
The End of Time

by

Jamie Doyle

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2004 Jamie Doyle

===========================================

For my family because they are always there…

===========================================


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

*          *          *

1.

The salty tang of sea spray cut the air around the luxury cruiser, its forty foot bulk leisurely carving through the calm, azure waters.  The pilot sat at the helm, using the joystick controls to ensure a smooth journey as he casually gazed around, his mirrored sunglasses reflecting a scene of true, tropical beauty.
To his left, the seamless expanse of the Pacific Ocean stretched to the horizon, its shimmering blue surface melding with the deep cyan of the cloudless sky.  To his right, the jewel in the crown of Australia’s premier island chain, Whitehaven Beach on Whitsunday Island, glided past.  Eucalypt green bush land tumbled down from the island’s low peaks to the blinding white sand of the fringing beach, which in turn slipped into the shallow turquoise waters that gradually deepened and darkened offshore to complete the flawless vista.
The pilot then traced his gaze further to the south and smiled.  Tourist season was in full force and even from his distant position, he could see the throng of yachts and pleasure-craft anchored in front of the shoreline, the vessels’ occupants scattered across the unblemished beach like ants in a sand pit.  To add to the scene, just offshore a parasail was being towed along behind a speedboat, the gaudy multicoloured parachute ballooning against the clear palette of blue sky.
‘Have the masses come out to play?’ called a voice from behind the pilot.
‘Sure have, Mister Knight!’ he called back, turning to face a man emerging from below deck.
The newcomer straightened to his full six feet and slipped on a pair of blue-tinged sunglasses before stepping up onto the helm to join the pilot.  The man’s deeply tanned skin contrasted strongly against his navy shorts and loosely buttoned up white shirt, while his generous mop of sandy, sun-bleached hair tousled in the salty wind.  Turning to survey the beach, he flipped his sunglasses up onto the top of his head and then lifted to his eyes the set of binoculars that hung round his neck.  ‘Wow.  Full house today.  Someone’s making some serious money,’ he said in a mixed accent of Australian twang over a vague British undertone.
‘Not as much as you though probably, Mister Knight,’ the pilot replied.
‘Ditch the Mister Knight thing, ok?’ the man replied.  ‘It’s Atreus or Trey.  I don’t pay you to call me anything else.’
‘I can’t do that, Mister…’
Atreus abruptly turned to face the pilot and lowered the binoculars to glower at him.  ‘Ditch it,’ he said.  ‘Just because I’m rich it doesn’t mean I’m a snob.’
‘Ok, Trey,’ the pilot said holding a hand up.  ‘You win.’
‘Cool because I hate losing,’ Atreus said smiling as he moved to the swivel seat adjacent to the pilot’s.  ‘Now how far from home are we?’
‘About another thirty minutes to Lindeman Island.  Unless you want to stop and hang out with all the other tourists?’ the pilot replied, waving towards the beach.
‘No thanks.  Got work to do.’
‘Take a break, Mister…’ the pilot started.
Atreus’ hand shot up, his forefinger pointing straight up.’
‘Sorry,’ the pilot resumed.  ‘Take a break, Trey.  You can afford to.  Geez, I don’t know why you even bother?  If I was you I’d be on a permanent holiday, tripping the world.’
‘I trip the world plenty already, mate,’ Atreus replied, gazing out over the silvery blue expanse of the Pacific Ocean, ‘and as for not needing to work?  Well, let’s just say I have to.  What I do is in the genes, so I’ve got my DNA to blame for that.  I couldn’t not do what I do, even if I wanted to…if that makes sense?’
‘No, it doesn’t make any sense to me.  For a bloke with more money than I can imagine, you work too hard.  What are you worth, if you don’t mind me asking?  Four?  Five hundred million?’
‘Nah, more than that,’ Atreus replied, waving his hand.  ‘I actually tried working it out the other day.  Figured I do it the easy way and count it up in billions, but gave up when I ran out of fingers and toes.’
‘You’re worth more than twenty billion dollars?’ the pilot said very slowly.
‘Yeah, but the twenty billion was just the easy stuff.  I didn’t even start on shares or properties, let alone corporate assets.  I have no clue what all that stuff is worth and besides, who cares?  Other people look after that stuff for me, so I can keep doing what I do, which today, does not include lying on a beach with a thousand other bludgers.  Home we go.’
‘Right you are, Mister…’
Atreus suddenly straightened in his seat, glaring at the pilot.
‘Whoops, sorry,’ the pilot said.  ‘Right you are, Trey.’
Still Atreus remained ramrod straight, except now he began craning his neck to see past the pilot and out over the starboard side rail.
‘What’s wrong,’ the pilot said, swivelling in his seat to follow Atreus’.
‘Trouble on the parasail,’ Atreus said, sharply pulling his sunglasses off and replacing them with the binoculars.
About fifty metres distant off the starboard side of their boat and travelling in a parallel direction closer to the beach, the speedboat towing the parasail cruised along.  Through the double lenses of the binoculars, Atreus studied the driver of the speedboat and confirmed his fears.  The man was suffering from what looked like a convulsion of some sort.  He had doubled over the wheel and was clutching at his chest.  Then suddenly, he stumbled backwards and tottered ungainly towards the back of the boat, finally crashing into the winch system controlling the rope attached to the parasail.
‘Oh dear,’ Atreus whispered.
‘What do you mean, oh, dear,’ the pilot asked more urgently now.  ‘What’s going on?’
‘I think the driver’s had a heart attack and…’ Atreus started then paused.
‘And what?’ the pilot pushed.
Atreus studied the winch more closely and then cursed.  ‘Bugger!  He’s accidently hit the redraw on the winch and is pulling the sail in,’  Atreus answered, panning the view through the binoculars up to the parasail, where he saw a young lady, probably no more than seventeen or eighteen, suspended in a harness below the billowing canopy.  She was totally unaware of her driver’s problems as she gazed serenely around.
The pilot followed Atreus’ gaze up to the parachute and grimaced.
Atreus then lowered the binoculars and looked dead ahead.  ‘And that’s not going to help,’ he added.
‘What?’ the pilot quizzed.
Atreus pointed a finger directly ahead of them through the windscreen towards a narrow neck of water just separating the southern end of Whitsunday Island from its neighbour Haselwood Island.  ‘They’re heading straight for Solway Passage.  At the speed they’re going, they’ll need to thread themselves through the eye of the needle and with no one at the wheel, that’s not going to happen,’ he said.  ‘If they don’t smash into the rocks on the western side, they’ll shred themselves on the reef on the other side.’
The pilot’s face drained of colour.  ‘So, what do we do?’
Atreus flicked his gaze back to the adjacent, driverless speedboat and paused, studying it.  ‘Right,’ he suddenly said as he swivelled in his seat and reached into the glove box to fish out a pocket-knife.  Then, jumping to his feet, he jammed the knife into his trousers pocket and said, ‘Come with me.’
The pilot stared as Atreus leapt off the helm and down to the main deck below at the rear of the boat.  Running to a row of hatches along the inside of the port side of the rail, Atreus opened one of the doors and pulled out a long rope with a handle on one end.  Standing up, he looked around and then looked back up at the helm.  ‘What are you doing still up there?’ he called up to the pilot.  ‘Get down here and help me get out the back.’
The pilot shook his head.  ‘No way!  That’s blood madness!’
‘Get down here now!  If you don’t get me out the back they’re both going to die!’ Atreus shouted back, gesturing across to the parasail.
‘No…’ the pilot started.
‘Yes!  Now!’
The pilot closed his eyes and screwed up his face.  He knew Atreus’ words to be true and that if anyone could pull this lunatic idea off it was him, but that didn’t stop it from being insane.
‘Right, I’m letting myself out!’ sounded Atreus’ voice from below.
This forced the pilot’s eyes to snap open and sure enough, Atreus was making his way down to the very back of the boat, uncoiling the rope as he went.
The pilot rolled his eyes, ensured the vessel was running dead straight and then eased back on the throttle.  He then switched it to autopilot and spun away to jump down onto the main deck.  By now Atreus had attached the rope to a fixture at the back of the boat and was extracting from the aft hold in the deck what looked like a surfboard with foot straps.
‘You are bloody nuts, Trey!’ the pilot shouted at his boss as he helped him haul the surfboard clear of the hold.  ‘You’re going to kill yourself!’
‘I doubt it, but let’s find out!’ Atreus shouted back as he straightened up and began checking the board over quickly to confirm a suitable condition.  ‘All good, now let’s get on with it!’
The pilot watched lamely as Atreus stripped off his shirt to reveal a lean, tanned physique that was not huge in stature, but well toned all over.  Atreus then turned and carried the handle end of the rope and the surfboard to the back of the deck to step over the rail and onto the duckboard at the very stern of the boat.  Atreus placed the board on the floor and slipped his feet into the twin foot straps, his right foot at the front.  After jamming his feet in as hard and as deep as they would go, he grabbed the handle in both hands and looked up at the still mute pilot.  ‘All set!  Let’s go!’
The pilot looked away and held firm, his final attempt at defiance.
‘Ok!  I’m off then!’ Atreus shouted.
This snapped the pilot back to the present.  ‘Ok!  Alright, I’m coming!’ he shouted back as he dashed forward and grabbed up the rope.  Giving Atreus a little bit of slack, he looped the mid section of rope once around another fixture and held the mid section tight to get ready to ease Atreus out the back into the water.
‘Good man!’ Atreus called out.
‘Just come back alive!’ the pilot returned.
‘I always do!  You ready?’
The pilot grimaced, set his feet firmly on the deck and then nodded.  Atreus noted the gesture and nodded back.  
‘Go!’ the pilot shouted.
Atreus bent his knees and hopped backwards off the duckboard and into the air.  While airborne, he pushed his back foot down and lifted his front foot slightly, tipping the nose of the surfboard up and the rear fins down.  An instant later, he hit the water.
Spray bloomed up all around as the board skittered beneath him.  Gripping the handle firmly in both hands, Atreus pulled his weight forward to reposition his centre of gravity and stabilise himself.  The spray from his board skipped up on both sides of him like twin rooster trails, the gleaming surface of the water skimming past like a silken sheet.
Looking up, Atreus found himself about six feet behind the stern of the boat.  Shifting his gaze to the pilot, Atreus bobbed the handle in his hands as a signal to let him further out.  The pilot nodded in reply and steadily began letting the rope out while using the friction against the fixture to control the pull.  Atreus slipped further and further behind the boat.
With the clear blue, sky overhead, the warm heat of the day all around and the glassy blue ocean beneath his feet, Atreus ordinarily would have loved this.  This is what he loved most about life, being actively immersed in it.  The faster and the more risky the better.  Water skiing was genuine beginner’s stuff for him, but then he glanced up at the parasail and his mood changed.  This was not time for play.
The cable connecting the speedboat to the parasail was halfway retracted and the girl in the harness had realised all was not good.  Judging by her frantic movements, she was well and truly panicked and probably even screaming, but Atreus couldn’t hear her above the sound of the wind whistling all around him.
Atreus looked back to the pilot to find him scrambling back up the ladder to the helm.  He had let the rope out all the way, positioning Atreus about twenty metres behind the boat and free to manoeuvre as much as he needed.  Atreus then felt himself speed up as the pilot apparently pushed forward on the throttle.  Digging his back foot in a bit harder to maintain control, Atreus considered his predicament.  He had no idea how fast they were going, but did know that even the slightest slip in his control of the board could result in serious injury if not something worse.  He also still had no idea of exactly what he was going to do if he managed to board the speedboat.  Oh, well, he’d just have to do what he usually does in situations like these.  Make it up as he went along.  Setting his jaw firm, he turned to fix his gaze on the adjacent speedboat.
Gently shifting his weight, Atreus gradually dug the right hand rail of the board into the water to angle himself out to the right towards the other boat.  With his own boat no longer in the way, Atreus could look dead ahead to see where they were going.  There lay Solway Passage, its narrow waters frothing with the churning seawater in between the western headland and the eastern fringing reef.  Already they were too close and they were just getting closer every second.
Holding the right hand rail in the water, Atreus continued to arc himself out towards the speedboat.  Only metres now.  The hull of the smaller craft bounced on the smooth surface of the water, but every now again, it would crash through a small piece of chop and the spray would kick up and block Atreus’ sight.
Squinting upwards, he found the incoming parasail was much closer too and he could just make out the screams for help from the dangling passenger.  Another few seconds and he would be there.  He was within arm’s reach now, but threatening to slip behind the back of the speedboat.  He turned back to the pilot of his own boat and motioned with his head for more speed.  The pilot acknowledged and inched his throttle forward.  Atreus felt the response and shifted slightly backwards on the board to compensate.  Turning back to the speedboat, Atreus was now alongside the port side rail of the speeding craft.  The easy part was over.  Now all he had to do was get on it.
Firming his stance, Atreus fixed his gaze on the hand rail on the speedboat.  Then, taking a deep breath, he released his right hand from the handle on the rope and reached sideways.  Atreus grunted as his left arm instantly knotted up all the way through his shoulder and down his back.  With the pain ripping through the left side of his torso, Atreus’ outstretched hand grabbed the hand rail on the speedboat, which he immediately used to steady himself.  His awkward stance now shot overwhelming tension through his entire body.  His back ached.  His knees trembled and even his neck was strung as tight as steel cord, but he had to hold it or else disaster would prevail.
With his right hand firmly gripped on the handrail, it was time to make a move.  Bending his knees a little further, Atreus steeled himself and then sprang upwards, at the same time pulling on the handrail with his right hand to haul himself sidewards over the edge of the speedboat.
As Atreus tumbled over the rail and onto the deck, his surfboard dislodged off his feet and fell back to the water.  At first it clattered and skittered on the water’s surface, but then it shattered, completely, smashing itself to pieces on the streaming surface.  Lying on his back with his head towards the rear of the boat, Atreus looked up and found his vision filled with the billowing shape of the incoming parachute. He had made it onboard, but what now?
A horn blared.  Scrambling to his feet, Atreus popped his head up over the rail and looked across at his own boat, finding the pilot waving and pointing frantically ahead.  Sticking his head out and looking forward of the speedboat, Atreus’ eyes grew wide.  Doom lay dead ahead.  They were aiming directly for the fringing reef on the eastern side of the passage and at their current speed there was not enough time to slow down or steer clear.
Atreus turned and dashed back to the rear where he found the driver of the boat lying curled up on the deck.  He was no doctor, but he knew the poor man was dead.  A mask of inconceivable pain had screwed up his face, while his curled fingers morbidly clawed at his still chest.
‘Rest in peace, mate,’ Atreus whispered.
‘Help me!’ sounded a shrill scream.
Atreus turned and found the parasail had now been fully wound in with the young girl still confined in the harness.  Behind and above her, the canopy billowed in the whistling wind.
‘Help!’ she screamed again.
The horn blared again.  Beyond the rail of the boat, Atreus noted the colour of the water change from dark blue to a lighter shade.  A black shape zipped past beneath the surface.  A rock.  The horn blared a third time and this time did not stop.  Two more rocks flashed past.  It was time to go.
‘Get me out of here!’ the girl screamed again.
‘You got it,’ Atreus mumbled.
Jamming his hand into his shorts pocket, Atreus pulled out the pocket knife and flicked the blade open.  Then spinning around, he dashed towards the back of the boat, the cries of the girl and the blaring of the horn filling his senses.  The colour of the water was now rapidly changing to a sandy white.
Using his two last steps, Atreus stepped up onto an over turned crate and launched himself forward to grab the rope line connecting the winch to the parasail.  Latching onto it just below the girl’s dangling feet and in the same airborne motion, he raised the pocket knife high, its blade glinting momentarily in the sun.  Then slashing downwards, he brought the knife’s razor sharp edge across the rope just below his left hand.
Instantly, the line severed and Atreus felt himself violently pulled upwards and clear of the boat.  His left arm was again jolted right through his shoulder and down his back, but his grip held.  The parasail immediately ruffled upwards as the boat’s momentum filled it with air, leaving Atreus dangling beneath the harness and the now hysterical young girl.
Looking down past his legs, Atreus’ wide eyes noted just how close they had come to oblivion.  The hurtling speedboat barrelled through the shallow, rock strewn water for a few seconds more until it hit the reef.  At first, it simply careened across the black patch of water, scraping over the rocks as it went, but then suddenly, it slammed into an exposed rock, shredding the hull in a shower of debris.  The cloud of broken steel and fibreglass ploughed forwards, raining over the surface of the frothing water.  The last thing to splash to a halt amid the carnage was the outboard engine, the propeller coming loose and whipping and slicing away through the air to land in the frothing waters of the passage itself.
Atreus looked away from the destruction and flicked the pocketknife closed before sliding it carefully back into his pocket.  He then reached up with his spare hand and reaffirmed his grip on the rope.  Cheering sounded from below.
Looking behind them, Atreus found the length of Whitehaven Beach thronged with people.  Boats were blasting their horns and even backing off the beach to head towards them.  It was pandemonium.  He smiled.
‘Thank you,’ sounded a fragile voice from above him.
Atreus turned his gaze upwards to look into the tear streaked and still terrified face of the young girl.  ‘No worries,’ he replied pleasantly, holding his smile.  ‘Happy to help.’
‘You saved my life didn’t you?’ she stammered through deep sobs.
Atreus nodded.  ‘Yeah, I guess I did,’ he said mater of factly.  ‘Saved my own too, which is pretty good.’
‘Thank you,’ the girl said again.
‘You’ve already said that.’
‘I won’t ever stop saying that.’
‘Well, don’t thank me anymore because we haven’t come down yet and the island’s starting to get a long way behind us,’ Atreus replied, watching Whitsunday Island slowly diminish as they drifted away.
The girl caught on to Atreus’ words and started to panic all over again.  Then Atreus spotted a frothing white wake, arcing through Solway Passage that slowly bent round to come towards them.  At the head of the wake was his boat, his pilot in pursuit of them.
‘Relax!’ he shouted up to the girl.  ‘The cavalry’s coming!’
‘Who’s coming?’ she shouted back.
Atreus smiled and laughed.  ‘A man I apparently pay too much and this time he’s really going to hate me!’
‘Why?  Why is he going to hate you?’ the girl shouted back, her face scrunched up.
‘Because I’m giving him a bonus!’

2.

Atreus lifted his head from the pages of the aging, leather-bound volume and glanced about.  Sitting at the research table in the centre of his library, he could survey much of the room without shifting.  Everything seemed as it should be.
The polished New Guinea Rosewood floor glowed a soft pinkish ochre beneath the standing lamps in the corners.  Contemporary steel and pine bookshelves lined two long walls, the racks neatly full and displaying a range of journals and periodicals covering the entire width and breadth of archaeological research and discovery.  His desk crouched on the far side of the room, the massive oaken fixture hulking in the shadows, his laptop open on top with the luminescent Apple symbol a pale blue beacon of information technology marketing.
Turning to his left, Atreus checked the telescopic glass doors, which were pushed wide, the yawning portal allowing the balmy summer’s night to virtually spill over the enormous balcony and flow into the room.  The potted palms either side of the deck opening fluttered delicately in the gentle sea breeze, the zephyr infused with the salty spritz of the Pacific Ocean.  The subdued wash of surf on the rocky beach below was the only sound to be heard.  It was late, and he was alone.  At least that’s what he had assumed, until someone had whispered his name.
Discarding the notion from his mind, Atreus took a deep breath that transformed into an even deeper yawn.  As he exhaled, he laced his fingers behind his head and stretched.  Tilting his head from side to side, he released the tension from his neck and then rubbed his eyes.
Atreus had been sitting in place for much of the day and his body had stiffened towards a state of living rigor mortis, his upper back giving him especially severe aggravation.  Inactivity crippled him.  He felt much more at ease after physical exertion, the more extreme of which the better.  Yesterday’s impromptu surfboarding and parasailing adventure had been just the thing.  Atreus had felt infinitely better last night than he did tonight after a day of solid research poring over books and surfing the net.
Looking around one more time, Atreus confirmed he was alone.  He had no idea what the time was and didn’t particularly care.  He didn’t need to be anywhere either tonight or tomorrow and was no stranger to getting only a few hours sleep a night.  Then his stomach growled.
‘Ah, there’s a cue,’ he said to himself, rubbing his midriff.  ‘Let’s get you sorted out.’
Rising to his feet, Atreus arched his back and stretched his whole body one more time before turning for the door to get some dinner, or supper, or whatever you eat at this time of night.  As he turned, his eye caught a soft glow on the display shelves across the room.  He halted and froze.
The digital photo frame beheld the image of a smiling couple, close-up to the camera, their faces filling the screen.  Atreus’ parents.  The hunger in his belly immediately faded away as his mind raced back over two decades to east Africa, to him and his parents on safari on the Serengeti plains of Tanzania.  The day that photo had been take was the day Atreus had instantly grown to be a man.  On that same day he had also acquired a guilt that had racked him mercilessly for every day since.  Before the sun had risen the next morning, both his parents were dead and Atreus’ life had become a quest, both for knowledge and for revenge.
Atreus’ parents had taken him on safari several times and this had been their third trip to the Serengeti.  When they went on safari, they never stayed in lodges, preferring to pitch camp every night out on the grasslands, amongst the beasts.  Atreus had loved the sweeping grasslands as much as his parents had.  The raw, natural beauty of the savannah and its majestic wildlife made a blissful experience that they never tired of.  Atreus’ greatest pleasure was to lie in bed at night and listen to the great grazing herds of zebra, laugh and whinny their way across the plains.  Then, softy, but clearly, he would hear the deep throaty call of the lion prides as they stalked and hunted their prey.  The sounds were both exciting and fearful at the same time because Atreus knew that every time he heard that nocturnal symphony, something was going to die, but it was natural.  That is the way of the Animal Kingdom.  For something to live, something else must die, but that was not a rule he associated with the death, no the murder, of his parents.
On this particular trip, Atreus had been ten years of age.  The local police had written the incident up as a road traffic accident.  His parents and their guide had driven out from camp one night and apparently on their return journey, had gone off the side of one of the bridges crossing the Grumeti River.  The theory went that if the fifteen metre drop into the rocky waters hadn’t killed them, the massive Nile Crocodiles that patrolled the river would have.  In fact it was the wildlife that was blamed for the complete disappearance of their bodies.  Atreus was not so sure.  He suspected something more sinister.  Something more evil.  An evil that had a face and a name.
The faces of his parents melted away and were replaced by the wizened, gaunt features of an elderly gentleman.  Lord Frederick James Amherst.  It was the face of a supposed family friend and a respected member of British nobility, but in the years since his parents’ deaths, Atreus had learned that this man had somehow been involved.  Evidence linking Lord Amherst to the incident had been disappointingly thin and at times when it seemed like there might have even been a witness, this revelation was soon followed by a homicide investigation that sent everything cold again.  Atreus loathed Lord Amherst and would not rest until he knew the truth, proof or not.
Atreus closed his eyes.  The grief in his heart suffused into the background and he relaxed.  Sucking in a deep breath, Atreus absorbed the sea breeze.  The sensation invigorated him.  He had journeyed to every continent on the planet and sailed across every ocean and despite his British heritage and a huge family estate back in England, he now called Australia home.  He much preferred the more relaxed and colourful environs of the north Queensland coast to the drab skies of the Old Dart.  Lindeman Island in the Whitsundays had been his base for the last ten years and his luxury hideaway on the inner edge of the Great Barrier Reef was exactly where he intended to stay for the rest of his days.  Atreus had even managed to contract the Australian vernacular, allowing his refined English accent to fade behind a strong antipodean twang.  This change in locale suited him as Atreus’ greatest passion was life itself and living in Australia inspired him no end.  Plus, he had inherited a staggeringly vast fortune from his deceased parents, which provided him with the means to pursue his passion.
The second great love of his life was archaeology, something else he had inherited from his parents.  Lord Ellis and Lady Beatrice Knight had been world-renowned for their pursuits of ancient civilisations, having travelled the world to virtually all of mankind’s ancient locales.  The shelves lining Atreus’ walls contained countless journals detailing their treks from places as far afield as the Arctic Circle to the jungles of Borneo, but this humble compilation was miniscule compared to the library in the family estate back in England.  The compilation of knowledge in those dusty archives spanned over three centuries of accumulated information.  The Knight Family upheld a long tradition of scientific journey and discovery.  It was in the blood and Atreus was living proof of the continuance of that genetic trait.
Opening his eyes, Atreus stole one last glance at the picture of his parents before turning towards the door to get some belated dinner, and then he heard it again.
Snapping back round to face the expanse of the library, Atreus scanned the shadow suffused room.  He was not a man to be easily frightened and even now in the pale light of the room and in the quiet still of the night, he didn’t feel in the least bit afraid, but he was supremely curious.
With a frown creasing his brow, Atreus softly and carefully paced back to the table, scanning the room as he moved.  The voice had undoubtedly come from within the confines of the library.  Either that or from within the confines of his head, which was significantly more disturbing.  Rounding the table, he very slowly paced a full circumnavigation of it, while studying the darkest corners furthest away from him.  Nothing revealed itself.  He was still alone.
He shook his head.  ‘Voices, hey, Atreus?’ he mumbled to himself.  ‘I guess it was inevitable.  You spend enough time digging around in the dark, sooner or later you’ll drop your marbles.’  Sighing, he ran his hand roughly through his hair and made off towards the door.
This time it was louder.
‘Who is that?’ Atreus demanded of the shadows as he spun back into the room.
He stood stock still and inched his gaze across every square centimetre of the room, seeking even the slightest clue that someone had secreted themselves somewhere in his library and was being a nuisance.
‘I know you’re in here somewhere,’ he said deliberately to the room in general, ‘and I got to tell you, when I drag you out into the open, you’re not going to like what happens next.’
Nothing moved.  Nothing spoke and no one presented themselves.
‘Right, I’m calling the…’ Atreus started and his phone rang.
Raising his eyebrows, Atreus turned and looked down at the table to find his mobile phone vibrating across the surface to the tune of The Beach Boys’ Surfin’ USA.
‘Now, that is weird,’ he said as he reached down to grab it.
Reading the screen, he recognised the name on the LCD panel as his expedition coordinator.
‘Gary?  How goes?’ he asked, continuing to cast his gaze around the room.
‘Just calling to tell you I’m in Sydney and that everything’s finally set for Peru,’ returned a man’s voice.
‘Really?  That was quick.  Any dramas?’
‘Nothing a few extra pesos couldn’t sort out.  Funny how a second chopper magically materialized when the platinum card came out, oh, and then when I made explicit mention it was Atreus Knight who was leading the expedition, they offered to find a third.’
‘They did, hey?  That’s a shame,’ Atreus replied, still scanning the room with squinted eyes.  ‘Was hoping to go in under the radar.  Oh, well.  Cover’s blown now.  When do we leave?’
‘You’re wheels up from there next Tuesday.  Setting foot on the Cordillera Blanca in northern Peru by Friday.  Can’t wait.’
‘Ripper.  Sounds like a plan.  You up for this?’	
‘Am I up for this?  I’m as fit as a horse, mate.  Race you to the top.’
‘Whatever you reckon.  Not even on your best day could you beat me, besides, remember what happened last year in Irian Jaya?  We don’t want a repeat of that little mishap do we?  I don’t mind carrying you down a mountain once, but twice would be embarrassing,’ Atreus said, pivoting slowly round and scrutinizing the gloom.
‘That was only a twenty metre drop and it only broke my leg.  It takes more than that to kill me.’
‘It’s not you I’m worried about killing, mate.  It’s me.  I had to climb down that bloody ravine to get you, haul you back up and then carry you all the way down the hill!  There is no way there’s going to be a sequel to that.’
‘Don’t worry.  I really am ready for this one.  I got your back.’
‘Yeah, I know you do.  You always have.  At least I got to pay you back one.  Thanks for getting this trip up and running.  I got a good feeling about it.  There’s an Incan temple waiting up there for us.  I just know it.’
‘How’s the research coming along?’
‘Well, I’ve almost finished reading Bassingthwaite’s journal for the third time, but I must have missed something,’ Atreus said, turning back to the table to look down at the open tome he had been mentally digesting all afternoon and night.  ‘He spent five years excavating that citadel, but nowhere has he mentioned finding any indications of steps that could lead up to the High Priest’s Altar, so either he really didn’t find them and they’re waiting for us to come along or I’m not reading his journal right.’
‘Trey, if you didn’t read it then Bassingthwaite didn’t write it down.  That big brain of yours’ never misses anything.  I wish I had a photographic memory.’
‘It’s not a photographic memory.  It’s eidetic recall.  There’s no such thing as a photographic memory.’
‘Call it whatever you want.  You’ve got it and I wish I had it.’
‘Well, besides, it’s not my memory I’m worried about,’ Atreus said, turning to face the night through the open balcony doors.  ‘It’s my sanity.  I think I’m starting to hear voices.’
‘You know what they say, mate?’ Gary replied.  ‘It’s a fine line between genius and insanity and you may have finally crossed over.’
‘Maybe, but at least then I’d have a medical reason for doing all the stupid things I do.  What’s your excuse?’
‘Touché, now get back to work and stay away from sharp objects,’ Gary jabbed.
‘Okay.  Thanks again.  Talk to you soon,’ Atreus said before closing the line.
Atreus smiled and lowered the phone.  He needed some fresh air.  Dinner and the journal could wait a bit longer.  Walking towards the open balcony doors, he shook his head, wondering if he really had been imagining the voices.  Then he froze, mid stride.  Squinting hard, he peered into the half-light.  A faint tingling rippled up his spine, instantly dissolving his paranoia.  He looked even harder.  This time he was certain.
The light from the LCD panel on his mobile phone finally winked out after receiving Gary’s call and the gloom returned, but Atreus now knew he was not alone.  The LCD-spawned glow had illuminated two vague legs, lurking in the shadows on the balcony.  The mysterious voice finally had a body.  Atreus was not going crazy after all.
Still with no fear to cloud his judgement, Atreus straightened up and stood his ground.  This was certainly odd, but not something to necessarily be frightened about.  Crossing his arms across his chest, Atreus decided that offense was the best course of action to take control of the situation.
‘So, there you are,’ he said confidently.  ‘What exactly are you doing skulking around my library late at night?’
‘I think, Atreus, you will find there is virtually nothing I cannot do if I so choose,’ sounded a voice.
Atreus tilted his head and creased his brow.  Had he heard right?  Had this intruder actually said that?  It was not the arrogance of the words that perturbed Atreus, so much as the tone and the timbre.  He’d heard the sound of that voice before, millions of times, except this time his ears had to be deceiving him.
‘Say that again,’ he carefully demanded with one eyebrow raised.
‘I think, Atreus, you will find there is virtually nothing I cannot do if I so choose.’
 It was uncanny, but at least thankfully, Atreus was not losing his mind.  The voice was unmistakably his own, but coming from someone else.
‘Get in here in the light,’ Atreus demanded, taking a few steps back to afford enough space for the intruder to join him in the circle of lamp light.
‘I assure you, Atreus, that my coming into the light will not give you any greater advantage of recognition nor comprehension.’
‘Try me?’ Atreus dared.
‘As you wish.’
At first nothing happened, but then, almost imperceptibly, the darkness moved.  Atreus watched intently as the vacant air in front of him shifted and advanced.  The light of the table lamp passed right through the transparent form of the person or whatever it was with only the slightest distortion.  The figure’s initial position in the darkness had rendered it effectively invisible, but even now inside in the light, it was still essentially see-through.
‘You got a nice tailor, mate,’ Atreus said.  ‘You didn’t buy that kit at K-Mart did you?’
‘Your meaning is unclear to me, but if you are referring to my appearance then I can explain?’ the figure replied.
Atreus could not be certain, but he assumed the mystery figure was now standing beside the table in full view.  A faint shadow lay on the floor behind the hazy outline and judging by its size and shape, the form appeared to be basically humanoid with two arms, two legs and a head at approximately average height.  That at least was comforting.  Without knowing any better, Atreus had to assume the figure was likely to be human; he just wished it would stop mimicking his voice.
‘I’ll bet you can explain,’ Atreus replied, ‘and while you’re at it, you can explain why you’re sneaking around my balcony.  There’s a perfectly good front door downstairs with a bell you could’ve used.’
Atreus needed to keep the mystery intruder talking.  He’d never needed to negotiate himself through a dangerous situation like this, but having read books on most subjects imaginable, he did know the golden rule was to keep the potentially hostile party talking.  This kept their mind off action and focused on speech, which was the lesser of two evils.
‘Then, please, let me begin,’ the intruder began.
‘Whoa.  Hang on.  If we’re going to get to know each other, then let’s at least sit down and behave like adults and while we’re at it, what about a drink?’
‘I will sit as you offer if that makes you more comfortable, but I will decline the beverage.’
‘Okay.  Fine, so then let’s sit,’ he said lamely gesturing towards the nearest chair by the table as he hurriedly scuttled round to the chair on the opposite side, never once taking his eyes off where he thought the intruder was standing.
As Atreus sat slowly down, he noticed the shadow clearly shift and the proffered chair magically remove itself from the table.  It then groaned slightly underneath an invisible weight.  It was now beyond doubt.  The visitor was real.
‘Right, first things first,’ Atreus started to say with his open palm raised and his brain working overtime on how to keep this most unusual of nocturnal visitors pre-occupied with talking rather than attacking him.  ‘Before we get on to why you’re here, let’s start at the beginning.  You seem to know who I am, but who or what should I call you?’
‘Given your linguistic capabilities, my formal title would prove unpronounceable, but for the sake of being courteous I will recite it for you,’ the stranger said.  There then followed a combination of grunts, gurgles and a low whistle.
Atreus held an implacable expression, his incomprehension hidden.  ‘Okay then,’ he drawled as he pursed his lips and pondered, ‘how’s about I just call you Jack?’
‘May I ask why?’
‘Twisted sense of humour, but Jack was the lead character in H.G Wells’ Invisible Man and I’d say you fit that bill pretty well.’
An extended silence followed.  The figure finally spoke.  ‘Again, if it makes you comfortable, I can accept Jack as a title.’
Atreus nodded slowly.  This was a good start because at least he was still alive, but as far as starts go, it was all very odd.
‘So, why don’t we now talk about why you’re here?’ Atreus carefully asked, his brain now starting to work on an escape plan.  ‘What brings you into my library tonight?’
‘My presence here is a complicated matter and one of extreme importance.  It may sound rather dramatic, but I assure you the safety and further existence of both your species and mine depends upon our actions beyond this point.’
Now Atreus froze, his gaze fixed on the blurry intruder.  The response had given him two reasons to pause.  Firstly, he was currently sitting in his library conversing with something that had just declared itself to be something other than human.  An interesting development to say the least, but it paled against the second and larger implication behind the statement.
Apparently, Atreus now held the future of the human race in his hands, the validity of which carried two further and extremely unsettling possibilities.  If the assertion was false, it meant Jack was likely psychotic and Atreus’ life absolutely stood in grave danger.  If the assertion was true, then it was not just Atreus’ life, but all of humankind’s that was in jeopardy.  In a very selfish twist of logic, Atreus hoped the intruder was in fact telling the truth, meaning he himself was unlikely to be butchered by this potentially crazed lunatic, but then it did leave the problem of saving the world.
‘Okay,’ Atreus drawled, quickly searching for a subject change towards something a little less hostile.  ‘That’s all very interesting, but…what about home?  Where does an invisible alien like yourself come from?’
‘My race has established a civilization that spans not only this galaxy, but countless others throughout this region of the universe.  To say we have a homeland would now be impossible.  However, if you are referring to the origin of my race, then that I can provide?’
‘Ah, please do.  Knock yourself out.’
‘Excuse me?’ Jack replied.
‘Um, I meant, go on.  Take your time’.
‘The birthplace of my species was a planet that resided within what humans refer to as the Large Magellanic Cloud.  This planet was a member of a relatively small solar system rotating around a binary star system comprising a white dwarf and a…’
‘Hang on,’ Atreus interrupted, holding up a finger.  ‘That’s impossible.’
A heavy pause ensued.  ‘Impossible?  How?’ the figure finally asked.  ‘What is wrong with…?’
‘What’s wrong with your story?’ Atreus interrupted.  ‘Well look, I’m no astronaut, but I’ve read a few books about the universe and I’ve seen all the Star Trek movies, so when it comes to astronomy, you could call me an amateur expert on the subject.’
‘Please, explain?’
‘Okay.  For starters, there aren’t any planets in the cosmic vicinity you’re talking about.  We’ve had a pretty good look around that area and not only are there no planets, the interstellar medium in that vicinity is too sparse to have allowed planetary bodies to form via accretion in the first place.  On top of that, I assume the binary system you’re talking about is LMC X-3, which as just about any amateur astronomer worth his or her salt knows, comprises no planets, but is notorious in the observed universe because it consists of not only a white dwarf star, but it’s orbiting partner is a…’
Atreus’ voice trailed off as an astounding possibility invaded his line of thought.  While it had never been physically confirmed, theoretically a planet could disappear.  Science had proven it on paper and in computer simulations, but reality was a completely different thing.  Either way, Jack’s claims of a far distant home were now brilliantly beyond the capability of proof.  It was a masterstroke, but the genius did nothing to allay the growing discomfort in Atreus’ mind.  In fact, it further compounded it.  This encounter was becoming more disturbing as it drew on.  The sound of Atreus’ own voice pulled him from his reverie.
‘I see realisation has dawned upon you,’ Jack said.  Atreus slid his gaze back up to the invisible form across the table.  ‘If you remember my use of words in the original statement you will recall the word “was”.  That may help you arrive more easily at the difficult conclusion you are trying avoid.’
‘Alright, you win,’ Atreus relented.  ‘The binary system LMC-X3 contains a white dwarf star and a black hole; a black hole that I’m assuming you suggest consumed your planet?
‘That is correct.’
Atreus nodded slowly.  ‘That’s a hell of a claim, but the fact that your home world got munched by a black hole raises another question.  A planet doesn’t just disappear overnight.  I assume it takes millennia, so now I have to ask you just how old is your race and more to the point, how old are you?’
‘A sound question and a logical one.  I knew you to be intelligent, but your reasoning and knowledge are greater than I expected.’
‘That’s a swell thing to say, but your turning up unannounced and being invisible were not what I expected, so how’s about an answer to the question, please?’
‘Of course,’ Jack agreed.  ‘As you have correctly pointed out, my planet was indeed destroyed by a black hole.  To place an approximation on this event, I would estimate our planet’s final demise to have occurred somewhere between one point three and one point four billion years ago.  Since that time, my race has colonised many other locales throughout the universe, this solar system being one of them.’
A pause ensued.  Atreus waited patiently.  Nothing further came from the seemingly empty chair.
‘Okay, that’s all well and good,’ Atreus finally said, ‘but you haven’t fully answered my question.  Your kind has been floating around the universe for a while, fair enough, but what about you?  How old are you?’
‘The answer to your question is no simple matter as time no longer holds significant meaning for me, but if I were to conceive a low side estimate, it would be in excess of one million Earth years.’
Atreus pursed his lips and then said, ‘That’s a lot of candles.
‘You must realise though,’ Jack continued, ‘that while one million years of age in human terms is inconceivable, in relative terms in my own species, I am considered a child, despite my unusually high level of intelligence.’
‘Boy genius, hey?  Good for you.’
‘Yes, a genius I am, but I live to serve my species.’
‘Clever and noble.  Your mother must be proud, but don’t think you’re off the hook here.  You’ve still got a heap of questions to answer before I trust anything coming out of your invisible mouth, even if you do sound like me.’
‘I appreciate your forthrightness, Atreus,’ Jack said, ‘and will allow you some patience in contemplating my proposition, but considering the urgency and nature of my visit, I suggest you limit your cogitations as much as possible.’
‘Limit my cogitations?  Fine.  Works for me.  I’ve been trying to cut back anyway.  Now where were we?  Oh yes, you’re a one million year old wonder kid who needs me to save the world and both our species at the same time.’
‘Quite,’ Jack said patiently.
‘Didn’t figure on having this conversation when I woke up this morning,’ Atreus said off-hand.
‘Atreus, please?’ Jack said abruptly.  ‘Our time is pressingly limited.’
‘Okay.  Okay,’ Atreus replied, waving his hand at the not so empty chair.  An escape plan still evaded him and this conversation was getting way too weird, even for him.  ‘Let’s cut to the chase then.  Why, and these are your words, do the safety and further existence of both your species and mine depend upon our actions beyond this point?  What’s with all the melodrama?’
‘As I mentioned at the beginning,’ Jack started, ‘my presence here is complicated, but considering the advanced intelligence you have already displayed tonight, I expect you will be able to absorb my proposition and reasoning quite readily.’
‘Don’t get your hopes up, but go on.’
‘First, I will present to you the crux of my proposition and then outline the reasons behind my approaching you in particular,’ Jack said.
‘Okay.  Take as long as you need,’ Atreus replied, leaning back in his chair and lacing his fingers behind his head, all the while scanning the room for weapons and escape routes..
‘Thank you,’ Jack replied.  ‘My primary purpose for intruding into your home uninvited is to place before you a proposition that if successful, will most definitely ensure the further existence of the human race and also avert a likely assault on the further freedoms, if not survival, of my own race.  Hence, I am asking you to aid me in reacquiring the keys to time-travel?’
A pause ensued.  Atreus waited patiently for Jack to continue.  Nothing happened.
‘Am I supposed to talk here?’ he finally asked.
‘I have asked you a question and it is customary for you to answer.’
Atreus stared blankly back at the space occupying the chair.  Yes, Jack had just asked him for help and sure, the mere concept of assisting to reacquire the keys to time-travel was flattering, but at this point it was equally as ridiculous as everything else that had happened in the last fifteen minutes of his life.  He needed to stall.
‘That’s a pretty big ask, Jack,’ he replied.  ‘You’ll need to spill some more beans before I buy into anything.’
‘What do beans have to do with this request?’
‘Human talk.  Don’t worry about it,’ Atreus said, waving the comment away.  ‘What do you mean reacquire the keys?  Are you telling me you lost them?’
‘Yes, in a manner of speaking?’
‘You know you really should be more careful?  I’ve got a spare Doctor Who key-ring downstairs that you can borrow.’
‘This is not a trivial matter, Atreus.  Success in this venture is vital.  Failure will result in primal genocide of the human race and likely civil war and subjugation from within for my own.’  Atreus arched an eyebrow.  Few things could attract a person’s attention better than the impending extinction of one’s own race.  ‘We must reacquire the keys,’ Jack continued, his tone lowered and more urgent.  ‘Your fate, my fate and the combined fate of both our species depends upon it.’
Atreus’ green eyes twinkled in the wan light as he considered the doomsday prophecy.  With his hands steepled in front of his face, he attempted to look his mysterious visitor directly in the eye.  Then, after taking a deep breath, he leant forward and said, ‘Jack, I’ve got to tell you.  You’ve got an even bigger imagination than I have.’
‘May I continue?’ Jack asked.
‘By all means,’ he replied as he leaned back again.  ‘Don’t let my cynicism get in the way.’
‘My race has successfully overcome all but two challenges in our long existence,’ Jack continued without a hint of boasting.  ‘We have achieved immortality, limitless space-travel and the colonisation of a spectrum of habitable worlds across the universe.’
‘Not to mention breaking and entering,’ Atreus quipped.
‘However, the two challenges that have thus far eluded us are the artificial creation of life and time-travel.’
‘For a boy genius, that’s got to be disappointing?’
‘That is,’ Jack continued, oblivious to Atreus’ flippancy, ‘until now.  At last I can effectively claim the challenge of time-travel to have been overcome.  I myself am the living proof of that success, but I need your help in reacquiring the keys to recreate that success.’
‘What do you mean you’re the living proof?’
‘It was I who conceived the means and I who partook in the experiment.’
‘So, you’re some sort of scientist or inventor then?
‘Your race would probably refer to me as a nuclear physicist, but that would of course be a gross under-exaggeration.’
‘Of course it would.  How incredibly primitive of us,’ Atreus returned.  ‘So, back to the beginning again.  What do you want from me?  How is that out of over six billion people on this planet, you think I’m the best person to help you?’
‘I require your help because you are an expert in human anthropology and archaeology.’
‘Supreme alien speak with silver-tongue.’
‘I don’t understand.’
‘Never mind.  I may be a bit of a dab hand at those things, but there are lots of other, more highly qualified individuals than myself who could help you out.  Why do you think I’m the one who has what it takes to find your fancy keys?’
‘I have searched your race’s media archives and it is extremely difficult to separate your name from many of the most significant archaeological discoveries of the last twenty years,’ Jack explained.  ‘In fact if it was not you who was responsible for a particular discovery, it was your parents before you.  It seems the Knight family name is synonymous with the profession.’
‘Yeah, you could say that, but...’
‘A submerged Mayan citadel in the Caribbean,’ Jack interrupted.  ‘A lost Roman legion beneath the sands of the Sahara.  Zoroastrian fire temples in the Zagros Mountains of Iran and an armada of ancient Chinese galleys in the South China Sea.  These are just a few of your more remarkable discoveries with several more that rank equally as highly.  You are as prodigious in your success as you are in your enthusiasm for the pursuit of antiquity.  Atreus, you are exactly the right human needed for this task.  There is no other that comes even close.’
‘Okay,’ Atreus drawled, ‘I did all those things, but there’s another bloke that’s just as good as me and I’m sure he’d love to...’
‘You also possess an appetite for risk.  You are seldom deterred by danger if the reward is substantial.  On many occasions you have had to confront considerable danger and it has been your physical prowess that has brought you success.  It is this physical ability coupled with your knowledge that confirms your suitability for this role.’
Atreus paused.  The offer for help had just taken a new twist.  ‘You mean this is going to be dangerous?’ he asked evenly.
‘Yes, but as I said, you are skilled in pursuits such as these, so the danger to which I refer is nothing for you to be concerned with.’
‘So, let’s not be too casual about that.  Sure I don’t mind a few cuts and bruises, but when you say danger, what exactly are you talking about and how does all this relate back to your time-travel experiment?’
‘To put it simply, a considerable period of time has passed since the experiment and I fear the keys have most likely been reacquired.  A person of your superior qualifications and skills will be needed to relocate them.’
‘How long is considerable?’ Atreus asked, squinting.
‘My experiment in time-travel occurred on the far eastern margin of the Mediterranean Ocean at the present-day location of the city of Jerusalem.  When I conducted the experiment, Jerusalem did not exist.  In fact, there were no human cities anywhere on the planet, let alone intelligent human life.  The earliest forms of human beings had barely begun to walk on two legs and would not migrate out of the East African Rift System for another five million years.  When I executed the experiment, I was propelled a significant distance forward in time.  Whilst I am approximately one million years old, I performed the experiment in a city of our own making over six million years ago.’
Atreus held his gaze steady on the apparently empty chair for a few moments.  He then turned to look out through the open balcony doors.  The inky blackness of the tropical night consumed the space beyond.  Even the sea breeze had died off, enhancing the void like feeling that surrounded him right now.  This alien sure was testing his limits.
‘I apologise for the abruptness of the information,’ Jack said.  ‘I realise that everything I am explaining to you is stretching your cognitive reasoning, but...’
‘Relax,’ Atreus butted back in, refocusing his attention on the intruder.  ‘My cognitive reasoning can handle it.  It’s not like I was ready for you to stroll in here in your invisible pyjamas and start blabbing about galactic colonisations and planet-munching black holes either, so let’s get on with it.  Now, you said something about a city of your own that you lived in over six million years ago.  Tell me about that?’
‘To present the complete picture, colonisation of your planet by my race occurred many thousands of years before I arrived here.  However, the nature of this colonisation was not to expand our population base in the galaxy, but merely to establish a scientific outpost, a place where advancement of the physical and metaphysical sciences could be focused upon without interruption.  This was the purpose of the city to which I refer.’
‘So, it was a nerd hang-out?’
‘What is a nerd?’
‘An intelligent, but single-minded person obsessed with a non-social hobby or pursuit, but forget about that,’ Atreus said with a dismissive gesture.  ‘How big was this city of yours?’
‘It provided research and accommodation for over twenty million inhabitants.  This is quite small by our own standards, but as I said, it was more of an outpost than a fully-fledged city.’
‘Alright, bear with me as my cognitive reasoning wrangles with this,’ Atreus said, his finger raised.  ‘I don’t know anything about the fundamentals of your urban designs or requirements for habitation, but if there were twenty million humans living in one space, like for example in present day Cairo, those humans would require extremely large quantities of infrastructure such as buildings and roads to support industry and agriculture.  Now if the human population of Cairo mysteriously vanished overnight and never returned, that city, despite being empty, would leave an indelible print on the landscape that would last for millennia.  You just can’t put that many people together and not scar the Earth.  As for six million year-old ruins in Jerusalem, well, I’ve been to Jerusalem, lots of times and I can tell you that city has been extensively studied, researched and even dug up by both archaeologists and conquering armies alike, but no where have I ever read or heard about ruins as old as what you’re claiming.  How do you explain that?’
‘As I said, our city was primarily a research outpost.  One of the phenomena we focused on was the capacity to exploit the vast energy reserves available within the electromagnetic field surrounding this planet.’
‘Like I said.  Nerds.’
Jack ignored him.  ‘We were highly successful in achieving this aim and as a result, we conceived a new way to construct infrastructure.  We were ultimately able to dispense with physical matter as a building material and instead used pure energy derived from the planetary electromagnetic field.  Instead of constructing infrastructure, energy fields comprised our city.’
‘Impressive.  That’s taking nerdiness to a whole new level,’ Atreus said.  ‘Now, let me jump to my own conclusion using my primitive human brain.  I assume the fact your city comprised no physical materials, is the same fact that prevented any physical remains to exist after the city was abandoned?  Hence, why there are no ruins?’
‘That is correct, yes, but our city was not abandoned.’
‘Not abandoned?  What happened?’
‘Unfortunately...’
‘No, wait,’ Atreus interrupted.  ‘Let me guess.’
‘As you wish,’ Jack agreed.
Atreus dipped his head and rubbed his forehead with his fingertips.  He was not tired.  Far from it.  He was in fact just starting to connect with Jack’s line of fantastic claims and even come to grips with the fact that he was sitting in his library, late at night, conversing with an invisible, one million year old, time-travelling alien.  If the situation was not so potentially dangerous, he could easily enjoy himself here.
‘I’m guessing,’ Atreus began again, ‘that some time after you started messing around with the Earth’s electromagnetic field, you got it wrong and somehow bit off more than you could chew?  This caused some sort of meltdown, which wiped your energy-based city off the face of the Earth didn’t it?’
‘Your linguistics confuse me, but I believe the essence of your hypothesis is correct.  If you are suggesting that the city’s demise was due to an accident concerning our accessing the immense energy reserves contained in the planet’s electromagnetic field then you have surmised accurately?’
‘Ah, Earth one.  Nerds nil.’
‘Atreus, again you display the intellect I was hoping to find, but it was not through the routine access of the planet’s electromagnetic field that resulted in our calamity.  It was something far more powerful.’
‘Of course it was something more powerful and that’s because you were involved in it weren’t you?  It was your fault.’
‘It is with regret that I have to confess, yes, the destruction of our city was due entirely to my efforts.’
‘No one likes a bragger, Jack.’
‘It was my experimentation with time-travel that caused it,’ Jack said, a hint of remorse entering the creature’s voice.  ‘To perform the experiment, I required a burst of energy of such magnitude that it had never before been attempted due to the obvious safety concerns.  However, I managed to convince the council that I could control the surge and harmlessly discharge the excess energy back into the atmosphere without danger to the city or the planet.’
‘No guesses for what happened next then.’
‘Fortunately, the experiment was a success, but unfortunately it carried the most terrible ramifications for the city.  The energy surge was in fact too great and instead of dissipating back into the atmosphere, it created a hotspot in the Earth’s electromagnetic field.  This intensification of the local energy field flooded our city with enormous quantities of power, instantly destroying everything.  Absolutely nothing remained.  Even the organic forms of my fellow species were utterly consumed by the devastation.  It could only be described in human terms as horrific.’
‘Okay, so the planet smacked you down.  Now let’s talk about the keys.  How do they tie into this time travel experiment of your’s?’
‘The keys were needed to focus the required volumes of energy into a single beam, which could then be directed at the target.’
‘You being the target, right?’
‘Correct.  Together, the two keys made the experiment possible and I cannot replicate the feat without both of them.’
‘I don’t understand.  You’re a pretty clever sort of alien.  Why don’t you just rebuild the entire set-up including building two new keys?  How hard can it be?’
‘Of course, I could rebuild the apparatus, yes, but rebuilding the keys is impossible.  The primary component of the keys was a crystalline mineral that has thus far been discovered on only one planet in our millions of years of galactic colonisation…’
‘And that planet no longer exists,’ Atreus finished, ‘as it was consumed by a black hole, many millennia ago.  This mineral came from your home world didn’t it?’
‘Again you impress me…’
‘With my enormous brain and irresistible charm.  Yes, I know,’ Atreus replied waving his hand.  ‘I’m over the flattery.’
‘Forgive me, but I am not accustomed to experiencing intelligence of this magnitude outside of my own race,’ Jack replied.
‘I can dumb-it-down for you if you want?’
‘The term escapes me.’
‘Whatever.  Let me summarise?’ Atreus said, sitting forward in his chair and gathering his thoughts.  His mind was alive now and in tune with Jack’s assertions.  Atreus had even forgotten to keep looking for ways of potentially defending himself or securing any means of escaping from the room if Jack became violent.  This was fun.
Atreus continued, ‘You’re an alien from a far away planet that was long ago consumed by a black hole.  Your race now travels the universe, colonising planets where ever you go, which is exactly what you did here on Earth, over six million years ago by establishing a relatively small scientific outpost that was used solely for scientific research.  Your research led you to successfully tap the Earth’s electromagnetic field, which in turn allowed you to create a city made up entirely of energy with no reliance on physical matter.  This ability to use the Earth’s electromagnetic field then gave you the necessary means to conduct an experiment in time-travel, which apart from successfully propelling you six million years into the future, completely obliterated your city and everyone in it.  In so doing, you lost the two irreplaceable keys that are needed for you to recreate your time-travel experiment and now you find yourself skulking around my library in the small hours, wearing your best invisible suit and pleading desperately for me to help you recover these keys, because I'm the only other intelligent life form your race has discovered in tens of millions of years of space-travel and apparently I’m also dumb enough to risk my neck to do it.  Is that about right?’
‘Yes.  A colourful summary, but a correct one.’
‘Right then,’ Atreus continued, sitting back in his chair.  ‘I have just one more question then.  Why would you want to recreate this time travel experiment when you know it will again destroy everything it leaves behind?’
‘I have learned from my mistake,’ Jack replied.  ‘I now know why the hotspot in the Earth’s electromagnetic field resulted.  I can remedy this effect by altering the dissipation network and more effectively dispersing the excess energy to render it harmless.  I assure you, any repeat of my experiment would be performed under the most stringent of safety controls.’
‘I’m sure you told everyone that the first time.’
‘Science, like life, Atreus, must evolve.  All mistakes provide an opportunity to learn.  My mistake unfortunately bore a disastrous price.’
‘Alright, let’s assume you fix your energy dissipation problems and recreate the experiment.  If the attempt is successful and no dangerous side-effects occur, what’s the threat to mankind?  Why are we all in mortal danger of your scientific magnificence?’
‘The threat does not come from me.  It comes from my commander.  He is planning to reacquire the keys, rebuild the facilities necessary to perform the experiment and then travel backwards in time to a point immediately before I perform the original experiment.  In so doing, he will warn me of the impending doom, rectify the problem using my knowledge of hindsight here in the future, and ensure the safety of the scientific outpost and our people, while also perfecting the ability to time-travel.’
Atreus nodded slowly.  ‘I see the problem,’ he said.  ‘It’s a nice plan in theory that your commander has, but it’s potentially disastrous.  If he goes backwards in time and fixes the experiment so your outpost survives, as noble as that seems, it could significantly alter the historical course of events, right up to this very second.  Humans may not become the dominant species on Earth as evolution takes an entirely different path.  We could in fact be usurped by hamsters or goldfish and I’ll be honest, that’s not necessarily a bad thing, but I don’t much fancy spending my life in a round bowl full of water or running hell bent around a plastic wheel in a cage.’
‘Your conclusion, though outlandish in detail, is correct, but more conservative than you know.’
‘I’ve been called a lot of names before, Jack, but I’ve never been called conservative.  What do you mean?’
‘My commander is a being borne of war.  His creed is supremacy via force of arms.  If there is potential for competition anywhere in the universe, he believes it should be opposed and stamped out, leaving only our race as the ultimate form of life in existence.’
‘Sounds like your boss needs to slip a couple of aspirin and have a lie down.’
‘He has recognised humans as a potential threat and committed himself and his military powers to eradicating your species.  To this end, when he arrives back at the outpost six million years prior, he will launch a campaign to slaughter and destroy your race in its evolutionary infancy.  You will not stand a chance.  This is the true threat to humankind to which I refer.  This is why I require your assistance in obtaining the keys before my commander.  This is why I am forced to apply extreme urgency to the matter.’
Atreus lowered his gaze to his folded hands.  The proposition no longer sounded like a request; it sounded like a plea for help, and for good reason.  This psychopathic commander had to be thwarted.  Primal genocide!  That was just downright nasty.  Atreus had to admit though, despite the obvious danger of being hunted by an alien megalomaniac, the request had its appeal.
How could he refuse an opportunity to recover ancient artefacts from beneath an equally ancient land and unlock one of the universe’s greatest mysteries; time-travel?  With that sort of power and knowledge he could transgress the boundaries of time and personally witness the history of humankind and life on Earth in general.  It was staggering.  It was incredible.  It was ridiculous.  What the hell was he thinking?  Aliens?  Time-travel?  Get a grip, Atreus.  Shaking his head, he cleared his mind and readdressed the vague figure seated in the chair across the table.
‘Look, Jack.  You can spin one hell of a yarn, I’ll give you that and you’d make a great science-fiction novelist, but there’s no way I’m buying any of it.  I just can’t.  First, you say a black hole consumed your planet?  Fine.  That’s within the realms of scientific possibility.  Second, you say you’re a one million year-old, immortal alien?  Thin, but okay.  I’ll give it to you, only because of your invisible long johns.  Third, you claim you can travel through time, or at least you could before you lost your keys?  Starting to get a bit shaky now, but again it’s scientifically possible, so I’ll let you off.  Fourth, Utopian cities of pure energy?  Really starting to struggle now.  Not even the great Ron L. Hubbard clued into this one.  It’s a ripper, don’t get me wrong, but I’m not going for it.  And then last of all, you need me to find two magical keys to time-travel so you can save the human race from premature extinction?  Well, that’s just a bit too far.  That one’s so far out there you’d need some good drugs and a hard-core Star Wars convention to dream it up.’
‘I can appreciate your doubts in this matter,’ Jack replied.  ‘Considering your race’s relatively primitive stage of technological advancement, all of my claims must seem too incredible to be true.  So, in deference to your incomprehension, what can I possibly offer to convince you of the validity of my claims?’
Atreus mulled over the challenge, wondering what form of evidence could possibly swing his thoughts to belief.  What on Earth could force him to accept that aliens and time-travel were real and that he now stood on the verge of unimaginable knowledge?  What on Earth indeed?  And then he had it.  Atreus produced a wide grin.  ‘There is one thing you can show me,’ he said.
‘And what would that be?’ Jack asked.
Atreus leaned forward and peered through the low lamp-light towards his extraterrestrial intruder, his eyes glimmering.  ‘Show me your spaceship.’

3.

It came from the west, crossing the coast of the far eastern Mediterranean immediately south of Tel Aviv.  It was massive and as it flew, the object momentarily blurred the starry backdrop of night sky.  The object continued to fly rapidly inland towards Jerusalem, slowing only as it verged on the ancient capital, its silent passage and the lateness of the hour hiding it from the eyes and ears of the sleeping populace.
Finally, it stopped and hovered, assuming a position directly above the most contentious hilltop in the city, if not the world, Mount Moriah.  The enormous, golden roof of Haram ash-Sharif shone dully in the starlight, the Dome of the Rock resting atop the Western Wall and rising over the nearby Church of the Holy Sepulchre, forcing a collision of three of the world’s oldest and most powerful religions.  There the object stayed, camouflaged in its transparent cocoon, waiting.
Pre-dawn morning crept over the city.  Thousands of Muslims stirred and began shuffling from their homes to the city’s scattered mosques to commence Salah, the daily ritual of worship that begins with a dawn service.
The faintest tinge of light touched the eastern horizon and the melodic mantra of the muezzins trailed across the sprawling rooftops, calling the Islamic faithful to prayer.  The eastern horizon continued to swell, until finally the rays of the sun spilled over Jordan’s East Bank Plateau, flooding the Holy Lands with warmth and energy.  The new day had dawned and once again, this most revered and coveted of cities bloomed back to life.
With the morning prayers complete, the streets again filled with Muslims. Thousands of eyes turned upwards to behold the great, golden Dome of the Rock, it’s perfectly curved surface shining like a beacon in the soft, early morning light.  The majesty of the structure humbled all who looked upon it, but their eyes failed to see all.  Still hovering over the Temple Mount, the nocturnal visitor’s enormous bulk remained hidden from view and while the object had been undetectable during the night, it was now truly invisible in the bright daylight as it waited and watched.

4.

The holy city of Jerusalem sprawled across the undulating landscape.  Dusky, stone buildings tightly packed the urban panorama with scattered cypresses and palms providing sporadic splashes of green.  The skyline displayed an eclectic array of architecture unrivalled by many cities elsewhere in the world.  Icons of the world’s three great faiths, the Holy Cross, the Star of David and the crescent moon all competed for recognition amongst the sea of religious pluralism, while modern high-rise apartment buildings and office blocks jostled among them.
Atreus Knight stood at the railing of the rooftop garden, marvelling at the view.  Every time he saw the holy city spread before him, he wallowed in awe.  Panning his gaze across the panorama, his eyes took in the dominating feature of the vista, the great, golden hemisphere of the Dome of the Rock.  Its massive, gleaming rooftop rose imperiously above the city, commanding attention and pious respect from both believers and heathens alike.  The structure marked one of the most sacred of sites for over three and a half billion people scattered across every continent in the world and was perhaps one of the most recognisable structures civilisation had ever known.  A tingle cascaded down Atreus’ spine.
Jerusalem never failed to humble him, more so than anywhere else on Earth, except now, everything was different.  Last night’s encounter with Jack had seen to that.  Humanity had always seemed so robust, so undeniably strong that nothing could kill it, not even itself, but now there was something else.  Aliens were real, and they were far from friendly.  The human race stood on the verge of a terrible fate that beggared belief and he knew of only one other person on the planet who could help him.
After Jack had left him last night, Atreus had arranged for his private jet to collect him at Proserpine Airport and fly him to Jerusalem via the most direct route.  He now stood here prepared to plead his case to the only other person who shared his passion for archaeology as deeply as he did and was probably more formally qualified than anyone else in the field.  The only problem was, he and Atreus did not get along so well and their meetings were never as amicable as they perhaps should be.
Releasing his gaze from the view, Atreus turned around to address the man he had come to coerce aid from and looked into a face identical to his own except for one feature.  Where Atreus had piercing green eyes, this man of exactly the same appearance and proportions had striking blue eyes.  Atreus took a deep breath and exhaled loudly.  This was not going to be easy.  He now had to convince his twin brother that aliens were real and that only the two of them could save the human race from prehistoric annihilation.

5.

High above the gleaming cupola of the Dome of the Rock, Jack watched Atreus turn away from the railing to face his sibling.  After last night’s meeting with Atreus in the man’s home, Jack had travelled in his spaceship to Jerusalem, where he was now able to witness Atreus commence his quest to recover the keys to time-travel.  Their meeting last night had been brief, but worthy.  Atreus was undoubtedly the correct person for this task.  The man’s intellect was immensely powerful and his personality endearingly potent and much to Jack’s surprise, he had a twin brother, who could only prove to be enormously valuable in the quest.  This was much better than expected, but the plan was not flawless.  Pride could be as equally dangerous as carelessness; a lesson he had learnt the hard way six million years ago.
For this reason, Jack had engineered a back-up plan.  Moving across the cavernous bridge of the spaceship, he turned away from the Knight brothers and trained his telescopic eyesight on another group of humans on the other side of the city.  These creatures huddled around the rear of a truck containing a covered payload, negotiating the price of the vehicles’ contents.  A short, stocky individual with tight, black curls argued with a much fatter, swarthier man.  After a brief exchange of words, the short, curly-haired man shook his head and gesticulated angrily before storming off to another vehicle nearby, in which sat a more elderly, gaunt male.  The older man listened to the short, curly-haired man and then supplied a curt nod.  Stomping back to the truck, the short, curly-haired man agreed to the proffered price at which point he and the swarthy man shook hands.
The two men then moved to the back of the truck and together threw clear the cover of the payload.  The revealed cache of weapons gleamed dull black and silver in the morning sun.  The short, curly-haired man stepped up and greedily eyed the deadly stash; the gaunt, elderly man exiting from the nearby vehicle to look for himself.  Jack took particular note of the older man’s cool, calculated approach.  Despite his greater years, the older man clearly possessed both physical and mental strength beyond that of the average human his age.  Jack knew he had made the right choice for his back-up plan.
Atreus Knight would soon find the keys, no doubt about that, but Jack did not trust him to hand them over.  Sooner or later, Atreus’ intelligence would pierce Jack’s façade and Atreus would turn against him.  That is why Jack had employed this older man to aid him.  Fortunately, the older man treasured money and power immeasurably more than the life of others.  Plus, the man had assured him that whether it was necessary or not, he would have absolutely no qualms about killing both Atreus and his brother.

6.

Patroclus Knight watched Atreus turn away from the railing to survey their surrounds on the penthouse patio.  Ochre-coloured pots containing blooms of marigolds, zinnias and periwinkles lay strategically placed around the wide, tiled space.  An assortment of bleached amphoras hung tied to pegs on the walls and Patroclus himself lay reclined across an expansive wooden daybed with a sumptuous pile of brightly dyed, woollen cushions beneath him.  Overhead, a fluttering cover of white sheets protected them from the afternoon sun.  It was the lazy part of the day, but Patroclus knew this meeting would be anything but lazy.
As Atreus moved to a bench in the shade, Patroclus wondered yet again how he and Atreus, as identical twins, had wound up leading such different lives.  While, Patroclus had chosen to take up permanent employment at the end of university, Atreus had diligently evaded work his entire life, claiming his most effective contribution to humanity would be as an observer of the world’s great experiences rather than contributing to the world itself in any constructive way.  This had led to Atreus spending his entire adult life roaming about the planet on a never-ending sightseeing and adventure safari.  Patroclus had never understood this apathy and it had proven to be the catalyst of many long-running disagreements between them.
Patroclus sighed.  ‘Come now, Trey.  Stop teasing me,’ he said in a sturdy, British accent.  ‘What brings you rushing all the way from your tropical island to accost me here in the Holy Lands?  It must be dreadfully important to have forced you to travel all this way and through the night?’
‘Just brotherly love, Pat,’ Atreus replied, shrugging.  ‘I couldn’t stand being apart from you for another second.’
‘Flippant as always,’ Patroclus said shaking his head.  ‘At least you’re dependable in character.’
‘If I said something sensible, you’d know I was just pulling your leg.’
‘Enough with your vulgar antipodean mannerisms.  They grate on me.  I still don’t understand why you insist on living so far away from home anyway.’
‘Home?’ Atreus returned, raising both eyebrows.  ‘When you say home do you mean that big empty house stuck in the middle of rainy old England, which by the way, you visit less frequently than I do.’
‘Some of us have chosen to take up a paying occupation.’
‘That’s fine with me, mate, but you spend more time here in Jerusalem than at home, so don’t give me any grief about taking up Australian residency besides, the Whitsunday Islands are a damn-sight more pleasant than the Old Dart on its best day.’
Patroclus turned away and glowered.  Atreus dipped his head.  A silence ensued.
The everyday babble of Jerusalem spilled over the railing.
‘So,’ Atreus said at last, breaking the silence in as amicable a tone as possible, ‘now that we’ve dispensed with the pleasantries, should we get on with it?’
‘Please, do,’ Patroclus replied, returning his attention to his brother.  ‘What fantastic charade have you dreamed up now to occupy your listless mind and further whittle away our parents’ hard-earned fortune?’
Atreus’ face melted into a grin.  ‘You really can’t help yourself, can you, Pat?’ he said.  ‘Every time I see you, you always have to have a go at me about not being the bread winner in the family.  It’s not my fault mum and dad willed every last penny of their obscene fortune to their ill-deserving sons, so stop blaming me for it.’
‘Quite, but I ask you again, perhaps for the hundredth time, what have you done with this financial prosperity?  What have our parents’ collective lifetimes of toil and grind gained in respect to their cavalier son?’
‘Pat, you chose a life of academic splendour, pursuing the great archaeological mysteries of the world.  I, on the other hand, simply chose life and the splendour which comes with it.’
‘How profound!’ Patroclus cried, raising both open hands to the sky.  ‘That is quite possibly the most romantic description of your exploits thus far and one that I certainly won’t argue against, but let me phrase it another way?  What words will you use on your deathbed to portray your current incarnation, apart from the furthering of your own place on the Earth?  What of humankind’s position?  How have you contributed to the greater cause?’
Atreus resented this all too familiar attack from his own brother, mainly because Atreus had in fact devoted his life to the furthering of archaeology and in the process discovered some of the most remarkable ancient artefacts and locales in the last thirty years.  However, Patroclus consistently overlooked this dedication to “the greater cause”, simply because Atreus wasn’t earning a steady pay check.  To Patroclus, there were few things nobler than merely holding down a job.
‘The greater cause is doing just fine without me,’ Atreus replied, ‘and it doesn’t need another member of the Knight family blowing his trumpet on the world stage, besides if it weren’t for me, mum and dad’s money would never get spent.  I’ve always said you should stick to what you’re good at and for you that’s academia.  For me, it’s really not much at all.’
The cheap attempt at elusion hit a brick wall.  Patroclus dipped his head and shook it.  ‘I love you, Atreus, and you know I would do anything for you, but still you confound me with your lack of commitment.  You are quite possibly blessed with one of the most gifted minds on the planet, but you fail to see what good your talent can achieve.  It’s a terrible waste and one that frustrates me no end.  If anyone else possessed a photographic memory…’
‘Eidetic recall,’ Atreus interrupted.  ‘How many times do I have to tell you there’s no such thing as a photographic memory?  It’s called Eidetic Recall.’
‘Call it what you will.  It’s wasted on you.’
Atreus knew his brother’s words to be true.  He did possess an exceptional talent, but he had seen too many times how manipulation of talent could cause indescribable harm.  He refused to let that curse befall himself.  It was unfortunate that his brother could not accept this perspective.
‘Okay.  Okay,’ Atreus relented.  ‘I’d love to stay and squabble, but I really do have something important to talk to you about, so can we get on with it?’
Patroclus eyed-off his brother and then nodded.
‘Good,’ Atreus said emphatically.  ‘What I came to…’
‘Do you think we can adjourn at two?’ Patroclus interrupted.  ‘I’m giving a presentation on the Dead Sea Scrolls at the Rockefeller Museum tonight, the ones you found by the way, and I need a little preparation time beforehand.’
‘Forget the scrolls, Pat.  What I’m about to tell you will make those crusty old bits of parchment seem pretty mundane in comparison.’
Patroclus glanced sideways at his brother.  ‘The Dead Sea Scrolls are a cornerstone of Middle Eastern anthropological academia,’ he replied evenly, ‘and I don’t appreciate…’
‘Appreciate whatever you want,’ Atreus cut-back, ‘but I guarantee you’ll be singing a different tune by the time I’m done talking.’
Patroclus mused over his brother’s audacious statement.  ‘In that case,’ he finally said, ‘please, regale me with your latest fantasy and I look forward to hearing how it will relegate some of the world’s greatest relics into nondescript obscurity.’
Atreus returned Patroclus’ stare.  ‘Fine, but I’ve got to tell you up front that even though I don’t expect you to believe much of this, if you don’t take me seriously, everyone on this planet could very well be doomed.’

*          *          *

On the other side of Jerusalem, with business concluded and the weapons transferred to their own vehicle, the gaunt, elderly man and his short, curly-haired associate drove off towards the city.
‘Has your sentry checked in yet, Enzo?’ the older man asked in a regal British tone.
The short, curly-haired man grunted and retrieved his mobile phone before dialling a number.  When it answered he spoke into the handset with a rich Italian accent.  ‘Are you in position?’
‘I followed him from the airport to here,’ returned a voice.  ‘They’re still upstairs talking.’
‘If they go anywhere, call me straight away,’ Enzo ordered.  ‘I don’t want them roaming the city without my knowing where they are and who they’re talking to.  Got it?’
‘Yes, boss.’
Enzo broke the line and in his mind, imagined the obscene riches he had been promised to complete this job.  All he had to do was wait.  Wait and then pull the trigger.

7.

‘You’re telling me this alien took you outside and showed you his spaceship?’ Patroclus asked wide-eyed.
Atreus nodded silently, his gaze fixed firmly on his brother.  Patroclus held his brother’s gaze for a moment and then looked away.
‘Stay with me, Pat,’ Atreus offered.  ‘Don’t write me off yet.’
 Patroclus continued to stare across the patio, his gaze not focused on anything.
‘Earth to Pat?’ Atreus pushed.  ‘Anybody there?’
Patroclus turned back.  ‘No,’ he said simply.
Atreus recoiled slightly.  ‘No what?’
‘No, I can’t accept it.’
Atreus frowned and then shaped his mouth to speak, but Patroclus cut in.
‘No, Trey,’ Patroclus continued, his face set hard.  ‘I can’t accept any of this.  It’s too much.’
‘What do you mean it’s too much?’ Atreus blurted out, finding his voice.  ‘I know it all sounds like something from a dodgy Buck Rogers episode, but I’m your brother.  I wouldn’t make this stuff up!’
‘You don’t have to remind me that we share a perch in the family tree,’ Patroclus countered, ‘which by the way is really causing me some grave distress right now.’
Atreus scrunched up his face.
‘What I mean is,’ Patroclus added, ‘you’re my brother and I want to believe you just on principle, because if your story is true then you’re not a certifiable loony, which probably removes me from the risk of developing some genetic-based, mental disorder too.  However, because I myself haven’t seen any evidence of this Jack fellow let alone evidence regarding his claims to be a one million year-old alien, I can’t believe you.  A fantastic story alone does not prove there is life on other planets.  I’m sorry, Trey, but that’s my position.’
Atreus was shell shocked.  His mouth gaped as he slumped forward in disbelief, all the wind taken from his lungs.  Patroclus merely shook his head once more and scrutinised his feet.  A light gust of wind caused the overhead sheets to undulate gently.  Atreus scanned the patio as he sought a solution in his mind.  There had to be something he could do or say to convince Patroclus, but what?  He got to his feet and walked back across to the railing, his brother glancing up to watch him cross the tiles.  Atreus looked out over the ancient city and absently slipped his hands into his pockets and then slowly let a smile slide across his face.  Turning back, he beamed at his brother, who looked up and flinched.
‘Oh no,’ Patroclus said quietly.  ‘I know that look.  It almost always precedes you getting me into trouble.’
Atreus didn’t answer, but instead pulled his left hand from his trousers pocket and produced a small, USB compatible memory stick and waggled it in the air.  ‘Where’s your laptop?’

*          *          *

A battered green sedan sat parked across the street from Patroclus’ apartment building, a single occupant sitting behind the steering wheel.  A cigarette lighter momentarily ignited, immediately followed by the pinpoint embers of a cigarette.  Wisps of grey-black smoke filled the interior of the vehicle as two eyes peered out from within the gloom.  Checking his watch, the man noted the time and then typed a text message into his mobile phone, which read, “Still here.  No movement yet.”  He sent the message and put the phone back in his pocket.  He then sat up and looked quickly around to see if anyone was nearby.  Seeing no one, he reached across into the glove compartment and withdrew a black hand gun.  Releasing the magazine, he checked it, reloaded it and finally cocked the weapon to chamber a round.  Placing the gun on the passenger seat beside him, he covered it with his newspaper and settled back, his gaze pinned on the entrance.

*          *          *

Patroclus returned to the daybed with his laptop and sat down on the cushions, placing the computer in front of him.  He then took the memory stick from his brother and inserted it into a port on the side of the machine.  Atreus watched eagerly from behind.  Activating the file directory, Patroclus opened the folder listed underneath the memory stick and found one item; a picture file.  ‘Is this it?’ he asked.
‘Yeah.  That’s it,’ Atreus replied.
Patroclus hovered the mouse momentarily over the file, wondering what the image portrayed.  ‘And you got this from the alien, right?’
‘Sure did,’ Atreus returned.
Patroclus continued to procrastinate, contemplating the idea of actually believing his brother’s fantastical story after opening this file and seeing its contents.  ‘What exactly is in…?’
‘Just open the picture, Pat,’ Atreus cried.  ‘It’s proof that I’m telling the truth.  It’ll probably also freak you out, but that’s a good thing in this case.  Trust me.’
Patroclus had heard those words before and not always come off unscathed, but something in Atreus’ voice tweaked his interest.  Taking a deep breath, he double-clicked the mouse and opened the file.  After a few moments, the software application opened and an image filled the screen.  Patroclus’ breath caught in his lungs.  His bottom jaw dropped and his eyes grew wide.  Atreus smiled at the response.
‘Told you so,’ he whispered into his brother’s ear.
The object depicted on the screen was hexagonal in shape and approximately the size of a regular saucer with a thickness of about five centimetres, making it possible to fit into an adult-sized palm.  Its colour was wholly golden and utterly unmarked, with the exception of the very centre, which was filled with a large, cerulean jewel.  The gemstone’s surface was cut into a concave design with a myriad of facets, all of them focusing inwards to create a sparkling well of deep, blue light that glittered amidst the golden surrounds.  The piece was exquisite in its fashion and absolutely perfect in its design and presentation; a true work of art and the most unexpected thing Patroclus could have imagined being involved in this charade.
‘You know what that is don’t you?’ Patroclus whispered, his gaze consuming the picture on the screen.
‘Uh huh,’ Atreus replied, equally as hushed.
‘Does Jack know what these artefacts represent in archaeological terms?’
‘Jack knows these objects only as his precious keys, nothing else,’ Atreus replied, moving around to return to the bench across from his brother.  ‘He has no idea of their history since he lost them six million years ago.’
‘Astonishing,’ Patroclus whispered.
‘Which is why you have to believe me, Pat,’ Atreus pushed.  ‘Jack offered up the image of this artefact without any prompting from me.  He’s a completely independent source and has no knowledge of what role this object has played in biblical events.  The picture you’re looking at is only the second image ever seen of these objects, apart from that found on the Marib Tablet.’
‘What have you stumbled on here, Trey?’ Patroclus asked in a hushed tone.
‘I told you to trust me,’ Atreus murmured.
Patroclus’ suspicions melted away as an image shimmered into his mind.  The image portrayed the union of a dark-skinned woman and a fairer-skinned man; a queen and a king, both of whom had apparently lived over three thousand years ago here in the Middle East.  The union still plagued historians today due to the lack of factual evidence surrounding it and its profound ramifications centuries later.  The controversy and mystery were further heightened by its mention in the most sacred texts of Christianity, Judaism and Islam.
Patroclus climbed off the day-bed and walked silently across to the railing.  His gaze wandered over the urban panorama of Jerusalem to find the slopes of Mount Moriah.  There, at the base of the southwestern foundation of the Temple Mount, he could see the Wailing Wall; Judaism’s most revered site as the only remaining portion of the ancient Temple of Solomon.  It was this temple that this woman had visited so very long ago, and in so doing, thrust herself into the annals of history, never to be seen again, but relentlessly sought after for ever more.
 ‘I know what you’re thinking, Pat,’ Atreus said as he stood beside his brother at the railing, knowing the direction of his sibling’s scrutiny.  ‘King Solomon of the Israelites and the Queen of Sheba.’
‘Could it be possible?’ Patroclus whispered.
‘Yes, it could,’ Atreus continued.  ‘We might just be on the verge of finding the resting places of two of history’s most enigmatic people and who would’ve thought we’d have aliens to thank for pointing us in the right direction.’
Patroclus shook his head.  ‘Hold on.  Let me get this clear.  What you’re saying, Trey is that Solomon found these keys when he was preparing Mount Moriah for construction of his temple?’
‘That’s right and we know that because the Marib Tablet depicts him and the Queen with a key each,’ Atreus replied.  ‘Solomon probably thought the keys were just an honoured gift from God above and didn’t think too much more about it, but now we know different.  The keys came from above alright, but not from God.  They came from another planet.’
Patroclus suddenly turned to face Atreus, his eyes bright and alert.  ‘Be careful, Trey.  We’re no longer just talking about confirming the existence of aliens here.  We might also be casting doubt on the basis of mankind’s three greatest monotheistic religions?’
Atreus raised his hands and shied back a little.  ‘Steady on, mate.  ‘I don’t think we need to go that far.’
‘But, if you’re suggesting in any way that Solomon’s faith was somehow misguided by the discovery of these alien artefacts then the theological basis of Christianity, Judaism and Islam may well fall under threat.’
‘Hang on.  That’s not what I’m suggesting at all.  There’s no way I’m about to question the faith of the King of the Israelites.’
‘Then what are you suggesting?’
‘What I’m suggesting is that maybe God and aliens can co-exist?’
Patroclus frowned.  ‘That still sounds perilously close to blasphemy.’
‘It’s science and before you say anything, I don’t want to get into the whole heretical argument of where religion ends and science begins.  We’re not reigniting the Spanish Inquisition here.  All I’m saying is that when Solomon found the keys up on Mount Moriah, before he built the temple, he may have inadvertently stumbled upon proof of extraterrestrial life without knowing it and that in no way affects the likelihood of the existence of God or the present-day religious beliefs of over three billion people.’
‘That seems a plausible theory to me,’ Patroclus replied warily as he turned away and walked back to the day bed, ‘but I wouldn’t go espousing it from anywhere on high for fear of being stoned to death.’
‘Fair call,’ Atreus agreed nodding, ‘but now we have another piece of evidence confirming the union of Solomon and Sheba and I bet that if we find the keys, we might just find the King and Queen as well.’
‘Don’t get your hopes up just yet,’ Patroclus countered as he nestled into the cushions once more.  ‘It might be another piece of evidence, but with regards to proving the union of Sheba and Solomon, this new revelation sits at the top of a very short list of precisely two items.  The Marib Tablet is one and the picture itself makes up the second.’
‘Not so, doubting Thomas,’ Atreus said confidently as he turned around.  ‘We have The Old Testament, 1 Kings, Chapter Ten, verses one to thirteen, The Visit of the Queen of Sheba and I quote, King Solomon gave unto the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked.’
‘Okay, point taken.  That’s three pieces of evidence, but…’
‘Then there are several mentions in the Tanakh and of course the Qur’an,’ Atreus continued, ‘and let’s not forget the Ethiopian holy book of Orthodox Christianity, the Kebra Negast, which recounts the story of Sheba and Solomon’s apparent son, Menelik the First, who founded the First Abyssinian Dynasty in Ethiopia; a line of royalty which supposedly remained unbroken until 1975.’
‘Yes, yes,’ Patroclus replied waving his hands.  ‘They’re all good references, but in truth, they are nothing but unsubstantiated stories.’
‘Where there’s smoke, Pat.’
‘True enough.  True enough,’ Patroclus agreed nodding.  ‘So, did your alien friend give any clues as to where or how we begin this quest for his keys?’
Atreus turned back to the view and beheld again the Dome of the Rock, but this time he noticed something unusual.  Squinting, he peered more closely.
‘Trey?  Did you hear me?’ Patroclus pushed.  ‘Did this Jack creature suggest where we start?’
Still Atreus did not answer.
‘Trey?’ Patroclus repeated more aggressively, getting a little annoyed at his brother’s ignorance.  ‘What are you looking at?’
‘Pat, have you ever seen a UFO?’

8.

High above Jerusalem, Jack rechecked the map on the screen, noting once again the broad electromagnetic anomaly covering the Arabian Peninsula.  The response puzzled him.  The keys were designed to focus the Earth’s natural electromagnetic field to a discrete point, thus, the map should have been displaying a sharply defined peak over Jerusalem where both keys were last known to be.  The broad, vague response spread over the map did not fill him with confidence.  Either the focusing power of the keys had deteriorated over time or the local strength of the Earth’s electromagnetic field had altered since the experiment, maybe even as a direct result of it.  Either way, Jack did not like what he saw.
Turning again to the view over the city, Jack gazed across at Patroclus’ roof top apartment, only to feel a momentary grip of panic.  Atreus Knight stood by the railing looking directly back at him.  How could that be?  The spaceship should be virtually invisible.  Atreus could not possibly see them, but it was unmistakable.  He had detected the ship’s presence above the Dome of the Rock with his fixed stare confirming it.
Jack marvelled at the man.  It was extraordinary to discover advanced intelligence in such a primitive creature.  He would make an excellent tool in finding the keys.  The quest would soon be over and when that time had come, Jack would finally achieve what no other creature in the universe had; mastery of time itself.

*          *          *

‘What in blazes are you talking about, man?’ Patroclus ranted as he folded up his laptop, stuck it under his arm and crossed from the daybed back to the railing.  ‘You know you really should be quite pleased with yourself for managing to ensnare me in this nefarious scheme of yours.  I hope you realise how much of a sacrifice I’m making by cancelling my Dead Sea Scrolls presentation?  This could jeopardise my funding for some of next year’s projects.’
‘Yeah, whatever,’ Atreus replied absently.
‘Whatever?’ Patroclus railed.  ‘You can’t just dismiss my academic…’
‘Shut up and look at the Dome,’ Atreus cut-in.
Patroclus stood open-mouthed for a moment as he controlled his temper.  Then, pressing his lips together, he turned to look at the landmark.  ‘What of it?’
‘Look at the sky above the dome and tell me what you see.’
Patroclus ascended his gaze to peer at the vacant swathe of sky immediately above the golden dome.  ‘I see blue sky and nothing else.’
‘There’s a cloud drifting in from the east.  Follow it as it passes over the space.’
Patroclus sighed, but continued to focus his attention on the indicated spot.  ‘I’m watching.’
‘Keep your eyes on the cloud.’
The cloud wafted steadily towards the dome, until it eventually encroached on the space directly over it.  Patroclus gasped.  Something strange happened.  As the cloud continued to move eastwards, it started to shimmer, as though it were passing behind a thin veil of falling water.  Its outline became hazy, but still the cloud remained clearly visible behind the unusual curtain.
‘See it?’ Atreus asked.
‘What is that?’
‘Remember how I said Jack wasn’t quite invisible, but more translucent?’
‘Yes.  You could only see him if he moved or if you looked really closely,’ Patroclus replied, still fixated on the extraordinary phenomena.
 ‘That’s right.  Well, his spaceship possesses the same visual cloaking ability.  When I went outside to see it, it was night time, so at first I couldn’t see anything, but then as my eyes adjusted, the spaceship appeared, only faintly, but it was definitely there, like a huge, floating ball of water.’
‘Just like that?’ Patroclus asked, pointing at the obscured cloud.
‘Yeah.  Just like that,’ Atreus replied warily.
‘Maybe Jack’s come to help us?’ Patroclus hypothesised brightly.  ‘This might be a good thing?’
‘Yeah, it might be,’ Atreus agreed hesitantly.
Patroclus turned to look at his brother, only to find him now staring down at the street directly below them.  ‘You don’t think it’s a good thing that Jack’s here?’
‘See that green car parked across the street?’  Atreus asked, ignoring his brother’s excitement.
Patroclus looked down.  ‘Yes.  What about it?’
‘There’s a man sitting in the driver’s seat.  I saw him in there when I first came into the building over two hours ago.  He was smoking a cigarette then and from what I can see, he’s still just sitting in there smoking.’
‘What concern is that,’ Patroclus said shrugging.  ‘There must be at least two or three hundred people living in this building and another two or three hundred in the one across the street.  He could be waiting for anyone.’
‘Not just anyone,’ Atreus argued.  ‘I suspect he’s waiting for us.’
‘Don’t be so paranoid, Trey.  Not everyone’s out to get you.’
Atreus broke his gaze from the street and turned sharply to face his brother.  ‘Look, Pat,’ he started urgently, ‘I’ll be honest with you.  I trust Jack about as much as I can see him.  There’s something…wrong, about him.’
Patroclus’ eyes narrowed.  ‘What do you mean wrong?’
‘He sounded too much like a politician.  It was difficult trying to get a straight answer out of him whenever I asked a question.’
‘And it’s only now, after you’ve convinced me to take part in this charade that you illicit these misgivings?’ Patroclus said sourly.  ‘Thank you very much.  By the way, you still haven’t told me how or where we are meant to begin this quest.’
‘We start by visiting an old friend right here in Jerusalem, who has an old clay tablet,’ Atreus replied, returning his gaze to the green sedan below.
‘And what about our potential miscreant downstairs?’ Patroclus queried, flicking his head towards the railing.  ‘How do we slip past him?’
‘Is there a back way out of here?’
‘Unfortunately, not.’
‘Well, then,’ Atreus said sharply, straightening up and facing his brother, ‘we’ll just have to run the gauntlet.’
Patroclus groaned and slumped against the railing.  ‘Why do I ever listen to you?’
Atreus clapped his brother on the shoulder, causing him to start.  ‘Come on, Pat?’ he said brightly.  ‘Look on the bright side.  Not only do we get a chance to make history, but it might actually be fun too.’

9.

Enzo snatched his vibrating mobile phone from his shirt pocket and noted the name and number on the screen.  Opening the text message he read, “Targets are moving.  Am following behind.  Will call when know more.”
He grunted and turned back to the bar to pick up his waiting shot of Sambuca.  Holding it in his hand, he slowly turned the little glass, watching the light refract through the thick, syrupy liquid, his imagination let loose upon how he was going to spend all his hard earned money upon finishing this piece of business.
‘I hope you aren’t going to drink that?’ sounded the gaunt, elderly man’s voice as he walked up from behind to stand next to Enzo at the bar.  ‘We have work to do and inebriation is not going to get you paid.’
Enzo immediately stopped spinning the glass and cast a sideways glance at his employer.  He then slowly put the shot down on the bar and said, ‘No, I guess not.’
‘That goes for your little band of merry henchmen too,’ the elderly man followed on.
Enzo pulled a face and then looked across the room to where his crew were loudly enjoying a football match on the television.  Several half empty beer bottles stood scattered across the table in front of them.
‘No more booze!’ he yelled.  ‘Not till the job is done!’
The men returned Enzo’s stare and ceased their carousing, surly looks twisting their faces.
‘Was that your man on reconnaissance that sent you a message?’ the elderly man asked.
‘Yes,’ Enzo gruffly replied, while staring down at his forsaken shot.  ‘The targets are moving.  He will let me know where they are when they get there.’
‘No, he won’t.  He will tell you where they are right now and we will start moving to meet them there, where ever “there” is.  I am not going to waste time in some filthy bar while our targets get further away.  Do you understand?’
Enzo held his gaze away from the elderly man, his top lip slightly curling.  ‘Yes,’ he mumbled.
‘Good.  Then call him back and let’s get going,’ the elderly man curtly said and then stepped away from the bar to walk past Enzo’s crew and out the door.  As he passed the men, they all slid dark gazes his way.
Enzo sat quietly for a few moments longer, pondering whether to throw his Sambuca shot down his neck or do as he was told.  Abruptly he stood up, threw a fistful of shekels onto the counter and walked towards the door, the shot glass left untouched.  As he passed the table, he spat out, ‘Get up!  We’ve got work to do!’
The faces of the five men instantly hardened as they stood up and silently filed out the door behind Enzo.

*          *          *

The sleek, frost-blue XK Jaguar roared around the Volkswagen Beetle and powered ahead.  Once in front, Patroclus jerked the luxury car back onto the right-hand side of the road and checked his rear view mirror.
‘Is he still behind us?’ Atreus asked from the front passenger seat.
‘I can’t see him,’ Patroclus replied.  ‘No, wait!’
Atreus spun to look through the rear windscreen.  A battered green sedan lurched into view behind them, overtaking the Volkswagen and lumbering as fast it could to keep pace.
‘Blast.  He’s still there,’ Patroclus growled as he pushed the Jaguar a little faster.
‘Do what you can, Pat.  We need to lose this joker before he finds out where we’re headed.’
‘But who is he?’
‘I don’t know,’ Atreus replied, bracing himself a little more firmly in his seat.  ‘Have you pissed anybody off lately?’
‘Me?’ Patroclus cried incredulously.  ‘More like you!  Interpol aren’t after you again are they?’
‘Hey, that’s not fair.  That was a misunderstanding and you know it.  I kept telling them that Egyptian Pharaoh’s mask was a replica, but no, they wouldn’t listen to me.  They needed an expert opinion and lo and behold, they call you in.’
‘I don’t think it was the fact the mask was a replica that annoyed them.  It was the fact you bought it from a known antiquities smuggler that landed you in jail.’
‘Come on.  I bought it off Marty Edgars who we both went to school with.  How was I supposed to know Interpol had been chasing him for the last two years?’
‘I told you when we were twelve that Martin was trouble, but you never listen to me do you?  When you do listen to me, we get out of trouble, but when I listen to you...well, look where we are now.’
‘Relax, Pat.  We’re safe as...’ Atreus started, but was rudely cut-off when he was thrown sideways in his seat as Patroclus swerved the car around an elderly gentleman on a bicycle.
‘I beg your pardon?’ Patroclus asked, straightening the Jaguar.
Atreus moaned as he peeled himself off the side window.
‘You were going to say something,’ Patroclus pushed.
‘I was?  I can’t remember.  Your Michael Schumacher impersonation must have distracted...look out!’ Atreus called.
Patroclus reefed the steering wheel to the left again as a mother and her little girl made to step off the kerb in front of them.  The Jaguar skittered to the left, the tyres screeching.  Atreus wrenched himself round to see the two pedestrians cowering on the kerb, only to have the green sedan plough past them at an equally dangerous rate of knots.
‘Geez, Pat,’ Atreus cried.  ‘You couldn’t have cut that any...’
The Jaguar suddenly bumped upwards as it crested a small rise.  Atreus momentarily lifted off his seat and banged his head on the padded roof of the cabin.  Slumping back into his seat, he felt his stomach lurch as gravity pummelled him.  Opening his eyes, he rubbed the top of his head and clawed his way back into a sitting position, reaffirming his grip on anything remotely stable around him.
‘Hold on,’ Patroclus quipped.
Atreus glanced sidelong at his brother, wondering where this burst of adolescent enthusiasm had sprung from.  ‘No problem, Fangio, but you could’ve at least told me about your personality transplant?’
‘I beg your pardon?’
‘Forget it.  Hey, have you heard anything about Amherst lately?’
‘No,’ Patroclus replied shaking his head, ‘but I did find some things out about the Lancea Longini.’
‘The Lance of Longinus,’ Atreus translated.  ‘The Spear of Destiny that pierced Jesus’ side as he hung nailed to the cross.’
‘Yes, well, it seems there is some credibility to it being in Tanzania after all,’ Patroclus added.
‘But I thought it was in the Vatican?’
‘That’s one claim, but I received a tip from a reliable source that placed it on a ship bound for east Africa in the early fifties as part of a rather wealthy estate belonging to an ex-Nazi general.  The general was relocating to escape prosecution for war crimes at the time.’
‘Well, we always thought Mum and Dad had an ulterior motive for being in Tanzania other than taking us on safari.  Now all we have to do is find some concrete evidence that Amherst was in Tanzania at the same time looking for the lance and if we can prove that, then linking him to Mum and Dad’s murder should be pretty easy.’
‘Yes, indeed,’ Patroclus replied more seriously, his eyes setting a little harder.
‘Every time we think we’ve got a reliable witness,’ Atreus continued, ‘they wind up either missing in action or just plain dead.  Amherst’s got it stitched up tight and I can’t wait for the day that we nail him once and for all.’
Patroclus did not reply.  Instead he gripped the steering wheel a little tighter and held himself rigid in his seat.  Atreus recognised the tension, his brother’s reaction reinforcing his opinion that Patroclus was the only man in the world who hated Lord Frederick James Amherst even more than he did.
The Jaguar lurched around a sharp curve.  Atreus held on.
‘Is he still behind us?’ Patroclus asked tersely.
Atreus swivelled his gaze from the windscreen to the rear window of the Jaguar, searching the street behind for their pursuer.  After a few seconds, a battered green sedan hurtled out onto the road from around the corner from which they themselves had just emerged.
‘Still there,’ Atreus replied.
‘Damn!  We’ll have to go to Plan B,’ Patroclus said.
Atreus’ head whipped round.  ‘There’s a Plan B?’
‘Hold on.’
Atreus glued himself to his seat and the dashboard, daring a sideways glance at his brother who, without slowing the car’s speed, reached down and pulled the handbrake sharply, hauling the steering wheel down to the right at the same time.  The momentum of the car shifted all the weight onto the two outside wheels.  Atreus felt the left-hand side of the vehicle sink downwards as the right hand side attempted to flip the entire car over on to its roof.  A screech of tyres and the smell of burning rubber filled his senses.
To the Jaguar’s credit, it kept its line and all four wheels on the ground as it hugged the corner.  Once around the bend, Atreus pried himself off the left side of the cabin, his eyes wide and his mouth speechless.
‘Don’t look so shocked,’ Patroclus said.  ‘If you’re going to own a Jaguar you should at least know how to do it justice.’
‘And here I was thinking you didn’t even know how to find fourth gear!’ Atreus remarked.  ‘You really have had a personality transplant!’
‘Don’t congratulate me yet.  He’s still behind us.’
No sooner had the words passed his lips and Patroclus again pulled savagely on the steering wheel.  This time the car swung precipitously to the left, Atreus’ seatbelt the only thing preventing him from being juxtaposed across the interior of the car to land in his brother’s lap.  The Jaguar had just enough time to right itself before Patroclus careened into another wild cornering procedure.  Two more equally ferocious turns ensued in quick succession as Patroclus attempted to confuse their pursuer in the maze of inner city streets.
As soon as the Jaguar held a straight line for more than a few seconds, Atreus reconfigured his body back into normal shape.  Patroclus looked eagerly in the rear view mirror for any sign of the green sedan.  ‘Can you see him?’
‘Hold on while I put my eyeballs back in,’ Atreus said, a broad grin plastered across his face.
‘Come on.  This is serious.’
‘I’ll say it is,’ Atreus replied as he turned around to look for their follower.  ‘You might have finally had that stick removed from your...’
‘Is he there or not?’
Atreus searched the street behind for any indication of their pursuer, but after a few seconds, failed to find him.  ‘Nope.  I think he’s gone!’
‘Good.  Maybe now we can finish this trip in peace.’
‘And just when it was getting fun,’ Atreus remarked.

*          *          *
	
Jack watched with increasing interest as the car chase livened up through the narrow streets of the inner city.  The driver of the first car was clearly an expert in handling his higher performance vehicle than the driver of the green car and it ultimately came as no surprise that the Knights evaded their pursuer to leave the green car circling aimlessly through the closely lined, city blocks.
The failure did not perturb Jack.  He could see perfectly well where the Knights were going.  Dismissing the green car, Jack instead followed the progress of the Knights all the way to their destination.  Once they had arrived, he produced his own mobile phone from beneath his garments and again considered the device; so primitive, but fortunately effective.
By merely looking at the phone, he used his mental powers to telekinetically depress the buttons and type a text message.  When finished, the screen held the exact location of the Knight’s new position.  Pressing the send button, the message streaked down into the city and arrived at Enzo’s mobile phone.  The chase had resumed.

10.

Atreus stood behind Patroclus on the doorstep of a large walled house.  They had arrived at their destination without any further grief and were now waiting for the doorbell to be answered.  A few moments later, the lock clicked and the door swung open.  Inside the threshold stood a man of medium height, somewhere in his late fifties and carrying a comfortable paunch.  His balding pate sported a thin fringe of white hair, which matched his equally white, yet considerably bushier eyebrows.  His peering eyes squinted at first, but lit up as soon as he recognised his two visitors.
‘Well, I’ll be!’ he exclaimed in a well-to-do Afrikaans accent.   ‘If it isn’t the Knight brothers and they’re not squabbling with each other!’
‘Winston,’ Patroclus said as he firmly shook hands with the older man.  ‘It is indeed good to see you again, old friend.’
‘Indeed it is, Patroclus,’ Winston returned, ‘and it’s nice of you to bring your brother with you.’
Patroclus stepped aside to allow Atreus to move forward and grasp Winston’s hand.
‘How you going, you old bugger?’ Atreus said.
‘Better now that you’re both here,’ Winston replied.  ‘Come inside and give me an excuse to crack another bottle of old Pulteney.’
‘No complaints here, old man,’ Atreus assented as he stepped past Winston and through the door with Patroclus following behind.
A few minutes later, the three men had moved into an expansive sitting room replete with hanging tapestries and a huge stone fireplace.  Winston immediately moved across to a sideboard and began pouring drinks.  Patroclus merely stood in the centre of the room and gaped at the extraordinary array of priceless antiques and archaeological relics on display.  Glass cabinets stood against every oak-panelled wall in the room, each of them filled with a dazzling collection of trinkets and jewellery.  Life-size marble statues and carvings nestled neatly into the spaces between the cabinets, while granite and basalt busts of Greek and Roman gods and emperors sat atop matching columns.
‘I’d forgotten what an extravagant magpie you are,’ Atreus commented as he stepped right up to a bronze reproduction of Augustus Caesar resting on a shelf and looked it directly in the eye.
‘Everyone has a vice, Atreus,’ Winston replied over his shoulder.  ‘Mine just happens to be insanely expensive.’
‘Insane is right, you crazy old fool,’ Atreus said, turning away from the sculpture and crossing to a leather couch.  ‘How long has it been? Two, three years?’
‘Five actually,’ replied Winston as he picked up two crystal tumblers of whiskey and walked over to Atreus to hand him one.  ‘We haven’t shared a drink since we returned from that ill-fated expedition into Cambodia.  I wonder if anyone ever did find that Khmer citadel?’
‘I doubt it,’ Atreus replied chuckling.  ‘The only things left in that jungle are mosquitoes and land mines, both of which nearly killed us.’
‘Yes, quite right,’ Winston agreed as he took the still gawping Patroclus’ hand and placed the second tumbler in it.  He then returned to the sideboard and retrieved a tumbler of his own before seating himself opposite Atreus in a voluminous leather chair that more closely resembled a throne.  ‘Anyway, it is good to see you both again.  You boys never visit me in my dotage.  Anyone would think you’ve got no time for your elders the way you swan about the world.’
‘Steady on, mate.  You’ve done your fair share of swanning too,’ Atreus said, arching an eyebrow.  ‘You didn’t buy all these knick-knacks on eBay.’
‘True, but I’m too old now to go on adventures and dig for buried treasure.  That’s your forte.  I, unfortunately have to resign myself to armchair discoveries over the internet or at dreary auction houses.’
‘You’re as priceless as any of this stuff, Winston,’ Atreus said, waving his hand around the room, ‘and you’ve been a good friend to us.’
‘And why do I now get the feeling this is not a social call just to catch up on old times?’ Winston added.
‘See, Pat?  He’s still got it, the old dog,’ Atreus said over his shoulder to his stupefied brother.  ‘Sharp as a tack.  Foiled already.’
‘Experience and cunning always beats youthful exuberance, young man,’ Winston said, raising his glass.  ‘Now ask your brother to sit down before he drools over my Persian carpet and spoils it.’
‘Pat, Ps and Qs,’ Atreus barked, instantly reviving his brother from his reverie.  ‘Sit!’
‘Ummm, yes, of course,’ Patroclus mumbled as he sat down on a matching leather sofa adjacent to Atreus’.  ‘Cheers, old chap.  Here’s to your health,’ he added, clumsily tilting his tumbler towards Winston before taking a sip of the golden liquor.
‘Yes, cheers,’ Atreus joined in, raising his own glass.
‘Thank you,’ Winston accepted.  ‘Now tell me, boys, what brings you both slumming to my door?’
Patroclus ostentatiously turned to face Atreus, deliberately shifting Winston’s attention.
‘Right, so...’ Atreus started, but faltered, looking sheepishly down into his drink.
‘Don’t tell me Interpol are after you again?’ Winston asked.
Atreus’ head shot up.  ‘How do you know about…?’
‘I’m an old man with many contacts.’
‘Hmm, okay, but no, Interpol aren’t after me again,’ Atreus objected.  ‘This time it’s strictly legit, but it is pretty hush, hush, so we can’t tell you absolutely everything, okay?’
‘Whatever you say.’
‘Good,’ Atreus continued.  ‘What I can tell you, though, is that we’d like to see one of your pieces and hear what you’ve got to say on its origin and significance.’
‘And what piece would that be?’
Atreus flicked a glance at Patroclus before saying, ‘The Marib Tablet.’
Winston’s face set a little firmer.  Lowering his chin ever so slightly, he eyed Atreus from beneath his furrowed brow.  ‘Why?’
‘Let’s just say it may be the only clue known to man that can help us.’
‘Is it still safe for me to assume that you and Patroclus are the only people who know I have it in my possession?’
‘Of course, mate.  We wouldn’t rat on you, you know that.’
Winston scrutinised Atreus a moment longer before redirecting his piercing gaze across to Patroclus who vigorously nodded in return.
‘Okay, but I if can’t ask what this is about,’ Winston continued, ‘then will you at least tell me what you can?’
‘Of course we will,’ Patroclus quickly agreed.  ‘Trey, explain yourself.’
Winston’s head slowly swivelled to face Atreus, who instead of shrivelling beneath the withering gaze, held it before speaking, ‘Before I go any further, I think you better get yourself another drink.’

*          *          *

Enzo finished reading the instructions on his phone and put it away.  He then stepped out from the passenger seat of the black van and slid open the side door.  Inside sat the four members of his crew.
‘Marco?  Tito?  Go and scope the place,’ he ordered
Marco climbed out of the van and ensured the safety switch of his handgun was securely on.  He then slipped it into the back of his trousers beneath his shirt.  Behind him, the chassis of the van bounced and lurched on its suspension.  A few moments later, a huge bulk carefully extricated itself from the vehicle and set down on the footpath.  Tito straightened to his full height of almost seven feet and towered over Marco.
Enzo lifted his chin and looked upwards at the giant.  ‘Be back in fifteen minutes,’ he ordered, jerking a thumb down the street.  Enzo then leant into the van and said, ‘The rest of you lot check your kit and go over Marco and Tito’s as well.  We move in twenty minutes.’
Marco and Tito hurriedly set off down the footpath.  Enzo watched them go, knowing that his ticket to an early and immeasurably prosperous retirement lay literally just around the corner.  He just hoped he didn’t have to kill too many people to get to it, but if he did, so be it.

*          *          *

‘What do we do if Winston can’t help us?’ Patroclus asked.
The Knight brothers had been left alone in the sitting room while Winston retrieved the precious Marib Tablet from his stronghold deep within the foundations of the building.  Winston had requested they not accompany him into the depths for security reasons following Atreus’ divulging of their spirited journey across town.  Neither brother had argued.
‘What’s that?’ Atreus asked as he poked around the mantel piece.
‘I said what do we do if Winston is unable to help us?’ Patroclus repeated from his seat on the couch.
‘Get drunk and wait for the world to end.’
‘Be serious for at least one moment in your life, Trey.’
‘I am serious.  That tablet and Winston’s knowledge of its meaning are probably the only things that can help us find these keys and if Winston turns up nothing, then you and I and the monkeys of the prehistoric African Rift System can kiss our backsides goodbye.’
‘What about taking a long shot and trying to gain access to the substructure of the Temple Mount,’ Patroclus continued.  ‘Some conspiracy theories claim there’s a network of subterranean passageways beneath the mountain and that these tunnels are in fact remnants of the original Temple of Solomon.  The keys may still be inside.  Some theories also suggest these chambers may still house the Ark of the Covenant.’
‘You’re starting to think like me now,’ Atreus said as he leaned in to more closely scrutinise a small, red statuette on the mantel piece.
‘Sit down, Atreus and stop poking around the man’s belongings.  It’s not polite.’
‘This stuff is awesome,’ Atreus replied abstractly.  ‘I think this is an icon of the Mayan feathered serpent, Quatzequatel?  It must be worth a fortune.’
‘Yes, it is, my boy,’ sounded Winston’s voice as he re-entered the room carrying in both hands a wooden box, richly stained a deep burgundy colour.  ‘That icon was discovered in the very heart of the Pyramid of the Sun in Teotihuacán in Mexico.  It cost me a pretty penny when I acquired it several years ago, but I can assure you that now it is priceless.  Feast your eyes, but please, forget that you ever saw it here.’
‘One day, Winston, you old Jackal,’ Atreus said as he moved away from the fireplace to stand in front of their host, ‘I’m going to get into your vault and find out exactly what you’ve got stashed down there.  It wouldn’t surprise me if you had the Archangel Gabriel himself chained up inside.’
‘Even if I did have Gabriel, he wouldn’t be as valuable to me as this little gift from heaven,’ Winston replied, handing the box over to Atreus, who accepted it as carefully as receiving a new-born baby.  ‘Please, be fervently careful with it.’
Atreus bowed slightly and then returned to his seat on the couch.  With the box resting safely on his knees, he lifted the lid clear and froze, his face glazing over.  Patroclus failed to resist the temptation and scuttled around behind the couch to look as well, instantly becoming as spellbound as his brother.
The room descended into silence as Winston stood forgotten in the centre of the carpet, contentedly appreciative of his guests’ admiration.  Turning away from them, he resumed his repose in the expansive leather chair and picked up his discarded tumbler of whiskey from the table beside him.  Swirling the coloured liquid, he envisioned the item in the box and recalled every detail as if he himself had created it.
The tablet was approximately the length and breadth of an A4 piece of paper, as thick as a brick and crafted out of fine-grained, ochre-coloured sandstone.  Painted on the tablet were two human figures, one Caucasian male and one black female, their robes and features reproduced in exquisite detail.  The man stood proudly in front of a golden throne with a slight aura surrounding his majestic form.  Above and behind the throne appeared the forms of small birds and small animals, as though they followed the man in obedience and will.  The woman bowed in supplication before the man, one leg in front of the other, the pose allowing a clear view of the woman’s deformed left foot, which more resembled a horse’s hoof than a human appendage.  Both the woman and the man held out their right hands with each of their extended palms filled with identical, golden and blue-jewelled objects; the two keys to time.  The painting carried beneath it a line of text in an ancient font.
‘Pat, you’re the professor,’ Atreus said quietly.  ‘Tell me what that says underneath.’
‘It’s Sabaean,’ Patroclus replied in an equally subdued tone, ‘and it says, the union of Solomon and Bilqis.’
‘Bilqis being?’
‘Bilqis is the Arabic name for Sheba.’
‘And the fact that they’re both holding keys means we’re on the money.’
‘I guess it does,’ Patroclus agreed.
‘So, boys,’ Winston started, ‘now that you’ve feasted your eyes upon my most prized treasure once again, has it helped you?’
‘Well, it’s reminded us that the Queen of Sheba was actually black and not white as a lot of people prefer to think,’ Patroclus said as he straightened up.
‘And you, Atreus?’ Winston pushed.
Atreus’ head snapped up.  ‘Tell me again how you got this thing.’
‘Ah, a tale I never get to tell, but love telling all the same,’ Winston started.  ‘Several years ago I decided to travel to Yemen, back when it was still the Wild West of Arabia.  I’d read so much about Doctor Wendell Phillips’ remarkable discoveries of Sabaean temples in Marib that I just had to see these things for myself.   The fact that Marib was purported to be a possible site of the Queen of Sheba’s palace added to the adventure.  However, no sooner had I arrived and my guide and I were kidnapped by the local warlord, who demanded a rather healthy ransom be paid for our freedom.  This was a little inconvenient to begin with, but as it turned out, the warlord proved to be a rather hospitable host and after I agreed to pay the ransom, which my insurance company covered anyway, he showed us a good time.  He fed us well, indulged us in the local custom and was never short of a good story to tell around the fire at night, not to mention that he was apparently quite well off into the bargain.  Something about oil shares.  Anyway, one night after a lengthy debate about the merits of the US stock exchange, we got to talking about the temple ruins in Marib and he then produced the tablet.  Obviously, I was smitten and he immediately realised there was an opportunity to make some money, so the negotiations began.  In the end I prevailed by promising to raise the ransom money to somewhere in the vicinity of the Queen of England’s annual bursary and on top of that, I had to partake in a bout of marksmanship with the warlord’s youngest son.’
‘That wouldn’t have been much of a challenge,’ Patroclus remarked as he moved back around to his seat on the couch.  ‘You’re an excellent marksman.’
‘It wasn’t what you would call a regulation challenge.  In the spirit of William Tell, we had to shoot small, brass coffee pots off each other’s heads.  If anyone got shot, the warlord kept the tablet.  Turns out the youngster was as good a shot as me, even at the age of twelve.’
‘Very clever, mate,’ Atreus said, ‘but what about these objects Solomon and Bilqis are holding; these identical, jewelled things?  Do you know what they are or where they might be?’
Winston glowered out from underneath his eyebrows once more.  ‘So, we come to it at last.  These are the mysterious treasures you seek.’
‘Could be?’ Atreus said slowly.
‘And why do you think I would know anything about these two particular relics?’
‘Because, my old soak, you know something about just about everything,’ Atreus answered as he replaced the lid of the box containing the tablet and shifted it off his knees onto the couch next to him
‘In this case you seem to be mistaken,’ Winston replied.  ‘Those objects you may or may not be searching for, have never before been seen by anyone except as paintings on this very tablet by the three of us and my Yemeni warlord friend, so I ask you again, why do you think I would know anything about these two particular relics?’
Atreus chuckled and smiled.  Winston arched an eyebrow.
‘Trey, this is no time for humour,’ Patroclus chided.
‘Would you care to share your mirth, Atreus?’ Winston asked.
‘You’re too easy, mate.  If only we were playing poker,’ he replied.
Winston’s eyes narrowed.
‘And don’t look at me like that.  Either you’ve already got these two pieces or you at least know where they are.’
‘What, in Heaven’s name, Atreus Knight, are you talking about?’ Winston stone-walled.
Atreus sighed.  ‘How long have I known you?’ he asked.
‘Almost twenty years or thereabouts I…’
‘Right!  A bloody long time,’ Atreus interrupted as he sprang to his feet and pointed at their host, ‘and whilst there are probably stacks of things I don’t know about you, there’s one thing I do know for sure.’
Patroclus looked between Atreus and Winston, wondering exactly where his brother was going with this.
‘And what would that be, Master Knight?’ Winston replied a little testily.
‘When you get nervous, you drum your fingers.’
Patroclus glanced down to Winston’s left hand just in time to see his fingers halt their staccato symphony and momentarily pause before curling into a clenched fist.
Atreus continued, ‘Besides, it’s not like you to leave a glass of scotch warming in your hand for more than a minute or two unless you’re trying to avoid something.’
Winston looked down at the quarter-full glass of scotch resting beneath his right hand on the armrest and then awkwardly shifted it to the side table next to him.
Atreus came in for the kill.  ‘You’re as guilty as Judas, and we both know it.  Now either tell us you’ve got these pieces or at least tell us where we can find them.’
Winston shifted in his seat.  ‘I can’t help you.  I really can’t.’
‘Yes, you really can,’ Atreus persisted.  ‘Trust me when I say I can’t tell you why we need to find these relics, but also trust me when I say that if we don’t find them, lots of people are going to die, including you.’
Winston’s gaze snapped back up to Atreus at his final words.  His expression then softened as he realised Atreus was telling the truth.  ‘I don’t have them,’ he said finally.  Atreus opened his mouth to protest, only to be quieted by Winston’s hand, ‘but before you accuse me of denying you your treasure, I do know where one of them is…more or less.’
A wide grin split Atreus’ face.  ‘I knew it,’ he said as reseated himself on the broad armrest of the couch.  ‘Out with it then.’
‘It’s not that simple.  If I do tell you where the piece is, I’d be betraying a friend and I’d really rather not do that.’
‘Come on, Winston?  This is serious.  Even if this friend of yours’ is a Freemason, this is more important than some silly old…’
‘He is a Freemason.’
Atreus paused and blinked.
‘Now do you understand my reticence?’ Winston asked.
‘Quite,’ Atreus replied as he bowed his head.
Patroclus looked between the two pensive men.  ‘What’s wrong with this fellow being a Freemason?’ he asked.
‘What do you know about Freemasons, Pat and I mean actually know?’ Atreus asked.  ‘Forget the old wives tales and the internet conspiracies and tell me some cold hard facts.’
‘I don’t really know anything about them.’
‘Exactly and neither does anyone else because they’re the tightest pack of blokes around when it comes to talking about themselves.  Basically what goes on inside the Masonic Lodge, stays inside the Masonic Lodge and I suspect this mate of Winston’s learned of the piece’s whereabouts from one of his lodge buddies and so, it stays a big secret.  Am I right, Winston?’
‘You most certainly are,’ Winston replied.
‘It’s like getting blood from a stone or a shout at the bar from a bloke named Jock,’ Atreus said wearily.  He looked across at their host.  ‘Come on, Winston.  This really is important and like I said, your head’s on the chopping block the same as ours.’
‘Sorry, Trey.  You won’t get it from me.  I will not compound his treason any further.’
Atreus sighed loudly and stood up.  Putting his hands on his hips he said, ‘Well then, I’m just going to have to be childish about this and throw a tantrum, right here in the middle of your sitting room.’
‘Go ahead, dear boy.  It won’t change my position.’
‘You’ve never seen me lie on my back and kick my legs in the air have you?’
‘No, but please, don’t dawdle on my account.  I’ll just fetch myself another drink and settle in for the show shall I?’
‘Knock yourself out, mate,’ Atreus said as he lowered himself to the floor.  ‘I’ll try not to make too much of a mess.’
Patroclus rolled his eyes and shook his head.  ‘Nice to see you’re maintaining a mature approach to this, Trey.’
‘I can play silly buggers with the best of them.  You know that.’
‘Fancy a top-up, Pat?’ Winston asked as he moved across to the sideboard.
‘No thanks.  A little early in the day for me.’
‘Suit yourself,’ Winston replied as he picked up the bottle of Old Pulteney.
Meanwhile, Atreus sat down on the carpeted floor and was just about to raise his legs when the street-side wall suddenly exploded inwards.  Rubble showered across the room as an impenetrable cloud of dust filled the space.  The last thing Atreus recalled seeing was Patroclus tumbling over the back of the couch as it was lifted off the ground.

*          *          *

Jack watched as Enzo directed his crew to place the explosives in a tight circle against the exterior, street-side wall of the building.  With the task completed, the men moved hurriedly across the road to shelter themselves behind the black van in which they had arrived.  Checking their collective arsenal of pistols, shotguns and machine-guns, they steadied themselves for insertion.
Enzo brandished the remote detonator and did a final check on his crew and their readiness.  Thumbs jerked up all around and he nodded in accordance.  Every man pulled on black balaclavas and reaffirmed their grips on their weapons.  They all turned away from the street, hunched over and braced themselves.  Enzo extended the short aerial on the detonator and after a moment’s pause, pressed the single, red button.
The explosion pulsed a dull shockwave back across the street.  The van nudged up against the curb and rocked on its suspension, the vehicle’s mass shielding the men from the full force of the blast.
‘Go!’ Enzo yelled.
As a group, the five men dashed around the vehicle and across the street, guns at the ready, their sights fixed intently on the swirling cloud of dust that filled the newly formed hole in the wall.  Enzo led the way into the space.
Atreus struggled to regain his orientation.  He knew he was lying on the floor, but exactly where he could not tell.  The entire room lay hidden behind an opaque mass of dust.  He couldn’t even see his own hand in front of his face.
What had happened?  It could only be a bomb, but who had planted it and why?  Then he remembered seeing Patroclus blown over the couch.  He had to find him.  Atreus called out his brother’s name, but this in turn confused himself.  He couldn’t hear his own voice.  Suspecting temporary deafness from the explosion, Atreus called out again.  His suspicions were confirmed.  He couldn’t hear and at the same time he was effectively blind.  He would have to search by touch until his senses returned.  If Patroclus was hurt, he would never forgive himself for dragging him into this and he would have even less forgiveness for whoever had hurt him.
Steeling himself, Atreus rose to his knees and checked himself for injury, but found nothing.  He then began feeling the ground around him.  The rubble on the floor bit painfully into his knees.  The poor visibility and lack of sound created a suffocating stillness, but Atreus would not wither beneath it.  He had to find Patroclus.
Suddenly, a shadow reared up in front of him as something charged towards Atreus through the dust.  Rising to his feet, he braced himself to meet the looming shape head on.  A figure careered forward and collided with him, sending both bodies tumbling to the ground in a tangle of limbs.  The ensuing fracas became a wrestling match with each person struggling to overpower the other whilst fighting blind.  Atreus shifted his weight, pushed his legs beneath himself and drove upwards, twisting as he did so.  His attacker fell to the floor and Atreus straddled him, effectively pinning him to the ground.  Having gained the upper hand and secured his enemy, Atreus peered downwards to identify his attacker.
Patroclus’ face materialised out of the dust.  His eyes peered back and lit up as he recognised his opponent was his own brother.  Patroclus immediately started shouting.  Atreus relaxed and indicated he still couldn’t hear anything.  Sliding clear of his brother, Atreus leaned back on his haunches and sighed, watching as Patroclus also sat up.  He then looked at Atreus and mouthed something.
‘Where’s Winston?’
Atreus slapped his palm against his forehead.  He hauled himself to his feet and spun a pirouette in the dust.  A shadow grew in the gloom in front of him.  Crouching low, he readied himself, not wanting to knock Winston over if it was him.  The figure continued to advance and as it came closer, Atreus realised it was far too large to be his friend.  Then a face loomed out, except it wasn’t a face.  It was a balaclava.  Atreus looked down at the masked man’s hands and found a snub-nosed machine-gun in them.  What was going on?  Both men froze and looked at each other.  The gunman broke the stand-off first.
The balaclava-clad man whipped his right elbow up towards Atreus’ face.  Atreus stepped smartly back and moved his head clear of the blow.  In the same motion, his left hand shot out and grabbed the offending elbow to pull it down and tip the man forward off balance.  In a fluent manoeuvre, Atreus’ right fist jabbed forward and smashed into his opponent’s descending face.  The gunman’s head snapped back.
Having gained the advantage, Atreus threw two more right jabs, all the while not letting go with his left hand.  The gunman lolled on his feet.  Atreus then roughly pulled the man to the ground where he knocked the machine gun from his grasp.  With his opponent disarmed and groggy, Atreus lifted the man’s chin and drove a crushing right hook into his jaw.  The balaclava-clad man tumbled to the floor unconscious.  Atreus stood over him for a moment to ensure he was out and then checked around himself in the gloom for other assailants.  No one else appeared, but who the hell was this?
Realisation dawned as Atreus connected the explosion to the gunman.  A second realisation quickly followed.  If there was one gunman, there were likely to be more.  Eying off the machine-gun, Atreus decided against it.  Guns were not his style and besides, he’d probably just wind up shooting himself or someone he cared about in all this confusion.  Kicking the weapon deeper into the obscurity of the dust cloud, Atreus abandoned his quarry and returned to Patroclus.  He gesticulated to get his brother’s attention and then mouthed a warning.
‘There are people with guns in here.’
Patroclus’ face paled.  Atreus then pointed into the cloud behind Patroclus to suggest he should retreat further into the room to hide.  Patroclus did not move, the drained expression frozen in place.  Atreus signalled again, not understanding why his brother was hesitating.  Then he realised the problem.  Patroclus was not looking at him, but was in fact looking further behind.  Before turning around, Atreus already knew what to expect.  Spinning slowly in place, he came face-to-face with another, similarly masked man with another machine-gun pointed directly at them.
The gunman flicked the barrel of his weapon upwards, gesturing for them both to raise their hands.  They complied.  By now the dust cloud had begun to dissipate, allowing Atreus to see greater parts of the room.  He looked to his left and saw the jagged outline of a large hole in the street-side wall.  He also noted the broken and shattered furniture strewn across the floor, the debris intermixed with fragments of priceless, archaeological artefacts.  The damage done was more than material, it was sacrilegious, but more importantly, it seemed quite incredible that neither of them had been more seriously hurt.
Movement across the room caught Atreus’ attention.  Three more masked figures kneeled around a body on the floor; a body that upon closer inspection appeared to be Winston.  It looked as though the three gunmen were interrogating the poor man and threatening to hurt him if he didn’t answer their questions.
Two of the gunmen then leapt to their feet, one of them an absolute giant of a man, while the other could only be described as very short.  Together they dashed from the room and disappeared into a deeper area of the house.  The third one holstered a pistol and began man-handling Winston off the ruined carpet, his efforts struggling underneath the weight.  Winston’s head lolled back.  Anger surged through Atreus.  He had to do something and he had to do it now.
The gunman marking Atreus and Patroclus advanced a few steps and signalled for them to back up.  Atreus turned to begin moving away, but then quickly spun back and with his left hand knocked the muzzle of the machine-gun clear.  The weapon flared into action as a volley of bullets erupted from the snub barrel, ripping across the room to plough into the far wall.  Atreus lashed out with his right foot and kicked the man squarely in the groin.  The balaclava-clad man instantly doubled over, the gun falling from his hands.  Scanning the debris on the floor, Atreus found a broken chair leg at his feet and hurriedly grabbed it.  Arcing the make-shift club upwards, it smashed into the underside of the man’s chin.  The gunman’s arms spread wide as he sailed backwards to land spread-eagled on the floor amongst the rubble.  Without stopping to check his victim’s condition, Atreus rushed forward to confront the figure carrying Winston.
The final gunman turned just in time to see Atreus throw a left jab.  The blow smashed into the man’s face and his vision blurred before a right jab and a wicked left cross took all his senses away.  The masked man’s knees buckled underneath his and Winston’s combined weight and the two men crashed to the ground.
Atreus bent down and hauled Winston over his shoulder in a fireman’s lift.  Turning around, he found Patroclus standing mutely by, ogling his pugilism skills.  With no time for explanations, Atreus looked around to make sure the other two gunmen hadn’t reappeared and the three he’d taken care of were still out.  It was all good.  He began moving in the direction of the hole in the wall, hoping Patroclus would follow his lead.
Emerging from the dusty gloom, the bright sunlight stung their eyes.  Squinting across the road, Atreus noticed the suspicious black van and took a mental note.  He then led his brother as quickly as possible down the street to Patroclus’ Jaguar.  Opening the back door, he started pushing Winston inside.  Patroclus opened the door on the other side and helped.  With Winston secured, Atreus stood up and yelled across the roof of the car to Patroclus.
‘Give me the keys!  I’m driving!’
‘No way!’ Patroclus objected.
‘Yes, way!  We just survived a bombing, so there’s no way I’m going to let you kill us on the road like you almost did on the way here!’
Patroclus frowned and threw the keys across to Atreus.
‘Get in the back with Winston and make sure he’s alright!’ Atreus ordered.
Patroclus did as he was told and Atreus got in the driver’s seat.  He ignited the engine, flicked the gear-lever into drive and screeched away from the curb.  Looking in the rear view mirror, he checked for any signs of pursuit.  No gunmen appeared on the street while the black van sat idle in the gutter.  They had escaped. 

*          *          *

After a few minutes of hurried, but controlled driving, Atreus eased off the accelerator.  There was no sign of their attackers and the last thing they needed to have was an accident or an incident with the police.  They had driven in complete silence for the last ten minutes and Atreus wondered if his hearing had started to return.
‘What in the name of Mary was that?’ Patroclus suddenly cried from the back seat.
Atreus smiled as he heard his brother’s disgruntled voice loud and clear.  ‘They must’ve been with the guy in the green car that tried to follow us there,’ he replied.
‘Not the gunmen!  I’m talking about your bloody Rambo stunt!’  What the hell were you thinking?’
Atreus paused as he replayed the entire assault in his mind.  ‘You mean my fending off the bad guys?’
‘I mean you trying to get us all killed!’
Atreus shrugged.  ‘Somebody had to get us out of there and knocking out the bad guys seemed like a good idea at the time.’
‘Why do you suppose it is that no one else had an idea like that?  Why would you have been the only one to think that behaving like some Hollywood actor was the best way to handle the situation?’
‘If it’s good enough for Sly Stallone, it’s good enough for me.’
‘It bloody well is not!’
‘Fine.  Next time I’ll save everyone except you.’
‘Next time, which I pray to God will never happen, I’ll call the SAS!  I don’t expect or even want you to pretend you’re an elite commando!’
Winston groaned.  Patroclus glanced down and took note of the large purple lump growing on Winston’s forehead.
‘We’ve got to get him to a hospital fast,’ he said.  Winston’s eyes fluttered briefly open before closing again.  ‘It may just be concussion, but this bump on his head looks serious.’
‘We can’t go to a hospital,’ Atreus said.
Patroclus’ gaze whipped up, his face aghast.  ‘I don’t know why you said that, but we’re going to a hospital whether you like it or not.’
‘No, we aren’t.  We can’t go anywhere near a public place until we know how the bad guys knew we were at Winston’s.  I suggest we get out of sight.’
‘What on Earth are you talking about?  Get out of sight from whom?’
‘Good question.  Somebody’s watching us and that somebody must’ve tipped those bad guys off that we were at Winston’s, but how I don’t know.  It couldn’t have been that joker in the green sedan because your Formula 1 impersonation smoked him, which while we’re comparing notes, didn’t bother me in the slightest, unlike your ingrate behaviour to me just saving your backside back there.’
‘Your Rocky impersonation was not even close to the same thing as my driving this morning!’
‘No, because your stunt-driving was so much safer than my bashing a few gun-wielding baddies wasn’t it?’
Winston moaned again.  Patroclus looked away from his brother and down to his friend’s ashen face.
‘Look, I want to get Winston to a doctor as well,’ Atreus said, ‘but what I’m saying is that while we’re out in the open, we’re vulnerable and I don’t think we can be so lucky as to escape twice in a row.  If those goons find us again, we’re goners.’
‘Are you saying they might have some sort of tracking device on the car?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Maybe, but doubtful.  I suspect it was someone else who gave us away.’
‘Who?’
‘The eye in the sky.  Our alien friends.’
‘You think the alien commander directed them to us?’
‘Maybe, and whether it was the alien commander or Jack, I don’t know, but the most logical explanation is that we got burned by someone in that ship who watched us slip our tail this morning and arrive at Winston’s.’
‘That’s pretty fanciful.’
‘Yeah, well, it’s been a pretty fanciful day all round hasn’t…bugger!’ Atreus cursed.
‘What’s wrong?’
‘I just realised.’
‘You just realised what?’
‘We left the clay tablet behind.  They’ve probably found it and taken it by now.  Bugger!’ Atreus repeated, slapping the steering wheel.
‘That’s assuming that’s why they were there,’ Patroclus replied.
‘Oh, that’s why they were there alright.  It’s too much of a coincidence not to believe.’
Winston moaned again and squirmed.  Slurred speech spilled over his lips.  Atreus looked up into the rear-view mirror.  ‘What’s he saying, Pat?’
Patroclus leaned in closer to better hear Winston’s words, squinting as he listened.  Winston finished speaking and then Patroclus looked up, his brow creased.
‘What’d he say?’ Atreus asked.
‘He says we should go to the David Citadel Hotel,’ Patroclus replied hesitantly.
‘Well, that makes about as much sense as anything else that’s happened today,’ Atreus replied, ‘but maybe we should do as he says?  Winston’s a crafty old bugger and if he thinks we’ll be safe at some five-star hotel then I’ll go with that.’
‘The man’s delirious.  He needs to get to a hospital and he needs to get to one now.’
‘No.  If Winston says we shouldn’t go to a hospital then…’
‘This isn’t a James Bond movie, Trey.  The man needs…’
Winston mumbled again.  Patroclus leaned in.  ‘He’s being insistent.  He says we need to take him to the David Citadel Hotel straight away and talk to the valet attendants.’
‘That’s it then.  David Citadel it is.’
‘Great,’ Patroclus drawled.  ‘One little explosion and everyone starts acting like secret agents.’
‘You’re the Knight Rider wannabe,’ Atreus quipped.  ‘Now tell me how to get to the David Citadel Hotel, or do you want to sit up here and pull off some more time trials on the way?’
The mood in the Jaguar tightened again as Atreus followed his brother’s navigation through the city streets.  While he drove, he also pondered the gravity of the assault on Winston’s home, the loss of the Marib Tablet and the significance of the spy in the sky.  Up until their meeting with Winston, the term “life or death” had merely been a colourful expression to describe the urgency of their mission.  Now the expression represented reality.  Winston could well be on his deathbed and they themselves were on the run from a murderous enemy that would stop at nothing to deny them finding the keys to time-travel.  What had he gotten them into?  Aliens and time-travel were all very interesting, but were they worth getting killed over?

11.

Lord Frederick James Amherst sat quietly in the apartment’s private study, admiring the Marib Tablet’s exquisite craftsmanship as it lay in its wooden box on the desk in front of him.  Never before had he been fortunate enough to possess an antiquity as rare or as beautiful as this, and even more incredibly fortunate was the fact he had not paid a cent for it.  He sighed.  It was a bonus sure enough, but as beautiful as the artefact was, the failure of the mission greatly overshadowed the priceless windfall.
‘So, what shall we do now?’ Lord Amherst asked as he rose from behind the desk to move around and sit in a large, felt-covered chair.  Looking across from him, he regarded the seemingly empty couch opposite.  ‘The Knights were not in the David Citadel Hotel as you suspected.’
The mixture of darkening twilight seeping through the windows and the murky lamplight in the study, created a thick, soupy gloom.  It was difficult to clearly discern anything in the low level of light, but that was how his guest preferred it.  The couch creaked slightly as the near-transparent figure sitting on it shifted in place.  ‘It seems,’ sounded Lord Amherst’s own voice in return, ‘that Atreus Knight is a more skilled opponent than I suspected.’
‘There’s nothing onboard your ship that can track them down?’ Lord Amherst asked.
‘I might be the commander of one of the most powerful battle ships in the universe, Lord Amherst, but that does not make me a clairvoyant.’
‘Pity, because as beautiful as that clay tablet is, it does not help us in locating our objective.’
‘If your men had retained possession of Mr Keppler, we would not be sitting here wondering what to do next.’
‘True, but I think you said it yourself, Commander.  Atreus Knight may be a more skilled opponent than we suspected.’
‘Even so, I hope you reprimanded your men?’
‘I made it very clear that a second display of failure would not be tolerated.’
‘You should not allow them even a single display.  You humans are weak.’
‘That may be, Commander, but you still need me and my men in this matter.  Let’s not forget that.’
‘Those keys are somewhere in this city and I will not leave without them,’ the Commander growled.  ‘I suggest you do not let me down again.’
Lord Amherst steepled his fingers in front of his face and coolly appraised the almost invisible figure across from him.  ‘I will get your keys, Commander.  Of that you can be certain,’ he said.  ‘Atreus Knight and his brother may have eluded us this time, but sooner or later I will catch them and when I do, they will no longer be a problem to me or to anyone else, ever again.  That is a promise.’

12.

‘What are they doing in there?’ Patroclus asked as he paced the room.
Atreus looked up from the small, vinyl-covered couch where he sat.  ‘Hopefully keeping Winston alive,’ he answered.  ‘He looked pretty grim by the time we finally got here.’
‘And where exactly is here?’ Patroclus returned with a wave of his hand.
Atreus looked around the apartment’s small, windowless living room.  The bare walls, drab, brown carpet and sparse furnishings paled against the grandeur and lavishness of Winston’s house.  ‘I have no idea, but it sure ain’t the Ritz,’ he said.
‘I have no idea why I let you drag me into this cloak and dagger nonsense in the first place,’ Patroclus replied harshly as he ran a hand through his tousled hair.  ‘First you convince me of the existence of aliens and now Winston is lying at Death’s door because of us.’
Atreus mentally recounted their journey since escaping the raid on Winston’s house.  After fleeing the scene, they had gone straight to the David Citadel Hotel as Winston had suggested and upon arrival mentioned Winston’s name and dire condition to the valet at the entrance.  This had instantly changed the smiling, customer focused attendant to a dark, dour faced agent of action, who launched them even deeper into their already clandestine mission.
The valet directed them into the underground car park where they switched into a white S-Class Mercedes Benz.  The young man then abandoned his post at the hotel and drove the Mercedes to a block of flats in the outer suburbs.  Once there, he produced a key and let them into the room where they now sat.  Winston was taken into one of the bedrooms at the rear, after which, the valet made a few phone calls.  Thirty minutes later a doctor, or at least someone purporting to be a doctor, appeared at the door and vanished into Winston’s room.  That had been two hours ago with the valet standing guard at the door the whole time, stabbing them with daggers from his eyes if either of them even dared to look at the door let alone approach it.  This had left Atreus and Patroclus cooped up in the living room, wondering what was going on and how they were going to get themselves out of this fix, let alone find the keys to time.
Atreus glanced down at his Rolex.  ‘Seven o’clock.  We’ve been here too long.  We need to get out of here.’
‘Yes,’ Patroclus answered, ‘but where do we go?  We’ve got no clues as to where the keys are and more importantly, we have no idea who or why these gunmen are following us.’
‘True, but there is one thing we do know.’
‘What’s that?’
Atreus glanced at the valet and then waggled a crooked finger at his brother.
Patroclus hesitated, noticing the glimmer in Atreus’ eyes.
‘Relax.  I’m done with my Rambo stuff.’
Patroclus relented and moved to sit next to his brother on the couch, who began whispering.  ‘Can you hear me?’
‘Yes, but why are you whispering?’ Patroclus asked.
‘I suspect this is a Freemason safe-house and that cranky-pants over there by the door is one of them,’ Atreus replied, flicking his head towards the frowning valet.  ‘Winston probably brought us here because he doesn’t trust anyone except his freemason buddies.’
‘You just live for conspiracies don’t you?’ Patroclus said as he rolled his eyes.
‘Spice of life, Pat.  Anyway, like I was saying, there is one thing about all this that we know for sure.’
‘What’s that?’
‘The Freemasons are somehow involved in knowing the whereabouts of at least one of the keys and as luck would have it, I have a theory.’
‘Lo and behold.  What a surprise.’
‘I read something once about the origins of the Freemasons being linked to the construction of the original Temple of Solomon.  The temple was built largely out of limestone blocks and as such required the skills of stone masonry, hence the “mason” portion in the title Freemason.  The “free” portion is more of a mystery, but it might derive from the possibility of after having completed a period of extended service to the King, Solomon eventually gave the masons the option of freedom, but instead of taking it, the masons chose to remain in servitude and as such laboured as free-masons rather than as bonded masons.’
‘I hate to say it, Trey,’ Patroclus cut-in, ‘but that actually sounds plausible for a change.’
‘Thanks, I’ll remember you said that, but the point is that if the Freemasons were involved in the original construction of the temple, then it’s highly possible there still exists a Masonic branch or a lodge or whatever that has retained custodianship of the temple plans and knows of a secret entrance into the remnants of the temple and that’s where this apparent key is that Winston’s buddy knows about?’
‘Sure, like I said, it’s plausible, but it’s highly unlikely.’
‘Why?’
‘We’re now in the twenty-first century, Trey.  The temple was built three thousand years ago and whether the Freemasons possess the original plans to it or not, someone by now would’ve found this secret entrance and exposed it, not to mention that the temple has been destroyed, rebuilt and then destroyed again in antiquity, making the likelihood of any entrance still being in place extremely small.’
‘Bugger me, you’re a pessimist!’’ Atreus objected.  ‘How you ever got to be a professor of archaeology is well beyond me.  You’re supposed to live in hope, mate, besides you were the one who suggested we go digging around Mount Moriah in the off chance we might find a way in.’
‘I’ve since re-evaluated our tenuous position and decided enough’s enough.  I now suggest we go straight to the authorities and explain all this to them.’
‘And what do you think they’re response is going to be when we mention invisible aliens and the keys to time travel?’
Patroclus baulked and then closed his mouth, pressing his lips together.
‘That’s what I thought,’ Atreus added.  ‘So, hows about this then?  Let’s assume my highly unlikely theory is correct and that all we have to do next is to get Winston to spill the beans on his Freemason mate and then he can lead us to the first key?  How about that?’
Patroclus looked away and huffed.
Atreus waited a few moments and then said, ‘Okay.  I’ll take that as a yes.  Now all we have to do is...’
‘Which one of you is Atreus?’ sounded a voice from the doorway to Winston’s bedroom.
The Knight brothers looked up to see the doctor standing in the doorway, his features drawn.
‘Who’s asking?’ Atreus replied, rising to his feet.
‘I am, because Winston wants to speak with him.’
‘Is he okay?’
‘I suspect his concussion may be more serious than I first assumed.  He needs more care than I can give him here, so I’m taking him to a hospital.’
‘I hate to say it, but I told you so,’ Patroclus said, standing up behind his brother.
‘I repeat.  Who is Atreus?’ the doctor pushed.
‘I am, doc,’ Atreus replied, ‘but there’s no need to get testy.  A little work on your bedside manner wouldn’t...’
‘Listen to me,’ the doctor said, taking a measured pace into the room and glowering at Atreus.  ‘Winston is a valued member of the order and it’s only your friendship with him that’s kept you alive this long.  He won’t be awake for much longer and I suggest you sort this matter out quickly, or things could become very unpleasant for you.  Do you understand?’
Atreus opened his mouth to rebuke, but felt a hand on his shoulder.
‘Down, boy,’ Patroclus said from behind.  ‘Do as he says and go speak with Winston.  Then they can take him away for some proper care and we can get out of here.’
Atreus closed his mouth and let the doctor’s barbs slide.  It seemed they had just made a new enemy out of the Freemasons and given the society’s notorious reputation in the world of conspiracies, it would probably be a good idea to steer clear of them or at least be as friendly as possible and besides, right now they needed them.  If his reasoning was correct, then there was every chance he and Patroclus were on the verge of gaining entry into one of the most enigmatic, religious sites in the whole world, the Temple of Solomon.

*          *          *

‘I will not let the Knights beat me,’ Lord Amherst said from behind the desk in his apartment, the icy edge to his tone carrying as much intent as an executioner’s blade.
‘We have the city under watch, sir,’ Enzo replied.  ‘They can’t move anywhere without us knowing it.’
‘You have already let me down once today,’ Lord Amherst continued.  ‘Our benefactor made it clear that if he were responsible for you, he would have put you in a shallow grave by now.  Fortunately, I am more lenient.’  
Enzo opened his mouth to voice his thanks, but was prevented.
‘Save your appreciation,’ Lord Amherst added.  ‘Just find the Knights and bring them to me, tonight.’

*          *          *

The meagre light of the single bedside lamp barely illuminated the tiny bedroom in which Winston lay.  The valet from the hotel stood in a corner while the doctor stood framed in the doorway, the two men guarding Winston like Dobermans.  Atreus knelt beside the single bed and looked down at his friend.  Winston’s face appeared as though Death had already laid a bony hand upon his shoulder.  The wan light shrouded his still features, casting them more into shadow than into view.  Atreus leaned in close to his friend’s ear and spoke.
‘I’m here, Winston.  It’s Atreus,’ he said.
Winston’s lips quivered, a ragged gasp issuing forth.
‘Take your time, old mate,’ Atreus urged, pressing his face closer to better hear Winston’s words.  ‘Don’t rush it.’
‘It seems you were right,’ came the breathless whisper.
‘About what?’
‘My head being on the chopping block.’
‘Yeah, sorry about that.  No one likes a smart-arse.’
Winston’s strangled chuckle degenerated into a choking cough.  The valet stepped in, his fists bunched.  Atreus glanced up, his green eyes flashing.  The doctor raised a hand and coerced the valet back into place.  Atreus lowered his head.
‘Sorry, mate,’ he said.  ‘I’ll shut up and let you do the talking.’
Winston’s cough lasted a few seconds more before he quelled it.  After steadying his breathing he continued.  ‘Call this number and ask for Tobias,’ he rasped.  He then slowly recited a local Jerusalem phone number, which Atreus mentally noted.
‘Who’s Tobias?’ Atreus asked.
‘He can help you find the object you’re looking for,’ Winston replied.
‘And what do I say to this Tobias when I call him?’
‘Tell him who you are and that I sent you.’
‘That’s all?’
‘He’ll understand.  It’s all been arranged.’
‘I need to know, Winston,’ Atreus pressed.  ‘Is Tobias going to take us to the Temple of Solomon?’
‘Tobias will do what he thinks is necessary.  He’s a good man and he’s an old friend, so be fair on him even if he seems none too pleased about helping you.’
‘Whatever you say, besides he couldn’t be any less chummy than these two jackals in here,’ Atreus answered, casting glares at the doctor and the valet.
‘The Freemasons may not be hospitable,’ Winston continued with difficulty, ‘but it’s better to have them on your side than not.  Remember that.’
‘Fair point, now get better, mate.  I feel guilty as hell for getting you blown up.’
‘Just make sure the relic doesn’t fall into the wrong hands.’
‘No worries and hey, your secret’s safe with us.  We won’t tell anyone you’re a Freemason.  You can keep your secret handshake and funny hat all to yourself.’
‘When you’ve finished saving the world, come back and see me,’ Winston replied.  ‘I’ll take you down into the vault and introduce you to Gabriel.’
Atreus smiled and placed a hand gently on his friend’s shoulder.  ‘Good to see you’ve still got your sense of humour.’
A slight smile curled Winston’s lips before he broke into another coughing fit.
‘Enough!’ the doctor ordered as he pushed past Atreus.  The valet stepped forward and reached down to haul Atreus up, but Atreus fended the young man’s hands away and sprang to his feet.  The two men faced off, steel glinting in each other’s eyes.
‘Get out, both of you!’ the doctor barked.
The valet glanced down at Winston and then took a step back to allow Atreus to pass him and exit the room.  The valet followed Atreus through the door and pulled it closed behind him.  Patroclus jumped up from the couch and rushed across to his brother.  The valet crossed his arms in front of the closed door and stared back at both of them.
‘You have what you want, now go,’ he growled.
‘What’s going on?’ Patroclus asked cautiously.
‘We were just saying our goodbyes,’ Atreus replied with clenched fists poised by his sides, his gaze locked on the valet’s.
‘Then say goodbye,’ the young man returned through clenched teeth.
Atreus continued to glare back, his green eyes glistening in the pale light.  ‘You have no idea what’s going on here,’ he said in a low voice, ‘but I can tell you it’s a lot more important than your dinky little society.’
The valet did not falter.  Instead he took a step closer and stood face-to-face with Atreus, eyeball to eyeball.  ‘You know nothing of our order, but you should know this.  When you go inside the Temple, you enter the House of the Lord.  Respect His wishes, because He does not take kindly to thieves.’
The two men held their poses, stretching the tension even further.  Patroclus carefully stepped in and lightly grabbed his brother by the elbow.
‘Come on, Trey,’ he gently coaxed.  ‘Let’s get out of here.  We don’t have time for this.’
Atreus momentarily resisted his brother’s insistence, but then gave in, letting Patroclus pull him away from the potential battle ground, his stare unbroken with the valet until the last possible second when his brother shoved him through the door into the corridor outside.
‘What’s with you today?’ Patroclus quizzed as they walked away.  ‘Why do you want to fight everyone that looks sideways at you?’
‘I forgot to take my pills.’
‘Just make sure you don’t get us both killed.’
‘Hang on.  I need to make a call,’ Atreus instructed as he retrieved his mobile phone.  He dialled the number Winston had recited and waited while it rang.  A voice answered on the other end.
‘Who’s this?’ came a gruff response.
‘Is this Tobias?’ Atreus asked warily.
‘Who are you?’
‘My name is Atreus Knight.  Winston Keppler told me to call you for help.’
Silence emanated from the other end.  Atreus waited for the other person to make the next move.
‘This is Tobias,’ the brusque voice replied.  ‘Why should I trust you?’
‘Because you trusted Winston and if he gave me your number then that means you can trust me.’
Silence again.  Atreus glanced up at Patroclus.  The voice returned.  ‘Do exactly as I say.  Exactly.’
‘Sure thing,’ Atreus agreed.
‘Do you know the Pillar of Absalom?
‘Yes, in the Kidron Valley by the Temple Mount.’
‘Be there at midnight tonight.  Come on foot and make sure no one else sees you or follows you.’
‘How will I recognise you?’
‘You won’t.  You’ll be lucky if you even see me at all.’
 
13.

The Kidron Valley meandered along a path that separated two of Jerusalem’s most well-known and revered landmarks; Mount Moriah and the Mount of Olives.  All was quiet.  Atreus and Patroclus peered out into the night from within the shaded security of a gnarled and wizened olive tree on the edge of the valley floor.
The soft light of the half-moon faintly illuminated the valley’s steep, grassy sides; the scattered shrubs and low trees adding a mottled, blotchy effect to the slopes.  The bare, dirt of Ha Shiloah Road snaked past them along the floor of the vale, its barren, stony surface palely reflecting the moon’s luminance.  Overhead, the crisp, clear canvas of an unblemished night sky stretched in all directions, except to the east, where sporadic bursts of lightning silently bloomed over the Dead Sea.  It was almost midnight, and the Knight brothers had a rendezvous to keep.
Looking ahead of them up the valley, Atreus just made out the faint silhouette of the Temple Mount on the northern ridge, the uppermost curve of its gigantic dome rising above the complex’s massive, boxed walls.  Perched on the ridge to their left lay the emerging resettlement of the Old City of David, where Jewish families had steadily begun to reclaim the original foundations of the three thousand year-old holy city, while opposite them on the eastern wall of the valley, the cluttered village of Silwan spread its chaotic jumble of concrete boxes, the disorderly collection of homes a stark reminder of the desperate fight for land in this troubled region.
They had parked the car in Silwan and crept down through its tangled streets to arrive on Ha Shiloah Road.  The neighbourhood did not bear the safest of reputations, especially in the middle of the night, so their progress had been slow and measured.  Once on the valley floor, they quietly made their way northwards along the vale to their current position near Gihon Spring, the literal fountain of life for the old city of Jerusalem.
Looking out from their hiding spot, a bend in the valley prevented them from seeing their target, the Pillar of Absalom, which was situated about five hundred metres further along to the north.  A particularly large plume of lightning burst over the eastern horizon.
Patroclus moaned.  ‘Why does there have to be a thunderstorm?’
‘It’s a rule,’ Atreus replied.  ‘We’re in a spooky place at night.’
‘This isn’t Hollywood.’
‘No, it isn’t because if it was, we’d be guaranteed of getting out of this alive and getting the girl in the process.’
‘Can you see anyone?’
‘No, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t anyone out there.’
Patroclus glanced down at his watch.  ‘It’s five minutes to midnight.  We should keep moving.’
‘Ok,’ Atreus replied as he scanned the valley floor one final time in both directions.  ‘Let’s do this.’
Atreus led Patroclus silently out from beneath the olive tree.  The pair cautiously edged their way northwards along the edge of the dirt road, being careful not to make too much noise let alone speak to one another.  Soon they rounded the bend and came upon the massive ruins of the Tomb of Zechariah, its distinctively Greek ionic-colonnaded façade and Egyptian pyramid cap carved out of the eastern, limestone valley wall.  Immediately next to it emerged the Tomb of the Sons of Hezir, its huge Doric columns equally reminiscent of Greek influence.  The ancient monuments shone palely in the half light, their eclectic designs an enduring memorial to the influences of the many great civilisations that had lived and perished during the vast lifetime of this unique city.
Progressing past the tombs, Atreus and Patroclus progressed further along the valley until they rounded a second bend.  Ahead on their right, tucked into a niche in the valley wall, the soft light of the moon revealed their destination, Absalom’s Pillar.  The Knight brothers halted momentarily to admire the structure’s towering, rounded spire and massive, colonnaded edifice; the tomb’s architecture combining the timeless lines of both Syrian and Greek design.
Atreus studied the empty spaces around and above the monument, searching for any sign of human life.  He found nothing, but the sides of the structure delved deeply into the valley wall, creating avenues of impenetrable blackness that could hide anyone or anything.  A cluster of overhanging trees on the slope above the tomb provided further cover.  Atreus knew at least that Tobias lurked somewhere nearby, but an even worse possibility was that their mysterious attackers from Winston’s had somehow found them and were at that very moment, lining up the cross-hairs of a rifle on their heads.  Atreus suddenly felt very exposed.
Turning abruptly, he silently directed Patroclus to follow him back the way they had come.  Leading his brother into a thick clump of high grass at the base of the western slope, Atreus bade him crouch beside him in the meagre shadows.
‘You stay here,’ he whispered.  ‘I’ll go across on my own.  This Tobias bloke doesn’t need to know you’re here as well.’
Patroclus shook his head.  ‘No.  This doesn’t feel right,’ he replied.
‘Gee, I wonder what gave you that impression.’
‘I’m serious, Trey.  This Tobias fellow could just as easily kill you as help you and then come after me.’
‘Yeah, he could, but don’t forget, Pat, this is the Temple of Solomon we’re talking about.  You don’t get to just mosey in off the street.  There are some pretty serious hoops to jump through first and this is one of them, so let me go over there and get this show on the road.’
‘Okay, but be careful.’
‘You know me.’
‘And therein lies my concern.’
‘I promise I won’t do anything stupid, honey, now just sit tight.  I’ll be back in a jiffy.’
With those final words, Atreus stood up and turned to face Absalom’s Pillar.  Then after taking a deep breath, he began walking towards it, his eyes and ears scanning for anything even slightly out of the ordinary.  Arriving back at the tomb, he stood directly in front of it and looked around.  No one presented themselves.  Sighing, he resigned himself to waiting.
Atreus let his mind slip back to when he had first laid eyes on Absalom’s Pillar and fondly recalled it had been in the presence of his father.  Atreus and Patroclus’ parents had granted the twins the most incredible eighth birthday gift of travelling to anywhere on the Earth to learn about whatever aspect of ancient history they were interested in.  Patroclus had chosen the Egyptian pharaohs and so their mother had taken him to Luxor and the Valley of the Kings.  Atreus on the other hand had opted for Biblical history and so he had journeyed to Jerusalem with his father.   For five days, they had traipsed all over the city and its surrounds and even walked the length of the Kidron Valley and stopped at this very spot.  Ironically though, it was not Absalom’s Pillar that stood out in Atreus’ memory, but the topic of the discussion they had shared while standing here.
Atreus’ father had knelt down next to him and asked, ‘Atreus, you know that you and your brother share a special bond as identical twins don’t you?’
Atreus screwed up his face for a moment and then replied shrugging, ‘Sure.  I guess.’
‘What I mean is that you’re both very close to each other aren’t you?  You’re not just brothers, but you’re good friends too aren’t you?’
‘Um, yeah, we’re friends, mostly.’
‘Good,’ his father replied, smiling gently.  ‘However, even though you’re identical twins, I bet you’ve also noticed that yourself and Patroclus are quite different as well?  You like doing different things don’t you?’
‘Yeah.  Pat likes reading books and going to museums and stuff with Mum, which means he can never come horse riding or fishing with me and you.’
‘That’s right.  Pat is definitely more like his mother.  He’s studious and conservative, whereas you’re more like me; adventurous and well, not so conservative.’
Atreus nodded.
‘Good,’ his father continued.  ‘It’s good that you’ve noticed this.  You know you’re a pretty smart little guy for an eight year-old.  Has anyone ever told you that?’
‘Mr McGann, my science teacher, says I might have a photographic memory,’ Atreus had replied innocently, ‘but I don’t know what that means.’
His father had smiled.  ‘Don’t worry about it, son.  It’s a good thing, but anyway, this difference between you and Patroclus, well, it brings with it responsibility and that’s what I really want to talk to you about.  You know what responsibility is don’t you?’
Atreus nodded again.
‘Good, well, this responsibility is an important one and it’s coming straight from me okay?  Not anyone else, so because I’m your father, you have to listen to me.  Understood?’
Another nod.
‘Right then.  Your responsibility is this.  Because you’re the adventurous one, you’re going to be stronger than Patroclus and as such, if he ever gets into any trouble, it’s your responsibility to get him out of it, no matter how hard or how dangerous, okay, and this is not while you’re kids.  This goes for when you both grow up and become adults.  I expect you to hold to this responsibility as you both get older.  Is that clear?’
Atreus nodded a fourth time.  ‘I will.’
‘Do you promise?’
‘I promise.’
And now here he stood, in virtually the same spot over twenty years later, still trying to hold true to that promise.  Patroclus was in danger and so was he for that matter, but Atreus knew that if anyone was going to get them through this it was going to be him.  His father had recognised this when they were boys.  How?  A parent’s intuition, maybe, but it didn’t matter right now because it just had to be done.
Movement at Atreus’ feet caught his attention.  He spoke into the night without turning around.  ‘You know it’s rude to sneak up behind people?’ he said as casually as he could.  A thick silence resulted.  ‘If you’re wondering how I knew you’re there, check your shadow.  The moon’s right behind you.’
‘You know I could have you killed?’ sounded the same gruff voice from the phone.
‘Well, that’s your call, Toby, but I suspect it’d be straight to Hell for you if you did, Freemason or not.  I seem to remember something, somewhere about thou shalt not kill.’
‘My service is to a power greater than your life or mine.  If killing you means protecting the Temple then kill you I will.’
‘Nice to meet a man who takes his work seriously.’
‘What do you want from me?’
‘I need to find an artefact that Winston said you could lead me to.’
‘What artefact?’
‘Can I take a picture out of my pocket?’
‘Move very slowly.’
Atreus carefully withdrew a folded piece of paper from his shirt pocket, which portrayed one of the keys as printed from Patroclus’ laptop.  He unfolded it and without turning around, held it up over his shoulder.  An unseen hand plucked it away.
Silence followed.
‘Why do you want this piece?’ the gruff voice resumed.
‘I can’t tell you,’ Atreus replied.
‘Then I can’t help you.’
‘Yes, you can help me because Winston said you could.  Just trust me when I say this is a need to know thing.’
‘Then you’re on your own.’
‘What if I said I need the piece to save the world?’
‘Then I’d still say you’re on your own.’
Atreus sighed.  Any mention of aliens would instantly dissolve any chance he had of getting Tobias’ help.  ‘Look.  If it makes you feel any better, I’m here for purely noble reasons.  I’m not a gravedigger.  I’m not a fortune hunter.  I’m no reporter and I’m definitely not a con-artist.  I’m an archaeologist, but please believe me when I say I’m not here to pillage biblical trinkets for any museum or for personal gain.  I just want the piece for a short-term loan.  When I’m done with it, you can have it back.  That’s a promise.’
‘And I’m supposed to believe that?’
‘Yes, you are,’ Atreus replied, ‘but if my word isn’t good enough, then remember that it was Winston who sent me here.  You don’t have to believe me, but maybe you can trust Winston’s judgement?’
Silence again ensued.
‘And while you’re letting me do the talking,’ Atreus continued, testing all his options in one hit, ‘there’s another thing I should tell you about.  The bad guys who put Winston in hospital, well, they’re pretty keen on getting this artefact too and just so you know, they won’t ask for your help.  They’ll just put a gun to your head and expect your cooperation.’
‘As I said, I’m prepared to die to protect the secrets of the Temple.’
‘That’s all very noble and everything, but consider this.  If you let me go inside, I’m only going to borrow the artefact and then I’ll return it.  If these other guys get inside, they’ll plunder anything and everything, right down to the last shekel and don’t think your little Freemason conspiracy will keep you anonymous forever.  These guys are evil.  Sooner or later they’ll find out who you are and what you know and believe me, these are not the sort of people you want waltzing into the Temple of Solomon.’
‘Who are these other people?’
‘I can’t tell you that either, but you absolutely do not want to find out.’
Another pause.
‘Turn around,’ the voice barked.
Atreus slowly pivoted on the spot, keeping his hands stationery by his sides.  About five metres away, there stood a lone figure, his medium build silhouetted against the light of the half-moon.  A glint of cold steel reflected from the man’s right hand where Atreus assumed the barrel of a pistol pointed back at him.
‘So, Tobias, we meet at last,’ Atreus said.
‘Be quiet.  You’re still breathing only because Winston vouched for you,’ Tobias said.  ‘If I had my way, you’d be another missing person reported on the morning news.’
‘Does that mean you’ll help me?’ Atreus asked, his confidence growing.
‘To a point.’
‘And what point would that be?’
‘I’ll show you the entrance to the temple, but you go in alone.’
‘Why?’ Atreus asked as a whole symphony of warning bells rang out inside his head.
‘The path is easy enough to follow, but God controls your fate inside the Temple.  You’ll get no help from me.’
‘Why do I suddenly think this isn’t such a good idea after all?’ Atreus mumbled.
‘Let’s go.’
‘Hang on.  There’s something else I should tell you.’
‘What?’
‘I’m not alone.  My brother’s waiting for me further back down the valley.’
‘I know.  We’ve got him covered too.’
‘What do you mean covered?’
‘If I’d had to kill you, he’d be dead too.’
‘And who said Freemasons were boring?’
‘Move.’

*          *          *

Tobias directed Atreus at gunpoint back down the valley towards Patroclus’ location.  Upon arrival, he found his brother standing in the middle of the vale with a second shaded figure behind him whose left hand also brandished a pistol.  Atreus sighed and shook his head.
‘Come to Jerusalem,’ he moaned.  ‘See the sights and get held-up at gunpoint where ever you go.’
He stepped in next to Patroclus and watched as the two gunmen penned them in; Tobias in front and the second one behind them.
‘What’s going on?’ Patroclus eagerly asked.
‘They’re going to show us the way in,’ Atreus replied.
‘You mean they actually know a way into the Temple of Solomon?’ Patroclus asked, his slack jaw visible even in the dim light.
‘Don’t get too excited, mate.  This isn’t a school excursion.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘This is the Temple of Solomon we’re talking about.  I can’t imagine the Jews abandoned it without leaving behind some nasty surprises for anyone that may have tried to get in after them.  You don’t just walk into the most holy of Jewish places through an open door and along a red carpet.’
‘This is a house of God, Trey.  The only secrets the Temple houses are the treasures inside.’
‘Like God didn’t have his fair share of enemies?’
‘Maybe it’s time you had a little faith?’
‘Faith?  Yeah, right?  Round here faith seems to mean carrying a gun and we’re the only ones not armed.  Sorry, Pat, but I’m not feeling especially spiritual right now.’
‘Follow me,’ Tobias ordered as he turned and started leading them south along the dirt road.  Atreus and Patroclus complied while the second gunman kept pace at the rear, his weapon still directed unerringly at their backs.
Silence slipped over the Knights as they wondered what marvels lay in store for them beneath the coveted mountain.  They were about to step over the threshold of a mythical world that rooted one of mankind’s oldest religions into history.  Judaism revered the Temple of Solomon above all other holy places; its walls once housing not just the Ark of the Covenant, but symbolising the very heart and strength of the Jewish faith.
Atreus mused over this, while considering another conspiracy theory stating that rebuilding the Temple might signal the End of Days for humankind, leading up to the apocalyptic Judgement Day.  Atreus just hoped their impending journey into the Temple didn’t signal their own End of Days; a thought that was hard to avoid considering the number of guns and ugly attitudes they had been confronted with today.  Why couldn’t everyone just get along?  Just then, a broad sheet of lightning flashed across the eastern sky, instantly dashing his hope.  Even the weather had it in for them.
Tobias abruptly stopped and turned to his right to inspect the western slope.  The second gunman subsequently herded Atreus and Patroclus together and indicated for them to stand still. The stoppage allowed Atreus to check his bearings.  He estimated they had walked south along the road to a point approximately halfway between the Gihon Spring and Absalom’s Pillar.
‘What do we do now?’ Atreus asked.
Tobias turned back to face them.  ‘Now you go up,’ he replied, waving a hand towards the western slope.
Atreus studied the valley wall.  The uniform cover of knee-high grass was largely featureless except for a few scattered trees.  ‘That’s it?’ he asked.  ‘We just go up?’
‘That’s it.  You just go up.’
Atreus folded his arms.  ‘And what exactly are we looking for?  A tunnel?  A door?  A big X on the ground?’
‘If you go directly half-way up the slope from here, you will find a cluster of three large juniper bushes closely laid out in a rough triangle.  In the middle of those bushes is a boulder.  Underneath the boulder is a buried trap door.  The shaft beneath the trap door has a ladder.  The ladder will lead you into the Temple,’ Tobias instructed as if from a guidebook.
‘Excellent,’ Patroclus said as he rubbed his hands together.  ‘Lead the way then.’
Tobias didn’t move.
‘Come on, man,’ Patroclus urged.  ‘Standing around here all night isn’t going to get us in there.  Let’s get going.’
Tobias still didn’t move.
‘What are you waiting for?’ Patroclus continued, his hands spreading wide.  ‘We’re ready, so lead on.’
‘Pat,’ Atreus cut-in, ‘Toby’s not coming with us.  This isn’t a guided tour.’
Patroclus looked from Atreus back to Tobias.  ‘What do you mean you aren’t coming with us?’
‘This journey is yours’ to make alone,’ Tobias answered in an even tone.
‘What?’ Patroclus exclaimed.  ‘That’s ridiculous!  It’s the middle of the night!  How are we supposed to get in without your help, let alone navigate our way around inside in the dark?’
Atreus leaned in close to his brother.  ‘This is where your faith comes into it,’ he said.
‘Move!’ the second gunman barked from behind.
Patroclus spun to begin disputing their forced directions, opening his mouth, but then freezing agape as the second gunman raised his pistol to level it with Patroclus’ head.  He closed his mouth, huffed, and turned back to face the western slope.
‘Is the shaft lit?’ Atreus asked as he examined the valley wall, ‘or is it like your personality; dark and gloomy?’
‘At the base of the ladder is a store of ready-fuelled torches.  There is also a pile of flint to strike a spark.’
‘No matches?’ Patroclus whined.  ‘Why aren’t there any matches?’
‘Spent matches might leave a trace,’ Atreus remarked.  ‘These Freemasons have thought of everything.’
‘This is preposterous!’ Patroclus complained.  ‘We could slip and fall down the ladder in the dark!’
‘I don’t think they care, mate,’ Atreus said taking a step forward and inspecting the slope.
‘You honestly can’t expect...’ Patroclus continued to rant.
‘Time to go,’ pressed the second gunman. ‘Now!’
‘Okay, Pat, that’s our cue,’ Atreus said, turning and grabbing his brother by the elbow and steering him round so they both faced the grassy incline shoulder to shoulder.  ‘Leave the nice gunmen alone and listen to me.  I’ll go first and you follow no more than two or three metres behind me.  If I stop, you stop.  We’ll go slow and steady.  It’s probably steeper and rougher than it looks from down here, so if either of us loses our footing, it could be a long, uncomfortable trip back down to the bottom.  Okay?’
Patroclus nodded.
‘Good, now let’s get busy,’ he said.  Taking a deep breath, Atreus plunged forward into the grass and started steadily making his way up the slope.  Patroclus watched him start and then followed as instructed.
Within metres, the steep surface and thick grass hindered their progress, forcing them in places to scramble on all fours amongst the clutching greenery.  Atreus did his best to maintain a straight line as they climbed higher; a task made all the more difficult by the poor light and uneven surface.  Looking ahead for the bushes they had been instructed to find, he struggled to make out anything at all on the veiled incline.  Then a burst of lightning shed just enough light to reveal some dark mottles directly uphill from them.
‘Can you see anything?’ Patroclus puffed from behind.
‘There might be some bushes about fifty yards ahead of us,’ Atreus replied, squinting into the night, ‘but it’s hard to tell.  We’re almost half way up the slope, so we can’t be far off the mark.’
Ten minutes later, after some more arduous scrambling, Atreus reached the bushes he had spotted earlier and stopped.  Taking advantage of the break, he sucked fresh oxygen into his lungs and spun around to survey the immediate slope around him.  ‘I think we’re here.’
‘Are you sure?’ Patroclus called up.
‘Well, I’m no expert on Arabian botany, but from what I’ve read, the juniper bush, Retama raetam, is a thin branched, clumpy type of thing and, well these bushes look pretty clumpy.’
‘Forget the clumpiness,’ Patroclus replied as he lumbered to a halt beside Atreus.  ‘Just tell me there are there three of them set out in a triangle.’
‘Looks like it.’
‘Then I say we’re here.  There’s a thunderstorm brewing and we’ve got two armed men at the bottom of the hill, trying to find a good reason to shoot us.’
‘Fair point.  How you holding up?’ Atreus asked.
‘Fine,’ Patroclus replied, ‘but I can’t say I’m in raptures about climbing down this shaft in what will undoubtedly be pitch darkness.’
‘Another fair point,’ Atreus answered as he strode into the centre of the three bushes, ‘but before we go spelunking anywhere, we have to find this boulder.’
He then bent over and started dragging his hands through the grass.  Patroclus followed suit.  A few moments later Atreus called out, ‘Aha!’
‘What is it?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Well, I don’t know what the technical specifications are for a boulder, but this feels like a pretty big rock.’
Atreus pulled the tightly knotted grass away to reveal a large, well-rounded stone nestled into the dirt of the slope.  Digging around the edges, he confirmed the rock’s size.  ‘Pat, a little help?’ he asked.
Patroclus moved to his brother’s side and together the two men dug away sufficient dirt to gain a manageable grasp of the large stone.  Bracing themselves against the uneven surface, they heaved the rock out of its hole and awkwardly tossed it to the side where it settled with a hollow thump.
Atreus sat back on his haunches, breathing heavily.  ‘It’s no wonder…the Temple of Solomon’s stayed hidden…for so long,’ he said.  ‘You’ve got to be…an Olympic weight-lifter…to get into it.’
Patroclus nodded breathlessly.
‘Okay,’ Atreus continued, after regaining his breath.  ‘Let’s see about this trapdoor.’
He then leaned forward onto his hands and knees beside the depression and started feeling around inside for a handle or mechanism to locate and open the apparent trapdoor.  With no immediate luck, Atreus started to dig, raking away more dirt and pulling other smaller stones out of the ground.  Two minutes later he had found nothing.
‘Maybe these aren’t really juniper bushes after all?’ Atreus queried.
‘Or maybe they’ve deliberately given us the wrong directions?’ Patroclus moaned.
‘I don’t see why they’d do that, but then again, like I always say, never trust a man with a funny hat.’
‘A funny hat?’
‘You know?  A fez?’ Atreus said, still digging.  ‘All self-respecting Freemasons wear a fez.’
‘Why?’
‘It gives more credibility to their secret handshakes doesn’t…hang on!  What have we here?’
Suddenly, a massive sheet of blue-white lightning filled the sky; the timing of the flash perfectly choreographed to Atreus’ discovery.  The burst of light froze him on all fours, his head bowed into the dirt and his fingers latched around a metal ringlet.  Patroclus stood transfixed like prey caught in the stare of a predator.  The freeze-frame hung for a long moment until the darkness returned, accompanied by a long drawl of thunder.  A heavy silence finally enveloped them with no one having moved.
‘Well,’ Atreus said at length, ‘that was dramatic.  See what I mean about that spooky, thunder storm thing?’
Patroclus warily looked around.
‘Ah, relax,’ Atreus quipped as he clawed away at the metal ringlet.  ‘It could be worse.  It could start to rain.’
This time Patroclus slowly raised his gaze to the heavens.  Atreus looked up and saw his brother’s upturned face.  Sighing, he shook his head and returned to the work at hand.
Further examining the metal ringlet, Atreus worked it free a little more from the dirt and tested its resistance.  It didn’t budge.  Grunting, he raised himself up onto his haunches and shoved all ten fingers through the circular handle.  Then bracing himself against the angle of the slope, he pulled as hard as he could.
Every muscle in his body strained against the resistance.  His knees started to shake and it felt as though he was about to rip his fingers clean off, but then the ground shifted. Atreus increased his efforts, his initial success driving him harder to the task.  Patroclus stood by, watching the ground begrudgingly split open and a dark hole grow in size beneath the rising trapdoor; the rectangular, space beneath a give-away for the entrance to a subterranean shaft.
Atreus strained one final time and hauled the covering all the way up.  The last few stones and clumps of dirt fell away and he let the hinged door fall onto the ground.  He then staggered back a pace and sat down heavily.
‘You okay?’ Patroclus asked.
Atreus stared up at his brother as he dragged in great gulps of air, his legs still quivering from the effort.  ‘Thanks…for helping,’ he gasped.
‘You had it under control, besides my back’s still cramping from moving that boulder.’
‘You…you poor dear,’ Atreus wheezed.  ‘I hope…you didn’t…do a nail?’
‘You’re the extreme sports junkie.  You’re the one used to doing this sort of nonsense all the time.  I don’t parade around the world acting like…’
‘Yeah…whatever,’ Atreus replied, waiving the comment away.  ‘Do something constructive…and toss a stone in there…Let’s see how deep it is.’
Patroclus bent down and picked up a pebble.  Stepping gingerly towards the hole, he threw it into the black space.  Atreus counted the seconds as they waited for a sound.  After ten seconds without hearing anything, he looked up at his brother.
‘No way!’ Atreus cried, his breathing still slightly laboured.  ‘That’s silly.  It can’t be that deep.’
‘Famous last words,’ Patroclus replied.
“Let me have a look,’ Atreus said as he pulled out his mobile phone and crawled to the edge of the shaft.  Unlocking the touchpad, he lit up the screen and used the faint light to study the opening.  Just inside the edge, he spied a single, steel rung set into the roughly hewn side of the shaft.  Peering even closer, he made out a second rung underneath.
‘Okay, we have a ladder,’ he said brightly.  ‘So far, so good.’
‘Let’s hope those torches are down there and that we can light them,’ Patroclus added.  ‘I don’t fancy navigating just by the light of your phone.’
‘Ah, come on, Pat.  Where’s your sense of adventure and just when you were starting to impress me with your rally car routine this afternoon too.’
‘I know how to drive a car.  Bottomless pits are another story.’
‘Well, it’s a good thing I’m here then isn’t it?’ Atreus said, flashing his brother a big, cheesy grin.  ‘I’ll go first and when I get to the bottom, I’ll light a torch and call up for you, okay?’
Patroclus nodded in reply.  Still on all fours, Atreus scrambled around the edge of the hole until he reached where the first rung was set into the side of the shaft.  He then reached into the opening to place one hand on it and pushed down on it to test its weight.  Satisfied that he wouldn’t be plunging instantly to his death, he lowered his right foot into the hole and found the second rung.  After pausing to again test the weight, Atreus held his breath and swung his whole body into the opening, bracing himself as he did for any unexpected movements.  Everything held.
‘Right, then,’ he said, looking up at Patroclus.  ‘If you don’t hear from me in ten minutes, send in the Saint Bernards.’
‘Just be careful, Trey,’ Patroclus added.  ‘You have a bad habit of believing you’re superman.’
‘Come on, Pat?’ Atreus replied.  ‘It’s me.  What could possibly go wrong?’
Another strategic burst of lightning ripped across the night sky.  Both men paused.
Atreus rolled his eyes skywards.  ‘Thanks, for that,’ he mumbled and then focusing his attention on finding the next rung, he started to descend.
The initial going was easy, but the lower he travelled, the more dank and musty the air became.  Dripping water echoed all around him and the blackness squeezed in; the light of the moon above completely consumed.  His sweating palms and the wet rungs caused him to slip twice, but each time he held on, knowing that if he did fall, there would be nothing but unpleasantness at the bottom.
Three minutes later and still descending, Atreus sensed that the shaft was widening the deeper he climbed and that he was now, more than likely scaling down the side of a much larger chamber.  He could feel a cool breeze blowing against him from the side, but not from underneath as you would expect in a vertical shaft.
Then suddenly he pulled up short.  Atreus pushed his foot down to find the next rung, but ran out of space.  He had reached the bottom.  Cautiously releasing his grip on the rungs, he pulled out his mobile phone and once more activated the light.  The blue glow softly illuminated the immediate space around him.  Pirouetting, he shone the meagre light about.  The emptiness persisted in every direction away from the wall.  He had definitely made his way downwards into a much larger cavern, the sound of dripping water much louder and more consistent in the all-prevailing darkness.
Directing his phone around the base of the ladder, Atreus discovered a low wooden rack with a tattered leather sheet covering a pile of hidden objects.  Lifting a corner of the sheet, Atreus found what the gunman had promised; a stack of wooden torches, which by the smell of them, were already infused with petroleum.  Searching a little more closely, Atreus also found a pile of flint stones, recognising them by their sharp, conchoidal edges.
‘Alright, boy scout, let’s get this party started,’ he encouraged himself.
Placing the fuelled end of one of the torches over the edge of the rack, Atreus selected two hand-sized chunks of flint and kneeled down to try his luck.  He couldn’t hold his phone and strike the stones at the same time, so he just had to try in the dark; a somewhat dangerous exercise as one careless move could crush a finger or cut a nasty gash in his hands from the stones’ sharp edges.  However, failure was not an option.  Taking a deep breath, Atreus steadied himself and visualised success.
With a quick flick of the forearms, he struck one stone with the other, instantly sending a raking pain through the knuckles on his right hand.  Atreus bit back a yelp.  He wanted to shout and curse, but that would only worry Patroclus up on the surface and he didn’t need his brother rushing down the ladder in the dark to help him, just because of his own ineptitude.
Waving his right hand around in the dark, Atreus waited for the pain to subside.  Knowing he had probably just taken all the skin off the knuckles of his right hand, he cursed his luck that he was probably just about to do it again.  Resisting the temptation to get out his phone and inspect his injury, Atreus took a second deep breath and steadied himself to try again.
He whipped the two stones past each other and this time, managed to crack them together.  A single spark flicked upwards into the darkness.  He’d done it, and left his fingers unscathed, but it wasn’t enough.  He tried again, but the spark didn’t carry to the torch.  Again, but no luck.  Again, but still nothing.
Atreus relaxed.  ‘Alright, Trey,’ he whispered, ‘you’re making Neanderthals look good here.  Sort it out.’
Taking another steadying breath, he refocused.  Flicking his hands into motion, the stones smashed against each other and grated another single spark into light.  Atreus watched the speck of fire arc sideways into the darkness, his eyes following its path until, spurred on by his sheer force of will, it fell onto the torch.
‘Bingo!’ he shouted.
The fuel-infused timber instantly ignited.  A yellow tongue of flame licked upwards to greedily spread over the end of the torch.  After a few seconds, a steady flare burned.
‘Take that Neanderthal man!  Who’s more advanced now?’ Atreus cried as he rose to his feet and lifted up the torch.
Spinning around, he surveyed his surrounds.  Atreus was right.  He now stood in a large cavern; the only visible wall being the one behind him with the ladder.  The further confines of the chamber extended out beyond the limits of the torch light.  Turning around, he noted the wall and the floor glistened with moisture, the surface of the rock stained black through countless millennia of water-leaching.  Looking up, the rungs of the ladder disappeared into the narrower confines of the shaft, leaving Atreus with little idea of just how far underground he now stood.
‘Okay, Pat!’ he called, cupping his spare hand around his mouth to better project his voice.  ‘Watch your step!  I’ll be waiting at the bottom!’
Five minutes later, Atreus watched Patroclus step off the ladder and gaze around in the torchlight wearing a stunned expression.  ‘This is incredible,’ he said, ‘but it doesn’t look much like a temple.’
‘Must be a secret back door or something,’ Atreus replied as he bent down to collect a second torch.  ‘I couldn’t imagine you’d build a temple as fancy as Solomon’s and not have a hidden way in and out just in case.’
‘I wonder how often the Freemasons come down here.’
Atreus lit Patroclus’ torch with his and passed it to him.  ‘Who knows, but it must be frequent enough for them to keep this stash of torches in working order.  You good to go?’
His brother refixed his attention on Atreus and set his jaw.  ‘Yes.’
‘Good, then let’s get cracking.’
Atreus led the way into the chamber, his torch held high.  The ladder faded behind them; their passage now surrounded solely by the void and their destiny hidden somewhere ahead of them.  Moving slowly, Atreus noted the smooth and slightly depressed channel in which they walked; a testament to the frequent passage of human feet over the centuries.  They were clearly going the right way.
A few minutes later, Atreus’ torch pushed the emptiness back to light up the far side of the cavern.  A large fracture appeared in the towering wall; the worn-path along which they walked leading right into it.  Atreus approached the crevice and found it wide enough at the base for them to venture inside.  With no other option, he tentatively stepped through.
The air inside immediately pressed inwards with the cool breeze from the larger cavern snuffed out entirely.  The sound of dripping water intensified in the close space; their footsteps now a muffled shuffle, rather than the previous, echoing steps.  The light of their torches flickered across the yellowish-white walls, the tiny calcareous shells embedded in the limestone glittering like tiny stars.  Atreus watched both his footing and the way ahead as they ventured deeper into the fissure.  Then he stopped.
‘What is it?’ Patroclus whispered from behind.
‘I think it’s a door,’ Atreus replied uncertainly, peering ahead.
‘What sort of door?’
‘One that you open and close I suspect.’
‘That’s not what I…’
‘Stay here while I check it out,’ he interrupted
After scanning the passage from top to bottom and not seeing anything suspicious, Atreus moved forward.  As he approached the object, it became more apparent that it was indeed a door.  Made from solid wood and wrapped with studded bronze bands, it had the appearance of not having been used in many years, maybe even centuries, except for one thing.  Three bright, shiny, steel hinges attached the portal to the solid limestone wall.  Atreus then noticed the keyhole below the ringlet latch.
‘Bugger!’ he cursed under his breath.  ‘Better not be locked or me and Toby are going ten rounds when I get back upstairs.’
Atreus stepped up to the door and by the flickering light of his torch, checked it over for wires, hidden catches and anything else that might be a tell-tale sign of a trap.  It was clean.  The door looked safe, but Tobias’ warning screamed inside his head, “God controls your fate inside the Temple.”
Rolling his eyes, Atreus hovered his free hand over the latch and muttered, ‘I knew I shouldn’t have quit Sunday School.  Here goes.’
Grasping the ringlet, he lifted and twisted it.  The heavy door swung open of its own accord and Atreus let go of the handle, holding his breath as the portal swing inwards to rest against the inside wall.  Silence prevailed, but nothing happened.
‘Well, that wasn’t so bad,’ he whispered.  ‘Let’s go shopping.’
Atreus cautiously leaned forwards and thrust his torch through the doorway.  The flames illuminated a narrow passage constructed entirely of massive, smooth-sided, stone blocks, which faded ahead into the gloom.  Again the way looked safe, so he carefully stepped over the threshold and onto the flagstones on the other side.  Still nothing happened.  The floor didn’t fall away.  An axe didn’t come swinging out of the wall to slice him in two.  The ceiling even remained well behaved and stayed right where it should be.
‘Good work, Trey.  Still in one piece.  Just the way you like it,’ he said to himself.  He then called out, ‘I’m in!’
‘Is it safe?’ Patroclus asked.  ‘Can you see any traps?’
‘Yeah.  Heaps of them.  Spiked pits, boiling tar, flying daggers.  It’s a bloody minefield in…’
‘Tell me you’re joking.’
‘Of course I’m joking!  Get up here!  Everything’s fine.’
Patroclus edged his way forward to the threshold and halted, then sheepishly examined the entirety of the door frame before finally peering in.
Atreus sighed.  ‘Enough with the theatrics, Pat,’ he said.  ‘It’s safe as houses.’
‘You’re the one who said something about not getting into Solomon’s Temple through an open door and along a red carpet,’ Patroclus shot back.
‘To be fair, mate, the door was closed and there’s no carpet, so come on.  Let’s get on with it.’
Still Patroclus held fast.  Atreus sighed again and dipped his head.  ‘Okay.  Okay.  I’ll prove it to you.’  Uplifting his torch, he took three steps further down the passage and halted.  He then stamped his right foot, followed by his left and stood still for a moment.  Nothing happened, so he spun around to face his brother.  ‘See?  Nothing’s torn me limb from limb and my head’s still attached to my neck, so come on!’
‘It’s a pity your mouth’s still attached,’ Patroclus mumbled as he stepped through the doorway.
‘I heard that,’ Atreus called back as he turned away to step onto the next flagstone.  ‘Why do you never believe anything I…?’
A faint click sounded as he placed his foot on the stone tile.  Atreus instinctively pulled himself backwards just as a massive object cleaved the air directly in front of his face, blowing his hair backwards.  An almighty clang reverberated throughout the passage, numbing their brains and shredding their wits.  Patroclus impulsively doubled over, wailing with his hands covering his ears.  Atreus froze, the mayhem striking him completely dumb.
The tumult continued to roll back and forth along the corridor for a few moments longer, but then slowly subsided.  The vibrations in the floor died away and the quiet crackling of their torches returned.  Patroclus regathered himself first and raised his head to dare a peek in Atreus’ direction.  His wide eyes grew even larger as a strangled gasp escaped his throat.
Atreus stood about six feet in front of him, his body ramrod straight and arranged as though crucified on an imaginary cross.  He held both arms out wide with one hand still holding the sputtering torch and the other hand spread open, the fingers splayed apart.  He had a slight backward lean and absolutely no intention of making the slightest hint of movement, because not two inches from his nose, there rested an enormous, iron portcullis, its massive, lattice-work forming an impassable barrier across the passage.
‘Trey?’ Patroclus choked out.  ‘Are you okay?’
No answer.  Atreus remained stuck-fast.
‘Trey, talk to me?’ Patroclus persisted.
A whisper flowed back.
‘Sorry, I can’t hear you,’ Patroclus pushed.  ‘What was that?’
‘I said,’ Atreus boomed back, ‘this portcullis could have someone’s eye out!’
Patroclus sighed as his brother relaxed and stepped back from the giant gate to slump heavily against the wall, closing his eyes and exhaling loudly.  After rubbing his face, he blinked a few times and shook his head.
‘Bugger me that was close!’ Atreus cursed.  ‘Remind me to thank Toby for not giving us a heads-up about that!’
‘Maybe now you’ll heed my caution?’ Patroclus pushed.
‘What’s to be cautious about?  We can’t go any further unless we find a way past that thing,’ Atreus replied waving at the portcullis.
‘Yes, quite.’
Atreus pushed himself off the wall and stepped tentatively towards the huge iron grate to inspect it.  ‘Whoever said size doesn’t matter was kidding themselves,’ he muttered.
‘Any thoughts?’ Patroclus asked.
‘There must be a release mechanism somewhere on this side of the portcullis otherwise the masons wouldn’t be able to get past this thing.’
‘And what would this mechanism look like?’
‘It could be anything, but I suspect it’ll be a loose flagstone, either in the floor or on the walls.  You check around the door and I’ll look around up here.’
Patroclus turned his attention to the door at the entrance to the corridor, while Atreus waved his torch over the floor and walls of the corridor.  He methodically checked every flagstone and every crack for irregularities, but after a few minutes of searching, had found absolutely nothing.  ‘Any luck?’ he called out.
‘No,’ Patroclus replied.  ‘There doesn’t seem to be anything around the door.’
Atreus straightened up and stopped to think.  He knew that a flagstone on the floor had activated the trap, but had they moved or touched anything else since entering the passage?  What else could act as a switch?  Then it dawned on him.
‘Got it!’ he called out as he spun around and started walking down the corridor towards the door.
Patroclus halted his search and dubiously watched his brother approach.  ‘You have a solution?’
‘I sure do,’ he replied as he stepped past and bent over to inspect the door.
Patroclus took a few steps back, cautiously eyeing off Atreus and the open portal.  ‘How sure are you of this solution considering you almost just dropped an over-sized portcullis on your head?’
‘Let’s just say I wouldn’t bet the family fortune on it.’
‘How much would you bet on it?’
‘A couple of quid, maybe,’ he answered straightening up and wiping his free hand on his trousers.
‘Perhaps we should keep looking then?’ Patroclus offered.
‘Look, it’s simple,’ Atreus said as he laid his hand on the inside of the door.  ‘We do like our mother said and close the door behind us.’
Patroclus’ heart skipped.  ‘But what if the door locks,’ he protested, ‘and the portcullis doesn’t go up and another trap goes off and that leaves us…?’
A resounding boom abruptly silenced Patroclus’ remonstration as Atreus pushed the door shut.  Patroclus cringed.  Their torches fluttered momentarily in the slight draft as the noise echoed around them.  After a few seconds, silence smothered them once more and the two brothers looked at each other, one with hope and the other with something much less.  Nothing had happened.
Then suddenly a grinding, ratcheting noise filled the corridor and the two men turned to look at the portcullis.  To their amazement and relief, the massive, iron gate was rising steadily off the floor, its massive bulk retracting into a hidden slot in the ceiling.  Patroclus sighed and ran a hand through his hair.  Atreus merely beamed.
Eventually the portcullis vanished from view and the grating noise ceased.  The passage, once again, stood open ahead of them.
‘Shall we?’ Atreus queried, holding a hand out.
‘I guess so,’ Patroclus replied carefully, ‘but next time, let’s discuss what to do next rather than you charging into something typically rash.’
‘Okay,’ Atreus said cheerily back.  He then turned and stepped up to where the portcullis had smashed down.  Pausing, he took a lingering look all around the corridor, and then upon not finding anything worrisome, he exaggeratedly stepped over the offending flagstone.  He then looked behind him to make sure his brother did the same, before leading the way along the gloomy passageway, resuming his scanning of the floor, walls and ceiling in the hope of avoiding any repeat performances of the portcullis episode.
The passage continued on a straight and level setting for some distance; their measured pace and the stifling gloom seeming to stretch time the further they walked.  The cool, thick air pressed in harder around them and their breathing became noticeably louder.  With no marks or bearings to judge how far they had travelled, the tunnel felt endless.  The outside world seemed a thousand miles away.
Then something changed.  The flickering light of Atreus’ torch failed to find the walls and ceiling ahead of them with the emptiness receding upwards and outwards.  Atreus halted with Patroclus close behind.
‘It looks like there might be a junction or a chamber up ahead,’ Atreus said.  ‘Let’s stick to routine.  I’ll go in first and you follow after I’ve given the all clear.’
‘Fine, but remember what I said about not doing anything rash?’ Patroclus whispered harshly back.
‘How could I forget?  You’ve been saying that to me since I was five,’ he said back.
‘Just...’
‘Okay.  Okay,’ Atreus interrupted.  ‘I won’t do anything rash.  You know I like having my head where it is too, so relax.’
Atreus then carefully stepped up to the threshold of the chamber entrance and once more passed his torch over every square inch of the opening.  A full minute later, he came up empty-handed.  Nothing, but just because he couldn’t find anything, that didn’t mean there wasn’t an executioners’ blade quivering over the doorway, waiting to scythe downwards and carve him in two the moment he stepped forward.
‘Come on, scaredy-cat,’ he muttered.  ‘How bad can it be?’
He took a deep breath and gingerly stepped out into the vacant space and nothing happened.  Exhaling, he took a second step and watched as the circle of light from his torch bloomed in the open space, seeking the walls and ceiling of the room.  Atreus peered beyond the sphere of light and made out what appeared to be a square chamber about ten metres across; the passage from which he had entered lying in the centre of the wall behind.  Looking upwards, he noticed the ceiling shimmering on the edge of the torch-light, roughly fifteen metres aloft.
Walking to his left, Atreus approached the left-side bounding wall, the torchlight spreading softly across the stone façade.  He abruptly halted.  A set of arched, double doors, lay in the very centre of the wall, the solid, wooden portals and their thick copper bands, studs and ringed handles gleaming dully in the feathery torchlight.  A stone plaque stretched across the top of the entry way with an inscription chiselled into in ancient Hebrew.  Atreus raised his torch to better read the words.
Easily deciphering the words, he softly read aloud, ‘The Armoury.’
Looking the doors over, he decided against attempting to open them, the memory of the portcullis still ringing inside his head.  Turning away from the portals, Atreus crossed the room to the right-hand side.  There he found a similar set of double, wooden doors with a different Hebrew inscription spread across the crest.
‘The Library,’ he read aloud.  The word fell from his lips as Atreus envisioned a vast chamber of dust-caked shelves stacked solid with ancient scrolls and parchments, the writings detailing centuries of knowledge lost to the world since before the birth of Christ.  Gospels, diaries and lore sourced from the earliest days of man’s rise to civilisation that would pale the significance of the Dead Sea Scrolls and the Nag Hammadi codices.  All this treasure, all this wealth potentially lay waiting behind these two doors.  All he had to do was push them open.  Could he?  Should he?
Taking a deep breath he clenched his fist and reluctantly turned away.  ‘Focus, Trey,’ he said to himself.  ‘Let’s mind our manners and just get the key before something else tries to squash you into the floor.’
Moving back to the centre of the room, Atreus fixed his attention on the centre wall opposite the entry passage.  The guttering light of his torch glimmered off something.  Moving cautiously forward, he found a third set of double, wooden doors, their massive births and height much greater than those leading into the library and the armoury.  The golden adornments of these huge slabs of wood pushed the copper trappings of the other portals into much lesser greatness, the metal bands two-hand spans wide, the ringed latches the diameter of small melons.
Moving his torch around Atreus found small, raised, alcoves flanking both sides of the entry, the arched niches housing the broken remains of limestone figurines.  Atreus inspected the alcoves one at a time, quickly deducing the broken statues to be cherubs, their chubby faces and tightly curled locks still discernible amongst the rubble.  A broken, stone trumpet lay amidst the crumbling ruins of one statuette with a shattered harp amidst the opposing remains, giving further support of the carvings’ divine inspiration.
Stepping back from the entrance, Atreus looked above the frame and found another inscription, this time carved in much larger letters, the Hebrew font spelling two words.  Atreus read them and almost dropped his torch.
A new vision filled his mind, of Kings and Prophets standing in the exact same place that he now stood, each of them preparing to enter into the audience of almighty God Himself.  Atreus was genuinely humbled.  He didn’t know what to say or do except that he should let his brother know what he had just found.  He moved his mouth and articulated his lips to speak, but nothing came out.  For the first time in his entire life, Atreus was utterly speechless.

*          *          *

Enzo sat inside the black van along with his crew.  He had just left Lord Amherst’s apartment and begun the tense wait for information.  His spies were positioned strategically all over the city on the look-out for any sign of the Knights.  He hoped it would not be a long wait.  The vision of his enormous wealth still burned in Enzo’s mind.
His mobile phone vibrated in his pocket.  Pulling it out, he recognised the number as one of his agents positioned in Silwan near the Kidron Valley.
‘What?’ Enzo grunted.
‘I have them,’ the spy declared.  ‘They parked here in the streets and then went down into the valley.  There they met two men who led the Knights to the west slope of the valley and it looks like they’ve climbed up and disappeared.  There might be a hidden tunnel entrance up there.’
‘Stay where you are and keep out of sight.  I’m on my way,’ Enzo growled, then hung up.  Turning to the driver of the van he barked, ‘Get us to Silwan now!’

*          *          *

‘Trey?’ Patroclus whispered from the entrance to the chamber.  ‘Is everything all right?’
Atreus did not move within his pool of torchlight.  Patroclus wondered if some trap or snare had caused his brother to freeze.
‘Trey, what’s wrong?’ Patroclus pushed.
Still Atreus did not budge.
‘Trey?’ Patroclus hissed, his impatience over-powering his anxiety, ‘answer me!’
His brother’s head twitched.  Then, like someone waking from hypnosis, he pivoted and spun to look at Patroclus, a blank expression slating his features.
‘What?’ Atreus asked vaguely.
Patroclus exhaled a long breath.  ‘I thought you were in trouble,’ he said.  ‘Is it safe to come in?’
‘Yeah.  Didn’t you hear me call?’
‘No,’ Patroclus replied testily as he cautiously entered the room.  ‘You didn’t say anything.  You just stood there, staring into space.’
‘You sure?  I could’ve sworn I called out to tell…’
‘You didn’t say anything, Trey,’ Patroclus reaffirmed as he stood beside his brother and scanned the room.  ‘What were you looking at anyway?’
A wide grin spread across his brother’s face.  ‘Well, if you didn’t hear what I said, then you’re going to love this,’ Atreus replied as he turned and walked up to the gold-adorned, double doors in front of them.
Patroclus looked ahead and spotted the doors for the first time, instantly freezing.  Atreus turned around and spread his arms wide like a salesman unveiling a new car.
‘Pretty impressive, hey?’ he said.
‘Stupendous,’ Patroclus whispered, his gaze devouring the sight.  ‘These doors must be…’
‘Forget the doors, Pat,’ Atreus cut-in.  ‘Check-out the inscription above them.’
Patroclus’ gaze rose over the portals to take in the Hebrew inscription.  He mouthed the words softly and then frowned.  He re-read the inscription and then his jaw dropped slackly open.  Atreus’ grin spread even wider.  He moved away from the doors and stood beside his brother to jointly admire the words.
‘Just so I know I’m not dreaming,’ he said, ‘read the inscription out loud would you, Pat?’
‘Temple Furnishings,’ Patroclus answered in monotone.
‘Good because that’s exactly how I read it.  Temple Furnishings it is then,’ Atreus said as he walked back towards the doors to look them over more closely.
‘Trey, is it possible...?’ Patroclus started and then trailed off.
‘Is what possible?’
Patroclus stood pensive for a moment and then shook his head.  ‘It doesn’t matter.  Just a thought.’
‘Let me guess,’ Atreus asked as he lowered himself to the floor to try peering through the crack at the base.  ‘You’re wondering if it’s possible the actual temple furnishings are still behind these doors aren’t you?’
‘Well, yes, but that’s just silly.’
Atreus suddenly straightened up on his knees and looked back.  ‘Why?’
‘Because, the Temple was ransacked by Nebuchadnezzar in the sixth century and I assume the furnishings would’ve been either destroyed or pillaged at that time?’
‘Why?’ Atreus repeated.  ‘Why couldn’t they still be in there?’ he asked, jerking his thumb at the massive doors.  ‘These doors don’t look broken.’
‘Well, that’s true, but over fifteen centuries have passed since...’
‘Fifteen, shmifteen,’ Atreus interrupted as he got back to his feet and walked towards his brother, his eyes glittering in the torch light.  ‘Who cares how many centuries it’s been?’
‘Trey, fifteen centuries is one and a half thousand years!’
‘I know that.  What’s your point?’
Patroclus pulled a face as goose flesh broke out along his spine.  ‘You don’t really think…?’
‘Yes, I do.’
‘But, that’s impossible!’
‘Pat, stop it,’ Atreus interrupted.  ‘Don’t be such a pessimist.  Why do you think the Freemasons are so prepared to die to keep this place a secret?  Why do you think they threatened us at gunpoint before showing us the way in?’
‘Maybe they…?’
‘No maybes.  This is for real.  This is for really real.  We, right now, are probably standing outside a chamber that has most likely lain undisturbed for, as you quite rightly point out, over one and a half thousand years.’
‘But, that’s not…’
‘Yes, it is!’ Atreus continued.  ‘Believe me it is possible.  I’ll bet that if we open these doors, we’re going to find the original bronze furnishings, hand-made by Hiram to adorn Solomon’s palace over three thousand years ago and that apart from our dodgy Freemason pals, we’re probably the only people to have walked into this chamber since the Babylonians flattened the original temple way back in five eighty-six BC’
‘No.  No, I can’t accept that,’ Patroclus mumbled as he bowed his head and shook it.  ‘That’s too far-fetched,’
‘Ahh!  I don’t believe you!’ Atreus wailed, throwing his hands in the air.  ‘I sometimes wonder if we’re twins at all.’
‘Do you think the key could be in there?’ Patroclus asked, trying to change the subject.
‘Probably,’ Atreus replied, turning away from Patroclus to inspect the left-hand alcove beside the doors.  ‘The other two rooms off to the sides are The Library and The Armoury.  I doubt you’d put something like one of the keys in either of them.’
Patroclus’ face perked up.  ‘There’s a library down here?’ he asked.
‘Hands off Lara Croft,’ Atreus warned as he picked up the broken Cherub’s trumpet.  ‘We’re here for the key and nothing else.  We made a promise, remember?’
‘A promise?  To whom?’
‘To the crazy, gun-wielding Freemasons outside.  Not to mention our dear old friend Winston too.’
‘But, can’t we just have a quick look?’
‘No.’
‘Come on?  I won’t take anything.  What can a quick look hurt?’
Atreus glanced back at Patroclus and found him giddily looking around for the entrance to the library.  He sighed.  Atreus could not understand Patroclus’ overriding fascination with all things literary. Patroclus preferred to find tomes and scrolls and things he could pore over and research, whereas Atreus himself preferred to actually find the objects that had shaped the course of human events, not just read about them.  If a map turned up showing the location of the Holy Grail, Patroclus would be happy to keep the map.  However, Atreus would walk through death and destruction to find the grail itself.
‘Pat, listen to me,’ Atreus said walking back to stand in front of Patroclus who was still looking about.  He grabbed his brother’s shoulder and shook him hard.  ‘Pat, look at me!’
Patroclus stopped his search and fixed onto Atreus’ glittering green eyes.
‘Now you know I’m not a religious man and I know you aren’t either, but the Freemasons are right,’ he said patiently.  ‘This is the House of God and we have no right prying around for our own self-satisfaction.  We came down here to get one thing, the key, and that’s all.  As soon as we’ve found it, we should get out of here as quickly as possible and then return it when we’re finished with it.  Everything down here belongs to something far older and far more powerful than either of us, whether it be God Himself or the Jewish religion doesn’t matter.  We aren’t allowed to go messing around with this stuff and as unusual as it is to hear these words from my mouth, the thought of doing the wrong thing down here scares the living bejeebers out of me so, let’s behave.  Okay?’
Patroclus’ gaze stayed locked on Atreus, his searing blue eyes still burning with temptation.
‘Promise me, Pat,’ Atreus urged.  ‘Promise me you’ll behave.’
The flames raged in Patroclus’ eyes a few moments longer, but then flickered out.  ‘Very well,’ Patroclus murmured.  ‘I suppose you’re right.’
‘Good,’ Atreus replied emphatically as he dropped his hand from his brother’s shoulder and stepped back.  ‘Now that we’ve got that sorted, let’s get inside and find this key.’
‘Do you think the doors are trapped?’
‘I doubt it.  I don’t have a doctorate in ancient Semitic psychology, but it just doesn’t seem right to booby-trap the entrance to a place as holy as this.’
‘A certain portcullis comes to mind.’
‘Yeah, but I’ve got a good feeling about these doors and besides,’ Atreus said, setting a firm stance in front of the golden doorway as though he were preparing to face an army waiting on the other side, ‘we can’t afford to leave here without the key.  Humankind is depending on us.’
Patroclus froze upon detecting the bravado in Atreus’ voice.  ‘Let’s think about this a moment shall we?’ he attempted.  ‘Perhaps there’s some way we can open the doors from a safe distance, so if there is a trap we might be out of range when we set it off?’
‘Maybe, but we don’t have time.  Hold my torch,’ Atreus said as he held his light out to the side at arm’s length.
‘Wait a moment, Trey,’ Patroclus pleaded.  ‘I really don’t think this is the time for heroics.’
‘Take my torch now, Pat, or it goes on the floor.’
Patroclus rifled his brain for any plausible excuses he could use to deter his brother from opening the doors.  He failed and looked up just in time to see Atreus’ torch start to slip from his hand.  Dashing forward, he grabbed the base of the light just before it fell free.  Meanwhile, Atreus ignored his brother’s desperate lunge and strode forward to firmly grip the two ringlets in both hands and turn them outward.
Pulling on the doors, Atreus expected them to be heavy, but instead they easily pivoted on the golden hinges.  He stepped back as the portal opened and released the rings.  The doors continued to swing outwards until they rested softly against the edges of the stone frame.
The massive entryway gaped before them; the blackness beyond the threshold threatening to flow outwards and consume them.  A deep silence settled as both brothers focused on the wall of darkness.  Somewhere inside lay humankind’s salvation, but the Knights also knew that they might have to barter death to gain it.

*          *          *

Tobias and his Freemason colleague crouched amongst the thick shrubbery on the edge of the road, their unease rising with the worsening weather.  The half-moon had long since disappeared beneath the western bank and the advancing thunderstorm now filled the void in the night sky.  Paranoia set in as the constant sheet lightning threatened to expose their position, while the rolling thunder bounced off the valley walls, shredding their nerves.  Both men had considered leaving their post several times, but duty to the cause kept them reluctantly in place.
Then they saw them; two men approaching from the north, near the Pillar of Absalom.  The men were hurrying as if to beat the weather, their pace something between a fast walk and a jog.  A Hebrew conversation trickled out above the heavenly din, confirming their rush to seek shelter as quickly as possible.  Considering the circumstances, the interlopers’ behaviour appeared perfectly normal, so the Freemasons decided to stay out of sight and out of the way to let them continue past.  There was no need for trouble if they could avoid it.
Suddenly the night erupted behind Tobias and his colleague; the realisation of their folly coming all too late.  With their attention centred on the two approaching men, they had neglected to watch any other direction.  Two additional, unseen intruders rose up on them from behind, taking them by surprise.  The Freemasons struggled with their attackers, but it was futile and they were quickly overpowered.
  Seconds later, Tobias found himself pressed against the dirt road, unable to move, his pistol lying uselessly in front of him only inches away, but as good as a mile for all he could do.  Pulled roughly to his knees, he looked up into the shadowy features of a short, stocky man.  A flash of lightning lit up Enzo’s face.
‘I’ll ask you once,’ Enzo growled.  ‘Where are the Knights?’
Tobias glared silently back and shook his head.
‘That’s what I thought you’d say.’
Enzo lifted his gaze to his compatriots and dragged a single finger across his neck.  Tobias’ eyes lit up as he realised his fate.  He tried to scramble to his feet, but never got the chance.
The garrotting wire slipped over his head and cut into his bare throat.  He kicked and thrashed and tried to scream, but the storm quelled his cries.  A minute later, Tobias and his colleague were dead.
Enzo’s crew carried the Freemason’s bodies to the Pillar of Absalom and dumped them in the shadows.  There they could lie until morning when they would be found and written off as just another two victims in what was already recognised as a dangerous area to frequent in the small hours of the night.
With his men all together, Enzo quietly addressed them.  ‘Spread yourselves out along the path from the Pillar down to the spring.  Night scopes and silencers on,’ he instructed.  ‘We take them alive.  Shoot to wound if you have to, but no one dies unless I say so.  Got it?’
His three crew members nodded and moved away into position.  Enzo then took one final look up the western slope.  He knew his prey was up there somewhere and soon he would have them.  He could already smell the piles and piles of money.  Grinning, he slipped into the shadows and crouched down to wait.

*          *          *

‘See?’ Atreus said, breaking the suspense.  ‘I told you it’d be alright.’
Patroclus shook his head as he stepped up next to his brother to stand in front of the gaping portal.  ‘One day, Trey, you’re going to be wrong and that crazy bravado you call fun, will get you killed,’ he said.
Atreus reached across and reclaimed his torch from Patroclus and replied, ‘You’re probably right, but so far I’ve come up trumps and let’s hope it stays that way, at least until we’re done saving the world that is.’
He then held his torch up against the yawning gap in front of them.  The darkness stubbornly inched back, but nothing revealed itself beyond the threshold.
‘Well, there’s only way to do this,’ Atreus said.  ‘Feet first.  You coming?’
Patroclus closed his eyes and steadied his breathing.  Then he nodded.
‘Okay.  Lets’ do it,’ Atreus said and stepped forward, with Patroclus flanking his right side.
The two brothers passed over the threshold and into the musty confines of the chamber, the still, heavy air cloying in their lungs.  After taking a few more steps, they halted; their flickering circle of torchlight completely surrounded by impenetrable blackness.  Atreus probed his torch to the left and forced the void a little further back.  Then he saw it and his pulse instantly skipped into high gear.
‘Tell me, Pat’ Atreus said slowly, ‘that you can see it too.’
‘I can see it,’ his brother replied in monotone, ‘but I don’t believe it.’
A fiery red gleam sparkled on the periphery of the pool of light, the distinctive, ruddy colour rousing deep suspicions in both men’s minds.  Atreus stepped closer while Patroclus trailed behind, both brothers voraciously watching the light wash outwards ahead of them.  The darkness eventually receded to reveal a wall, and something else.  Patroclus sucked in a sharp breath while Atreus just stared.
Lined up against the wall stood a series of identical, intricately crafted bronze trolleys, their lustrously smooth surfaces polished to a supreme finish.  Atop each of the trolleys there rested a perfectly circular, bronze basin, each individual vessel almost two metres in diameter.  A liberal display of flora and fauna comprising lions, bulls, palm trees and frolicking cherubs decorated each trolley; the spoked wheels, rims and axles also fashioned from the same exquisitely hued metal.
‘Pat,’ Atreus said, his words slow and measured, ‘I can see five trolleys here.  What’s the bet there’s another five trolleys against the wall on the other side?’
‘I…I don’t…,’ Patroclus stammered.
‘Believe it, Pat.  Believe it.  This is straight from the Old Testament itself.’
Patroclus stood frozen in place, his features blank.  Then as if in a trance, he started to walk slowly forward.  Atreus whipped out a hand and clapped his brother on the shoulder.  Patroclus’ head snapped around.
‘Steady on, mate,’ Atreus said.  ‘You promised to behave.  We’re not here for the furnishings.  We came to get a key, so let’s leave the biblical ornaments alone and get on with finding it shall we?’
The tell-tale glint of temptation momentarily reignited in Patroclus’ eyes, but he quickly regained control.  ‘Yes.  Yes, of course,’ he said, ‘but you have to admit, Trey not even you expected to find anything quite as magnificent as this did you?’
Atreus shook his head.  ‘Not even close, Pat.  Not even close.’
Patroclus smiled.  ‘Okay.  So, where do we start?’
‘Well, it looks like we’ll probably have to search this entire chamber,’ Atreus started as he pivoted to survey the dark, ‘and I have a feeling it’s pretty big, so it might be best if we split up.  How’s about you walk along this side and I’ll take the other side?’  Patroclus nodded.  ‘Okay, let’s get moving.  The key has to be in here somewhere, so regardless of what you find, and I reckon you’ll find plenty, stay focused.  We’re here for the key and nothing else.’
‘Absolutely and Trey?’ Patroclus asked.  Atreus turned.  ‘Thanks for not saying I told you so.’
Atreus grinned.  ‘Missed a perfect opportunity there didn’t I?’
‘Yes, you did.’
Atreus turned to move away, but then stopped and called back.  ‘Hey, I know this sounds odd coming from me, but be careful.  I’ve got a bad case of the willies in here, so let’s get this over sharpish and get out.  Capisca?’  Patroclus nodded in reply.  ‘Right.  Holler if you find anything.’
Atreus turned back to the dark and carefully made his way forward.  As he inched ahead, he pondered his warning to Patroclus.  Atreus had been in all manner of temples and holy places around the world, sourced from a myriad of different cultures, both ancient and present-day, but this chamber had an aura about it; almost a presence, as if they were not alone in the room.  The discovery of the Temple Furnishings proved beyond doubt that they were in the bowels of the Temple of Solomon, which was incredible alone, but that fact carried an even greater significance.  The Temple was originally built to house the Ark of the Covenant and by all accounts, the Ark was a vessel used for directly communing with God.  Atreus took a deep breath.  All this religion stuff was starting to get to him.
Suddenly the opposite wall materialised on the edge of his torchlight and Atreus came upon exactly what he had guessed.  Another five equally immaculate bronze trolleys rested against this wall, each bearing identical embellishments as the others and crowned with matching basins.  Moving past them, he made his way further along the wall and discovered a long line of large pots and bowls resting on the floor, each of them crafted from the same fiery metal.  He then came across a long horizontal recess set into the stone wall at about waist height, its depth forcing the very rear portions to remain hidden in shadow from the torchlight.  Lowering his torch, the illumination washed over the shelf to reveal a row of perfectly aligned smaller bronze bowls and other spoon-like implements.
Atreus leaned in closer to inspect the spoons.  Then it came to him.  ‘They’re shovels,’ he whispered, ‘just like the Good Book says.’  Straightening up, Atreus realised he had a great big smile on his face.  ‘It’s just like a lolly shop,’ he murmured.
Leaving the shovels and bowls behind, Atreus continued walking.  As he moved deeper into the room and along the recess, the deep auburn gleam of the bronze ornaments changed to a kaleidoscope of fiery reds, deep indigos and dazzling yellows.  It appeared as though someone had opened a chest of jewels and scattered them across the shelf.  Leaning in for a closer look, Atreus’ gaze pushed through the brilliant display.  A throaty gasp escaped his lips.
The recess lay covered with an extraordinary assortment of heavily-jewelled, ceremonial regalia.  Sceptres and orbs, incense burners and candle holders, brooches and clasps, all rested together creating a blur of colour.  Gold, silver and copper abounded.  Wealth, the likes of which the Vatican Treasury or the Crown Jewels of England could not rival, lay scattered underneath Atreus’ nose, tempting him to stroke and adore them.  His pulse trotted like a race horse as his gaze galloped across the display.
‘These must be gifts to the court of Solomon,’ he said to himself, ‘or else it’s the result of some casual shopping for his seven hundred wives.’
After a few moments of indulgent gawking, Atreus slowly became aware of an unsettling feeling within his stomach.  The feeling then began to spread out and move up his torso and along his arms and down his legs.  As the sensation swelled, his muscles started to shake, his strength leaching away.  The feeling seeped up his neck and eventually crept into his head, its numbing tendrils infusing his mind.
    Atreus’ knees grew flimsy and his vision blurred.  His entire body now trembled uncontrollably as he struggled to remain upright.  All he could think to do was lie prostrate on the floor.
Reaching out for support, he rested his free hand on the recess and braced himself.  What was happening?  Where had this feeling come from?  Atreus bobbed on his feet as his knees faltered.  This was outrageous.  He had to regain control.
Finding a random object in the recess on which to focus his sight, Atreus strained to force his now swimming vision back towards clarity.  The mass of gold, silver and precious stones threw back a glassy sheen of colour.  He felt his forehead thump against the wall as he swayed forward.
Atreus refused to give in.  Clamping his jaws tight, he concentrated hard on the object on the shelf.  A single blue spark shone through his swimming vision.  Atreus fixed on it.  The exertion paid off.  The glaze receded to the edges of his vision and Atreus felt strength return to his legs.  His knees locked themselves back into position and he pushed himself away from the wall.  The numbing sensation contracted from his arms and legs and eventually balled-up inside his stomach to cause one final pang of discomfort.  Then it was gone.
Atreus stood stock-still and wondered if the feeling would make a comeback.  After a few moments, his condition held unswayed.  He was in the clear.
‘What on Earth was...?’ he started to say.
Then he noticed it.  He’d been staring at it all along without even realising it.  The object had in fact been Atreus’ saviour; it’s just that without his wits, it hadn’t registered.  Leaning in closer, he scrutinised the item.  Set amongst the exquisite artefacts around it, the object appeared a little plain, but certainly beautiful in its own unique way.  The smile returned to Atreus’ face.
‘Pat?’ he called out.  ‘You better get over here!  You’ll want to see this!’
‘I think you better come up here, Trey,’ returned Patroclus’ quavering voice.
Atreus turned sharply around.  He expected to see his brother’s torch against the opposing wall of the chamber, but instead found it further up towards the head of the room, the encircling pool of light haloing his inert form.  Patroclus’ back was turned to Atreus as his gaze plunged into the wall of blackness before him.  Something didn’t seem right.
Atreus moved away from the recess and slowly approached.  Even from behind he could see Patroclus was quivering all over, which meant only one thing.  His brother had succumbed to the same debilitating sensation he had just overcome.
Creeping up beside Patroclus, Atreus closely scrutinised him.  A glazed look coated his brother’s face, his eyes glassy and unaware.  The man had not yet collapsed, but his mind was definitely no longer in control of his body.
‘Pat?’ Atreus probed.  ‘Can you hear me?’
Patroclus’ voice floated back in an awestruck tone.  ‘Trey, that’s a veil in front of us isn’t it?’
Atreus looked forwards and noticed the air delicately shimmering a few feet in front of them, like a sheer curtain under moonlight.  ‘Yeah, I think so.  It looks like a black veil.’
‘The Tabernacle had a veil didn’t it?’
‘I always thought it was more of a curtain, but it could’ve been a veil, I guess.’
‘How high do you think the ceiling is in here?’ Patroclus continued to question, his eyesight glued to the gossamer screen in front.
Atreus looked up.  ‘Five or six metres,’ he answered.  A thought suddenly slipped into his mind.  Slowly, he levelled his gaze back to the front.
Patroclus carried on.  ‘Which means you could probably fit a couple of big, olive-wood cherubs in there, couldn’t you?’
Atreus spoke slowly and clearly.  ‘You mean the sort of cherubs that are about four and a half metres tall with their wings spread out like a canopy?’
‘Yeah, those sorts of cherubs,’ Patroclus replied dreamily.  ‘Now, tell me those two things I can see in there aren’t the ends of two gold covered setim rods?’
Atreus felt his stomach begin to ball up again.  If he looked hard through the shimmering veil, he could in fact see the tips of two golden rods emerging from out of the darkness.  Sweat beaded on his brow.  He felt his knees slacken.  Atreus shut his eyes tight.
Concentrating hard, he clenched his fists, while resisting the urge to drop to the floor.  Dragging a deep breath in through his flared nostrils, Atreus managed to halt the spreading feeling.  Slowly, it melted away from his mind and crept back down his spine.  His body relaxed and eventually, the sensation balled up again in his stomach and faded away.  Atreus exhaled.  He had beaten it a second time.
Opening his eyes, he now knew what the sensation was.  Deliberately ignoring the black veil in front of them, he turned to Patroclus and started to carefully explain some instructions.  ‘Pat, I want you to listen to me?  You have to…,’ he calmly started, but then abruptly stopped as his brother took a tentative pace forward, his spare hand raised and reaching out towards the shimmering veil.  ‘Stop, Pat!’
Patroclus continued to reach forward, his seeking fingers trembling in the torchlight.  The veil beckoned, just beyond his grasp.  He reached fractionally further.
‘Pat!  No!’ Atreus called more urgently, his raised voice falling flat in the thick air.  ‘Stop it!  You can’t!’
Patroclus flinched and then froze.  His gaze unlocked from the shadowy curtain and he looked uncertainly around.  Realising his left arm was outstretched and not knowing why, he pulled it quickly into his chest and stepped back.  Turning, he looked uncertainly across at Atreus, his big eyes, round and glossy.  ‘What’s going on?’ he asked hesitantly.
‘Nothing,’ Atreus gently replied as he stepped forward to steer his brother away from the veil and back towards the side of the chamber.
‘But, what was that feeling?’ Patroclus pushed.  ‘Why couldn’t I move?’
They arrived back at the recess in the wall where Atreus had fended off the sensation the first time.
‘Tell me, Trey!’ Patroclus pushed.  ‘What happened back there?’
Atreus looked into his brother’s eyes and found a mixture of fear and bewilderment.  The emotion proved Atreus’ theory.
‘I think, Pat, you and I just experienced a solid bout of good old-fashioned reverence,’ he said.
Patroclus opened his mouth to speak, but then froze as he recalled the veil and the shadowy object behind it.
‘That’s right,’ Atreus continued.  ‘If that black veil really is marking the confines of the tabernacle and those two gold rods are in fact attached to the Ark of the Covenant, then there’s every chance we may well have just been in the presence of you-know-who.’
Patroclus reshaped his mouth to speak again, but froze afresh.
‘I know.  I know,’ Atreus added, clasping a hand on his brother’s shoulder and turning him to the recess.  ‘It’s all a bit deep and meaningful, but let’s try and forget it for now because I’ve got a surprise for you.  Have a look at this.’
Patroclus closed his mouth and let his gaze follow Atreus’ gesture down to the recess, his eyes lighting up as the glittering array of artefacts swam before him.  His mouth gaped open once more.
‘Yes, it looks like a Vatican City garage sale, but if you look closely...,’ Atreus said as he leaned in to inspect the items, ‘somewhere in here...ah, there it is.’
Patroclus pressed in behind Atreus as he pointed toward the object of his search.
‘It’s not quite as big as I expected it to be,’ Atreus added, ‘but there’s no doubt about it.  That’s the same object Jack showed me last night in the study and it’s the same object depicted on the Marib Tablet.’
‘The key!’ Patroclus whispered excitedly.  ‘Trey, you found it!’
‘Yes, indeed.  There it is, but don’t go off too early, mate.  We’re only halfway home.  We’ve still got a second key to find and I don’t have the first clue as to where to start looking for that one.’
‘But you found this one and I have to admit, I really thought our efforts would prove fruitless, so finding the second key should also be achievable.  Maybe the Freemasons know where that one is too?’
‘Yeah, maybe though I doubt it and even if they do, we’ve still got those terrorists from Winston’s place to worry about.  We don’t have a clue who they are or what they’re after and based on our last little encounter, I don’t think a few choice pugilist moves are going to get us out of round two.’
‘You said something about them perhaps being involved with Jack’s commander?  Do you think that’s likely?’
‘Absolutely, and there’s another drama to consider.  Even if we do find the second key, we’ve still got a megalomaniac alien to deal with,’ Atreus said as he put his spare hand on his hip and eyed off the key resting on the shelf.  ‘No, we’re not even close to out of the woods and for all we know, those terrorists are up there right now in the valley waiting for us to stick our heads out so they can take pot shots at us.’
Patroclus slowly raised his gaze to the ceiling, while Atreus continued musing.
‘If I had my way, I’d stay down here as long as possible, but considering what we just found over there,’ he said flicking his head towards the front of the chamber, ‘I’m not sure we’re exactly welcome.  Something about a rock and a hard place comes to mind.’
‘Well, we need to do something,’ Patroclus replied, ‘and standing around here, who knows how far underground, is not going to solve our problems.’
‘No, it’s not,’ Atreus replied firmly as he turned to face his brother.  ‘So are you ready to stick your head out possibly get it shot off?’
Patroclus rolled his eyes and looked back towards the veil for a few moments.  He then pressed his lips together and fixed Atreus with a stare.  ‘Yes,’ he said firmly, ‘but you go first.’

14.

Atreus poked his head out of the shaft and into the night.  Rising above the lip of the hole he looked about.  A flash of lightning seared his night vision, causing him to flinch.  Atreus kept his eyes closed a few moments longer and then reopened them, waiting as the white glare melted away to once again reveal the shadows of night.  He could not see anyone.
Carefully, Atreus climbed out of the hole and crouched on the ground next to it.  Sheet and fork lightning raced across the night sky, incessantly accompanied by high-pitched cracks and rolling drawls of thunder.  An electric charge seemed to permeate the air; the hairs on his arms and the back of his neck tingling with the energy.
‘At least it’s not raining,’ Atreus muttered to himself.
Using the lightning as an aid, he took one last look around for any intruders and found only the scraggly shapes of the juniper bushes and the thick, long grass to be his companions.  Crawling back to the shaft, he searched around for a small pebble.  Finding one, he threw it down the opening to signal to Patroclus it was clear for him to come up.  Five minutes later his brother emerged.
‘What time is it, Pat?’ Atreus asked, not worried about his voice being heard above the storm.
‘Just after two.’
‘Okay.  Let’s get this cover back on the shaft and get out of here.’
‘What about Tobias?’
‘If he’s still out here somewhere, he can come get us.  I’m not waiting around for him.’
The two brothers then together lifted the wooden cover off the ground and replaced it over the shaft entry.  Next, they man-handled the boulder back into place on top and pushed some loose dirt around and over it to complete the disguise.  When finished, they stopped to catch their breaths and checked for any movement around them.  Nothing presented itself.
‘Right,’ Atreus started, ‘let’s do the same thing we did on the way up except in reverse.  I’ll go straight back down the way we came with you a few meters behind.  Take it steady, but don’t dawdle.  Then when we get to the bottom, we sneak back along the edge of the road to Silwan, get in the car and get out of here.  Try and move as quietly as possible and stay as low as you can.  Just don’t lose your footing on the way down.  The storm will probably hide the noise, but it won’t stop you from banging yourself up if you take a tumble.’
Patroclus nodded and Atreus moved off.  He started by cleaving as straight a path as possible down the slope while adopting a half-crouching posture.  The awkward movement and difficult terrain soon set his thighs burning with the exertion.  It reminded him of rugby training when he was a teenager.  Who would have thought that twenty years later, he’d be grateful for that punishment, the exercises allowing him to sneak down a lightning-raked hillside in the middle of the night in the world’s holiest of cities; all in an attempt to avoid hidden gunmen?  His old coach would be proud.
The valley floor finally arrived beneath Atreus’ feet.  He stood up straight and rubbed the pain from his legs.  Turning, he watched Patroclus step out of the grass to stand close by him, also vigorously rubbing his thighs.
‘Right then,’ Atreus said as he looked up and down the length of the road, ‘let’s get back to the car and find somewhere safe to hole up for the rest of the night, so we can work out what to do next.’
‘Where can we go?’ Patroclus asked.  ‘We can’t go back to the Freemasons apartment and I doubt if we can go back to my penthouse.  The police and or the terrorists will likely be there by now.’
‘I suggest we go back to the Lear,’ Atreus replied.  ‘It’s our quickest route out of danger.  Cool with that?’  A nod returned.  ‘Good.  Follow me.’
Atreus turned to head down the road towards Silwan, but instantly froze.
Standing directly in the middle of the road about twenty metres further down in the direction they wanted to go was a man; a man who hadn’t been visible until just that moment.  Spinning around Atreus looked the other way.  His heart skipped a beat.  Two more men stood in their way to the north.  Patroclus spun to follow Atreus’ gaze.
‘Tobias had only one friend didn’t he?’ Patroclus asked.
‘It’s not Tobias,’ Atreus said through clenched teeth.  ‘Him and his mate are probably dead.’
‘Why would you say that?’ Patroclus asked, spinning to face his brother, only to find him gazing down at his own chest.  ‘What’s that red dot?’
Atreus lifted his head.  ‘Probably a laser-sight from a high-powered rifle.  Getting into the cross-hairs seems to a bad habit today.’  However, no sooner had he finished espousing his hypothesis and a second red dot lit up on his chest.  ‘Make that two high-powered rifles.’
‘Mark them!’ growled a surly, Italian voice from behind the brothers.  ‘If anyone runs, bring them down.’
The Knights turned to face the south.  A fourth man emerged from cover on the western bank to walk past the stationery man who lifted a long object to his shoulder.  A red dot now appeared on Patroclus’ chest.
‘And that makes three.  Resistance appears to be futile,’ Atreus drawled.
The fourth man strode confidently up to his captives and put his hands on his hips.  A surge of lightning lit up the interloper, revealing him to be rather short and sporting a scalp teaming with tight curls.  Giving them what they assumed was a steely glare, he stood silently in front of them for a few moments and then spoke.  ‘Hand them over,’ Enzo said.
‘What do you reckon, Pat?’ Atreus asked sidelong to his brother.  ‘Small man syndrome?’
Patroclus just stood stock still, staring downwards at the laser-guided red dot on his chest.  Atreus rolled his eyes.
‘Tito!’ Enzo called out.
One of the men behind the Knights then appeared from the side with a rifle slung over his shoulder.  The man then walked up next to the little Italian and halted.  Atreus and Patroclus tilted their chins upwards to take in the towering bulk of the newcomer.  He was a giant, standing at least seven foot tall and bearing a width across the shoulders that would put most oxen to shame.
‘Let me guess?  Big man syndrome,’ Atreus quipped.
‘No,’ Enzo said with a leer stretched across his face.  ‘Meet Tito.  He has homicidal maniac syndrome.  Now give me what I want.’
 Atreus swallowed hard and then replied as casually as he could, ‘No problem.’  As he spoke, his eyes unintentionally flicked back towards the looming monster.  ‘Just tell us exactly what it is you want us to give you?’ he added.
Enzo took a step closer and in a lower tone explained his intentions.  ‘Give me the keys now or I have Tito crush every finger on all your hands.’
Atreus quickly considered their position.  A rather angry, little Italian man wanted to rob them and smash all of their fingers.  They had at least two rifles pointed at them; one in front and a second from behind.  The valley had them hemmed in and it was a very long way to run over open ground before reaching any form of decent cover and to complete the nightmare scenario, the human version of Godzilla had just turned up on the bad guys’ side.  Physical escape was clearly out of the question, so Atreus concluded the only remaining avenue was to use his wit and charm and talk themselves out.
‘Take us to your boss,’ Atreus tried.  ‘We’ll give the keys only to him.’
‘I’m the boss, so give them to me, now!’ Enzo replied.
‘Nice try, my little Italian friend,’ Atreus continued to bluff, hoping to put their aggressor on the back foot, ‘but you’re the hired muscle.  Blokes like you don’t have the brains to run a show like this.  There’s someone smarter than you isn’t there and probably richer too because they’ve presumably offered to pay you a fair wad of cash to catch us?  Otherwise, why the hell are you standing out here in the middle of the night, armed to the teeth in a thunder storm with all your buddies?  No, you’re not the boss.  Now stop wasting our time and take us to him.’
A long pause ensued while Enzo appraised Atreus.  At length he spoke, his tone low and threatening.  ‘You got some big kahunas, my friend, telling me what to do with two rifles pointed at your head and no one around to care if you live or die.’
‘I care if I live or die, but the offer stands.  Take us to your boss or you get nothing.’
‘How about I put a bullet in each of you and just take the keys?’
‘And what if we don’t have the keys on us, smarty-pants?’ Atreus pushed.  ‘What if we only have the information on how to get the keys?  How’s the boss-man going to feel about missing out on getting his goods twice in one day, especially after you let us get away this afternoon?’
‘You got lucky this afternoon,’ Enzo growled.  ‘Tonight your luck runs out.’
‘So, it was you that blew-up Winston’s place.  You mongrel...’ Atreus cursed as he started to lurch forward towards Enzo, but then froze as the red dot on his chest flicked up to glare into his eyes.  Flinching, he stepped back, his hands shielding the red light.
‘Easy, wise guy,’ Enzo returned.  ‘Like I said, you got some big kahunas, but okay.  I’ll take you in, but I guarantee, it won’t do you no good.  It might add a few hours to your lives, but either way, Tito here is going to get his fun tonight.’
Atreus and Patroclus looked back up at the behemoth who now slid a long object free of a sheath tied to his thigh.  A flash of lightning lit up an evil blade in the giant’s hand, one side curved and lethal, the other jagged and vicious.  A murderous grin matched the knife’s intent.  This time both brothers swallowed hard.
‘Put them in the van,’ Enzo barked, ‘and don’t bruise them, too much.’

15.

The energy in the room matched the ferocity of the storm outside.  Atreus and Patroclus both sat rigid on the couch.  Atreus sat back, his arms folded and his head dipped, but his eyes peering balefully out from beneath his clenched brow.  Patroclus sat forward on the edge of the cushion, his elbows resting on his knees and his hands wrought together like welded steel, his eyes also glaring ahead like a Doberman eyeing off a burglar.  Enzo and another of his crew stood behind the couch, ready to restrain them if needed.
Across from them sat a third man, their host.  He was an elderly man, frail in build and wearing a tweed jacket and trousers.  Despite his twilight years and the lateness of the hour, the man appeared bright and alert, a sharp glint sparkling in his eye.  In contrast to the Knight brothers’ open hatred, he returned their glares with cool curiosity.  All the while, thunder continued to roll outside as the heavens threatened to tear themselves apart; the floor of the room frequently vibrating with the sky’s growing wrath.
After being ambushed in the Kidron Valley, Enzo had taken the Knights directly to this luxury apartment across town and led them straight upstairs to the private study where they now sat.  Upon entering the room, they had found their adversary seated implacably waiting for them.  Both brothers had instantly reacted like wild dogs encountering a rival pack, their eyes screwing tight and their upper lips curling ever so slightly.  Enzo had directed them to sit, which they had, but in the process, the two brothers did not even for a second, break their hateful stares from the man across the room.  So it was that the Knight brothers came face to face again with Lord Frederick James Amherst, the man they knew had killed their parents, but who had so far eluded their proof.
‘So, boys,’ Lord Amherst finally said, breaking the stalemate, ‘no handshakes or hugs hello?’
Atreus moved only his lips in replying.  ‘I have a rule about murderers and thieves.’
Lord Amherst smiled.  ‘Come now?  We’re all from noble stock.  The least we can do is behave in a civilised fashion.’
‘You may be a lord by birth and title,’ Patroclus sniped back, ‘but there’s nothing noble about you.’
‘Dear me, it seems the Knight brothers have gone and lost their manners,’ Lord Amherst replied.  ‘Your parents would be so disappointed.’
‘Don’t you dare speak of our parents!’ Patroclus shouted back, half-shooting to his feet before one of Lord Amherst’s henchmen pushed him back down again from behind the couch.
Lord Amherst sat silently still, returning Patroclus’ heated gaze with his own stony impassivity.  ‘What say you, Atreus?’ he then coolly asked.  ‘Do you have any words of hate for me?  You’re usually the lippy one.’
‘The only thing I have to say to you, Freddie,’ Atreus replied in a low tone that forced Lord Amherst to lean slightly forward to hear him over the thrashing elements outside, ‘is whenever I get the chance, I’m going to stuff that smirk of yours’ right up your...’
A deafening crash of thunder drowned out Atreus’ final words.  Lord Amherst merely stared back, his eyes squinting and his pupils as hard as black ice.  Abruptly, he rose to his feet and straightened to his full six feet of height, adjusting his jacket around his thin frame.  After eyeing off both brothers, he strode around to the large desk behind him and sat down where a familiar wooden box rested on top.  The Knights immediately recognised it as Winston’s container housing the Marib Tablet.  Lord Amherst carefully lifted the lid and stared at the prize within, his eyes lusty and glittering.
‘Those are some bad habits you’ve got yourself into there, Freddie,’ Atreus said.
‘What are you talking about?’ Lord Amherst replied as his gaze remained glued to the tablet.
‘Murder and theft.’
The elderly man’s eyes snapped back up to lock onto Atreus’.  ‘Explain yourself.’
‘Yesterday you blew up Winston’s place and then stole the tablet.  Fair enough you didn’t kill anyone, but it wasn’t through lack of trying.’
‘And in what way does this one event represent a habit?’
‘Twenty-two years ago in Tanzania, you murdered our parents by running them off the road and then stealing the Spear of Destiny off them.’
The corners of Lord Amherst’s mouth curled up slightly as he leaned back.  ‘So, you’re still persisting with that hopeless fantasy are you?’
‘You won’t think it’s so hopeless when we get our proof and no one comes to visit you in prison.’
‘There in lies your problem, Atreus.  Proof.  You have none and you never will.  Your baseless, outrageous claims of some conspiracy involving me murdering your parents in pursuit of the Spear of Destiny will forever remain exactly that, baseless and outrageous.’
‘You can’t kill every witness,’ Patroclus spat.  ‘Sooner or later we’ll find the evidence we need.’
Lord Amherst slid his gaze across to Patroclus.  ‘Before you find anything, you’ll have to walk out of this situation alive and right now, I hold your fates in my hands.’
‘That’s your solution for everything isn’t it?’ Atreus pushed.  ‘Just kill anyone who gets in your way.’
Lord Amherst sighed and rose from his chair to walk around the desk and reseat himself directly opposite the brothers.  ‘You misjudge me, Atreus.  Murder is not my preferred method, but if it’s needed, I won’t shy away from it.  I much prefer honest cooperation.  Call it coercion if you like, but it’s so much neater and cleaner than doing away with people.’
‘Is that why you killed our parents?  They wouldn’t cooperate?’ Atreus stabbed.
‘I had nothing to do with your parents’ deaths,’ Lord Amherst replied wearily, ‘and as for stealing the Spear of Destiny.  Well, if I had actually stolen it and then decided to use its mystical powers for my own use, then I can assure you, we wouldn’t be sitting in this dark little room having this dreary conversation.  I’d be ruler of the world or some such thing by now and your existences wouldn’t be bothering me in the slightest.’
‘You did murder our parents and we will...!’Patroclus shouted as he tried to spring off the couch towards Lord Amherst before being manhandled back down again by the henchman behind.
Lord Amherst remained unmoved by the outburst while Patroclus fumed a wordless reply, his fists clenched and his chest billowing with every laboured breath.
‘It seems your brother’s recklessness may finally be rubbing off on you, Patroclus,’ Lord Amherst said, ‘and it really did seem like you were going to be just like your mother, studious and dull.’
Patroclus flinched, but the strong hands from behind held him in check.
‘Relax, Pat,’ Atreus said.  ‘He’s just winding you up.’
‘And as for you, Atreus,’ Lord Amherst continued, turning his gaze, ‘the apple really has landed right next to the tree.  You’ve grown up to be as big a bumbling no-hoper as your father ever was.’
‘That must make you feel pretty ordinary then?’ Atreus quipped.
‘How so?’
‘Being beaten into second place by a dull woman and her no-hoper husband.  If our parents were so useless, why is it they always made the big discoveries and you had to consistently settle for second place, outside the limelight?  You must be a right loser if what you say is true and to make matters worse, the twin sons of Lord Ellis and Lady Beatrice Knight are pantsing you at your own game all over again.  Loser is right.  You got nothing.’
Lord Amherst glowered in silence, the rolling thunder tightening the tension.  ‘Your parent’s were right to name you both after dead Greek tragics because that’s exactly how you’re going to turn out.  Tragically dead.’
‘What are you doing mixed up in this?’ Atreus shot back.  ‘What’s the alien commander offered you?  Money?  Power?  A stash of laser guns?’
‘My motives are my own.’
‘Come on, old man?  Spill the beans.  We’re dead men anyway, so how’s about it?’
Lord Amherst held Atreus’ gaze for a moment before answering.  ‘Very well.  Seeing as you are so desperately interested.  The Commander has promised to furnish me with the blue-prints for the keys and the time-travel equipment.’
‘And then what?’ Atreus pushed.  ‘You build your own little time machine and rule the universe?  Who needs the Spear of Destiny when you can rule all of time as well as now?’
‘Nothing so elaborate,’ Lord Amherst replied, smiling and shaking his head.  ‘Once I have the blueprints, I plan to copy them and sell them to the highest bidders at auction.  Then I’ll sit back and enjoy my limitless wealth and power.’
Atreus lowered his head and shook it.  ‘You’re doing it for the money,’ he said.  ‘You really are an under-achiever.’
‘Time-travel is a pipe dream that I think we all know is more fanciful and more dangerous than our alien friends let on.  Besides, I have no desire to travel through time.  I have everything I need right here,’ Lord Amherst replied, opening his hands.  ‘Which brings me to the point in question.  Handover the keys.’
‘And what makes you think we have the keys?’ Atreus bluffed.
‘We can play your little game if you want to, Atreus, but sooner or later I’m going to win.  The only decision you have to make is how much of your body you would prefer to remain attached before you relent.  Tito and his knife are only a call away.’
‘It’s not bad enough that you’re a murderer, but you’re a lazy murderer.  Why don’t blokes like you ever do your own dirty work?’
‘I have money, lots of it and Tito was born to torture other people, so why let a man’s talent go to waste.  Now give me the keys or things become unpleasant?’
‘Like I said.  We don’t have the keys,’ Atreus replied firmly.
Lord Amherst sighed ostentatiously then called out, ‘Tito!’
The door to the study opened and Tito’s massive physique filled the entire frame.  Lord Amherst pointed a finger at Atreus and the giant smiled.  Tito then stomped across the room to stand over Atreus where he slowly slid his long knife free of its sheath and held it up for Atreus to clearly see.  Atreus cocked an eyebrow and glanced up at the gleaming blade.
‘Time to decide,’ Lord Amherst said slowly.  ‘The keys or your fingers.’
Atreus exhaled a long breath and then rose to his feet.  Reaching into his trousers pocket he produced a handkerchief-clad object.  Holding it in his hand, he stood still for a moment and stared down at it.
‘We’ll begin with your thumbs,’ Lord Amherst added.
Without looking up, Atreus held the object out.  Lord Amherst smiled and slowly leaned forward to accept the proffered item, allowing Atreus to slump back onto the couch.
Lord Amherst carefully unfolded the handkerchief and beheld the relic inside.
‘You won’t get away with this,’ Patroclus warned.
‘Let it go, Pat,’ Atreus replied.  ‘He’s just a bully and we all know what happens to bullies in the end.’
‘It would seem in this instance, Atreus,’ Lord Amherst answered slowly, ‘that the bully has the upper hand, but I am far from satisfied.  You seem to have supplied me with only one key.  Where, pray-tell, is the second one?’
‘That’s going to cost you,’ Atreus quickly replied.  Lord Amherst raised both eyebrows, while Patroclus’ head whipped round.  Atreus continued.  ‘You don’t get the second key until you let Patroclus go.  Then and only then, do I tell you where it is.’
‘No!’ Patroclus outburst.  ‘No way!  We’re in this together!’
A wicked smile grew on Lord Amherst’s face.  Atreus merely stared back at him.  Patroclus’ head swivelled back and forth between his brother and their adversary, his anguish rising.  He grabbed his brother’s arm and shook it hard, eventually wrenching Atreus’ focus onto himself.
‘Trey, listen to me!  What are you doing?  Just tell him the truth and we can both walk out of here!’
Atreus shook his head.  ‘That’s not going to happen, Pat.  Freddie’s not letting both of us walk out of here until he gets the keys, but this way, at least one of us might get to stay alive and I’d rather it was you.’
‘No!  No, I won’t allow it!’ Patroclus shouted.  ‘Your life is more important to me than any silly keys!  I don’t care how much is at stake!’
    Atreus gently beheld his brother’s pleading expression.  ‘Listen, Pat, I like this less than you.  Believe me.  I hate letting this cretin get the better of us too, but I got you into this and if this is the only way I can get you out, then so be it, besides,’ Atreus continued, turning his head to readdress Lord Amherst, ‘Freddie’s not going to kill me.  Especially when he finds out what where the second key is.’
‘But you...!’ Patroclus started before Atreus interrupted him.
‘Stop it, Pat,’ he said forcefully.  ‘This is the only way.  You’re out.  I’m in.  No more arguing.’  He then turned back to Lord Amherst.  ‘How about it, Freddie?  Do we have a deal?’
Lord Amherst took a deep breath and exhaled.  ‘Well, well, Atreus, you are full of surprises.  Selflessness and courage.  What an unexpected change.  Normally your finest offerings consist of weak bravado and talentless wit.’
‘Don’t screw with me, Freddie.  Believe me when I say, you don’t get a word out of me until I see my brother walk free, and I mean free.  Not just out that door and into a car full of your cronies, but out that door and onto a plane leaving the country.  Comprenda?’
Lord Amherst fondled the handkerchief clad key in his hands as he contemplated the ramifications of releasing Patroclus before gaining all the information he needed.  He was used to risk, but the stakes here were far higher than anything he had ever ventured into before.  Atreus was certainly a very shrewd man, but would he be courageous enough to attempt escape?
‘I admire your gumption, Atreus,’ Lord Amherst said at last.  ‘It seems you may finally be displaying signs of maturity, but how can I trust you?  How do I know you’re telling the truth about knowing the location of the second key?  Why can’t I find it on my own?’
‘Check the newspapers, old man.  How many times has your name appeared next to a significant archaeological find?’
Lord Amherst nodded and then looked up at Tito who still towered over Atreus, the giant’s knife slowly turning in his hands.  ‘What then, if I let Tito loosen yours’ or your brother’s tongue to get the information I need?’
‘If that lummox comes anywhere near either of us,’ Atreus replied in an even tone, ‘you can kiss the second key goodbye.’
Lord Amherst nodded again and then after a few moments of contemplation, he abruptly stood and moved to the window behind the desk.  Pushing the curtain aside, a flash of lightning fleetingly illuminated his gaunt features, his countenance appearing more ghoul-like than human.  Letting the drape fall back into place, he turned to look at the box containing the tablet.  He then looked down at the unwrapped key in his hand and smiled.
‘Very well, Atreus.  You’ve caught me in a good mood,’ he said amiably.  ‘I’ve scored two incredible relics in one day at your expense, so I’ll grant you your wish.  Your brother goes free.’
‘No!  No!’ Patroclus shouted as he turned to shake his brother again.  ‘I won’t do this!  I won’t leave you, Trey!’
‘Get to the plane, Pat,’ Atreus tried to say calmly.
‘No!  I’m not going anywhere without you!’
‘Get to the plane, Pat,’ Atreus patiently repeated, ‘and wait for me there.’
‘I’m not waiting anywhere without you!’
‘If you haven’t heard from me by dawn, get in the air and get back to England.  I’ll make my way back home alone.’
‘You’ll come with me now!  I won’t let you do this!  I won’t!’
Lord Amherst rolled his eyes and signalled to Tito to remove Patroclus from the room.  The giant lumbered forward and bent down to grab Patroclus’ collar.
Patroclus shied back.  ‘Get away from me!’ he shouted.
Atreus spied the intruding arm and whacked it away, standing as he did and pushing the monster back a pace.
‘Back off!’ he shouted, his eyes gleaming porcelain white in the gloom.  Enzo dashed around the couch, only to be pulled up short by Atreus turning and diverting his wrath onto him.  ‘You too short-arse!’
All activity halted.  A deep-throated chuckle broke the silence.  Atreus slowly spun to face Tito who leered back, his laughter as evil as the expression on his face.  Atreus glared right back.
Lord Amherst sighed and then wearily said, ‘Please, some decorum, gentlemen?  Enzo, escort Patroclus out to a taxi in a gentlemanly fashion and see to it that he gets to the airport.’
Enzo stepped back two paces and waited for Patroclus to rise.  Atreus unfixed his steely gaze from Tito and turned to speak to his brother.  ‘Come on, Pat?  You better leave now before this gets way out of hand.’
Patroclus’ heated expression turned upwards to bore into Atreus.
‘No more arguments, Pat,’ Atreus continued.  ‘This is how it has to be.’
Patroclus jammed his eyes tight and screwed up his face holding it for a few seconds.  He then huffed and sprang to his feet, immediately turning to face Atreus.
‘You get to the airport and don’t let me down,’ he said sternly.
‘I won’t.  I’ll see you there.  I promise.’
‘You can’t go back on a promise, Trey.’
‘I know and I won’t.  As soon as I’m done here, I’m coming to you.’
Patroclus locked his brother into a final, desperate stare and then turned to walk out the door, but suddenly spun back and wrapped his arms tightly around Atreus’ shoulders, squeezing as hard as he could.  Atreus was momentarily surprised and half raised his arms to hug his brother back.  Then, succumbing to the moment, he relaxed and squeezed in return.  The two men stood locked in the embrace for a few moments more, until Patroclus abruptly broke off and marched unescorted through the door and out of sight.  Atreus watched him go and then bowed his head.
‘See that he gets to Ben Gurion Airport,’ Lord Amherst said to Enzo, ‘and then get your crew ready for another sortie.  We’re going out to get the second key as soon as Atreus here, tells us where it is.’
Atreus raised his head and fixed his stony glare on Lord Amherst.  He then said through clenched teeth.  ‘You don’t get anything from me until I see him get in a cab.  Understand?’
‘As you wish,’ Lord Amherst said pleasantly.  ‘You can watch from the window if you like?’
‘I mean it,’ Atreus reiterated, his own fury matching the tirade of the elements outside.  ‘You get nothing if you touch him.’
‘I believe you,’ Lord Amherst returned as he casually reclined in the chair.  ‘Now come over here and watch your dear brother leave, so we can get this over with.’
Atreus crossed slowly to the window, his entire frame as tight as steel cable.  Pulling the curtain back, he blinked as a massive fork of jagged lightning split the night sky, only to be followed by another and another.  The display was unceasing; the cacophony of thunder the perfect, tumultuous accompaniment.  Incredibly, a drop of rain had not yet fallen.
Movement from below distracted him.  Patroclus emerged onto the footpath and was instantly dazzled by the light show overhead.  Atreus locked the image into his mind and perhaps for the first time in his life, he cursed his eidetic recall because now he would never forget the forlorn figure of his brother leaving him for perhaps the last time.
He himself had caused this.  He had forced his brother into leaving.  It was his fault, and even though Atreus had promised to see Patroclus again, he honestly didn’t know if that was the truth or if he’d just said goodbye to his brother for the last time in his life.

*          *          *

High above the Dome of the Rock, Jack nervously considered his options.  The Knight brothers were missing and he had no way of finding them as the low-level electrical storm rendered his surveillance of the city useless.  The last information Jack had of the Knights was their disappearance from the David Citadel Hotel that afternoon and that was hours ago.  The storm had even prevented Jack from transporting himself down into the city to speak with Lord Amherst.  He was effectively blind and deaf.
Impatience clawed at Jack’s focus.  He needed answers, but what to do?  Where would Atreus go?  Then an idea slipped into his mind.  It made sense.  Jack had no doubt Atreus would find the keys.  His ability was beyond question, but Jack’s greatest concern was not Atreus’ ability, but his intuition.  The man was devilishly crafty and sooner or later, he would see through Jack’s plan and hide the keys from him.  Therefore Jack had only one course of action left, but before he could execute his plan, he had to wait for the storm to pass and that was not an easy prospect.  His dream lay within reach, but Atreus still held the upper hand and could easily bring it all crashing down.

16.

‘Are they gone?’ Lord Amherst asked as he rose from the chair to stand behind Atreus at the window.
Atreus watched the taxi disappear into the lightning-streaked night.  Patroclus was gone and now he was alone.  The weight of his decision bore down, driving his anger away and replacing it with cold resolution.  Atreus had made a promise and he absolutely intended to keep it, regardless of what lay ahead.  He would not let his brother down.
Atreus let the drape fall and turned to find Lord Amherst standing close behind.  Atreus frowned and briefly looked the man up and down before brusquely stepping past to stand on the opposite side of the desk.  Lord Amherst coolly watched him pass and then resumed his seat behind the fixture, motioning for Atreus to also sit, which he did.  The room was now empty except for the two of them.
With Patroclus now safely out of the picture, Atreus had to effect his own escape, either with or without the key he had handed over.  Steepling his hands in front of his face, he formulated the details of his plan.  It was time to spin a lie.
‘So, Atreus,’ Lord Amherst began, his tone cocky.  ‘We’ve come to the last.  I’ve maintained my side of the bargain. And now it’s time to maintain yours’.  Where is the second key?’
Atreus looked silently across at Lord Amherst and hesitated for a second.  He then leaned back in his chair and said, ‘We left it in the Temple of Solomon.’
Lord Amherst silently appraised his prisoner then finally asked, ‘And why did you do that?  Could you not bring it out with the other key?’
‘No, we couldn’t.  We ran out of time,’ Atreus smoothly lied.
‘How so?’
‘Well, once we got inside, past the booby traps...’
‘There are booby traps?’
Atreus looked blankly back at Lord Amherst.  ‘It’s a three thousand year-old temple containing priceless, religious artefacts.  Of course there are booby traps.  The place is littered with them.’
‘Hmm, very well.  Go on,’ Lord Amherst ordered as a frown furrowed his brow.
‘Well, like I said, once we got inside past the booby traps, we found three chambers; the Armoury, the Library and the Temple Furnishings.  Patroclus wanted to go and poke around in the library, but I convinced him that we should start with the Temple Furnishings and sure enough, I was right.  It was in there that we found the key.’
‘And the other two chambers?  Did you search them?’
‘No.  Getting past the traps and then finding a safe way into the Temple Furnishings chamber took us long enough.  Then we had to search the chamber and by the time we’d found the key, our torches were pretty well run down, so we decided to leave with what we had and go back down tomorrow night and search the other chambers after we’d had a rest.’
‘A rest?  Why would you rest now with the quest almost complete?’
‘Because I haven’t slept for a day and a half, that’s why,’ Atreus returned forcefully.  ‘Between scheming with invisible aliens, getting blown up by your terrorist cronies, gold digging beneath the Temple Mount and finally getting kidnapped by you, I haven’t had a break since I flew in from Australia.  Some kip wouldn’t be a bad thing.’
Lord Amherst waived away Atreus’ protest.  ‘Assuming you’d had your rest and were now back in the Temple, which chamber would you search next for the second key?’
‘I’d guess at the library, but to be fair, it could be in the Armoury.  Like I said, we were planning on going back down tomorrow tonight to check them both out.’
‘Yes, so you did say,’ Lord Amherst replied thoughtfully, ‘but therein lies my problem.’
‘Just so long as it’s your problem, mate, I don’t care,’ Atreus said, leaning back and faking a yawn before placing his hands behind his head.  ‘I need some sleep and I need it now.’
‘That’s the unfortunate thing.  I can’t wait until tomorrow night.  That’s a whole fourteen or fifteen hours away and my instructions are very clear.  Get the keys as quickly as possible, so I’m afraid, Atreus, that your little snooze is quite out of the question.  You’re leading my men back into the Temple right now to get the second key and none of you are coming back out until you have it.’
Atreus froze.  Despite telling the truth about not having slept since before arriving in Jerusalem yesterday morning, the adrenalin had kept him quite fresh, but his exaggeration of being tired was a ruse designed to buy him some more time.  Now he had to think of something else.  He leaned forward to begin pleading.
‘But there’s no way I can get all your boys past the booby traps the way I feel now.  One tired slip and there goes Enzo’s head, which might not necessarily be a bad thing, but if I get slammed, there’s no way any of your numptys could get past the traps let alone find the key.’
‘That may be true,’ Lord Amherst replied, ‘but I think you’re overdoing just how fatigued you really are.  I’ve known you a long time, Atreus, and I know what you are capable of and I say, you’re up for going back into the Temple right now.’
Atreus sat gobsmacked, his mouth open, and his eyes boggling.
‘Don’t look at me like that,’ Lord Amherst continued.  ‘It’s your own fault.  You shouldn’t have left the temple so hastily and besides, I’ve kept my part of the bargain by letting Patroclus go and now it’s your turn to provide me with something.’
Atreus fumed and said under his breath, ‘You want me to provide you with something?  How’s about a smack in the gob?’
‘Excuse me?  Something to say?’ Lord Amherst innocently inquired as he leaned forward on the desk and lifted the lid off the wooden container again.  His gaze instantly glassed over as he reappraised the clay tablet.  ‘This is probably the most beautiful thing I’ve ever owned,’ he murmured.
‘It’s not yours’ remember,’ Atreus corrected.
Lord Amherst ignored the remark and instead angled the tablet upwards from within the wooden box, allowing himself a better view of its exquisite workmanship.  ‘Astounding.  I wonder if either Sheba or Solomon himself held this tablet the way I do now?’
As Lord Amherst angled the tablet out of the box, Atreus received his first glimpse of its underside.  Initially, the back of the sandstone relic stayed sheltered in shadow, but slowly it emerged into the dim light.  Atreus watched it rise, and his jaw dropped.  Unconsciously, he craned his head forward to gain a closer look.  The tablet accommodated not one, but two images; the portrayal of King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba on the front and something completely different and totally unexpected on the back.
Atreus immediately knew what he was looking at and began capturing every detail in his mind, locking the illustration away for later recall.  He hurriedly did an initial, general scan of the entire picture and then, as Lord Amherst continued to ramble about his good fortune, he performed a second, more detailed scan in which he meticulously noted every square centimetre in view.  His heart-rate galloped.  ‘You little beauty,’ he mumbled.
‘Well,’ Lord Amherst said as he carefully lowered the tablet back into the box, oblivious to Atreus’ observations, ‘that’s enough gloating for now.  I think it’s time I let you go on your way, Atreus.’
Atreus stopped examining the image and instantly relapsed into his sullen disposition.  ‘You know, you really should wear proper gloves when you’re handling ancient archaeological artefacts?’ he said in mock disgust.  ‘Then again, you should probably refrain from stealing them too.’
‘Get up,’ Lord Amherst ordered as he rose to his feet.  ‘It’s time you got to work.’
Lord Amherst walked to the door and opened it to find Enzo waiting just outside.  ‘Take him back to the Kidron Valley,’ he instructed as he pointed at Atreus, ‘and have two of your men escort him down into the Temple.  No one comes out unless you’ve got the second key.  Understand?’
‘Yes, sir,’ Enzo replied, respectfully tipping his head.
Atreus turned away from the two men and ignoring them for a moment, he recalled the underside image of the tablet in his mind.  Whether it was a blessing straight from Heaven or an astonishingly good turn of fortune he didn’t care.  The even more pleasing thing was that Amherst had not yet looked underneath the relic and so didn’t know this gem of information was so close at hand.  Two tricks with one card.  Atreus now possessed all the information he needed to find the second key and he could now stay one step ahead of his rival.
Then he frowned.  Having the information was all very good, but he needed to escape to use it.  With the knowledge Atreus now knew, there was every chance he could go on and potentially save the world, but there was one very, very big catch to it all.  The information was ultimately pointless if he was dead.

17.

Atreus studied the picture he had just received on his mobile phone.  It was from Patroclus.  The image displayed their private Learjet in a hangar at Ben Gurion Airport with his brother standing next to the steps of the plane as proof he had arrived unmolested.  Atreus closed his eyes and sighed.  At least one problem was solved.
Then something in the picture caught his attention.  He lifted the phone closer to his face to study it.  Atreus could not be sure if it was a trick of the light or a defect in Patroclus’ camera lens, but there was a smudge next to where Patroclus stood.  Maybe he was over-reacting, but as odd as it seemed, the smudge looked familiar.  It looked very much like a transparent, one million year-old alien.
Panic stirred in Atreus’ mind.  Patroclus had not yet been introduced to Jack and he didn’t know how his brother would react to the alien’s presence.  Then again, Patroclus may not even know that the creature was there.  Atreus squirmed.  Apart from it being bad manners, having an invisible extraterrestrial floating around unannounced could be downright dangerous.  Jack still was still not to be trusted.
Atreus slumped in his seat and exhaled a long, drawn-out breath.  There was nothing he could do about it now.  His own predicament was bad enough.  He couldn’t return Patroclus’ message given his captive status and he still had no idea if Amherst intended on killing him or letting him go.
Relegating his own concerns for the moment, Atreus looked around the confines of the van.  The perspective from his seat reminded him of just how bad things had become.  A many and varied array of pistols, machine guns and what looked like rocket-propelled grenade launchers rested on seats, on the floor or on the persons of Amherst’s band of mercenaries.  The van was a moving arms outlet.  More weaponry lay around Atreus than he’d have expected to find in a Chuck Norris movie.  Amherst was not in this for fun.  He was deadly serious.
After being shunted out of the apartment, Enzo and his black-clad hoodlums had bundled Atreus into the van.  Twenty minutes later they were still driving.  Enzo sat in the front passenger seat, while the rest of his crew sat in the back surrounding Atreus.  Tito sat by the sliding door, unpleasantly fondling his ridiculously long hunting knife.  Sliding a look up at Atreus, the monster grinned at him.
Atreus wearily shook his head and looked away; the constant threat of physical pain had started to become tedious.  Then Atreus felt the car accelerate.  His senses piqued.  A furtive glance at his mercenary companions revealed the same heightened state of awareness in them.  Something was awry.
Suddenly, the car jolted, bouncing Atreus off the left hand wall and bumping him sideways across the aisle to land in Tito’s lap.  The burly monster growled at him, resheathed his knife and then virtually hurled Atreus back across the space into his own seat.  A second, violent jolt of the car jostled Atreus again, but this time he managed to hang on and keep his place.
The small sliding window separating the driver’s cab from the rear of the van slid open.  Enzo’s face filled the space.  ‘Lock and load!’ he barked.  ‘We’ve got company!’
No sooner had the command sounded and Atreus heard all around him a concerto of clicks, clacks, scrapes and bangs as magazines were checked, guns were cocked and safety switches released.  It appeared as though they were under attack, but by whom?  Atreus’ biggest concern though was how did he fit into the picture, if at all?  Was it a rescue or just a rival competitor who had got wind of the keys or the Marib Tablet?  Would anyone care if he lived or died, apart from him of course?  Rolling his eyes yet again, Atreus prepared for the worst.
The car lurched a third time.  The brakes slammed on.  Tyres screeched.  Atreus first crumpled forwards and then slumped backwards as the van pitched and swayed.
‘Everyone out and cover the front!’ Enzo called through the window.
Motion erupted.  Tito pulled the sliding door open.  His crew-mates tumbled out, guns raised, trigger fingers cocked.  No one spoke, but their actions were practised and deadly.  Atreus watched in silent wonder as the paramilitary exercise unfolded before him.  Tito exited last, his malicious grin replaced by cold fury; death stalking in his glassy, black eyes.
With the rear of the van empty, Atreus held silently in place, not sure of exactly what to do and even less certain of his chances of survival.  One thing was for sure though; staying in the car was more dangerous than being outside.  At least outside he could take the bold, noble approach of fleeing witlessly down the street.
Atreus stared through the open sliding door.  Lightning lit up one of the gunmen kneeling on the shoulder of the road, his machine gun firmly planted against his shoulder, the barrel pointing at an unseen target in front of the van.  Suddenly, a bone-shattering crack of thunder split the night.  Atreus flinched and shied back, but the gunman stayed hunkered in place.  Neither weather nor threat of death could unhinge his concentration.  Atreus winced.  This was not going to be easy, but he had a promise to keep, and keep it he would.  He started to edge toward the door.
Abruptly, a voice called out amidst the heavenly clamour.  ‘Put your weapons down and your hands up!’
Atreus froze, but after a few moments, nothing happened.  The stalemate held.  Creeping forward again, he reached the lip of the van’s open door and looked out.  Beyond the gunman, a grassy embankment fell away off the shoulder of the road to an uncertain depth below.  Other than that, Atreus could see nothing.  No houses or other cars were evident, suggesting they were now on the outskirts of the city somewhere.  Atreus did not know his way around the edges of Jerusalem very well, but that didn’t matter.  All he needed to know was how to get away from where he was.
The enemy’s voice returned.  ‘Last chance!  Weapons down and hands up!’
Atreus stiffened.  It was time to leave.  There were too many guns around and far too much testosterone for his liking.  He checked the gunman again, but he had not registered Atreus’ movement, his attention still locked towards the front.  Atreus decided to risk it.  Stepping carefully down from the cabin, he prepared to move along the side of the van to the rear, where he could run away down the street, but suddenly, he realised he had left his move too late.  A single command from in front froze him to the spot.
‘Fire!’
The order broke both the stand-off and the broiling storm.  A tirade of bullets split the air simultaneously as an instant deluge of lashing rain smashed down upon them.  Visibility abruptly dropped almost to zero.  The already heightened state of affairs elevated to virtual madness as the ugly sound of gunfire merged with the cracking thunder.  Cries of anguish and pain filled the rain-soaked air.  Overhead, the fury of the elements raged; their primal power providing a perfect stage of chaos and hatred for the gun battle on the street.
Suddenly, the bitumen exploded directly in front of Atreus as a spray of bullets traced murderously past.  Diving blindly away, he hit the ground to land in a heap by the rear wheel of the van.  There he lay for a moment, waiting for something bad to happen.  When nothing did, he raised his head and looked towards the front of the van, trying to peer through the veil of rain to find the crouching gunman, but it was impossible.  The man was practically invisible.  A thought suddenly struck Atreus.  If he couldn’t see the gunman then surely, the gunman couldn’t see him.  Freedom beckoned.
Atreus rose into a crouch and turned to face the rear of the van.  Focusing his mind, he launched himself forwards and upwards like a sprinter to run out onto the road, but instead of free space, his vision filled with something else; something very large and completely immovable.
He crashed headlong into the mysterious blockade and bounced back to pile up on the ground by the van exactly where he had started, his great escape foiled as quickly as it had begun.  The lightning-scape blurred.  Atreus’ body momentarily lost all feeling and his mind reeled.  What the hell was that?
He shook his head and cleared his vision.  Atreus then blinked a few times and looked up into the rain.  While it was dark and dim, the sight that greeted him was unmistakable and horribly real.  His hopes for a quick and simple escape had been thwarted by Tito.
Lightning lit up the villain’s lecherous grin as he released his grip on his machine-gun and coolly reslung it behind his back.  Tito then reached down to his thigh and drew out his hunting knife, the broad blade flashing in time with the strobing lightning.
‘Great,’ Atreus moaned.  ‘Just when I thought it was safe to go back out into a thunder storm.’
Frantically scanning around, Atreus looked for a weapon to fight off the monster, but nothing presented itself.  Tito began to advance.  All Atreus could do was scramble backwards.  No longer heeding the gun battle going on behind him, he instead fixed his focus squarely on the homicidal giant wielding the knife in front of him.
Atreus’ backward scrabbling continued to push him along the side of the van, the unrelenting rain pounding his face and blurring his sight.  His hands raked across the oil-slicked asphalt, scratching his knuckles and palms.  Digging his heels into the bitumen, he tried to hasten his evasion, but instead they just slipped and slid like wet fish on a tiled floor.  The beast continued to bear down on him.  Tito’s grin-smeared face leered at him from amidst the lightning suffused night.  Atreus lost all track of spatial awareness.  All he could do was keep scrambling and stare up at his approaching doom.
Suddenly, Atreus backed into something and he sensed movement from behind.  The crouching gunman!  Instinctively Atreus rolled away from the van.  A flurry of motion immediately followed.  A panicked exclamation merged with a deafening burst of gunfire.  Atreus covered his ears, but managed to keep his eyes open, his dilated pupils capturing the action.
The crouching gunman had spooked and spun blindly in the rain to let fly a barrage of bullets.  The volley of lead arced over Atreus’ head and swung round to bear onto Tito, smashing mercilessly into him.  The gunman realised all too late just what he had done and released the trigger.  Tito had been blasted sideways to pirouette and spin into the open doorway of the van.  Atreus lay still on the ground amazed that he had escaped unscathed.
A pause ensued.  Atreus’ gaze bounced between the crouching gunman and Tito’s inert form resting half in and half out of the van door.  The gunman eventually moved, yelling an obscenity as he jumped to his feet and dashed to the van to examine his colleague’s body.  Tito’s enormous bulk and his awkward position prevented the gunman from reaching up to check Tito’s pulse at the neck, so he instead unslung his machine-gun and rested it against the van outside then pushed himself into the opening to clamber onto Tito’s body.  It was the last mistake he would ever make.
Suddenly, a convulsion ripped through the gunman’s body.  He jerked and shivered on top of Tito’s form like he was having a fit.  Then a second, far more violent spasm followed.  Atreus momentarily forgot about escape as the peculiar spectacle kept him nailed in place.  The gunman continued to quiver inside the van, his body shaking like a leaf in the wind.  Then the incredible happened.
The shuddering gunman’s feet lifted off the ground, his bent over body inexplicably rising in the van’s doorway.  Atreus squinted through the belting rain, his brain disbelieving his sight.  The gunman’s form continued to levitate upwards until his back pressed against the top of the van’s door frame, his legs convulsing like dangling spaghetti on a fork.  The gunman inadvertently kicked his machine-gun away from the vehicle, causing it to clatter away towards Atreus who continued to lie out on the road, fixated on the bizarre scene.  The flailing continued and then Atreus caught a flash of something beneath the gunman and all of a sudden the man’s horrendous predicament became instantly clear.
Atreus stared directly into the gaze of the beast.  Even from his skewed vantage point in the rain, he could clearly see the bottomless depths of malice burning in Tito’s eyes.  The man was not dead and he was extolling punishment on the man who would have killed him.  The behemoth lay on his back, his hunting knife in both hands and the blade of the weapon buried up to the hilt in the hapless man’s gut; a man that until just a few moments ago had been a comrade in arms, but was now merely meat on a stick.
Abruptly, the gunman fell slack.  Tito jammed the knife in one final time, ramming the limp body against the upper edge of the door, ensuring the knife had ripped every vestige of life away.  Then, lowering the limp form and with callous ease, Tito flung it clear of the van.  The corpse slapped sickeningly to an untidy halt on the shoulder of the road within touching distance of Atreus.  He blinked as it landed, amazed at how quickly the man’s life had been snuffed out.  That could have been him, should have been him.  Yet again, his luck had saved his life.
Atreus shifted his gaze back to the van and his stomach instantly cramped.  Tito was now sitting upright, his searching eyes probing the deluge for his prey, his eyes glimmering like black opals under a pale moon.   Then, the giant’s gaze fixed on him and that same, dreadful smirk split the monster’s face.
Slowly Tito began to rise, his knife by his side, the rain spattering the blood from its broad, unholy blade.  Stepping forward from the van, the giant blocked Atreus’ path.  The way ahead was closed.  Atreus now had to fight or die.
Leaping to his feet, Atreus hurtled towards Tito and in one fluid movement, scooped the dead gunman’s discarded machine-gun into his hands and reversed it.  He had no time to work out how to fire it, so instead it would become a club.  Tito stood stock-still in front of the van’s doorway, welcoming the assault.  Atreus raised the weapon and just before closing the gap, he viciously thrust the weapon at his adversary.
A sharp crack proved a direct hit.  The butt of the weapon smacked into the giant’s face, an ugly gash tearing open on Tito’s forehead.  The monster recoiled, dropping the knife and falling spread-eagled back into the doorway of the van.  Atreus landed on top, gaining the upper hand, but it was not enough.  Tito immediately recovered, his huge hands snapping up and enveloping the body of the gun to hold it rigid in Atreus’ grip, preventing a second strike.
Their eyes locked across the weapon.  Atreus saw his own doom in the inky depths.  He had to end this quickly or Tito would end it for him.
The giant pushed upwards, using the gun to force Atreus off him.  Atreus started to rise clear, losing the advantage.  He needed another weapon, something powerful enough to take Tito out completely.  His gaze flicked around the interior of the van and then he saw it.  The perfect solution.  A grenade.
He knew he could reach it, but that would mean removing a hand from the machine gun, which if he did, Tito would immediately overpower him and it would be curtains.  He heeded to distract the big man.  Mustering all his remaining reserves of strength, Atreus jerked himself forwards, raising his right knee at the same time and ramming it into Tito’s crotch.  The beast grunted and froze, his grin wiping clear.  Atreus waited for the giant’s grip to slacken, but it held in place.  Atreus scowled and struck twice more with his knee, each time with even greater force.  Tito’s eyes now crossed and all resistance gave way.
Atreus collapsed heavily onto the monster’s chest and with his left hand, he reached out and grabbed the grenade from beneath the seat.  Scrabbling off Tito, he stumbled backwards into the rain.  Tito grunted and also slid free of the van to crumple to his knees in front of Atreus, again blocking his path to escape.
Taking a step back, Atreus fiddled with the grenade pin.  Tito’s head lifted and his watery gaze met Atreus’ frightened eyes before flowing downwards to his fumblings with the grenade.  The giant’s vision instantly cleared.  Atreus’ fingers finally latched around the pin and he froze.
‘Get inside and close the door,’ he commanded as he lifted the grenade up to face height, ‘or I throw this in!’
Tito glared back like a kneeling colossus.  He pondered for a second and then shook his gargantuan head.
‘I mean it!  Get inside or we both go sky-high!’ Atreus warned again.
The giant still didn’t move.  Then Atreus’ nightmare resumed at full pace.  Tito’s face split with that same, evil leer and he slowly raised himself to his full, monstrous height.  Time had run out.  Atreus’ bluster had come to nought.
Suddenly, the ground between them split apart as another ragged line of stray gun fire traced through.  Tito spun and fell sideways into the van.  Atreus also spun, doubling over on the shoulder of the road.  No follow-up shots ensued.  The gun battle reverted back to the front.
Atreus opened his eyes and looked down.  Abstractly, he watched an ovaloid object roll against his foot.  The constant wash of rain made it a little difficult to focus on the object at first, but then he recognised it, except it looked different somehow, like it was missing something.  Atreus then looked at his right hand and his heart faltered.  His index finger tightly encircled the round pin of the grenade that was now lying at his feet.
Without thinking, Atreus turned, hurriedly took two steps and hurled himself off the shoulder of the elevated road.  The ground disappeared beneath him as he flew through the black, rain-soaked void.  He had no idea how far how he would fall, but then he rudely found out.
Atreus hit the ground hard and rolled uncontrollably further down the slope.  The scrubby grass snatched at him, but failed to slow him.  The world blurred as the ground pummelled him on all sides.  Even as he careened downhill, he wondered if the grenade had already exploded.  Then it did.
He didn’t see it, but he felt it.  The shockwave ripped through the air above him, projecting outwards and blooming down.  His gut lurched as the impact hit him.  A fiery blossom of smoke and flame erupted overhead, the rain no match for its incendiary fury.
Then he stopped.  All sound was muffled inside his spinning head, but Atreus could hear the rain beating on the grassy slope about him, proving he was alive.  Lifting his head, he winced, but he needed to know what had happened.  Looking around, he figured he lay at the base of the embankment.  Above him he could see flames fluming upwards.  The van must have exploded.
Realisation slammed home.  Tito.  He pictured the giant man caught inside the vehicle, taking his last breath before the grenade tore his life away.  Atreus had killed him.  He had actually taken the life of another human-being.  He hung his head and shook it.  A sharp pain stabbed through his neck and brought Atreus’ mind back into focus.  This was no time for pity or remorse, besides it had been self-defence.  The man had wanted to do extremely unpleasant things to his anatomy.
Then Atreus realised he could no longer hear gun fire above him.  His unplanned inferno had probably ceased the shoot-out.  That meant there were a lot of people up there with guns having spare time on their hands.  He needed to get out of there, now.
Grimacing at the pain wracking his entire body, Atreus pushed himself to his feet.  He had to move.  He had to run.  Atreus took a first doddering step and cried out as his body objected to the sudden movement.  He then took another faltering step and forcing the pain back, he started to shuffle clumsily away through the grass, hoping to hide behind the thick veil of rain.  No shots followed, but he had to move faster.  He had to reach Patroclus before dawn and right now he had no idea where he was or how he was going to get to the airport.  All he could do was run and get as far away as possible from Enzo and the chaos up on the road.
A thought struck him.  Halting his lurching progress, he felt inside his trousers pocket and discovered a loose collection of moulded plastic and twisted wires.  Fishing the debris out, Atreus found the remains of his mobile phone, the casing split and broken in several places, the internal wiring exposed.  It was useless.  Now he had no way of contacting Patroclus.  Atreus also had no way of warning his brother about Jack’s uninvited presence.  Time was short and he was nowhere.
Then he remembered.  The Marib Tablet.  Atreus knew where to find the second key.  He also had the jump on Amherst who undoubtedly had not yet stumbled upon the clue, but even if he did make it back to Patroclus and Jack had not harmed him, finding the second key would not be easy.
Their path to it would lead them into one of the loneliest, most desolate and forsaken places on the face of the Earth.  They would have to venture into the very fires of the Arabian Peninsula; a place few had dared to travel through and only myth and legend recounted with any great romance.  This dire place held their fate, but it also held the reward of salvation and even though there was every chance they would die in the desolation, they had to try or let humankind perish.
Looking ahead into the rain, Atreus thought only of Patroclus.  Pushing the aches and bruises away, he started to run.  He would not give up.  He could not give up.  He had a promise to keep.
    
18.

Patroclus sat in silence within the plush interior of the family estate’s Learjet; the wood panelling, carpeted floor and leather seats unable to provide any comfort against the knowledge that somewhere in the city Atreus was either fighting for his life or worse yet, losing.  The unrelenting wrath of the thunderstorm had fuelled Patroclus’ angst throughout its duration and now with its power waning, time itself replaced the tempest as his prime antagonist.  Every passing minute seemed to bear a tension greater than anything the weather had managed to conjure.
‘Come on, Trey,’ Patroclus muttered as he looked out a starboard side porthole into the empty confines of the hanger.  ‘It’s almost dawn!  The least you could do is call me or answer your phone!’
Huffing and shaking his head, he straightened to resume his endless pacing of the aisle.
‘Excuse me, sir?’ sounded a man’s voice from the front of the cabin.
Patroclus spun and looked up to see the pilot standing in the door to the cockpit.  ‘What is it, Peter?’
‘You asked me to prepare for a dawn take-off, and well, it’s almost time.  If we’re going to make the window then I need to start pre-flight now and begin preparing to move out onto the tarmac.  Should I start getting ready?’
Patroclus hesitated as he considered the ramifications of waiting longer.  Atreus had taken the risk for both of them and the least he could do was honour his brother’s sacrifice by following instructions to leave regardless of whether or not he made it back in time.  If Atreus was dead then that was that and there was nothing he could do to bring him back.  If Atreus was alive and merely late, he would have to pay for his own ticket to get home.  No great loss.  The inconvenience would serve him right.
Then there was Amherst who had so far lived up to his word and provided Patroclus with safe passage back to the airport, but Patroclus still didn’t trust the man.  It would be better for him to get away while he could rather than let Amherst catch him again and tie up all the loose ends, which of course meant killing him.  Logic stated he would be infinitely safer in England than here in a foreign land, so the choice was clear.
‘Okay,’ Patroclus finally replied.  ‘It looks like Trey won’t be joining us this morning, Peter, so go ahead and take off.’
‘Right you are, sir,’ the pilot replied before disappearing to begin the pre-flight procedure.
Patroclus sat down, exhaled loudly and closed his eyes.  ‘Sorry, Trey,’ he murmured, ‘but I’m just doing what you told me to do.’  He then looked out the porthole to watch an airport support vehicle enter the hangar; its mission to tow the Lear out onto the tarmac.  A few minutes later Patroclus felt the plane gently jerk as it began its assisted journey to the world outside, the doors of the hangar peeling away to reveal the final vestiges of the seemingly endless night.  The eastern sky swelled with light.
What an extraordinary twenty-four hours.  Yesterday, Patroclus had woken to a typical day in Jerusalem, expecting to do nothing more adventurous than drive to the university and give a presentation on the Dead Sea Scrolls.  A day later, the world was a much more dangerous place and he had more than likely lost his only brother to a fate that preceded the end of the world at the hands of an alien tyrant.  He shook his head.  Patroclus had never missed his brother as sorely as he did now.
The plane’s motion ceased and the support vehicle moved away.  Patroclus heard and felt the jet engine turbines ignite to mark the final curtain-call for Atreus.  He had to leave his brother behind.  The plane gently shook under the increasing power of the engines.  Patroclus pulled his seatbelt across himself and waited for take-off.
‘Sir?’
Patroclus looked up to see the pilot again standing at the door to the cockpit, a confused expression pasted on his face.
‘What is it, Peter?’ Patroclus wearily replied.
‘You did say your brother wouldn’t be joining us this morning didn’t you?’
‘That’s right.  He had some other business to attend to.’
‘And you’ve spoken with him about that, sir?’ the pilot insisted.
‘Yes, Peter.  I have.  He told me if he wasn’t here in time for departure that we should leave without him, so let’s… get going,’ Patroclus returned a little crankily, waving the man away.
‘Sorry, sir, but…’
‘What?’ Patroclus demanded, finally losing his temper.
‘Apologies, Mister Knight, but would you mind taking a look out the port side windows?’ the pilot replied, his tone hesitant.
‘What are you prattling about, man?’ Patroclus groaned as he unlatched his seatbelt and crossed the cabin to peer out the left side of the plane.  It took a few moments for his eyes to adjust to the brightening gloom and then he saw it, the sight immediately stirring him into action.  ‘Open the hatch!’ he called out.
‘But, sir, this is a secure area and I’ve fired up the engines,’ the pilot baulked.  ‘Technically we can’t…’
‘Damn all that, man!  Get the door open now!’
‘Yes, sir!’ the pilot relented before ducking across to the hatch, pushing it open and flipping the stairway down.
Patroclus dashed down the aisle towards the now open door.  ‘Leave it to me now!’ he called out over the noise of the engines.  ‘You get back in the cockpit and kick the chocks out.  We’re still making that window!’
‘Yes, sir!’ the pilot yelled back before slipping through the cockpit door again.
Patroclus stood in the open hatch and wildly waved his arms.  The sun spilled over the eastern horizon and a golden light suffused the tarmac.  The long thin shadow of a running man instantly stretched across the asphalt, aligned parallel to the screaming Lear, but moving rapidly closer.  Patroclus yelled, but his voice was drowned out against the raging turbines.  The shadow drew closer.  Finally it reached the stairs.
Moving back from the hatch, Patroclus watched the figure thunder up the steps to rush past him and push open the cockpit door to yell, ‘Go, Peter!  Get us the hell out of here now!’
‘Yes, sir!’ the pilot called back.  ‘Buckle up!”
Meanwhile, Patroclus pulled up the stairs and reclosed the cabin door.  Turning around, he faced the man who had just blustered into the cabin to find him doubled over and gasping for breath.
‘Not as young as you used to be, hey?’ he quipped with a smile.
Atreus lifted his head and through bleary eyes, beheld his brother.  ‘Nice...to see...you too,’ he spluttered.
‘Come on,’ Patroclus replied as he gently steered Atreus into a seat.  ‘Sit down before you fall down.’
He then fastened his brother’s seatbelt for him before sitting down next to him and strapping himself in.  As he did so, the plane jolted forwards to begin taxiing out onto the runway.  Patroclus looked at his brother and held his smile.
‘Thank you, Trey,’ he said quietly.
Atreus looked blankly up as he regained his breath.
‘For keeping your promise,’ Patroclus added.
Atreus waived it away.  ‘Don’t worry about it, but I reckon you owe me one after you hear what I had to go through to get here.’  Patroclus’ eyebrows arched, but Atreus continued before he could interrupt.  ‘Oh, and by the way, we have to change our flight plan.  We can’t go back to England yet.’
Patroclus frowned.  ‘Why not?’
‘I know where the second key is and I’m pretty sure Amherst doesn’t, so we’ve probably got a head start on him.’
The Lear slowed and stopped at the end of the runway before pulling a tight pirouette to face the receding stretch of smooth bitumen ahead, the infant rays of the sun gleaming off its wings.
‘Hold on,’ Patroclus said raising his hands, palms outward.  ‘First things first.  What happened when you got back to the Temple and Amherst’s cronies realised you were leading them up the garden path about the second key?’
‘We never made it back to the Temple.  Luckily, someone jumped us on the road first and I managed to slip away in the dark.’
‘Someone jumped you on the road?’ Patroclus asked, narrowing his eyes.  ‘What does that mean?’
‘Relax.  It was nothing.  It sounds worse than it was.’
‘I doubt that.  Whenever you tell me to relax, it usually means I shouldn’t, so come on, out with it.  What exactly does jumped mean?’
Atreus cast a sideways glance at his brother and sighed.  ‘You never trust a word I say do you?’
‘No, and with good reason, Trey, so let’s have it.’
‘Fine, but don’t get all wound up if you hear something you don’t like,’ Atreus replied testily.
Patroclus’ frown deepened as his blue eyes bore into his brother’s face.
After a few moments silence, Atreus carefully began explaining.  ‘Well, it was like this.  We were driving to the Temple and must have been somewhere on the outskirts of town when someone else forced us off the road.  I had no idea what was going on and then all of a sudden, Amherst’s short, curly-haired henchman ordered all his troops out and before you know it, there was a gunfight.’
‘A what?’ Patroclus exclaimed, sitting bolt upright, his eyes burning.
‘A gunfight,’ Atreus repeated, waiving Patroclus’ outburst away, ‘but that wasn’t the worst part.  While the bad guys were busy shooting at each other, Amherst’s crew had forgotten about me, so I got ready to run away into the dark and then just when I thought I was clear, wham, I ran right into that nine foot tall, brick with eyes, Tito, and he pulled his knife on me.’
‘He pulled his knife on you?’
Atreus nodded.
‘And so you wound up in a knife fight in the middle of a gunfight?’
‘Well, sort of.  I didn’t have a knife and to be fair, Tito had something more like a sword, so it wasn’t really a knife fight.’
Patroclus groaned and rolled his eyes.
‘But hang on.  That still wasn’t the worst part,’ Atreus continued.  Patroclus wearily turned his attention back.  ‘Even after I’d smacked the big lug around a bit with a machine gun and he still almost had me, I accidentally dropped a grenade and hey presto, the van blew up.’
‘The van blew up?’ Patroclus shouted as he glared at his brother.
‘Yeah, it sure did and the next thing I know I’m lying at the bottom of a hill in the rain and that was when I high-tailed it out of there.  I suspect the van blowing up probably matured Tito’s life insurance policy, but it’s not like he didn’t have it coming anyway.’
Patroclus stared wide-eyed as the colour slowly drained from his face.  Atreus turned to look vaguely at him.
‘What?  Why the look?’ he queried innocently.
Patroclus at first struggled to find adequate words, but then when he did, they blurted out, tumbling angrily over each other.  ‘I leave you alone for a few hours and you go and cause World War Three!  I can’t trust you for a second to be responsible about anything can I?  How can you be so casual about...?’
‘Whoa!  Whoa!’  Atreus cut-in.  ‘What the hell are you on about?  It’s not like I had a choice in any of that stuff, you know.  I didn’t start the gunfight and I sure as hell didn’t ask Tito to try and slice and dice me.  The van, yeah, maybe.  I dropped the grenade sure, but that was an accident and yes, Tito got fried in the process, but it’s not like I meant for that to happen either.  It was an accident, but at least it’s one less loony the world has to deal with, so back off, okay.  Besides, what would you have rathered I’d done?  Not make it back at all?’
‘I would have rathered you hadn’t got either of us involved in this charade in the first place!’
‘Oh, well, excuse me, professor, but it’s a bit late for that now isn’t it?  You had your chance to say no, so don’t go blaming me for wanting to help save the human race!’
Patroclus opened his mouth to let fly again, but at that moment, the Lear’s twin engines throttled up to full capacity, signalling take-off, so instead he huffed and slumped into his seat, his arms folded.  A few moments later the Lear was hurtling down the runway and after a few seconds, it rose gracefully into the air, its wheels spinning clear of the Earth.  The Holy Lands dropped quickly away beneath them.
Both brothers sat silently in their seats, enduring the tension until at last Patroclus broke.
‘You still haven’t told me where you think the second key is and why we aren’t going back to England,’ he said curtly.
Atreus looked sideways at Patroclus and said, ‘It’s not like I had a chance.’
‘Well, now’s your chance.’
Atreus gathered his thoughts and then began.  ‘Okay, after you left, I had a bit more of a yarn with Amherst and he asked me about the second key and why we didn’t have it, so I made up some cock and bull story about us running out of time down in the Temple and that we had to get out before our torches died.  I don’t know if he bought it or not, but in the meantime, while we were talking, he picked up the tablet again to gloat over it and in the process I got a full-on look at the bottom of it and there, lo and behold was a map.  Now I can’t say for absolute certain, but it looked like a map showing the way to the second key, so I took it all down in my head as quickly as I could while he blabbed on about something else and then when he stopped talking and he put the tablet back in the box, I acted like nothing had happened.’
‘And you think Amherst hasn’t yet discovered this map?’
‘Not a chance.  He’s not smart enough to think of something as complex as looking on the back of the tablet.’
Patroclus nodded.  ‘So, where then is the second key?’
‘If I’ve got the map right, it looks like it might be in Oman.’
‘Oman?’ Patroclus echoed.
‘Yes, the Sultanate of Oman in the Middle East, but more precisely, in the Rub al Khali in the Sultanate of Oman.’
Patroclus closed his eyes, groaned and slumped in his seat.
‘What?’ Atreus quizzed.
‘Unbelievable,’ Patroclus mumbled before raising his head to directly address Atreus.  ‘After all we’ve been through already, you’re now telling me we have to go gallivanting around the Rub al Khali to find the second key?’
‘Um, yeah, but I don’t know about the gallivanting part.  You can gallivant if you want, but I’m just going to....’
‘Shut up!  You know what I mean.’
‘I was just saying...’
‘You know, there’s a reason they call it the Empty Quarter, Trey?’ Patroclus said exasperatedly.  ‘It’s one of the most unpleasant deserts on the planet and a place I was hoping to never have to set foot in.’
‘Gee sorry, Pat, but if we’re going to save the world, then it’s off to the desert we go I’m afraid.’
‘Afraid?  Afraid is right!  This isn’t a game, Trey!  We could quite possibly die out there!’
‘It’s a good thing dying isn’t part of my plan then.’
‘Oh, so you have a plan?  Well, this’ll be good!  It probably involves rustling camels and bribing Bedouins with shiny stones and cigarettes and then skipping all the way over some of the biggest sand dunes in the world and laughing all the way.’
‘Why would we skip when we’ll have camels?’ Atreus mocked plain-faced.
Patroclus clenched his fists and cried, ‘How can you be my brother?’
Atreus rolled his eyes and muttered, ‘I don’t know what you’re so worked up about.  It’s just a desert.’
‘It is not just a desert!  The Rub al Khali is the largest continuous sand body in the world and it’s not to be taken lightly.’
‘You’re not talking to a six year-old here you know?’ Atreus retorted, his patience worn thin.  ‘I do actually know what a desert is.  I may not be a schmancy university professor like you, but I did pass Senior College and with better marks than you just quietly.’
‘But, this is the Empty Quarter!  I can’t believe you actually want us to go out into the Empty Quarter and go sauntering around…’
‘We won’t be sauntering anywhere!’ Atreus objected.  ‘Like I said, I’ve got a map!’
‘In your head maybe, but what if you’re wrong?’
‘Why would I be wrong?  I can still see that map as plain as day!’
‘Yes, in your head, but sand dunes move, Trey!  The desert doesn’t stay the same forever, at least not for three thousand years, which is about how old that map probably is!’
Atreus pressed his lips firmly together and looked away.  He knew his brother was right.  Having a map was great, but only if it was accurate and now that he had had the possibility of failure pointed put to him, Atreus knew that he shouldn’t be over-confident about their chances of trekking through the Rub al Khali in search of the second key.  He had to devise a safer plan and he didn’t have long to do it, but in the mean time, he wouldn’t relent to Patroclus’ objections.  After all, why ruin the chance of a good argument when you were on a long flight with nothing else to do?
Atreus pulled his gaze back to Patroclus and broke the stand-off.  ‘Okay, if it makes you feel any better, I’m not that much enamoured with the Empty Quarter either,’ he said as diplomatically as he could, ‘but that’s what the map says.  If you don’t want to come you don’t have to, but I’m going.’
‘That sounds typically mature,’ Patroclus drawled.
‘Well, what have you got to offer other than running off home and hiding?’
‘What about prudence, or is that too sensible a thing for you?’
‘Prudence isn’t going to save the human race.  Someone has to actually do something and if you won’t, I will.’
Silence smothered the cabin again.  Atreus looked out the porthole while Patroclus examined the palms of his hands.  Patroclus knew Atreus was right, but why did they have to be the ones to go through all this misery?  Why couldn’t they pass it off to someone more experienced in dangerous situations like these; someone like the army?  He knew he should apologise.  Turning to his brother, he opened his mouth to speak, but Atreus’ voice interrupted him, only he didn’t see his brother’s lips move.
‘So, you have succeeded where your adversary has failed,’ Atreus’ voice said.
Patroclus froze.  Atreus remained unphased, his gaze still directed out the window, even though it was his voice that had spoken.  Atreus’ voice continued.
‘It is good that you have found the first key, but its loss to the commander’s underling is unfortunate.  However, the discovery of this map leading to the second key is more encouraging.’
‘I was wondering when you’d pipe up,’ Atreus said, still nonchalantly looking out the window.
‘It seems my appearance,’ the voice replied, ‘is no longer transparent to you, Atreus.  You must tell me how you knew I was here.’
Patroclus’ bewildered expression flicked back and forth from Atreus to the seemingly empty space of the cabin.
‘Relax, Pat,’ Atreus said casually.  ‘You’re not going nuts and I haven’t taken up ventriloquism or anything.’
‘Then what the blazes is going on?’ he asked, his eyes bulging.
‘Pat, I’d like to introduce you to your first extraterrestrial life form.  Jack.’
	
19.

Atreus and Patroclus disembarked the shuttle bus and dragged their sleep-deprived bodies into the arrivals hall of Seeb International Airport in Muscat, located in the north of the Sultanate of Oman.  One second inside the building was all the time they needed to watch their hopes of a hassle-free passage into the country instantly dissolve.  Sighing, the Knights gloomily surveyed their welcoming debacle.
The small hall teemed with a gaggle of nationalities as though the complete spectrum of human diversity had congregated en masse within the confined space and to make matters worse, everyone was talking at once.  At least a dozen languages choked the air ranging from Arabic to Farsi, Swahili to Hausa and Hindi to Filipino.  Sound bytes of English, Dutch, Chinese and Russian also rose and fell to drown in the linguistic onslaught.  Meanwhile, the meagre supply of security staff and airport officials struggled to maintain a flimsy grasp on order as the swell of people surged onto the blockade of counters.
The majority of people contributing to the chaos were Omani; the men wearing the traditional flowing, white dishdasha and the women clothed in the typically black folds of the abaya.  The multiple colours of Indian, Nigerian, Malaysian and Indonesian traditional dress further enriched the tapestry of human culture.  The sight inspired anthropological awe, but for the Knights it instilled only despair.
‘I thought you said someone would be waiting for us?’ Atreus remarked, his eyes swimming over the throng.
‘There’s meant to be,’ Patroclus replied, scanning the crowd.  ‘I called a recent student of mine from the plane, Suleiman Al Harthy, who graduated from my Oriental History class two years ago.  He tells me he’s now with the Omani Ministry of Heritage and Culture and supposedly carries enough wusta to fast-track us through customs.’
‘Wusta?’ Atreus asked.
‘Influence.  Not what you know, but who you know sort of thing.’
Atreus nodded as he wearily beheld the sea of people.  ‘What’s the bet he’s wearing a white dishdasha like the other ten thousand Omani blokes in here?’ Atreus drawled.
‘He’s here somewhere,’ Patroclus mumbled.  ‘We’ve just got to be patient.’
‘This is me we’re talking about,’ Atreus replied.  ‘Look, if Mister Al Harthy magically appears, wake me up.  Meantime, I’m going for a kip over here in the corner.’
‘Doctor Knight!’
Patroclus’ eyes twitched at the sound of his name.  Atreus halted and turned around.
‘Doctor Knight!  It is me!  Suleiman!’
Patroclus’ radar honed in on the deep-throated voice.  He studied the crowd more closely.  Abruptly, a familiar face peeped out, the figure waving a raised hand.
‘Suleiman!’ Patroclus called out, his blue eyes lighting up.  ‘Salaam Alaykum!’
‘Alaykum Salaam, Doctor Knight!’ returned a youthful and relatively tall Omani man, stepping out of the throng to address Patroclus.  Atreus’ head tilted as he took in the Omani newcomer’s mixed accent of rolling Arabic with a heavy British tinge.
Patroclus’ and the Omani’s hands clasped together in a double-handed shake.  They then leaned into each other and affectionately rubbed noses in a customary Omani greeting between treasured friends.
‘It’s good to see you again, Suleiman!’ Patroclus said as he took a step back to appraise the young man.  ‘You’ve grown up!’
Dressed traditionally, Suleiman wore the simple yet elegant robes of an ankle-length dishdasha, preferring the more formal lavender colour over the typical white.  Around his head he wore a maroon and white massar, tightly wrapped, with no loose ends showing, the printed pattern representative of his tribal origins.  A scarlet and blue belt adorned his waist with a large, ornate silver khanjar, a time-honoured Omani dagger, fastened to the front.
‘Trey!’ Patroclus called, waving his brother over.
Atreus regathered his sagging wits and weaved through the mob to where the two men stood.
‘Suleiman,’ Patroclus started, ‘I’d like to introduce my brother Atreus.’
Suleiman bowed.  ‘I am honoured to finally meet Doctor Knight’s famous brother,’ he said in flawless English, the British undertones distinctly clear.  If they had been talking over the telephone, Atreus would have sworn he was speaking with a tenth generation British lord.
‘It’s a pleasure to meet you too, Suleiman,’ Atreus said warmly as he stepped forward and proffered his hand, which Suleiman firmly grasped.  ‘Any friend of Patroclus’ is a friend of mine, especially if you can get us through this lot.’  Atreus waved at the confusion surrounding them.
‘A simple matter,’ Suleiman replied confidently with a broad smile.  ‘It will take, but a moment.’
Atreus narrowed his eyes.  ‘You sound like a man of many talents,’ he returned.
‘Perhaps you are referring to my not-so-subtle British accent?’ Suleiman inferred.    ‘It is a gift from your own country and my many years of education under your brother’s excellent tutelage, but in deference, Mister Knight, is that an antipodean twang I detect?’  Atreus raised his eyebrows again.  Suleiman continued, ‘Perhaps I should have greeted you with g’day, mate?’
Atreus fell mute and stared first at Suleiman and then at his brother, who broke the pause.  ‘Congratulations, Suleiman!’ Patroclus said with a laugh.  ‘It’s not often I see Atreus lost for words.  I congratulate you.’
Suleiman drew forth a little smile, a glint in his eyes.  ‘Please, come with me,’ he offered before turning and directing them towards the counters.  ‘This is no place for good friends to meet.  Let me guide you through.’
As they followed Suleiman through the crowd, Atreus sidled up to his brother and quietly accosted him.  ‘Where did you get this guy?  He sounds just as posh as you and what’s with the smart-aleck lines?  That’s my job.’
‘You’ll find the Al Harthy family carries a lot of weight in this part of the world.  Suleiman’s as close to Oxford born and bred as an Omani can be.  He’s a highly educated man, Trey, not some Bedouin camel-trader.’
‘I can tell by the size of his khanjar, but are you sure he’s got enough wusta to get us through passport control without a visa?’
Suleiman stopped at the nearest counter and nodded to the official who curtly nodded back.  Suleiman then turned and beckoned the Knights to go through the gate.  No words.  No delay.  Atreus was dumbfounded.
‘I guess he has,’ Patroclus quipped as he stepped off to pass by the counter.
Atreus watched his brother pass through and then looked around at the closely-packed front-runners on the queues around him, only to be met by a wall of disapproving glares.  He looked dubiously up at Suleiman who simply smiled and nodded.  Dipping his head, Atreus scurried forward, ignoring the multitude of curses shouted at him in several different languages.
As Atreus slid past Suleiman, he whispered, ‘Nice wusta, mate.’

*          *          *

Fifteen minutes later, with a four-week tourist visa magically arranged and their sparse luggage transferred from the Lear into a waiting government-badged Land Cruiser, the Knights waited beneath the portico outside the Arrivals Hall.  Chaos continued to swarm around them.  It seemed their landing had coincided with the arrival of several other commercial flights; two from India, two from Dubai, a fifth from Sri Lanka and a sixth from Kuala Lumpur, all of them jammed packed.  The circus had definitely come to town.
Atreus wiped a thin film of sweat from his forehead.  It was October and it was hot, but not ridiculously hot.  At least the heat and humidity of summer had started to ease to bearable levels, but there would be no respite in their imminent trek into the Rub al Khali, a thought that played more and more on Atreus’ mind as every hour passed.  He still needed a plan to get them safely through their upcoming ordeal and inspiration was becoming hard to find, especially with the mayhem currently surrounding them.
Surveying the snarl of traffic broiling beneath the portico, Atreus sighed.  All he wanted was a shower and a couple of hours of kip.  This mess wasn’t helping.  Just then a very persistent dark blue Porsche Cayenne entered the fracas and barged its way into the portico to roll up in front of the government Land Cruiser with their luggage in it.  The door swung open and Suleiman emerged, smiling and waving them over.  The Knights gladly obliged.
‘Doctor Knight, has your luggage been transferred?’ Suleiman asked.
‘Yes, thank you it has,’ Patroclus replied.
‘Very good, then we will get you on your way, but first I must apologise,’ Suleiman said, holding a hand on his heart.  ‘I have just received an urgent summons to return to the ministry and I cannot refuse, so I must leave you in the charge of my colleague, Yaqoub, who will drive you in my stead to the Al Bustan Palace Hotel.’
‘Mafi mushkilah, Suleiman.  No problem,’ Patroclus returned as he shook the Omani’s hand.  ‘You have been the eye in the storm for us.  Hopefully before we leave we can spend some time together discussing Oman’s ancient past and its promising future?’
‘Inshallah.  God willing, Doctor Knight.  Now, please, do not let me keep you any longer,’ Suleiman pressed as he opened the rear passenger door of the Land Cruiser.  ‘I will do my best to meet you tonight for dinner.’
‘Oh, you’ve just reminded me,’ Patroclus said, stopping short in the door to the car.  ‘Did you manage to contact my acquaintance?’
Atreus looked sideways at his brother, who flicked his gaze quickly at him and then hurriedly away.
‘How forgetful of me,’ Suleiman said, bowing slightly.  ‘Yes, I did and your friend will also be joining you tonight.  They are very much looking forward to it, as am I.’
‘Thank you again, Suleiman,’ Patroclus said, shaking hands one final time with his Omani friend.  ‘See you tonight.’
Atreus and Patroclus then climbed into the vehicle to let their driver bustle them out of the portico.  Rounding the iconic clock-tower at the entrance to the airport, they turned left and merged onto the freeway to immediately wish they hadn’t.
A silver, Mitsubishi WRX instantly whizzed past them, its chrome wheels sparkling, a resonant thumping emanating from inside the cabin and a strategically placed sunshield covering the passenger side of the windscreen.  The car’s air horn hooted and a pair of mirrored sunglasses peered out from above the tinted window of the driver’s seat.
The driver of the Knights’ Land Cruiser merely ignored the young hoon and instead concentrated on a precision passing manoeuvre to skirt the meandering Lexus in front of them.  Suddenly, a gigantic Ford Explorer blasted past their left hand side with a battered orange and white Toyota Corolla taxi tail-gating it as though the two cars were stapled together.
Patroclus winced, but their driver continued as though nothing unusual had happened.  He simply let the cars stream past before ducking in behind the taxi to join the speeding conga-line, the Land Cruiser’s one hundred and twenty kilometre per hour speed-warning bleeping pointlessly.  Patroclus cringed.
‘Who’s the mystery guest coming to dinner?’ Atreus asked.
Patroclus turned away from the window, thankful for the distraction from the live Nintendo game going on around them.
‘It’s nobody,’ he replied, waiving the question away.  ‘Just an old colleague who’s now a professor at the Sultan Qaboos University here in Muscat.  I thought it was a good opportunity to catch up.  You don’t mind do you?’
‘Is he as stuffy as you?’
Patroclus wrinkled his nose at the comment and looked back out the window.  Atreus followed suit.
‘So, that was Jack?’ Patroclus asked, breaking the silence.  ‘Do you really think he just beamed himself back up to his spaceship when we landed at the airport?’
‘Who knows?’ Atreus replied shrugging.  ‘Maybe he did.  Maybe he didn’t.  Maybe he’s actually sitting in the front passenger seat right now, listening to everything we say?’
Patroclus flicked his gaze to the seemingly empty seat.  Atreus noted the look and reached forward to wave his hand through the vacant space.
‘Relax,’ he said.  ‘No baddies here, but I mean it when I say I don’t trust him.’
‘Why?  He seemed quite reasonable to me.’
‘Do you think an honest alien would stow-away on board our Lear without telling us, like Mister Invisible did?’
‘Hmm, no,’ Patroclus said shaking his head.  ‘I guess you’re right.  That’s actually kind of creepy.’
‘Creepy’s right.  Aliens shouldn’t be allowed to be invisible,’ Atreus said and then continued muttering.  ‘I just hope he isn’t into cattle mutilations...or anal probes, whatever that’s all about?’
 Patroclus cast a frown at his brother and then said, ‘He couldn’t stop throwing platitudes at you, though.  It seems you’ve made quite an impression there.’
‘Aliens are easy, mate.  Its impressing family that’s difficult.’
Patroclus ignored the barb.  ‘And then there’s still this matter of our little desert excursion, which you haven’t sold me on.  You know you might be able to store a lot of things up there in that big brain of yours, but trusting this three thousand year-old map is a little reckless, even for you.’
‘Trust me.  Have I let you down yet?’
‘Hmm, let’s see.  Terrorist bombings, midnight gun battles, homicidal, knife-wielding maniacs,’ Patroclus said sarcastically as he scratched his head.  ‘Have I forgotten anything?’
‘Yes, booby trapped temples, but come on?  I didn’t say it hasn’t been exciting, I just said I haven’t let you down yet.’
‘You keep this up and they’ll have to rewrite the definition of exciting.’
Atreus turned away to watch the Omani capital pass by.  The smooth, six-lane freeway cut a predominantly straight line across the flat coastal plain; its workmanship a testament to the country’s growing economy; its immaculate presentation typical of the Omani concern with appearance.  Both sides of the freeway lay covered in rich verdant lawns interspersed with masses of brightly-coloured flowers.  Thick, leafy trees and feathery date palms lethargically spread their limbs over the gardens, a tightly bound hedge marking the rear limit of the green carpets.  No sign of litter fouled the display, its absence markedly conspicuous.
‘It’s really quite nice isn’t it?’ Patroclus said.  ‘No litter.  Greenery everywhere.  It’s not at all what I expected.’
The Land Cruiser whizzed past a cluster of orange-clad workers on the side of the road, all of them carrying bulging garbage bags.  ‘That explains the lack of litter,’ Atreus commented.  ‘Looks like they’ve all just flown in from Mumbai or Karachi.’
‘I guess picking up garbage in Muscat pays better than what they can get back home.’
‘Well and truly I imagine.  The two or three dollars an hour they get here is infinitely better than the poverty they’d get back on the subcontinent.’
‘Well, the place looks nice, so they’re doing a good job.’
‘Until you look past the grass and trees that is and it all turns to desert,’ Atreus added.
Patroclus looked again at the luxuriant sidelines and then beyond them.  The unbroken hedge at the rear of the lawn served two purposes; one of aesthetic pleasure and the other deception.  Behind the façade of the green wall, the garden abruptly ended.  In its stead, the true nature of the countryside stretched away on both sides.
To their left the scrub-littered plain extended to the glittering shores of the Gulf of Oman.  To their right the sand rolled a further five or six kilometres before pushing up against a line of low, hulking peaks, where the foothills of the Western Hajaar Mountains thrust their rounded shoulders out of the ground to form a close boundary to the coastal plain, their sturdy bulk hemming in much of the sprawling city of greater Muscat in front of them.
As the Land Cruiser ventured closer towards the heart of the city, the initially sparse housing steadily increased in density.  Patroclus also noted that the diversity of decoration of the houses also grew the further they drove.  Even though the general architecture was that of big square, concrete homes, each dwelling portrayed its own unique character.   In addition to the typically stark white exterior, many houses displayed pastel yellows, magentas and blues with colonnaded entrance-ways, tiled mosaics and ornate glass windows.  Each dwelling also sported a solid concrete wall surrounding it, with a large wrought-iron gate as though crime infested the city.
‘Trey, what is the crime rate here in...?’ Patroclus started to ask.
‘Hold on,’ his brother interrupted.  ‘Get a load of this.’
Patroclus’ gaze swivelled to follow Atreus’ and he instantly forgot his question as he spied a towering minaret soaring up on their right hand side, its multi-terraced exterior piercing the blue autumn sky.
‘The Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque,’ Atreus revealed.
Patroclus continued to boggle.  A massive complex sprawled beneath the central minaret, the building’s silken sandstone finish radiating gloriously in tones of cream and oyster.    Four smaller, but no less impressive minarets cornered the huge structure with colossal arches providing gaping entries into its vast courtyards and gardens.  Resting atop the very centre of the mosque lay a huge, golden dome, its perfect half-sphere intricately encased within a gold-embossed, stone lattice.  From its apex, a golden spire stabbed upwards to hold aloft the iconic crescent moon of Islam, its metallic lustre gleaming across the coastal plain like a beacon of faith.
‘Good gracious,’ Patroclus said as he gawked.  ‘That is staggering.  If only we had time to stay and visit?’
‘Yeah, if only alright, because apart from just being all big and impressive, it also houses the biggest, continuous carpet in the world.  It’s something like four thousand, two hundred and sixty-three square metres in size and took over six-hundred women more than two years to weave and weighs...’ 
‘Trey, that’s all very nice,’ Patroclus cut-in, ‘but this is no time to show off your photographic memory.  How about we get back to this map you found on the back of the clay tablet?’
‘How many times do I have to...?’
‘Sorry.  Sorry.  It’s not a photographic memory.  Quite right.  It’s eidetic recall, but now, let’s get back to the map, please?’
It’s also got the biggest Swarovski crystal chandelier in the world...’ Atreus continued to mutter as he watched the Grand Mosque slip by.
‘The map, Trey?’ Patroclus pushed.  ‘A bit of focus, please?’
‘Alright.  Alright,’ he replied a little crossly.  ‘What about this?  I think the easiest way to show you the path on the map is when we get to the hotel, I’ll fire up Google Earth and see if I can draw it on as an overlay?  That way you get to see what I’m talking about and we both get to see what sort of countryside we’ll have to go through to get to the second key.  Cool?’
‘As well as decide if we go at all,’ Patroclus added.
Atreus rolled his eyes.  ‘No.  You can decide if you’re going, but I’m locked in, no ifs or buts.’
Patroclus let the reply go by without answer, instead turning to look out the window once again at the passing scenery.
The freeway rose up and then plunged into a deep road cutting as it carved a path through the encroaching limestone hills.  Emerging out the other side, the ocean appeared at close quarters on their left, the ruffled blue waters hosting the gargantuan bulks of two anchored oil tankers.
‘I guess that explains all the new cars on the roads and the grandeur of the Sultan’s mosque?’ Patroclus said rhetorically.
‘Texas tea,’ Atreus replied, ‘or in this case, Middle East moolah.’
On they drove, through and over more barren mountain slopes until finally, the road swung down towards the sea and the honey-coloured limestone hills lazily tumbled into the lapis lazuli waters of the Gulf of Oman.
‘Extraordinary,’ Patroclus said quietly.  ‘So many contrasts.  I thought all we’d see was sand and more sand.’
‘Wait till we get to the desert,’ Atreus mumbled.
The Land Cruiser reached the foot of the slope and veered to the right, a magnificent tree-lined avenue opening ahead of them.  Rising slowly above the greenery there appeared a massive, olive-green turret.
‘The Al Bustan Palace Hotel,’ Atreus said.
‘Looks lovely,’ Patroclus commented.
‘It’s better than lovely, Pat.  It’s the best hotel in the country.’
Patroclus nodded as he watched an Indian Roller flit between the trees, its wings flashing cyan blue in the bright sunshine.  Meanwhile, Atreus considered what lay ahead.  Tomorrow they were bound for Salalah in the far south of the country from where they would launch into the furnaces of the Rub al Khali in search of the second key, a prospect that would ordinarily excite Atreus, but not this time.  This time he had nothing but grave doubts.
The drive from the airport had afforded Atreus time enough to concoct a plan, but it was crazy, even by his standards.  He had done a lot of incredibly reckless things in his life, but this caper was well and truly head and shoulders above all of them in terms of insanity.  Unfortunately, it was the only way he could keep Patroclus safe and that was paramount in his mind.  Atreus would not endanger his brother’s life ever again if he could help it.
As for Amherst, he would not be fooled for long.  Sooner or later the scoundrel would find the map on the back of the clay tablet and come after them and that meant even more trouble.  Atreus had to stop him and that meant getting to the second key first and if his plan was the only way, he was the only person who could pull it off, but he had to keep it a secret, otherwise Patroclus would try to stop him, as would any other sane person.
Atreus looked out the window at the gardens and tried to distract himself, but failed.  He could think of nothing else.  Disaster and failure loomed, but towering over everything else was doom; his, Patroclus’ and the entire human race’s.  Atreus had to save them all and to do so, he would probably have to sacrifice his own life.

20.

Lord Amherst sat at the desk in his luxury apartment in Jerusalem wondering how far he had fallen behind the Knights in search of the greatest prize in human history.  The Marib Tablet lay flipped over in front of him, the depiction of King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba hidden from view underneath and the bottom side lying face-up to display his rueful discovery.  It was clearly a map and he had already concluded that it depicted the ancient Felix Arabia landmass, but where in the world did the bright red trail showing on it lead to?  Lord Amherst pulled his laptop closer to begin comparing.
The screen on his computer depicted a similar map, except it was a modern, physical illustration of the southern Arabian Peninsula, the countries of Oman, Yemen and Saudi Arabia butting up against one another.  Shifting his scrutiny between the laptop and the tablet, Lord Amherst identified on both of them a great swathe of rich, tan colouring that spanned almost the entire width of the Arabian Peninsula, portraying the vast wastelands of the Rub al Khali, the Empty Quarter.  Several blue dots lay scattered across the tablet’s map as likely representations of significant cities or townships of the era, some of them bearing miniature pictures providing clues as to their strategic role in the region.  A red line linked many of the blue dots, highlighting a major trail or path of travel between them.
Lord Amherst frowned as he rubbed a finger across his lips.  His gaze bore into the laptop, then flipped across to the tablet, then flicked back to the screen, the creases in his brow burrowing deeper and deeper.  Then he brightened.
‘The Frankincense Trail?’ he murmured.
Enzo looked on from behind like a mannequin, interested only in knowing where to go and who to kill.  Atreus’ escape had caused his pot of money at the end of the rainbow to begin fading.  He now needed to reclaim his credibility or lose both his dreams and possibly his life at the same time.
‘Where are we going, boss?’ he asked.
Lord Amherst leaned back and fixed a far away gaze across the room, completely ignoring his lackey.
‘So, you’ve gone to the Rub al Khali have you, Atreus?’ Lord Amherst muttered.  ‘How very brave.’
‘The rub al what?’ Enzo asked, screwing his face up.
Lord Amherst rose and slowly paced around the desk continuing to mutter as he did.  ‘How will you do it though?  How will you get that deep into the desert and come back out alive?’
Enzo’s focus followed his employer across the room.  ‘What desert?  Where?’
‘But the danger doesn’t matter does it?  You’ll find a way won’t you?  To find the palace of the queen of Sheba, you’d do anything, probably even risk your own life.’
‘What palace?  What desert?’ Enzo continued to probe.  ‘Just tell me where to go and I’ll make up for last night.’
Lord Amherst finally acknowledged his henchman.  Slowly, he turned to coolly appraise the man, raising an eyebrow.  ‘Last night?  You want to make up for last night do you?’ he asked imperiously.  ‘What about yesterday afternoon too?  What about that startling display of ineptitude or has your string of failures become too long for you to remember them all?’  Lord Amherst’s eyes narrowed to needle points, wilting Enzo’s will and forcing him to bow his head.  ‘The ice you walk on could not be any thinner, little man, but you do have one last chance to extend your miserable life.’
Enzo swallowed hard and sheepishly looked up.  Lord Amherst held his impaling glare a moment longer and then abruptly returned to the laptop.  Jabbing a finger down at the map on the screen, he snarled, ‘You have forty-eight hours to get me here.  Don’t fail me again.  Do you understand?’
Fixing his gaze on the map, Enzo nodded, but he didn’t understand.  Lord Amherst’s finger pointed directly to an empty patch of desert in the southern reaches of Oman, where all he could see on the map was an endless sea of sand.  Why Atreus would go there, he didn’t know, but it didn’t matter.  Atreus had to die, and Enzo would go anywhere to make sure that happened.
 
21.

Planet Earth loomed into view; the North American continent filling the visible surface of the planet from top to bottom.  The globe then suddenly experienced a sharp jerk to the left as North America spun out of view and the Atlantic Ocean whizzed past to be replaced by Africa.  A second whirl rudely displaced Africa westward over the horizon to leave the Middle East positioned at centre stage, the great tectonic rift systems of the Red Sea, the Gulf of Aden and the Arabian Gulf framing the ageless, peninsula’s sweeping deserts and barren, rocky plains.
Atreus centred Google Earth’s hand-shaped cursor over the border separating Yemen from Oman and double-clicked.  The perspective on the computer monitor plummeted from almost four thousand miles to just less than one thousand miles, allowing considerably more detail to materialise.  Ancient dendritic drainage patterns etched the parched, golden landscape like enormous sea fans.  Orderly rows of linear sand dunes marched across the emptiness like sandy ripples at low tide on the beach, while smudgy sun-baked mountain ranges bordered the edges of vast gravel plains.  The Rub al Khali.  The Empty Quarter.  A vision of awe, and of death.
Set-up in the Al Bustan Palace Hotel’s business centre, Atreus sat at the computer keyboard, while Patroclus stood behind him, peering at the screen.  With the view now where he wanted it to be, Atreus began his explanation.
‘Right.  The map I saw on the back of the clay tablet pretty much covered this part of the Middle East,’ he started as he rolled the cursor over the screen to better illustrate his meaning.  ‘The dots I remember seeing most likely marked major cities along the ancient Frankincense Trail here, here, here and here.’
Pressing the “pin” button on Google Earth’s tool bar, Atreus tagged four place marks to the locations he had just identified, one of them on the far western coast of Oman and the other three on the edge of the Rub al Khali with two in Oman and the last in western Yemen.
‘When you say the Frankincense Trail,’ Patroclus asked, ‘I assume you’re referring to the ancient trade in incense between the south Arabian Sabaean Empire and the rest of the known world three thousand years ago?’
‘That’s right, Professor, but as you well know, this wasn’t any old incense.  This was frankincense, which is most famously referred to in the bible when the three wise men turned up in Bethlehem to present gifts to the baby Jesus.  The stuff was worth a fortune; more than gold or silver and the Sabaeans had a monopoly on it because it pretty much grows only here in southern Arabia and a little bit on the Horn of Africa.  Genus Boswellia to be precise, which is...’
‘Yes, thanks, Trey.  Now that you’ve told me something I already know,’ Patroclus drawled, ‘can you show me the exact path of this trail, so I can see just how much danger you plan on putting us in?’
Atreus frowned and turned back to face the computer screen where the Google Earth image hovered over the brown and golden hues of the Arabian Peninsula.  ‘Well, as I was saying, there were four cities marked on the map,’ he said, pointing once again to the four place marks he had positioned on the image.  ‘The four cities were joined by a red line, which I guess represents one of the ancient overland trails in the frankincense trade.  Got me so far?’
‘Yes, go on,’ Patroclus replied, pulling over a chair and sitting next to his brother.
‘Well, if we trace the path all the way to the coast, we get to this point marked on the southern coast of Oman, which if we zoom in on, I’m sure will reveal itself to be…’ Atreus double-clicked the mouse on the coastal dot and Google Earth honed in closer.  The resolution sharpened and a cluster of roads and buildings appeared beneath the dot.  Then a name popped up.  ‘Ah hah!  Just as I thought!  Salalah!’ Atreus said triumphantly.
‘I’m guessing Salalah marks the end of the overland trail?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Correct.  The dot marking Salalah on the back of the tablet also had a miniature painting next to it depicting a dhow or some sort of Arabian sailing vessel suggesting it was a major sea-trading port where they exported the frankincense from.’
‘So, if the trail ends in Salalah, to where would we backtrack to find the beginning?
‘I’m glad you asked, so why don’t we go over and find out?’ Atreus answered as he zoomed back out to reveal the fourth dot further to the west in neighbouring Yemen.  Atreus then zoomed in and the terrain sharpened to reveal a village huddled on the edge of the desert against a line of hills.  Then a name appeared.  ‘Bingo!  Marib!  That’s where Winston’s clay tablet was found and if we check out these Google Earth posts we get...,’ Atreus continued as he clicked on the little blue information symbols on the screen overlying the village, ‘...Mahram Bilqis, the Sabaean Temple of the Moon and Temple Awan, the Sabaean Temple of the Sun.’
‘Hmm, interesting,’ Patroclus murmured.  ‘Marib’s long been theorised as the capital of the Sabaean Empire and the home of the Queen of Sheba, so it makes sense that the trail should start there.’
‘Well, I’d stop calling it a theory and carve it into stone if I were you?  No pun intended,’ Atreus said, ‘because the map on the back of the clay tablet even had a miniature portrait of a woman’s head next to the Marib dot.  You can’t get much more fact than that.’
‘That is interesting,’ Patroclus mumbled.
‘Anyway, I’m not suggesting the second key is in either Salalah or Marib.’
‘So, where then do we go?’
‘Let’s have a look over here,’ Atreus said as he scrolled the image back to the east into Oman to where he had placed the remaining two points on the map.  ‘If we follow the trail eastwards out of Marib, across the border and to here on the edge of the dune sea in the Rub al Khali, we get to the two other cities marked on the trail.’
‘And it’s in one of these two places you think the second key is located?’
‘Steady on, Pat.  Hold your horses.  I’ve got a quiz for you first.’
Patroclus rolled his eyes.
‘On the clay tablet, this dot had a camel drawn next to it,’ Atreus said, placing the cursor over the eastern of the two dots.  ‘The camel suggests the city was a major overland trading stop and here’s the quiz.  What’s the name of this city, which is mentioned in the Quran and has been a site of ongoing controversy ever since it was discovered in the nineteen eighties?’
Patroclus smirked and cast a sideways glance at his brother.  ‘You could at least ask me a difficult question,’ he said.  ‘As soon as you said you wanted to come to Oman, I’ve had my suspicions this place would come up.’
‘Okay, then, let’s put those suspicions to the test,’ Atreus said, zooming in on the second dot.  The landscape rushed up at them once more.  A large wadi filled the screen, the braided watercourse more resembling a thick mooring rope rather than an age-old river bed.  A small airstrip and a few scattered buildings emerged from the pixelated image, as did a name.  Atreus turned to address Patroclus.  ‘And has Professor Knight successfully answered the sixty-four thousand dollar question?’
‘Shisr,’ Patroclus read from the screen, nodding, ‘which refers to the modern day village next to the ruins that we in the archaeological fraternity know as Ubar.’
‘Well played, professor,’ Atreus mocked as he performed a quiet golf-clap.  ‘Ubar it is and that is significant how?’
‘Ubar or the City of a Thousand Pillars,’ Patroclus recounted, looking down at the desk, ‘is a city referred to in the Qur’an as having been populated by the great grandchildren of Noah.  The city grew fabulously wealthy on the spoils of trade and erred in its ways to eventually fall into disrepute.  God demanded the inhabitants change their wicked ways or he would smite them and when they didn’t, he buried them and their entire city under the desert, thus Ubar’s more romantic name, the Atlantis of the Sands and henceforth relegating it to myth.’
‘And mythical it would’ve remained,’ Atreus added ostentatiously, ‘until NASA acquired a ground-penetrating radar survey over the area, revealing a myriad of trails converging onto a single point beside an ancient wadi.  Then a man by the name of Nicholas Clapp, in association with our very own English adventurer Sir Ranulph Fiennes, ventured into the desert and lo and behold, discovered what you see on the screen; the lost city of Ubar.’
‘Bravo, very clever, Trey,’ Patroclus said, ‘but getting back to the point.  Is Ubar where you think we’ll find the second key?’
‘No,’ Atreus said simply.
Patroclus huffed.  ‘So where then, Captain Silver, is the buried treasure?’
‘Ah ha!’ Atreus exclaimed, raising his index finger.  ‘Now for the last!  To find the second key, we need to head west-northwest of Ubar to the final dot on the map.’  As he said this, Atreus dragged the image on the screen to the right until the fourth point appeared very close to the Yemeni border.
Patroclus peered more closely at the screen.  ‘There’s nothing there except sand and gravel.’
‘Sand and gravel to you maybe, but this is exactly where the last dot was positioned on the map, so there must be something there,’ Atreus replied.
‘I doubt it, Trey.  At least Ubar was positioned strategically on the banks of that big wadi, but this other dot doesn’t look like it’s near anything.  Are you sure you’ve got it in the right place?’
‘Positive,’ Atreus replied as he too squinted at the screen.
‘Well, I’m not convinced.  It seems more likely to me that the second key would be at Ubar rather than out there at some far flung point in the desert.  At least Ubar is mentioned in the Qur’an and given its status as a regional trading capital on the Frankincense trail, it would have been a far more sensible place to find something like the second key don’t you think?  Maybe we should start looking there?’
Atreus ignored the prompt and bent further forward in his seat till his face virtually pressed up against the computer screen.
Patroclus tolerated his brother’s ignorance for a few moments, but then relented.  ‘What are you doing, Trey?  There’s nothing out there to see.’
‘Have a look at this,’ Atreus finally said.
Patroclus considered protesting again, but decided not to.  Instead he amused his brother.  ‘What have you got?’ he asked.
‘See here where I’ve put the place mark?’ Atreus indicated with the mouse.
‘You mean right on top of that sand dune in the middle of nowhere?’
‘Yeah, except compare that sand dune to the others around it.’
Patroclus pushed in front of Atreus and peered at the mysterious feature.  He frowned.
‘What can you see?’ Atreus asked.
‘The dune does appear to be browner in colour than the other more golden dunes around it,’ Patroclus said, ‘and it’s not as linear either.  It definitely looks more irregular, but so what?  Why is that of any significance?’
‘Because I don’t think it’s a sand dune at all.’
Patroclus straightened and looked down his nose at his brother.  ‘Then what is it, considering it’s sitting in the desert surrounded by countless other sand dunes?’
‘I could be wrong…’
‘Heaven forbid,’ Patroclus mumbled.
‘…but it looks a lot like a salt mound,’ Atreus finished.
Patroclus stared blankly back.  ‘A what?’ he asked.
‘A salt mound.’
‘Pardon me, Trey,’ Patroclus added patiently, ‘but I said what, not because I misheard you, but rather because I don’t know what you’re talking about.  What, pray tell, is a salt mound?’
‘It seems a quick geology lesson is in order.’
Patroclus rolled his eyes again as he sat back.  ‘Please, just make it quick,’ he said wearily.
‘Okay.  Despite the Arabian Peninsula today being one big, desert, it actually lies smack on top of what were probably the two largest, ancient oceans the world has ever seen, the Tethys and the Neo-Tethys, which is one reason why it has so much oil, but that’s another story.’
‘To be told at a later stage no doubt?’ Patroclus mumbled.
‘When these oceans dried up,’ Atreus continued, ‘they left behind an immense blanket of salt, which over the millennia was buried and heated by successive layers of sediment.’
‘How truly fascinating?’ Patroclus sarcastically quipped.
‘Instead of solidifying, the salt remained liquid under the ground and was effectively squeezed all through the stratigraphic sequence, mainly following lines of weakness like faults and fractures.  Present day, the salt exists as pillars and curtains and other stuff under the ground, but in some places, the salt actually extruded to the surface.’
‘And this is a phenomenon observed in other parts of the world?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Yeah.’
‘And you’ve personally seen them, in other parts of the world?’
‘Well, no,’ Atreus answered slowly, causing his brother to raise an eyebrow, ‘but I have seen them here in Oman.’
Patroclus’ gaze flicked up.  ‘You have?’
‘Yeah, I drove past some last time I was here,’ he replied.  ‘The Muscat to Salalah road goes right past some in the interior of the country.  From a distance, they look just like low-lying hills, but in actual fact they’re huge mounds of salt-laced earth.  I was hitching a ride with a geologist working for the government-sponsored oil company and he pointed them out to me.  Later on he pulled out an aerial photo of them and, hey presto, they looked a lot like this thing underneath my fourth dot.’
‘Okay, then,’ Patroclus said, folding his arms.  ‘Let’s assume this mysterious feature, that you so conveniently happened to place your marker on without knowing it, is actually a salt mound and not a sand dune, so what?  Why, would the second key be there and not at Ubar?’
‘Well, if it is a salt mound, it’s probably associated with some shallow fracturing that might be linked to the local artesian aquifers.’
‘And that’s significant because?’
‘If these fractures access subterranean aquifers then they might have acted as conduits for water to flow to the surface and form natural water springs, which in the desert would be nothing short of sensational.  Building a city next to a naturally occurring spring in the Rub al Khali would be as strategic as building a city next to a big wadi like at Ubar.’
‘That’s a highly compelling argument, Trey,’ Patroclus replied, looking vaguely around the room, ‘but it still doesn’t prove why the second key would be at some desert outpost rather than in the mythical city of Ubar.’
Atreus reclined in his chair and placed his hands behind his head, a tiny smile twisting his lips upwards.  Patroclus rubbed a hand across his forehead.  ‘Okay, stop it with the Cheshire Cat routine,’ he said.  ‘Just tell me what else you know.’
Atreus held his relaxed position.  ‘There was one thing I forgot to mention.  Remember how I said the dots on the map had miniature pictures next to them?’
Patroclus nodded.
‘Well, as I said, Marib had a portrait of a woman’s head and Salalah had a dhow and Ubar had a camel.’
‘Yes, I recall.’
‘Guess what the fourth dot had?’ Atreus asked.
Patroclus took a deep breath and with forced patience, exhaled.  ‘What did the fourth dot have?’
Atreus orchestrated a longer pause, and then spoke.  ‘A picture of the second key.’

22.

The early afternoon sun dithered over the city of Muscat, its autumn rays drenching the quiet streets and secluded bays in comfortable warmth.  The perspective from the spaceship afforded Jack an unobstructed view over the entire width and breadth of the small metropolis, his vantage allowing him to follow the progress of the Knights from the airport to the hotel.
Turning away, Jack began making his way back to his quarters, pondering his discussion with the Knights aboard their aircraft.  It was now obvious.  Atreus no longer trusted him.  The man’s mind was far too complex to develop something as simple as trust.  However, he had proven his worth in locating the first key and was now following a solid lead towards the second.  Jack suspected though, that ultimately Atreus would baulk at handing the second key over.  That was why Jack needed Lord Amherst.
In complete polarity to Atreus, Lord Amherst was moronic, seeming more like an infant than a creature of elder years.  He possessed neither the academic knowledge nor the mental ability that Atreus possessed, but he did have one redeeming feature, his unscrupulous selfishness.  This was all Jack needed to guide the man.  The false promise of providing the blueprints to his time-travel experiment fuelled his ambition.  How easy it seemed to manipulate these humans?
Thankfully Lord Amherst had managed to attain the first key from Atreus.  Acquiring the second key should now be equally as simple after Jack had pointed out the presence of the map on the back of the clay tablet.  All Jack had to do was keep Lord Amherst focused and on Atreus’ tail and all would pan out perfectly.  If for some unforseen reason the entire scheme dissolved, Jack would simply kill them all, including Atreus’ brother and Lord Amherst’s band of mercenaries.  Then he would start over with someone else.  His success was inevitable.  Soon, time travel would once again be his to master.

23.

Atreus sat on the balcony of his suite overlooking the lush hotel gardens and the glittering Gulf of Oman, talking into a spare mobile phone he had kept stashed on the Lear.
‘Theo, it’s good to hear your voice,’ Atreus said into the hand piece.  ‘It’s been a hell of a long time.’
‘Cut the nostalgia, partner,’ a strong Texan voice drawled back down the line.  ‘You’re crazy.  You know that?’
‘Wow.  You too?  A lot of people say that about me.’
‘Then a lot of people know what they’re talking about.  I’ve seen you try to kill yourself in so many different and creative ways that I’ve lost count, but this, this is just plain dumb.’
‘Relax, cowboy.  Everything will be fine,’ he said into the handpiece.  ‘This is me we’re talking about.’
‘Yeah, exactly!  That’s why I’m not relaxed,’ Theo shot back.  ‘It’s crazy British guys like you and Richard Branson that prove being filthy rich doesn’t equate to having brains.’
‘You sound like my brother,’ Atreus drawled.
‘Do I?  Well, that probably means both him and me are smarter than you.’
‘Speaking of my brother, not a word, remember?’
‘What if he asks me?  You want me to lie?’
‘No.  I want you to lie really well.’
‘You really are crazy.’
‘Mate, I need that plane at midday tomorrow at Salalah airport.  Can you do that for me?’
‘Partner, that’s easy,’ Theo replied.  ‘I’ll even fill it with all the survival kit you need, but what I won’t do is help you commit suicide.’
‘You think I want to die?’
‘After listening to what you want to do, that’s a big yes.’
‘Unbelievable!  Why does everyone think I’ve got a death wish?’ Atreus wailed, rising from his chair and holding his spare hand out.  ‘Staying alive is right up there at the top of my list, mate.  Always has been.’
‘Then tell me why you have to pull this wild ass stunt?  Why do you have to get out into the desert so darn quickly?  That lost city has been out there for thousands of years already, so can’t it wait a week or two while you sort out a proper expedition like any sane person would do?’
Atreus paused.  On the other end of the phone line was Theodore Bray from Houston, Texas.  Theo and Atreus had become best friends as young men when Theo, who was in the United States Army, had been briefly stationed in London as an attaché at the embassy.  A random meeting in a pub had spawned a lifelong friendship that had encompassed the globe and several white-knuckled adventures.  The two were inseparable, catching up again every few years or so to inevitably find themselves in trouble of some description.
On this occasion, Atreus had hit the jackpot.  Theo was now Lieutenant-Colonel Theodore Bray in the United States Army and was currently stationed in the Sultanate of Oman, undertaking whatever secret tasks the United States military required of him in the Middle Eastern region.  At this point in time, Atreus had more need of his friend than Uncle Sam and was calling in quite possibly the biggest favour of his life.  He also had to make sure Theo did not get wind of the true reasons behind his need for speed in this matter, for example a race against a megalomaniacal alien commander who wanted to recreate a time travel experiment to destroy the human race in its evolutionary infancy some six million years prior to today.  He and Theo were the very best of friends, but this degree of truth would disrupt even the fastness of their friendship, not to mention Atreus’ credibility.
‘Look, Theo,’ Atreus said, crossing to the railing, but not seeing the view as he concentrated on his half truth.  ‘I can’t tell you everything, but what I can tell you is that if I don’t get out there as quick as humanly possible, a certain lord Amherst might beat us to it.’
‘Ahh, so that’s it?’ Theo said.  ‘You’re pal Freddy is in this and you don’t want him cutting you off at the pass so to speak?’
‘Bingo.  He’s trumped me too many times already for me to let him potentially do it again.  That mongrel is coming second this time and while I don’t know for certain how much he knows about the location of the lost city, you can be bloody sure he’ll put the pieces together sooner or later and I just want to make sure that if it is sooner, I still beat him.’
‘Okay.  I understand that,’ Theo said in a slightly more relaxed tone, ‘but this plan still makes you certifiable.  I get the urgency, but suicide is suicide and while I’ll help you, none of this makes it easy.  Not even knowing that the man who murdered your parents is involved can do that.’
‘Thanks, Theo,’ Atreus said as he silently punched the air.  ‘I can’t tell you how important this is to me and rest assured, when I pull this off, you can have anything you want from me in return.  This favour is bigger than anything you’ve ever done for me before.’
‘I don’t know why I even listen to you anymore?  When I answered the phone, I should have just hung up.’
‘Ahh, come on.  Don’t be like that.  Best mates forever.’
‘Just so you know, Theo replied, ‘I know exactly what I want from you when this is over.’
‘And that is?’
‘You, alive and well.  The world is a much more interesting place with you in it, so don’t let me down.’
‘That’s a deal, partner and hey, I meant what I said.  Best friends forever.’
‘Yeah, whatever.  I still think you’re a loon.’
‘I love these little conversations we have.’
‘I don’t.  Is dinner still on tonight?’ Theo gruffly asked.
‘Sure is.  See you at seven-thirty in the lobby.’
‘I’ll be there.  I can’t promise I’ll be happy and I might even bring handcuffs to stop you from going through with this, but I’ll be there.’
‘Brilliant.  Don’t be late.  I want to go over everything one more time before Pat comes down at eight.’
‘You and me both, partner,’ Theo said.  ‘You and me both.  See you tonight.’
‘See you tonight,’ Atreus replied and the line went dead.  Lowering the now silent handset, he looked at it and mumbled, ‘Thanks, mate.’
Atreus’ gaze rose back up to the sea view, but his eyes still did not take in the vista.  His mind was carefully going through his plan for tomorrow.  On face value it was all quite simple, but there was no denying it was death defying in its ambition.
Maybe he was mad?  Maybe this was getting out of control and it was time to find someone more capable to take this up?  Aliens.  Time travel.  Gun wielding maniacs and now a trek into the most desolate place on Earth.  Who was he kidding?  Who else in their right mind would take on this job?
Shrugging his shoulders, Atreus turned away from the view and stepped inside to begin freshening up for dinner.  The trickiest part about all this was going to be keeping his plan a secret from his brother.

24.

Atreus leaned back on the cushions of his velvet-covered chair and marvelled at the hotel lobby’s cavernous space.  The entry of the Al Bustan Palace Hotel was essentially hollow, more resembling the yawning void of an underground cave than a five-star resort, its soaring ceiling reaching over eight storeys high and its floor span wider than a football field.  To say the lobby was vast was an understatement.
Rechecking his watch, Atreus noted the minute hand closing in on seven-thirty, which meant Theo would be imminently arriving.  The man’s military pedigree ensured he was always clinically punctual and in this case, Atreus was counting on it as he desperately wanted to have Theo all to himself for a while before Patroclus came down for dinner.  This venture out into the Empty Quarter to find the second key deserved nothing less than absolute certainty over even the tiniest of details.  The risks associated were not just life changing; they were life threatening.
Looking across to the entrance and as if on cue, the glass doors slid open and a familiar figure strode through.  Theodore Bray had not changed even a little bit in the five years since Atreus had seen him.  The man still carried a strong presence with a firm set jaw, close cropped blonde hair and a sturdy breadth of shoulders.  His uniformly bronzed skin glowed under the fluorescent lights, betraying his liking for the outdoors, while in complete contrast his bright eyes and white teeth dazzled.  Even in middle age, Theo still carried the looks that had made him a favourite with the ladies when he and Atreus were younger.
Atreus stood up and Theo immediately noticed him, but instead of the typical broad grin, Theo’s face remained set hard.  The two men crossed the lobby to meet in the middle of the cavern and as Atreus approached his oldest and best friend in the entire world, trepidation raged in his mind.  Theo was clearly not happy and Theo was not a man to cross.  As they came together, Atreus filled his face with a smile and cast his arms wide for their customary embrace, but Theo stopped short in front of him, his expression rock solid and unflinching.  Atreus also froze, his grin going stale and his unaccepted hug now feeling more than just a little awkward.
‘What?’ Atreus finally said, venturing first into the uneasy silence.  ‘No hug?’
Theo remained impassive, but then the corners of his mouth turned up and that familiar, bright smile split his tanned face as a deep laugh rumbled from within.
Atreus immediately relaxed and brusquely wrapped his old friend in a tight embrace with Theo reciprocating.  Together they slapped each other on the back and laughed like only old friends could.  Finally, the two men separated and looked each other up and down.
‘Theo, you old dog,’ Atreus said, ‘it’s good to see you.’
‘Likewise, partner,’ Theo replied in his Texan drawl, ‘but just cause I’m smiling, it doesn’t mean you’re off the hook.’
‘Whatever you say, big guy, but I know you can’t stay pissed at me.  That stony face thing you just did.  That’s not you.  You’re like Turkish Delight on the inside.’
‘You keep telling yourself that, pal, right up till when you get to Salalah Airport tomorrow and that plane you need has gone missing in action.  That’s when you’ll know I’m not Turkish Delight and don’t ever call me that again.’
‘Okay.  Okay,’ Atreus said, stepping to the side and steering Theo across the lobby towards their seats.  ‘I’ve seen you in action when you get stroppy and that’s something I don’t need a repeat performance of.’
‘Stroppy?  You’ve never seen me stroppy.’
‘Really?  So, what do you call that little fracas we had in Bangkok the last time we caught up?’
‘That wasn’t stroppy.  That was disgruntled.’
‘Well, you call it whatever you want.  All I remember is there were five of them and two of us and none of them were standing when we were done.’
‘We?  What do you mean we?  Five seconds in I seem to remember you being sat on your behind and spectating, leaving me to do the man’s work and tidy up.’
‘That wasn’t spectating, mate.  That was back up.  Turns out you didn’t need me getting in the way, so I sat it out.’
‘Yeah, thanks for that, partner.  I’ll remember that next time the bad guys turn up.  You’re the back-up champion.’
They reached their chairs and Atreus steered Theo into his before resuming his own.  As they sat down, a waiter arrived.  Atreus turned to Theo and asked, ‘You still a beer man before dinner?’
‘Some things never change,’ Theo replied.
‘Great,’ Atreus replied then looked back to the waiter.  ‘Two Heinekens, please?’
The waiter duly nodded and stepped away.  As the man left, Atreus turned back to his guest.  ‘It really is good to see you again, mate,’ he said.  ‘It’s been a dull five years since we last caught up.’
‘For me, maybe,’ Theo replied, ‘but not for you from what I’ve heard.  Something about diving for Spanish gold somewhere in the Caribbean and trekking through Morocco looking for a lost Roman garrison.  If that’s what you call dull then sign me up.’
‘A man’s got to keep busy, but what about you?  Black ops and behind enemy lines stuff?’
‘You know the drill,’ Theo said, raising his hand and pointing his forefinger and thumb to replicate a gun.  ‘I could tell you, but then...,’ and he pretended to pull the trigger.
‘Yeah, whatever, tough guy.  You’re all talk,’ Atreus replied.  ‘Now, let’s cut to the chase.  We’ve got twenty minutes before Patroclus comes down for dinner and...’
‘Why the big secret from your brother?’ Theo cut-in.
Atreus eyed off his friend.  ‘Because he doesn’t appreciate the gravity of the situation,’ Atreus said.
‘Interesting.  The way I figure it, if you think Pat won’t like the idea of your plan, then he probably gets the gravity just fine.’
‘No, he doesn’t, Theo.  Trust me on this.’
Theo lowered his brow and glared at Atreus.
‘Ditch the look, mate,’ Atreus continued.  ‘Your big army colonel glare thing won’t work on me.’
Theo’s glare held.
Atreus rolled his eyes and continued.  ‘Theo, this is Pat we’re talking about.  We need to get out into the Empty Quarter pronto and that means taking risks and we both know Pat and adventure go together like cats and pigeons.  If we left it up to him to plan this thing, it’d be Christmas before we even set foot in the desert.  There’s no way I’m letting Amherst get to this one first, so he’s out of the loop.  It’s the only way.’
Just then the waiter returned and placed two glistening, green bottles of Heineken on the side table between the two mens’ chairs.  Placing the bill next to the drinks, he then quietly sidled away.  Theo’s gaze slipped down to the beers and he reached over and picked one up.
‘Okay,’ Theo finally said.  ‘Pat’s none the wiser, but I want to go over this cockamamie plan of yours’ one more time right now before I commit to anything.  Your little flight out into the desert tomorrow is easy, but it’s everything that comes after that that makes me worry.’
‘Don’t be so squirly,’ Atreus said, reaching across and grabbing his own beer.  ‘Compared to the ops you go on, this’ll be dead set boring.’
‘Boring I can do, partner.  Funerals I draw the line at and don’t be complacent about any of this.  I’ve been in just about every desert hot and cold on this planet and out of all of them, the Empty Quarter freaks me out the most.  It’s unforgiving.’
Atreus paused.  Of all the men in the world that Atreus knew, he held more respect for Theo than any of them.  To this second, the Rub al Khali had not daunted him in the slightest, but listening to the way Theo talked about it, he was all of a sudden a little less certain of success.
‘Okay, Colonel.  Fair point,’ Atreus said, ‘and yes, I do want to go over this plan one more time before Pat comes down, which gives us fifteen minutes before he crashes us, so let’s get busy.’
‘Just one question,’ Theo said.
‘Shoot,’ Atreus replied.
‘This is all legal right?  You’re not expecting me to break any laws are you?’
Atreus smiled.  ‘Theo, this is me we’re talking about here,’ he said, hands spread wide.
Theo dipped his head and shook it.  ‘You and trouble go together like bullets and guns,’ he said.
‘Relax, mate,’ Atreus continued as he lifted his beer to his lips.  ‘We’re all above board here.  Scouts’ honour.
Theo looked up.  ‘Scouts’ honour, hey?  Well, I guess that’s as good as I’m going to get,’ he said and then raised his own beer for a swig.
For the next fifteen minutes, the two men leaned in close to each other, going over and dissecting every detail of Atreus’ plan.  Atreus did most of the talking, but when something piqued Theo’s interest, he raised a finger and sought clarity, sometimes even providing a suggestion for improvement.
With the fifteen minutes almost up, Atreus finally closed out the brief and then sat back, silently appraising Theo.  Lifting his beer he quietly emptied the bottle.  Theo held his hunched over pose, his forearms resting on his knees as he stared across the lobby into space.  Atreus imagined the pistons in Theo’s mind pumping like a race car, analysing and critiquing every minute detail of the plan.  Each risk and probability of success or failure was being pummelled and shaped into a most likely outcome, leaving nothing unconsidered.
Finally, Theo turned his face upwards to Atreus and looked him dead in the eye.  Tension tugged at Atreus’ entire body.  It was decision time.  Then Theo held out his right hand and nodded.  ‘Let’s do it,’ he said simply.
A grin slowly split Atreus’ face and he firmly shook Theo’s hand.  It was done.  There was no way any of this could go wrong now.  Theo silently leaned back and drained his beer.  The deal had been sealed and just in time.
‘Theodore Bray!  Bless my soul!’ sounded a familiar voice from behind them.
Atreus and Theo both turned and found Patroclus walking up to them, his arms spread wide.  Atreus quickly glanced at Theo and was instantly relieved.  His old friend didn’t miss a beat.  No sign of guilt crossed his face as he rose up and greeted Patroclus with a strong handshake.
‘Pat, you dapper old chap,’ Theo said with feeling.
‘Oh, come on, Theo,’ Patroclus replied.  ‘How can you say that?  Standing next to you I’m a right old gaffer.  You’re the ladies man with the war stories.  I’m just a professor remember and there’s nothing dashing about that.  Tell me, are you still flying those helicopter things?’
‘Pave Hawks.  Yes.’
‘And going on secret missions and things for Uncle Sam?’
Theo held up his thumb and forefinger again, replicating a gun, but Patroclus cut-in first.  ‘Yes, yes,’ he said.  ‘You could tell me, but then you’d have to kill me.  So, are you passing through or stationed in the region?’
‘Stationed right here in Oman,’ Theo replied.  ‘Based out of Masirah Island, but lucky for you, we’re in town.  We’re just on our way to Djibouti with some new avionics to test them out on exercise for the next few days.’
‘Sure.  Whatever you say, Colonel,’ Patroclus said.  ‘Sounds like code for going after Somali warlords to me, but let’s call it avionics testing shall we?’
Theo smiled and nodded playfully.  ‘Good man,’ he said.  ‘Always knew you could keep a secret.  Now sit down and have a quick drink with us before dinner.’
‘Oh, I would, but I have some other guests arriving out front,’ Patroclus said hurriedly as he checked his watch.  ‘Why don’t you wait here while I collect the rest of the entourage and then we can go in together?’
‘Sounds good,’ Atreus cut-in, standing up as he did.
‘Entourage?’ Theo asked.
‘Pat’s invited some crusty old university lecturer along and an old student of his,’ Atreus answered, ‘so he’s got some respectable company to speak to.  Otherwise he’d have to put up with us commoners all night.’
‘Why didn’t you tell me Theo was coming?’ Patroclus chided his brother.
‘Surprise!’
Patroclus frowned and then turned back to Theo.  ‘He’s such a cretin.  You’re much too civilised for him.  I don’t know how you two can be friends?’
‘I don’t know how you two can be twins?’ Theo replied, raising an eyebrow.
‘Hmmm.  Excellent point.  Now, grab yourself another drink and I’ll be back in a minute,’ Patroclus added before turning to walk across the lobby and out through the doors.
‘Good work, mate,’ Atreus said as they sat down again.  ‘I should’ve known you’d be good at this cloak and dagger stuff.’
‘Don’t worry about me, pal,’ Theo replied.  ‘You worry about yourself.  You’re the one who’s risking life and limb tomorrow.  I might get a swift kick up the behind for abandoning my post for a couple of days, but you’re the one who stands to lose a lot more than that.’
‘You’re not having second thoughts are you?’
‘I’ve already had those.  I’m up to my third thoughts, but we shook on it, so I’m in.’
‘Great,’ Atreus said reclining a little.  ‘Can’t wait to eat.’
Theo smirked.
‘What?’ Atreus asked.
‘You’re incredible,’ Theo replied shaking his head.  ‘Tomorrow could well be your last day alive and all you can think about is food.  It’s no wonder Cas left you.’
‘Hey, steady on,’ Atreus shot back frowning.  ‘Don’t go there.’
‘Why not?  She’s the best thing that ever happened to you.  You just couldn’t see it.’
‘Cas wanted to settle down and I wasn’t up for that.  It was no one’s fault.  It just wasn’t meant to be.  That’s all.’
‘Whatever you say, partner, but I still think you’re a fool for letting her go.  Who ditches a drop-dead gorgeous university lecturer for a life of celibacy anyway?’
‘Who says I’ve stayed celibate?’
‘You loved her.  We all know that, but you were too hooked on your extreme lifestyle.  All Cas wanted was a bit of commitment, but out of all the scary things you’ve ever done, that was too scary even for you.’
‘What is this?  Oprah?’ Atreus wailed, throwing his hands up.  ‘Let it go.  I’m over it and you should be too.’
‘Have you heard from her lately?’ Theo asked.  ‘Do you know where she is?’
‘No idea, but I think Pat keeps in touch,’ Atreus said.  ‘I haven’t seen her since I saw you last, when the wedding fell through and she walked out.’
‘She didn’t walk out.  You pushed her out.’
‘Right, Theo.  We’re mates and that goes a long way, but you keep this up and I’m going to have to ask you to step outside.’
Theo laughed.  ‘Okay, Mister Back-Up man.  Remember, I’ve seen you use your dukes and partner, it was far from impressive.’
‘I’ve improved since then.  Just ask Pat about my form yesterday.  Would’ve had you ducking and dodging.’
‘Couldn’t be any worse than Bangkok.  You walked out of that alley with a black eye and we both nearly got arrested.  That was meant to be your stag night too.  Imagine if you and Cas had got married.  You with a shiner in your wedding photos.  She never would’ve forgiven me.’
‘Forgiven you?’ Atreus exclaimed.  ‘Cas always had a soft spot for you, mate.  It’s me she would’ve crucified.’  A silence then settled and Atreus sighed.  ‘You know, it would be good to see Cas again, just to catch up,’ he said.  ‘We did have some good times.  Do you think I should ask Pat to call her, you know, considering the chances of us pulling this thing off tomorrow are pretty slim?’
Atreus looked across at Theo, but found him looking intently past him across the lobby towards the entrance.  Then, the corners of Theo’s mouth slowly turned upwards to spread slowly into a huge grin.
‘What?’ Atreus asked.  ‘What’s going on?’
‘Partner, I am so glad you invited me to dinner tonight after all,’ Theo replied.
Atreus suddenly felt his stomach tighten.  He wanted to turn around, but something told him not to.  ‘What is it?  What can you see?’ he asked, a little desperately.
Theo stood up and stepped around Atreus’ chair.  ‘Get up, Trey,’ he said still smiling.  ‘All your wishes have come true.’
Atreus felt the knot in his innards tighten even harder.  He didn’t know what was going on, but for some reason, he knew that what was about to happen would not be pleasant.  Slowly, he rose to his feet and turned.  Looking across the lobby he saw Patroclus and his Omani student friend, Suleiman al Harthy approaching them, but he also noticed a third person and then his stomach completely flipped and he felt a sudden urge to turn and run from the lobby.
Walking next to Patroclus like a vision lifted from a fairy tale was a woman he had not seen for five years and had not expected to see again for a very long time, if ever again.  Cassandra Reinhart, his ex-fiancé.  The only woman he had ever loved and still loved today.

25.

Dinner had been delightful; a first-class buffet set on an outside terrace overlooking the moonlit gardens with the gentle sound of surf swashing in the background.  Patroclus, Theo, Cassandra and Suleiman had spent most of the evening casually talking about a wide spectrum of topics and about themselves, enjoying each others’ company immensely.  Atreus on the other hand, had spent most of the time lost in a state of complete confusion, wrestling with his imminent foray into the fires of the Rub al Khali as well as coming to grips with the sudden reappearance of his ex-fiancé, Cassandra.
Finally, after finishing off desert and coffees, Suleiman bid farewell and promised Patroclus to keep in touch.  The others also rose to wish him well as he left.  Silence settled over the table.  Atreus fiddled with his napkin.  Theo looked at his watch.
‘Well, that’s time for this man’s army,’ he said.  ‘I’ve got to get my birds back on the road tomorrow and I need some shut-eye.’
‘Ah, Theo, old chum,’ Patroclus said, rising.  ‘It’s been smashing seeing you again.  Hopefully next time we’ll have more than just a few hours to catch up.  I still want to hear more about Djibouti.’
‘Like I said, Pat.  Sand, heat and more of the same.  Oh and flies,’ Theo replied as he too stood up.  ‘That’s Djibouti in a nutshell.’
Patroclus smiled and the two men shook hands.
‘Take care, old friend.  Keep fighting the good fight,’ Patroclus said.
‘You bet.  Till next time,’ Theo replied.  Then he turned to Cassandra who had also stood up.  ‘Cas, it’s been a pleasure.  I can’t believe it’s been over five years.  Let’s not keep it that long till next time.’
Cassandra smiled.  Atreus winced as a pain stabbed through his heart.  Theo stepped forward and lightly kissed her on the cheek.
‘It’s been lovely to see you too, Theo,’ she said, the lilt of her voice turning the knife in Atreus’ chest.  ‘You’ve got my number now, so next time you’re in town, give me a call.’
Theo smiled in return.  ‘It’s a date,’ he answered and then turned at last to Atreus.
‘Let me walk you out,’ Atreus said before Theo could speak.
‘Okay,’ Theo replied and the two men started for the exit.  A few steps in, Theo reached into his pocket and retrieved his wallet.
‘What do I owe you for dinner, partner?’ he asked.
‘Forget it,’ Atreus answered, waiving his offer away.  ‘It’s on the Knight Family Estate.’
‘You know you’ve got to have a job to be able to write things off as business expenses?’
‘Now why would I go and do something silly like get a job when I’m already fabulously wealthy?’ Atreus answered as they walked out of the restaurant and into the cavernous lobby.
‘She threw you didn’t she?’ Theo asked plainly.
‘What’s that?’
‘Cas turning up like that?  She threw you didn’t she?  Hell, she threw me!’
‘Yeah,’ Atreus growled.  ‘Bloody Pat, selling me that garbage about inviting an old professor buddy of his.’
‘Well, he did didn’t he?’ Theo replied laughing.  ‘Cas is a professor, right here in Muscat.  You’re just pissed that he blindsided you.’
‘Too right.  Never thought Pat had it in him to be that devious.  I thought I got all the clever genes.’
‘So, what are you going to do now?  Still mad keen on pulling off this stunt tomorrow now that she’s back in your life?’
‘Cas is not back in my life and yes, I’m still up for pulling off this stunt tomorrow.  Cas turning up out of the blue doesn’t change anything.  Sure it’s good to see her again, but that’s it.  I’m not pining for her and I’m absolutely not getting back into that mess again.  It didn’t work the first time and from what I can see, Cas hasn’t changed a bit, so I’m not trying it again.’
Theo nodded.  ‘Hmm, nice speech.  You rehearse that one over dinner while you cowered under the table?’
‘Ah, shut up!’
‘It’s true.  She scared the bejeebers out of you and I suspect that’s because you’ve still got it bad for her, so why don’t you get back on the horse and give it another try?’
‘Why don’t you get in your car and get out of here?’
‘Alright, pal,’ Theo said as they stopped in front of the exit doors and turned to face each other.  ‘I know I’m right and I think you do too, but that’s enough for now.  I’ll see you day after tomorrow and I’ll rib you some more then, okay?’
‘I can hardly wait,’ Atreus drawled.
‘You just make sure you’re where you’re supposed to be.  I don’t want any hassles.’
‘I’ll be there, guaranteed.  You just make sure you aren’t late.’
‘I’m the cavalry, Trey, and the cavalry always arrives on time.  See you there.’
‘Will do,’ Atreus replied and then held out his hand, ‘and thanks, Theo.  If this comes off, I really will owe you one.’
‘You already owe me plenty,’ Theo answered, accepting Atreus’ hand and firmly shaking it.  He then turned and walked through the doors.  Atreus also turned away, but was called back by Theo’s voice.
‘I know you still got the hots for her!’ Theo called over his shoulder.
‘Get out of here!’ Atreus called back and the doors slid closed.
He then stood and watched as Theo walked through the portico and down the steps and out of sight.  Theo was right.  He still loved Cas and he would love to try it all over again, but the simple fact was, he didn’t think he deserved her and considering his highly probable demise tomorrow, it wouldn’t be fair to push the issue right now.  Sighing, Atreus turned and headed back towards the restaurant. 

*          *          *

Walking back out onto the restaurant balcony and looking across to his table, Atreus cursed.  All the seats were vacant, except one, Cassandra’s.  Looking quickly around for his brother, Atreus failed to find Patroclus and cursed again.  Realising he had no other option, he took a deep breath and stepped forward to sit down.
Cassandra heard him and turned away from admiring the gardens to look at him.  Atreus wilted inside and hurriedly looked about again.
‘Relax,’ Cassandra said.  ‘Pat will be back in a moment.  I think you’ll survive a few minutes alone with me.’
Atreus glanced back and then tried to settle down, but succeeded only in making himself more uncomfortable and trying not to show it.  ‘So, a professorship in Muscat?’ he asked.  ‘I always knew you wanted a job like that, but I didn’t realise you wanted to do it in a place like here.’
Cassandra smiled and gently laughed.  ‘If you’d paid attention during dinner instead of hiding under the table, you’d already have the answer to that question.’
‘I wasn’t hiding under the table.  What’s with that?  Theo said the same thing.’
‘Well, Theo always was smarter than you, Trey, even with that eidetic recall of yours’.’
‘So, why didn’t you ask him to marry you?’ Atreus said and immediately wished he hadn’t.  ‘Sorry.  That was poor form.’
‘Because I wanted to marry you, even with your flaws.’
Atreus nodded and silence fell.  He resumed the search for his brother.
‘Do you want me to answer the question?’ Cassandra pushed.  Atreus looked vaguely back.  ‘Why I took up professorship here in Muscat?’
‘Oh, yeah.’
‘It’s your fault actually,’ Cassandra replied.
‘Now there’s a surprise,’ Atreus mumbled.
‘After going to all those places around the world with you, I got a taste for it and the one place we’d never really spent a lot of time in was the Middle East.  So, I did some research, found out that the Sultan Qaboos University was looking for a department head to chair their new centre for East Asian Studies and thanks largely to Pat’s contacts here, I got the job.  That was eighteen months ago and I still love it.’
‘That’s great, Cas,’ he said as honestly as he could.  ‘I’m happy for you.’
‘The other reason I came all the way over here is because it’s about as far away from you as I can get.’
‘Ah, well, that makes more sense.  That I can understand,’ Atreus replied, the sarcastic shift in the conversation moving it more into his comfort zone.  ‘But hang on.  You used to complain about all the travelling we did and now here you are saying you liked it.’
‘I never complained about the travel, Trey.  I loved the travel.  I complained about the ludicrous things you’d do when we got to where ever it was.’
‘Like what?’ Atreus cried.
‘Like promising me a week in a rainforest retreat in Venezuela and then slipping off to go base jumping off Angel Falls without telling me.’
‘Storm in a tea cup.  That was as safe as...,’ Atreus started.
‘And what about when we went to San Francisco?’ Cassandra cut-in.  ‘There I was thinking we were simply visiting an antiquities dealer when all along it was just a front to go rock climbing in Yosemite National Park.’ 
‘Okay, fair enough.  That was a bit...’
‘And then there was our trip to New Zealand to investigate those supposed Chinese anchors off the west coast,’ Cassandra continued.  ‘After a quick glance at a few dubious looking rocks, you ditched me in the hotel for the next week and went helicopter skiing.’
‘Now hang on.  Those rocks weren’t dodgy.  They could have been the real...’
‘The point is Trey.  It became plainly obvious to me that what made you happiest in life was all the crazy things you did.  It wasn’t me and I wasn’t prepared to play second fiddle to anything, especially to something that could kill you, so I had to leave.’
‘Come on, that’s a bit harsh,’ Atreus pleaded.
‘Yes, I thought it was too,’ Cassandra replied quietly, her gaze casting downwards.
Silence smothered the table like a volcanic cloud.  Atreus looked around for something to play with, but failed, so he twiddled his thumbs instead.  He knew Cassandra was right, about everything.  He had treated her badly.  His selfish need to do anything that got his pulse racing ruled his life and in succumbing to that need, he had neglected the only woman who had ever really mattered to him.  Now, tomorrow he was planning to go and do something foolish again, except this time, he stood an excellent chance of not coming back.  If ever there was a time to clean the slate it was now.  He had to make amends and apologise.
Atreus looked up and opened his mouth to speak, but just as he did, Patroclus returned and interrupted.
‘Well, I hope you’ve both managed to find something to talk about?’ he asked carefully.  ‘Nice to see you’ve come out from hiding, Trey.’
Atreus rolled his eyes.  ‘Not you too,’ he said as he looked away.
Patroclus ignored the comment and turned to Cassandra.  ‘May I escort you to your car?’
‘No thank you, Pat.  I’ll get the valet to bring it up,’ she replied, standing.
Atreus looked up and clumsily got to his feet as well.
‘Very well.  It’s been a lovely evening,’ Patroclus said, leaning in to kiss her on the cheek.  ‘We’ll see you at the airport in the morning.’
‘Yes, you will,’ Cassandra replied before turning to Atreus, who also stood up, ‘and I’ll see you in the morning too, Trey.’
‘You’re coming to see us off then?’ he asked uncertainly.
‘No.  I’m coming to Salalah with you,’ she said with a tiny smile.  ‘Good night.’
Atreus froze, his mouth gaping.  Cassandra walked off with a little wave and then vanished through the exit.  Patroclus chuckled and sat down.
‘Fancy a night cap?’ he asked.
Atreus didn’t move.
‘Oh, sit down,’ Patroclus demanded.  ‘You’re being silly.’
Atreus registered his brother’s command and awkwardly sat himself down again.  Meanwhile, Patroclus claimed the attention of a waiter and ordered two glasses of scotch.  He then looked across the table and found Atreus boring his gaze back into him.
‘What is she doing coming to Salalah with us?’ Atreus said evenly.
‘While you were walking Theo out, I invited her along,’ Patroclus replied, smiling.
‘You invited her!’ Atreus exclaimed, his eyes bulging.
‘Yes.  I told her why we’re here and seeing as she’s lived here for over a year and has been to Salalah more recently than either of us, I thought she might be useful.’
‘You told Cas why we’re here?  Are you mad?’ Atreus persisted, his eyes bulging even more.
‘I didn’t tell her everything of course.  I left out the parts about the invisible aliens and the time travel.  All she knows is that we’re going into the Rub al Khali to search for a lost city we’d heard about.  That’s all.  She was interested and asked if she could come, so I said yes.’
‘You...I ought to rip...’ Atreus stammered, his temper straining to get the better of him.
‘Oh, relax.  Get over it.  You’re both adults, or at least Cas is, and I’m sure you’ll both survive a few days in each others’ company.  You were engaged after all, so it’s not like you don’t know each other.’
‘Were engaged, being the operative words, Pat,’ Atreus said as he looked away, putting a lid on his simmering emotions.  ‘I can’t believe you did that.  How do we explain to her what the second key is when we find it and what if Amherst turns up with guns blazing?  Who’s going to protect her?’
‘You assured me Amherst hasn’t even found the map on the back of the tablet, yet.’
‘He hadn’t this morning, but he may have by now.’
‘Well, if he has, then we’d best find this second key quick smart and get out of his way,’ Patroclus replied.
‘Great,’ Atreus moaned.
‘So, what is our plan for tomorrow?’ Patroclus asked casually, revelling in his brother’s angst.
Atreus took a deep breath and exhaled, his nerves slightly steadier.
‘First we go shopping,’ he said.
‘We do?’ Patroclus queried, raising both eyebrows.
‘The emergency clothes we have on the Lear won’t get us far.  If we’re going traipsing through the desert, we’re going to need some more kit, so shopping it is.’
‘Amazing,’ Patroclus commented dryly.  ‘We’re about to embark on the final stage of saving humankind, but first we have to make an emergency dash to Woolworths.’
‘Yeah, we do because I need some new underwear or otherwise I’ll have more than just gun-toting bad guys to worry about.  Capisca?’
‘Yes, of course, and then after our little shopping escapade?’
‘We get back on the Lear and head south to Salalah.  I’ve already told Peter we need wheels up no later than ten-thirty.’
‘And then when we get to Salalah?’
‘I’ve chartered a pilot and his Cessna to fly me out to the Empty Quarter as soon as we arrive, which will be close to midday.  I figure we don’t have time to waste, so the sooner I get out to the site the better our chances of keeping ahead of Amherst.’
Patroclus squinted back at Atreus.  ‘When you say me, you mean us don’t you?  We’re both flying out to the Empty Quarter aren’t we?’ he asked.
‘No, I meant me.’ Atreus replied, preparing to spin the bulk of his lie.  ‘You’re not coming with me.’
The waiter returned and placed the two tumblers of scotch on the table.  Patroclus and Atreus stared across at each other in the interim and then once the waiter had left, Patroclus started up again.
‘What do you mean?’ he asked.  ‘Why am I excluded from this little soiree?’
‘Because,’ Atreus started slowly, ‘the site of the potential lost city is right out on the edge of the Rub al Khali, about two hundred and fifty kilometres as the crow flies from Salalah, making it a five hundred kilometre round trip.  That means the only way to get there quickly is to fly and the plane I’ve chartered is a Cessna Skyhawk.’
‘So what?’ Patroclus asked.  ‘This Skyhawk can seat both of us can’t it?’
‘Well, yes it can, but the Skyhawk’s range is about a thousand kilometres, which when you take into account the minimum five hundred kilometre round trip and the likelihood we may need to do some extra scouting around when we get to the location, that thousand kilometres starts to look pretty slim and no pilot in his right mind wants to risk running out of fuel at any time let alone over the Empty Quarter.’
‘And how does both of us being in the plane cause us to run prematurely out of fuel?’ Patroclus asked, his face hardening.
‘Power to weight ratio,’ Atreus answered without blinking, the embellishment of his lie now slipping smoothly from his tongue.  ‘The easiest way to conserve fuel is to reduce drag and the easiest way to reduce drag is to reduce weight.  So I suggest only one of us goes out with the pilot to scout the location and then if we find the ruins, we come back and plan a more advanced expedition starting out the next day, probably with one or two helicopters.’
‘Hmm,’ Patroclus mused, swirling his scotch.  ‘That sounds logical enough, but why does the one person have to be you?’
‘Because I’ve seen the map and I know what a salt mound looks like.  You can go if you want, but I think it makes more sense if I go.’
Atreus took a sip of his scotch and left Patroclus to continue musing over the prospect.  The lie had clearly taken root and was beginning to grow.
‘Very well,’ Patroclus finally said.  ‘You can go on your own, even though it sounds a bit convenient to me, almost as though you’re actually planning to do something juvenile.’
‘Come on?’ Atreus pleaded.  ‘I’ll be in an aeroplane.  What sort of trouble can I get into up there?’
‘You can get yourself into trouble anywhere you go,’ Patroclus shot back.  ‘You’re naturally talented that way.  Just promise me you won’t do anything I might disapprove of?’
Guilt bored into Atreus’ conscience.  He’d set the platform for his dishonesty and now he had to continue the deceit.  ‘Of course,’ he replied.  ‘I promise I won’t do anything juvenile.’
Patroclus held his stare for a few extra moments and then relented.  ‘Okay,’ he finally said.  ‘We should probably get to bed seeing as we haven’t had a decent night’s sleep in the last three days.’
‘Good call,’ Atreus replied.  ‘I’ll fix the bill.  See you tomorrow.’
Patroclus drained his drink and then stood up.  ‘Good night, Trey,’ he said warily as he walked away.
Atreus watched his brother leave.  He’d lied to Patroclus countless times in the past, but this time was different.  It had never been as dangerous as this, but then again the stakes had never been this high.  Atreus had to beat Amherst to the second key and the only way to do that was to go through with his crazy plan, after all it wasn’t just his life in the balance, it was all of humankind’s and that was enough to make a man do anything.

26.

The midnight sky and shadowed land melded seamlessly together, the only distinction between heaven and earth being the spangled spread of stars overhead and a faint twinkling of lights on the far western horizon.  Otherwise all was dark and still over western Saudi Arabia.
Lord Amherst turned away from the window of the Cessna Citation X and the far distant lights of Mecca, the holiest place on the planet for over one billion Muslims.  In a little over ninety minutes he would be landing in Sana’a, the capital of Yemen.  From there he would launch a foray into the Empty Quarter and hopefully beat the Knights to the location of the second key.  If he didn’t beat them, he would have to then find them and gain possession of the second key in whatever way seemed most efficient.
Turning his gaze to the adjacent set of leather seats inside the cabin, Lord Amherst considered Enzo and his hulking companion, Tito; the two sole survivors of the mysterious gun battle in which Atreus had affected his escape.  The identity of the assailants remained unknown, but the incident established one important fact; he and the Knights may not be the only ones competing for the keys to time-travel.
Who else knew and how had they found out?  Could the alien be trusted?  He doubted it.  Had the Knights recruited help to free Atreus?  Unlikely given the tight time frame and their obvious naivety in paramilitary affairs.  So who, and should he really be worried about them?  Yes.  The magnitude of the reward instantly quashed any hesitation in answering that question.
Looking out the window once more, Lord Amherst dispassionately watched the twinkling lights of Mecca dwindle slowly into the void of night.  He had no time for distractions. The search was far from over and he would only rest when he had secured his reward, regardless of the cost or carnage required.

27.

After a hurried breakfast, insufficient coffee and much chagrin from Patroclus about the early hour, the Knight brothers arrived at the City Plaza shopping centre in the Al Khuwair business district of Muscat, ready to stock up on some badly needed apparel.
‘I don’t suppose you spoke to Cas this morning did you?’ Atreus asked Patroclus as they walked through the entrance.
‘As a matter of fact I did,’ his brother replied.  ‘Why?’
‘She didn’t perchance decide to stay home and leave us alone?’
‘It’s not your lucky day, Trey.’
‘Bugger.  Oh, well,’ Atreus said, clapping his hands.  ‘Let’s get busy.  We’ve got an hour till we need to be at the airport and I need socks and jocks.  Should be plenty of time.  See you back here in ten.’
Atreus made a bee line for the men’s underwear section, while Patroclus bumbled off to blunder through some shirt racks.  Nearby in the men’s shoes section, a tall, balding man casually searched amongst the shelves for nothing much in particular.  Then, turning nonchalantly to the side, he randomly picked up a pair of Julius Marlowes and passingly examined them, all the while conveniently keeping Patroclus within his field of view.
Then Atreus wandered past clutching three packs of briefs and whistling a tune.  The stranger’s eyes latched onto him like an eagle onto a rabbit.  His face sharpened, his mind recalling a very recent memory.
It was night on the outskirts of Jerusalem.  The worst storm he had ever seen raged all around.  Pelting rain blinded him.  Gunfire and thunder split the air and in front of him, hiding behind a black van was Atreus, shielding himself from the bullets being fired from the stranger’s own gun.  Atreus had been lucky once.  He would not be lucky again.

28.

Lord Amherst sat watching a black and white television set displaying a satellite image of the triple-junction between the neighbouring countries of Oman, Yemen and Saudi Arabia, the annoyingly pleasant blitherings of the BBC World weather presenter further exacerbating his rising temper.  The heavily static-clouded picture showed a massive sandstorm stampeding in a southerly direction across the central eastern reaches of the Saudi Arabian Rub al Khali, heading directly for the location of the second key.
Enzo had just informed him that the pilot of their helicopter refused to go anywhere near that section of the desert until the weather cleared, a fact the inane prattlings of the weather presenter revealed would not be until at least tomorrow morning.
Rising from his seat, Lord Amherst terminated the broadcast and only just managed to restrain himself from hurling the remote control at the near-useless television.  He instead perused the dingy confines of what could only just be described as his hotel room to finally rest his gaze on the pathetic meagreness of his breakfast; a cold, hard-boiled egg and a couple of stale slabs of Arabic bread.  His blood seethed; his eyes gimlets of fire.
They had deliberately hurried out of Sana’a in the early hours of the morning to meet the helicopter here at Ghubbat Al Khammar on the far eastern coast of Yemen.  The locals referred to it as a village.  Lord Amherst considered it nothing more than a hovel.  Be that as it may, necessity dictated it now be his home for the night.
Enzo waited by the door to the room, staring at his shuffling feet, while Lord Amherst fixed his stony gaze on the mildew encrusted ceiling.  Sensing his employer’s rising wrath, Enzo slowly reached for the door knob, inching closer to escape.  Gradually he swung his shoulders around and lifted a foot to go, but too late.  He winced as the voice lanced him to the spot.
‘If I don’t leave this filthy little country by tomorrow night with the second key in hand,’ Lord Amherst warned, ice dripping from his lips as he stabbed his gaze into his henchman, ‘then I swear by Almighty God, that you will never leave this country at all.’  The henchmen lowered his gaze and hunched his shoulders like a cowed dog.  Lord Amherst continued, ‘That my short, curly-haired friend is a promise.’

29.

Atreus prodded his brother in the ribs.  ‘Come on, Pat, wake up!’ he goaded.  ‘You’re missing it!’  Patroclus didn’t move.  Atreus sighed and poked even harder, digging the point of his finger in.  ‘Get up, you slug!’
Patroclus flinched and his eyes snapped open.  ‘What the…?’
‘Wake up and have a look at this,’ Atreus pushed.
Patroclus rubbed his face with both hands, speaking through them as he did, his words drawn and muffled.  ‘Where are we?’
‘We’ll be landing in fifteen minutes,’ Atreus replied.
‘Fifteen minutes?’ Patroclus cried as he straightened in his seat.  ‘Why’d you wake me up so early?’
Atreus turned and crossed the aisle to sit down again on the port side of the plane.  ‘Because we’re coming up on the Jabal Samhan Nature Reserve,’ he said, refastening his seatbelt and looking out the window, ‘and I thought you might like to see it.’
‘Why would I want to see another patch of desert from thirty thousand feet?  It all looks the same doesn’t it?’
‘Because this patch of desert is home to some of the Middle East’s rarest mammals including the Nubian Ibex, the Striped Hyena and my favourite,  Panthera pardus nimr or the Arabian Leopard, which is one of the most endangered animals on the planet.’
‘Sounds smashing,’ Patroclus drawled out through a yawn, ‘but I could have used an extra fifteen minutes of sleep.’
‘I thought a university professor like yourself might be interested.’
‘I’m a professor of archaeology, not zoology.’
‘Whatever.  Just stop your whinging and get over here.  You might even like it,’ Atreus chided, waving his brother to his feet.
Patroclus sighed and undid his seatbelt.  Rising to his feet, he walked across to sit opposite Atreus.
‘Where’s Cassandra?’ he asked looking around.
‘In the bedroom catching up on some emails or something.  Either that or she’s avoiding me.’
‘Why aren’t you hassling her to get up here and look at this nature reserve thingy?’
‘Stop your whinging.  It’s blokes like you that give us Poms a bad name.  Now look out the window before you miss it.’
Patroclus snapped his seatbelt closed and leaned forward to look out the window.  He baulked.  His eyes expanded as he strained against his seatbelt.
‘See?’ Atreus said, noticing his brother’s sudden interest.  ‘I told you it was worth a look.’
The Qara Mountains lay beneath them, the vast sun-baked plateau a barren wasteland.  A labyrinth of deeply etched canyons scored the range, cracking it open like a dried lake bed, the warren of jagged watercourses heading inland to empty into the remorseless wilds of the Rub al Khali.  An occasional flash from within the fissures hinted at the presence of water, a commodity as rare as the protected creatures sheltering within the bleak wilderness.
  ‘That’s the Middle East’s equivalent of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle’s “Lost World”.’ Atreus said.  ‘One day I’d like to get in there and have a look myself, but right now the Sultan has it locked up tight.’
‘You’re mad if you want to go in there,’ Patroclus replied, still gazing out the window, a mixture of wonder and horror plastered across his face.
‘Mad maybe, but there could be species in there that’ll be extinct long before the next generation grows up.’
‘If you go in there you could become extinct.’
‘You actually sound like you care?’ Atreus mocked.
The door to the cockpit opened and the pilot stuck his head out.  ‘I’m starting our approach now, gentlemen,’ he announced.  ‘Would someone mind notifying Miss Reinhart?’
The two men looked at each other.  Patroclus sighed and waved his brother off.
‘Don’t be such a coward,’ he said wearily.  ‘You go and do it.’
‘Fine,’ Atreus moaned and got to his feet, ‘but keep your eyes out the window.  You’re just about to see something else amazing.’
Atreus first knocked on the closed door of the bedroom at the rear of the plane and then disappeared behind it.  Patroclus kept his gaze glued through the porthole.  Then it happened.  The Qara mountains suddenly fell away to the south, plunging over three thousand feet to the coastal plain.  The desolation instantly disappeared and arid brown transformed magically into bountiful green.
A threadbare cover of grass lined the upper slopes of the ranges that quickly thickened downwards to the foothills where scrubby forests had taken root.  The foliage then tumbled out onto the flats, spreading and swelling to fill the narrow band of land between the mountains and the ocean.  Sprawling plantations of mango, pawpaw and banana engorged the coastal plain.  Grassy fields filled the gaps, while masses of languid coconut palms fringed the pristine, silky beaches.  It was a tropical paradise worthy of any South Pacific island, yet here it lay on the southern tip of the Arabian Peninsula, a land many believed to be solely desert, including Patroclus.  He goggled at the spectacle.
‘Annual monsoons,’ Atreus said as he returned with Cassandra.  They both sat down opposite Patroclus, Atreus allowing Cassandra to take the window seat.  ‘The rains come every year from June through to September as the western tail of the Indian weather systems.  In fact, it’s probably only just stopped raining here, which is why it’s so green.  In India the rains generally wreak havoc, but here they’re a God-send and are the sole reason why the Queen of Sheba became so powerful.’
‘How’s that?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Frankincense trees need water too.’
‘Ahh,’ Patroclus crooned.
‘And there it is,’ Atreus said, peeking past Cassandra.  ‘One of Oman’s best kept secrets and home to the Sultan himself.’
Patroclus peered eagerly out to capture every skerrick of detail.
‘Salalah,’ Atreus murmured, ‘my favourite place in all of Arabia.’
The plane dipped downwards and Atreus’ mind returned to his plan.  He had come to save the human race, but the truth of it was, his own demise probably lay a lot closer.

*          *          *

Atreus stepped clear of the aircraft first, the blue lenses of his Ray-Ban sunglasses reflecting the glare of the autumn sun.  Shielding his eyes, he pivoted and searched the apron of the tarmac.  Two hundred metres further down towards the public, passenger terminal he found it; a Cessna Skyhawk, his ride into the desert.
Turning back to the steps, Atreus watched Patroclus assist Cassandra down.  Then together, the three of them walked across the tarmac to enter the small, separate terminal reserved for private passengers.
‘What now?’ Patroclus asked, surveying the clinically clean yet sparsely furnished room.  ‘How do we get in contact with your pilot?’
‘He said he’d be here, waiting for us,’ Atreus replied checking his watch.  ‘It’s eleven forty-five, so it’s not like we’re early.  Maybe he’s in the men’s?’
Just then, a door in the corner of the room pulled open and a young man emerged from the entrance to the men’s rest room.  He wore a pair of faded, baggy jeans, a crushed, black t-shirt and dirty sneakers.  Looking up, he started, freezing on the spot.
‘Mr Knight?’ he asked, flicking his gaze between the twins.
‘And as if by magic, he appears,’ Atreus muttered, before replying.  ‘Mr Knight would be me,’ he addressed the newcomer, ‘and you would be Mr Jensen I assume?’
‘Ahh, yeah, but call me Eric,’ the young man replied with a Londoner accent.
‘Nice t-shirt,’ Atreus commented, dipping his head.
Eric looked down and pulled his shirt out to inspect it, the boldly, emblazoned Jack Daniels motif distorting.  ‘What’s wrong with it?’
‘Ask the nearest Muslim or try political correctness in the dictionary.’
Eric let his t-shirt bounce back as he rolled his eyes.  ‘Are you my father or my client?’
‘Just breaking the ice, junior,’ Atreus replied with a smile, extending his hand.  ‘Wear what you want.  Just tell me you can fly a plane?’
‘I can fly a plane,’ Eric said, his surly eyes glaring out from beneath his brow as he shook hands.
‘Guess I’ll just have to trust you on that one,’ Atreus replied, before turning to Patroclus.  ‘Eric, this is my brother Patroclus and this is our acquaintance Cassandra.’
Eric smiled feebly at Cassandra and then looked at Patroclus before returning his gaze back to Atreus and then back to Patroclus again.
‘Wow!’ he mumbled.  ‘You are identical aren’t you?’
Atreus looked sideways at his brother.  ‘What do you say, Pat?  Regular boy genius?’ he quipped.
Patroclus nodded.  Eric’s façade cooled.
‘Eric, don’t mind Atreus,’ Cassandra chimed in.  ‘He might be older than you, but I suspect you’re probably light-years ahead in terms of maturity.’
A smile spread across the young man’s face as he absorbed the compliment, a remark made all the sweeter coming from a drop-dead gorgeous woman.
‘Okay, now that I’ve been embarrassed,’ Atreus resumed, ‘let’s get down to business.  Eric, have you...?’
‘Wait a moment,’ Patroclus cut-in.  ‘I don’t mean to be rude, Eric, but how old are you?’
‘I’m twenty-five in April,’ he cautiously replied.
Patroclus frowned.
‘What?’  Eric quizzed, recoiling slightly.  ‘What’s wrong with being twenty-five in April?’
‘He thinks you’re too young be a commercial pilot,’ Atreus answered for his brother.  ‘What Patroclus forgets is that I knew how to fly before I was twenty.  It just wasn’t legal.’
‘Well, Mister Patroclus,’ Eric said, ‘I am legally allowed to fly charter flights, so don’t go giving me that whole you’re too young to be flying malarkey.’
Atreus smiled.  ‘I like it,’ he said.  ‘The kid’s got attitude.’
‘He’s also got your life in his hands,’ Patroclus added.
Atreus considered his brother’s words.  If Patroclus only knew that Eric’s apparent inexperience at flying was the least dangerous part of the plan, he would flip for sure.
‘He’ll be fine,’ Atreus said, covering up his guilt, ‘besides, he reminds me of me when I was his age.  Carefree, witty, a little bit rebellious, but I was undoubtedly better looking.’
‘Are we taking a trip down memory lane with a barf bag or are we going flying?’ Eric reposted.
Atreus’ smile broadened.  ‘Pat, why don’t you line up a cab to take you and Cas off to the hotel?’ he asked.
Patroclus cast a final glance at Eric, his brow deeply furrowed, before leaving the room in search of a taxi.  Cassandra then stepped forward and held her hand out.
‘Nice to meet you, Eric,’ she said pleasantly.  ‘Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?’
Atreus’ smile instantly faded.  
‘Uh, sure,’ Eric bumbled back.
‘How long have you been flying here in the Middle East?’
‘Almost two years,’ Eric replied slowly.  He could see Atreus wincing on the periphery of his vision.
‘And much of that has been over the desert has it?’ Cassandra persisted.
‘It’s just about all desert in this part of the world so, yeah, I guess.’
‘And this particular part of the desert Atreus has asked you to take him to, you’ve been out there before?’
‘The Rub al Khali?’
Cassandra nodded, affecting a little smile.
‘All the time,’ Eric continued.  ‘In fact that’s where most people want to go.  I usually fly people out to Shisr to see the ruins of Ubar because they’re too lazy to make the two hour drive themselves.’
‘I see.  So you’ve made this flight many times then?’
‘So many I’ve lost count.’
‘Good, but tell me, when you take people out there, do you typically take groups or is it a rule you only take individuals to save on weight and hence fuel consumption for your flight; for safety reasons of course?’
Atreus tensed.  Cassandra’s probing had found passage to the heart of the matter.
‘It’s almost always a group,’ Eric replied a little hesitantly.
Atreus grimaced.
Cassandra arched an eyebrow.  ‘So it would be okay then, if Patroclus and I accompanied yourself and Atreus this afternoon?’ she asked.
Atreus’ face contorted out of sight of Cassandra.  His subterfuge lay in the hands of a youthful stranger and the kid was so far out of his depth he’d lost sight of the shoreline and his promised fee.
‘Well, as I understand it, Mrs…um...’
‘Just call me Cassandra.’
‘Well, Mrs Cass-, I mean Cassandra,’ Eric stammered, almost losing his composure.  ‘As I was about to say, Atreus is not paying me for a simple joy flight to Shisr and back.  If that were the case it’d be no problem taking all of you along, but from what I understand, we’re actually going out past Shisr to do some aerial scouting and that might take a few extra hours.’  Cassandra’s eyes narrowed.  The young pilot continued, ‘and considering the uncertainty on the exact amount of extra flight time and the not so hospitable part of the world we’re going to, I suggested we keep the numbers down to just one passenger other than myself.’  Cassandra slowly nodded.  Eric finished his deception.  ‘I’d love to take you all out,’ he added, ‘but it just wouldn’t be safe.’
Atreus’ tension eased away.  A slight smile caressed his lips and he dragged a finger across his throat.  Eric noted the gesture.
‘Well, if that’s all then,’ he said, ‘we really should be going.  Time flies and we need to as well.’
Patroclus suddenly returned, sticking his head through the door.  ‘Taxi’s waiting out front Cas,’ he announced.
Cassandra turned to Atreus and fixed a deeply suspicious stare on him.  ‘Don’t let your brother down,’ she quietly warned.  ‘He loves you and he doesn’t deserve any more grief from you.’
Atreus almost melted beneath the scrutiny, the guilt burning inside him.  ‘What about you?’ he asked.
‘I’ve been hurt too many times already,’ Cassandra replied, lowering her gaze.  Atreus’ heart sank.  Then her gaze flicked back up and she said, ‘But I’d like you to come back too.’
Atreus’ heart suddenly skipped.  His eyes widened just slightly, but then he checked his emotions.  This was not the time or the circumstances.
‘Be careful, Trey,’ Cassandra added before leaning forward and gently kissing Atreus on the cheek.
She then turned and walked out the door Patroclus held open.  Atreus watched her go, his mind swirling with a mixture of anger and regret.  Why did he have to be the one to save the world?
‘Okay then,’ Patroclus said, somewhat more cheerily than the situation dictated.  ‘See you when you get back.  Try and be as quick as you can because if we do need to get things organised for tomorrow, starting sooner rather than later would be better.  Cheerio!’
‘Yeah, see you, Pat,’ Atreus said weakly and with that, his brother left.
Eric stood silently by as he watched the Knight brothers say what could well have been their last farewell.  Even he felt guilty for having to lie to everyone.
‘I should be charging you extra for making me do this,’ he said.
‘No one’s making you do this, junior, and you’re getting paid more than enough as it is,’ Atreus said without turning around.
‘How can you lie to your own brother and what’s with Cassandra?’
‘She’s tough isn’t she?’
‘Not that!  You were engaged to her?  What idiot breaks up with a babe like that?’
Atreus finally turned around and locked as stern a gaze as he could manage onto the young aviator.  ‘You keep your hands off my personal life, okay?  I get enough of that crap from everyone else,’ he said evenly.
Eric opened his mouth to retort, but the dark look on Atreus’ face warned him off.  Instead, he pressed his lips closed.
‘Come on,’ Atreus instructed.  ‘Let’s get out of here.’
Eric followed Atreus through the door and out onto the tarmac apron.  They both put their sunglasses on and started walking towards the small plane.
‘Did you bring everything I asked for?’ Atreus asked.
‘Yeah, it’s all in the plane.’
‘Good.’
‘You really are a loon for doing this you know?’ Eric offered.
‘The money’s in your account, so it doesn’t matter what you think.  Just fly the plane,’ Atreus said, a little more harshly than he wanted to.

30.

The Cessna Skyhawk powered off the runway, its crucifix shadow racing across the green expanse of lush coastal plain below.  Once at a suitable altitude, the small aircraft banked to the north and rose over the Qara Mountains to eventually level off high above the vast, dry lands of the interior.
From his vantage point on the edge of the Earth’s atmosphere, Jack fixed his gaze on the tiny plane, his anticipation of success rapidly growing.  Soon Atreus would confirm the location of the second key and then with Lord Amherst’s timely intervention, he would claim it to finally assume his rightful position atop the evolutionary tree.  Success was but mere hours away, his destiny all but assured.  Everything was going to plan, except for one thing.
Looking up towards the direction of the plane’s intended path, Jack noted the large brown smudge on the horizon.  The sandstorm had further intensified and was swiftly bearing down on the Oman-Saudi Arabian border.  It was huge, enormous.  Atreus’ resilience had thus far proven indomitable, but this test would exceed all others to date.  Jack still had confidence in Atreus’ ability, but could the man survive a full-blown storm of such immense proportions?  He was after all, only human.

31.

The light plane droned over the parched, waterless landscape of the Rub al Khali with Atreus and Eric scanning the desert floor from eight thousand feet above.  They had reached Atreus’ presumed location of the lost city over an hour ago; a place where the seemingly endless gravel plains disappeared northwards beneath the huge sand corrugations of the Arabian dune sea.
So far, their constant circling and scrutiny had revealed nothing.  Eric withdrew his gaze from the scorched vista and looked across at his companion.  Not for the first time, he wondered if Atreus really knew what he was talking about or if the man was actually a complete whacko.
‘Are you sure there’s something out here?’ he asked for the third time.
‘Sure I’m sure and quit asking, junior.  You just fly the plane,’ Atreus replied unperturbed as he looked out the window on his side.
Eric rechecked his instrument panel.  ‘We’ve been over this patch of desert five times and come up with nothing,’ he added.  ‘Maybe we should head home while we’ve still got enough fuel?’
‘And maybe you should give me my money back?’
Eric scowled.  ‘Okay.  How’s about we go a little lower?’
Atreus smiled.  ‘That’s the spirit.’
Eric banked the aircraft to the left and slipped into a broad, spiralling descent to turn around and restart their sweep of the area.  A few minutes later they levelled out at five thousand feet and began again.
‘You say it’s just off this road somewhere?’ Eric asked as he peered out the window.
Atreus retrieved the Google Earth printout he had made of the region and quickly scrutinised it again.  He then looked out the window to cross-check it with the view and nodded.
‘Yeah, this is the place alright,’ he answered.  ‘See there how the road bends from north-south to northwest-southeast to skirt the southern edge of the dune field?’ Atreus asked, pointing out his side window.
Eric leaned over and noted Atreus’ indication.  ‘Yeah, now explain to me again where we go from here?’
‘Well, that section of road continues northwest for about seven kilometres until it turns due west,’ Atreus replied while estimating the distances using his improvised scale on the printout.  ‘Our salt mound should be about half way along that section of road and about one kilometre perpendicular off it to the northeast.’
‘Whatever you say, but to be honest, the more I look out the window, the less sense it makes with your printout,’ Eric replied.  ‘Apart from the road, everything else looks different.’
‘True,’ Atreus concurred, nodding his head and putting the printout back in his pocket.  ‘It looks like the dunes have migrated a little further south since this image was taken.’
‘I hate to say it, Mr Knight, but unless you’ve got a giant vacuum cleaner, your lost city might be buried under the desert forever.’
‘It’s not over till the fat lady sings, mate,’ Atreus replied.  ‘Now, let’s see how a good a pilot you really are.  Get us in as low as you can.  I want to see sand blowing over the dash board.’
Eric looked sideways at Atreus, a smirk lifting the corner of his mouth.  ‘You serious?’
‘I’m always serious.’
‘Because I can do that, you know?  It’s a little bit risky, but I can do it.’
‘Then get busy doing it,’ Atreus replied a little testily, ‘and don’t hit me up for extra cash, because you aren’t getting it.’
‘Oh, I’ll do this for free.  Hold on, grandpa!’ Eric cried as he turned the yoke.
The horizon suddenly inverted and then pitched out of sight as the windscreen filled with desert.  Instead of repeating his earlier, gentle banking manoeuvre, this time Eric performed a half barrel-roll and flipped the aircraft upside down.  He then pulled back on the controls and plunged them into a vertical dive.
Atreus gripped his seat with both hands as his internal organs sloshed like gherkins in a jar, his head spinning.  Glancing sideways, he noted the shameless relish with which the young pilot performed the death-defying stunt.  Jealousy flared.  Atreus was struggling to hold onto his dignity while this upstart was having a good time.  He tried harder to conjure a casual demeanour, but unfortunately, his knuckles just wouldn’t unclench.
‘Brace yourself!’ Eric called out gleefully.
Atreus immediately felt the G-forces push him down into his seat as Eric pulled back on the controls to level them out of their vertical dive.  The desert swept backwards beneath them, slowly at first, but then more rapidly as they continued to change pitch towards the horizontal.  The G-forces crept higher and higher.  Atreus’ stomach clamped up and his vision started to blur.  He could vaguely hear Eric laughing behind the background of his heart rate beating in his ears.  It was embarrassing.
Slowly, the horizon slid down from the top of the windscreen and the centrifugal forces ebbed away.  The desert and sky resumed their normal positions and Atreus managed to breathe again.  The rush was over and despite his poor performance under pressure, Atreus still felt an unbidden smile split his face as the residual adrenalin drained from his system.
‘You like that, Mr Knight?’ Eric ventured as he rechecked the instrument panel.
‘Walk in the park,’ Atreus replied as nonchalantly as he could, while looking out the window at the desert floor, which they were now virtually skimming over.  ‘Though, you did just give me another good reason for not telling my brother what we’re up to.’
‘Your brother wouldn’t approve of a bit of aerobatics then?’
‘Poor bladder control comes to mind.’
‘I can do it again if you want?’ Eric eagerly offered.
‘Ease up, junior.  We’ve still got a lost city to find and another thing,’ Atreus said a little more sternly.
‘What?’
‘Don’t call me grandpa.’

32.

Sitting in a large wicker chair on the balcony of her Hilton Salalah hotel suite overlooking the beach, Cassandra struggled to relax.  She had two things going through her mind.  The first thing was her distrust of Atreus.  She doubted he could simply fly out to the desert, scout around for the lost city and then return.  The man was a creature of habit and bad habits at that.  He would not be able to resist doing something spectacularly stupid, which meant that for every second he was away, both she and Patroclus would need to worry about him and Cassandra had already spent a large portion of her recent life worrying about Atreus.  It was also the main reason why she had left him.
The second thing on her mind was Atreus himself.  She still loved him.  It was that simple and now after two and a half years of trying to get him out of her mind, here he was, back up to his old tricks and dragging her right back to square one.  She had run all the way to the Middle East to escape, but it was now painfully clear that she had carried the memory of Atreus with her and to make matters worse, Cassandra was sure Atreus still loved her too.  He had not said so, but she could tell.  Her life had just become a whole lot more complicated.
Shaking her head, Cassandra got to her feet and walked inside.  Switching on the television, she flicked through the movie channels in the hope of finding something mindless to distract her for the rest of the afternoon.  After a fruitless search she settled on BBC World.  The news anchorman wrapped up the day’s headlines and passed across to the weather presenter.  Bored with it, Cassandra was about to turn the set off when a map of the Middle East popped up.
‘And that sandstorm continues to roll across the eastern Saudi Arabian desert and if it keeps going along its present course, it will probably spill into southwestern Oman in the next few hours,’ the presenter babbled.  ‘I hope you’ve got your vacuum cleaners handy because it looks like a big one, but what does it matter anyway?  It’s in the middle of the desert and no one lives out there except a few camels, right?’
‘Wrong!’ Cassandra thought.  Atreus was out there right now, headed directly for that monster.  Panic reared up inside.  Images of disaster gushed through her mind.  What could she do?  Who could she call?  Suddenly the door bell rang.
Ignoring the disturbance, Cassandra rushed to the table and grabbed up her mobile phone.  Dialling Patroclus’ number she waited for her brother-in-law to answer.  He did.
‘Cas…’ Patroclus started.
‘Pat, you need to get in here now!’ Cassandra cut-in, her raised voice trembling.  ‘Trey’s in trouble!’
‘Cas…’ Patroclus tried again.
‘Pat, just get in here!  I can’t do this over the phone!’ Cassandra yelled.
‘I’m already here, Cas.  I’m at the door,’ he replied, the door bell chiming again.
Cassandra’s head twitched at the sound.  Disconnecting the phone, she dashed to the door and threw it open.  Patroclus appeared, his face tired and drawn.
Cassandra erupted.  ‘I just saw on the weather there’s a huge sandstorm headed directly for where Trey is and...!’
Patroclus held his hands up and she stopped talking.  ‘I know,’ he answered.  ‘There’s something I need to tell you.’
Cassandra’s eyes narrowed to dagger points.  ‘What do you need to tell me?’ she asked.
‘I think you better sit down.’
Cassandra felt a tingle trickle down her spine.
‘Come on, Cas,’ Patroclus insisted.  ‘Let’s go inside and sit down.  Explaining this out here in the hall is not a good idea.’
A knot formed in Cassandra’s stomach and a buzzing entered her head.  Patroclus stepped inside and closed the door.  He then gently steered Cassandra to the table where he pulled out a chair and let her sit down.  Seating himself on the opposite side of the table, Patroclus looked at Cassandra and cringed.  It was as though shock had set in.  Cassandra’s face was drawn and pale.  Her hands resting on the table, quivered just slightly and her gaze cast unseeingly out the glass doors to the balcony and away over the sea.  Patroclus felt her pain and cursed his brother.
‘I’m sorry to have to tell you this, Cas,’ he started, ‘but it seems Trey hasn’t been completely honest with us about his flight into the Empty Quarter.  Theo tells me that he and Trey struck up a secret plan together, which Trey didn’t want to tell us about because we would have thought it was too dangerous for him to try and, well, he was right.’
Patroclus paused to let Cassandra respond, but her malaise held.  He sighed.  Patroclus knew Cassandra still loved Atreus and that what he was about to tell her would drag her back into a world she had fought to escape.  Cassandra had gone through similar situations because of Atreus before, but it was never easy and it was definitely something she didn’t deserve.  Atreus had let them both down again, but especially Cassandra.  Looking down at the table, Patroclus steeled himself to say the words he dreaded.
‘Very well.  Here it is,’ he started again.  ‘Trey has no intention of returning here this afternoon from his flight to the Empty Quarter.  If he manages to find the lost city, which he is convinced is where he thinks it is, he’s staying out there tonight and tomorrow morning to search the ruins and get the second key.  That way, he thinks we stand a better chance of beating Amherst to it by not having to go out again with a more cumbersome operation at a later stage.  This way, he presumes to wrap this up sooner rather than later.’
‘How does he plan on getting down to the ruins?’ Cassandra asked in a hushed tone, her gaze unmoving from the sea.
Patroclus started, surprised to hear Cassandra’s voice.  Then he looked down at his wringing hands because he knew that if he answered her question with the truth it would likely make matters worse.  She was hurting, but still, he had to tell Cassandra the whole truth otherwise he would be no different to his errant brother.
‘He’s going to skydive down,’ Patroclus finally replied.
Cassandra’s mind instantly filled with an image of Atreus dangling from a canopy, thousands of feet off the ground as an enormous cloud of sand billowed towards him.
‘And how was he going to get back here the next day?’ she asked, still unmoving.
‘Theo’s agreed to fly out tomorrow morning in one of his military helicopters to pick him up.  Trey’s given him the coordinates.’
‘And how would Trey survive the night without provisions?’
‘Apparently Trey asked Eric to pre-arrange some supplies; a sleeping bag, some water, a torch.  That sort of stuff.  Eric had already stashed the gear in the plane before we arrived.’
The plan was complete.  Cassandra hated it, but she had been right.  Trey had lied to her, or at least had not told her the whole truth.  She rose and woodenly crossed to the balcony doors.  Looking out at the view, Cassandra saw not the surf-washed beach, but rather the forbidding image of Atreus being enveloped by a towering wall of sand, helpless and alone.  She had just been reunited with him and now, there was every chance the man she loved was going to be wrenched away and lost in the desert sands.  A familiar weariness consumed Cassandra as Atreus’ past history of broken promises caught up with her.  She bowed her head.
Patroclus got to his feet and walked up behind Cassandra.  ‘Say something, Cas,’ he pleaded.  ‘Say anything.’
Silence held sway.  Then after a few moments, Cassandra turned and fixed her sullen gaze on Patroclus, who looked expectantly back.
‘Get Theo on the phone,’ she said simply.  ‘I want to know if there’s any way we can save Trey.’

33.

‘You’re sure that’s it?’ Eric asked as he leaned across the cabin to look out Atreus’ window.
‘Has to be,’ Atreus replied without hesitation.  ‘It’s in exactly the right spot.’
‘It looks like all the other sand dunes to me.  How do you know it’s a salt mound?’
‘It’s actually a salt mound and a sand dune combined,’ Atreus responded as he undid his seatbelt before turning around to the back seat to retrieve a medium-sized pack full of equipment and supplies.
‘Combined?’ Eric asked, pulling a face.  ‘What do you mean combined?’
Atreus jammed the pack on the floor between his legs and began burrowing into it; his frantic, rodent-like behaviour raising Eric’s ire.
‘Look, Mr Knight, I know you’re meant to be the brains of this outfit, but I really don’t feel comfortable about dumping you out in the desert unless you can convince me that that really is a salt mound down there, okay?’
Atreus discovered a small, soft Gore-Tex pack and held it up.  Loosening the opening, he pulled out a portion of the internal contents to reveal a shiny, two-toned fabric coloured purple and red.
‘Wow.  Sleeping bags just get tinier and tinier don’t they?’ he said.
Eric huffed, his hands wringing the controls.  ‘The salt mound, Mr Knight, and a reason why I should let you do this at all?’ he pushed.
Atreus re-stuffed the sleeping bag and again delved into the supplies before answering.  ‘There are two reasons why you’re going to let me do this, Eric,’ he said as he ferreted.  ‘The first is the ten thousand dollars I deposited into your now obese bank account and the second reason is that if you have a close look at the dune I’m talking about, you’ll see it bears a different shape and form to the other dunes around it.’
Eric banked the Cessna in a broad arc over the feature to gain a better perspective for himself.  ‘I don’t see it,’ he said after taking a long look.
Atreus resurfaced from the pack with a small Maglite torch and started madly pressing the on/off button like a three year-old with a new toy.
‘Mr Knight, can we focus, please?’ Eric pleaded.
Content with the torch’s functional status, Atreus leaned across to Eric’s side of the cabin and surveyed the desert geomorphology once more.
‘Alright.  Quick sedimentology lesson,’ he said.
‘Sedimentology’s a subject?’ Eric asked, screwing his face up.
‘Maybe if you’d gone to university?’
‘You want me to call you grandpa again?’
‘Just look out the window.’
Eric complied.
‘See how all the sand dunes are basically linear in shape and roughly oriented in a northeast-southwest direction,’ Atreus said.
‘Yeah.  So what?’ Eric replied.
‘See also how the dunes are steeper on the southeastern side than on the northwestern side?’ Atreus continued.
‘Yeah and again, so what?’
‘Well, that means the prevailing wind in the area blows to the southeast which forces the dunes to move in that direction.’
‘What’s your point?’ Eric asked shrugging as he did.
‘Well, junior, that’s proof that the dune sea has moved further south in the time between this Google Earth image being taken and our being here today, which means that my salt mound is now likely buried beneath a sand dune,’ Atreus hypothesised before returning to rummaging in the pack.  Eric screwed up his face as he continued to look askew out the window.  A second later Atreus straightened with several bottles of spring water.  ‘Did you get me a hat?’
‘What?’ Eric quizzed, frowning.
‘I asked you to bring me a broad-brimmed hat, like a cricketer’s hat,’ Atreus asked a little impatiently, his mood becoming more excited since making the apparent discovery, which Eric was still having trouble believing.
‘On the back seat somewhere,’ Eric replied a little testily, waving him away.  ‘So if the dunes have migrated over the top of your salt mound, how do you know where it is?’
Atreus spun around to the rear of the cabin and after a quick fossick, found what he was looking for.  Shoving the hat on his head he checked it for size.  ‘Perfect.’
‘Mr Knight?’
‘Huh?’
‘The salt mound?  How do you know where it is if it’s covered in sand?’ Eric repeated as patiently as he could while he continued to circle the plane.
Jamming the hat into the pack, Atreus zipped it closed and leaned across to Eric’s side again.  ‘Like I said all of the dunes are pretty much the same shape and orientation, except for that one.’
‘Which one?’
‘That one.’
‘Which one?  They all look the same to me,’ Eric replied, almost losing his cool.
‘That one right there, just off the road,’ Atreus persisted, stabbing a finger onto the plexi-glass window.  ‘The one with the big, black hump on its back.’
Eric scrutinised the landscape more closely and eventually found an irregularity.  A single dune amongst the endless sea beneath them actually exhibited a different form to the rest, its typically skewed triangular shape marred by the emergence of a large pockmarked dome; the unusual feature further distinguishable by its dark brown colour in contrast to the dune’s rusty gold.
‘Right.  Now I see it,’ Eric happily announced.
‘Better late than never, junior.  Now, take us back up to ten thousand feet, so I can get out,’ Atreus ordered as he again dived into the back seat to fumble with a second pack.
A cold lump formed in Eric’s stomach.
‘Up and away, young fellah!’ Atreus quipped as he continued to rummage.  ‘Time’s a-wasting!’
‘Um, no.  I don’t think I will,’ Eric finally said.  ‘This doesn’t seem like such a good idea anymore.’
‘Ditch the cold-feet routine, mate,’ Atreus ploughed on unabated.  ‘My ex-ten thousand dollars says I get to tell you what to do and I say we get on with it.’
Eric baulked.  He was the pilot and so he was ultimately responsible for everyone on board.  If he didn’t want Atreus to jump then that was it; Atreus wouldn’t jump.  Unfortunately, Atreus did seem to know what he was doing.  He’d found his salt mound and therefore the apparent site of his lost city.  Atreus also had faith in his army friend’s ability to find him the next day and collect him, and then there was the money.  Ten thousand dollars was awfully hard to walk away from.
‘What’s it going to be, junior?’ Atreus asked as he finally stopped fussing about and inspected the second pack.  ‘The easy way or the poor way?’
Eric closed his eyes.  He was going to regret this.  Pulling back on the stick, he forced the Cessna to climb.
A grin spread across Atreus’ face.  ‘That-a-boy.  You’ve just earned yourself ten thousand good reasons to finally go to university.  It’s never too late to get a good education you know?’
Eric ignored him.  Instead he imagined Patroclus reading the note Atreus had ordered Eric to give him later that afternoon saying he’d dropped his sibling into one of the greatest hell-holes on the face of the Earth.  The ten thousand dollars suddenly looked pretty slim, considering it would have to cover both his court fees and the damages he was going to be liable for.  This was all wrong.
Atreus continued inspecting the second pack.  A harness revealed itself.
Eric glanced across.  ‘You know you should never use a parachute you didn’t pack yourself?’ he commented.
‘Too late for that and like you said yesterday, I’m the crazy, rich guy,’ Atreus replied as he started strapping himself into the contraption.
‘You sure your buddy’s coming out tomorrow to pick you up?’
‘He’s never let me down before.’
‘How’s he going to find you out here?’
‘What colour’s the chute canopy?’ Atreus asked as he tightened a shoulder strap.
‘Green and blue.’
‘Green and blue, hey?  Should stand out pretty well against all this yellow sand shouldn’t it?’
Eric shook his head.  Tension grew in his stomach as the curling tendrils of nausea took hold.  The altimeter continued to rise.  He looked out the window and reconfirmed their position relative to the salt mound.
‘How we doing, junior?’ Atreus asked after a prolonged bout of wrestling with the parachute.
‘Almost there,’ Eric returned sullenly as the altimeter ticked over the nine thousand feet mark.
‘Good, because I’m just about ready,’ Atreus said as he did a final double-check of his harness and the toggles for his ripcords, both main and reserve.  ‘What about goggles and an altimeter?’ he asked.
‘Front zip compartment of the supplies pack.  There’s a compass in there too.’
Atreus stuck his hands into the pack and poked around to find a pair of goggles.  Pulling them out, he slipped them over his head and tightened them for comfort.  Atreus then recovered a stainless-steel, hand-mounted altimeter, which he slid onto his right wrist.  Shaking his hand about, he adjusted the strap to make the device secure.
‘Levelling out now,’ Eric said as edged the yoke forwards to align the wings with the horizon.  ‘Check your altimeter.  It should be bang on ten thousand.’
Glancing at the gauge on his wrist Atreus noted the correct altitude and nodded.  ‘Spot on,’ he answered.  ‘Good work, junior.  Now let me get this pack strapped on and then we can get this show on the road.’
‘What the hell is that?’ Eric mumbled cryptically.
Atreus missed the comment as he instead focused on completing his final preparations.  Clipping his supplies pack to buckles on the front of his parachute harness, he pulled the straps tight and snugly fastened the pack against his body.  Then after one final look-over he nodded and turned to Eric with both thumbs up.  ‘Let’s rock and…what?’
Something was wrong.  Eric was craning his head forwards to peer over the dashboard at something in front of them, his wide eyes and gaping mouth a dead giveaway for trouble.
‘What is that thing?’ Eric muttered.
Atreus turned to follow Eric’s scrutiny, his prior excitement instantly falling flat.  The northern horizon had changed.  Instead of seeing the hazy separation of desert and sky, a vast, light brown smudge now obscured the join.  The cloud was massive, unbelievably huge and to make matters worse, it was headed straight for them.
‘Oh dear,’ Atreus said quietly, finally discovering a reason to pause.
‘What do you mean oh dear?’ Eric asked.  ‘What is that thing and where did it come from?’
‘Hmm, you didn’t by chance check the latest weather reports this morning did you?’ Atreus asked, panning his gaze across the approaching phenomenon.
‘I checked it last night before I went to bed.  Why?’ Eric replied defensively.
‘Wrong answer.’
‘What the hell is that thing?’
‘That thing, my young friend, is a good, old-fashioned sandstorm and judging by the size of it, it’s come straight out of the Bible.’
Eric stared at the swirling dust cloud, its mass growing rapidly.  ‘I’ve never seen a sandstorm,’ he muttered.
‘Well, today’s your lucky day.’
‘Wow.’
‘Wow is right, so we’d better get cracking,’ Atreus replied as he double-checked his altimeter and wriggled in his harness.
Eric noticed the activity and turned to look at Atreus, his face askance.  ‘What are you doing?’ he asked.
‘You’re a smart lad.  What do you think I’m doing?’
‘You’re still going to jump?  In front of that thing?’
‘That’s why we’re here.’
‘You can’t!  That’s…that’s insane!’
‘Just close the door behind me, junior.  I’ll do the rest,’ Atreus replied as he reached for the door latch.
‘No way, Mr Knight!  There’s no way I can let you jump now!’
‘Like it or not, junior, this is a spectator sport for you from now on, so you can either watch me jump safely from a level platform or you can watch me jump from a shifting platform and get chewed up in the propeller or banged up on the wings.  What’s it going to be?’
Eric’s eyes boggled.  He moved his lips to speak, but nothing came out.
‘Don’t look at me like that, mate.  I get it from my brother all the time,’ Atreus casually said as pushed his door ajar, the rushing wind whistling through the sliver of space.  ‘It’s decision time!’
Eric continued to stare aghast.  ‘This is suicidal!  You’ll kill yourself!’
‘We don’t have time to sit here and argue my mental state.  Yes or no?’
The whistling of the wind and the drop in temperature inside the cabin frazzled Eric’s senses.  Panic swirled in his mind.  His head swivelled from the approaching sandstorm to Atreus’ steel-set eyes.  This was pure insanity, but Atreus was determined and short of wrestling him back into the plane and tying him up there wasn’t really anything Eric could do.  He winced and nodded.
‘Good man!’ Atreus returned excitedly.  ‘Now as soon as I’m out, don’t wait around.  Get your backside away from that thing and make sure you take that note to my brother.  If I find out tomorrow you didn’t deliver it, you’ll be hearing from my lawyers, okay?’
Eric continued to nod, his current predicament more dream-like than real.  He definitely should not have got out of bed this morning.  Atreus pushed the door further open and pivoted on his seat.  He looked out the opening and checked for clearance.
‘Keep it level!’ Atreus called over his shoulder.
Eric snapped his eyes onto the instrument panel and checked to make sure the aircraft was as stable as he could get it.
‘Are we good?’ Atreus called out.
Eric swallowed hard and then replied, ‘We’re good!’
‘Thanks, junior,’ Atreus yelled back.  ‘Thanks a bunch.  I’ll see you tomorrow!’
Eric gripped the controls as though he was already bracing himself against the onslaught of the sandstorm.  His entire body had frozen rigid, his insides wrapped in wire cable.  A myriad of nightmare scenarios screamed though his conscience, his heart pounding like a sledgehammer.
A ruffle of noise sounded.  Eric whipped his head around and gasped.  The seat was empty.  The open door flapped gently in the rushing wind.  He was alone.  He was really alone.  Eric suddenly felt very, very scared.  This was not what he had expected and he didn’t like any of it one little bit.
Reaching across the cabin, Eric pulled the flapping door shut and then returned his gaze to the front.  The looming sandstorm filled the horizon.  It was definitely time to go.  Still grappling with the enormity of what he had just witnessed, Eric quickly banked the Cessna to the left, so he could gain a glimpse of Atreus’ falling form.
Squinting into the glare of the lowering sun, he struggled to see anything against the vast expanse of desolation beneath him, the desert having already swallowed Atreus whole.  There was nothing more he could do.
Refocusing his attention on the controls, Eric pointed the plane in the direction of Salalah and started imagining what it was going to be like telling Patroclus that his brother was dead and that Eric was to blame.

34.

Cold air consumed Atreus.  It buffeted him and tugged at his clothes like a swarm of grabbing hands.  The horizon spun wildly out of alignment, earth and sky blurring into one and all the while, rushing air filled his ears like standing beneath a towering waterfall as it pummelled him.  He was free and loving it, but he needed to regain control, quickly.
After hurling himself clear of the Cessna, Atreus initially went into raptures over the complete and total liberty of freefall.  He had been jumping since he was seventeen and found it to be the only sport he truly enjoyed.  However, today it was not just a sport, it was a means to avoid death.  He would need all his years of skill and knowledge to survive this dive.
As he tumbled, Atreus projected his thoughts inwards, focusing himself to maintain his centre.  Then with a clear mind, he threw his arms and legs wide.  The sluicing air clutched at him, his suit madly flapping like clothes on a storm-swept line.  The world did a final lurch and then righted itself as the horizon skittered back into place.  He was in control.
Now safely in a stable box position on his belly with arms and legs splayed to all four corners, Atreus looked down to check his bearings.  Astonishment slammed into him.  The Empty Quarter, the largest, continuous sand body in the world, spread magnificently out beneath him, spanning the entire width and breadth of his vision.  It was humbling.  It was awe-inspiring.  It was coming up at him at ludicrous speed!
Ignoring nature’s majesty, Atreus focused on the task at hand.  First he had to locate his target.  Then he had to direct his free-fall toward it and minimise his canopy descent.  Then finally he had to take shelter against the imminent sandstorm, a feature he had chosen to ignore for just a few moments lest the sight of its looming mass distract him.
Looking around, Atreus spied the sand dune-covered salt mound directly beneath him.  Then checking his hand-mounted altimeter, he noted eight thousand feet.  He had to get moving, and quickly.  Atreus started a mental countdown.  Then, pinning his arms by his sides and closing his legs together, he bent at the waist to spear downwards into the head-down position, streamlining his body shape into a vertical, pencil-like nose dive.
With his drag drastically reduced, Atreus rapidly achieved terminal velocity in excess of two hundred kilometres per hour.  He could not physically fall any faster and so he just had to hope and pray he would reach his target before the impending sandstorm swallowed him up, but he still had to release his canopy to stop himself from being squashed into the desert floor.  The problem was the canopy would slow him down, so as always it was all about timing.  Technically Atreus knew he should not release his parachute lower than two thousand feet, but considering his predicament, he knew he had to pull the ripcord well past that mark.  The delay would constitute only a few seconds of extra freefall, but at Atreus’ current speed, seconds made all the difference.
He had to trust himself.  He had to believe.  Atreus judged he had another ten seconds till chute deployment.  This was it.  Life or death and if it be death, he wanted to meet it with a smile on his face.
Cassandra appeared in his mind.  It was the night they had first laid eyes on each other.  A night he would cherish forever.  She glided down the staircase in a shimmering evening gown, the purple fabric shot through with inky black.  Her gleaming, raven-coloured hair slipped sensually down her back, her movements delicate and graceful.  She looked around the room and found him, her hazel-coloured eyes instantly smothering him, strangling his attention.  Cassandra smiled, not a broad, cheery grin, but rather a cute, subtle curling of the lips.  It was adorable and it was Atreus’ fondest and dearest memory of the woman that could have been his wife.  If he was going to die, he wanted that image to be the last thing he ever saw.
Five seconds.  Four seconds.  Three.  Two.  One.  Mark.
Atreus’ body exploded into a blur of movement.  Bending forwards at the hips, he somersaulted out of his nose dive to spin a full two hundred and seventy degrees head over heels.  Simultaneously he extended his arms and legs to increase drag and arrest his spin.  Returning to the box position, Atreus held firm and stabilised.  He looked down.  His vision filled with the reddish-gold sands of the Rub al Khali, their proximity much closer than he had expected and perilously closer than he would have preferred.  The ruddy, brown outcrop of the salt-mound sat directly beneath him, but it was close.  Too close.
Something else had also become immediately apparent.  Something he had hoped for, but right now had to be ignored.  Death beckoned and he had only a few desperate moments to avoid it.
Snapping his hand across to the ripcord, Atreus pulled the toggle.  The pilot chute popped out of his pack and immediately filled with air, forcibly pulling the main canopy free.  Bright green and blue fabric bloomed overhead, the rectangular chute puffing outwards.  Atreus’ body jerked sharply upwards, the straps of the harness biting into his groins and torso as his descent rate dramatically slowed.
Ignoring the discomfort, Atreus grasped the two steering toggles dangling on his chest.  Looking down, he fixed his aim below and to the left on what he had seen just before pulling the ripcord.  Walls.  They were unmistakable.  An erratic network of ruined, mud-brick structures poked out of the sand on the edge of the dune covering the salt-mound.  They were his target and hopefully his refuge, but finding the lost city was not enough.  He still had to cheat death.
Raising his head Atreus stared into the gaping maw of the sandstorm and froze.  It was vast and right now he hung suspended in the air, merciless in front of its all consuming rage.  Fear stirred him into action.
Looking down again, Atreus focused on the largest looking wall amongst the ruins and tugged hard on his left toggle.  The action pulled him into a tight left-hand turn, pivoting the chute and sending his body swinging wildly out to the right.  The desert spun beneath him, but he kept his gaze locked on the target.
Suddenly a great shadow slipped over the dunes as the sun disappeared behind the onslaught of the sandstorm.  The ground rushed up.  In mere seconds Atreus would either crash into the desert floor or be swallowed by nature’s fury.  Death had arrived.
Atreus spun towards the ground and then at the last second, tugged on the opposing toggle.  The canopy flared and equalised, stopping the spin.  Atreus’ motion instantly transferred from descent to forward motion as he swooped in low, dangerously low, his feet skimming inches above the sand, its golden surface already a shifting sheet.  Atreus started running before he even hit the ground.  He dared not fall over and lose his momentum in the face of the storm or get tangled in his deflating chute.
The manoeuvre paid off as he was now moving directly towards his intended target, the base of a six-foot, mud-brick wall.  Releasing one toggle, Atreus spun to face the collapsing canopy.  Without stopping, he continued to shuffle backwards while hauling the chute in towards himself, frantically gathering the slippery fabric in his arms.
The wind screamed all around.  Sand raked at his exposed face and hands, his goggles fortunately protecting his eyes.  Dust clogged his mouth and nose.  He gagged, and then stumbled, the shrieking gale battering him sideways.  Atreus looked up.  The elemental behemoth filled the sky.  Finally he retrieved the parachute, allowing him to turn and concentrate on only one thing; running for his life.
The wall was only ten metres away, but it was as good as a mile.  He had to run towards the storm to reach safety, directly into the wind.  Atreus pumped his legs, knowing that if he either fell now or didn’t make it to cover he would be stranded in the open, likely resulting in his being buried alive.
The looming beast devoured the air in front of him, its swirling tendrils whipping across the lost city.  Atreus felt like he was running through jelly.  Gritting his teeth and lifting his knees, he forced himself to plough forward.  His feet began to drag, his legs burning with the effort.  The wall did not seem to be getting any closer as the churning sand veiled his vision.  The sky vanished.  He was now in the clutches of the monster.
The wall faded within the cloud of sand and dust, but he could still see it, just.  Refuge lay only metres away.  The air in his lungs blazed.  He was now running blind.  Pain consumed him.  He would not let himself die.
With one last supreme effort, Atreus bent forward, bunched his aching leg muscles and dived, straight into the face of the gale.  As he fell, he opened the canopy in front of him and allowed the fabric to billow out and enshroud him as he flew through the air.
Atreus felt himself float in space as the power of the storm held him aloft like a kite.  Then he hit the ground, hard, squeezing the final vestiges of air from his lungs.  Atreus was spent.  He could go no further.  Exhaustion washed over him as the world faded away, the sound of the sandstorm slipping into silence.  Atreus let himself sink into unconsciousness, welcoming the relief.
For a moment he wondered if it had been worth it.  Yes, he had found the lost city, but would he find the second key?  Had he just positioned himself to save the human race or just sentenced himself to a lonely death in the Arabian Desert?
Either way, it was done and he had time to rest.  An image materialised in his mind.  Cassandra.  That same shimmering purple gown.  Her gleaming, silken tresses.  The grace of a goddess come to Earth and those eyes, those sumptuous, all-consuming eyes.  Then, there was nothing.

35.

Patroclus’ hotel suite looked more like Churchill’s war room than a luxury apartment.  Topographic maps, weather charts and satellite images carpeted the table, the papers and documents spilling over onto the floor.  Two lap tops and a tablet rested along the kitchenette servery, their screens depicting an additional assortment of maps and charts along with a photograph of a US Army Pave Hawk helicopter.  Empty coffee cups, spring water bottles and soft drink cans lay interspersed amongst the geographic paraphernalia, but even with all this information, the brain-storming session that had created the chaos had now trailed off to virtually nought.
Patroclus sighed and plonked himself down onto a chair at the dining table.  Rubbing his face he sighed deeply.  ‘What do you think?’ he asked.
‘It’s all bad,’ Theo replied from across the table, his head bowed over a multi-coloured Landsat image of the southern Rub al Khali.  ‘We can’t go anywhere near the area Atreus is in until the sandstorm has cleared.  It’s just too dangerous.’
‘When do you think it will clear?’
‘Given the storm’s current velocity and heading, probably sometime early morning.  I’ve already got the lads kitted to go out at first light in one of the birds as per Atreus’ original plan, so I suggest we just stick to it.’
‘What about fuel?’ Patroclus asked as he uncovered a topographic map and looked at the distance from Salalah to Atreus’ last known location in the desert.
‘No problem.  I’ve got the extra fuel pylons already fitted and full.  That’ll extend our range to over two thousand kilometres, so even if we have to do a bit of scouting around we’ll be fine,’ Theo said confidently, attempting to reinject hope into the discussion.  ‘The Pave Hawk’s perfect for this kind of thing, Pat.  It’s what it was designed for and as far as I’m concerned, I wouldn’t try it with anything else.  The problem is, like I said, there’s nothing we can do until morning.’
‘Tell that to Cassandra,’ Patroclus said wearily, looking out to the balcony where Cassandra stood, a lone figure silhouetted against the darkening twilight.
‘I tried,’ Theo replied equally as tiredly, turning to follow Patroclus’ gaze, ‘but I don’t think I’m in her good books.’
‘She’s not mad at you.  She’s disappointed with Trey.’
‘Well, she should be blaming me.  I could’ve talked Trey out of his plan or at least not offered to help, but…’
‘Theo, it’s not your fault.  We all know Trey can be awfully persuasive when he wants to be and you’re his best friend, so of course you wanted to help him,’ Patroclus said, ‘but that doesn’t mean he had any right to betray your trust and Cassandra’s trust and deliberately jump into the desert in full sight of an approaching sandstorm.  That’s maniacal, but that unfortunately is my brother to a tee.’
‘Sure is,’ Theo begrudgingly concurred as he turned back to the table, ‘but in Trey’s defence, I will say that if anyone can pull it off it’s him.  He has an uncanny knack of coming up trumps when the cards look bad.’
‘Yes, he does, but it’s always Cassandra who has to suffer through his whims and nonsense.  Why she still loves him I don’t know.  Atreus sure doesn’t deserve it.’
Theo bowed his head again.  There was nothing left to say.
Cassandra listened to the surf, attempting to cleanse her mind of the turmoil enveloping her.  She could feel Eric’s note still crumpled in her loosely clasped hands.  After reading it once, she had sat and patiently listened to the young man’s explanation of events.  Cassandra did not interrupt once, nor utter a single word and had not spoken since.  Theo and Patroclus reassured Eric it was not his fault and then let him go.  Two hours had passed and still she struggled with it all.
Cassandra was not yet prepared to accept that Atreus was dead.  All she knew was that he had gone into the desert with every intention of betraying their trust and then above that, had willingly leapt into the path of a sandstorm.  He was probably dead, but Cassandra held onto her denial like a torch in the night.  She needed it.  It was the only thing that kept her fear at bay.
Turning away from the sea, Cassandra walked inside.  Patroclus and Theo both stood, their unceasing chivalry a welcome gesture.  She tried to smile, but failed.  She was too tired.  The two men looked at her with searching eyes.  They needed hope as much as she did.  The only thing left to do was plan for their departure at first light into the Empty Quarter.  Cassandra prayed that their efforts would not be futile and that their return journey would not be a funeral march for the man she loved.

*          *          *

Shielding himself behind the closely drawn drapes of his nearby suite, the stranger watched Cassandra move inside off the balcony.  Putting down the binoculars, he mulled over the consequences of the information he now possessed.
His sources at the airport confirmed Atreus had flown into the desert that afternoon and not come back, the Cessna Skyhawk returning with only the young, male pilot onboard.  The exact whereabouts of Atreus seemed to be a mystery, not only to him, but also to his brother and ex-fiancé.  Then this third man, sporting the rank of a Lieutenant-Colonel in the United States Army, had appeared.  A quick check through the military personnel files revealed him to be Theodore Samson Bray, a soldier of high distinction and someone that was shrouded in tightly woven military secrecy.  How he was involved with Atreus and this whole affair was unclear, but judging by the body language and the brief snippets of conversation he had gleaned from lip-reading, the man seemed to be the only person in the room with any great confidence of finding Atreus.  This fact added to the image of the Pave Hawk helicopter on the laptop monitor and five aircraft of the same design sitting on the tarmac at Salalah airport only enforced the likelihood that he was going to prove to be a very serious problem.
Picking up his mobile phone, the stranger dialled a number in Jerusalem.  The line rang a few times and then connected.
‘What have you got?’ sounded a man’s voice on the other end.
‘Atreus has gone missing,’ the stranger said curtly.
‘Where?’
‘Somewhere in the desert.  He took a charter flight out this afternoon, but the pilot came back alone.’
‘What do you need?’
‘A helicopter.  Something with range and significant firepower.’
‘Why the guns?’
‘We may have another problem,’ the stranger added.
‘What?’
‘It seems the Knights have friends in the US military and they’ve come along to help.’
‘What are you up against?’
‘Probably one or two US Army Pave Hawks.’
A pause.
‘Give me an hour,’ the voice finally answered.  ‘I’ll call you back.’  The line went dead.
The stranger put the phone down and picked up the binoculars.  Fixing his gaze on the balcony doors of Patroclus’ suite, he locked onto the big man in military dress.  The stranger didn’t want to have to kill him, but if the cards played that way, he would not hesitate.  He’d killed before and he would do it again.  His life and his beliefs dictated it.

*          *          *

High above the Rub al Khali, Jack’s frustration nagged.  The swirling mass of sand and dust completely obstructed his view of Atreus’ position.  For all Jack knew, Atreus had perished beneath the gargantuan cloud, dashing his hopes of quickly retrieving the second key.  If the man was indeed dead, which was highly likely considering the scale of destruction on display, Jack would now have to rely solely on Lord Amherst; a prospect that lacked all appeal.  For the first time since he had renewed his quest, Jack felt his goal of time travel slip just slightly in his grasp.  Fixing his gaze on the sandstorm raging across the surface of the planet below, he vowed to not leave anything else to chance.  It was time for him to get personally involved.

36.

Midnight came and passed in the Rub al Khali, a clear, cloudless night sky presiding peacefully over the vast, barren landscape.  A half-moon suffused the lightly shifting sands with a silvery sheen, the smooth undulations of the dunes rolling from polished peaks to shadowed dells.  In contrast to the monstrous, raking power of the earlier sandstorm, silence now roared across the sleeping desert, allowing it to return to the solitude and quiescence that had accompanied it through countless centuries of isolation.
The wind-etched mass of the salt-mound protruded high out of its sandy prison, a large portion of the encompassing dune pushed rudely away by the brute force of the sandstorm.  Resting at the mound’s base, the ruined, mud-brick walls of the ancient citadel had not fared so well.  Deep drifts of sand had piled high against its walls as the lost city desperately struggled to escape the mighty desert’s relentless migration.  The ruins owed their preservation to the sands’ impregnable, protective blanket, but they now lay precariously on the verge of once again disappearing beneath the ever-marching dunes.
An iron-clad stillness locked the landscape, but then something moved.  A trickle of sand slipped down the face of a small drift at the base of the largest ruined wall.  Then more sand cascaded down.  A lump swelled within the pile, which rapidly grew and then finally erupted.
Atreus’ head emerged from the sand drift, his goggles still firmly in place.  Swivelling his head from side to side, he surveyed the still scene and then once satisfied that all was well, pushed his torso free.  Silvery showers of sand tumbled downwards as he struggled to stand, his parachute still wrapped around his shoulders.  Letting the blue and green fabric fall away, Atreus inhaled a deep breath of the cold, dry air, watching as his exhalation crystallised in the still night as a frosty cloud.  Looking around again, he marvelled at the pristine, moon-washed expanse surrounding him.  Awe struck.  Atreus had abandoned the world of humanity and replaced it with the Empty Quarter’s incalculable desolation.
Clumsily extricating himself from the drift, Atreus slowly spun around to absorb his location.  Suddenly he shivered, a bone-shaking tremor that went right to his core.  It was cold, very cold.  Looking up, Atreus marvelled at the dazzling, star-littered sky and shivered again.  The cloudless panorama provided no warmth.  Buried beneath the sand he had been wonderfully insulated with the added bonus of his jumpsuit.  He had not even needed his sleeping bag, but now he was out in the open and if he did not start moving soon, the cold would surely bring him undone.
Glancing at his watch, Atreus estimated he had been under cover for about nine hours, the sandstorm having maintained a constant barrage the entire time.  The wall had proved a blessing in shielding him from the elements, but he still had to rise several times to push the piling sand off lest he be smothered.  Weariness dragged on him.  The cumulative exertion of skydiving down to the ruins, running into the wind to take shelter and then repeatedly digging his way out of the drift had taken its toll.  With exhaustion tugging at his limbs and the leaching, cold air compounding his tiredness, Atreus still managed to smile.  It could be worse.  He could already be dead.
With about eight hours remaining before Theo arrived to take him home, Atreus needed to scout the ruins and hopefully find the second key, assuming it was there to be found.  His incarceration beneath the sand had stolen some precious time, but if his incredibly good fortune persisted, all would end well, but first things first.  Atreus needed to reacquaint himself with Survival Skills 101.
Climbing back onto the sand drift, Atreus grabbed the edge of the parachute and started hauling it clear.  After a minute or so of pulling and digging, the parachute came free.  Dragging the canopy away from the ruins, Atreus stretched the fabric out over as large an area as possible.  He then started heaping sand around the edge of it to weigh it down in case the wind returned.  Ten minutes later, with the task finished, he stood back from his handiwork and critiqued his survival skills with satisfaction.  The blue and green contraption had safely guided him to Earth, but now it would provide the primary means of getting him back into the air again and home.  All he needed was for Theo to spot the conspicuously-coloured canopy amongst the monotonous yellow tones of the desert.
‘I hope you’re not colour blind, mate?’ Atreus said to himself as he rubbed his shoulders.  The activity had kept the cold at bay, but now standing idle Atreus felt it bite in again.  ‘Right.  Let’s get busy.’
Clapping his hands and rubbing his arms and shoulders some more, Atreus headed off in the direction of the ruins, preparing himself for several hours of walking and a whole lot of digging.

37.

Patroclus looked ahead through the windscreen to see the rising sun brim the horizon, the morning rays spilling across the tarmac to chase the lingering shadows away.  Patroclus wondered if Atreus too was watching the dawn.  Had he survived the sandstorm?  Was his brother hurt and dying or would they even find him at all?  So many questions.  So much unnecessary anguish.
Turning to his left, Patroclus looked across the interior cabin of their Humvee to Cassandra.  She sat statuesque, staring out the window at nothing in particular.  She had gone to bed early last night despite his and Theo’s protestations that she shouldn’t be alone, but it was plainly obvious that Cassandra had not slept much.  Neither had Patroclus.  With the planning for their expedition over, he had kept Theo company over dinner and then reclined himself though he failed to gain much sleep.  Dark rings hung beneath both Patroclus’ eyes.  His body felt leaden, but he had to keep his spirits up.  He would not accept that his twin brother was dead.
Returning his gaze to the front, Patroclus spied a row of five desert-camouflage painted helicopters lined up along the far edge of the tarmac ahead of them.  The two-tone, tan and brown aircraft squatted low upon the ground, each of their massive bulks crowned by four drooping rotor blades.  The helicopters reminded Patroclus more of giant beetles than anything man-made, but these were their rides into the desert and Theo assured them there were no finer steeds than these on which to make this journey.
‘I’m assuming you’ve both flown in helicopters before?’ Theo asked from the front passenger seat.
‘Of course,’ Patroclus replied, ‘but never in anything like these.  What’s the word on the sandstorm?’
‘Seems it petered out sometime just after midnight.  Looks like Trey’s luck might have come good again.’
‘I guess we’ll find out soon enough,’ Patroclus answered with downcast eyes.  ‘How long will it take us to get to his position?’
‘About ninety minutes give or take.  I’ll have the boys pack some good in-flight movies and get the stewardess to chill some beers,’ Theo quipped, hoping to loosen Patroclus’ mood.  Looking around at Cassandra, Theo knew any similar attempts on her would be pointless.
The Humvee pulled up adjacent to the helicopters a minute later.  Everyone disembarked.  Patroclus looked uncertainly down at his attire, the US Army-issue flight-suit not the most glamorous outfit ever to grace his person, but rules were rules.  He had never felt very comfortable around the military, his distrust having something to do with the size and number of guns their jobs required them to carry and more disturbingly the fact that they had to shoot them at people.  Patroclus looked up as a crew of four soldiers stepped clear of the nearest helicopter and waited at ease for Theo to take command.
‘Everything squared away, gents?’ Theo queried rhetorically, expecting more than demanding an affirmative reply.
‘Ready and waiting, sir,’ one of the crew replied.
‘Gentlemen, this is a standard jaunt into the desert for a quick sweep and grab,’ Theo explained, his manner no longer casual.  ‘We’ve got an extra seat reserved for the target who will be waiting for us at the collection point.  We don’t anticipate any funny business along the way, but just in case, Sergeant, you’re in charge of insurance.’  Theo motioned specifically to the man on the far right.  ‘You know the standard Rules of Engagement?’
‘Yes, sir,’ the soldier barked in reply.
‘Gentlemen, these are two of your passengers this morning,’ Theo continued as he gestured to Cassandra and Patroclus.  ‘This is not a group date, so there’s no need for introductions.  Simply refer to them as Sir and Ma’am as you would to any ranking-officer.  Be nice to them and they won’t bite back.  Questions?’
The four men held fast as they absorbed their standing orders for the flight.
‘Good.  Then let’s get rolling,’ he finally ordered.  The four men snapped to attention, saluted and as a unit moved to the helicopter to begin the pre-flight procedures.
‘Are the guns really necessary?’ Patroclus asked as he eyed off the two side-mounted mini-guns.
‘More of a deterrent than a necessity,’ Theo replied, ‘but like I said, it always helps to have insurance.  Sergeant Hubert there will make sure no one entertains the idea of tangoing with us.’
Patroclus looked up at the soldier in question who was running a final check on the six-barrelled, monster machine guns, the man’s casual yet familiar attention to detail around the weapons slightly unnerving.  Patroclus’ own gun handling experience extended to a single and somewhat unfortunate episode of clay-pigeon shooting on the estate back in England.  His first attempt at firing the shotgun had thrown him violently onto his back.  The second had almost taken the Game Keeper’s head off.  Since that day Patroclus had deliberately sought as great a distance as possible between himself and any variety of firearms.  Unfortunately, this philosophy had been summarily demolished over the last few days.  It seemed everywhere he went, someone had a gun and now here he stood, face to face with the biggest guns he had ever seen.  Patroclus rolled his eyes and looked away.
Meanwhile, Theo turned to Cassandra who was now vaguely watching the pilots through the glass cockpit as they settled in for the flight.  Her quiet yet controlled demeanour bespoke of silent resolve.  Theo had seen the expression and mood before, mainly on men and women preparing to place themselves in harm’s way.  Cassandra was no soldier, so it disturbed him that her emotions had driven her to this intensity.  All would be fine if they found Atreus alive and well, but if things turned out differently, Cassandra may never again surface from beneath that hardened state.
‘Cas, are you good to go?’ Theo gently asked.  Cassandra nodded silently in return.  ‘Pat?’  he then asked.  Patroclus nodded.  ‘Okay.  Let’s saddle up.’
The Flight Engineer handed down two helmets, which Theo accepted and held out for Cassandra and Patroclus to take.  ‘Put these on and don’t give me any nonsense about helmet-hair,’ he said sternly.  ‘These things aren’t an invitation.  You will wear them at all times or else you’ll stay here by the pool.  These helmets have internal earphones and an externally-mounted microphone for communication.  They’re wireless, so there are no leads or cables that require plugging in.  This allows us all to roam around the cabin and hear and speak to each other without getting tangled up.  My advice though is to stay strapped into your seat, keep your mouths shut and speak only when spoken to.  If you do feel a need to talk, don’t shout and use names whenever possible to avoid confusion.  Clear?’
Cassandra and Patroclus nodded.
‘You can pull the tinted visor down at your leisure,’ Theo continued, ‘but I strongly recommend you do it before we get airborne.  Two reasons.  One, it will shield your eyes from flying debris and two, as soon as we get up in the sky,’ Theo pointed towards the rising sun, ‘it’s going to get pretty bright.  Still clear?’
Patroclus and Cassandra nodded again.
‘Good.  Put your helmets on and come aboard.’
Patroclus and Cassandra did as they were told and watched as Theo climbed up the two-step mounting to enter the Pave Hawk’s port-side door.  He then turned on the brink to face them.
‘Cas, come on up first,’ Theo insisted via his helmet-borne communications link.  Holding out his hand, he helped her up the short climb into the cabin.  The Flight Engineer then directed her to a forward-facing seat in the middle of the craft and strapped her in.
‘Now you, Pat,’ Theo said as he jerked a thumb in demonstration of his wishes.
Patroclus threw a final glance at the multi-barrelled mini-gun protruding from the port-side gunner’s hatch.
‘Don’t worry, Pat, they’re on our side,’ Theo said, sporting a broad smile.
Suppressing his unease, Patroclus climbed aboard and sat alongside Cassandra in the centre.
‘Okay, people, let’s go get a tan,’ Theo said.
Patroclus allowed the Flight Engineer to strap him in, hoping he looked as calm as Cassandra, but knowing otherwise.  He just couldn’t help but feel that given their recent luck with gun-wielding madmen, those steroid-laced machine guns sticking out of the sides of their helicopter could only mean trouble.
His thoughts were then distracted by a high-pitched whining noise, which quickly grew in intensity as the shadows of the rotor blades vanished into a blur.  The stout craft shifted beneath them and a few seconds later they were airborne, the surrounding greenery of the coastal plain spreading out below.  They were off to the desert.  Patroclus hoped they would also get a return journey and that maybe, just maybe, Atreus would be with them, but what was he thinking?  Patroclus shook his head and tried yet again to not let his hopes rise too high.
	
*          *          *

The stranger sat quietly in the rear of the Bell UH-1N Iroquois helicopter, or Huey, contemplating to what lengths he would need to go when confronting the Knights.  Closing his eyes behind his mirrored sunglasses, he tried to relax.  They had had to get up early to drive seventy kilometres north of Salalah to Thumrait airport to rendezvous with the Huey and the last thing he needed now was to be tired.  The stranger would need his wits when they met up once more with their prey, knowing just how slippery Atreus could be.
‘We have them, sir,’ the co-pilot announced from the cockpit, ‘travelling northwest.  Their current vector will place them approximately sixty kilometres due west of us in fifteen minutes.’
‘Hold our position until they go past,’ the stranger instructed without opening his eyes.  ‘Then fall in behind and stay below radar.  Make sure you keep your distance too.  We can’t afford to spook them early.’
‘Roger that, sir,’ the co-pilot concurred.
The stranger then opened his eyes and glanced across at the mini-gun mounted on the edge of the starboard-side door.  He knew the Pave Hawk would most likely have two of its own.  No matter.  Every fight he’d ever been in was all about the first punch.  Whoever got the opening shot in usually won and he’d only ever lost one fight in his life.  That was the night he had run into Atreus Knight and he had vowed there and then that he would never lose again.

38.

Atreus stood unmoving in the sands of the Rub al Khali, his gaze centred on the stone portal he had just spent the last two hours uncovering with his bare hands.  The rising sun spilled over the dune behind, turning the shaded sands of the desert into golden honey, the orb’s gentle warmth stirring a tender breeze.  Atreus’ shadow covered the portal, obscuring from him the inscription he knew to be there, the inscription he knew could save the world.
Weariness assailed him, fatigue draining his very will to stand.  It was time to find out the truth, to know once and for all.  Atreus fell heavily to his knees, slumping into the sand.  The unshielded sun struck the stone portal, illuminating the ancient script and defining the etchings that had lain buried beneath the Empty Quarter for over three thousand years.
He had found it.  Without question or doubt, he had found the Holiest of Holies.  The search was over, or at least it should have been.  Atreus relived his ordeal since jumping from the plane into the maw of the sandstorm.  The physical thrill of escaping death, the rising doubts of his own convictions and then the exhilaration of discovery, all combining to form his own Homeric epic.  Now, finally, the climax had come, though all was not as he had hoped.
Atreus lolled in the sand.  For the first time in his life he experienced the soul-sapping weight of defeat.  His head slumped to his chest and inspiration fled from his mind.  Atreus was beaten and there was nothing he could do about it.
	
*          *          *

After laying out the parachute canopy as a signal for his planned rescue, Atreus began meticulously scouting the complex of ruined walls, attempting to imagine every building and every roadway in their original form when the city had been a thriving hub of trade and prosperity during the golden era of the Frankincense Trail.  Much of the ruins were now either buried below the desert floor or eroded clean with little detail left to record.  Having only the light of his torch and the half moon overhead to search by and the added pressure of the quickly receding hours, the task appeared Herculean if not pointless.  Atreus could not give up though.  Everything was at stake; absolutely everything.
Stepping out from a cluster of crumbling walls, he looked around and found himself now on the far northern side of the lost city.  Atreus sighed.  This was the second time he’d arrived at this very spot and both times he’d come to the same conclusion.  He had no idea about anything.
Fighting rising despondency, Atreus sat down on a low, thick wall and allowed his mind to refresh.  Wandering like this was achieving nothing.  For the tenth time he wished he’d been able to prolong his descent under canopy to gain a better aerial perspective, but survival was more important at the time.  So instead, Atreus tried to visualise the entire citadel from what little information he had gleaned over the last hour or so of walking amidst the ruins.
The likely resting place of the key would be an important building such as a palace or a temple, and that usually meant something big.  So far all he had found were small interconnected buildings grouped together, much like a typical village.  Perhaps this was not the big citadel he had presumed it to be and it was instead a tiny outpost on the edge of the desert?  Had he got it all wrong?
Checking his watch, Atreus estimated he probably had another two to three hours left before dawn.  Standing up, he absently looked either side of him and decided that with no further insight, wandering still seemed to be the best approach.  Maybe he would get lucky; the eternal motto of archaeologists.
Turning to his right, Atreus fished the compass from his pocket and pointed it parallel to the wall he had just been sitting on.  Due west.  Convenient.  With his torch shining along the structure, Atreus ambled off, his mind recreating the citadel in its hay day with every step he took.
Ten minutes later he suddenly stopped, though he did not know why.  Something odd was going on, something regarding the wall Atreus had just been following.  If he had been paying attention instead of dreaming of Arabian queens and streets paved with gold he might have spotted it earlier, but what was it?
Raising the compass, Atreus checked his orientation and found that he was now facing due east.  His brow crinkled.  Shining his torch on the wall, the structure remained on the same side of him as when he had started walking, which meant he had been walking beside a relatively long and unbroken length of wall in the form of a half-circle without even knowing it.  Keeping his attention on the feature, Atreus now registered its unusually large girth of well over three metres.  The wall’s very long length and extra width could only mean one thing.  This building was big; very, very big.
Atreus shone the torch further along the wall to confirm it continued on its easterly path and sure enough, it did.  His heart rate started to canter and his waning hope began to rise to the challenge.  He was on to something.
Now, instead of walking and day dreaming, Atreus started to jog as best he could in the soft sand, his gaze fixed keenly on the stonework leading him further into the darkness.  Two minutes later, the structure disappeared beneath the sand dune imprisoning the salt-mound.  Checking his compass again it now pointed southeast.
‘Looking good, Trey,’ he announced to the desert night.  ‘You’ve got a sniff.’
Retracing his steps and using the compass, Atreus returned to the point where he had made the revelation and, based on his grasp of geometry, reckoned he should be standing at the northernmost point of the half-circle.  Turning ninety degrees to face exactly south, Atreus decided to test his hypothesis.
At a brisk, but controlled pace, Atreus strode in measured steps in an exactly southerly direction.  The wall vanished into the night behind him, leaving Atreus in a completely vacant patch of desert.  He could see no ruins from here even with his torch meaning he was traversing a large empty space, the realisation further fuelling his excitement.
A few minutes later after carefully counting his steps, Atreus found the wall again, this time on the opposite side to where he had started.  Turning to his right, the compass shifted ninety degrees to point due west.  There was no doubt.  It was a circle, or at the very least an oval.  The wall he had found formed what seemed to be a very large curved structure with virtually nothing inside of it.  Judging the length of his individual strides to be roughly one metre each, Atreus estimated the width of the enclosure to be approximately two hundred metres.  His eyes widened and his bottom jaw dropped.  An image sprang from his mental archives.
‘Temple Awam, the Sabaean Temple of the Sun,’ he whispered in reference to the massive structure discovered at Marib in neighbouring Yemen; the ruins widely purported to be the home of the Queen of Sheba and the same location where Winston’s clay tablet had been unearthed.
Sustaining the image in his head, Atreus noted that the unearthed ruins of Temple Awam consisted primarily of a colossal, ovaloid-shaped enclosure wall with an attached peristyle hall containing a pattern of closely clustered pillars.  However, the most important feature of the complex, the single purpose for which it had been built, remained hidden.  The Holiest of Holies.  This chamber would be the location of the sacred shrine and it would also have housed the most reverent of their religious icons.  It was this chamber which Atreus now needed to find here, in this ruined temple.
Atreus trolled his brain for every detail he had ever read or heard about Temple Awam.  Measurements calculated the main enclosure wall to be about two hundred and fifty metres in circumference, which meant that in comparison, the structure he had just found here was probably more than twice that in size.
The other striking feature of the Temple of the Sun at Marib was the line of eight, towering pillars marking the entrance into the peristyle hall, their enduring presence in the Yemeni desert a testament to the ancient building skills of the Sabaean people.  Atreus cursed himself for being an unobservant dolt.  He could have walked right past the remains of any similar pillars during his mindless amble along the wall and not even realised it.
Heading west again along the wall, Atreus moved much more carefully this time, methodically taking a few paces and playing the torch light around for signs of any change in the wall structure.  It was agonisingly slow, but he had to be sure.  Any minor detail could lead him to the Holiest of Holies and possibly to the second key.  There would be no second chance now.  Amherst had probably been delayed by the sandstorm, but with the weather having cleared, it was guaranteed he would come looking first thing in the morning.  Atreus just hoped Theo arrived first.
The wall protruded only about a half to one metre above the undulating sand.  How far it continued beneath was a mystery, but this merest of remains was enough to denote the wall’s massive scale.  The huge stone blocks were perfectly stacked and hewn with such precision that the enclosure curved flawlessly in a grand, continuous arc.  Atreus now also discovered the vague remnants of ancient inscriptions scattered along the wall’s length.  He recognised the font as Sabaean in origin, but unfortunately couldn’t read it.  Patroclus was the linguistics expert in the family.  Atreus vowed to address this deficiency if he managed to survive this ordeal.  Like he had said to Eric, it was never too late to get a good education.
Then something changed.  Atreus halted.  The wall had broken.  On his first circumspection he had put the gap down to increased damage and erosion, but upon closer examination the wall did indeed end cleanly then restart about ten metres further on.  Could it be a doorway?
Atreus checked his compass again.  The tangent from the wall was now angled exactly north-south, meaning he was standing at the western extremity of the enclosure.  Could it be possible that this western entrance to the temple was aligned with the setting of the sun?  Possibly a coincidence, but archaeology rarely afforded the convenience.
Closer examination of the wall ends revealed more inscriptions both inside and outside.  These markings were also much more elaborate than the others he had found around the wall, suggesting greater import, but without being able to read anything, Atreus still could not ascertain for certain if this was indeed a temple of similar design to Temple Awam.  He needed more evidence.
Turning outwards from the newly discovered entrance, Atreus traced the torchlight over the sand.  Pacing one step at a time, he moved further away from the doorway, continuing his search and following his suspicions.  Then he saw it.
About thirty metres out from the entrance, Atreus spied a large, single limestone rock resting on the surface of the sand.  Kneeling down to examine it, he noted its odd, pointed shape.  Two sides of the stone were perfectly smooth having obviously been carved into a square, whilst the remainder of the rock was irregular and broken.  Holding the beam of light on the rock, Atreus carefully dug out the smooth side.  As he pulled the sand clear, his heart rate leapt.  He started to dig more quickly, the torchlight shaking as he did.
A minute or so later he stopped.  A large pile of sand lay beside the freshly excavated rock.  Atreus sat back, his breathing heavy, but his spirits soaring.  It was now beyond doubt what he had found.  The stone was not just a rock resting in the sand.  It was a column.  A massive pillar buried below the sand, exactly the same as at Temple Awam.
Rising to his feet, Atreus moved two metres to the north and found another similar limestone protrusion.  Moving further on, he found another one.  Atreus continued his exploration until he had found a total of eight, identical pillars, the same number as at the entrance to the Temple of the Sun at Marib.  He had found it.  This was no village after all.  He had found the lost city of the Queen of Sheba.
Smiling like a kid who had just found fifty bucks on the ground, Atreus returned to the entrance to the enclosure, adrenalin infusing him, his earlier despondency snuffed out.  The second key had to be here.  All he had to do was find it, but to do that, he would need to find the Holiest of Holies, but where to start looking?
Standing on the threshold of the ruined entrance, Atreus considered his options.  He could think of two possibilities.  The shrine would either be in the very centre of the huge open expanse inside the enclosure or up against the centre of the far eastern wall.  The second option did not appeal as the entire eastern extremity of the temple now lay beneath the recently migrated sand dune imprisoning the salt mound.  Atreus had neither the means nor the time to go digging in there, which left only one option, the very centre.
Atreus held his compass up and faced due east.  Keeping a close eye on the needle, he started walking across the vast, empty space, moving the torchlight across the sand in front of him.  He was close now.  He could feel it.
Continuing forward, Atreus fastidiously checked every mound of sand and every piece of rubble.  Counting his steps he estimated he was now in the very central reaches of the enclosure.  It had to be here somewhere.  Still he walked.  Nothing revealed itself.  Atreus strained his eyes even harder, double-taking on every pebble, looking twice at any minute change in sand colour, but nothing came of it.
Soon the sand started to rise and Atreus looked up to see the looming outline of the salt-mound standing sentinel within the powerful embrace of the sand dune.  Using his step count, he calculated he had probably traversed almost three-quarters of the enclosure’s interior, the remaining quarter lying buried beyond his reach.  He had gone as far as he could, but Atreus was still empty-handed.
Dismissing the chance of failure, Atreus turned around and with renewed intensity, retraced his steps.  This time he stopped more frequently, analysing even the slightest inflection in the sandy surface.  Stooping to his hands and knees he frequently paused to make minor excavations based on the tiniest suspicion of hidden clues.  Nothing would escape him this time.
Soon he returned to the very centre of the enclosure and still nothing had presented itself.  Desperation bubbled up.  He second-guessed his approach.  Maybe the Holiest of Holies was actually buried at the eastern extremity of the enclosure?  Maybe Atreus’ luck had finally run out?
Then the sand crunched beneath his left foot, a sound more akin to tyres on a gravel road than the soft, squash of desert sand.  Without lifting his foot, Atreus ground the sediment underneath the sole of his boot to try and recreate the suspicious sound.  There it was again.  Freezing, adrenalin pumped afresh.  He had found something.
Dropping to his knees and aiming the torchlight squarely at the imprint of his left foot, Atreus gingerly prodded the spot.  Something hard lay beneath the sand.  Whisking his free hand back and forth across the area, Atreus cleared a small patch, his pulse quickening with every second.  After a minute or so, he leaned in and blew the dust free.  Then leaning back he surveyed the fruits of his miniature dig.  A blooming smile matched his ecstatic mood.
‘Bingo!’ Atreus called out.  ‘We have a winner!’
The cleared sand framed an inscription, the angular, stick-like runes etched into a black, basaltic base, starkly dissimilar to the enclosure’s much lighter-coloured, limestone blocks.  The distinction in material and the presence of the writing clearly marked the site as something significant, its presence in the very heart of the enclosure adding further weight to its import.  Atreus required no further impetus.
Putting the torch in his mouth to free both hands, he swept the sand away in great handfuls, madly clearing the space as quickly as he could.  Hope drove him on.  This could only be the Holiest of Holies.  Atreus allowed himself no other conclusion.  He had found the second key and beaten Amherst to it.
As he burrowed, Atreus failed to notice the velvety cover of night slide slowly below the western horizon.  His exertions consumed him, his earlier exhaustion relegated behind his frantic enthusiasm.  He had no time to be tired.  He had only time for digging.
Two hours later he stopped.  Atreus straightened and pushed himself to his feet, aches and pains erupting throughout his body.  The physical toll of the previous fifteen hours wracked his entire frame.  He could do no more.  He was spent, but at least he was finished.  Standing there in the pre-dawn in the vast, hopeless wastelands of the Rub al Khali, Atreus looked down on the conclusion of his efforts.
It was a shrine.  The swelling light of the new day illuminated a perfectly square, basalt frame measuring five metres along each side and a half metre in width with deep, well preserved Sabaean inscriptions running along each length.  Atreus could not read the script, but it was not the font that confirmed his theory that this was the Holiest of Holies, it was the imagery with it.
Each corner of the frame bore an etched symbol, a hexagonal shape with a central orb like a jewel set inside an unadorned plinth.  It was a somewhat crude replication, but Atreus recognised the symbol instantly.  It was the second key.
Dawn broke behind him.  Slumping to the sand, Atreus allowed the rising sun to flow past him and over the dark slab, the inscriptions and symbols instantly etching more deeply beneath the cast of golden light.  Atreus’ mind reeled.  He had succeeded, but he had also failed.  In the full light of day, the dismal end of his quest became painfully clear.  This was a result not even he had considered.
The basalt frame outlined a sunken recess, which had originally been covered by a huge slab of matching coloured rock.  The slab would have housed and protected the second key, but now it was broken, smashed to pieces.  Shining his torch inside the gaping vestibule, Atreus had found the shattered remains of the massive cover still lying within, and nothing else.  The vestibule was empty.  The second key was gone.
Slumped amidst the ruins of the lost city, Atreus stared blankly at the desecrated remains of the second key’s last known refuge, wondering whether it had been plundered in antiquity or more recently?  What did it matter?  It was gone and he had no idea what to do next.  Atreus let his head sag to his chest.
Then he heard it, a sound, distant yet unmistakable.  A helicopter.  Atreus raised his head and looked away over the sands towards the south.  Now it was truly over.  He was either going home in defeat or going nowhere at all, ever again.  Either Theo had come to rescue him or Amherst had arrived, looking for blood.  All Atreus could do was wait.  Wait and pray.

39.

The hulking US Army Pave Hawk powered across the flat, gravel plains, its mighty rotors tearing a path through the shimmering early light.  Patroclus sat motionless inside, transfixed by the endless emptiness all around them, trying to imagine what madness had possessed the legendary Wilfred Thesiger to traverse and almost perish in this ancient wasteland over half a century ago.
‘We’ve got movement on the radar, sir,’ the co-pilot announced through the headset.
Patroclus’ head flicked forward.
‘What’s the vector, Captain?’ Theo demanded.
‘Bogey’s twenty kilometres to the rear, shadowing us.’
‘Keep an eye on them.  If they get any closer let me know.’
‘Yes, sir.’
‘Who do you think it is, Theo?’ Patroclus asked much more loudly than he needed to, forgetting about the omnipotent communication system in everyone’s helmets.
‘No idea, Pat, and there’s no need to shout.  You might frighten Sergeant Hubert,’ Theo said, jerking a thumb at the soldier sitting in front of the port side mini-gun.  Patroclus’ head whipped around to lock onto the gunner.  ‘Relax,’ Theo added.  ‘I know it’s a cliché, but these boys do this for a living.  You’ve got nothing to worry about.’
Patroclus nodded, but now that he knew they were being followed, the life and death experiences of the previous few days rushed back into his imagination, his self-confidence cowering.  Theo clapped him on the shoulder and smiled.  Patroclus did not feel any better for it.
‘Sir?’ interjected the co-pilot.  ‘We’ve got a second bogey on the radar.’
‘Location?’ Theo quizzed, his attention immediately abandoning Patroclus.
‘Dead ahead, sir, smack on the target coordinates.  He’s right where we’re headed, about sixty clicks northwest.’
‘Get on the deck, Major.  Nap of the Earth,’ Theo commanded.  ‘Cas?  Pat?  Hold on.’
Patroclus instinctively held his breath and gripped his seat.  With a suddenness bordering on rudeness, the Pave Hawk dropped sharply towards the gravel plain.  Patroclus’ stomach rammed upwards into his throat as raw fear glued his eyesight to the rapidly rising earth outside the door.  He prepared for the worst, fully expecting them to plough head first into the desert floor.
‘Easy, Pat,’ Theo said calmly, a state of mind Patroclus had fully discarded in place of abject terror.  ‘Stop worrying.  Like I said, these boys do this twenty-four-seven.’
‘Why are we down so low?’
‘We’re getting underneath the radar to avoid detection.  We’ve got two unidentified bogeys out there, one behind us and another at Trey’s location.  This Amherst character might have beaten us to your brother, in which case, if there are going to be any nasty surprises I’d rather it was us doing the surprising.’
‘Orders, sir?’ the pilot asked.
‘Turn due north here and hold that heading until we get level with the target.  Then we’ll swing in directly from the east and have a look see, but stay at ground level the whole way.’
‘Yes, sir.  Turning north now,’ the pilot replied as he manoeuvred the Pave Hawk into a smooth right turn.
Patroclus sat quietly in his seat doing his best to ignore the blur of desert just outside the cabin.  He honestly didn’t know what was going on, but he couldn’t help noticing Theo’s mirrored visor slide towards the gunner.  Anxiety clawed its way up Patroclus’ spine.
‘What are you thinking, Theo?’ Patroclus asked, his tone shaky.
‘Just checking our insurance policy,’ he replied without turning back to face him.
Patroclus’ open mouth failed to produce an answer before the co-pilot’s voice again cut in over the microphone.  ‘Smoke at ten o’clock, sir.’
Theo leaned forward to look through the windshield past the two pilots.  A burgeoning plume of thick, black smoke billowed over the horizon to the left of their current heading, the ugly column staining the clear dawn sky.
‘What’s your estimate, gentlemen?’ he asked the two pilots.
‘Looks like it’s coming from the same locale as the target and our second bogey.’
‘Probably right.  Stick to the plan, Major,’ Theo instructed, ‘but get ready for evasive action,’ 
‘Yes, sir,’ the pilot curtly replied.
Theo turned back to the gunner who was leaning out the port side door to gain a better view of the curling smoke.  Tapping him on the shoulder, he drew the soldier’s attention back into the cabin.
‘I don’t expect any trouble, Sergeant,’ Theo started, ‘but if I give the word, you light up whatever I tell you to.’
‘Roger that, sir,’ Sergeant Hubert complied before turning back to look at the smoke.
Patroclus’ mind raced.  It had all happened so fast.  One unknown aircraft sneaking up behind them.  Another unknown aircraft in front of them.  A smoking fire where Trey was apparently waiting for them and Theo putting his gunner on alert.  What were they getting themselves into?  They still didn’t even know if Trey was alive or buried beneath the remnants of yesterday’s sandstorm.  This was way out of control.
Patroclus looked across at Cassandra.  She hadn’t moved, her gaze frozen on the column of smoke.  Patroclus shook his head.  How did she do it?  How did she stay so calm when all he could do was imagine the absolute worst?  Patroclus closed his eyes, seeking to calm himself, but all he managed to do was conjure up an endless string of disasters, all of them finishing very, very badly.

40.

The Agusta A109 skimmed across the wadi-riddled gravel plains as the soft light of dawn flooded the broad, flat expanses.  Lord Amherst sat up front with the pilot, distancing himself from his henchman, Enzo who sat in the rear cabin.  Lord Amherst had remained silent since boarding the aircraft at first light in Al Ghaidah; his departure from that God-forsaken hovel of a village an enormous relief.  Refusing to even sleep for risk of being assaulted or robbed by the locals, the only thing keeping Lord Amherst’s stinging eyes open this morning was the prospect of finding the second key and securing his extraterrestrial reward.  Not even sleep deprivation could restrain his enthusiasm so near to closure.
After having spoken only a few words to the pilot, Lord Amherst had been impressed with the man’s knowledge of the local area.  After showing him the map on the clay tablet, the young Arab had immediately recognised the layout and identified the dot with the camel depiction to be Ubar.  That seemed to be all the information he needed to guide them to the second dot with the picture of the second key next to it.  The young Arab also had no qualms about crossing the border from Yemen to Oman, even after learning there was a chance of trouble on the other side.  For once, it seemed he had hired someone who might actually be useful.
‘Tell me, Hassan,’ Lord Amherst asked his pilot, ‘where in this ghastly part of the world does a gentleman like yourself acquire a helicopter pilot’s licence?’
‘California,’ the younger, dark-skinned man evenly returned with a mixed Arab-American accent, ‘and I didn’t acquire it.  I passed my exams and earned it.’
Lord Amherst smiled, pleased that his barb had not gone unnoticed.  ‘So you learned to fly in the United States and have since returned to enrich your people with the fruits of your skill and knowledge?  How noble.  I suppose if you’d stayed here with your countless brothers and sisters you’d still be a simple goat-herder just like them?’
 Hassan’s eyes narrowed.  Lord Amherst basked in the tense pause preceding the Yemeni’s carefully chosen reply.  ‘My uncle offered me a job as his personal pilot.  I couldn’t really turn him down after he paid for my flying tuition.’
‘That’s something I’m curious about.  How is it a lowly desert-dweller like your uncle can afford a military aircraft of this calibre in this part of the world?’ Lord Amherst waved offhand to the surrounding wasteland.  ‘Is the camel trade booming?’
This time Hassan chuckled at the open scorn, knowing that if the comment had been made directly to his uncle or anyone else of Yemeni descent, social grace would permit nothing short of a firing squad.  Hassan’s time in the United States had at least educated him to the arrogance of the Western psyche.
‘This may be the desert, your Lordship, but my uncle is leader of his tribe, which makes him the richest man in this part of the world,’ the pilot replied, mimicking Lord Amherst’s words, tone and even his gesture.  ‘He may not be as rich as you, but out here he is King and despite his remoteness, he knows how to make a buck.’
‘Oil I assume?’
‘Not in direct production, but he has shares in companies such as Exxon and BP.  That’s only a small percentage of his income though.  From time to time he dabbles in other means.’
‘Such as?’
‘What are you worth, your Lordship?’ Hassan asked, casting a sideways glance across the cabin.  ‘How much would your family pay to have you back?’
Lord Amherst grinned and nodded.  ‘Kidnapping and extortion, hey?  So your uncle’s nothing more than a common pirate?’
‘In these parts he’s an entrepreneur.’
‘Of course he is.  What’s his preferred booty?’
‘Tourists.  Oilfield workers.  The government dislikes it when people like these go missing.  It’s bad publicity, but for my uncle, well, let’s just say he usually profits rather nicely from waylaying the odd westerner,’ Hassan replied.  ‘He never hurts anyone though.  God-forbid.  That would be disrespectful and my uncle is, despite his short-comings, an honourable man.  He usually puts his guests in his best tent and entertains them for a few days while somebody works up the ransom.  Then when the money arrives he lets them go untouched, except if they’re driving a Toyota Landcruiser.  He likes Landcruisers, so he’ll insist they leave the car behind as a token of gratitude for his hospitality.’
‘Well, well, it seems your uncle and I share a certain grain of character after all.  I rescind my innuendo.’
‘How much further to go, boss?’ shouted Enzo from the rear cabin.
‘It seems the natives are getting restless,’ Lord Amherst hissed, ‘but a fair question none the less.’
Hassan retrieved a map from a pocket in the door and partially unfolded it.  Cross-checking the GPS readout on the instrument panel with the map coordinates, he confirmed his suspicions.
‘Should be almost there,’ he replied.  ‘Another five minutes maybe?’
‘Are you certain we haven’t been tracked?’ Lord Amherst asked.
‘We’ve been crop-dusting the gravel plain ever since we crossed the mountains out of Al Ghaidah, so I doubt if anyone could have picked us up.’
‘You’re sure those things are loaded?’ Enzo shouted from behind in reference to the two 7.62 mini-guns attached to the outboard pylons on either side of the aircraft.
‘Guns are a national past time in Yemen, my friend.  You never leave home without one and you always make sure it’s loaded.  Something my uncle taught me.’
‘Your uncle’s a smart man,’ Lord Amherst commented.
‘My uncle is a warlord and an old one at that, which proves he is both wise and very good at what he does.’
Lord Amherst nodded thoughtfully, then peered over the instrument panel in front.  ‘What’s that up ahead, Hassan?’ he asked.
Hassan straightened in his seat and peered forward as well, scanning the ground for signs of Lord Amherst’s query.  In the distance he made out the reddish gold fringe of the Rub al Khali dune sea, the smudgy verge stretching continuously across the horizon, except in one place.
‘A blue-green patch of desert?  That’s odd,’ Hassan agreed.  ‘He double-checked the GPS readout again and then returned his gaze to the horizon.  ‘It looks like it’s exactly where we’re going too.  You’ve got good eyes for an older man, your Lordship.’
‘All part of being a wise, old warlord, Hassan’ Lord Amherst replied.
Hassan nodded in acknowledgement.  He then checked over the armaments readouts and nestled more comfortably into his seat.  His comment about never leaving home without a loaded gun was true, but the part he declined to add was that in Yemen, you always had to be prepared to pull the trigger as well.  Fortunately he had never had any trouble with that.

41.

Atreus could now see the approaching helicopter flying in low over the gravel plains, shimmering amidst the thickening heat haze, the rising sun glinting off the aircraft’s right-side windows.  Squinting into the light, he could not make out the type of helicopter, so he had no idea if it was Theo or Amherst, friend or foe.  Frowning, Atreus weighed up his options and decided to hide just in case it was Amherst, after all it was better to try to be safe than eternally sorry.
Looking about, he quickly surmised that his potential hiding places were limited.  He could crouch behind one of the meagre, ruined walls, but if Amherst did a reconnaissance flight over the whole complex first, he would be easily discovered.  He could also bury himself in the sand and lay hidden until Amherst left or Theo arrived, but that potentially meant lying under the sand for hours and with the temperature quickly rising, he would be roasted alive.  This left only one possibility, the Holiest of Holies.
Atreus knew he could fit into the pit if he really wanted to, but Amherst would stick his head in there sooner or later.  The man was not the most intelligent of creatures, but even he would know a sacred shrine when it was sticking out of the sand like a sore thumb.  The other reason for Atreus’ reticence to scramble into the hole was that even though it had been relieved of its archaeological riches, another form of wealth had been emplaced over time.
Upon uncovering the broken slab, an over-powering smell of petroleum had bloomed out.  Looking in the recess, Atreus had found the fragments of the smashed basalt cover resting in a thick, inky pool.  Immediately Atreus remembered his comment about how salt domes were often associated with oil accumulations and deep-seated fractures.  He also remembered his comment about the lost city maybe being founded on the presence of spring waters bubbling up from artesian aquifers below, but if the fractures accessed even deeper into the subsurface, they might have penetrated an oil trap instead?  Along with being immensely wealthy from her frankincense monopoly, the Queen of Sheba may also have been history’s first oil baron, or baroness in this case?
However, the discovery had failed to boost Atreus’ spirits.  By risking his life against ridiculous odds, he had found both the lost city and an untapped oil reserve, but these were meaningless without the second key.  He had failed and now there was every chance Amherst was on his way to end it once and for all.  Why should he bother fighting?
Dejectedly, Atreus watched the helicopter grow larger, the chopping sound of its rotors steadily increasing.  Retrieving his goggles from a pocket in his jumpsuit, he put them on to protect his eyes from the imminent downdraft of the rotor blades.  Atreus then dragged himself to his feet and stood waiting, wondering if the aircraft represented a comfortable ride home or a sad, lonely demise in the southern Arabian Desert?  A minute later he had his answer.
The mud-brown helicopter swung around to Atreus’ left and approached the eastern edge of the temple ruins in a wide arc.  Once there, it slipped past the salt-dome and skimmed the top of the sand dune to eventually hover inside the far eastern end of the enclosure wall; the early morning sun ascending directly behind it.  Atreus unconsciously backed around to the other side of the Holiest of Holies, strategically positioning it between him and the aircraft.  A blast of air surged forward from the rotors’ downdraft and a cloud of fine sand whisked over him.
From the front-on profile, Atreus made out a relatively slender cabin shape with two mini-gun pylons on either side.  Checking through his mental archives of helicopter makes, he matched it against an Agusta A109, which meant only one thing.  It wasn’t Theo.  It was Amherst.  Atreus sighed.  His luck had well and truly abandoned him.
The Agusta held its ground, hovering like a wild cat preparing to pounce.  The tinted windscreen denied Atreus a clear view of the interior, but he knew that somewhere in there Amherst would be smiling like a school kid on prom night.  If only he knew the heartache that lay in the open hole at Atreus’ feet?  That would wipe the grin off his face.
The Agusta gently settled onto the sand and with the rotors still spinning, a side door slid open.  The familiar figure of Enzo appeared, an Uzi machine gun slung over his shoulder.  Atreus smiled.  The man was a Hollywood stereotype for bad guys with his nasty little attitude and lust for dispensing pain.  Then a second figure emerged and Atreus’ smile vanished, his blood instantly gluing in his veins.  It couldn’t be?  The man was dead.
Despite the second man’s need to hunch over to avoid the whirling rotors, Atreus immediately recognised him.  It was a man he would never forget because just three nights ago in Jerusalem on a rain-soaked street, he had shared some close and horribly personal contact with him.  It was the monster, Tito.
Atreus unconsciously took a step back as he watched the two henchmen walk forward from the helicopter.  As they cleared the danger zone of the blades, Tito straightened to his full, gargantuan height.  A flash of light glinted in the giant’s right hand, simultaneously bringing a lump to Atreus’ throat.  The object could only be the same ghastly hunting knife Tito had threatened to eviscerate Atreus with in the back of the van.  Atreus’ sluggishness instantly evaporated.   He needed a plan to gain time.  Theo had to be on the way to rescue him, but if Atreus didn’t stay alive long enough, there wouldn’t be anyone to rescue.
Zipping open a pocket on the right thigh of his jumpsuit, Atreus pulled out a small object.  Then keeping the object concealed in the clenched fist of his right hand, he put both fists on his hips and waited for the two villains to reach him.
Enzo and Tito stopped directly opposite Atreus with the smashed remains of the Holiest of Holies separating them.  A stand-off ensued.  Atreus waited for the obligatory gloating from the curly-haired crony, but nothing came.  Instead the two men just stood there, Enzo pointing his Uzi at Atreus, while Tito gleefully stroked his insanely over-sized knife.  The inactivity became ridiculous.
‘So, how’s it going, fellahs?’ Atreus offered.  ‘Got to say, I didn’t figure you two to be the desert type.  I had you both for figured for foot massages by the pool sorts of blokes.’
Silence.  The sand stirred around their feet.
‘Okay then, how about them Broncos?’ Atreus blithered on.  ‘I hear they had another win last week.  They’re a big chance this year.  Might just go all the way and I hear they’ve got a big Italian base.  You know it’s great the way game’s gone multicultural and...’
Then Enzo raised his left hand, silencing Atreus.  The passenger side door of the helicopter swung open and out stepped Lord Amherst.  Turning to face Atreus, the old man grinned and began making his way across the sand.  Atreus could already sense arrogance in the man’s gait.  Wait until he finds out the cupboard is bare, Atreus thought.
Stepping up between his two cronies, Lord Amherst looked first at Atreus and then down to the broken shrine, where he immediately noticed the distinct symbology of the second key.  His grin grew even wider.
‘Nice of you to drop by, Freddy,’ Atreus called out.  ‘Any chance of a lift home?’
Lord Amherst looked up.  ‘Atreus Knight.  Ever the joker,’ he replied.  ‘I guess I should thank you?’
‘Why do something nice like that?  It’ll spoil your bad boy image.’
‘It’s the least I can do,’ Amherst replied shrugging.  ‘You’ve probably saved me some time and some digging by the looks of it.  I could have spent days out here looking for this shrine and not found anything, but you, well, you did what I would have said was just about impossible.’
‘Nothing’s impossible, mate, besides, you should give yourself some credit.  After all, it was your threat of torture the other night that inspired me.’
‘Maybe, but all things considered, with your having bolted out here into the desert, skydived down ahead of a sandstorm, discovered these ruins and finally unearthed what may be the world’s most precious artefact, it really does seem a shame that I now have to rob and kill you.’
‘You don’t say?’ Atreus replied.
‘So, let’s get on with it.  Hand over the second key and I’ll be on my way,’ Amherst demanded.
‘You know I would, but I can’t,’ Atreus answered, shaking his head.
‘Come now, Atreus.  Let’s be mature about this.  We can either do it the easy way or you can force me to be unpleasant.  I know which way I would prefer.’
‘Me too, but I still can’t give you the key.’
Lord Amherst bowed his head and shook it.  ‘You will persist in being difficult won’t you?’
‘Sorry to put you out, old boy, but whether you think I’m being difficult or otherwise doesn’t matter.  I can’t give you the key, because it’s simply not here.’
‘Atreus, I’ve come too far to play silly games,’ Lord Amherst warned, his agitation rising.  ‘Just hand over the key.’
‘Open your ears, Lord Thick-As-Two-Bricks,’ Atreus retorted, his own frustration flaring.  ‘I said, the key’s not here!’
Lord Amherst stared unflinchingly back, his face plastered with fury.  ‘You have five seconds to give me the key,’ he ordered, ‘or this grotty, little Italian will put a bullet through your right kneecap.’
Enzo leered as he reaffirmed the grip on his Uzi.
Atreus rolled his eyes and looked away.  ‘Talk about not being the sharpest tool in the shed,’ he said to the air.  Returning his gaze across the hole, he raised both hands.  ‘Look, before you start taking pot shots at my anatomy, let me explain something to you.’
Lord Amherst folded his arms and glowered.  ‘Be quick.’
‘Look around us, Einstein.  See that wall?’  Atreus asked, sweeping his hands out to indicate the ruined, enclosure wall of the temple.  Lord Amherst begrudgingly complied.  ‘That’s all that’s left of the city’s temple; a temple just like the one in Marib where the clay tablet comes from.  Now, look down here,’ Atreus continued, pointing at the pit.  ‘See that hole?  That’s the temple’s sacred shrine, the Holiest of Holies.  It used to be covered by a basalt slab at least half a metre thick.  The remains of that slab are lying inside the hole.  You know why?  Because it’s broken.  Shattered is perhaps a better description, but the point is, there’s no way I could’ve moved that slab on my own let alone break it with my bare hands, so that can mean only one thing, can’t it, Sherlock.  Somebody beat me to it and that somebody was probably an invading tribe or army from hundreds if not thousands of years ago, who pillaged everything in sight, including the Holiest of Holies and I think even you can work out what was inside there can’t you and what’s now no longer there?’
Lord Amherst’s gaze slid down to the pit, his face hardening with every second that his wordless stare continued.  In the background, the Agusta’s rotors continued slicing the air, gently stirring the sand about the enclosure.  In the sky, the sun floated higher, forcing the temperature to creep.
Atreus directed a furtive glance to the south, hoping to see Theo come charging over the plains with the US cavalry in tow.  No such luck.  He was still on his own.  He couldn’t delay Amherst much longer, so soon he would have to attempt his back-up plan; a plan he had no expectation of working, but none-the-less had to try.  Atreus squeezed the object in his right fist, hoping he would not have to use it.
‘If you don’t believe me, stick your head in there and have a look for yourself?’ Atreus suggested.
Lord Amherst’s gaze rose from the pit to fix onto him.  After a few seconds of scrutiny he called out, ‘Tito?  Put that ridiculous knife away and have a look in there to see if he’s telling the truth.’
Tito looked first at Lord Amherst and then across to Atreus.  He then looked down at the pit, his eyes squinting, but did not move.
Lord Amherst uncrossed his arms and turned to face Enzo, his right hand held out palm-up.  ‘Give me your pistol,’ he ordered.  Enzo frowned and after a moment’s pause, unclipped his shoulder holster and gave the hand gun over.  Lord Amherst expertly flicked off the safety and turned around to face Tito, pointing the gun at the giant man.  ‘Now, either look inside that hole,’ he ordered, ‘or I’ll leave your corpse out here to roast in the desert.  Can I be any clearer than that?’
Tito scowled, the reaction sending a rampant chill through Atreus’ body.  The huge man glared at his employer, death lancing from his eyes.  Lord Amherst merely stood there, the gun steady in his hand, the monster’s threat failing to unsettle him.  Tito relented.  He slid his knife back into the sheath strapped to his thigh and lumbered forward to investigate the basalt chamber.
‘And Atreus,’ Lord Amherst said as he redirected his aim across the shrine towards him, ‘if there really is nothing in there, Tito’s next task will be to carve you into bite-size pieces.  My patience with you has finally come to an end.’
Atreus believed it.  He now needed his plan to work and he also needed Theo to turn up at any second.  If either of these things failed, he was a dead man.
Tito lowered himself to his knees on the lip of the recess and bent his head down.  Suddenly he jerked back, his nostrils flaring with the sickly stench of hydrocarbons.  The downdraft of the helicopter had been pushing the smell of petroleum away from Amherst and his men, so this was Tito’s first indication of the noxious fumes.  He whisked his gaze back up at Lord Amherst who impatiently waved him back down with the pistol.
The big man snarled like a rabid dog.  Lord Amherst ignored him.  Enzo looked dubious, but remained unmoved, flicking his gaze between Atreus, Tito and Lord Amherst.  Meanwhile Atreus kept his hands on his hips, his fists clenched.  He could still feel the object lodged inside his right palm.  Not yet.
Baring his teeth, Tito growled once more.  Then taking a deep breath, bent further down and carefully put his head inside the pit.  Atreus looked up across the shrine.  Lord Amherst and Enzo were both focused on Tito.  No one was watching him.  It was time.  Atreus moved.
Uncurling his right hand, Atreus revealed the Zippo lighter Eric had thoughtfully provided with the other supplies.  In one swift movement, he flicked the lid open, scratched the flint-roller and ignited the wick.  Continuing the motion, he tossed the lighter towards the unsuspecting Tito.  Without waiting to see if his ploy had worked, Atreus dived to the side, adrenalin coursing through every inch of his body.
Lord Amherst and Enzo looked up, only to see Atreus launch himself sideways clear of the basalt shrine.  Their eyes then focused on the sailing Zippo, instantly noting its curving path towards Tito and the hole.  They had not smelled the petroleum, but instinct rammed realisation home.  Both men turned and leapt desperately away.
Tito sensed movement and flicked his head up.  The flying Zippo filled his vision, the shiny silver case and the flickering, yellow flame expanding in front of him.  He didn’t even have time to move.  All he had time to do was watch the lighter fall right past his face and into the dark, oil soaked chamber.
The last thing Atreus heard before crashing to the sand was the roaring rush of igniting air mixed with Tito’s gut-wrenching screams.

42.

The Pave Hawk edged forwards past the salt dome, the rotors’ downdraft gently dusting the crest of the dune beneath them.  To their left lay the shimmering, barren flats of the endless gravel plains, to their right, the golden lumps of the vast Rub al Khali dune sea.  In front lay their objective.  Somewhere on the ground was Atreus, but before they could collect him, dead or alive, they had another problem to overcome; a problem that would require bullets and guns.
Theo’s plan had paid off.  By altering their approach angle to come in from the east, they had arrived on the scene undetected.  Patroclus craned his neck to peer over Theo’s shoulder and out the windscreen of the Pave Hawk.  About a hundred metres ahead of them a second, mud, brown helicopter hovered, its back conveniently towards them.  In front of it, the smoke column they had seen from out on the gravel plains, billowed into the brightening sky.  Then, taking a closer look at the other helicopter, Patroclus cringed.  Protruding from both sides of it were two mini-guns, similar to the ones on the Pave Hawk.  It seems they were not the only ones carrying insurance into the desert.
‘Hold it here, Major,’ Theo ordered his pilot.  ‘Any further and our shadow will give us away.’
‘Do you think they know we’re behind them?’ Patroclus asked.
‘No.  If they did, we’d probably both be doing cart-wheels right now trying to knock each other off.’
‘Any sign of Trey?’
‘Not yet, but the Major did spot something bluey-green coloured on the sand further ahead to the left beyond the ruins.  Trey said he’d lay out his parachute canopy after landing, so that at least means he made it through the sandstorm.’
‘And the smoke?  Where is that coming from?’
‘No idea.  We can’t see anything through the Agusta up ahead.’
‘This Agusta,’ Patroclus queried, nodding towards the helicopter in front of them, ‘is it Omani military?’
‘Don’t think so.  I can’t see any insignia, so it’s probably privately-owned.’
‘Privately-owned?  Who owns a helicopter like that?’
‘Local warlord probably.  Tribal tensions get pretty hot down here this close to Yemen.  As for why it’s all the way out here, well, I can think of only one thing.  Amherst.  He’s rich enough to afford chartering it and from what you’ve told me, he’s in this game for keeps.’
Patroclus nodded.  ‘You can say that again.  So, what do we do now?’
‘We make an entrance.’
Patroclus glanced sharply at his friend.  ‘What about the second bogey coming in behind us?’
‘Let’s check out this character in front first.’
‘But what if they’re both hostile?’
‘Sergeant Hubert’s in charge of insurance,’ Theo said as he turned to the soldier manning the port side mini-gun.  ‘Get a bead on the Agusta, Sergeant and if I say so, start tearing it apart.’
‘Yes, sir.’
‘Sergeant Benson?’ Theo then said turning to the Flight Engineer, ‘break out an M-16 and sit yourself on the port side to keep an eye out for that second bogey coming in from the south.  Same deal.  If it kicks up a fuss when it gets here, take out anything you can.  We’re not taking any chances with these cowboys.’
‘Yes, sir,’ the man replied before claiming one of the matte black rifles from the weapons rack and kneeling on the lip of the left hand door.
‘Major,’ Theo continued to the pilot, ‘on my cue, start sneaking around to the starboard side of the Agusta.  We need to get a visual on the ground in front of it.  Give him plenty of space and take it slow and easy.  Make sure Sergeant Hubert has a clear angle on him at all times too.  This turkey could wig out any second, especially when he spots our shadow before he sees us, so stay sharp.’
‘Yes, sir.  Will do.’
Patroclus’ mind whirled.  Every instruction Theo had just given revolved around firing guns at people who would undoubtedly fire back at them.  A coarse tingle climbed up his spine.  His absolute worst fears were coming to life.
Theo suddenly turned around to face Cassandra and Patroclus, sliding up his mirrored visor as he did to reveal his granite-set features.  The next words he spoke were with urgency.
‘Cas?  Pat?  Look at me.’
Patroclus and Cassandra both lifted their own visors to allow Theo to look each of them squarely in the eye.
‘Just so you know,’ Theo continued, ‘things could get hairy from here on in.  If I get my way this guy in the Agusta will high-tail it out of here as soon as he sees us, but unfortunately, I don’t always get my way, so I want you to know that what I said before is true.  You couldn’t be in any safer hands right now than the gentlemen aboard this aircraft.  Keep your heads down and hold your cool as best you can.  One way or another, this’ll be over quicker than you can say Jiminy Cricket.’
Patroclus nodded woodenly.  He believed Theo’s assertions about the skill and surety of the crew around him, but guns had a bad habit of not behaving themselves in situations like these.  He looked across at Cassandra who unflinchingly stared back at Theo.  She had to be on the edge of reason.  How else could she remain so calm?  They still had no sign of Atreus and were now headed straight into a likely shoot-out with another heavily-armed helicopter.  He rolled his eyes and wished he’d not believed a word Atreus had said on the roof back in Jerusalem.
‘Put your visors back down and hold on,’ Theo instructed.  He watched them do so and then did a final check on their harnesses, ensuring they were strapped in tight.  He then pulled down his own visor and turned back to the front.  ‘Righto, Major.  Take us round, nice and steady.’
‘Yes, sir.’
The Pave Hawk first edged sideways to the right and then started pushing forward, bringing the hovering Agusta slowly alongside their left.  Sergeant Hubert swivelled his mini-gun as they moved, keeping it trained on the brown helicopter’s cockpit.  Their prey appeared oblivious to their stalking, holding its stationery position.
Theo momentarily unfixed his gaze from the Agusta to scan the ground ahead.  At the foot of the dune beneath them, there appeared a huge, elliptical enclosure, its dimensions roughly two hundred metres in width and half that again in length.  Featureless sand completely filled the arena except for the very centre where there lay a large, black-rimmed hole that had clearly been crudely excavated out of the desert floor.  The billowing plume of smoke belched upwards from this hole, obscuring the far half of the enclosure from the Pave Hawk.  Why the Agusta was holding stationery was not obvious, and then Theo saw it.
The smoke column momentarily thinned, allowing him a brief, unobstructed view of the entire area.  What he saw made him blink, twice.
A single, yellow-clad figure stood on the other side and slightly to the right of the excavated hole, about forty metres in front of the Agusta and pointing at it what appeared to be a hand gun.  Theo instantly recognised the man.
‘You seeing this, sir?’ the pilot asked.
‘Clear as day,’ Theo mumbled back.  ‘That’s the gutsiest thing I’ve ever seen.’
‘You got that right, sir,’ the pilot replied.  ‘A pistol against a gunship.’
Patroclus’ head snapped up.  ‘What is it?  What’s going on?’
‘Good news and bad news,’ Theo replied.
‘What’s the good news?’
‘Trey’s alive.’
‘And the bad news?’
‘I don’t know for how much longer.’
‘Hold on, sir,’ the pilot cut-in.  ‘There’s more.’
‘Okay, I see them,’ Theo agreed.  ‘That at least makes more sense.’
The smoke dissipated even further, allowing a much clearer view of the situation on the ground.  Theo could now see two other men kneeling side by side a few metres in front of Atreus between him and the Agusta.  A fourth man also materialised to Atreus’ left, directly in front of the black hole, writhing on the sand in what could only be described as agony.  Atreus seemed to be ignoring him, preferring to fix his attention solely on the Agusta and the two captives in front.  Atreus also seemed to be ignoring the lurking Pave Hawk’s presence.
‘That-a-boy, Trey’ Theo muttered.
‘What’s he doing?’ Patroclus asked, squirming in his seat to get a view out the windscreen.
‘It seems Trey’s landed a few hostages and based on your description of Lord Amherst and his henchmen, he’s hit the jackpot.’
‘What do you mean jackpot?  Please don’t tell me he thinks he can …’
'Second bogey in sight, sir!’ the Master Sergeant called out from the port side door.
‘Where is it?’ Theo snapped back.
‘Coming in from the southeast, angling in behind the Agusta.’
‘What is it?’
‘Looks like a Huey, sir.  Blue and white.  I can’t see any armaments pods, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t packing.’
‘Stay on it and let me know where it goes.’
‘Yes, sir.’
Then it happened.  The Pave Hawk’s shadow slipped ahead of the Agusta’s cockpit and the mud, brown helicopter flinched.
‘Hold it, Major!’ Theo called.
The Pave Hawk froze.  The Agusta froze.  Patroclus’ heart hammered.  Mayhem was surely seconds away?  Theo’s voice returned.  At least he sounded calm.
‘Stay right here, Major,’ Theo repeated.  ‘Not one inch further.’
‘Yes, sir.’
Theo then turned and looked out over the shoulder of the crouching Master Sergeant to find the interloping Huey creeping in from behind and to the left of the Agusta, the helicopter’s blue and white, box-like fuselage standing out clearly against the desert backdrop.
‘Sergeant Benson,’ Theo said to the kneeling Master Sergeant in front of him, ‘assist our female passenger across to the starboard side and strap her in.  Then get back here with that M-16 and keep me posted on the Huey’s progress.’
‘Yes, sir,’ the man complied, springing to his feet and helping to move Cassandra to a seat beside Patroclus on the other side of the cabin before resuming his firing stance in front of the port side door.
‘How’re you holding up, Cas?’ Patroclus tentatively asked.
Cassandra ignored him, instead returning her gaze out the port side door at the Agusta.  Patroclus nodded mutely.
‘Now listen up, everyone,’ Theo ordered.  ‘Here’s the situation as best I can make it.  The man in yellow on the ground with the pistol is our package.  Our primary goal is to secure him and clear the area.  The Agusta is most likely linked with the two kneeling men in front of the package, which based on our visual makes them and the Agusta hostile.  The incoming Huey is a wild card, but until it clarifies its position, we’ll treat it as a bad guy too, just to make sure.  The fourth individual on the ground to the left of the package seems to be out of the picture, but don’t shut him out.  All clear?’
A chorus of affirmations immediately followed.  Theo then looked across at the Agusta’s cockpit.  Inside it he could see the pilot frantically twisting about to evaluate the situation either side of him.
‘It seems we have the Agusta’s attention,’ Theo announced.  ‘Now let’s wait and see what our friends in the Huey have in mind.’
The blue and white Huey eased into the area from the south and turned side on to reveal a mini-gun of its own; the brutish weapon mounted internally on a tripod by the starboard side door.  Two occupants were also visible in the back cabin, one man standing and another seated behind the weapon, the latter pointing the six linked-barrels of the mini-gun directly back at the Pave Hawk.
The Huey hovered where it had entered the scene, placing the three helicopters in a rough triangle at the eastern edge of the temple enclosure; the Agusta at the front and flanked on both sides from behind by the two opposing aircraft.  Atreus stood directly in front of the Agusta on the ground on the other side of the shrine with Lord Amherst and Enzo kneeling in front and between him and the mud, brown helicopter, their backs turned to him.  Meanwhile, Tito continued to roll and scream on the sand to Atreus’ left next to the basalt black shrine, oblivious to everything around him.
The scene froze.  A sandy haze swirled restlessly beneath the trio of helicopters.  The morning sun climbed higher and hotter over the parched Rub al Khali.  The smoke plume finally petered out.  Everyone held, waiting.  Sooner or later someone would make the first move, and then when they did, the real test would be living to make the last.
	
*          *          *

Atreus flicked his gazed between the three hovering helicopters directly in front of him.  He had never been so close to so much military hardware in his life and he wondered if he should be flattered, considering they were all here specifically for him.  He counted at least five mini-guns, each of which made his pathetic little pistol seem exactly that, little and pathetic.  At least it carried enough bargaining power in this David and Goliath scenario to keep the Agusta at bay, but who the hell was in the Huey?  Its appearance smacked of the gun battle on the road outside Jerusalem when Amherst’s thugs had been ambushed during the thunderstorm.  Someone else must have got wind of this treasure-hunt and was shadowing him, but who?
Then he had it.  Only one other person could possibly know where they were and what was going on.  Atreus smiled.  Maybe his luck would hold out after all.
‘Pray tell, Atreus!’ Lord Amherst called over his shoulder, struggling to be heard against the onslaught of down-washed air.  ‘What do you intend to do now?’
‘I’m already doing it!’ Atreus called back, reaffirming his aim on the kneeling figure.  ‘You move a muscle and this gets messy!’
‘You might as well put the gun down.  It’s over!’
‘Not till the fat lady fires up.’
‘Hassan is going to pull that trigger any second now and cut you down, so why don’t you throw the gun away and give me the second key, so we can end this peacefully?’
‘I wouldn’t bet the farm on your boy Hassan saving your skin, mate!  I think he’s more interested in the mini-gun sandwich he’s in, besides to shoot me, he has to get his bullets through you!’
The lack of reply from Lord Amherst seemed to close the negotiations.
	
*          *          *

The stranger looked out the starboard side door of the Huey at the delicate situation in play.  He recognised Lord Amherst from the pictures he had been shown.  He also recognised Enzo from the gun battle on the outskirts of Jerusalem; the same man that had killed three of his crew.  His gaze then locked on the man in yellow, Atreus Knight.  The stranger’s eyes narrowed.  Atreus was the one he had come for.  Atreus was the one he would spill blood to get at.
Lifting and turning his gaze, the stranger looked across at the Pave Hawk.  He noted the kneeling Master Sergeant with the M-16 shouldered and aimed directly at him and his gunner.  The stranger also noted the soldier manning the mini-gun.  It seemed the Pave Hawk had everyone covered.
The Huey’s pilot turned in his seat and called out, ‘What do you want me to do?’
‘Hold your position here,’ the stranger calmly replied.  ‘We’ve come for the man in yellow on the ground.’  Then leaning in closer to the gunner he said, ‘Keep your sights on the Agusta.  If anything happens, shoot him first.’
	
*          *          *

Hassan madly swivelled his head from side to side, his thumb twitching above the mini-gun trigger switch on the controls.  He had completely forgotten about Lord Amherst and the others on the ground.  Their lives no longer ranked against the peril of losing his own.  The Pave Hawk and the Huey had him boxed in, both of them hovering like hornets ready to sting, but he was not scared, just cornered, and getting very, very impatient.
	
*          *          *

Theo bored his gaze into the young pilot at the controls of the Agusta.  Having been in situations like this several times before, he recognised fear when he saw it.  The Arab was on the edge of reason and it was only a matter of time before everything blew out of control.
In the Huey, the stranger also held an even gaze on Hassan, the question of “if” now firmly replaced by “when” the shooting would start.  After initially wondering why Atreus had led them all the way out here, the stranger now cared about only one thing, getting out of the situation alive and if that meant shooting everything out of the sky then so be it.
Meanwhile, in the Agusta, anxiety swamped Hassan’s reasoning.  Rational thought suggested he should simply set the helicopter down on the ground, turn off the engine and get out of the craft with his hands up.  That would be easy, peaceful and a sure means of staying alive, but it would also be surrender and he hated the idea of it.  His uncle had not taught him to be weak.  Glory was reserved for the brave and the righteous and if achieving glory meant achieving death, then death it would be.
On the ground, Atreus looked from one helicopter to the next, sensing the chance for sanity had long blown away with the drifting desert sands.  Things were about to get very, very ugly.  Glancing across at the Pave Hawk, he caught a flash of a familiar face; a face he had thought he would never see again, but now would do anything in the world to be with.
In the Pave Hawk, Cassandra momentarily locked eyes with Atreus, that fleeting instant connecting them on the brink of disaster.
Five fingers hovered over triggers.  Fifteen pairs of eyes flickered and everyone tensed, waiting for the next few seconds to dictate life or death to them all.
Then something happened that no one expected, and chaos erupted.

*          *          *

In an effort to regain eye contact with Cassandra, Atreus took a step backwards.  In that instant, a silver object cart-wheeled past his face from left to right.  Flinching, he turned away from the Pave Hawk to investigate the origin of the attack.  Atreus’ eyes boggled.  It wasn’t possible?
Tito had risen from the desert floor and was now loping towards Atreus, looking more like a zombie from a cheap horror movie than a real human being.  The fire had burned him, badly.  Beneath the remnants of Tito’s charred clothing Atreus could see a continuous patchwork of giant blisters and red welts across his massive chest, the skin already peeling off in places.  The entire right side of Tito’s scalp had also been completely singed off, his blotchy pate exposed to the bright sun.  Atreus barely recognised the man, his face a mask of tortured pain, but one thing remained unchanged, his eyes.
Tito glared balefully out from amidst the puffy mass of scorched skin, the intensity of his eyes raging pure malice.  Onwards he staggered.  A guttural cry clawed its way free of his blistered, misshapen mouth.  Murder consumed him.
Atreus stood transfixed by the nightmare, the presence of the three heavily armed helicopters fled from his mind.  The monster had arisen and it craved blood.  Then a high-pitched, metallic whir thumped Atreus back to reality.
	
*          *          *

‘Bring him down!’ the stranger shouted.
The gunner in the rear cabin of the Huey swivelled the mini-gun towards Tito and pulled the trigger.  The weapon erupted, instantly spewing over sixty rounds per second of lethal gunfire towards the giant.  The desert floor split apart between Lord Amherst and Enzo, forcing them to leap outwards.  Atreus instinctively dived backwards and to his right just as the torrent of bullets cut past him to slam into Tito’s feet.  The giant’s legs were cut out from beneath him, his limbs shredded amidst a cloud of blood and sand.  Toppling forwards into the ground, his consciousness was snatched away.
‘We got movement!’ called the pilot of the Huey as he yanked on the controls, roughly pulling the aircraft backwards.
The stranger and the gunner braced themselves as they watched the Agusta suddenly dip its nose and swing to the right towards the Pave Hawk, its dual mini-guns already belching murderous steel.
	
*          *          *

Hassan’s impatience had finally snapped; Tito’s assault creating a sufficient diversion to allow him to move.  Turning the Agusta to the right, Hassan depressed the trigger for his mini-guns and let loose.  Vaguely noting the ducking and diving figures on the sand in front of him, his eyes followed the twin lines of his bullets as they tore through the desert floor and arced around towards the stationery Pave Hawk.  He knew it was suicide.  His only hope now was that the confusion had allowed him enough time to get some fire onto the US Army helicopter before he himself was blown from the sky.
	
*          *          *

‘Hit the Agusta!’ Theo ordered.
Sergeant Hubert pulled the trigger, instantly unleashing a blinding hail of bullets.  A shower of sparks immediately erupted at the base of the Agusta’s rotors; the sergeant deliberately targeting the aircraft’s twin engines, hoping to maim and not to kill.  The Agusta’s metal skin tore apart.  Hydraulic fluid sprayed outwards.  A direct hit, but still the Agusta turned, its own torrent of bullets slicing the air in an arc moving directly towards the Pave Hawk.
	
*          *          *

The pilot of the Huey pulled his craft backwards to avoid cross-fire from the Pave Hawk as it endeavoured to knock the Agusta from the sky.
‘Take out the Agusta’s tail-rotor!’ the stranger ordered.
A fresh stream of gunfire lanced outwards from the Huey, the path of bullets initially blazing past the Agusta’s tail-rotor, but then squaring up and blitzing the target into shredded metal.  The Agusta’s tail-rotors shore cleanly off.  With its directional control destroyed, the helicopter shuddered and then hurled itself into a spin, the cabin rotating uncontrollably in a clockwise direction beneath the four main rotors.
	
*          *          *

Hassan felt his rudder pedals go slack and knew he had lost control of the aircraft.  He suspected the Huey had cowardly hit his tail-rotor from behind, but that didn’t matter now.  He was doomed to crash, but he was not yet out of the fight.
As the world blurred around him, Hassan kept his thumb firmly on the trigger, hoping that in his final moments he could get a lucky shot off and hit the Pave Hawk.  Winning was out of the question, but Hassan still stood a chance of exacting vengeance.
	
*          *          *

Theo recognised that even in its death throes, the Agusta’s mini-guns could still cause serious harm.  The Huey had lent them a helping hand, but it had also unintentionally placed them in a direct line of fire.
‘Pull back, Major!’ Theo called out unnecessarily.
The pilot was already hauling the Pave Hawk into reverse, the great bulk of the aircraft proving surprisingly agile.  Meanwhile, Sergeant Hubert had started tracking his gunfire forwards along the Agusta’s fuselage towards the cockpit, his new target being the pilot.  He needed to turn those guns off.
The Agusta was now completely out of control and slipping from the sky, starboard side down, it’s shattered tail-rotors spraying debris outwards.  Inside the cockpit, Hassan kept his mini-guns firing, the lethal lines of bullets tracing a final, deadly arc toward the Pave Hawk.
Certainty slammed home to Theo.  They were going to get hit.  Turning, he leapt across the cabin to cover Cassandra with his own body, knowing it to be futile, but he had promised to keep her safe and this was all he could think to do.
	
*          *          *

Hassan watched the horizon radically shift from horizontal to vertical as the Agusta spun onto its starboard side.  An instant later, the cockpit exploded into sparks as bullets shredded the instrument panel.  Pain also ripped through Hassan as his lower body was torn apart, but still he kept his finger on the trigger.
Then the Agusta ran out of room, its main rotors thumping into the ground.  Glass shattered and metal wrenched.  Three of the aircraft’s main rotor blades snapped off, sending plates of thick steel flying randomly outwards from the wreckage.  Sand engulfed the stricken aircraft, its mangled body disappearing from view, but just as Hassan’s consciousness ebbed away, his hopes came true.  The fire from his mini-guns swung upwards and slammed into the Pave Hawk, sparking off the big helicopter’s main rotors.  He had hit them.  Now he could die in peace.
	
*          *          *

The last thing Patroclus remembered was the zing of bullets as they punched through the cabin walls to ricochet all around him.  Covering his head with his arms he lost all sense of time and motion.  Then he heard a voice calling him.  Opening his eyes, he looked up and there was Theo, leaning over him and barking questions.  Sound slowly filtered through and eventually Patroclus understood.
‘Can you hear me, Pat?  Are you okay?’
Patroclus feebly nodded in return.
‘Good, but don’t move.  We’re not out of the woods yet,’ Theo ordered.
Patroclus looked numbly around.  Cassandra still sat beside him, seemingly as unharmed as he was.  Looking at Master Sergeant Benson and Sergeant Hubert, they too appeared to be okay, so what about the bullets?  Patroclus could have sworn the Agusta had hit them.
‘Theo?  What happened?’ Patroclus yelled unnecessarily.
‘I told you not to shout, Pat,’ Theo said calmly as he looked out the port side door.  ‘We took some fire on the rotors, which deflected some of the shots down into the cabin, but they missed everything important, so no problem.’
‘What’s going on now?’
‘The Agusta’s down and out, but the Huey’s still across the way.  Atreus is also still on the ground, so we’re not done yet.’
‘Is Trey alright?’
‘I don’t know,’ Theo replied as he shifted his observation from the door to through the front windscreen.  ‘He hasn’t moved yet.’
	
*          *          *

On the ground, the symphony of chaos and destruction had seemed to last for an eternity.  After the surprise of Tito’s knife flying past his face and the Huey launching its attack on the big man, Atreus had spent the rest of the episode curled in the foetal position not knowing how it would end.  Though gauging by the sounds he had heard, Atreus figured at least one helicopter had fallen into a screaming heap.  He just hoped it had not been the Pave Hawk, but until the commotion ceased, he refused to raise his head to find out for sure.
	
*          *          *

The stranger looked dispassionately down at the fallen Agusta, searching for any signs of life.  The pilot had not stood a chance, but logic often evaded reason when it came to action under fire.  He now he hoped it would not happen again given the immediate circumstances.  With the Agusta gone, one potential foe remained, the Pave Hawk.
Looking across the hazy enclosure, the stranger gazed directly into the visored façade of the soldier standing in the rear of the US Army helicopter, willing the man to consider sensibility over aggression.
	
*          *          *

Theo stared across the ruined temple at the man standing in the rear of the Huey, wondering if gunplay or parlay ruled his mind.  The Agusta had represented both his and the Huey’s primary target, but with it now gone and not knowing anything about each other, this fight was potentially not yet over.  Someone had to either initiate a truce or start shooting again.  Theo decided to tempt fate.
‘Sergeant Benson, shoulder your M-16 and stand down,’ Theo coolly ordered.  ‘Sergeant Hubert, raise your hands from the mini-gun and lean back.’
‘Are you sure, Theo?’ Patroclus queried from behind.
‘Let’s find out.’
	
*          *          *

The stranger noted the gesture and nodded.  A sensible man after all.  It was over.
‘Take your hands off the gun and sit behind me,’ the stranger ordered to his man behind the mini-gun and then turning to the pilot said, ‘Put her down on the ground right here, but keep the rotors turning just in case.’

43.

Theo stood on the ground inside the temple enclosure midway between the two helicopters, the Pave Hawk resting behind him on the northern point of the enclosure and the Huey in front on the southern side, both aircraft still churning their rotors in readiness for a hasty escape.  Looking to his left, Theo confirmed Sergeant Benson’s position forty yards away, prone on the sand, his M-16 pointed at the two occupants in the rear cabin of the Huey.  In the Pave Hawk, Sergeant Hubert still stood behind the sights of the port side mini-gun, ready to unleash it at his commanding officer’s cue.  All of Theo’s men remained in radio contact through their helmet-based communications link.
‘Stay cool gentlemen,’ he said.  ‘Let’s see if these boys are willing to come out and talk up a truce.’
Theo then looked to his right.  The smoking wreckage of the Agusta lay in a heap on the sand, a halo of debris surrounding it.  Hydraulic fluid continued to ooze from the base of the helicopter’s torn engine housing forming a dark slick on the desert floor.  No sign of life emerged from the shattered cockpit.  Theo held little chance of survival for the Agusta’s pilot considering the peppering Sergeant Hubert had given it with the mini-gun on the way down.
Meanwhile, Atreus, Amherst and his two other men remained hidden behind the pile of twisted metal.  Theo desperately wanted to get over there and check on his friend, but first he needed to determine the intentions of the Huey’s people.  Were they with him or against him?  Movement inside the opposing aircraft brought his attention back to the front.
The stranger stepped calmly down from the rear cabin of the Huey and held both arms out wide, palms open, to indicate good faith.  Walking steadily across the space, he stopped a few metres short of Theo and stood still with his hands on his hips, his sunglasses hiding any play of emotion.  Theo followed suit, his mirrored-visor equally as concealing.  Silently the two men squared off, each waiting for the other to begin the negotiations.  They were rudely interrupted.
‘Hey, Theo!’ sounded a voice from behind the smashed Agusta.  ‘I said dawn didn’t I?  Does this look like dawn to you?  I thought you army types were meant to be punctual?’
The two men turned to investigate the intrusion and saw three figures emerge from behind the broken Agusta.  Atreus still possessed the hand gun and with it he directed Lord Amherst and Enzo to walk in front of him and towards Theo and the stranger.
‘Captain,’ Theo said quietly into his helmet microphone in reference to his co-pilot, ‘come out here and secure the prisoners.’ 
The co-pilot immediately disembarked the Pave Hawk with a pistol in hand and carefully approached Lord Amherst and his chief henchman.  Atreus let his weapon drop down and left the two detainees to the soldier.  Suddenly, a flash of movement spooked the Captain and he brought his weapon swinging around to face the threat.
‘Hold your fire!’ Theo yelled.
Atreus also spun, but was too slow.  A sprinting body crashed into him, knocking him two steps backwards.  Two arms wrapped themselves around his neck, his attacker’s body clinging so tightly he could not shake it free.  His first instinct was to fight back, but then he smelled something.  Perfume.  A beaming smile spread across his face.  Overcoming his surprise, Atreus returned the embrace equally as warmly, a mixture of guilt and joy consuming him.
‘I’m sorry, Cas,’ he said, burying his face into his ex-fiancé’s neck.  ‘I’m sorry I let you down.’
‘Shut up,’ Cassandra forced out between sobs.  ‘Just shut up and hold me.’
Atreus did as he was told, wishing the moment would never end.  All the tension and grief of the last few days melted away and all he could think of was how stupid he had been to let this woman walk away from him in the first place.
Meanwhile, the Captain resumed his composure and escorted Lord Amherst and Enzo across to the Pave Hawk, where he made them sit cross-legged on the ground with their hands behind their heads.  Theo kept his gaze fixed on the stranger, but then after letting Atreus and Cassandra stay entwined for a few moments, he decided it was time to progress things.
‘Trey?’ he called out.  ‘A little help over here, please?’
 Atreus heard his friend’s query and opened his eyes, suddenly realising everyone had stopped to allow their reunion to continue unimpeded.
‘Cas, I have to go talk to Theo now,’ he said quietly to Cassandra.
Cassandra pulled her head back and looked Atreus in the eye, gazing deeply enough to appraise his very soul.  ‘I love you, Atreus,’ she said.  ‘I love you now and I always…’
‘I know.  You don’t have to say…’
‘Shut up and listen to me,’ she said curtly.  Atreus baulked.  ‘I love you,’ she continued.  ‘I love you now and I always will.  I love you with every breath I take and every moment that I live, but from now on, we have to be honest with each other, about everything.  I don’t want you to change who you are.  I don’t want you to be someone else because it’s you that I love.  Be dangerous.  Be silly, but just tell me what you’re doing.  Don’t shut me out.  Do you understand?’
‘Yes,’ Atreus softly answered.  ‘I understand, but…’
‘No buts, Trey.  No more buts ever again.  You leave me out of the loop just one more time and you’re on your own, for good, okay?’
Atreus beheld Cassandra and realised that this was his last chance at securing genuine happiness in his life.  He nodded.
‘You and me,’ he said softly so only Cassandra could hear.  ‘You and me till death do us part.’
‘Till death do us part,’ Cassandra repeated.  ‘That’s a deal.’
Atreus nodded then asked, ‘Can I go see Theo now?’
Cassandra nodded in return and then brusquely pulled away to walk back to the Pave Hawk.  Atreus watched her go.
‘Trey?’ Theo called.  ‘Really do need you over here.’
Atreus returned to the present.  Standing there in the midst of the ruined temple, he silently appraised his only true friend.  It was time to tell Theo the whole truth.  That was the only way he could even try to justify why his friend had shot another helicopter gunship out of the sky and killed a young man in the process.  To make matters worse, Atreus also remembered he had failed to find the second key.
‘Still waiting, Trey,’ Theo patiently persisted.  ‘Got things to do.’
Atreus started to sheepishly walk across, his head bowed.  ‘Um, Theo,’ he said squinting against the sun, ‘there’s something I need to tell you...’
‘Hold that thought,’ Theo interrupted.  ‘Did you check the Agusta on your way past?’
‘Ah, yeah,’ Atreus replied, half glancing back at the ruined hulk.  ‘You messed it up pretty good.’
‘And the pilot?’
‘Not so good,’ Atreus said shaking his head.
Theo cast his glance downwards and nodded.  After a moment’s reverence he then looked up at the stranger and slid the visor of his helmet up.  The stranger respected the gesture and removed his own eyewear.  The two men silently appraised one another before Theo finally spoke.
‘I guess I should say thanks, but I don’t why.’
The stranger’s head tipped askew.  ‘If you don’t know why, then maybe you should ask Atreus?’ he suggested.  ‘It’s twice now I’ve saved his life while other men have died.’
Theo darted a sideways glance at Atreus and asked, ‘What’s he talking about, Trey?  Care to share?’
‘Well, that’s what I was going to tell you, but before we get to that, let’s be clear about one thing.  He’s not here to save me,’ Atreus answered.  He then turned to face the stranger and with a steely stare continued.  ‘He just wants his trinket back and he doesn’t care how high he has to ramp up the body count to get it.  Tell me I’m wrong?’
The stranger remained unmoved.  Atreus continued to stare at him.  Theo broke the pause.
‘Well, that didn’t really explain anything,’ he said.  ‘Trey, I thought you came out here to find something, but now I hear you’ve already got something that apparently belongs to this gentleman here.  A gentleman who quite rightly points out, did help save your derriere from being shot up.  What’s going on and don’t leave anything out?’
Atreus held his stare on the stranger for a moment longer and then looked down at the ground to gather his thoughts.  He then looked back up at Theo.
‘Okay, here’s the deal,’ he finally said.  Theo crossed his arms and directed his hardest military stare at Atreus who continued, ‘When we were in Jerusalem, I borrowed an artefact from the Freemasons.’
‘Borrowed? Theo quizzed.
‘Yes, borrowed.  Hell, I even asked first if I could have it.  The Freemasons said no problem and then...’
‘Freemasons?’ Theo asked next, his bright eyes honing into lasers.
‘Yeah.  Freemasons,’ Atreus said, looking down at his shuffling feet.  ‘It’s a long story.  I’ll tell you about it on the way home.’
Theo gave the slightest nod.
Atreus resumed his explanation.  ‘Anyway, after the Freemasons showed us where to find this artefact, me and Pat went in and got it.  Then Amherst and his cronies turned up and stole it off us at gun point.  Typical caper from Freddy, but to be expected.  Then in the middle of the night on some dodgy back street on the edge of town, this clown and his Freemason buddies,’ he said, waving an arm at the stranger, ‘rock up with their own guns and start shooting up the place, almost blowing me away in the process.  Fair enough the gun fight helped me get away, but like I said, he wasn’t trying to save me, he just wanted his knick knack back and if I copped a bullet in the process, no great loss.’
Theo flicked his gaze across to the stranger who remained unmoved, accusations and all.  This was getting complicated, but then again, Atreus was involved.  He looked back at his friend.
‘So then,’ Atreus continued, getting a little more animated now, ‘after getting away from Amherst and the Freemason circus, Pat and I eventually managed to hightail it out of Jerusalem and get here to Oman where wham bam, we run into both of them again, except this time, they’re packing helicopter gunships and boy, didn’t that make it fun?  And so, finally, here we are.  In the middle of the desert, getting a tan and wasting time.’
‘Where is this artefact now?’ Theo asked.
‘Everything was going along swimmingly to start with,’ Atreus rolled on, ‘but as soon as these turkeys turned up with their bullets and stuff, it all turned to...’
‘Where is this artefact now?’ Theo calmly repeated.
Atreus paused and reacquainted himself with the present.  ‘Ah, it’s in the Agusta, I think.  Amherst apparently brought it out here with him.’
‘Apparently?’
‘Well, that’s what he said when I asked him, but then you and the Freemason-precision-warfare-team showed up, so I haven’t had a chance to check yet.’
Theo’s expression hardened even further.  Atreus noted it and held his hands up.  ‘Sorry.  Sorry,’ he said.  ‘Got a little carried away.’
‘So, let’s talk about the real reason why we’re out here in the desert then?’ Theo asked.  ‘What’s so important about these ruins and in particular, this here smoking hole?’ he continued, gesturing to the basalt shrine next to them.’
‘These ruins, my friend,’ Atreus said, holding his arms wide, ‘are quite likely the single most significant archaeological discovery in the history of Arabian civilisation.’
‘Why?’
‘This humble citadel in the middle of the desert is undoubtedly the original home of the mysterious Queen of Sheba and as such, probably holds clues to the origins of mankind’s three most powerful religions.  Islam, Christianity and Judaism.’
‘And the hole?’ Theo plainly asked.
Atreus now turned his attention to the dormant, basalt adorned shrine.  ‘That, Theo, is the Holiest of Holies and was for some time the resting place of one of the Queen’s most prized possessions here in her Temple of the Sun.’
‘And that possession was?’
‘Our artefact’s twin brother.’
This time the stranger perked up.
‘So you worked out there’s a second artefact out here and Amherst and the Freemasons followed you to get them both?’ Theo asked.
‘Yes,’ Atreus said.
‘No,’ the stranger said.
Theo and Atreus flashed their gazes across to the Freemason.
The stranger looked between them both and then said, ‘I came only to get the original.  I knew nothing of a second artefact.’
‘Oh, so now you’ve got even more reason to put a bullet in me do you?’ Atreus said.
The stranger opened his mouth to speak, but Theo piped up first.  ‘Zip it, Trey.’  Atreus took note of Theo’s tone and closed his mouth.  A quiet pause ensued, so Theo kept the initiative.  ‘You said this was the resting place of the second artefact?’ he asked.
‘Good,’ Atreus replied.  ‘You heard that.’
‘What do you mean by was?’
‘It’s gone.’
‘Gone where?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘Excuse me?’
‘I don’t know,’ Atreus repeated.
Theo paused, his gaze flicking from Atreus to the stranger who he now realised was taking much more interest in Atreus’ story.
‘Why don’t you know?’ Theo carefully asked.
Atreus huffed and then said, ‘All I can tell you for sure is that it was here, but now it’s gone.  It looks like the city was sacked sometime in antiquity and the temple was pillaged.  The shrine used to have a big black slab sitting right on top of it, but that slab is now lying in pieces in the hole because some thug smashed it open and likely took the second artefact from inside.  Same sort of stunt Amherst would pull.  Probably related to him somehow.  Tall, ugly and...’
‘Do you know where to go looking next for the second artefact?’ Theo asked.
‘Not a clue.  It was probably Persian raiders or maybe even Romans that took it, but really, who cares because all I know is that it’s gone and I’ve had enough of people shooting guns at me.’
‘If you can’t find the second artefact, do you still need the first one then,’ Theo asked, ‘or can you give it back to the Freemasons and we can all go home?’
‘No,’ Atreus said simply.
Theo paused, then said, ‘Trey, you seem to be misinterpreting the term borrowed.’
‘I can’t give it back, Theo, because I need both artefacts.’
‘And why is that?’
Atreus lowered his head and looked away.  ‘It doesn’t matter.  Just trust me when I tell you it’s better you and the Freemasons don’t know anything about it.’
‘If you give it back it might prevent more people from getting killed, including me and you?’
‘Sorry, mate.  This is need to know only.’
Theo nodded and then turned to the stranger.  ‘Well, what do you say?’ he asked.  ‘Can Trey keep this artefact until he’s found the second one?’
‘How do I know he’ll return it when he’s done?’ the stranger asked.
‘Because if he doesn’t, he’ll have me to tangle with, besides,’ Theo threatened, ‘Trey promises to return it, doesn’t he, Trey?’
‘I already promised this bloke’s mate back in the Kidron Valley that I’d give it back when I’m done,’ Atreus replied.  He then turned to the stranger and said, ‘Go back and ask Toby and he’ll tell you...’
‘Tobias is dead,’ the stranger emphatically returned.  ‘Amherst’s man killed him,’ he added, waving at Enzo.
Atreus winced.  So many lives lost and he had not even found the second key yet.  Looking back up at the stranger, Atreus continued, ‘I’m sorry to hear that, despite the fact that he personally threatened to kill me himself.’
‘Tobias’ death was a sacrifice for the Order,’ the stranger returned, ‘and it’s a sacrifice I’m prepared to make as well if necessary.’
Atreus rolled his eyes and looked away.  ‘How very noble?’ he said.  ‘Anyone would think you were an angel.  Funny how I couldn’t see your halo when you were happily blasting the Agusta out of the sky.’
‘We do what is necessary and if that means...’
‘Killing people?’ Atreus finished.  ‘What about the sixth commandment?  The one which goes, “Thou shalt not murder”?  Does that ring a bell or doesn’t it apply to you and your lot?’
‘Don’t lecture me on scripture,’ the stranger evenly replied.  ‘I was sent here to retrieve the artefact in whatever way seemed appropriate and if that meant taking lives then…’
‘Yeah, I know.  You do things for a cause greater than yourself.  I’ve heard it all before, mate, but you know it doesn’t matter how you wrap it up, it still smells like...’
‘Whoa, boys.  Settle down!’ Theo interrupted, raising his hands.  ‘There’s been enough nonsense for one day and I’m not about to let you two start it all up again.’  Atreus and the stranger held their locked gazes.  Theo turned back to the stranger.  ‘Back to the original question.  Are you prepared to let Atreus hang onto the artefact until he finds the second one?  Yes or no?’
The stranger dragged his gaze away from Atreus and replied, ‘Yes.’
‘So, you’ll put your guns away and leave him be until then?’
‘Yes.’
‘And what about you, Trey?’ Theo asked, turning to his friend.  ‘Will you keep your end of the bargain?’
‘You know I will,’ Atreus answered.  ‘The second I’m done with that thing I’ll gladly give it back.’
‘Right then.  That sounds like a deal, which leaves only one loose end,’ Theo said turning around to face Lord Amherst and Enzo, ‘and that’s turning these two over to the authorities.’
‘Would you mind if I took them?’ the stranger asked.
Theo turned around again to look the stranger squarely in the eye.  ‘Why do you want them?’
‘I still have some unanswered questions.’
‘I think we all do, but why should I give them to you?’
‘That’s between the order and them, but I’ll see to it that they’re returned when I’m done.’
‘Unharmed?’
‘Of course.  You have my word on that.’
Theo pondered for a second.  ‘Okay, you’ve got twenty-four hours,’ he relented.  ‘but, by this time tomorrow, I want to know they’re in custody in the British Embassy in Muscat and unharmed, as you’ve promised, otherwise I’ll scour the Earth looking for you and from what Atreus has told me, I know where to start searching.’  The stranger nodded.  ‘Right.  They’re all yours, including the one over there behind the Agusta,’ Theo added, waving towards Tito’s presumed location.  ‘If he’s still alive, make sure he gets adequate medical attention.  If you need supplies we’ve got some onboard.’
‘We can handle it,’ the stranger replied.
‘One more thing,’ Theo said.  ‘I’ll have to fill in a report when I get back.  There’s a dead pilot in that Agusta and that needs some investigating.’
‘Will I be mentioned in your report?’ the stranger asked carefully.
‘As far as I’m concerned, you were never here and that’s how it’ll read.  Thanks again for your mini-gun, but I suggest we never meet again.’
The stranger nodded and put his sunglasses back on before adding, ‘In that case, I’ll collect the prisoners and leave you to it.’
‘Sounds good to me,’ Theo replied, pulling his visor back down.  ‘Sergeant Benson, shoulder that weapon and come over here to escort the prisoners across to the Huey.  They’re not our responsibility anymore.’
‘Yes, sir,’ sounded the reply as the soldier rose from the sand and started jogging across to the Pave Hawk.
‘Come on, Trey,’ Theo said, slapping his friend on the back and turning him away from the stranger and towards the pile of twisted metal that used to be a helicopter.  ‘Let’s get this artefact thing out of the Agusta and get the hell out of here.  I think we’ve seen enough desert for one day.’
Fifteen minutes later, the Pave Hawk rose from the desert floor and turned for Salalah, leaving the Huey still on the ground with Lord Amherst and Enzo in the custody of the stranger.  Atreus held the first key tightly in his grasp, the ancient relic indeed having been inside the Agusta just as Lord Amherst had stated.  That part at least of this little journey had been successful.  However, the second key remained a complete mystery.
As the big helicopter banked to head for home, Atreus took one last dejected look at the Holiest of Holies, his confidence still in tatters at the failed enterprise.  He had no idea where the second key lay hidden, but he knew that only one hope remained and he hated the idea.  Jack.
Glancing past the oil-stained hole, Atreus saw the Huey’s gunner still kneeling on the sand beside Tito’s spread-eagled body.  Atreus’ eyes opened wide as he realised what was happening.  The gunner was placing an oxygen mask on Tito’s face.  The fiend was still alive.
The Pave Hawk spun away from the scene and the ruins disappeared from sight.  Atreus’ mind filled with the horrible memory of the burned and scarred behemoth lurching toward him, his eyes flaming bloody murder.  The monster would not die.  A shudder coursed along Atreus’ spine as a chilling revelation became clear.  While Tito still lived, there was every chance that Atreus would not be safe and that sooner or later the beast would come looking for him to finish him once and for all.

44.

Lord Amherst kneeled in the sand beside the Huey, his hands tied behind his back, his stony face glaring up at the stranger.  Enzo knelt next to him.  Their captor sat on the edge of the helicopter’s starboard side door, loosely clasping a pistol and staring blankly back at them through his sunglasses.  It was the epitome of disrespect.  Lord Amherst did not have many living enemies, but he had just made a new one.
‘You had better have the good sense to kill me,’ he said.
Ignoring the comment, the stranger instead turned to address his gunner who had just returned from assessing Tito’s condition.  ‘Is he alive?’ he asked.
‘Barely,’ the gunner replied.  ‘He should be dead.  He’s got third degree burns to most of his body and his legs are shot up pretty good.  I’ve put him on oxygen for now, but I reckon he could go any minute.’
‘Get him on board,’ the stranger instructed.  ‘Take the pilot over with you to help carry him.  We need to get going.’
The gunner nodded and banged on the cockpit door.  The pilot climbed out and together the two men retrieved a collapsible stretcher from the rear cabin and ran over to where Tito lay.
‘What’s it going to cost?’ Lord Amherst wearily asked.
The stranger looked blankly down at him.
Lord Amherst persisted.  ‘How much money do I have to pay you to let me go?’
Still no response.
‘Don’t be so obtuse, man!  Name a figure and it’s yours’.  Then we can all get out of this infernal desert and back to civilisation where you and your companions will be significantly wealthier and by my word, remain alive.’
Still nothing.  Lord Amherst glared back.
‘Moron,’ he finally mumbled as he looked away at the endless, sandy expanse all around.  Then something flickered in his peripheral vision; a movement by the door to the Huey’s cockpit.  The stranger noticed Lord Amherst’s curiosity and glanced sideways, but saw nothing.  When he looked back at his quarry his brow crinkled at Lord Amherst’s beaming smile.  The stranger raised his pistol and aimed it at the kneeling men, all too late.
Suddenly, the air rippled and the stranger jolted violently sideways to smash into the frame of the Huey’s door.  Ricocheting outwards, he fell to the sand, his gun falling free.  Then, a second, unseen blow lifted him clear of the ground, sending him hurtling through the air away from the helicopter, his body flailing like a rag-doll launched from a canon.  After a few seconds of flight, the stranger slapped heavily into the sand twenty metres from the Huey, his unconscious form piling into a heap.
‘You make quite an entrance, Commander,’ Lord Amherst said casually as he climbed from his knees.
‘It disappoints me that I have to interfere like this,’ sounded Jack’s voice in return, another momentary shimmering in front of the Huey’s door confirming the alien’s presence.  ‘It seems you have lost the upper hand.’
‘Nothing I can’t wrestle back.’
‘Can your man fly this contraption?’ Jack asked.
Lord Amherst looked down at his still-kneeling henchman who nodded in return.  ‘It would seem so,’ he replied, ‘and just as well or he’d be keeping company with his useless friend out here.’
‘Tito comes back with us,’ Enzo growled.
‘Tito is barely human anymore let alone useful so he stays out here,’ Amherst snarled in return.
‘I said,’ the little man challenged more forcefully as he too rose to his feet, ‘Tito comes back with us.’
Lord Amherst looked askance at his henchman and asked, ‘Is that a threat?’
‘Enough,’ Jack intervened.  ‘Lord Amherst, hold out your hand.’
Lord Amherst looked down at the plastic tie-wrap manacling his hands together and then raised them up.  ‘Perhaps if you’d be so kind as to help me with my bindings first?’ he asked
The restraints around his wrists magically snapped, allowing him to rub the blood back into them.  He then held out a hand.  Two light blue pills magically appeared on his palm.
‘Give these to your injured man,’ Jack said.  ‘They won’t heal him immediately, but they will expedite the healing process significantly.’
‘I assume you know that Atreus has reclaimed the first key?’ Lord Amherst asked as he pocketed the pills.
‘I am aware of this.’
‘And that the second key is not here, despite the map on the back of the clay tablet indicating it would be?’
‘Of that I am also aware.’
‘Well, then.  What do you suggest we do?’ Lord Amherst asked.
‘All is not lost, despite your ineptitude,’ Jack said.  ‘Atreus has actually aided us.  He does not yet know it, but he is in fact closer to finding the second key than he thinks.’
Lord Amherst raised an eyebrow.  ‘I don’t understand.’
‘I don’t expect you to.  You are only human after all.’
A shout from the direction of the wrecked Agusta brought the discussion to an end.  The Huey’s gunner and pilot had appeared carrying Tito on a stretcher.  From their vantage point they could see the stranger’s inert body on the sand and Lord Amherst and Enzo’s freedom.
The air in front of Lord Amherst shimmered.  ‘Stay here while I despatch them,’ Jack ordered.  ‘Then find Atreus Knight and reclaim the first key.  Our quest is almost concluded.’
Lord Amherst watched as a line of footprints led towards the Huey’s gunner and pilot, the two men completely unaware of the beating coming their way.

45.

Sitting on the deck of the beachside restaurant at the Hilton Salalah, Atreus ignored his brother and instead stared sightlessly out over the Arabian Sea, his disappointment of failing to find the second key persisting.  He now had no clue as to where to begin searching again.  The key could be anywhere, literally.  After coming so close, it was difficult to believe it had all been for nothing.
‘Cheer up, Trey,’ Patroclus said from across the table.  ‘Look on the bright side.  If you can’t find the second key, then this evil, alien commander fellow probably can’t find it either, so we’re safe for now.’
Atreus said nothing.
Patroclus continued.  ‘Plus, we managed to get the first key back off Amherst and hand him over to the Freemasons for safe custody.  That at least should make you happy.’
Still Atreus said nothing.  Patroclus sighed and searched his brother’s face for some sign of hope.
‘What about Cassandra?’ he added more softly.  ‘She’s given you another chance and that’s got to be the best thing out of all of this.  You may not have found the second key, but at least you’ve managed to get her back.  She loves you more than you know and right now, your main priority should be patching things up with her.  She deserves every bit of support you can give her, so forget about this quest nonsense for a few days and spend some time with her, okay?’
Atreus sighed and turned to face his brother.  ‘You don’t get it do you, Pat?’ he said.  ‘I can’t.  It’s not that simple.’
‘What’s not simple?’ Patroclus protested.  ‘Amherst is locked up and we’ve got some time to think about what to do next to find the second key, so relax.  Let it go for now.’
‘But, he’s still alive, Pat.  Amherst is still out there kicking.  Fair enough the Freemasons have got him under lock and key for now, but sooner or later he’ll weasel his way out and then come straight back after us.  Can’t you see that?’
‘You’re over-reacting.’
Atreus scoffed.  ‘Yeah, right, and I’ll be telling you I told you so when that giant, psychopathic henchman of his comes barging through the door in the middle of the night.  Honest to God, Pat, I don’t reckon I’ll sleep a wink while that over-sized action doll, Tito is still running around.’
‘And what about Cas?’ Patroclus pushed.  ‘Are you just going to abandon her again, especially now after she’s opened up her heart to you?’
‘Look, Pat,’ Atreus persisted wearily.  ‘I know what you’re saying.  I really do, but there’s too much at stake here and when I say that, I’m not referring just to the future of the world and the human race.  I’m talking about you and me and especially Cassandra.  I love her, more than you’re prepared to give me credit for, but I don’t have it in me to trust Amherst even for a second.  The man’s a killer.  We know that because of what he did to our parents, so if you want me to relax, forget it.  It’s just not going to happen.’
Patroclus held his brother’s gaze for a moment and then looked down, preferring on this occasion to retreat instead of venture into another sibling feud.  Atreus was right of course.  Amherst was a menace and would never stop pursuing them until it was finished one way or another.  It just did not seem fair that they had to put their lives on hold to save the world.  Patroclus took a sip of his iced mineral water, while Atreus absently played with his knife and fork, the sound of the surf and the screeching of gulls playing in the background.
‘Room for another?’ sounded Cassandra’s voice.
Atreus looked up from the table and froze.  His eyes grew wide and his lower jaw fell slack as he consumed the vision before him.  Cassandra wore a blue and white floral frock with leather sandals and a thin-rimmed pair of lightly shaded sunglasses.  Her long, dark hair lay down her back, combed straight and unbound, her tanned skin shining like brown honey in the bright Arabian sun.  She was a picture of beauty, pure and simple.
‘Wow,’ said Atreus as he boggled at his ex-fiancé standing in front of him.
‘Trey, a chair,’ Patroclus urgently whispered to his brother.
‘A chair?  Oh, yeah,’ he muttered and clumsily jumped to his feet to pull a chair out between himself and Patroclus. He then motioned for Cassandra to sit down.
‘Thank you,’ Cassandra said pleasantly before leaning in to give him a lingering kiss on the lips.
She then sat down, leaving Atreus standing stunned behind her like a punch drunk boxer.
‘You look lovely, Cas,’ Patroclus said.  ‘I hope you don’t mind, but we ordered you a salad.  It shouldn’t be long.’
‘Thank you.  That sounds nice,’ she replied.
Patroclus looked up at his still vacant brother and said, ‘You can sit down now, Trey.  People are staring.’
Atreus woke as if from a stupor and flicked a glance around him before awkwardly returning to his seat.  Cassandra reached across and clasped his hand, giving it a squeeze and smiling as she did.  Atreus returned the look and as his gaze locked with hers’, all his tension melted away.  This was a happiness he hoped would last.
‘So, what were you two talking about?’ Cassandra asked, releasing Atreus’ hand and reaching for her glass of water.  ‘Have you decided what to do next about finding the second key?  You know I’m still struggling with this whole time travel business, but bear with me.  Amherst seems to believe in at as much as you, so maybe I should too?’
Atreus looked aghast at Patroclus, who quickly turned away.  Cassandra noticed Atreus’ stress and put her glass down.
‘It’s alright, Trey.  Pat told me everything last night,’ she said.  ‘He gave me all the gory details about your alien friend Jack and his time travel plans and why Amherst is after you.  He was concerned and after all, you did leave him hanging to explain why you’d callously thrown yourself out of an aeroplane with a sandstorm approaching.  Pat needed to tell me something and at least he had the decency to tell me the truth besides, I can’t be much help if I don’t know what’s going on.’
Atreus opened his mouth to protest, but Cassandra got in first.
‘Till death do us part, Trey,’ she said.  ‘Remember?  That’s the rule from now on, but don’t worry.  I’m not going to stand in your way.  Apparently the world needs saving and if anyone can do that, it’s you.  I just want to help in whatever way I can.’
Closing his mouth, Atreus considered Cassandra’s offer.  This was new territory for him.  In the past, he had always been at loggerheads with her about his adrenaline-fuelled hobbies, but now it seemed like she was encouraging him to go out and risk his life.
‘So, you’re not upset about all the guns and explosions this morning out in the desert?’ he tentatively asked.
Cassandra looked straight-faced at Atreus and said, ‘When do you imagine I’ll ever not be upset about guns and explosions?’  Atreus nodded and looked down.  ‘All I’m saying is, you do what you have to,’ she added more gently.  ‘Just make sure you do it as carefully as you can and that I know all about everything that happens along the way before it happens, besides, I don’t want you to have all the fun without me.’
Atreus looked up and Cassandra winked at him.  His heart beat cantered.  Atreus grinned back.  He did not know how or why this change of heart had come over Cassandra, but he sure as anything was not going to fight it.  Meanwhile, it was Patroclus’ turn to look aghast.
‘Cas, you’re encouraging him,’ he said.
Cassandra turned to face Patroclus.  ‘Aliens want to destroy us, Pat,’ she said, ‘and if Trey can stop them, then I think we should help him rather than get in the way.’
‘But can’t we at least relax for a few days while Amherst is…?’
‘Amherst is a snake,’ Cas interrupted.  ‘He can’t be trusted, so I say, while he’s in custody, we use this time to get a head start on him in finding the second key.  Isn’t that right, Trey?’
‘Ah, yeah.  Absolutely,’ Atreus replied, failing to hide his pleasure at seeing someone else verbally joust his brother to the ground.
‘Right then.  Where do we start?’ Cassandra asked.
Patroclus did not know what to say.  Cassandra’s change of heart concerned him, but what could he do?  If she had decided the only way to be with Atreus was to join him in his insane plight, then who was he to stand in the way?  At that moment their waiter arrived and began serving lunch, providing a convenient excuse for everyone to collect their thoughts.
Taking a sip of his Virgin Mary, Atreus considered where to begin.  ‘Okay, let’s start with the only two things we know for sure about the second key and they are that the temple altar was broken into and that the second key’s no longer there,’ he said, ‘which leaves us with two remaining possibilities.  Either the altar was pillaged and the key stolen by raiders, or when the raiders broke into the altar, the key was already gone.’
‘What’s the difference?’ Cassandra asked.  ‘Either way the key’s gone, leaving us with no clue as to where it is now.’
‘Au contraire, there’s a big difference.  If the temple was pillaged by raiders and the key stolen by them, then we’re looking at our worst case scenario.  This would mean the key could be anywhere in the ancient or the modern world.’
‘How so?’
‘Well, any number of rival clans or civilisations could have ransacked the temple in antiquity and made off with the key, taking it anywhere from Oman to Iran or maybe even China or somewhere in Africa, and then, to make matters even more complicated,’ Atreus continued, ‘the key may have been unearthed more recently at any of these other locations and secretly stashed in some private collection somewhere else in the world, thus making it virtually untraceable.’
‘What about the second possibility,’ Cassandra asked.  ‘That the key was already gone when the raiders broke into the altar?’
‘Well, this is where it gets a little better.  If the altar was empty when the raiders broke in, then the second key may simply have been moved at some stage prior to the pillaging.  It wasn’t uncommon for rulers to cart their precious knick-knacks around with them when they travelled, so the second key may simply be hidden in another sacred sanctuary within the Queen of Sheba’s empire; a sanctuary that may not yet have been discovered.’
‘So you’re saying the second key might still be somewhere in this region?’
‘It might be, yes.’
‘Well, that’s more like it.  Do you have any suggestions where we might begin looking?’
‘No, not really, but,’ Atreus said holding up a fork, ‘fortunately, we have Pat the esteemed professor of archaeology.’  Atreus looked across at his brother.  ‘Don’t we, Pat?  You’re an ancient Arabian guru, so tell us, what ruins do you know of around here that we can poke about in?’
‘What do you mean?’ Patroclus asked sulkily as he cut into his lamb medallion.
Atreus looked blankly at Cassandra who shrugged.
‘What do you mean what do I mean?’ Atreus asked.
‘Era?  Region?  Civilisation?’ Patroclus answered as he continued to eat.
‘Ruins.  Any sort.  I don’t care.’
‘Where exactly?’ Patroclus continued to question.
‘Like I said.  Around here,’ Atreus replied, his frustration rising.  ‘Anywhere between Salalah and the complex we found out in the Rub al Khali will do.’
Patroclus carried on eating, carving his lamb into bite size pieces and skewering salad onto his fork.  Atreus patiently watched him.  Cassandra did too.
‘Pat, this is serious!’ Atreus finally erupted.  ‘We need to...’
‘I’m thinking,’ Patroclus interrupted.
‘Well, can you slip your brain into second gear at least.  We need to get this show on the road.’
‘Al Balid,’ Patroclus suddenly answered and then pushed a forkful of his lunch into his mouth.
Atreus again flicked a glance at Cassandra who motioned for him to be patient.  Atreus rolled his eyes and picked up his own cutlery to inspect his sirloin.  As he did, he asked, ‘So, what do you know about this Al Balid?’
‘Not much,’ Patroclus answered simply, putting his knife and fork down and picking up his glass of mineral water.
‘Ah!’ Atreus exclaimed, clattering his own utensils down.  ‘Why do I bother with you?  I’m not some tourist looking for something to do this afternoon.  We need to find the second key and I figure we start looking in the nearest ruins we can find just in case it’s there!’
‘Look, Trey,’ Patroclus started, ‘I may be a professor of archaeology, but I don’t know everything off the top of my head.  You’re the one with the eidetic recall, so unfortunately I have to think about things for a minute or two.  In this case however, I have a colleague back at the university who was out here last year assisting with some restoration at Al Balid, so if you’ll permit my inadequacies for a moment, I’ll finish my lunch first, then go back upstairs, make a phone call and have some answers for you.  Is that suitable?’
Atreus huffed and sat back in his chair, his gaze scanning the table while he reigned in his frustration.  Meanwhile, Patroclus returned to eating.
‘Don’t you know anything about...?’ Atreus finally blurted out.
Patroclus calmly put up his hand and said, ‘If you must know, this is what I can tell you straight away.’  Atreus sat forward, his lunch still untouched.  ‘Al Balid is estimated to have hit its peak around the twelfth or thirteenth century, which obviously makes it far too recent to be Sabaean or in any way attached directly to the Queen of Sheba’s empire, but what I do remember is my colleague saying there are strong indications the city may be far older than what has largely been uncovered; maybe even as old as the Iron Age, which in that case, would place its roots before the birth of Christ and therefore back into the times of the Queen of Sheba and King Solomon.  That’s all I know.  If you want anymore, you’ll have to wait until after I’m finished here so, if you’ll excuse me, my lamb’s getting cold.’
Atreus watched his brother resume eating, but he could not stop his mind from fixating on what to do next.  Time was ticking and every second spent sitting still, gave Amherst another second to escape.
‘Right then,’ he finally said urgently, ‘let’s do this.  This afternoon we’ll go over to this Al Balid and check it out.  If it comes up trumps, great.  If it’s a red herring, I’ll call Eric and tomorrow he can fly us out to Ubar, which has to be our next best bet.  Not only is it mentioned in the Quran, but it’s also shown on the trail on the back of the tablet, so it’s a big chance of coming through for us, and then, if neither Ubar or Al Balid work for us, we cast the net a bit wider.  Where exactly we go, I don’t know, but we’ll put together a hit list and start at the top.  How’s that sound?’
Atreus looked across at his brother who shrugged in return.  He then looked at Cassandra who nodded.
‘Good,’ Atreus said emphatically, as he picked up his cutlery again.  His mood brightened.  Finally it felt like they were regaining control.  Amherst was under lock and key for the time being.  The first key was back in their possession and above all else, even if the world did end tomorrow, Cassandra was back in his life and that alone had made all this drama worthwhile.  At last they could have a moment’s peace, so oblivion be damned, Atreus was going to enjoy his steak, but as his knife carved into the meat, a name slipped into his mind.  Jack.  Where the hell was he and what had he been up to for the last forty-eight hours?  It wasn’t like the rascally alien to stay quiet for so long.  Suspicion loomed and as Atreus chewed his mouthful of sirloin, he started to wonder if before this adventure was over one way or another, there were still twists yet to come.

46.

With lunch over, Atreus had hurried Patroclus to go upstairs and call his colleague back at the university, so they could begin their search of the Al Balid ruins as soon as possible that afternoon.  Patroclus had protested one last time that they should take at least one day off, but before Atreus could even fighting back, Cassandra had again stepped in to support his urgency.  This new found support from the woman he loved was still a bit difficult to accept, but Atreus figured he should take advantage of it while it lasted.  Tomorrow she may change her mind.
Meanwhile Cassandra had decided to use the brief interlude to do a spot of shopping in the hotel lobby for some southern Omani handicrafts, which left Atreus all to himself.  With nothing left to do but wait, he ventured out onto the beach alone to consider what other significant ancient sites existed in the region that the second key could have been taken to.  The Horn of Africa.  Socotra.  Zanzibar.  Maybe even back to the Holy Lands.  The list was endless.
In the back ground of his thoughts, another emotion tugged at Atreus.  Guilt, for Theo.  Atreus had dragged his best friend into a mess he did not deserve to be a part of.  Plus, he had essentially forced him into killing another man.  Sure Theo had probably pulled the trigger on other men in his time, but this death was absolutely due to Atreus’ actions.  For all Atreus knew, Theo was right now locked up in a military cell facing a court martial.  He had to call him, now.
Fishing his mobile phone from his trousers pocket, Atreus absently kicked off his sandals and ventured out across the sandy strip of shore, the gentle swashing of the surf a soothing background noise.  Selecting Theo’s number, Atreus lifted his thumb to connect the call and then paused.  Suddenly, his heart rate skipped up a notch.  Something very odd was happening in the sand leading up to him.  A line of footprints was magically appearing without a body being there to make them.  Where there should have been feet, there was nothing but thin air.
Strangely enough, this actually made sense to Atreus, so as casually as possible, he slipped his phone back into his pocket and turned to look out over the surf, a smile creasing his face.  He waited for the footprints to reach him and then spoke.
‘Well, look what the cat dragged in,’ he said.  ‘I’ve been wondering when you’d turn up.’
‘Atreus, once again, you surprise me,’ Jack replied, still using Atreus’ own voice.  ‘How did you know I was here?’
‘Your after-shave.  No point in being invisible if you smell like an Old Spice sampler.’
‘I don’t understand.  What is Old Spice?’
‘Something only real men use when they’re sailing or riding horses or in your case, real aliens.’
‘I still don’t...’
‘Forget it.  It doesn’t matter,’ Atreus answered, waving it away.  ‘So, where have you been?  I haven’t heard boo from you for over two days now and I was starting to wonder if you still cared.’
‘I cannot maintain a constant vigil on your progress, Atreus.  I have other pressing matters to attend to also.’
‘Really?  What does a super-intelligent, alien being like yourself do in your spare time?’
‘My affairs are my business and I assure you, they are highly elevated above your level of understanding.’
‘You’re the one who keeps telling me I’m pretty smart.  I reckon you’re just embarrassed.  You’re probably a quilter or a cross-stitch kind of alien aren’t you?  You know I can see you with a little shawl over your knees, busily crocheting a cardigan for those cold nights out past Pluto.’
‘You really must refrain from espousing your human colloquialisms,’ Jack protested.  ‘I find it difficult to hold a conversation with you unless you speak, clear, simple English.’
‘Oh, come on.  You’re an easy target and I’m just trying to lighten things up.  Just because the world’s on the brink of destruction, it doesn’t mean we can’t have a bit of fun.’
‘Let us return to the matter at hand,’ Jack demanded.  ‘Can you supply me with the progress of your search for the second key?’
Atreus paused.  He did not trust Jack nearly enough to tell him the whole truth, so he needed some time to think.
‘Ah, yeah,’ he stalled, ‘but remind me first where we left off?’
‘You had just discovered the map on the back of the clay tablet and were on your way to Oman,’ Jack supplied.
‘Right,’ Atreus said nodding as he summarised the course of events since and decided how much of the truth he should divulge.  Glancing across at where the footprints ended in the sand, he noticed a slight shimmering in the air above them, giving away Jack’s presence.  ‘Okay, this is what happened after that,’ he finally resumed.  ‘You left us at the airport in Muscat two days ago and then yesterday, we flew down here to Salalah, where I let Cassandra and Patroclus come here to the hotel, while I did what was probably the dumbest thing I’ve ever done in my life.’
‘Dumb is a relative term, Atreus.  You may consider your actions dumb, but others may consider them exceptionally brilliant.’
‘No, it was pretty dumb and I’m an expert on doing dumb things, so I should know.’
‘Please, go on,’ Jack said.
‘Well, as I was saying, my dumb scheme was to pay a kid a stack of cash to fly me out to the desert and ditch me, alone, to find the ruins that I told you about.’
‘That doesn’t sound overly incompetent.’
‘No, it doesn’t, but when you throw in a raging sandstorm and my jumping right into it, you get a whole new level of incompetence, or dumb as I prefer to call it.’
‘Were you successful?’
‘Yes, and no.’
‘I don’t understand.’
‘I was successful in finding the ruins, yes, and that was a good thing, but the second key was gone, and that obviously, was a bad thing.’
‘That is most disappointing.’
‘Couldn’t have understated it better myself.’
‘What then is your next course of action?’
‘Well, that’s where you come into it.  I was kind of hoping you might have an idea,’ Atreus said, drawing circles in the sand with his toes.  ‘The way I see it, the second key could be anywhere and I mean literally anywhere.  It could still be buried somewhere nearby or it could be in a private collection on the other side of the world.  Without knowing who took it from the lost city and when, I don’t know where to start looking.  See my dilemma?’
‘Yes, I do.’
‘So, is there anything you can do to help?’ Atreus asked, glancing up from his doodling.  ‘Anything at all?’
A pause ensued.  Atreus turned full-on to silently appraise the glimmering air where Jack stood, wondering if the creature had indeed been spying on him since they had last spoken on the plane and was maybe even right now withholding valuable information.  Jack finally spoke.
‘It appears that I may be of some assistance to you.’
Atreus’ eyes lit up.  ‘Really?’ he said.  ‘How so?’
‘I do indeed possess data that can direct us to the location of the second key,’ Jack added.  ‘In fact, my information suggests the key is situated within our local vicinity.  Thus, it should not require as much effort to locate as you fear.’
Atreus’ eyes narrowed.  ‘And how do you know that?’ he asked.
‘On my ship I possess a scanner, which is capable of mapping the Earth’s electromagnetic field.’
‘What’s this scanner got to do with the keys?’
‘The keys create local distortions of the Earth’s electromagnetic energy field, allowing me to track their locations.’
Atreus sagged, his bottom jaw dropping.  He couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
‘Before you criticise my reticence to share the scanner’s data with you at an earlier juncture,’ the alien requested, ‘please hear my reasoning?’
Atreus continued to boggle.
‘The scanner originally showed a broad anomaly covering virtually the entire Arabian Peninsula,’ Jack carried on, ‘which made pinpointing the exact location of the keys impossible, but since approximately mid morning today, the anomaly has reduced in size to cover the immediate area around our current location only.  Originally, I thought the broadness of the anomaly was likely due to the deteriorating strength of the two keys, but now I realise it was due to their separate locations and not their integrity at all.  It was a logical enough mistake to make.’
Atreus finally found his voice.  ‘Logical?  What do you mean logical?’ he exclaimed.  ‘You’re meant to be a super-brainy alien and you can’t even read your own kit!  Logical would’ve been you telling me about your whiz-bang scanner before I leapt into thin air over the desert and almost buried myself out there.  Logical would’ve been using your thick head to come up with other possibilities before you conned me into this gig!  Logical would have been telling me about this broad anomaly thing before I even left home, so I could have pointed out how dumb you are right there and then.  Logical would have been...!’
‘If I have made a mistake I apologise,’ Jack interrupted, ‘but I did not think it relevant to inform you of the scanner any earlier.  Your knowledge of ancient civilisations appeared to be more than sufficient to sustain your efforts.’
‘Oh, my knowledge appeared sufficient did it?  Well, that’s great.  That’s just great, but let me tell you this.  I would’ve taken a magical scanner over my knowledge of ancient civilisations any day!  You could’ve saved me a whole load of grief, mate, if you’d just piped up about this back in the study!’
‘Again I apologise, but…’
‘Damn it, Jack!’ Atreus continued to curse, turning away to glare at the sea.  ‘I knew you were holding out on me!  I bloody well knew it!’
‘Atreus, as I said,’ Jack pushed as patiently as he could, ‘I apologise, but credit is still due to you.  You have succeeded in securing the first key and now you know the second key is nearby…’
‘I’ll bloody well secure you if I get my…hang on,’ Atreus said, halting his ranting and raising a hand.  He slowly turned back to face the alien.  ‘What makes you think I’ve got the first key?’ he asked.
A slight pause followed before Jack answered.  ‘As I said, the electromagnetic anomaly has been refined to this local area, so I assumed you have reacquired the first key from Lord Amherst and brought it back here with you.  Is that not so?’
Atreus opened his mouth to speak, but the sound of the Beach Boys’ Surfin’ USA cut him off.  Reaching into his pocket, he retrieved his ringing mobile phone to check the caller’s name.  Holding a finger up, he said, ‘Sorry, Jack.  I’ve got to answer this.  Just hold on a sec’ would you?’
Turning away, Atreus walked slowly off, all the while keeping his eyes on the sand for any mysterious footprints around him.  Pressing the green button on his phone, he accepted the call.
‘Theo,’ Atreus said brightly into the handset.  ‘What a coincidence.  I was just about to ring you.’
‘Just calling to see if you’d done anything stupid since I left this morning,’ his friend replied.
Atreus chuckled.  ‘Give me a chance, mate.  It’s only been a couple of hours.’
‘That’s never been a problem for you before. How’s Cas?’
‘She’s fine.  In fact it seems like she’s forgiven me already.  Maybe this absence and the heart growing fonder stuff is true after all?’
‘You just make sure you treat her right this time.’
‘I will.  I’ll make damn sure of that.’
‘You better, but just so you know.  I’m Special Forces trained and if I find out you’ve been anything less than decent, you won’t see me coming to make amends.’
‘Well, that’s one way to make a guy paranoid,’ Atreus said a little taken aback by his friend’s rebuttal.  ‘Looks like me and my shotgun are sleeping together from now on.’
‘Anyway, my wailing aside.  I’ve got news for you.’
‘Yeah, what’s that?’
‘Instead of just one KIA this morning, there might be more.’
Atreus paused and frowned.  Quickly he scanned the sand to see if Jack had snuck up on him.  He especially didn’t want any aliens snooping in on this part of the conversation.  Covering the phone with his spare hand, Atreus spoke more quietly.
‘What do you mean there might be more KIA’s?  I thought there was only the pilot of the Agusta and maybe Tito on the list?’
‘Well, no.  Something odd happened after we got back this morning.’
A chill trickled down Atreus’ back.  ‘What’d you mean odd?’ he asked.
‘Some of my guys were still at the airport this morning after we got back from our little jaunt and they spied the Freemason’s blue and white Huey come in to land.’
‘So, what?  So the Freemasons came all the way back here instead of just to Thumrait?  Big deal?’
‘Well, based on the descriptions I got of the three men that got out of the Huey, they looked exactly like your Lord Amherst and his two henchmen; the short, curly-haired man and the big one we thought you’d barbequed.’
‘The big one?’ Atreus asked wide-eyed, feeling his chill grow from a trickle to a waterfall.  ‘He was there and he was walking?’
‘Just like Lazarus apparently.’
‘What about the Freemasons?’
‘Nowhere to be seen.’
‘What did your men do?’
‘They weren’t with us this morning when it all went to hell, so they didn’t know the difference between Amherst and his men and the Freemasons besides, the US Army has no civil or military jurisdiction in Oman.  Even if we wanted to detain them, there’s nothing legal we could do.’
Atreus stopped to think.  The sand stayed unsullied around him.  ‘Okay,’ he said at last.  ‘Thanks for the heads-up.’
‘I thought you should know,’ Theo returned.  ‘If this Amherst character really is your arch-enemy and he’s still at large, you may want to keep that shotgun of yours’ handy after all.’
‘Will do.  Thanks again, Theo, oh and hey, for what it’s worth, I’m sorry things turned out so badly this morning.  No one deserved to get hurt, let alone die.  You’re not going to jail or anything are you?’
‘Me?  Nah.  I can sweet talk my way out of anything.  I’ve been in worse scrapes than this and got medals for it, but as for you?  You better start learning how to mind your Ps and Qs.  Sooner or later your luck is going to call it quits and leave you in a world of trouble and neither Cas nor Pat deserve it.  Okay?’
‘Okay.  Fair point.  I’ll tone it down from now on.’
‘I’d hate to lose you too, buddy.’
Atreus smiled.  ‘Oh, that’s sweet.  I love you too, big fellah.’
‘Don’t get cute.  Anyway, good luck with whatever happens next.  Sorry, I can’t hang around, but Uncle Sam wants me in Djibouti.  We’re heading out first thing in the morning so it’s adios for now.’
‘Alright.  Till next time.  Fly safe.’
‘Remember what I said.  I want there to be a next time.’
‘Okay.  Okay.  Get out of here.’
‘Talk to you soon.’
‘Will do.  Ciao.’
The line disconnected, leaving Atreus standing on the sand, deep in thought.  The world had just become a far more complicated place.  Theo’s information about Amherst’s escape was a big concern on its own, but coupled with Jack’s knowing Atreus had reacquired the first key made everything smell decidedly unhygienic.  He could think of only one way both things were possible and that meant that Cassandra, Patroclus and he were in grave danger.
‘Jack?  Where are you?’ Atreus called out, spinning around and scanning the sand.
‘I am here,’ sounded the reply, a swirl in the sand appearing a few metres away.
Atreus spun to face the shimmering air.  ‘Can we finish this some other time?  Something’s come up.’
‘Is there trouble?’ Jack asked.
‘No, not really.  I just need to do something right away.  That’s all.’
‘I shall leave you then, but might I ask to relieve you of the first key, so I can begin analysing its condition immediately?’
‘Ah…no,’ Atreus lied.  ‘You can’t have it yet because…it’s locked away in the hotel safe and I can’t get to it right now.  I should be able to pull it out in the morning though.  Can you wait until then?’
The sound of crashing surf filled the ensuing pause.  Jack spoke at length.  ‘I can wait.  I will contact you in the morning.’
‘Good.  See you tomorrow then.  I better let you get back to that cardigan,’ Atreus said as he started walking back to his sandals.  Suddenly he stopped and turned around.
‘Hey, Jack?  You still there?’ he called out.
‘I am,’ came the response.
‘When you turn up in the morning, could you like knock or something?  It kind of freaks me out the way you arrive unannounced.’
‘As you wish.’
‘Great.  Thanks,’ Atreus said, turning back.  Reaching his sandals, he abruptly snapped his fingers.  ‘Oh!  One other thing!’ he called out, spinning around.  ‘Where are you now?’
‘I am here,’ sounded Jack’s voice, another swirl in the sand appearing a few metres adjacent and somewhat closer than Atreus would have liked, almost like the creature was following him.
‘Has your scanner identified exactly where the second key is?  I mean have you got any ideas on direction or distance to get to it?’
‘The distortion of the local electromagnetic field has now shrunk to a radius of one hundred kilometres,’ Jack replied, ‘the centre of the anomaly being twenty kilometres east of our current location.’
‘That’s just down the road.  You’re sure your fancy hardware’s right?’
‘If you are referring to the accuracy of the scanner, I believe it to be correct to within point zero zero zero zero one of a percent of its measurements.’
‘One ten thousandth of a percent?  Wow!  That’s pretty good,’ Atreus replied, slipping back into his sandals.  ‘You’ll have to bring this scanner round for dinner one night and show it to me.’
‘The sustenance on your planet is unsuitable for me to…’
‘Yeah, yeah, you’re probably right.  You wouldn’t like bangers and mash anyway.  Forget I mentioned it.  Anyway, see you tomorrow,’ Atreus said as he waved and walked quickly away towards the hotel, wondering if Jack was still standing on the beach or sneaking along behind him.

47.

‘Ah.  There you are,’ Cassandra said as Atreus walked into the small Omani handicrafts store in the hotel lobby where she was browsing.  ‘How’s Theo?  Have you managed to get him locked up after this morning’s little debacle?’
‘No, he’s fine,’ Atreus answered, looking nonchalantly around in an attempt to disguise his scrutiny for invisible aliens.  ‘You know what he’s like.  He’s made of Teflon.’
‘Sounds just like someone else I know,’ Cassandra replied, raising her eyebrows and picking up a curved, silver-plated dagger.  ‘What do you think of these khanjars?’
‘A bit touristy aren’t they?’ he replied, crinkling his nose.  ‘Muttrah souq in Muscat has probably got more traditional ones, plus you’ll get to have a good haggle.’
‘Excuse me, sir, madam, but these khanjars are traditional.  They are made right here in Salalah,’ sounded the voice of the salesman from the end of the row of shelves.  Cassandra looked up to see an Omani man dressed in a flowing white dishdasha, the material so white it almost shone.   Around his head he wore a formal massar, the multi-coloured fabric intricately entwined in place and indicative of his village heritage.  Tucked into his leather belt, the man proudly displayed a large, silver khanjar similar in design to the one Cassandra held in her hand.  ‘Just like mine,’ he finished whilst displaying his own accessory like a game show model.
Cassandra smiled in return.  ‘Sorry, don’t get me wrong,’ she replied.  ‘It’s very nice, but I’d prefer something with a carved handle, perhaps of goat’s horn rather than silver.’
‘Oh, you mean ivory or maybe giraffe’s horn?  You will not get that here in this shop,’ the salesman replied shaking his head.
‘No, not ivory or giraffe’s horn,’ Cassandra replied firmly, replacing the dagger on the shelf.  ‘We didn’t come here to support the black market trade in banned animal products.  A goat’s horn handle would be fine.’
‘I’m sorry, madam, but we do not carry these types of items.’
‘Cas, I’ve got news,’ Atreus said, unable to withhold his information any longer.  The salesman retired.
‘What?’ she asked quickly, hurriedly stepping over to lean into him.  ‘Good or bad?’
‘Keep shopping,’ Atreus hissed.  ‘Look casual.’
Cassandra returned a vague stare.
‘Jack might be here?’ he whispered more urgently, ‘and if he is, I don’t want him to know I think he is.  Just follow my lead.’
Cassandra’s face brightened and she straightened up to look nonchalantly around, spying an assortment of carved wooden boxes on the nearest shelf.  Stepping over to them, she casually started sorting through them.
‘So, what is this news?’ she asked absently.
Atreus in turn started poking through a collection of wooden camels on the opposite shelf, feigning interest in one with a Mother-Of-Pearl saddle inlaid on it.
‘Apparently, the second key is somewhere within a one hundred kilometre radius of here,’ he replied.
‘How do you know that?’
‘Jack told me.  He turned up just now while I was outside.’
‘And how does Jack know the second key is within a one hundred kilometre radius of here?’
‘Apparently, he’s got some sort of electromagnetic scanner on board his ship, which he can use to pinpoint the location of the keys.’
‘Why didn’t he tell you this before?’ Cassandra asked, opening and closing one of the boxes.
‘Don’t ask.  I’ve already had it out with him, but he was saying that before, when the first key was still in Jerusalem, the scanner showed an anomaly spreading over the entire Arabian Peninsula, which made it impossible for him to accurately locate them, but now that we have the first key here with us, out of Jerusalem, the anomaly has shrunk to a circle centred on Salalah with a radius of one hundred kilometres.’
‘How very convenient,’ Cassandra replied.
‘Isn’t it, but what that then means then is that the second key isn’t at Ubar,’ he added, picking up a camel-shaped alarm clock and fiddling with it.
‘Too far away?’
‘Well and truly, so Eric doesn’t get any more charter-flight business from the Knights.’
‘Poor Eric.  He’ll just have to be happy with that ten thousand dollars he swindled off you,’ Cassandra said as she abandoned the boxes and moved along the shelf to a group of glass cases filled with artistically arranged, coloured sands.
‘So, that brings us back to Al Balid,’ Atreus continued, depositing the alarm clock back in its position before following Cassandra along the aisle.  ‘It’s within the one hundred kilometre radius and according to Pat, the ruins maybe significantly older than first thought.  This possibility combined with Jack’s electromagnetic anomaly makes Al Balid the prime suspect in finding the second key.  I just hope Pat’s university pal can shed some light on it.’
‘I believe Inshallah is the correct term; God willing.’
‘Inshallah is right,’ Atreus agreed nodding.  ‘We could use some Inshallah right about now.’
‘Did Jack have any other surprises for us?’ Cassandra asked, moving around the end of the shelf and across to a large box overflowing with pashmina shawls.
‘No, but there is something else we have to discuss.’
‘What’s that?’ she queried as she lifted up a pale orange and white shawl for closer inspection.
‘Something Theo said, but I’d prefer it if we went upstairs to talk about it,’ he answered, moving in behind her to look over her shoulder.
‘Let me just have a look through these?  You know I adore pashminas?’
‘You don’t say?  Last time I checked, you had several thousand of them, so why not add another one to the hoard?’ Atreus remarked, turning away to scan a selection of pictorial books on a rack behind him.
‘I know you like them too.  You’re just in denial of your feminine side.’
‘No I’m not.  You’re my feminine side and I like to stay in touch with that as much as I can.’
‘Oh, that’s sweet,’ Cassandra said, looking over her shoulder, ‘and corny, but I like it anyway.’
‘Anytime.’
‘These are new, madam,’ the salesman declared as he reappeared from the fringes to assist Cassandra.  ‘Direct from Kashmir.  Very beautiful.’
‘They certainly are,’ Cassandra replied, choosing another specimen for inspection.
 Meanwhile, Atreus continued to pretend searching through the books, allowing Cassandra’s haggling to fall into the background.  Picking out one of the volumes, he started flipping through the pages, but instead of reading anything, he let his mind fill with Jack, wondering if the creature was in the shop with them or had indeed left him on the beach.  He also wondered if Jack had anything to do with the surprise return of Lord Amherst, Enzo and especially Tito.  Just knowing that monster was still alive and undoubtedly very cranky, sent chills ratcheting up his spine.
Then two things happened.  First Atreus turned a page in his book and froze, his gaze tunnelling into the image in front of him.  Immediately, he began recording every square millimetre on show.  Then without thinking, he stepped backwards and bumped into something; something that seemed to recoil and move out of his way.  Atreus overbalanced, accidentally flipped the book closed and lurched to the side.  Managing to keep his feet, he clumsily straightened and turned to investigate the source of his accident.
To his surprise, he found nothing but empty space.  Sensing Cassandra and the salesman looking at him, he glanced sideways at them and shrugged before turning away to make light of the matter.  Cassandra shook her head while the salesman looked puzzlingly at him and mumbled something in Arabic.
‘Don’t worry about him,’ Cassandra said, dragging the salesman’s attention back to the pashminas.  ‘He’s never been very good on his feet.  Let’s have a look at the one you’ve got there.’
The salesman obliged and held up the shawl in his hands, extracting a delighted gasp from Cassandra, who put down the pashmina she held in her hands and pulled the one from his grasp.
‘This is just beautiful,’ she crooned.  ‘Trey, have a look at this one.’
With his composure regained, Atreus turned back and moved across to Cassandra.  Reaching out, he rubbed the soft, woollen fabric between his fingers, trying to look impressed.
‘Lovely.  I like it,’ he said.
‘This will go perfectly with my lilac gown.  How much?’
‘Normally twenty rials, but for a pretty lady like you, only ten.’
‘Five rials,’ Cassandra shot back, still admiring the garment.
‘Eight.  My best offer.’
‘Seven and it’s sold.’
‘Seven it is,’ the salesman conceded with a bow of his head.  ‘I shall wrap it for you.’
‘Oh, goody,’ Cassandra bubbled as she handed the pashmina back to the salesman.  Turning around she faced Atreus and asked, ‘What’s that you’ve got there?’
‘Timeless Dhofar.  A Photographic History of Southern Oman’s Ancient Heritage,’ Atreus replied, holding the pictorial book up for Cassandra to see the cover.  ‘It’s pretty good and it could come in handy?’
‘Would you like to add the book to the pashmina?’ the salesman asked from the counter.
Atreus thought about it for a moment and then closed the book, nodding.
‘Yeah, tack it on.  I’ll cover both of them,’ he said as he crossed to hand the book over for wrapping.
‘Now what’s this thing about Theo?’ Cassandra asked.
‘Let’s talk about it upstairs,’ Atreus casually replied.  ‘I want Pat there as well.’
‘Sounds important?’
‘It’s just about our little fracas out in the desert this morning.  Even though Theo thinks he’ll be alright, we might have to go in as witnesses to back him up if he gets hauled in front of a jury,’ Atreus lied, eager now to get out of the shop and divulge the real information Theo had supplied.
‘A jury?’ Cassandra quizzed.  ‘Could he get court martialled?’
‘Upstairs,’ Atreus said, pointing to the ceiling.  ‘Let’s do it there.  We can see how Pat’s faring with his university pal at the same time.  Let’s hope he has some good news about Al Balid.’

48.

Patroclus pressed the doorbell to Atreus’ suite and waited for a reply.  A few moments later the door opened and his brother let him in, only to rudely manhandle him across the room towards the closed bathroom door.
‘Hey!  What’s your game?’ Patroclus complained.
‘Hang on,’ Atreus answered as he pulled open the door to shove Patroclus in, where he bumped into Cassandra who was already standing inside, the bewildered look on her face matching Patroclus’.
‘Trey, what are you doing?’ Patroclus pushed again.
‘Shut up and hang on,’ Atreus replied as he quickly pulled the door closed behind him then brushed past Cassandra to turn on the basin taps and ensure a strong, noisy flow of water.
Patroclus and Cassandra looked agape at each other and then boggled even more as Atreus also turned on the shower taps, leaving the curtain half drawn to increase the noise and confusion in the room.  Atreus then dashed back to the door, rechecked it was firmly closed and finally locked it.
‘Have you completely lost your...?’ Patroclus started, but was pulled up short by Atreus’ raised hand.
Atreus then stood still and listened intently for something neither Patroclus nor Cassandra could hear nor conceive.  Meanwhile, Patroclus silently looked wide-eyed at Cassandra who returned the expression.  Both of them then turned to Atreus who had still not moved.  After another few moments, Atreus eventually broke the pause.
‘Okay.  That should do it,’ he said.
‘Do what?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Be enough noise to drown out our voices,’ Atreus replied, ‘but maybe we should crowd in a bit and whisper, just to make sure.’
‘I think we’ll be...’ Patroclus tried to reply, but was cut-off by his brother grabbing both him and Cassandra and pulling them inwards into a tight huddle in the centre of the bathroom.  Patroclus tried to pull free, but his brother’s grip held him tightly in place.
‘Stop it, Trey!’ he protested.  ‘This is ridiculous!  You’re wasting precious water and carrying on like a lunatic?  What’s gotten into you?’
Atreus looked at them both and then leaned in even closer, gesturing with his finger that they do likewise.  Patroclus rolled his eyes, but relented.  So did Cassandra.
‘I need to tell you both something that might freak you out, but before I do,’ Atreus started whispering, ‘I need to make sure Jack isn’t around to eavesdrop on us.’
‘Is the Niagara Falls impersonation necessary?’ Patroclus drawled.
‘Yes, because if Jack finds out what I know, this whole gig could get blown apart, especially now that I’ve just found out my suspicions are probably true.’
‘What suspicions?’ Patroclus whispered back, feeling very silly.
‘Hold on.  First things first,’ Atreus replied.  As I was saying to Cas downstairs in the shop, while I was outside on the beach, Jack turned up.  I think he was spying on me, but I busted him when I saw his footprints magically appear in the sand.’
‘What did he want?’
‘He wanted to know how our search for the second key was progressing, so I told him we went out to the ruins in the desert past Ubar, but discovered that the second key was gone.’
‘Did you tell him about Amherst showing up and the helicopter shoot-out?’
‘No.  I still don’t trust the critter well enough and I thought it was a good chance to test him to see if he knew more than he was letting on.’
‘And did he?’
‘We’ll get onto that in a second, but as far as I was concerned, all I wanted him to know was that we had no idea where the second key could be for now.’
‘What did he think about that?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Miffed.’
‘Is that when he told you about the scanner?’ Cassandra asked.
‘Yes.’
‘What scanner?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Well, right after I said to Jack that we had no idea where the second key could be,’ Atreus replied, ‘and that it might in fact be anywhere in the world and it was all looking pretty hopeless, pow!  Out he comes with news of this electromagnetic scanner of his that he can use to track the locations of the keys.’
‘He’s got a scanner?’ Patroclus asked wide-eyed.  ‘Why didn’t he tell us about this before?’
‘You’re the third person to ask that,’ Atreus replied.  ‘No idea, but he did say that while we were in Jerusalem, the scanner showed a large anomaly covering almost all of the Arabian Peninsula, suggesting to him that the keys had probably started to go bad after centuries of lying around.  Turns out though, when Amherst pinched the first key off us and brought it to Yemen, the anomaly changed in size and centred over the southwestern coast of Arabia and now that we’ve pinched it back again and have it here in Salalah, the anomaly has shrunk even further to centre just twenty kilometres east of us here with a radius of about one hundred kilometres.’
‘So, what you’re saying,’ Patroclus asked slowly, ‘is that the reason the anomaly covered almost all of the Arabian Peninsula was because the keys actually lay at both ends of the peninsula whereas now, they’re closer together somewhere near Salalah?’
‘Yes!  Exactly!  What it also means is that the size and extent of the anomaly now rules out Ubar as a resting place for the second key as it’s more than one hundred kilometres away from Salalah.’
‘Which really only leaves Al Balid as a potential site,’ Cassandra said.
‘That’s right,’ Patroclus agreed, slowly nodding.
‘Hold on,’ Atreus said.  ‘Before we jump to that conclusion, we first need to talk about what happened in the shop downstairs, after I left Jack outside on the beach.’
Patroclus and Cassandra both looked at him, their eyes narrowing.
‘Cas, do you remember in the shop when I tripped over and stumbled around so you and the assistant could laugh at me?’
‘We didn’t laugh at you, but it was pretty clumsy,’ she replied.
‘Pat, to explain.  What happened was, while I left Cas unsupervised to pillage a pile of pashminas in the downstairs gift shop, I tried to disguise my searching for our invisible alien friend by picking up a random photo book off the rack and flipping through it.’
‘I thought you said you left Jack on the beach?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Yeah, that’s what he told me, but like the old saying goes, never trust a one million year-old, invisible alien who thinks he can travel through time.’
‘So, what’s with the clumsiness?’
‘Well, as I was flicking through this photo book as nonchalantly as I could, whammo!’
Patroclus held his brother’s excited expression for a few moments, until it became clear Atreus was not going on any further.
‘Whammo what?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Whammo, happenstance,’ Atreus replied.
‘That doesn’t tell me anything, Trey.’
‘I found something in the book,’ Atreus resumed, his energy levels starting to rise as the story continued, ‘something that might lead us to the second key, but when I found this thing, I stepped backwards  to turn and show Cassandra, but in so doing, ran into something and tripped.  Then when I turned around to see what I’d run into, there was nothing there.  At least nothing I could see.’
Patroclus’ eyebrows raised and he said, ‘So, you think you tripped over Jack because he was invisible and standing right behind you?’
‘Bingo!  It could only have been Jack,’ Atreus replied, jabbing his index finger at his sibling, ‘and he must have been lurking behind me, peeking over my shoulder at the picture I found in the book.’
‘And this picture in the book is important?’
‘Not just important.  It’s galactically important!’ Atreus whispered loudly.
Patroclus shied back a little at his brother’s protestation and said, ‘So, you’ve herded us both in here and turned on all the taps like they do in B grade spy movies to hide this news from Jack just in case he didn’t see your galactically important picture?’
‘Bingo again!’
‘So, what is this book you were so nonchalantly flipping through?’ Patroclus asked.
‘A pictorial history of the ancient heritage of the Dhofar region here in southern Oman.  It’s full of photos of local ruins with excerpts from people who’ve studied them.’
‘Sounds interesting, but what’s this precious, sorry, galactically important picture that’s in it that’s driven you to kidnap Cas and I and lock us in the bathroom with all the taps running?’
Holding up a finger to request a dramatic pause, Atreus looked both Cassandra and Patroclus in the eye in turn then spoke again.  ‘The page I opened to before tripping over Jack, showed a small, courtyard laid with limestone flags.  The flagstones were all plain and unadorned except the central one, which bore an inscribed symbol; a symbol that suffice to say, was as clear and as plain as the sun in a blue sky and as familiar to me as I am to both of you.’
Another pause.
‘Alright, enough with the theatrics, Trey,’ Patroclus scolded.  ‘We’re wasting water.’
Atreus ignored the criticism and continued, ‘It was a picture of the second key, exactly the same as what we found on the Holiest of Holies out in the Empty Quarter this morning, so without knowing it and completely by accident, I may have found the potential alternative location of the second key.’
‘You found the second key?’ Patroclus whispered excitedly back, his enthusiasm instantly ratcheting up.  ‘The ruins in the picture, were they of Al Balid or somewhere else?’
‘I don’t know yet,’ Atreus answered.  ‘I didn’t have time to read the caption on the photo.’
‘You didn’t have time to...well, get the book out and let’s have a look, you cretin!’ Patroclus chided, who’s face suddenly contorted into anxiety.  ‘Wait on.  Where is the book?  You did buy it, didn’t you?’
‘Of course I did.’
‘You didn’t then leave it lying around outside in the suite for Jack to find did you while we huddle around in the bathroom like village idiots?’
‘Relax.  Relax,’ Atreus said, releasing himself from the group and opening the vanity doors below the basin.  ‘I put it straight in here with Cas when we came upstairs.’
‘Well, open it up, man!  Let’s find out where we need to go,’ Patroclus urged.
‘One more thing though, before we do,’ Atreus said holding up a finger.  ‘As I said, while I was outside speaking to Jack, I deliberately avoided telling him that we had seen Amherst in the desert or anything about our reclaiming the first key from him, but to my surprise, Jack blurted out that he already knew we had it.’
‘How could he know that?’ Cassandra asked.
‘Apparently he just assumed it because of the focusing of the electromagnetic anomaly over the Salalah area.’
‘That’s a rather large assumption,’ Patroclus said.
‘Yes.  A little too large for me,’ Atreus agreed.  ‘I suspect in reality, he was actually out in the desert spying on us.  Anyway, just as Jack tells me this, Theo calls, so I politely ask Jack to mind his own business while I spoke with Theo.’
‘And did he?’ Cassandra asked askance.
‘Maybe?  I don’t know.  At least I didn’t see any footprints appear in the sand near me, but then again he might have some sort of footprint cloaking device too?’
‘Why was Theo calling?  Was it about his trial for what happened this morning?’ Cassandra asked.
‘Forget that.  I made it up as a cover story for Jack’s benefit,’ Atreus replied.  ‘Theo’s in the clear for our little desert shoot-out, but what Theo really did have to say was much worse.’
‘And that was?’
‘Apparently some of his men were at the airport after we came back and they saw the Freemason’s blue Huey fly in.  The descriptions of the three men that got out however, were not of the Freemasons, but of Amherst, his short, curly-haired henchman and that monster I fried in the fire, Tito.’
‘Amherst’s free?’ Patroclus gasped.  Atreus nodded.  ‘And he’s here in Salalah?’
‘It would seem so,’ Atreus replied.
‘Then we have to get the second key and get out of here as quickly as we can,’ Patroclus said, raising his voice and turning to leave the bathroom.
‘Hang on,’ Atreus said, clutching Patroclus by the elbow and pulling him back into the huddle.  ‘Get back here and keep your voice down.’
‘But, we need to...!’
‘Yes, we do need to, but running around like headless chickens is not going to help.’
‘What then do you suggest?’ Cassandra asked.
‘Well, the way I see it, Jack hasn’t been completely honest with us and that means we can’t trust him anymore.  Not only does it seem like he was out at the helicopter party this morning keeping an eye on us, but then after we took Amherst and his boys prisoner, Jack’s gone and let them loose and most likely killed our not so friendly Freemason buddies to boot.  Why he’d do that I don’t know, but Jack also knows that we have the first key and to make matters worse, he might even know the location of the second key after spying on me downstairs.  Then, finally, and this is the worst part, with Amherst and his hit men now lurking around town somewhere, for all we know, they could be waiting outside that door, guns drawn, ready to finish us off.’
Cassandra and Patroclus both slowly drew their gazes towards the closed bathroom door.  The sound of the running shower and taps filled the small room.  Nothing could be heard from outside.
‘So what do we do?’ Patroclus asked hesitantly.
‘There’s only one thing we can do,’ Atreus replied.
‘What’s that?’
‘Look in the book.’

49.

In room 403 of the Salalah Crowne Plaza Hotel, Lord Amherst stood staring down at the sleeping Tito, struggling to believe it was the same man that had been virtually incinerated a mere few hours ago.  Before administering Jack’s medication, Tito’s body had been an appalling patchwork of burns and blisters; the man’s death all but painfully assured.  Now, his physical condition appeared to be no more than a severe case of sunburn; a state that bothered Tito little more than a fly bothers an elephant.
Lord Amherst mulled over his options.  He hated having to use hired help, but Atreus Knight had proven a most difficult adversary and a man of Tito’s calibre might yet come in handy.  It also appeared Tito had developed a particular dislike of Atreus; a dislike which had bloomed into full on homicidal obsession.  If everything played out right, the man’s hunting knife might finally get put to good use.
Then there was Enzo.  He was a much different story.  Sliding his gaze sideways, Amherst looked at his lead henchman who stood beside him, curling his upper lip as he did.  He could no longer suppress his utter distaste for the man, but like Tito, Enzo still served a purpose.
‘Bring him to me when he wakes up,’ Lord Amherst ordered.
Enzo brusquely nodded in return, his loathing of Lord Amherst equally matured.  Suddenly, fury flickered across Lord Amherst’s face.  Slowly, he turned to face his associate and sneered, ‘Remember this, little man.  If you finish the job, you will get paid.  That I can guarantee, but if either you or him, walk out on me now, all you will have to look forward to is a shorter life expectancy.  Is that clear?’
Clenching his jaws tight, Enzo kept his quiet and kept looking down at Tito, avoiding his employer’s rage.  Meanwhile, Lord Amherst continued to glare.  Seconds passed.  Neither man moved.  A phone rang.  Lord Amherst spun away.  Walking out of the bedroom and into the living room, he answered his mobile phone.  Jack’s name showed on the screen.
‘I trust you have good news for me?’ he asked tersely.
‘You have to move, now,’ Jack replied.
‘Why?  What’s going on?’
‘Atreus Knight and his brother have just left the Hilton Hotel, driving towards the east,’ Jack explained.  ‘I suspect they have discovered the location of the second key and are en route to acquire it.’
‘How do you know this?’
‘I have just come from Atreus’ location and after observing him, I have concluded he has the relevant information regarding the second key’s whereabouts.  You must follow him and relieve him of it and the first key at once.’
‘Precisely where is the second key located?’ Lord Amherst asked.
‘I am not completely certain.  Atreus attempted to conceal this information from me, but I overheard him mention a place called Al Balid.  Apparently there are ancient ruins of some description there.’
‘How do I get to this Al Balid?’
‘Like I said Atreus is driving east, so I suggest you immediately arrange some transport and begin doing the same.  I can follow Atreus’ progress from my ship and update you further when the path and his destination become clearer.’
Lord Amherst sensed a hint of urgency in the alien’s voice.  For the first time it seemed even Jack had realised his underestimation of Atreus Knight.  The man had continually been one step ahead of them and now at the end, it seemed there was a remote possibility that Atreus might actually foil them completely.  Lord Amherst’s vision of limitless wealth and power shimmered.
‘Remember, Lord Amherst,’ Jack said evenly.  ‘If you fail me now, we all fail and that will not bode well for you.  We are at the last.’
The connection went dead.  Lord Amherst lowered the phone, his eyes hardening to slate.  Tension tightened his jaw forcing ripples to run across his cheeks.  Pure malice consumed him as a single image filled his mind, that of Atreus Knight dying a gruesome, horrible death at the hands of Tito.  This would be the man’s destiny.  This would be the man’s final demise.  Atreus Knight would die, tonight, and nothing on Earth could stop it.

50.

Atreus turned the cabriolet Porsche 911 into the western end of As Sultan Qaboos Street, the sparse, late afternoon traffic allowing him to move a little faster than the speed limit, but not so fast as to attract the attention of the authorities.  He knew haste was paramount, but not at the expense of being tied up by the police for a minor traffic offence; something which if handled badly in this part of the world, could land you in jail for days.
‘What’s the time?’ Atreus asked as they drove past a line of barasti shops selling fresh coconuts and bananas.
‘Why should I tell you?’ Patroclus grumbled from the back seat.  ‘You’re the one who gave your watch away to a complete stranger.’
‘Cas, can I have the time, please?’ Atreus asked Cassandra who sat next to him in the front passenger seat.  ‘I can’t find the clock in this thing.’
‘Almost four o’clock,’ she answered.
‘Thanks.  At least someone’s got some manners.’
‘I gave you that Rolex for Christmas,’ Patroclus persisted, ‘and you callously pawned it to some fellow we’ll never see again.’
‘We needed wheels, Pat,’ Atreus replied, ‘so, I loaned my watch to him as security for his car.’
‘The watch is gone and he probably is too.  You’ll never see either of them again.’
‘We’re driving his Porsche, Pat.  I think there’s every chance we’ll see him again.’
‘Who swaps a brand new Rolex for a joy ride in some souped up go-kart anyway?’ Patroclus began.
‘Joy ride?’ Atreus mocked.  ‘Who was the freak hooning around in his Jaguar on the streets of Jerusalem a few days ago?’
‘That was different and you know it.’
‘Different?  How?  At least I’m not doing ninety miles an hour on two wheels like you were?  Fair dinkum, Pat, change the record.  Whenever I do something you don’t like, it’s wrong, but when you do something stupid, it’s okay because it’s different, whatever that means.  You’re a bloody...’
‘That’s enough, boys,’ Cassandra broke in.  ‘We’re off to save the world remember?  A little bit of focus might not be a bad thing, so before either of you start sulking, can someone explain to me where we’re going?’
Both men immediately fell silent.
‘I said no sulking.’
Atreus huffed and started to speak.  ‘The caption in the book…’
‘You watch the road,’ Patroclus butted-in, leaning forward to better speak with Cassandra over the noise of the rushing air through the open-topped car.  ‘I’ll explain.’
Atreus’ eyes narrowed, his clenched hands squeaking on the leather steering wheel grip.  Fighting the urge to bite back, he kept silent and glowered at the road ahead.
Patroclus continued.  ‘We’re going to Khor Rori, which according to the book is a tidal inlet just east of Salalah that hosts an ancient citadel called Sumhuram.  The University of Pisa and the American Foundation for the Study of Man have both excavated and restored large parts of the site and according to their carbon dating, have placed Sumhuram’s origins in the fourth century BC, which is about six hundred years too young to have been founded by the Queen of Sheba, but given the symbology of the second key at the site, I think we can safely assume it is in fact much older and was probably founded or at least ruled at some stage by the Queen herself.  Apparently Sumhuram was also a major trading port due to Khor Rori being a natural harbour, so it seems likely it may have acted as an export site for frankincense to anywhere in the known world at the time, making it a valuable asset to the Queen and a likely place she would frequent to oversee her operations or maybe even receive dignitaries from time to time.  Given it’s also within the range of the electromagnetic anomaly Jack has outlined to us, I’d say it’s our number one candidate in finding the second key.’
‘So, we’re not going to Al Balid now because the symbology of the second key at Sumhuram puts it ahead?’
‘Yes.  It’s evidence we can’t pass up.’
‘That seems fair enough,’ Cassandra said, ‘but isn’t it also true that relics of significant worth are usually found depicted all over the realm of ancient empires?  Couldn’t this engraving of the key at Sumhuram simply be a decoration and not necessarily a direct indicator of it being housed on site?’
‘That’s possible, yes, but the engraving in the courtyard could also be part of Sumhuram’s Holiest of Holies, similar to the one Trey found out in the desert.  If the Queen of Sheba was in the habit of carrying the second key around with her when she travelled, then this place where the engraving is in Sumhuram, could be where she housed it when she was in residence there.’
‘So it might be possible that whilst the second key’s primary place of residence was at the lost city in the Rub al Khali, the key may actually have been residing in this alternative Holiest of Holies at Sumhuram when the temple was pillaged?’
‘Exactly!’
‘But, what if there are more alternative Holiest of Holies other than the one out here at Sumhuram?’ Cassandra asked.  ‘Couldn’t the second key still be secreted in one of them and we don’t know where it is, like at Al Balid for example?’
‘That’s a possibility, yes, but we can only work with what we know,’ Patroclus replied shrugging.
‘There’s the Sultan’s Palace,’ Atreus said, flicking his head to a massive set of wooden doors leading through a huge stone wall on their right hand side.  ‘He’s got absolute beach front out the back.  Not bad for a holiday shack.’
‘If you like that sort of thing,’ Patroclus replied, ‘but I’d rather not have his job.  I can think of better things to do than be the supreme ruler of an Arab state.’
‘Like what?  Save the world from power-crazed Martians?  Yeah, right.’
The imposing stone wall abruptly terminated and Salalah’s central business district materialised, Al Husn Souq.  Noise and activity suddenly filled the sleepy afternoon.  Omani and Indian shop owners called out to them from store fronts that lay cluttered with everything from frankincense and Omani walking-sticks to cheap mobile phones and FC Barcelona football shirts.  Food stalls lined the roadside, infusing the air with the aromas of cooked meats and spices.  People crammed the footpaths and overflowed onto the streets, forcing Atreus to slow down to negotiate them.  Children ran alongside the car, smiling and laughing, some of them asking for money or lollies.  It was market time and Salalah had come out to shop.
‘This is fantastic!’ Cassandra said, absorbing every sight, sound and smell she could latch on to.  ‘We have to come back here when this is all over.’
‘Let’s hope we’re still alive when this is all over?’ Atreus replied.
Patroclus retrieved a tourist map of Salalah from his pocket and quickly studied it.  ‘If this is Al Husn souq, then Al Balid should be a few kilometres up ahead on the right.’
Quickly the crowds thinned out and the shop fronts dwindled.  The buildings grew less crowded together and the beach became visible through the gaps.  Youths wandered the water’s edge, a chorus of shouting and laughter rising from a rag-tag game of football.  No sooner had they entered the heart of the town and they were now on their way out.
A few minutes further down the road, Cassandra leaned forward in her seat and asked, ‘What does that brown sign say up ahead?’
Atreus slowed the car down as a high chain-link fence appeared on the right hand side.  Behind it lay a large expanse of open, unkempt and thickly grassed land.  A broad tidal inlet ran parallel to the road just inside the fence with the open ocean visible in the background.  A scattering of heavily eroded and poorly preserved ruins dotted the space, their dilapidated appearance matching the untidy surrounds.
‘Ten bucks this is Al Balid,’ Atreus said pulling the Porsche onto the side of the road beneath the brown sign.  Looking up, the three of them read the English transcription to confirm Atreus’ suspicions.
‘Al Balid Archaeological Park,’ Patroclus read aloud.  He then turned and looked through the fence at the expanse beyond.  ‘It looks pretty sorry.’
‘And pretty closed,’ Atreus pointed out, gesturing to a nearby gate that was firmly secured by a large chain and padlock.  ‘It’s a good thing we’re not coming here first, but if we have to come back, we might need a lock pick or some bolt-cutters to get in and then maybe a lawn mower or some napalm to search the place.  Let’s hope Sumhuram’s a little more archaeologically friendly.’
‘The book did say the excavations and restorations at Sumhuram had been extensive,’ Patroclus replied brightly, ‘so maybe they’ve managed to clean it up better than this place?’
‘Only one way to find out,’ Atreus said, accelerating back out onto the road.
The archaeological park continued along the coast for another kilometre or so before the chain-link fence halted and gave way to the more ordered arrangements of a large orchard.  Then a Shell service station appeared on the left hand side of the road.
‘Hold on,’ Atreus said, slowing the car.  ‘I’ve got to duck in here for a second.’
The Porsche swung across the road and turned into the petrol station to halt by the attendant’s small shop.
‘What are you doing?’ Patroclus asked.  ‘What’s so important you’ve got to stop right now for it?’
‘Spray paint,’ Atreus replied simply.
‘Spray paint?’ Patroclus repeated.  ‘I hope you’re not planning on painting markings all over the ruins?’
‘Relax.  I’m no vandal.  You know that,’ Atreus replied, jumping out of the car without bothering to open the door.
‘Then why do you need it?’
‘Body painting,’ he called back as he jogged up the stairs.
Patroclus turned to look at Cassandra who mirrored his raised eyebrows.  ‘I don’t know,’ he said shrugging.  ‘We’re only brothers.  You’re the one who wants to marry him.’

51.

The clear winter sky provided Jack an unimpeded view of the silver Porsche as it travelled all the way from the Hilton Hotel, through downtown Salalah to stop at the gates to Al Balid and then pull into the Shell petrol station.  He now watched Atreus bound up the steps and disappear into the small store.  Jack picked up his mobile phone and dialled a number.
‘Where are they?’ Lord Amherst asked from the other end.
‘They have halted at a petrol-filling station approximately three kilometres northeast of your lodgings at the Crowne Plaza hotel,’ Jack supplied.  ‘Where are you and have you managed to secure suitable transport?’
‘We’ve just left the hotel and are turning right to get out onto the main road to head east,’ Lord Amherst replied as he accelerated out of the side-street and onto the highway.  ‘Tito persuaded the hotel manager it would be in his best interests to loan his Land Cruiser to us.’
‘What colour is your vehicle?’
‘Dark green.  Can you see us?’
‘I have you in sight.  The petrol-filling station where Atreus is located is approximately two kilometres ahead on your left side.  His silver-coloured, open-topped vehicle is parked next to the entrance to the building beside the pumps.  You should see it imminently.’
Lord Amherst took his eyes from the road and noted a Shell sign looming in the near distance.  ‘I see the petrol station,’ he said.  ‘Hold on while I pull over.’
He then placed the mobile phone on the dashboard and turned the Land Cruiser onto the right side of the road across from the Shell station.  Pressing a button, he lowered his driver’s side window and peered out.  The cabriolet Porsche stood in clear sight at the base of the steps leading up to the store.  Lord Amherst picked up the phone.
‘The man even lacks taste in cars,’ he drawled.  ‘German rubbish.’
‘Can you see Atreus?’ Jack asked.
‘No, but I can see his brother in the car and another woman.  Who is she?’
‘It’s not important,’ Jack replied.  ‘Atreus is inside the building.  You should see him as soon as he…’
‘Got him,’ Lord Amherst interrupted.  ‘He’s at the door now.  He’s got something in his hands and he’s looking around.’
‘Has he noticed you?’
‘No, but he’s still looking about.  Now he’s looking up at the sky.’
‘Why is he doing that?’
‘Probably searching for your ship?  I don’t know.  Now he’s looking around again.’
‘Has he seen you?’
‘No.  He’s putting his sunglasses on and walking down the steps.  I think he’s missed - wait!  Blast!’
‘What?’
‘He just looked up.’
‘What do you mean?’ Jack pushed.
‘He just looked up and across the road.’
‘Has he seen you?’
A pause.
‘Have you been discovered?’ Jack asked urgently.
‘Yes, I think so,’ Lord Amherst replied quietly.
‘Are you certain?’
‘Well, considering he’s standing frozen and staring straight at me tends to suggest so.  What do you want me to do?’
‘Get him!  Get him now!’

52.

Atreus stopped halfway down the steps and froze, staring into space.
‘Come on, Trey!’ Patroclus called from the rear of the Porsche.  ‘We don’t have time to stand around!’
Atreus didn’t move.
‘Get in the car and let’s get cracking!’ Patroclus urged.  ‘Amherst could be right behind us!’
Atreus jolted back to reality.  Hurtling himself down the steps, he threw the brown paper bag containing the spray paint to his brother.  Patroclus clumsily caught the can while Atreus leapt into the front seat to twist the key and ignite the Porsche to life.
‘You know, Pat?’ Atreus called out, revving the engine.  ‘I hate it when you’re almost right!’
‘Why?  What are you talking about?’ Patroclus shouted back.
‘Amherst isn’t right behind us!’ he called out.  ‘He’s right next to us!’
Patroclus and Cassandra both turned to investigate.  Their gazes found a dark green four-wheel drive vehicle parked on the shoulder of the road, its driver’s side window down and the unmistakable face of Lord Amherst filling the space.
‘Oh, no!’ Patroclus moaned.  ‘What are we going to…?’
A screech of tyres cut him off as the Porsche launched forward, the silver sports car roaring into action.  Cassandra and Patroclus felt themselves squeeze into the backs of their seats.  Atreus pulled the cabriolet into a tight right arc and powered towards the road.  Lord Amherst reacted instantly, pushing his Land Cruiser into drive and flooring the accelerator.  Dirt shot out from under his wheels as the big four-wheel drive lurched forward.
Atreus fixed his sights on an entry point to the road.  Lord Amherst fixed his sights on exactly the same point.  The Porsche screamed at full fury.  The Land Cruiser roared on.  It would be inches to safety or full-on to disaster.
‘Hold on!’ Atreus yelled as they leapt the kerb and skittered onto the bitumen.
The Porsche popped out just ahead, but it wasn’t enough.  The Land Cruiser slammed into the right side of the sports car, ricocheting it to the left and straightening it up on the road.  Atreus’ vision swam, but he kept his foot pressed down hard on the accelerator, keeping the Porsche powering ahead.  The Land Cruiser kept pace, the two cars now speeding along side by side on the road.
Atreus’ eyesight cleared.  He looked to the right.  Lord Amherst’s face grinned back at him from the Land Cruiser.  Atreus snarled.  The Land Cruiser veered inwards and slammed the Porsche side on again.  Atreus’ hands slipped on the steering wheel and his foot bounced off the throttle, but he managed to just keep control.  Glancing sideways at Cassandra, he found her curled up in the seat, her eyes open, but her wits elsewhere.  In the rear view mirror he found Patroclus also doubled over on the back seat, white and shaking.  The car violently shunted sideways again as the Land Cruiser hit them a third time.
‘Screw this,’ Atreus muttered.  Jamming his foot down hard on the accelerator, he pulled slightly to the left to increase the distance between him and the Land Cruiser.  Lord Amherst noticed this and angled in again to drive the Porsche off the road.  Atreus edged sideways as the Porsche picked up speed.  The Land Cruiser kept coming.  The Porsche’s wheels kicked up dirt off the shoulder of the road.  Atreus was out of room.  Lord Amherst came in for the kill, then, right on the brink of collision, the world morphed into something else.
A super, high-pitched whirl filled the air as the Porsche’s turbo-charger kicked in.  Tunnel-vision consumed Atreus, the outside world disappearing amidst a blur of speed.  The Porsche suddenly howled ahead, leaving the Land Cruiser to wail pathetically in its wake.  If Atreus had had the nerve to take his eyes off the road and look in his rear view mirror, he would have seen Lord Amherst bang his hand on the steering wheel, but Atreus had other concerns to deal with.
The sudden rush of velocity had taken him by surprise and all his brain could manage was to steer the flying silver bullet.  Fortunately the road was long and straight, but in the space of less than four seconds, they were on their way over one hundred kilometres per hour and still accelerating at break-neck speed.  Atreus was holding on for the ride and not thinking of anything else.
‘Trey!’ Patroclus screamed from the back seat.  ‘Slow down!’
Atreus heard nothing.
Patroclus unglued his right hand from the back of Cassandra’s seat and reached across to frantically grab his brother’s shoulder.  Atreus jumped and turned his head to look back.
‘Camel!’ Cassandra screamed.
Atreus snapped back to the front and sure enough Cassandra was right.  A tawny brown head attached to a long snaking neck was emerging from behind a clump of acacia trees on the left side of the road.  The animal stepped onto the bitumen, looked to its right, and froze.  The beast filled Atreus’ vision.  Three quarters of a tonne of hide, hair and flesh stood transfixed in the centre of the road, two hundred metres in front of them.  It was too late to think.  They were upon it.  Atreus jerked the wheel right and prayed.
The screech of tyres filled the air.  The Porsche drifted right onto the opposite side of the road, straying onto the edge of the shoulder.  Dust flicked up.  The Porsche straightened.  The car flashed past the camel, the creature not even having time to flinch.  They were clear.
‘Car!’ Cassandra screamed again.
A red, Toyota Hilux appeared dead ahead, travelling towards them in the other direction.  Atreus jerked the wheel to the left.  The tyres squealed again.  The car shifted sideways and the slow moving Hilux whizzed past.
‘Round-about!’ Cassandra screamed a third time.
This time Atreus hit the brakes.  Grey smoke flumed up behind the cabriolet as the nineteen inch tyres bit into the asphalt.  The world continued to career past.  The palm-tree laden round-about grew larger in front of them.  The squeal of rubber continued.  Atreus braced himself for impact.  The car slowed, then stopped, right at the entrance to the roundabout.
All three passengers jolted forwards against their seatbelts and then bounced back into their seats.  Atreus, Patroclus and Cassandra sat transfixed, their brains struggling to comprehend the last few seconds of their lives and how many times fate had tried to snatch their lives away.  Then they heard a sound and looked to their right, their trip through surreality continuing.
Trotting round the roundabout, came a herd of fully grown camels, the animals casually cantering along the road like any normal traffic.  Sauntering past the silver sports car, the herd completely ignored them, until the last camel, which turned its head towards them, let forth a guttural bellow and continued on its way.  Silence enveloped the car.  Atreus broke the pause first.
‘Now there’s something you don’t see every day,’ he said.
Cassandra pried her hands free of the dashboard and flexed them.
‘You okay?’ Atreus asked her.
Cassandra turned to look at him.  Her face was still white and even though she wanted to answer, she struggled to get any words past her trembling lips.
‘I’m...fine,’ she replied quietly.  ‘Just...don’t...do that...again.’
‘Count on it,’ Atreus replied before turning to check on his brother.  ‘Pat, you okay?’
‘I’m alive,’ Patroclus replied breathlessly, ‘but only just.’
‘That makes three of us then and that’s the good news.  The bad news is, I think I can kiss my Rolex goodbye.  Amherst banged us up pretty good.’
‘Forget the Rolex,’ Patroclus added.  ‘Let’s just get out of here before Amherst catches up and gets to bang us up a second time.’
‘Amen to that.’
‘Oh, and, Trey?’ Patroclus called from the back seat.
‘What?’ Atreus answered as he slipped the car into gear.
‘Don’t you ever call me a hoon again.’
Atreus chuckled.  ‘Fair call,’ he said as he gently eased the Porsche onto the roundabout.  ‘Man, I got to get me one of these.’
‘No, you don’t,’ Cassandra said shaking her head.  ‘All you have to do is drive this one sedately down the road to Sumhuram okay?  If you’re going to save the world, you have to be alive to do it.’
Cassandra’s comment rang home.  Atreus knew they had only just escaped Amherst and avoided being killed, yet the real challenge was still ahead of them.  They still had to find the second key, probably fight off Amherst again and then finally deal with a treacherous alien, all of which, he really had no idea how they were going to do.  With a careful eye on the rear view mirror, Atreus drove the Porsche away, wondering if his luck could hold true any longer.
	
*          *          *

Lord Amherst banged the steering wheel as the Porsche pulled away.  Even with the accelerator of the Land Cruiser pressed to the floor, he stood no chance of competing with the highly-tuned power of the sports car.  He had missed his chance.
‘What do we do now?’ Enzo asked from the front passenger seat.
‘You can begin by keeping your puerile, little mouth closed to let me think,’ Lord Amherst hissed as he eased his foot off the accelerator to slow the car down and swerve past a camel.
Enzo crossed his arms and glowered.  Lord Amherst’s mobile phone chimed.  He picked it up and noted Jack’s number before answering it.
‘Before you scold me for letting them go,’ he sneered into the handset, ‘tell me where they’re going, so I can follow.’
‘Discard your concern,’ Jack said on the other end.  ‘I still have Atreus in sight.  I will track him to his destination and guide you there.  Keep this line open.’
‘Just promise me one thing?’ Lord Amherst asked.
‘What?’
‘After we’ve secured the keys and this is over...’
‘Yes?’
‘…I want to personally watch Atreus Knight die.’
‘So it shall be.’

53.

Atreus, Cassandra and Patroclus stood immobile on the stony hillock over looking Khor Rori, staring in wonder at the majesty before them, their quest for the keys to time momentarily forgotten.  In the near distance, twin, rocky headlands parted the shoreline to allow a narrow tidal inlet to slink inland towards them through a winding, rocky vale.  Stretching between the headlands a perfectly crescent-shaped sand bar protected the tranquil waters of the estuary from the wash of the ocean surf.  From their right, the lowering afternoon sun cut a wide swath of liquid gold across the still, unruffled waters, the mirrored surface punctuated only by a scattering of floating ducks and huge Grey Herons stalking the shallows on the edges of the inlet.  Silence enveloped everything.
‘I don’t know what to say,’ Patroclus said quietly.
‘Wow comes to mind,’ Atreus commented.
Patroclus nodded, his gaze roaming.  Atreus turned around and scanned the hills behind them to the northwest.
‘And I assume those are the travertine falls of Wadi Dirbat?’ he said pointing towards a valley opening in the foothills of the Qara mountain range behind them, the sheer cliff beneath the opening glistening in the setting sun.  ‘The sparkle comes from the calcium-rich, travertine deposits smeared across the rock face by the water flow of the falls.’
‘It’s so beautiful.  I’ve never seen anything like it anywhere in the world,’ Cassandra said.  ‘It’s a good thing it’s been World Heritage listed by UNESCO.’
‘Too right,’ Atreus agreed.  ‘Hopefully that’ll keep the developers away or else before you know it, there’ll be a big, fat Shangri-La resort smack-bang in the middle of this place before you can say show me the money.’
‘Yes, I suspect you’re right,’ Patroclus also agreed, sighing.  ‘If not handled properly, tourism could destroy this country virtually overnight.’
‘Anyway, back to saving the world,’ Atreus said, turning to walk back towards the Porsche.  ‘Time is of the essence, dodgy pun intended and looking at the sun, there’s not much essence left today.’
‘No,’ Patroclus concurred, following his brother, ‘and I suspect it won’t be long before Amherst finds out where we are and turns up to cause more trouble.’
Atreus reached the car and leaned in to retrieve the small, palm-sized can of green spray-paint he had bought back at the Shell service station.  He then turned to appraise the real reason they had come to Khor Rori, the ruined citadel of Sumhuram.
Secured behind a ten foot high, chain link fence and compactly positioned over the top of the hill on which they stood, the ruins of Sumhuram comprised what at first glance appeared to be nothing more than a pile of rubble with a few broken walls and crumbling foundations.  Heavy oxidation marred most of the exposed surfaces, staining the limestone black, while weeds and stunted shrubs smattered the layout.  It was all very unkempt.  Nothing could be seen of the interior and very little detail could be made of the exterior.  Atreus frowned, hoping for some better definition of the ancient citadel once they were inside.
A single, padlocked gate provided entry into the ruins and beside it, apparently serving as a crude office for the custodian of the site, there rested a shabby, demountable hut.  Walking across to the hut, Atreus vigorously shook the can of spray-paint, the internal marble rattling as he did so.
Arriving at the closed door to the office, Atreus pocketed the spray paint and rapped loudly on the door.  No other cars were parked in sight and it was late in the day.  No answer ensued, so Atreus knocked again, louder and longer this time.  Still nothing.  Walking around the far corner of the hut, Atreus circumnavigated the building and found all the windows closed with no sign of life.  Returning to the front, he held his arms out to the sides and shrugged.
‘No one’s home,’ he said.
‘That makes things difficult,’ Patroclus replied, putting his hands on his hips.
‘Or easier,’ Atreus said, returning to the Porsche, ‘for where there’s a will…’ he continued before leaning into the car again.  He then straightened and held a new implement up for all to see, waggling it for emphasis.  ‘…there’s a pair of wire-cutters.’
Patroclus bowed and shook his head.  ‘I can’t believe we’re brothers.’
‘Just close your eyes and think of something legal,’ Atreus added.  ‘It’ll be over before you can say ten years with good behaviour for breaking and entering.’
Five minutes later, Atreus had cut three sides of a large rectangle into the chain-link fence.  Pulling the loose sheet of wire outwards, he folded it up and back to create an opening and then after cutting free a few individual strands of wire from the sheet, he used them to tie it back against the fence so the opening remained fixed.
‘Just in case we need to make a quick get-away,’ Atreus added.
‘Clever,’ Patroclus replied, standing back to admire his brother’s handiwork.
‘Don’t ask me where I learned it or I’ll get Theo into trouble.’
Slipping the wire-cutters into his back pocket, Atreus ducked his head and squeezed through the breach.  Turning around, he held his hand out and nodded to Cassandra who he assisted through next.  Patroclus followed last of all.
‘Where do we start?’ Cassandra asked as she surveyed the jumbled mass of stone in front of them.
‘The front door’s always worked for me,’ Atreus replied as he walked off along the fence line to their left, his eyes scanning the front façade of the ruins.
Cassandra cast a sideways glance at Patroclus.
‘He’s talking about a gatehouse,’ Patroclus clarified as he stepped off with Cassandra to follow his brother.
‘A gatehouse?  But I can’t see anything that resembles anything like a gate,’ Cassandra protested.
‘It might not be obvious, but the gatehouse should be visible as a definite break or change in geometry of the encircling foundations.  There might even be a series of gates set along a winding entrance way, to better protect the citadel from raiders.  I imagine there would’ve been quite a cache of frankincense and other trade goods stored inside these walls during its heyday, making it a juicy target.’
‘It’s incredible to think that something as basic as resin from a tree was so highly prized.’
‘They were simpler times back then, Cas.’
‘If only right now was a simpler time,’ she replied with a grim expression.
‘Bingo!’ Atreus called out as he strode up to an unassuming stone wall protruding from the pile of dirt and rubble.  ‘The gatehouse.’
Patroclus and Cassandra stopped and glanced at each other momentarily before scuttling up to where Atreus proudly stood.  Arriving next to him, they found an opening hidden behind the wall, which led up a closed procession with high, stone walls hemming it in on either side.  The floor of the procession looked like it had been roughly excavated to reveal a heavily scored and worn network of limestone pavers with a narrow, covered sluice running along the right hand side.  The procession further extended up a shallow incline for approximately ten metres before disappearing around a ninety degree turn to the right.
‘So, this is the front door?’ Cassandra asked.
‘Sure is,’ Atreus replied.  ‘Notice how the procession slopes upwards before changing direction?’
Cassandra’s gaze followed her husband’s reference and nodded.  ‘The purpose being?’
‘Well, the uphill approach would’ve given the defenders an advantage in height over any attackers coming up the procession and the bend in the road would’ve prevented the invaders from gaining any momentum in staging their assault.’
‘Where then would the gate have been positioned?’
Atreus turned to inspect the wall nearest him on the threshold of the entry and immediately smiled.  ‘Right here,’ he said, pointing towards a hole in the stone work.  ‘This hole is where they would’ve inserted the locking bar across and behind the gates.  There’s another hole on the other side of the entry over there,’ he added as he gestured across the threshold to a similar hole across from him.  Atreus then leaned in closer to the stonework and nodded.  ‘You can even see here where the doors pivoted against the stones and wore a groove into them; the horizontal striations in the groove indicating the presence of a hinge mechanism.’
Atreus stepped back so Cassandra could gain a closer look.  Patroclus meanwhile inspected the opposite wall and also nodded.
‘There’s no doubt about it,’ Patroclus muttered.  ‘You actually can be quite intelligent when you put your mind to it.’
‘Thanks, Pat.  You know I can pat my head and rub my tummy at the same time too,’ Atreus quipped as he walked up the procession and vanished around the bend.  A few moments later his voice echoed out, ‘How’s your Sabaean, Pat?’
Patroclus’ eyebrows arched upwards and he hurried with Cassandra up the path.  Turning the corner, they found Atreus closely scrutinising a stone in the wall at head height.
‘Why?  What have you got?’ Patroclus asked as he stepped up behind his brother.
‘Have a look for yourself,’ Atreus replied, moving out of the way to let Patroclus in, ‘but I suspect this is a second gate, judging by the similar holes in the walls on either side and the vertical grooves.’
‘This is remarkable!’ Patroclus said slowly.
‘What is it?’ Cassandra queried, pressing in beside Patroclus.  Her eyes grew wide as she saw the entire face of the stone block covered in horizontal lines of stick-like inscription, similar in style to those Atreus had discovered at the lost city in the Rub al Khali.
‘Can you read it, Pat?’ she asked.
‘Not straight away, no.  I’d need some time to read and translate it, which is a pity because this inscription may give us a clue as to if the second key is here or not.’
‘Maybe,’ Atreus answered, ‘or else it just says welcome to Sumhuram.  Have a nice day.’
‘The World Heritage listing really makes sense now,’ Cassandra added.  ‘Not only is the natural setting incredibly beautiful, but the archaeological significance of this site must be enormous.’
‘Yeah, probably,’ Atreus replied, ‘but unless we find the second key, none of this is worth anything.  It’ll all get wiped off the face of the Earth, along with all of us, if Amherst and his alien bad boys get their way.’
‘True,’ Patroclus murmured as he stepped away from the inscribed stone.  ‘As much as I’d like to stay and study everything here, we should keep moving.  Amherst surely can’t be far behind us now.’
‘Yeah, and on top of that,’ Atreus said, scanning the sky, ‘I suspect there’s an alien mothership hovering over the top of us right now, watching our every move.’
Cassandra and Patroclus both rolled their eyes skyward in unison.
‘Come on,’ he added.  ‘For once I agree with Pat.  We should keep moving.’
	
*          *          *

Fifteen minutes later after following the procession up into the central complex of the ruins, Atreus and the others found themselves at the rear of the citadel on the highest point.  Here the jumbled mass of crumbling buildings sat perched on the edge of a steep drop that fell away to the inlet below.  Gazing south over the estuary, they faced the distant headlands and the sea beyond.
‘It’s easy to see why the Queen of Sheba built a palace here,’ Cassandra said.  ‘This inlet’s not only a perfect natural harbour, it’s just beautiful as well and she had a waterfall in the hills behind.’
‘Yeah, location, location, location alright,’ Atreus agreed, ‘but more importantly, where would she have put her shrine?’
‘The highest point of the citadel seems likely,’ Patroclus replied.
‘Which is right here,’ Atreus said, looking around, ‘but I can’t see anything shrine-like.’
‘Perhaps we should split up and search the rest of the ruins to save time?’ Cassandra suggested.
‘Pointless.  There’s not enough light left,’ Atreus replied.  ‘We’d be better off going into hiding for the night to avoid Amherst and then come back in the morning.  That is if Jack hasn’t already worked out where we are and given us away?’
‘Let’s at least try searching while we have some light left,’ Patroclus urged.  ‘You never know?’
Atreus nodded and stepped right up to the lip of the platform on which they stood, so he could look directly down the steep, rocky slope leading to the inlet below.
‘Which way do you want me to go?’ Cassandra asked.
‘You make your way to the northern section,’ Patroclus replied.  ‘I’ll go across to the west and Atreus you take the east.  Okay?’
‘Okay,’ Cassandra concurred before turning to make her way through the rubble back towards the gatehouse procession.
‘Meet back here in twenty minutes!’ Patroclus called out.  ‘It’ll be close to sunset by then!’
Cassandra waved in acknowledgement as she scanned the ground while moving off.  Patroclus then turned and started to make his own way carefully off as well.
‘Hold up, people!’ Atreus interjected.  ‘Don’t go anywhere!’
Patroclus and Cassandra both stopped and turned around to find Atreus still standing stationery at the edge of the drop-off.
‘Why.  What’s wrong?’ Patroclus asked.
‘I’ve found it.  Follow me,’ he answered before casually jumping off the ledge and disappearing into the space beyond.
‘Trey!’ Patroclus cried as he charged forward and dived to the ground, sliding to rest on his elbows only inches from the edge of the drop.  Poking his head out, Patroclus looked down, his heart hammering at expecting to find Atreus’ lifeless body sprawled on the scree below, but instead of crying out in anguish, Patroclus sagged his head and cursed.
Cassandra rushed up behind Patroclus and leaned over to look down as well.  A faint smile turned her lips up and she knelt down to place a reassuring hand on Patroclus’ shoulder.
‘It’s just his way, Pat,’ she said.  ‘Don’t let him get to you.’
‘Too late for that,’ Patroclus fumed.
Six feet beneath them, Atreus squatted on a flat ledge jutting out from the citadel’s foundation.  Looking back up at Patroclus and Cassandra, he noticed their concern.
‘What?’ he asked.
‘Nothing,’ Cassandra replied as she and Patroclus climbed back to their feet.  ‘What have you found?’
Atreus stood up and turned to face the foundations off which he had just jumped.  Raising his arm, he traced a steep, diagonal line down from adjacent to where Cassandra and Patroclus stood to his own position.
‘It’s a staircase built into the rock,’ he said, ‘but it sure could use some work.  The first few steps have pretty much eroded clean off, but the rest don’t look too bad.’
Patroclus and Cassandra followed Atreus’ directions and found what was now more of a crumbling, stony slope than a staircase, hugging the side of the foundations and leading downwards from the lip of their higher platform to where Atreus stood on the lower landing.
‘Does it just lead down to you?’ Cassandra asked.
‘No.  It keeps going further out,’ Atreus replied as he turned and continued to trace a longer path with his finger.
Patroclus and Cassandra followed Atreus’ direction and noted the staircase continued down a few more turns and landings on the foundation wall, until it ventured away from the citadel and out onto a rocky spur.  The path then snaked along the spine of the spur until it reached an isolated plateau some thirty metres removed from the main ruined complex and jutting out into the tidal inlet.  The plateau appeared to be paved with an uneven surface of broad, square flagstones, which shone dully in the waning light of the sun.
‘Who wants to bet me five rials that’s the Holiest of Holies out there?’ Atreus asked.
‘I thought you said the Holiest of Holies was in a courtyard based on the picture in the book?’ Patroclus queried.  ‘I can’t see any walls out there, standing or otherwise.’
‘Guess I got it wrong,’ Atreus said shrugging.
‘Hold on.  Did you just admit you got something wrong?’
Atreus beamed back up at him.  ‘Just made your day didn’t I?’
‘You just made my whole life.’
‘Good, now let’s go and spoil Amherst’s.’
	
*          *          *

Standing in a silent cluster in the middle of the open platform, Atreus, Cassandra and Patroclus bent their collective gaze on the central flagstone, its flat surface bearing an accurate engraving of one of the keys to time.  The discovery of the symbol potentially marked the end to their quest, however, one problem remained unsolved and it was this conundrum, which now occupied their minds.
‘Even if we could get under the edge of the flagstone to pry it up,’ Patroclus said, ‘which we can’t; it has to weigh at least two hundred kilos?  There’s no way we can lift it, at least not without a crane.’
‘Any thoughts, Trey?’ Cassandra asked.
‘Pat’s right,’ Atreus agreed.  ‘We can’t get under there without any heavy tools.  We can’t even smash the flagstone out using some of the bigger rocks lying around here.  We’d be banging away until the end of next week.’
‘Then I guess there’s nothing for it,’ Patroclus said wearily.  ‘We’ll have to come back tomorrow with some proper equipment.’
Atreus nodded, but held his stare on the stone.  Meanwhile, Cassandra turned and looked out at the inlet, the golden surface still magically flawless.
‘I could never tire of looking at it,’ she said quietly.
‘Just like you said,’ Patroclus commented, looking up as well.  ‘It’s fit for a queen.’
‘She must have been a truly remarkable woman,’ Cassandra added.
‘Yes, indeed and probably far more powerful than our historical inklings lead us to believe.’
‘Did you guys hear that?’ Atreus asked, causing Cassandra and Patroclus to turn and find him with his head raised and his eyes narrowed.
‘Hear what?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Bugger,’ Atreus muttered before huffing and turning away to face the main citadel complex.  ‘We’ve got company.’
‘How do you know?’ Patroclus asked, suddenly spooked.
‘Well, one thing I’ve learnt to recognise in the last few days, is the sound of someone cocking an automatic hand-gun,’ Atreus said.
Cassandra and Patroclus glanced at each other, their eyes widening.
‘Come on out, fellahs!’ Atreus called up to the ruins.  ‘I know you’re up there!’
Nothing happened.
‘Relax, Freddie!’ Atreus persisted.  ‘We’re unarmed and Pat promises not to bite!’
A few moments passed then Patroclus drew in a sharp breath as three familiar figures rose into view on the high platform up in the main ruins.  Lord Amherst, Enzo and Tito climbed to their feet and levelled pistols at them, an evil grin plastered across Lord Amherst’s face.
‘You’re just in time for sundowners!’ Atreus shouted up.  ‘I hope you brought the gin?’
‘Flippant as ever, Atreus!’ Lord Amherst called back.  ‘Nice to see you still have a sense of humour considering your position!’
‘You know me!  Always good for a laugh!’
‘Why can’t you just leave us be?’ Patroclus suddenly called out.  ‘Can’t you see this alien’s probably using you too?’
‘Ah, Patroclus, you always were the serious one!’ Lord Amherst countered.  ‘Just like your mother!  If only she could be here right now to see you both stumble at the last hurdle?’
‘I warned you before!’ Patroclus snarled.  ‘Don’t you ever speak of our parents!’
‘You’re too feeble to be angry, Patroclus!  Leave the heroics up to your brother!  He’s the foolish one!’
‘Just shut up and get down here, Freddie!’ Atreus butted in.  ‘I’m done arguing with you!’
‘At last some sensibility from you Atreus!’ Lord Amherst replied.  ‘I really do wish I’d brought some G and T’s to toast this moment!’  Then looking over the edge, he found the lower landing Atreus had jumped down to and bending over, sat on the lip above it.  Turning to his henchmen he said, ‘Cover them while I go down.  Tito, you come second and you,’ he said looking at Enzo, ‘you stay up here just in case something funny happens down there.’
Enzo grunted in reply, keeping his pistol squarely directed at the Knights.  Lord Amherst then pivoted on his hands and dropped nimbly down to the landing; an act most men his age would not have even contemplated let alone succeeded in.  He then walked the short distance down the remainder of the stairs and out across the spur to the others.  Tito then jammed his pistol into the back of his trousers and moved across to lower himself down next.
‘Ahhh, it really is rather lovely out here,’ Lord Amherst remarked as he arrived on the platform, roaming his gaze around.  ‘It’s hard to believe this place exists at all in this backward cess-pit of a region.’
‘I guess you’d know what a cess-pit looks like wouldn’t you,’ Atreus quipped, ‘having crawled out of one yourself?’
‘I’ll let that remark slide,’ Lord Amherst said, returning his attention to Atreus and the others, levelling his gun at them.  ‘It might be your last chance to practise your pathetic wit and sarcasm, so let’s call it a dying man’s last wish, shall we?’
‘Can I have a second last wish?’
‘No.  Where is the second key?’
‘Have a look around, maestro.  You tell me.’
‘You can either tell me breathing, Atreus, or I’ll find it when you’re a corpse.’
‘Gee, let me think about that?’
‘Hurry up,’ Lord Amherst stressed as he jiggled the pistol at him.
‘You never did read that copy of Archaeology For Idiots that I bought you for Christmas did you?’
Lord Amherst’s eyes hardened to steel.
‘Well, if you had read it,’ Atreus persisted as calmly as he could, ‘it would’ve said, try looking for the second key underneath the two hundred kilo flagstone right in front of you with the four foot high engraving of the key on it?’
Lord Amherst looked down and finally registered the marked stone.  He also immediately realised the added difficulty in gaining access to whatever lay beneath it.
‘Ah, the sound of a penny dropping,’ Atreus said.  ‘Pity it had to fall such a long way.’
‘How did you intend on lifting the stone?’ Lord Amherst asked.
‘See what I mean, guys?’ Atreus said half-turning to Cassandra and Patroclus.  ‘Sharp as a bowling-ball.’
At that moment, a huge, hulking shadow thrust itself across the breadth of the platform as a towering figure stood right in front of Atreus.  Without having to look up. Atreus knew who it was.  It was a man he desperately wanted to erase from his memory, especially since his last stoush had forced him to engulf the psychopath in a column of fire resulting in God only knows what disfiguration?  The beast probably now more resembled the Phantom of the Opera than a human-being.
A sudden flash of steel caused Atreus to blink and in that instant, the unholy blade of Tito’s hunting knife appeared in front of his face, the setting sun igniting the metal with a golden sheen.  The tip of the knife dug into Atreus’ chin, insisting he raise his head.  Atreus squinted as his gaze came up, dreading the imminent, close-up portrait of his grossly malformed nemesis.  Finally, his gaze locked with his foe’s and he blinked.
Instead of looking into the blistered and scarred face he presumed to find, Atreus found Tito’s condition merely heavily tanned with no obvious signs of the earlier incineration at the desert ruins.  However, to his dismay, the evil leer remained as steadfast as ever, the expression producing a cold shiver throughout his body.
‘Uh, g’day.  Fancy seeing you here,’ Atreus quipped.  ‘I like what you’ve done with your face.  That’s clever how you’ve...reattached it.’
‘Put that thing away,’ Lord Amherst ordered.  ‘There’ll be plenty of time to reacquaint yourselves when our task is complete.’
Tito held the blade against Atreus’ chin for a moment longer and then slowly withdrew it, not once unfixing his leering gaze.  Stepping back, the giant resheathed the knife inside his right boot and then produced his pistol from the back of his trousers.  Standing next to Lord Amherst, they both faced-off against Atreus, Patroclus and Cassandra with the engraved flagstone in the middle between them.  The setting sun hovered above the western horizon, its glare to Atreus’ back and in the face of their captors.
‘So, Atreus,’ Lord Amherst began, ‘let’s get back to where we were.  Before the sun poetically sets on this day and on your somewhat colourful life, I would very much like you to share with me your plan for lifting this meddlesome stone?’
With his thoughts racing through prospective escape plans and just as quickly discarding them, Atreus did the only thing he knew how to do best.
‘Okay, bear with me here,’ Atreus replied as he folded his arms and pensively analysed the flagstone.  ‘This is only a brain dump.  I haven’t thought through the details yet, so if anything sounds a bit off course, let me know.’
Lord Amherst nodded.
‘First, I thought maybe we could just dig the stone out, but that thing obviously weighs a ton and what if I did a nail?  I didn’t bring my file or my clippers or anything and I‘d be in such a state, so let’s not even go there.’
‘Atreus,’ Lord Amherst said slowly and evenly.
‘Then I thought, what if I used my imaginary dynamite to simply blast the whole platform apart, but I know what you’re going to say.  Imaginary dynamite.  What a load of nonsense.  It’d just blow the second key to pieces and besides, how was I going to light the fuse without my imaginary matches?’
A sudden crack split the air.  Patroclus and Cassandra flinched and covered their faces.  The sound echoed staccato-like around the slopes enclosing the inlet, scaring a few Grey Herons off the estuary, their beating wings adding to the noise.  A smothering silence finally subdued the din.
Atreus grimaced and looked up at Lord Amherst and his smoking pistol.  He then glanced back down at the engraved flagstone and noted the newly inflicted and entirely insignificant scratch formed by the ricocheting bullet.
‘Yeah, that worked a treat,’ he drawled.  ‘Anything else you fancy shooting at?’
Lord Amherst levelled his pistol at Atreus.
‘Okay, silly question,’ Atreus muttered.
‘Get that stone out of the way now,’ Lord Amherst ordered, ‘or I let Tito off his leash and have him turn you into fish food.’
Atreus flicked a sidelong glance at the towering letch who curled his upper lip on cue.  An unpleasant feeling bloomed in Atreus’ stomach.
‘Alright, there is one thing left on the list,’ he said as he lowered himself to his knees to lean over the inscribed flagstone, ‘but I’m warning you, it’s a really, really long shot.’
‘I hope for your sake, it’s shorter than it looks,’ Lord Amherst replied.
Atreus ignored the remark and bending his head forward, fixed his gaze on the symbol of the key and stared intently at it, holding his pose completely still.  No one spoke or moved.
After a few moments of immobility, Lord Amherst’s patience waned.  He looked up to scan the faces of Cassandra and Patroclus, wondering what on Earth Atreus was up to.  Finally after a complete minute had elapsed, Lord Amherst lost control.
‘What are you doing?’ he asked crankily.
‘Shh,’ said Atreus without moving.  ‘I’m concentrating.’
‘Concentrating?  On what?’  Atreus didn’t answer.  Lord Amherst’s complexion flushed.  ‘Concentrating on what?’ he coldly repeated.
Atreus sighed and broke his gaze on the stone.  Leaning back on his ankles he looked reproachfully up at Lord Amherst.  ‘Look, Freddie, I can’t do this with you shouting at me.  Just take a seat and enjoy the view while I try this, okay?’
‘Try what?  What in God’s name are you doing?’ Lord Amherst pushed, his tone quivering.
Atreus tilted his head.  ‘You mean it’s not obvious?’ he asked.
‘If it were obvious, I wouldn’t be asking you to tell me now would I?’
‘Hmm.  Fair call.  Telekinesis,’ Atreus replied non-plussed.
Patroclus closed his eyes, a cold lump forming in his throat.  Cassandra just shook her head.
‘Tele…?  Ah!  That’s it!’ Lord Amherst cried out.  ‘You’re an imbecile, Atreus Knight, and a waste of my time!  I can’t believe how much I’ve tolerated your stupidity, but now that I know where both keys are, I no longer need you, so...’
‘Whoa!’ Atreus called out, raising a hand and peering back down at the engraved flagstone.  ‘Hold your horses, Freddie!  Look at that.’
Lord Amherst, caught unawares by Atreus’ audacity to halt his own execution, was momentarily lost for words, but in that instant of silence, he and the others on the platform heard a low-pitched vibration coming from the middle of the platform.  Five heads craned slowly forward to investigate the phenomena.  Then five pairs of eyes slowly widened at what they had just confirmed to be true.
The vibrating originated from the inscribed, limestone flag, its massive bulk shuddering as though being shaken by a powerful and unseen hand.  Then, without any evidence of physical assistance, the large stone started to rise from its snug position within the ancient platform, its enormous mass no problem for the invisible force.  Atreus quickly jumped to his feet and stepped back a few paces, holding his arm out to gently push Cassandra and Patroclus back with him.  Lord Amherst and Tito also stepped back a few paces, their guarding of the Knights completely forgotten.  All eyes focused on the vibrating stone.
‘And you all thought I was joking about the telekinesis,’ Atreus remarked.
Everyone ignored the comment as they intently watched the stone continue to ascend, its engraved upper surface now several inches above the other flagstones.  Additional inscriptions appeared on the exposed sides.  Patroclus leaned slightly forward to try and read the text nearest him, silently mouthing something.
‘What’s it say, Pat?’ Atreus whispered above the hum.
Patroclus leaned a little further forward and then quietly said, ‘Solomon’s Gift.’
Atreus’ eyes set hard.  He knew he had finally found the second key.  ‘That’s as good as X marks the spot,’ he mumbled.
The entire stone eventually lifted clear of its slot in the platform and stopped to float just millimetres above the surrounding flagstones, continuing to vibrate, its unnatural behaviour transfixing everyone’s gaze.  Then the vibrations began to increase, only slightly at first, but then at a much faster rate.  The shuddering intensified further and further until finally the massive limestone flag shook so violently its outline became a blur, its oscillations too great to register with the human eye.
‘Cas?  Pat?’ Atreus said.  ‘I think it’s time to exit stage left.’
Without any further prompting, Cassandra and Patroclus began edging their way backwards.  Lord Amherst and Tito unconsciously did the same.  The flagstone continued to increase its vibrating intensity, a high-pitched hum now emanating outwards.  The vibrations increased.  The sound rose to fever pitch.
‘Get down!’ Atreus called, throwing an arm around Cassandra’s shoulders and pulling her down to shield her on the ground.
Patroclus, Lord Amherst and Tito also dived to the floor, each of them curling into foetal positions with their hands covering their heads.  The hum rose to a shrill screech and then suddenly, the flagstone sprang six feet straight up and exploded.  The blast sounded like a shotgun at close quarters, sending out a dull shock wave that pulsed through them, the report echoing off the slopes of the inlet below.  The mirrored surface of the inlet shattered as the remaining ducks and Grey Herons scrambled into the air, the mass beating of their wings adding to the cacophony.
The noise of the explosion rallied for a few seconds more, but with the fading of the birds’ flapping, the uproar died down and silence once again settled over Khor Rori.  Atreus cautiously raised his head and half-rolled over to investigate.
A cloud of white powder lingered over the whole platform, the dust the only remains of the shattered flagstone.  Atreus looked quickly around, wondering how the hell that had happened.  There was no one around but them and the most dangerous thing any of them had was a gun.
‘What on Earth...?’ he muttered, answering his own question just as he asked it.
Exhaling deeply, he slowly climbed to his feet, a dejected look veiling his features.  By now, the powder was slowly settling across the entire platform, coating it with a fine, unbroken blanket of dust.  It even covered the still cowering forms of Lord Amherst and Tito.  Looking about in the fading light, Atreus finally found what he expected to see, having seen them earlier that afternoon on the beach at the Hilton, except this time they appeared in the dust, not in the sand.
  Atreus watched the thin, oblong prints start off to his right and thread their way towards the now vacant space in the centre of the paved platform.  There they halted.  Silence filled the air.  Atreus could hear his own heart beat.  The sun dipped beneath the western horizon behind him, causing the lengthening shadows to suddenly leap across the platform and plunge everything into shade.  Evening had come.  The silence endured.
Then two words broke the tension; two words that carried more emotion and more intent than any two words Atreus had ever heard.  The words also heralded the arrival of an evil that threatened to destroy them all and everything that had ever been.  Atreus dipped his head and closed his eyes.  He was beaten.
‘At last,’ Jack said.

54.

Patroclus stirred from his foetal position and lifted his head, blinking as he came into contact with the cloud of descending white powder.  Waving the dust away from his eyes he asked, ‘Is everyone alright?’
Cassandra eased herself to a sitting position next to him and peered about through the cloud.    ‘Yes, I think so,’ she replied, coughing.  Suddenly, she realised she couldn’t see Atreus.  ‘Where’s Trey?’ she asked looking frantically around.
‘Over here.’
Patroclus and Cassandra both spun to see Atreus standing behind them, the white dust settling over his stationary form as he looked down at the centre of the platform.
‘What happened?’ Patroclus asked.  ‘What’s all this dust?’
‘It’s what’s left of the flagstone,’ Atreus replied.
‘You mean it exploded?’
‘You could say that.’
Patroclus followed Atreus’ gaze down to the gap where the offending flagstone used to be, his excitement returning as he realised their conundrum of lifting the stone had been magically solved.  He scrambled to his feet and dashed forward.  Atreus held out his arm to restrain his brother from charging past.
‘Steady on, Pat,’ he said.  ‘I wouldn’t go any closer if I were you.’
‘Why not?’ Patroclus protested.  ‘We need to see if the second key is inside!’
‘I agree, but we’ve got a whole new problem now,’ Atreus added, his tone cool and quiet.
‘What are you talking about?’
‘That stone didn’t explode all by itself.  Somebody helped it out and if you look over there,’ Atreus said, pointing to the footprints in the dust, ‘you can still see who that somebody is.’
Patroclus looked past his brother and gasped.  Cassandra also rose to her feet and stepped forward to inspect the mysterious footprints.
‘Are those Jack’s footprints?’ Patroclus whispered.
‘Yep,’ Atreus answered.
‘Did he explode the flagstone?’
‘I suspect so.’
‘How did he do that?’ Patroclus continued to whisper.
‘No idea and you can stop whispering.  He’s standing just over there and can probably hear everything you’re saying.’
Cassandra stepped up behind Atreus and tightly clasped one of his hands, entwining her fingers with his.  Together, the three of them fixed their gazes to where the footprints terminated in front of the gap in the pavement.
Lord Amherst and Tito finally moved.  Cautiously they rolled-over and blinked in the cloud of white powder.  Their eyes took a moment to focus on the scene around them and when they did, they snapped wide open.  Realising they were the only ones still on the ground and that their apparent prisoners were already upright and mobile, they clumsily scrambled to their feet to reassume their gun-toting postures, though with less certainty than before.
‘Nice of you to join us, fellahs,’ Atreus said.  ‘I told you I’d get that stone out of the way didn’t I?’
Lord Amherst looked down.  A grin split his face at the sight of the gaping hole.  ‘Excellent.  This charade is over at last,’ he said.
‘I wouldn’t be so hasty, Freddie,’ Atreus added.  ‘I think we’re in for a few surprises yet.’
‘I have no idea what you’re talking about, Atreus,’ Lord Amherst replied, ‘and this time I really don’t care.  Your part in this affair is finished.  Tito, do as you will.  He’s all yours to play with.’
The giant brute leered and moved to lower his pistol when something unexpected forced him to halt.  Suddenly, a golden glow shone out from within the hole in the pavement, the wan light forming a faint aura around the centre of the platform and casting a soft incandescence over everyone’s features.  Lord Amherst shied back a step.  Cassandra moved in closer to Atreus.  Patroclus’ jaw dropped.
‘See,’ Atreus added.  ‘What’d I tell you?’
The light intensified.  Something was rising within the cavity.  The light grew brighter.  Lord Amherst took another step back.  Then it appeared.  A flash of golden brilliance forced everyone to look away.  The illumination died down and all eyes turned back to see an object hovering within the opening to the hole.  It was the most beautiful thing any of them had ever seen.  It was the second key.
The hexagonal sides gleamed rich, lustrous gold, while a deep cerulean glow emanated from the very heart of the relic.  Its simplicity was its splendour.  Its sheer perfection was magnificent.  Its discovery was the portent of destruction.  Atreus grimaced.  Something had to be done.
Surveying all the faces about him, Atreus realised everyone was enthralled in the raising of the second key, meaning he would not get a better chance than right now.  Unclasping Cassandra’s hand, he padded his trousers pocket and ensured the can of spray-paint was still in place.  Then, taking a deep breath, he tentatively stepped forward.
‘How goes, Jack?’ he said as casually as he could.  ‘Nice to see you could stop by.’
Silence.  Atreus took another step forward.
‘Good thing you were in the neighbourhood, hey?  I mean, it’s not like you were spying on us.  You just got lucky finding us here, right?’
Still silence.  Another step forward.
‘Well, there it is; the second key.  Looks like your fancy scanner delivered the goods after all.  Must be pretty chuffed about that?’
Still no response.  Atreus took another step in the direction of the invisible alien, then looking down, his heart skipped a beat.  The outline of the footprints had faded with the waning sunlight.  He could no longer tell exactly where Jack was standing.  The only way he could find the alien’s location was by getting him to speak.  Atreus pressed his lips together and tried his luck.
‘Well, that’s it then,’ Atreus continued.  ‘We’d love to stay and chat, but it seems like you’ve got other things on your mind, so if there’s nothing else, we’ll be off.  Drop round in the morning and we’ll sort out the first key, but, hey, before we go, how’s about a hand shake now all this over?’
Atreus took a final step forward and extended his right hand while placing his left hand in his trousers pocket to firmly clasp the can of spray-paint.
‘Stand your ground, lest I crush you,’ sounded Jack’s voice from a point of thin-air two metres to Atreus’ right.
‘Gotcha!’ Atreus cried, whipping out the can of spray-paint and depressing the nozzle.
A cloud of bright green, fluorescent paint bloomed in the air, the amorphous mist immediately wrapping itself around Jack’s invisible body.  From out of the glow of the second key, a narrow, vaguely head-shaped outline appeared atop two slightly built shoulders, the features wildly contorting in an effort to evade the vibrantly-coloured paint.  The alien had finally been uncovered, its stealthy cloak torn free.
And then Atreus froze.  With his left hand outstretched, still holding the can of spray-paint and caught mid-stride, he found himself completely and utterly stuck.  He couldn’t walk.  He couldn’t talk.  He couldn’t do anything.  Straining with all his strength, he tried to lower his arms, but couldn’t.  His entire body had mysteriously seized up, but he didn’t know why, and then he realised he couldn’t even breathe.
The paint cloud dissipated.  All eyes, except Atreus’, turned to fix on the writhing head and shoulders of the alien.  The squirming slowed and eventually stopped.  The shape straightened to be roughly six feet tall, the creature’s bright green features easily discernible in the soft glow of the second key.  No eyes were visible, but the shape seemed to turn towards the still stationary form of Atreus.  Only now did Patroclus realise his brother hadn’t moved.
‘Trey, what’s wrong?’ he whispered.
Atreus would have throttled his brother if he could.  What did he think was wrong?  He wasn’t impersonating a street-performer chasing loose change.  He was paralysed.
‘Trey, talk to me!’ Patroclus continued to whisper.
Atreus silently screamed at his chest to heave.  He could feel his lungs burning with depleting oxygen, but there was nothing he could do.  Patroclus and Cassandra stood less than five feet away and they were just about to watch him die from asphyxiation and not even realise it.  Of all the ways to go this was ridiculous.  After cheating death in so many different and creative ways over the years, here he stood in arm’s reach of help and nobody knew he was on the verge of death.
‘Something’s wrong,’ Patroclus muttered urgently to Cassandra.  ‘Why’s he just standing there like that?’
At last some action, but all too late.  Tiny starbursts exploded in his vision.  Atreus could sense himself starting to lose consciousness, but instead of wavering to faint and collapse, he stood rock-solid, immobile, like there was nothing wrong with him.  The starbursts multiplied and coalesced as his eyesight blurred into an opaque, white sheet, the world fading from view.  He could not hold on any longer.
Then he collapsed.  Falling flat on his back, the can of spray-paint clattered to the ground and rolled away.  The white sheet disintegrated and the world rushed back into view.  Atreus’ chest heaved deeply.  All he could do was focus on one thing, breathing.
Cassandra sprang forward to his side and grabbed his hand.  ‘Trey, what happened?’
Atreus rolled his eyes up to beg for patience.  Cassandra nodded.  After a few more deep pulls of air, Atreus felt a little better and forced himself to relax.  He then tried to jiggle his legs and let out a ragged sigh as they moved.  He then wiggled his fingers and everything went as planned.  It was sheer Heaven.
‘Trey, what happened?’ Cassandra asked again at last.  ‘What was that all about?’
Atreus struggled to sit-up.  Patroclus stepped in from behind to help.
‘Yes, what was that all about?’ Patroclus also queried.
‘You mean that…standing there and...not moving thing?’ Atreus replied as he continued to steady his breathing
‘Yes,’ Patroclus pushed.  ‘What on Earth were you playing at?’
Atreus drew in one final deep breath before answering.  ‘Paralysis.’
‘Paralysis?’ Patroclus echoed.
‘Yeah, paralysis,’ Atreus returned.  ‘It must have been something Jack whipped up.  It seems he’s got some sort of kinetic, mind-control, which must be how he exploded the flagstone and raised the key out of the ground.’
‘You mean you couldn’t move?’ Patroclus asked, his face screwing up.
Atreus looked up at his brother and also pulled a face.  ‘You know for a university professor, you really are pretty thick sometimes,’ he fired back.  ‘Of course I couldn’t move!  What part of paralysis don’t you understand?’
‘How was I to know you were paralysed?’
‘How about the fact I wasn’t moving?’
Patroclus made to say something else, but instead closed his mouth.
‘Trey, what do we do now?’ Cassandra asked quietly.
Atreus peeled his gaze away from Patroclus and moved it across to Lord Amherst and Tito.  Both men still stood stupefied by the sight of the second key as it floated above the opening to the hole.  Atreus then looked up at Jack’s hovering head and shoulders.  He couldn’t tell for sure, but he was pretty certain the creature was looking directly at him.
‘We get a straight answer from ET is what we do now,’ Atreus replied.  Climbing to his feet, he took one last, shuddering breath and straightened himself out.  He then faced up to Jack and set his face hard.  ‘This better work,’ he muttered.
Atreus then took a few steps forward and directly confronted the creature who now threatened the lives of everyone and everything in existence.
‘What do you say, Jack?’ Atreus firmly asked.  ‘You ready to tell us the truth at last?’
‘I could have terminated your feeble life with another moment of restriction,’ Jack mildly replied.
‘Gee, all merciful one, I’m so grateful you spared my puny existence,’ Atreus drawled back, ‘but if you want grovelling, get it off one of your lackeys.’  Lord Amherst and Tito looked up at Atreus as he gestured across to them.
‘I no longer need them,’ Jack replied.  ‘Nor do I need you.’
‘Just as I thought.  You’ve been playing both sides.’
‘Your deductions are correct.  You were my primary tool in locating the keys, but I also knew you would not trust me and eventually try to prevent my taking possession of them.  That is why I recruited Lord Amherst; his lack of morals encouraging him to follow you and take the keys by force, ensuring their relinquishment to me.’
‘Cunning plan, but just so you know, I had you figured as a scumbag from day one.’
‘I am not familiar with the term.’
‘Ask Freddie over there.  He’s a textbook example,’ Atreus added, waving at Lord Amherst.
‘I am nothing like that insignificant creature for I am now the master of all time and space,’ Jack rambled on.
‘Okay, so you’re a scumbag with delusions of grandeur.  Whatever, but tell me, you’re not hiding all this from your war-mongering commander at all are you?’ Atreus asked, narrowing his eyes.  ‘You’re both in this together?’
‘The truth is far simpler than that, Atreus.  You see, my Commander and I are one and the same.  This is a scientific expedition and as I am the most senior scientist on board, I am in charge.’
‘Well, Captain Jack, aren’t you full of surprises?’ Atreus pushed.  ‘So, what happens next?  Is this where you sail off into the sunset and we all shed a tear at losing your infinite wisdom and kindness?’
‘Now that I have both keys, I will reproduce the experiment and travel backwards in time to the point immediately prior to commencing the original experiment six million years past.  Once there, I will halt the proceedings and refine the methodology to ensure there are no calamitous side-effects.  My ensuing success will result in the survival of the outpost and all who live within it.’
‘You mean you haven’t refined the experiment yet?’ Patroclus called out.
‘There is no need until I have returned to my own time,’ Jack replied.
‘But what about the carnage you’ll cause in this time when you reattempt it?’  Patroclus exclaimed.  ‘What about the people…?’
‘Save it, Pat,’ Atreus cut-in.  ‘Jack’s apparently the most intelligent creature ever spawned in the universe.  You think he cares about a few measly humans?  No chance.  We’re parasites.  We’re nothing, but the scum on top of the primordial gene pool aren’t we, Jack, and that part about wanting to annihilate the human race; that’s your brilliant plan isn’t it?  You’re the one who wants to shoot and bury us before we evolve aren’t you?’
‘Your species is an aberration and deserves to be destroyed,’ Jack replied.  ‘Your kind is but a weak shadow of existence not worthy of perpetuation.’
‘You’re just scared we might grow up one day and kick your elitist backsides out of the universe,’ Atreus pushed.  ‘You must be pretty peeved that you’ve had to use pathetic little humans like us to find your fancy keys?’
‘To use your term, even parasites can serve a useful purpose.  That usefulness however is at an end.  You and your species are doomed to imminent extinction; of that I will make absolute certain.’
‘Pride cometh before the fall, mate,’ Atreus spoke through gritted teeth.
‘I control your destiny now.  I will be your destructor.’
Anger threatened to overwhelm Atreus.  He still needed to find a way to wrest control of the second key from Jack and from where he was standing, there was no obvious way of achieving that.
‘What about our arrangement?’ Lord Amherst interrupted.  ‘I trust that with this matter now concluded you are in a position to pay me for my services with a copy of the plans of your time-travel experiment?’
‘Lord Amherst, your services to me in this matter have varied from incompetent to pointless,’ Jack replied airily, his green head and shoulders rotating away from Atreus and towards him.  ‘I see no need to pay you in any fashion other than with a quick and painless demise.’
Atreus looked across at his arch nemesis who lowered his head and shook it.  After a moment’s pause, he raised it again and readdressed the alien with a steady stare.
‘I must say that is very disappointing,’ Lord Amherst replied, ‘but to be fair, not entirely unexpected.  Unfortunately though, it leaves me with no alternative other than to kill you.’
‘You are incapable of harming me,’ Jack dismissed.  ‘I suggest you do not try.’
‘Sorry, old chap.  Business is business.  Shoot him!’ Lord Amherst called out, turning to face the main ruined complex.
Atreus turned and found Enzo still standing on the edge of the platform at the end of the path back up to the main ruined complex, his gun pointed directly at Jack.  Without a second’s thought, the henchman pulled the trigger three times, the muzzle flashing like a miniature strobe-light in the growing darkness.  Atreus held his breath for the impact of the bullets, but nothing happened.  Jack’s head and shoulders didn’t even flinch.  The reports of the gun died down and silence followed.
‘I warned you that you are incapable of hurting me,’ Jack said in a low tone.
Then Atreus saw them.  Three dully shining pellets hung in the air between Enzo and Jack.  The bullets had been stopped dead in their tracks by the alien’s telekinetic power, rendering them completely harmless.  Then they quivered and started to move again, except this time in the opposite direction to which they had been fired.  The bullets were now no longer harmless.  They had regained their lethal capacity and were now seeking a different target.
Enzo gasped, turned and started running.  He took four steps and tripped, his footing a victim of the poor light.  Desperately, he looked back and Atreus saw the whites of his eyes gleaming.  The man was scared, and he had every reason to be.  The three bullets ploughed soundlessly through the air towards him.  Enzo couldn’t move.  Atreus couldn’t help.  Patroclus pulled Cassandra in and covered her face.  Enzo screamed.
Two of the bullets slammed into Enzo’s chest, shredding his heart and lungs.  The third bullet hit him squarely in the forehead, immediately silencing him.  The body slumped to the ground and lay still.  Atreus dipped his head.  Lord Amherst gaped and then after a few seconds, raised his gun to look at it and realised it was useless against Jack’s awesome power.  He let it fall to the platform.  Tito did likewise.
‘I will deal with you presently, Lord Amherst,’ Jack said as he turned away from the lifeless lump that used to be Enzo.  ‘First I have to ask Atreus to now relinquish the first key.’
Atreus lifted his head to peer at Jack, his keen, green eyes piercing the gloom.  ‘You want the first key?’ he goaded.  ‘Then why don’t you come over here and get it?’
‘Must I demonstrate my superiority over you again?’ Jack said wearily.
‘But the first key’s back at the hotel!’ Patroclus called.  ‘We don’t have it here!’
‘My scanner tells me otherwise,’ Jack countered.  ‘Give it over, Atreus.  I won’t warn you a second time.’
‘Just you and me, pal,’ Atreus challenged, clenching his fists, ‘and leave that mind-control garbage out of it.  Man against alien.  Let’s see who the better species is.’
‘You humans are as stupid as you are repulsive.’
Suddenly, a tugging sensation pulled at Atreus’ rear trousers pocket.  Immediately he plastered both his hands across it, seeking to stop the contents from being forcibly extracted.  The tugging continued.  Atreus pressed harder, but it was no good.  His efforts weakened and then eventually, he failed.  An object emerged.
Atreus wrapped his hands around the object and struggled to maintain control of it, but to no avail.  The object continued to move of its own volition, rising upwards until it literally pulled Atreus off the ground, his hold on it unrelenting.  After a few moments struggling in the air, Atreus finally lost his grip and dropped back to the flagstones, his gaze witheringly following the floating object as it moved to a position immediately above the second key.
‘You idiot!’ Patroclus cried.  ‘Why did you bring the first key here?’
Atreus straightened and eyed off the two shining relics, their combined lustre even more magnificent.  ‘I thought I might be able to use it as a bargaining chip if we got caught in a tight spot,’ he said.
‘Well, that logic paid off didn’t it?’ Patroclus cried, throwing his hands in the air.
‘How was I supposed to know he’d be telekinetic as well as invisible?’	
‘You have proven to be most valuable, Atreus,’ Jack said, ‘but ultimately your inferior intellect has proven to be your downfall.’
Atreus glared across at the green head and shoulders and snarled, ‘What I’d give right now for a good laser-gun or light-sabre to kick your…’
‘My quest is complete,’ Jack gloated as he moved in closer to the two keys.  ‘The power is mine once again.’
Atreus sighed.  He had run out of options.  He was completely defeated.  After risking his life time after time over the last few days and putting both Patroclus’ and Cassandra’s lives in danger, not to mention Theo’s and his men’s, here he stood, utterly useless and on the verge of evolutionary genocide.
‘So, what’s the plan now, green boy?’ Atreus asked tiredly.  ‘Kill all of us first and then run away up to your ship to fire up the experiment?’
‘Considering the valuable role you have played in completing my quest,’ Jack replied, ‘I think it only fitting you personally witness its conclusion.’
‘I’d rather go home and have a beer and a foot massage.’
‘You are about to gain the privilege of witnessing my recreation of time-travel right here and now.’
‘What about equipment?’ Atreus asked.  ‘Surely you need additional equipment other than just the keys?’
‘Yes, I do.  I require a means of harnessing the Earth’s electromagnetic energy, so I can funnel it through the keys.’
‘And from which pocket are you going to pull this magical funnel or is this like the A-Team, where you build everything out of packing tape, rusty wire and a box of matches?’
‘I require only my ship,’ Jack replied.  ‘It will first attract and harness the Earth’s electromagnetic energy and then funnel it downwards through both keys.  The keys will in turn intensify the energy beam and focus it onto myself.  My colleagues on the ship will then open a window in the space-time continuum and direct me through it to the location of our science-outpost six million years prior.  The keys will later be retrieved after I have departed and be retained for future use when I return.’
‘So, where’s your ship?’ Atreus asked.
‘It is already here.’
As soon as the spoken words reached Atreus’ ears, he knew what would happen next.  ‘Cas?  Pat?  Cover your eyes!’ he called out.
Atreus, Cassandra and Patroclus quickly shielded their eyes.  Lord Amherst and Tito instead looked up and immediately wished they hadn’t.
Suddenly, an intense white light flooded them, instantly purging the deep gloom of evening.  The entire inlet of Khor Rori, including the hillock on which the platform and the main ruins complex were perched, lit up like daylight; the estuary’s still waters transformed into an immense, flawless mirror.  Everyone cowered beneath the great light, their forms starkly illuminated on the bare platform.
Peeking through his fingers, Atreus allowed his eyes to adjust to the radiance.  A few seconds later, he peeled his hands back and squinted into the light.  Opposite the keys, Lord Amherst and Tito had both fallen to their knees, their hands wrapped around their eyes and their heads bowed almost to the ground.  Their pain was palpable as they writhed on the flagstones.  To Atreus’ right he could see Jack’s floating green head and shoulders still standing in front of the two keys; the alien’s features now more clearly discernible.  Two pale orbs of light gleamed in the creature’s head.  It had eyes and all Atreus wanted to do was put the light out of them forever.
Turning around, he leant down to Cassandra and Patroclus who had doubled over and folded their arms across their faces.  Pulling them both in close together, he spoke clearly and loudly.
‘Open your eyes slowly,’ he said.  ‘It’s okay.  You’ll get used to it after a few seconds.’
First Cassandra lowered her arms and then Patroclus.  Together they cautiously opened their eyes and little by little, grew accustomed to the light.  Several moments later, squinting, they looked about to recapture their surrounds.
‘Now you know what it’s like to be a rabbit caught in the headlights,’ Atreus said.
‘How did you know that was coming?’ Cassandra asked.
‘Jack pulled the same trick over the house the other night when we first met,’ he replied.  ‘I asked for proof of his spaceship so he carted me outside, told me to look up and whammo!  He hit the switch and blinded me.  I was just like Amherst and his over grown side-kick over there.’
Cassandra and Patroclus looked across to Lord Amherst and Tito who only now were attempting to look through their fingers.
‘We failed didn’t we?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Yeah, we did,’ Atreus replied flatly, turning to stare dispiritedly at Jack.
‘Jack’s got both keys and now he’s going to repeat the experiment and destroy everything in sight, including killing us?’ Patroclus persisted.
‘Yep, I guess so.’
Cassandra chipped in.  ‘He’s also going to go back in time and kill our primal ancestors,’ Cassandra asked, ‘which in turn will make us extinct?’
‘Yeah, that as well,’ Atreus answered, exhaling.  He then tore his gaze away from the alien and directed it back to Patroclus and Cassandra.  ‘In a nutshell, we’ve lost.’
Silence slipped over them.
‘Trey?’ Cassandra said, breaking the pause and clutching Atreus’ hand to her chest.  ‘I don’t want to die.’
Atreus did not know what to say.  Cassandra and Patroclus were the two most important people in his life and he had let them down.  He had also let his father down to whom he had promised to protect his brother.  Since losing his parents, Atreus had never lost anything else in his life and now he was about to lose everything he loved.  Emptiness consumed him.  He opened his mouth to speak, to say something, anything, but then Cassandra placed a finger over his lips.
‘Wait,’ she said.  ‘Let me say something for a change.’
Atreus closed his mouth and nodded, his all-conquering confidence now just a sad memory.
‘I love you,’ Cassandra said simply, ‘more than I know how to tell you or show you and now that we’re together again, I don’t want to lose you a second time.’
Atreus’ heart ached.  It was all so pointless.  He bowed his head.
‘I don’t know what we can do,’ Cassandra kept saying.  ‘I don’t know how we can stop this from happening.’
The emptiness inside Atreus deepened and darkened.  It was a loneliness he had never imagined possible.  All he needed was a break.  Just a tiny break or something small to inspire him to get up and go again, but he was spent.
‘I don’t have the answer, Trey.  I really don’t,’ Cassandra continued, ‘but one thing I do know, is that if anyone can save us, it’s you.’
And then something sparked, stirring the emptiness.
‘You’re the one who got us this far,’ Cassandra pushed.  ‘You’re the one who found both the keys and you’re the one who took on Amherst’s men and beat them every time.’
Atreus felt Cassandra squeezing his hand even harder and then he felt Patroclus’ hand on his shoulder.  The spark inside him ignited.  Looking up, he found Cassandra’s big, soft eyes holding his gaze.
‘You’re the one who can save us now, Trey,’ she continued.  ‘It’s you.  It’s always been you.  I love you so much and that’s how I know it’s you that can save us.’
The emptiness filled with fire.  Adrenalin surged through Atreus’ frame.  He could do this.  He could defeat this loathsome creature and he could even save the world.
‘Do it, Trey,’ Cassandra urged.  ‘Do it now.’
‘She’s right, Trey,’ Patroclus said.  ‘You’re the one.  Go and give that alien creep the thrashing he deserves.’
Atreus felt energy course through him like he had never felt before.  Patroclus and Cassandra believed in him and that was enough to make him do anything.
‘Alright,’ he said through clenched teeth, turning to lance his gaze into Jack.  ‘I got this thing.  This bug is toast.’
A gentle hand on his cheek pulled Atreus’ gaze back to the front, where he again found the most beautiful image he had ever known, looking deeply into his own eyes.  Then Cassandra softly said, ‘Till death do us part, Trey.’
The fire in Atreus’ chest simmered beneath that look and he replied, ‘Till death do us part.’
Cassandra leaned forward and gently kissed Atreus, letting it linger just slightly before pulling away.  All the turmoil, despair and fear in his mind and heart instantly melted.  He was focused.  He knew what he had to do and he was now prepared to do it.
A slap on his back brought him back to the present as Patroclus said, ‘Now say something callous and get on with it.’
‘Not this time, Pat,’ Atreus answered.  ‘This time I’m serious.’
Patroclus beamed back.  Atreus looked at them both in turn and then about faced and gazed up.
An immense font of light filled the sky, shielding from view the massive spaceship hovering directly overhead.  Even though Atreus could not see it, the size of the light source suggested a massive craft, at least several football pitches in diameter.
‘Impressive is it not?’ Jack asked.
‘Don’t flatter yourself, mate,’ Atreus replied, redirecting his gaze across to his alien counterpart.  ‘Seen one spaceship, you’ve seen them all.’
‘The time has come, Atreus, to behold the culmination of evolution,’ Jack continued to rant.  ‘I now possess the power to manipulate past and present and to control not only my destiny, but the destiny of everything in the universe.  Put aside the worship of your imaginary God and worship me for I am real and I am supreme.’
‘That’s pretty catchy.  You should get caps and t-shirts made up,’ Atreus said as he started to walk slowly forward, his fists bunching.
‘You stand with me on the brink of a new phase in the history of everything that ever was and shall ever be,’ Jack rambled.
‘And the hits just keep on coming,’ Atreus added as he kept advancing.
Atreus’ mind was clear.  He knew of only one way to tackle the problem and even though he also knew it was pointless, it was the only thing he could try.  Clenching his fists even more tightly, he fixed his stare on the green head and shoulders in front of him and kept walking.
‘Enjoy your privilege, Atreus,’ Jack said.  ‘I will now align the two keys before instructing my colleagues to begin drawing on the Earth’s electromagnetic field.’
Atreus watched as the two keys shuddered back into motion.  The first key rose fifty feet directly upwards where it halted.  The second key followed suit to rest exactly twenty-five feet below the first; the two objects perfectly positioned one above the other.  Atreus kept approaching.
‘It will take a few minutes for the ship to draw sufficient energy from the planet’s electromagnetic field to execute the experiment,’ Jack continued.  ‘Your doom will follow soon after.’
‘Would it help if we assumed crash-positions?’ Atreus quipped, now only three paces from the creature, his whole body tensed.
‘Your deaths are assured.  You have only minutes to wait.’
Atreus took another step.  Jack seemed to be focused on the keys and not on him.  It was now or never.  Atreus wound himself up and leaning slightly back, he cocked a fist to let it fly at the creature.  Every muscle in his body bunched and scrunching up his face, he launched himself except, nothing happened.  He froze.
‘Again your efforts prove futile, Atreus,’ Jack said.  ‘However, this time, I will allow you to breathe, for I really do want you to witness your own destruction.’
Atreus struggled against his immobility, but found himself as stuck-fast as before.  Fortunately, his lungs were still free to move and he could even move his eyes, but that was it.  Frustration burned in him.  Another half a second and he would have pummelled Jack to the ground and gained the upper hand, but here he was again; a spectator at the end of the world.
Then he heard it.  It was faint, but it was unmistakable.  It was the same sound he had heard earlier that day in the desert.  It had saved his life then, and maybe, just maybe, it could save everyone’s lives now.  Theo was on his way in his Pave Hawk.
Jack’s form twitched.  He heard it too.
‘Your friend’s presence is pointless,’ Jack said.  ‘He and his contraption are of no help to you or hindrance to me.  I will destroy them as easily as I destroyed the human behind me.’
Atreus remembered Enzo’s fate and wondered just how powerful Jack’s telekinetic powers could be.  Surely they were no match for a US Army Pave Hawk or its mini-guns?
The chopping sound of helicopter rotors became distinctly clearer.  Atreus could not turn to look, but he knew Theo was close.  It would only be moments now.
‘Just another minute and your wait will be concluded,’ Jack said.
‘You and me both,’ Atreus thought to himself and no sooner had he done that and the familiar, hulking shape of a US Army Pave Hawk lanced into the greater sphere of light as it bisected the twin headlands at the mouth of the estuary.  Skimming across the mirrored surface of the water, the squat aircraft cast a razor-sharp shadow beneath it, the welcoming sight of twin mini-guns bristling from both sides.
‘Brace yourself, Jack,’ Atreus thought.  ‘Hell hath no fury like a mini Gatling gun.’
The Pave Hawk powered along the length of the inlet.  Approaching the hillock on which the ruined citadel rested, it flared and rose up the slope to hover fifty feet above the platform, placing it level with the first key.  Dust and fine debris billowed over the limestone pavement.  Everyone except Atreus threw up their arms to shield their eyes.
It was just like Hollywood.  The cavalry had turned up not a moment too soon and more importantly, not a moment too late.  A cool and familiar voice boomed out of a loudspeaker on the aircraft.
‘This is the United States Army!  You are ordered to drop all weapons and lie stationary on the ground!  This is your only warning!’
Lord Amherst and Tito immediately lowered themselves to the pavement, placing their hands behind their heads.  Meanwhile, Patroclus and Cassandra looked uncertainly up at the looming helicopter and then across at Atreus and Jack, who seemed completely oblivious to the arrival of the heavily-armed aircraft.  Suddenly, Patroclus started pointing and gesticulating wildly at Jack and looking up at the Pave Hawk.
‘Him, Theo!’ Patroclus shouted over the tumult of the rotors.  ‘Shoot him!  He’s the one you want!’
A voice suddenly sounded inside Atreus’ head.  It was Jack.  The creature was communicating telepathically.  Was there nothing this alien couldn’t do?
‘Your brother’s protestations are pointless,’ Jack said.  ‘Your doom is at hand.’
Atreus concentrated and instead of physically speaking, he thought the reply in his mind.  ‘I wouldn’t call sixty rounds a second pointless if I were you, pal.  I’d be on the ground calling my lawyer.’
‘My ship is now ready to transmit a focused ray of electromagnetic energy,’ Jack calmly replied.  ‘Your friend’s rescue attempt is about to come to a disappointing end.’
Jack’s announcement instantly sucked Atreus’ confidence away.  He knew enough about physics to know what was going to happen next.  The release of an intense electromagnetic discharge would create a local, but extremely powerful electrical current that would likely short-out any electronic instrumentation within the immediate vicinity.  This included Theo’s Pave Hawk.
‘Farewell, Atreus,’ Jack said placidly, ‘to you and to all your kind.’
Pandemonium erupted as everything happened at once.
A thin beam of blue light shot downwards from the centre of the spaceship to pierce the first key.  Passing through it, the light intensified in colour and continued downwards until it passed straight through the second key, intensifying even more.  The beam then shot out of the second key and diverged to widen at the base, forming a broad cone two metres in diameter, its edge immediately in front of where Jack stood, his green-coloured head and shoulders only centimetres away from it.
In the sky, the Pave Hawk floundered.  Sparks engulfed the interior as the aircraft’s electrical systems shorted-out.  The big frame of the helicopter wavered, its mastery of the air failing.  Suddenly, it lurched to one side and the Load Master tumbled out the starboard side door.  The man’s arms flailed desperately, but he couldn’t reach anything.  Then another arm shot out of the cabin to grab him by the wrist.  It was Theo.  The helicopter lunged again, this time in the opposite direction and Theo was able to use the helicopter’s momentum to swing the Load Master back in towards safety.  The man clutched the lip of the door and desperately scrambled back inside.
‘Trey?’ Patroclus yelled.  ‘Amherst is getting away!’
Atreus heard his brother shout, but he could not turn to look.  If he had, he would have seen Lord Amherst skirting the edge of the limestone flags and moving towards the back of the platform.  Once there, he started up the path towards the main ruins, slowing only enough to hurdle Enzo’s dead body as he passed.  Atreus had no choice but to let him go.
Then, movement in the corner of Atreus’ eye caught his attention.  Someone was moving on the other side of the platform.  The figure took a step to its left and suddenly Atreus knew who it was.  Icy daggers instantly stabbed up his spine.
Tito was on his feet and looking directly at Atreus, a demented leer smeared across the madman’s face.  Slowly and purposefully, the giant reached down with his left hand to inch his knife free of its sheath.  Then, sliding his gaze over to Cassandra and Patroclus, Tito clearly indicated his intentions beyond finishing with Atreus.  The nightmare had returned and this time it would not be waylaid.  Jack’s voice cut into Atreus’ mind, momentarily distracting him.
‘It is time for you to witness the commencement of a new time,’ the alien started.  ‘I am now the most powerful being the universe has ever known.  I alone control the fate of all things that have ever lived and will ever be.  I merely have to enter the beam and wait for my colleagues to open the space-time continuum to send me back.  When that happens, the resulting energy-spike will consume you all.  Behold your doom, Atreus and know that you are its primary cause.’
Jack’s green head and shoulders moved forward into the blue cone of light, the intense radiance infusing the alien’s body and instantly removing its cloak of invisibility.  The blurred outline of a tall, lanky figure with a narrow, elongated head was revealed.  The creature turned and two, bright yellow, almond-shaped eyes appeared, both of which peered out at Atreus, unblinking and unflinching.
Suddenly, Atreus launched forward, free of Jack’s telekinetic strangle hold, his earlier prepared punch flying wide into thin air with his body following.  Landing hard on the ground, he lay still for a moment, coming to grips with his last minute reprieve.  Patroclus and Cassandra mobbed him.
‘Are you okay?’ Cassandra asked.
‘Did he paralyse you again?’ Patroclus queried.
Atreus ignored the questions and looked around to find Jack still standing inside the blue cone of light.
‘Jack’s buddies up in the ship must still be getting their act together,’ Atreus mumbled.  ‘I might still have time?’
‘Time for what?’ Patroclus asked.
‘To give this alien a beating,’ Atreus replied.
Jumping to his feet, Atreus prepared to straighten up, but something pulled him up short.  Someone else stood in his way.  Someone big.
Tito appeared in front of him.  Atreus looked up at the behemoth as the huge man raised his knife to eye-level, brandishing the steel blade with the intent of a butcher.  Blood-lust burned in the giant’s eyes.
‘Cas?  Pat?  Get back!’ he called out, holding his arms out wide.  ‘This is going to get ugly!’
Glancing around the platform, Atreus hunted for a weapon.  A rock.  A stick.  Anything.  Then he saw it, Lord Amherst’s discarded pistol, but reaching it would be impossible.  It lay at least fifteen feet away and directly behind the beast moving in to kill him.  He stood no chance of getting it.
Tito stepped forward.  Atreus locked eyes with him.  This was it.  There was nowhere to go for flight.  All he could do was fight, to the death.  Adrenalin sharpened his senses.  He raised his fists and snarled, ‘Come get some, big fellah.’
Tito lunged forward, his knife flashing.  Atreus sprang back just in time as the tip of the blade sliced the air in front of his stomach.  Another lunge and a slash sent Atreus skipping further backwards.  Tito then thrust forward with an underhand jab, the blade scything upwards.  Atreus dodged to the side and foolishly grabbed Tito’s hand as it whooshed past, hoping to wrestle the weapon free.  Tito merely lifted him off his feet and hurled him to the side where he crashed to the stone floor, rolling onto his back.
Slightly dazed, Atreus looked up and found Jack’s still stationary form inside the blue cone, his yellow eyes glimmering as he eagerly watched the duel.  The experiment was still not complete.  Atreus still had time, but there could only be seconds left.  Then Tito returned to his vision, rapidly bearing down on him again.
A downwards slash forced Atreus to roll away.  A wild kick forced him to roll again.  Something glinted in the corner of his vision.  Atreus spared a millisecond to look back.  It was Lord Amherst’s pistol.  He hadn’t planned it, but Atreus had accidentally rolled in the right direction and placed himself on the correct side of the giant to gain access to the gun.
Another downward slash of the knife forced Atreus to spring clear.  Coming up on all fours, he scrambled frantically across the flagstones towards the gun.  Diving forwards, he grabbed the pistol and rolled to lie on his back, pointing the weapon upwards at his attacker.  Tito froze.  Atreus subconsciously checked the safety and then without warning, pulled the trigger, deliberately aiming for the man’s shoulder.
A bullet exploded from the muzzle, but instead of travelling in the intended direction, it immediately veered upwards and vanished into the glare of white light overhead.  Tito watched the bullet disappear and then looked back down at Atreus, grinning.  The giant resumed his approach.  Atreus fired twice more.  The same thing happened as both bullets disappeared skywards.  This was insane!  What the hell was going on?
Then it dawned.  The spaceship was currently acting as a huge magnet designed to suck in and channel the local planetary, electromagnetic field.  Therefore, it was also sucking in Atreus’ bullets.  The gun was useless and he was defenceless.  Atreus looked up at the towering madman filling his vision.
‘Oh dear,’ was all he could think to say.
Tito charged forward, his glittering knife raised, his eyes burning with pure rage.  Atreus watched with abstract horror as the brute bore down on him, the spectacle playing out as though he had already died and he was viewing a slow-motion replay of his own death.  Tito opened his mouth wide as if to scream his triumph to the world, his victory complete.  The knife came down, and then something else happened.
A deafening swoosh of air blew over Atreus’ head and smashed into Tito’s running form.  The man’s body instantly carved into several pieces and flew upwards off the platform to vanish somewhere out of sight.  A split-second later, the sound of tortured metal screamed overhead as a massive object blasted across the platform to plough into the side of the hillock beneath the ruined citadel.  Debris showered outwards as shock waves pulsed through the ground.
Atreus stayed on his back.  He was neither physically able nor mentally able to register exactly what had just happened only inches from his face.  One second he was doomed to die a horrible death.  The next, he’d been saved by God only knew what.  Suddenly, it registered.  Theo.
The smashed remains of his friend’s Pave Hawk settled on the rocky slope, the aircraft’s huge bulk too heavy to be magnetically drawn upwards with the lighter wreckage and Atreus’ earlier bullets.  The helicopter must have finally succumb to its electrical problems and fallen from the sky, just in time and in the right place to tear Tito apart and save Atreus’ life.  Theo had come through for the second time that day.  A desperate urge pushed Atreus to dash to the wreckage and check on Theo and his crew, but another, far greater threat persisted.  Jack.
‘Trey?  Are you alright?’ Patroclus called from across the platform where he and Cassandra crouched on the flagstones.
‘Fine!’ Atreus waved back, before muttering to himself, ‘Couldn’t be better.’
Atreus doggedly pushed himself to his feet.  He then lifted his gaze and zeroed in on Jack.  The creature’s yellow eyes glimmered out from within the blue cone of energy.  Atreus still had time.  Without any other means of confronting him, Atreus decided to stick to his previous course of action.  His bare hands.
Steeling himself, Atreus walked slowly towards the centre of the platform to where Jack stood immersed in the energy beam.
‘What are you doing, Trey?’ Patroclus called out.
Atreus ignored the question.  Instead he kept his gaze fixed unerringly on the alien’s eyes.
‘I know your mind, Atreus,’ Jack said smugly through his telepathic powers.  ‘You will be utterly consumed if you attempt this.’
‘What do I care?’ Atreus evenly replied in his mind, still striding towards Jack.  ‘Damned if I do.  Damned if I don’t.’
A high-pitched whirr rose from within the disc of light overhead.
‘Ah.  My colleagues are in the final stages of preparation for accessing the space-time continuum,’ Jack said.  ‘Your end is nigh.  My time is about to begin.’
‘Good for you, but it’s going to begin with a bloody nose,’ Atreus said.
‘Trey, stay away from there!’ Patroclus called.  ‘That beam is pure energy!  It’ll kill you!’
‘Listen to your brother, Atreus,’ Jack added, his voice wavering just slightly.
The whirring sound from the spaceship grew in pitch.  A breeze struck up, swirling dust across the platform.
‘You don’t sound so certain anymore, alien-boy,’ Atreus said, stepping in even closer to the cone of energy.
‘The only certainties are my success and your death.’
The whirr overhead intensified further while the breeze strengthened.  Static electricity filled the air.  Sparks jumped off Atreus’ shirt and trousers as the wind ripped at his clothes.
‘You can feel the energy coursing through the air,’ Jack said as he raised his gaze to look directly up through the blue beam towards the spaceship.  ‘The procedure is almost complete.’
‘Trey, get away from there!’ Cassandra yelled over the rising din.
Atreus stepped up next to Jack to stare the alien levelly in the eye, his face centimetres away from the brilliant beam of energy.  The whirring sound screamed.  Atreus’ clothes crackled with the mounting energy surrounding him.  He spread his stance wide to brace himself against the gale force winds.  This was it.  It was either doom for him or doom for all.
‘Don’t do this, Atreus,’ Jack said, a definite quaver edging his tone.  ‘It will kill you.’
‘I know something you don’t,’ Atreus evenly replied in his mind.
‘That’s impossible.  What could you know that I don’t?’
‘Let’s find out together,’ Atreus answered as he plunged headlong into the light, crashing into Jack’s screeching form.
The whirring noise peaked.  The blue cone of energy changed to brilliant red.  Jack and Atreus’ struggling forms lit up inside of it.  A pink sphere of electromagnetic energy bloomed outwards to engulf the platform, swallowing Cassandra and Patroclus whole as they looked helplessly on.  The light grew rapidly in proportions, swelling outwards over the inlet and the rocky coastal plain around.  A lashing gale preceded it, the mighty wind shattering the still surface of the inlet and flattening the scrubby vegetation on the slopes.
Still the light grew.  The noise screamed an unholy rage.  The headlands to the estuary disappeared into the pink sphere.  The hills behind Khor Rori also vanished.  The maelstrom roared unabated, its power growing stronger and stronger as the energy spike fed off the Earth’s own energy.  Nothing could stop it.
Then it slowed, fractionally at first, but then faster, until finally it halted.  Then it began retracting.  The wind reversed direction to suck back inwards.  The core of the vast sphere reverted from red back to blue.  The hills and the headlands reappeared.  The water of the inlet ruffled in the opposite direction as the light flowed back inland.  The slopes returned to view, as did the main citadel.
The energy spike continued to contract, until it returned to the platform.  Cassandra and Patroclus’ prone bodies reappeared.  The sphere continued to pull inwards, the wind sucking harder and harder as it did, until finally, the light plunged in on itself, and vanished, snuffing itself out.  The two keys fell from their floating positions and clattered on the limestone flags.  The light from the spaceship overhead vanished.  The wind died down.  The night returned.  Khor Rori settled back to timeless quiet.
It was over.  It was finally over.

55.

Several minutes later, a pale green glow appeared amidst the wreckage of the Pave Hawk.  Muffled voices broke the silence and the screeching sounds of tearing metal followed.  When the commotion died down, the green light moved down the slope and out onto the spur to the limestone platform.  Five people appeared on the flagstones, three of them walking and two of them being carried.
Theo dropped his green fluoro-stick to the flagstones before laying down the unconscious pilot he carried over his shoulder, while the co-pilot carefully lowered the injured gunner from atop his own frame.  The stumbling Load Master sat heavily down, his left arm cradling his right.
‘Stay put, gents,’ Theo said.  ‘I’m off for a look-see.’
‘Hold up, sir,’ the co-pilot said.  ‘I think the Sergeant’s got a Maglite in his pocket.’
The Captain fished something out of the semi-conscious gunner’s pocket and fiddled with it.  A thin beam of light pierced the night.
‘Good work, son,’ Theo said.  The co-pilot passed the torch up to his commanding officer.  ‘I won’t be long.  How’s about you whip up some Margaritas while we wait for the rescue team?’
‘Sure thing, sir,’ the co-pilot chuckled weakly in return.
‘Good man.  Be back in a flash.’
Theo turned and shone the narrow beam of light around.  He found the edge of the platform and decided to circumnavigate it before venturing into the centre.  Aiming the light ahead of him, he stepped off.  He could not see anything or anyone.  After what had just happened, he honestly expected to find everyone else dead.
‘Can anybody hear me?’ Theo called into the darkness.
No reply.  He kept walking.
‘Is there anybody there?’ he called again.
A scuffling sound broke out from the far side of the platform.  Theo froze.  The scuffling continued.
‘Who goes there?’ Theo called as he shone the torch in the direction of the sound.
‘Theo, is that you?’ sounded a voice.
‘Yes it is!  Stay where you are!’ he called back.  ‘I’m on my way!  Are you hurt?’
‘No, we’re fine!’ returned the same voice.
Theo ran along the edge of the platform, turned a corner and shone the torch ahead of him.  Patroclus’ dirt-streaked face appeared.  Cassandra’s face immediately popped into view next to it.
‘Theo, thank God!’ Patroclus cried, rising unsteadily to his feet.
Theo reached him and held him up.  ‘Steady on there, Pat.  No need to rush.  Cas, are you okay?’
‘I’m...fine.  A little stiff, but I’ll be alright,’ she replied as Theo helped her to stand as well.
‘What about you, old boy?’ Patroclus asked.  ‘That was one hell of a tumble you took in your helicopter.’
‘We’re a bit banged up, but not too bad,’ Theo replied with a smile.  ‘We’ll live to fight another day.’
‘Have you seen any sign of Trey?’ Cassandra suddenly asked.
‘Not yet, but we just got here.  He’ll be around somewhere.’
‘He may not be,’ Patroclus said quietly.  ‘The last thing we saw was Trey charging into that energy beam to have it out with the alien.’
An odd pause followed.
‘Did you say alien?’ Theo asked.
‘Yes,’ Patroclus replied.  ‘That filthy creature meant to do us all in by letting off that energy surge, but it looks like Trey might have foiled him.  I just hope he’s alright and he hasn’t martyred himself to save us all.’
‘Theo,’ Cassandra asked quietly, ‘can you search around for him with your torch?’
‘Of course, but you two come with me first,’ Theo answered.  ‘I want you with the other lads.  They could do with the company.’
Cassandra and Patroclus followed Theo’s beam of light back around the edge of the platform until they met up with the other four soldiers.  The co-pilot was busy checking the unconscious pilot’s pulse.
‘Everything okay, Captain?’ Theo asked his co-pilot as he helped Cassandra lower herself to the ground.
‘I think so, sir,’ the man replied.  ‘He’s still got a strong pulse, so I guess he’ll be fine.’
‘Of course he will.  He’s army,’ Theo said, his tone firm and confident.  He then turned to Patroclus and said, ‘Stay here, Pat.  Look after Cas and help the Captain out in any way you can, alright?’
‘Yes, of course,’ Patroclus replied.
Theo then moved back out into the darkness, his torch light playing back and forth across the flagstones.
‘Listen, Cas,’ Patroclus said as reassuringly as he could.  ‘I’m sure Trey’s okay.  That thing about him martyring himself, that didn’t mean anything.  Trey’s probably just passed out somewhere or knocked his head or…’
‘I know, Pat,’ Cassandra quietly replied.  ‘I know he’s fine.  He said he wouldn’t go anywhere without me.’
Patroclus shut his mouth.  His bumbling wasn’t going to help anyone.  Together they listened to Theo’s calls as he ventured out into the centre of the platform.
‘Trey, can you hear me?’ Theo cried as he swung the thin beam of torch-light around.  ‘Are you out here, buddy?’
Nothing appeared, but empty space.  Crossing through the centre of the platform and all the way to the far side, Theo stopped on the edge and investigated the slope below.  Nothing there either.  There was absolutely no sign of Atreus anywhere.  It was like he had disappeared.
‘Where the hell are you, pal?’ he swore into the night.
Theo turned to head back to the others, but halted.  There was something in front of him.  Turning the torch off, he peered ahead into the darkness.  It was definitely still there.  A faint, but very real pinpoint of red light hovering in the centre of the platform; a space he had just crossed and found completely empty.
Patroclus’ voice called across the flagstones.  ‘What’s that red light, Theo?’
‘Search me!’ he shouted back.  ‘Stay where you are!’
Just then, the light swelled, rapidly intensifying in colour as it did to an iridescent crimson.
‘Take cover!’ Theo yelled as he half-turned and shied away, but instead of diverting his eyes, he fixed his gaze on the bizarre phenomena.
The red light deepened and then did something extraordinary.  It morphed into a distinctly human-shaped form.  Theo stared agog.  The outline sharpened further until he could clearly make out a person crouched over with his or her arms held out in an empty bear-hug.
‘What in God’s name is…?’ he started, but was cut-off by a loud crackling sound as the red light flashed white and then instantly vanished.  A wet thump followed.
Theo stood stock-still for a moment as he waited for any sign of activity.  Nothing happened.  Then, shining the torch into the centre of the platform, he found a glistening, wet mass piled up on the flagstones; a mass Theo could not positively identify as being anything, let alone human.  Cautiously, he approached the form.  All he could hear was a quiet, squelching.
‘Is anyone there?’ Theo asked the viscous lump.  ‘Can you hear me?’
A moan emanated from the pile.
‘What is that?’ Theo muttered.
‘Where am I?’ asked a familiar voice.
‘Trey, is that you?’
‘Anyone got a towel?’ Atreus asked as he sat up.
‘Trey, you old dog!’ Theo called as he dashed in to kneel next to his friend.  ‘You sure know how to make an entrance!’
‘Ugh, this stuff is disgusting,’ Atreus drawled.
‘I’d give you a hug, partner,’ Theo replied with a frown, ‘except you got some serious grooming problems to take care of first.’
Atreus froze for a second and then looked wide-eyed up at his old friend.  ‘Theo, you’re alive?’
‘Sure am,’ his friend replied with a smile.  ‘Wouldn’t have it any other way.’
‘But your chopper?  You took a header into the hill.  Are you okay?’
‘Pave Hawk’s a write-off, but everyone’s fine.’
‘And you?’
‘Bit of a shiner, but nothing time and a bag of frozen peas can’t fix.’
Atreus let loose a huge sigh.  ‘Phew.  When it happened I thought you were a goner.  Bit of a shiner though, hey?  That shouldn’t set your modelling career back too far.’
Theo let loose a genuine, heart-felt laugh.  ‘You must be okay.  That old Atreus wit’s as sharp as ever.’
‘What about Cas and Pat?’ Atreus asked.  ‘Are they alright?’
‘Like I said, everyone’s fine.  They’re just over there.  Can you walk?’
‘I could probably slide?’
‘Here, let me give you a boost.’
Theo leaned down and against his preferred wishes, slung an arm underneath Atreus’ shoulders to lift him to his feet, redistributing a significant portion of the slime onto himself in the process.
‘I’m sending you the dry-cleaning bill,’ Theo quipped.
‘Dry-cleaning I can handle.  Squaring you up for that Pave Hawk I don’t know about.  You trashed that sucker pretty good,’ Atreus replied as together they hobbled across to the others.  ‘Hey, what are you doing out here anyway?  You’re supposed to be headed for Africa.’
‘Washington called.  The brass at the Pentagon wanted me to hold on and check out what they were calling a significant electromagnetic anomaly, so here I am and by the looks of it, in the nick of time again,’ Theo added.  ‘It seems pulling you out of a tough spot is a full-time job.’
‘What?  No way.  I had it all under control.’
‘The last thing I saw before face-planting into the hill was you on your back with that lunatic bearing down on you with a sword,’ Theo explained.  ‘Is that what you call under control?’
‘It was a knife and I could’ve taken him.’
‘That was no knife and you were history, pal.  It’s a good thing we cleaned him up as we blew past.’
‘You almost got me and him in the quinella, mate.  I’m not going to need a hair-cut for a while,’ Atreus complained.
‘What about that Amherst fellow?’ Theo asked.
‘The going got tough didn’t it?’
‘Why do the bad guys always turn yellow at the end?’
‘Poor breeding I guess,’ Atreus replied.
‘Trey, is that you?’ Cassandra queried hesitantly when they came close enough for her to see.
‘In the flesh,’ Atreus answered.  ‘Well, in the slime actually.’
Cassandra jumped to her feet and threw her arms wide to hug Atreus.  He tried to fend her off, but before he could she slapped into his goo-covered body.  Holding him tightly, she ignored the viscous coating.  Atreus wavered on his feet.
‘Hang on, Cas,’ he said weakly.  ‘It’s great to see you too, but I really need to sit down again.’  Cassandra unpeeled her arms from around his neck and helped him sit on the ground.  ‘I need to relax before I give Theo a dodgy explanation for his smashed helicopter.’
‘You sure do,’ Theo replied, ‘and it better be good.’
‘What do you want to hear? Atreus asked.  ‘The truth, or smoke and mirrors?’
‘Can I ask a few questions first?’
‘Fire away.’
Theo paused for a moment as he considered the best way to begin his line of inquiry.  ‘Ah, to hell with it,’ he said at length.  ‘I’ll just come straight out and ask.  Was that really a spaceship I saw hovering overhead?’
‘Yes,’ Atreus flatly replied.
Theo nodded silently.  ‘And was that an alien standing in the middle of this platform inside a beam of blue light?’
‘Right again,’ Atreus returned.
‘And all this time, since I saw you in Muscat, you’ve been traipsing around Oman looking for alien artefacts, whilst masquerading as treasure hunters searching for the Queen of Sheba’s lost gold?’
‘Three out of three,’ Atreus replied nodding.
‘Okay.  Forget the truth,’ Theo relented.  ‘Let’s go with the smoke and mirrors version.’
‘Sorry, Theo,’ Patroclus cut-in, ‘but, Trey, we have to know.  What happened when you stepped into the energy beam and where did you go and where’s Jack?’
Wiping a clump of slime from his brow, Atreus sighed and shook his head.  ‘I don’t know, Pat,’ he said.  ‘Some of it I think I know, but most of it I’m guessing.  The one thing I do know for sure though, is that Jack wasn’t the sharpest tool in the alien shed.’
‘How so?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Well, you know how he claimed that every living thing in the region was destroyed by the energy spike in the aftermath of his original experiment six million years ago?’
‘Yes,’ Patroclus replied, ‘which was a phenomenon we desperately wanted to avoid here and thanks to you seem to have succeeded in doing.’
‘Well, I’m no nuclear physicist,’ Atreus continued, ‘but having read a few books on the subject even I know that electromagnetic energy is non-ionising.’
A pause developed.  Patroclus spoke up.  ‘Which means?’
‘Which means it’s not strong enough to break or alter the molecular structure of living cells,’ Atreus added before pausing again.  Patroclus’ gesticulating coerced him into continuing, ‘which in turn makes it harmless to humans.’
‘And this is significant how?’ Patroclus queried.
‘Well, what it means is that Jack’s threat of our complete destruction at the hands of the energy spike was pure nonsense.  We were never in any danger at all.’
‘So why did it wipe out his city when he first performed the experiment?’
‘I suspect when Jack pulled the trigger on the experiment six million years ago and blew town for the future, the Earth’s planetary field was ruptured and then when it tried to realign itself to normal, it sucked all of the locally available energy in, which meant sucking in Jack’s magical, energy city as well, effectively wiping it out.’
‘Okay, so that takes care of the city,’ Patroclus continued to question, ‘but what about just now?  Where did Jack and his spaceship go?’
‘If you can build a city out of pure energy, why not a spaceship?’ Atreus replied simply.
‘Okay, I get that, but that still leaves Jack.  Where did he go?’
Atreus looked down at himself and scraped a glob of slime off his chest.  ‘I think I’m wearing him.’
Patroclus pulled a face.  ‘You mean that gunk is liquefied alien?’
‘Yeah, I think it is.’
‘That’s disgusting.’
‘You’re telling me.  I wonder if this stuff’s any good for my complexion?’ Atreus replied, holding a handful of goo up for closer examination.
‘What makes you say that horrible slime is actually Jack?’ Patroclus asked.  ‘I thought you said electromagnetic energy is harmless to living cells?  So, how could the energy spike have liquefied him?’
‘Well, when Jack started to sprout about how clever he was at manipulating energy fields, I started to suspect that just about everything he needed in his life to sustain himself and survive, was reliant on energy manipulation of some sort or another.  His invisible suit for example was probably a force-field of some description that somehow bent light around his body, making him essentially transparent, but the suit probably served a dual purpose in not only camouflaging him, but also protecting him from Earth’s atmosphere.  Who knows what Jack’s organic composition was, but if this is him all over me, then it certainly wasn’t conducive to oxygen.’
‘Revolting, but logical,’ Patroclus said.  ‘So what about your tussle with Jack inside the energy beam?  I assume you’d guessed at that stage that the beam wouldn’t hurt you, but what happened after the spike?  Where did you go?’
‘That’s where it all gets a bit fuzzy,’ Atreus replied, looking out into the night.  ‘I remember stepping into the light, crash-tackling the slippery bugger and wrestling him into a bear-hug.  Then when I finally had him right where I could really start giving it to him, everything went bright red and he disappeared.’
‘And then?’ Patroclus quizzed.
‘Then I heard Theo’s voice and hey presto!  Here I am covered in mucous.’
‘But where did you go?’ Patroclus continued.  ‘You physically disappeared for what must have been a good ten minutes.’
Atreus fell silent for a few moments and then slowly, a smile spread across his face.  He chuckled.
‘What?’ Patroclus asked.  ‘What’s so funny?’
Atreus silently looked up at everyone, his grin widening even further.  ‘There is one possibility,’ he said, ‘but it’s going to sound crazy as hell.’
‘Take a look around, Trey,’ Patroclus butted in.  ‘Does any of this seem normal to you?’
‘Fair point,’ Atreus replied nodding.  ‘Well, as insane as it sounds, I suspect Jack’s experiment did actually work, although not in the way he intended.’
‘What do you mean?’ Cassandra asked.
‘Jack may have inadvertently turned himself into petroleum jelly, but perhaps somebody still got to travel through time?’
Silence slid over the small gathering.  Patroclus broke the pause first.  ‘You mean you think you travelled forward in time about ten minutes?’
‘Yeah,’ Atreus replied, shrugging his shoulders.  ‘I think I did.’
Another pause followed.
‘Okay then, moving right along,’ Patroclus finally said.  ‘What do we do now?’
‘What?’ Atreus protested.  ‘You don’t believe me?’
Patroclus put his hands in his pockets and looked at his feet.  ‘Come on, Trey, it’s not that we don’t believe you, it’s just that it’s a bit far-fetched is all.’
‘What do you mean far-fetched?’ Atreus scoffed.  ‘Like you said, take a look around.  Does any of this seem normal to you?’
‘There must be another more logical explanation,’ Patroclus persisted.
‘Why?  Why isn’t it possible that I…?’ Atreus shot back as he started to rise to his feet.
Cassandra cut him off by stepping in and placing a hand on his shoulder to keep him on the ground.  She then knelt in front of him and pressed a finger against his lips.
‘Shh, darling,’ she said.  ‘Leave it be.  It doesn’t matter.’
‘Yes, it matters.  Why…?’ Atreus continued.
‘No, it doesn’t,’ Cassandra crooned.  ‘It’s been a long day and a lot’s happened, so we’re all a bit tense right now.  What does matter is that we had faith in you and you came through and that’s why we’re all still alive.’
Atreus glared up at his brother and then looked away.  ‘Thanks, Cas,’ he said.
‘Don’t you agree, Pat?’ Cassandra pushed.
After a second’s consideration Patroclus said, ‘Yes, of course.  Thanks, Trey,’ he said quietly.  ‘Really smashing work.’
‘Don’t mention it, mate,’ Atreus mumbled in reply.  ‘Any time, but, hey, don’t forget about Theo and his boys.  They deserve a pat on the back for their last-minute, save-the-day antics as well.’
‘Yes, they do,’ Patroclus said more brightly, holding out a hand, which Theo warmly shook.  ‘Thanks, old chum.’
‘Uncle Sam at your service,’ Theo quipped with a smile.
‘Really splendid work,’ Patroclus added, looking around at the other four soldiers.  ‘We wouldn’t be here without you, but now that we’re all alive and we’ve saved the world and the human race and all that, what happens next?  Do we just stand around and wait for the next tourist bus to come along and find us?’
‘EPERB,’ Theo replied.
Patroclus pulled a face.  ‘I’m not with you, old fellow.’
‘Emergency Personal Beacon,’ Theo replied.  ‘All our birds are fitted with them.  The troops’ll be here any minute now.’
‘Goody.  Just in time for supper,’ Atreus added.  “I’m starving.’
‘What about the keys?’ Patroclus asked.  ‘We promised to return the first key to the Freemasons when we were finished.’
‘They can have it,’ Atreus immediately shot back.  ‘Gift wrapped if they want.’
‘And the second key?’ Cassandra asked.  ‘What should we do with it?’
‘I think we should donate it to Winston for being such a good sport about getting blown-up back in Jerusalem,’ Patroclus added, ‘but speaking of the keys.  Where are they?’
‘They’ll be around here somewhere,’ Atreus replied.  ‘We found them once.  We can find them again.’
‘So what’s in store for the Knight Family Circus next?’ Theo asked.  ‘Deep-sea diving for sunken treasure?  Aztec gold in the Andes?’
‘Like Trey said,’ Patroclus answered.  ‘Supper and probably a good stiff brandy.’
‘As little as possible and hopefully a tropical island,’ Cassandra added, removing a large glob of slime off Atreus’ collar.
‘A tropical island sounds good,’ Atreus agreed.  ‘How about somewhere in Indonesia?’
‘Why Indonesia?  Why not Tahiti?’ Patroclus asked.
‘Oh, I don’t know.  It’s just that we owe an old friend a favour and that might involve going to Indonesia.’
Patroclus closed his eyes and shook his head.  ‘I don’t believe it,’ he said.
‘Come on, you said it yourself,’ Atreus continued.  ‘Winston did the decent thing back in Jerusalem by leading us to the first key and getting himself blown up in the process.  The least we can do is help him fulfil his dream.’
‘No, way.  Absolutely no way,’ Patroclus resisted.
‘What?’ Cassandra asked, looking between the two brothers.  ‘What are you two talking about?’
‘You don’t want to know, Cas,’ Patroclus said moodily.
‘What’s Pat talking about, dear?’ she asked Atreus.
Atreus looked directly into Cassandra’s eyes and said one word, ‘Atlantis.’
This time Cassandra closed her eyes, while Theo burst into laughter.  He continued to laugh, even as the sound of an approaching helicopter floated onto the platform.  Atreus looked amongst his companions and held his grin in place.
‘Come on,’ he said, ‘don’t tell me you didn’t see that coming.’

The End

*          *          *

Stuff about the author...

Thanks for reading my maiden novel, The End of Time.  I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.  If so and you’d like to read more about Atreus Knight and the nonsense he gets up to, drop me a line at atreusknight@gmail.com.  If time allows, then there might just be another Atreus Knight tale on the way, or perhaps something all together different.  I’ve got lots of yarns to spin getting tangled up in my head.

I can’t really say exactly where the inspiration for the plot for The End of Time came from, but the Middle Eastern element was sourced from the several years my wife and I lived in the Sultanate of Oman.  The country holds a special place in our lives and our hearts.  It enriched our lives in so many different and positive ways that it is fair to say, the people, the culture and the extraordinarily beautiful landscape have left indelible prints on us that will never wash away.  The country also gave us our two beautiful children and for that, we will always be grateful.  If ever the opportunity knocks to visit the Middle East, you absolutely must take the time to visit Oman.  The experiences you capture will reward you forever.  Thank you again for reading.
