Mira, Mira on the Wall
The uNiverse Series

Jenna Inouye

Smashwords Edition

Follow this author online:
http://www.howtolivewrite.com/

For more books by this author:
http://www.howtolivewrite.com/books/

In a glossy white plastic cell, a young woman awoke upon a padded floor. The ceiling of the cell slowly illuminated itself, glowing with a carefully calibrated, sterile white light. The room was inexplicably dusty, and she traced a pattern lightly across the surface of the wall. She did not get up. Instead, she whispered the lyrics to a song that she remembered from a distant time; a time when she was much, much younger.
Mira had been in her cell for eight years now, but she wasn’t aware of this.  At some point during the day, during the waking hours, a small door would open and she would be allowed to bathe. Food would be provided to her, expertly calculated to provide a minimum of caloric intake. It was cold and bland but it was all she could remember now. 
The refreshment pod would move from cell to cell; an automaton that could not know that it no longer had purpose. Mira didn’t know the architecture of this strange place, but she was in one of thousands of rooms dotted across the wall. What Mira did know, however, was that she could not sense a living soul anywhere around her.
Her silver-blue eyes stuttered across the lines she had drawn in the dust like the ticking of a clock.
Mira didn’t know why she had been imprisoned, and she didn’t care. She remembered little from her prior life, and she had no need for what memories she did have. Mira was content with the thin, recycled air and the colorless but palatable food. She was content with the never-changing temperature, and the ever-changing light. There was nothing on earth that Mira wanted for.
And so, Mira sang a song. She sang until the darkness fell, as it always did.

Across town, Alice smiled absently at her reflection in the window, brushing her hair to the side. She could tell that she looked older these days; older than her twenty four years of life really should have marked her. Her pale blue eyes had faded a little, and she could tell that her hair was darkening as her skin was becoming paler. She couldn’t remember the last time she had just sat outside and enjoyed the sun. 
Still, she felt happier than she had in a long time. 
She felt a buzz at her waist, and shook her thoughts off like a coat of rain. She needed to get to work, and she couldn’t be late to her first contract. She pulled her coat closer, heading onwards down the cold city streets. A little girl and her mother passed by, bumping into her as they ran past. She thought little of it; they were following a verse trail. 
Still, she put her hood up and kept her eyes down, made nervous by the contact. It really wasn’t worth advertising herself while she was in Midland. She hoped that no one was trying to scan her for a profile, though she knew that at least a few would. She just needed to avoid teenagers; they were always the worst.
The uNiverse system was expensive, and was usually installed shortly after birth. The user needed to acclimate to its use throughout their growth, as the implant was significantly biological in nature. There was also a monthly subscription fee that was not insubstantial, even for the lowest tier of service. 
Not having a connection to the verse was like living outside of society. The unconnected were virtually unemployable. Alice survived by doing odd jobs, as most of the unconnected did. Without a uNiverse system, the unconnected couldn’t pursue higher education. They couldn’t even have a conventional bank account. Many of them did physical labor and contract work in the hopes that someday their children would be able to afford a verse device, and getting it later in life presented some significant health problems. It wasn’t a conscious discrimination: it was just the way the system worked.
Most unconnected workers had to have their pay run through outdated credit card systems that were only accepted in certain districts and in certain retail locations. Consequently, were restricted by default as to where they could live, how they could socialize and what they could buy. The general population was extremely wary of the unconnected, because they were difficult to control and seemingly prone to crime. However, it wasn’t completely an issue of class.
Peace officers, known as the Guard, enforced the law through the verse; they could remotely shut down a subject’s vision and hearing, thus leading to a calm and peaceful arrest. Most minor crimes like theft were rendered virtually impossible through the verse, because everything was tracked and monitored with automated security systems. Even physical violence was usually avoided, because the verse would immediately detect harm to its user.
The Guard could easily look through visual feeds to determine what had happened with any given time, greatly increasing the efficiency of the court system.  The Guard could track almost anyone in the world, and the verse itself was able to restrict specific areas. Someone with a uNiverse could never enter into another person’s home uninvited, but a connected easily could. While the verse feed—the audio and visual recordings of a person’s life—could be shut off at the user’s discretion, the device was never truly off. It only slipped into a passive mode that could still be tracked and, if necessary, turned back on.
The unconnected were essentially invisible to the current system. Peace officers couldn’t locate them, and they couldn’t control them. To the general public, this made the unconnected seem untrustworthy overall. There were government programs aimed at subsidizing systems for the unconnected, but they were rare. Children who did especially well in school were sometimes awarded scholarships for an uplink so they could attend college, but they always seemed to fall behind their peers. It was also a gamble: some of them ended up with physical complications that would follow them for the rest of their lives.
The older a person was, the more likely a uNiverse device was to have significant side effects, such as death. Each iteration of the uNiverse had been further embedded into the brain, to the point that the technology was significantly organic in nature. Having it installed at birth was almost a foolproof process; having it installed later was unpredictable at best.
Removing it was even more complex an issue, and generally not done unless there was a serious physical problem, such as a tumor surrounding the device. The system could be rendered inoperable, through the use of an extremely powerful electromagnetic device; even this, however, came with risks. The risks were both physical and legal. The biomedical component of the device would still fire, sometimes leading to seizures or other unpredictable behavior.
The authorities also took the destruction of a uNiverse device rather seriously; there were fines and penalties attached, which became impossible to pay once becoming unconnected. The result often required a person to drop off the grid entirely after destroying their device. Each uNiverse device was technically still the property of the corporation; this allowed the company to retain full control over the technology and, to a lesser extent, those that used it. 
Alice slowly realized that she was lost. She was not familiar with Midland, though she visited Vikram in the area from time to time. Midland was all blank walls, strange shapes and blind corners to her: all of the areas that would have displayed advertisements, maps or important public information were blank without a connection to the verse. There were even empty alcoves dotting the sides of the street that she knew were vending machines and information booths, but to her they were just a blank concrete canvas. 
She knew she couldn’t ask anyone without calling attention to herself. There weren’t even any public signs.
She sighed to herself. She was trying. She really was. But she felt lost, scared and vulnerable, and she hated that feeling of fragility. Around her people talked to invisible friends, scrolled through countless messages and entertained themselves blindly as they walked. There was a world beyond her sight; a world of shared experience that she couldn’t even comprehend. She had wanted to do this: she had wanted to take a job in Midland to prove to herself that she could fit into Vikram’s life without the verse. And she had known it wouldn’t be easy, but she had hoped that it wouldn’t be as hard.
A group of women, chattering to themselves, passed her by. All of them were wearing the same stark white shirt and pants. It was just a base for their real appearance: they could easily change the way their clothes looked and acted through the verse. Some people even had stamps projected across their skin like tattoos. Alice wondered if they noticed her, or if they were too busy concentrating on their own lives and their own conversation. She knew that she felt more noticeable than she truly was, but the knowledge of that fact didn’t help her.
Alice grabbed the first train car that came, hoping that it would pass through the center of the city. The money was more than she could afford, but she also couldn’t afford to lose the work. She was only allowed in the side aisle, as it was the only area that could accept payment from her card rather than a verse credit. 
She felt relieved to be around others like her.

People could say the world had changed, but it wouldn’t be accurate. The world was, and always had been, in a constant state of turmoil, flux and modification. Society was, as always, an organic thing captured in the knowledge of those that were still alive. The last generation that remembered a different society, a different world, had long passed. 
The world as was now known—as everyone living knew it—was a world that was controlled by the ever-present grasp of the verse. The verse had initially been created as a network to secure, monitor and protect soldiers and police officers, but had propagated into common use from there. The uNiverse device itself wasn’t a technological innovation—in fact, it hadn’t even been the best in its class. At first it was simply the most common device, and then it was all there was.
The uNiverse interfaced directly with the minds of users to create a technological overlay over everything the user saw; an augmented reality meshed with an all-encompassing networking protocol colloquially called the verse. It was the perfect interface between man and machine, and the largest system the world had ever seen. Soon, all information was collected in the verse, and the verse became an ever-present component to everyday life.
A user would awake when their uNiverse told them to. The user’s schedule would appear in the corner of their eye. At any time, their employer could determine their location and whether they were running on schedule. Directions to the user’s appointments were automatically displayed as a glowing path across the ground. As the user ate, the content of their food was displayed in front of them. Ingredients could be reordered as desired. 
The user’s heart rate and other vital statistics were monitored constantly, and if they had health care coverage the appropriate medications and information would be distributed to them automatically. If the user was low on specific nutrients, the verse would tell them what to eat to adjust. Their weight could be tracked. 
At work, the user did not need to calculate things in their head: they simply needed to send their queries to the verse directly to get a response. Files could be shared as necessary with a mere thought. Deadlines would scroll by, memos would circulate and time would pass. 
Whenever the user met someone new, a uNiverse profile would appear beside them. The user could see prior relationships, common friends, places they had visited and jobs they had held. They could see what the other users had done last night, and even what they had just eaten. Videos could be played of the user’s prior adventures. Some users would pay to have their profiles made private, especially those that were in the public eye. 
The verse eventually became a subconscious mechanism that was used on auto-pilot. It was all a natural extension of technology that had already existed; ubiquitous, and seemingly harmless. However, the control of information is never entirely without risk. This was especially true when it was in the hands of a single person.
While the verse was technically an uncontrolled protocol by which data was exchanged, the actual uNiverse device was sheltered under the grasp of the Wellhouse Bank. Once purely an investment company, the Wellhouse Bank had entered into a golden era of strategic purchases. It now controlled the majority share of the nation’s wealth, and there was no way of actually quantifying its power. 
The Wellhouse Bank was a private company, having been founded and owned by a single man. When Sterling Wellhouse had originally created the bank, it was intended to as an investment vehicle for humanitarian projects and technology that would benefit the world. Sterling was a brilliant man, and an innovator. He knew that the way to get ahead wasn’t to create the best product, but rather to improve upon the usability of current products and ensure that technology reached everyone in the world on an equal basis. 
One of his pet projects was in finding a way to help everyone in the world connect to the verse. With uNiverse, he had sought to extend a user’s knowledge about their world. He thought that the more people understood the world, the more they would be compelled to fix it. The uNiverse would show them their carbon footprint when they turned on their heater, and would tell them which products in the market were free trade. The uNiverse would update them on government elections, and be used to fight injustice.
In fact, they had mostly used it to look at pictures of cats. From day one, really.
Had Sterling remained in charge, the uNiverse device would have remained nothing more than a casual appliance. Unfortunately for his competitors, Sterling was the type of maverick that enjoyed a hands-on approach. Eventually he had an incident in product testing that left him permanently brain-damaged. At the time, Sterling’s succession plan listed his daughter as the prime heir to his estate. His daughter being only three years old, her mother eventually took control. And in Sterling’s absence, she had flourished.

On the wall, Mira was doing beautiful math. 
Calculations formed and spun across her brain, but it wasn’t the type of math that could be taught in a school. The math that Mira did was wordless and indescribable: alchemic objects spinning wildly, constructing and deconstructing themselves in the shifting ether of her brain. Mira understood logic, but she had no words for this logic because she had never been taught. 
Mira didn’t know this, but she had just reached 24 years of age. In fact, she was the same age as Alice. Exactly the same age.
Mira’s life had been a strange series of events that she was never quite able to understand. As a logical, not emotional, thinker Mira had simply observed her life as a sequence. Not good, not bad; just a chaotic, organic web of places and people. Through analysis, she had seen patterns, but none of these patterns could help her now. Her pitch black hair was now dull and lank, and her eyes had long faded to gray.
For the first eight of years of her life, Mira knew that she had been in the care of an adoptive couple that had at least seemed to love her. She had been diagnosed as autistic, eventually, though there was no particular reason for her to believe or disbelieve the diagnosis. She had been taken into the care of a facility that promised advanced treatments with the potential to help her engage with society. Unable to reach their daughter in any meaningful way, the couple had agreed. Mira didn’t remember any of her time at this facility. She knew there was probably a reason for this. 
Eventually, Mira knew that she had been moved to the Wall. There, Mira didn’t think about anything except the numbers. She could feel them in the air. Sometimes, they would form pictures. Other times, sounds. Some of the numbers could even be tasted. For now, though, Mira could sense the numbers ebbing away; leeching into the walls and dissolving into the fabric of her mind. The flow of everything had seemed to stop, like a stagnant pool of boundless water. 
She noticed silence. It was dark, and it had been dark for longer than it should have been. And distantly, Mira was aware that the food had stopped coming. However, she wasn’t as concerned about that as she was about the numbers.

“We’re here with Warden Cox, discussing the controversial decision to shut down the Wall. Warden Cox, is there anything you’d like to say to the public?” asked Stephen Black, a reporter for uNews Now.  The feed was going live to the public, and was simultaneously displayed upon public news screens as well as the heads up displays of anyone currently tuned in. uNews Now was the leading news station, but not the only one. There were a myriad of news feeds in the world… all of which took their information directly from uNews Now.
The reporter and the Warden were standing in front of the immense infrastructure that actually comprised the Wall. The Wall was known as a masterful piece of architecture that housed the worst criminals in Midland in elegant and padded facilities. Only violent criminals and the unconnected were housed within the Wall.
The government had moved away from punishing non-violent crimes with imprisonment. Instead, all non-violent crimes were penalized on a monetary basis. However, it was impossible to really enforce a monetary fine on the unconnected because of the old credit systems they used. Thus, the Wall housed both violent criminals and served as a debtor’s prison. 
Those on the Wall were not rehabilitated. They were simply shelved for the duration of their sentence. If they were connected, which was rare, their device was disabled. The Wall resided at the very edge of one of the last forests in the region, and children would sometimes camp out there, on the edge of the network, and tell stories about escaped unconnected convicts. 
“Well, it wasn’t really a decision, as such,” said the Warden, with a shrug. He was a large, solidly built man with dark eyes and more wrinkles than could be accounted for during his brief stay on earth. “Fact is, we can’t get it up and running again. The entire system has been taken down, we believe by Ciphers. We can’t get in, and no one can get out.”
“In April of last year, the Wall issued a report stating that there are 6,708 violent criminals housed within its structure,” said Black. “Almost 94 percent of which were unconnected. What will happen to those criminals? Can you even track them?”
“Well, they’re not getting out,” said the Warden, with a booming laugh. He glanced towards the cameraman knowingly, and then back to Black. “Yeah, well, we’re concerned about that too, of course. The Wall’s been down about two days now, so we’re not really sure what’s going on in there. You know, of course, because they’re not connected we can’t see if they’re still alive or moving around or whatnot.”
“And there’s evidence the Ciphers were responsible?” asked Black.
“Well, it seems like one of the things they’d do, trying to initiate unrest,” the Warden reasoned. He seemed to hesitate and then shifted gears. “Honestly, I mean, I’m out of a job here. No one would rather this not be happening except for me.”
The Ciphers were the freedom fighters of the new world. Like most freedom fighters, they weren’t unified, and they had no real goal. They were people who had run the risk of death to get themselves disconnected or who simply raged against the machinery of society itself. They were people who preferred life off the grid or were forced into a life off the grid due to their crimes. Some of them kept to themselves and others actively disrupted and hacked the verse. Some people even believed they were a myth; boogeymen created by the government to keep the unconnected in check. 
In truth, the Ciphers were simply extraordinarily badly organized. They were comprised of distinct and disparate clans, which constantly changed and shifted. They weren’t truly any type of threat to the verse, but they were a convenient scapegoat for things that went wrong. They played to the public’s overall fears of the unconnected and what they could potentially be capable of.
“Some people see leaving these people to die in there as cruel, what would you say to them?” asked Black.
“These are people who killed other people. Not just killed, but tortured and terrorized,” said the Warden, firmly. “We could have convicted them to death anyway, but instead we gave them some time on the Wall to live in comfort and harmony. It was a blessing, and that blessing is now over. Like I said, we can’t do anything.”
“And what would you say to, for instance the Maroney family, who say that their mother should be out of prison within three years? Our reports show that almost two thirds of the people on the Wall were serving short term sentences for debt.”
“Well those records are wrong,” said the Warden, firmly. “We have a couple of debtors on the wall, sure. But almost all of them are violent criminals that are sentenced for life. I’m not any happier about this than you, but let’s not get histrionic. You can’t believe the unconnected when they talk about their sentences; seems like just about everyone says they’re innocent.”
“Couldn’t you potentially override the Wall?” asked Black, motioning towards the immense structure. 
“The locks simply won’t disengage without power,” said the Warden, with a shrug. “The only way to get in would be to physically open the doors. And who is going to do that? There are 10,000 doors in there. How would we prioritize? Do we let the child killers out first, or the child molesters? Do we give them a pat on the back and a sandwich as we release them? How do we track unconnected people wandering around free like that? We’ll lose at least one serial killer, probably thirty. Will that be my responsibility? Will it be yours?”
Black shrugged, and nodded amiably. “I guess when you say it like that it sounds like there isn’t as many choices as people believe they are.”
“That’s what I’m saying,” said the Warden, with a tight smile. His eyes flickered, and he repeated, “I’m out of a job! I don’t like this anymore than anyone else. I think we’ve addressed all of the real complaints.”
“We’re just now finishing with Warden Cox from the Wall,” continued Black, turning to look at the camera “After the advertisements, we’ll be talking to Stacey November, the world famous model, with some exciting news about how you can teach your bird to answer your door when you’re not home! Stay tuned for more.”
News sites around the globe flared up. 
Western Sector News released “Warden Cox: How the Wall Could Affect the Western Sector,” while the Manufacturing & Packing Association reported, “Warden Cox Defends His Answer to Human Packing System Technology.” The People for Ethical Treatment of Unconnected Users ran the headline “Why Warden Cox Says No to Saving Unconnected Prisoners,” and Jobs News Daily followed closely behind with, “Warden Cox Might Lose Job over Debacle: What Was His Salary?” 
As normal, all of these articles linked directly to the uNews Now feed.

Alice had been thirty minutes late by the time she found the building, but Ethan had just smiled at her and showed her the time card he had already punched in. The work was hard, but it was simple, and it gave Alice time to think.
She had a lot to think about.
They were taking a break for lunch and were watching broadcasts when the news was reported.
“That is stupid, the Ciphers didn’t do that,” said Ethan, watching on a small handheld device. Neither Alice nor Ethan could see the feeds the way they were meant to be distributed, but Ethan had unlicensed tech from his father. Alice looked up from her foot to see him crushing a small metal bottle within his hand and mindlessly tossing it below. “Why would they do that? Most the people on the Wall are unconnected.”
“Killing 6,000 people sounds like a great way to get everyone riled up,” suggested Alice, with a helpless shrug. Alice had long learned not to worry about the things that she couldn’t control. She tossed a scrap of cardboard at a bin in the corner of the platform, but missed as a gust of wind blew it away. They were both sitting atop a window washing rig, high on the 78th floor. 
Ethan had worked as a window cleaner for the Era Corporation for a few years now; it was one of the few companies that had initiatives for the hiring of the unconnected. It got them positive press and cheap labor at the same time, though doubtlessly their insurance rates skyrocketed. It was hard work, but it was better than most and it was reliable. It also wasn’t actually as risky as it seemed. 
Alice had been on a waiting list for the job for seven months before someone had finally fallen, and Ethan had been able to push her name to the top through his seniority. Alice wouldn’t have felt quite right about that, but he hadn’t told her.
“Don’t joke, we could be one of those people,” said Ethan. He grabbed half of a sandwich from a rough paper bag. “Just leaving them to die, it’s not right.”
Alice shrugged sympathetically and tilted her head. Ashy blonde hair drifted in the wind. “You heard them. They don’t have a choice. And he’s losing his job over it.”
Ethan rolled his eyes almost involuntarily. He loved Alice, but sometimes he felt like she preferred to ignore reality rather than face it. Then again, she probably had her reasons. Most people like that did.
Alice felt a buzz in her pocket, and pulled out her handheld. Only the connected used them now, but she always felt a twinge of pride in the old, battered thing. Ethan’s father had made it for her as a gift, many years ago. The message was only hearts. It was signed, unavoidably, “sent from Vikram with uNiverse,” but Alice still smiled.
Vikram’s grandparents had invested heavily in technology when they were young, idealistic and poor. His grandparents themselves were never able to benefit from this, having lived and died in comfort but never wealth. Upon the death of his grandfather his mother was startled to learn of a fortune that they had inherited in the stock market. It seemed that very early on Vikram’s parents had invested heavily in a fledgling technology company that was eventually bought out by Wellhouse Corporation--and at an extremely substantial price. 
His grandparents had never even checked on the investment. 
Young Vikram’s parents had immediately moved them to Midland, the major hub of commerce. They had then proceeded to invest their money in their six children and in the creation of a business, rather than in showy material possessions. They gave their children reasonable things--that were expensive but not too expensive--and they made sure that they taught their children the value of hard work and charity. They told their children that everyone was equal, and they always hired the unconnected to do what work that they could. 
The end result was that all of Vikram’s siblings had grown up spoiled, self-righteous and lazy. Vikram was the only one that had remained home to invest his time into the family business. To be honest, it wasn’t a sacrifice to him. He just happened to enjoy it. He suspected that, had he not, he would have left as well. 
When Vikram had started seeing Alice, she had initially been extremely skeptical. She still didn’t know what to think about his family: they treated her with warmth and affection, but she couldn’t bring herself to believe that it was authentic. They had offered her a uNiverse device as a gift, once the pair had become serious, and Vikram’s mother had urged her to accept it so that she could go to college and learn a trade. Alice had laughed it off at the time, but it had also given her reason to try to prove herself without it.
For his part, Vikram had never pushed the issue. Sometimes Alice had the feeling that he was conflicted about it himself. She would find him at a mirror, staring at the device in contemplation. He always smiled at her and said that it was nothing, but she had the haunting feeling that she knew exactly what he was thinking.  
“A love note?” asked Ethan, his tone shifting from irritation, to warmth. Ethan rather liked Vikram; he believed that Vikram was intimidated enough by him that he wouldn’t cause Alice any problems. Ethan could see past Vikram’s upbringing to the rather simple, if tightly wound, person that he was within, and he was certainly better than most of the men Alice had found herself enamored with. He balled up his sandwich bag and tossed it over the rails. “I got one of those too just this morning.” 
Ethan showed Alice his handheld, and her smile grew knowingly. It was from Ethan’s father, and said “You do me proud, as always!” 
Ethan’s father, Daniel, had really raised both of them, along with much of their neighborhood. The children in the unconnected areas tended to grow up wild, as their parents would work long hours in distant areas just to make enough money to scrape by. Daniel had been one of the few adults who was usually around, as he operated a small repair business from his home. Alice and Daniel had a special relationship; he was her father, friend, mentor and, in many ways, savior.
Alice fondly remembered lazy days in his shack, asking him innumerable questions about science and philosophy. Daniel would always answer the same way: “I don’t know, little girl, let’s look that up together,” and fire up an ancient, portable device that he had surreptitiously jacked into the data network. Sometimes she would ask a question just to see the screen of the device glow, and some nights Daniel would play old movies on it for the neighborhood children. Sometimes Alice wondered what her life would have been like, had she made different choices.
She got another buzz, and looked down. It was another message from Vikram: “Two more hours?” 
Alice sighed as she looked up at the building, and responded back: “More like five.”
“How much longer do you think we’ll have to be here?” Alice asked Ethan, after sending the message. She briefly reflected on the order that she had completed those two tasks.
“Three more years, if you keep moving at your pace,” said Ethan, starting to spray down the windows without her. The chemical solution immediately glossed over and sparkled in the light.
“I’m serious, Ethan.”
“Maybe about six or seven,” said Ethan, squinting upwards discriminatingly. The building disappeared into the fog above. He caught her look, and shrugged his broad shoulders. “You asked.”
“I told Vikram five,” she said, hesitantly.  
“Well, if you help me for the next five hours, I should be able to finish on my own in no time at all,” he said. “Actually, maybe faster, since you--”
“Don’t even say it,” interrupted Alice, throwing a rag at him. “You know I wouldn’t let you do that. It’s not that important. It’s just dinner. It’s just that…”
“He doesn’t understand why you’re doing this,” finished Ethan. It was an obvious enough problem, and Ethan wasn’t one to beat around the topic.  
“I have to do this,” Alice said firmly. “It’s the only job I could get in this district.”
Ethan nodded supportively, if a little apathetically, and said nothing. Secretly, he agreed with Vikram, but he knew what was going on inside of her mind. Vikram believed that it was an issue of pride, but Ethan was aware that it was more than that. 
Alice was afraid. 
Alice didn’t want to depend on Vikram because she was certain that he would leave. Maybe not quickly, but eventually. It didn’t help that he could be so distant when he worked. Ethan looked across to Alice, and saw that she was working faster. He redoubled his own efforts. On his screen, at the floor of the platform, he saw the interview with Warden Cox being replayed.

Elsewhere in the city, Vikram was feeling guilty. At first he had been pleased when he found that Alice would be late, because it meant that he wouldn’t have to disappoint her. Then reality had set in, and he had realized that it meant she would spend more time in danger. He wasn’t used to thinking about work as something that had the potential to blow a person off a building. When he worked late, his major risk was eye strain.
Vikram shook the feeling off. He knew that Alice wouldn’t take a risk that wasn’t unreasonable, and he knew that she was strong enough that a little wind wouldn’t defeat her. Instead, he focused his dark eyes at the work in front of him. He had five hours to finish this now, and he knew somewhere in the back of his mind that it would take at least six or seven. He set a timer on his uNiverse.
His project wasn’t exactly something that he was supposed to be working on. Vikram, among many others, worked for his father’s software company. Vikram sometimes used the company’s facilities for other projects of a not entirely legitimate nature. This was a device that was designed to overlay the positioning signals of the uNiverse device. 
Theoretically, if you synced it properly, it would be able to override your location signals, making it seem like you were somewhere else. Unfortunately, it could only work as a static object: if it moved, it didn’t work, and while it could be turned on remotely, it would cause a skip in the location signal. It could still give a person some freedom, though, if they had clandestine activities to do quickly. It was one of the things that had been on Ziang Jing’s wish list for some time. 
Cora, one of the many wordless assistants that seemed to inhabit the facility, swung by a corner and dropped a virtual file on his desk. They had an open office plan, and Vikram insisted on working on the floor; it was more efficient. The file glowed transparently in the corner of his vision, urging him to view it. Cora was trailed by Ogni, her virtual pet gorilla. Ogni was learning how to play a banjo, but not well. Vikram absent-mindedly glanced at Ogni and turned down the volume so he wouldn’t have to listen to the tortured refrains as he worked.
Behind him, a couple of engineers were having a conversation, but Vikram couldn’t turn the volume down on them. Their patter slowly became background music to him.
“So he said he’s doing everything at home, and that I never do anything,” said an irritated voice. “But I loaded up the system logs for our house and what do you know? It says I’m working at least 16.7 hours a week more than him in both domestic and business categories. 16.7 hours.”
“What did he say to that?” asked another voice.
“He said it must have been wrong! Can you imagine that? He said it must have been wrong, like yeah, I’m sure there’s an unprecedented glitch in the system specifically geared to making him look bad… the verse has become sentient and hates him.”
Vikram bit his bottom lip and tried to put more effort into his concentration. He narrowed his field of vision and put a white noise audio interference filter over his environment. He was just beginning to feel in control of the situation when someone said something urgently behind him. The voice was speaking in Mandarin. 
Vikram sighed and looked up questioningly at Ziang Jing. 
 “You should learn the language,” said Ziang Jing, irritated. “Or at least install your translation module.”
“I do fine with English, thanks,” said Vikram. He didn’t want to admit the fact that he had tried to learn Mandarin at one point, and had given up in about a week. He was intelligent, but it was a sort of wild, uncompromised intelligence that was almost always the hallmark of some deep-seated learning disability. The translation module was just a further kick to his ego, and it never really translated things accurately anyway. “What was that you said?”
“I said, there’s nothing,” said Ziang Jing. She ran her fingers through her light blue hair, which ended severely at her chin, revealing a small tattoo that she had had since she was a child. She was always a bizarre mix of unconventional and conventional, and Vikram suspected it was intended to confuse. She lowered her voice conspiratorially and leaned in to him. “There’s nothing at all. I’ve gone over everything. No bursts, no signals, absolutely nothing.”
“What does that mean?” asked Vikram, carefully sitting up and taking his focus off of his desk. His desk had nothing on it physically. It was simply a flat, matte white surface, over which his uNiverse device placed virtual copies of his work. As he focused on Ziang Jing, he could see that she was frustrated with more than just the fact that he hadn’t happened to learn Mandarin over his lunch break. 
Ziang Jing had a habit of throwing people into the middle of her thought process and having them work out the rest, and Vikram had learned that he could usually figure out what was going on if he let her keep talking. Either that or he could fake it sufficiently until the problem resolved itself.
“I ran everything,” said Ziang Jing, pulling up a glossy white chair and sitting beside his desk. There was a large market for glossy white plastics, because it made it feel like the future. “They shut down the Wall intentionally. It wasn’t Cipher activity.”
Vikram looked around himself automatically for anyone listening, and Ziang Jing narrowed her eyes at him in contempt. She had long ago realized that no one really became suspicious of a person unless they acted suspiciously themselves. The holographic file on his desk began flashing red: it required a read receipt and the sender was getting impatient. He reached out to mark it read and then looked back up to meet Ziang Jing’s impatient eyes.
Ziang Jing was one of the first of the unconnected that Vikram had ever met. Though his family had not started out wealthy, they had still always invested in the uNiverse for their children; even his grandparents had been connected. A few years his senior, Ziang Jing had arrived to the company as a young teenager who had been eager to learn more. As an unconnected, an apprenticeship with Vikram’s father was one of the few ways she could increase her chances of being awarded a scholarship to continue her studies.
Eventually, Vikram’s father had offered her much more than that. Ziang Jing had now given over a decade of her work to the company, and spearheaded some incredible projects despite her inability to use the verse. She had been promised her own division of the company, eventually; as long as she worked hard and remained diligent. At least a few of Vikram’s absentee siblings would eventually be in for a surprise. 
When Ziang Jing had eventually been offered her scholarship for a uNiverse device, she had declined. Vikram wasn’t surprised. Her trust in the verse had slowly waned over the years. Vikram and she had both celebrated her decision to remain unconnected, and later that night Ziang Jing had finally trusted Vikram enough to introduce him to the sector of the Ciphers that she had been involved with since she entered into adulthood.
“Why?” asked Vikram. Ziang Jing gave him a dark look that conveyed her message without words. The reasons for anything that was done were unfathomable. It could be profit margins, it could be politics; there were a thousand reasons that a person could do evil and almost no way to account for it.
“We should get in there,” said Ziang Jing. Her hand touched Vikram’s arm urgently. “I believe I can do it, with your help.”
“What can you do?” asked Vikram, skeptically. “I mean, it would take me hours to write a program that could potentially override their code, and I would also have to create some way to reroute the power grid so that we could reboot the system. I’d have to be on site for most of it, because there’s no way of actually knowing the encryption protocols from here; it’s off the grid.”
 “I was operating under the assumption that we could just open the doors,” Ziang Jing said, tilting her head. “With hands.”
“…Oh. Right.” 
“We simply need to override the security system and we should be fine. We would need a large amount of unlicensed tech, however. And you know…”
“No,” said Vikram, firmly. “I know what you’re going to say already, but I’m not doing it.”
“It would be a great help. Otherwise we run a significant risk,” said Ziang Jing. 
Unlicensed technology was illegal. Every piece of technology was tracked; down to base components. The device Vikram had been working on had taken the better part of a year to scavenge the materials for; he had to wait for glitches and processing errors. That was for a very low capacity device that was the size of his thumb.  Neither Ziang Jing nor Vikram involved themselves in larger volumes of unlicensed technology because it simply wasn’t worth the risk to the company.
At the same time, practically all of the unconnected used unlicensed tech in some capacity. It was traded by gangs and on the black market and it was the only way most of them could enjoy even basic luxuries. The unconnected had much less to lose if they were caught, and they were under less scrutiny in general.
 “No, I’m not going to,” Vikram said, firmly. “If get Ethan hurt at all Alice will never speak to me again. I swear to God I think she loves him more than--”
“They’re unconnected. They will want to fight for their own fate,” reasoned Ziang Jing. “I only have maybe eight people to help me with this, and I’m not sure how many of them will come. 8,000 cells… even if we can open one a minute… We can’t get them all. We can only rescue as many as we can. Each body will help. This is a chance to connect to people who are on our side. We can release an army, Vikram. An army that will be obligated to us.”
“Can’t you like, rally the people or something? I heard that’s something Ciphers do, rally,” said Vikram, only half sarcastically. “You know, before the tear gas and flash bombs…”
Ziang Jing gave him a dangerous look, and he tried to think of a way out. She had been trying to get Vikram to bring Ethan into the group for a long time, knowing how Ethan felt about his station in life and knowing what an asset he would be. His father had huge volumes of unlicensed tech, and Ziang Jing had always suspected that it went deeper than that. 
If Vikram had been a romantic, or if he hadn’t known Ziang Jing at all, he would imagine that she reciprocated Ethan’s feelings for her. Unfortunately, Vikram knew better than that. He knew, without a doubt, that anything that happened to Ethan would irreparably damage his relationship with Alice.
“No,” Vikram said finally. “I think I can come up with something better.”
“I want to discuss this tonight,” said Ziang Jing, standing up and pushing her chair against his desk. It made an almost ominous sounding thud. “If you have a better idea by then, bring it to me. If not, I can move forward on this without you.”
Vikram sighed. He loved Ziang Jing like an older sister, but inside he knew she was only taking advantage of his own sentimentality. The people in the cells were nothing but pawns in a game that she was playing, and so was he. Still, she wasn’t necessarily wrong in her convictions.
In the window ahead of Vikram, a giant 3-dimensional eye appeared and blinked twice. It then began bleeding. It was a recurring window advertisement for a new horror movie, and he never seemed to get used to it.

Mira didn’t know why the Wall had shut down, or whether it would ever come back up again; all she knew was that the world was growing darker around her with every passing minute. She felt, in the distance, tiny sparks of light. Mira had no way of knowing this, but she was sensing the uNiverse devices of those at the edge of the city. They were too far to reach, but she could still sense them. She perceived them as distant stars, flickering from afar. 
Mira knew that her death was coming, but she didn’t know what to feel about it. All she really wanted to know was what it meant in the grand pattern that she had written across her mind. She wanted to know which algorithm she was, which calculations made up her soul and body. 
She wanted to understand what it had meant.
As she was about to fade away, Mira sensed something in the darkness. She sensed a glowing, brighter than anything she had felt before. It was a consciousness, a mind glowing behind a verse uplink. It was closer now, but not physically. She felt it in the electricity around her, within the interconnected and impossibly vast network of the uNiverse system.
The mind has ways to advance itself, to evolve and to adapt. When linked to the verse, the mind expanded to utilize its extra processing ability. That was the reason why it was installed when young. For most people, this was just a subtle increase in memory, and an ability to think a little faster on their feet. 
For those that had naturally gifted intellects, however, it could be extraordinarily expansive. The uNiverse device augmented and extended everything that they were. This wasn’t purely logical, but also emotional. uNiverse devices could extend everything that a person was, including their feelings and creativity. It couldn’t make someone into something they were not, but it could make people far more themselves.
Mira didn’t have a uNiverse device, and none of this mattered to her. Mira sang a song, and in this song was the code of a thousand memories and hundreds of years gone by.

When Ziang Jing told Vikram that she was intending to break into the Wall, he assumed that she meant somewhere in the general future; like tomorrow. This implied that Vikram had not learned much about Ziang Jing in all the years he had known her. He’d had to hastily cancel his plans with Alice, who had seemed upset but accommodating. From the gusts of wind that he could hear in the background, she had still been at work, but he pushed the worry from his mind and replaced it with an entirely different concern.
Vikram had decided to think about the problem from scratch. His plan was to create a system that would override the security at the Wall, including the systems in the control room. Manual entry, while possible, just didn’t seem probable to him. He hadn’t physically opened a door since his childhood, and he wasn’t certain how heavy doors were or how the lock system would work. Afterwards, the people within that were healthy enough to escape would, and they could go through searching for heat signatures to find anyone left behind. 
Ziang Jing didn’t like this plan.
“It sounds straightforward to me,” said July, twirling her long, auburn hair. Ziang Jing had only been able to pull four members of her loosely organized group into the mission. Ziang Jing had always been regarded as a wild card in the group, which wasn’t necessarily surprising, and most people were waiting for her eventual grab for power. 
They were meeting away from Vikram’s building, in an alley between Midland and the unconnected district of Greenville. Vikram knew that going into an unconnected area might raise red flags, and Ziang Jing did not want to meet at the company and potentially risk Vikram’s family. 
“It’s the only way, really,” continued July, supportively.
“It’s too electronic,” said Ziang Jing. “They have the best electronics in the world. They can trace us if we do something like that. There will be something that we leave behind. We should just override the security system remotely and then go in manually.”
‘The security system is just as wired as the control panel, if not more,” said Davan. Davan had the well-kept demeanor of someone who believed that the world would end soon, and was likely going to be the one who ended it. Once the epitome of the teenaged rebel, he had put on both weight and age while waiting for the revolution to come, “We will need to burn the electronics.”
“If we’re trying to be truly discrete, we’re already screwed up because of that guy,” said Pace, jerking his head towards Vikram. Pace was a gangly young man that was a coffee creamer short of being albino. “For all we know, they’re watching us right now.”
“They can’t watch everyone all the time,” Davan rolled his eyes. “We’re doing everything right.”
“Something we do around this guy is going to flag us, I know it,” said Pace, firmly. “If we’re really doing this, Vikram has to be out. Either that or he has to strap a faraday cage onto his head and go completely dark.”
“I have a way around that,” said Vikram, thinking back to his device. “And I’m already dark.”
“If you think they’re not scanning audio and visual with extra flags right now you’re crazy,” said Pace. “They have the most advanced software in the world. They probably listen to things like, I don’t know, ‘cipher’ and ‘plot’ and ‘death to the government.’”
“Well great, thanks for that,” said Davan, scratching his thick beard. “If they weren’t watching us, they sure as hell are now.”
“If they were watching, I would know,” reminded Ziang Jing, gently. She monitored the official Guard stations constantly using tech she had cobbled together from the company. Vikram had his uNiverse in passive mode, but it could be turned on at any time should the Guard become interested. Without monitoring systems, it was impossible to tell if the Guard was truly watching.
“I can’t do it remotely,” said Vikram. “And neither could you, which is why you came to me. The security protocols are off the grid, programming something that could open the Wall remotely would require weeks of brute force attempts that we don’t have time for.”
Ziang Jing shrugged to herself, and then nodded, reluctantly. Vikram had been working on cracking the government encryptions for some time, and she had hoped that he was closer to his goals than he actually was.
“So we go in with tech and then we burn the tech,” said July, simply. To her side, June nodded wordlessly. They were sisters that had grown up with Ziang Jing, but while they supported her they tended towards non-confrontational solutions. “Vikram will need to come with us, though.”
“Just so you know, we’re getting close,” interrupted Davan. Davan was the time keeper. In order to avoid Guard attention, they never met with Vikram for longer than an hour. The algorithms the Guard used to look for suspicious activity scanned for locations in two hour intervals; meetings under sixty minutes of time were less likely to trigger a flag.
“Vikram and I can do most of this,” said Ziang Jing, nodding to herself. She was nothing if not decisive. “I will be in contact when we are ready to drop. There’s nothing more we need to discuss with the rest of you.”
 “I have to go anyway,” Vikram said to Ziang Jing. “I will do my best for you, but this is incredibly beyond anything we’ve done before.”
“And that is why it’s so important,” said Ziang Jing, as the others dispersed.
Working with Vikram was a considerable risk, but there was a reason why the group had welcomed him, if grudglingly. While not all the members liked him, Vikram had access to things that the unconnected simply did not. Without Vikram, Ziang Jing would have had to steal supplies or otherwise smuggle them. It would only be a matter of time before she was caught. 
Vikram allowed them access to everything he had access to, but at considerable cost. They continuously ran the risk of being caught whenever he was around, and whenever he discussed plans with them. All it took was the mild interest of the Guard and everything they had worked on could be lost.
Ziang Jing believed that the risks were negligible. There simply wasn’t the volume to monitor those who weren’t obvious threats, and Vikram was an upstanding member of the society that simply didn’t merit the attention. However, Ziang Jing had other reasons for bringing Vikram in as well. 
After being welcomed into Vikram’s family, Ziang Jing had quickly fallen in love. Not with Vikram, of course, but with science. Vikram had one of the strongest scientific minds Ziang Jing had ever encountered, but it was entirely undisciplined. He could help her solve problems that she could not, simply because he approached them in an entirely different manner. She was extremely disciplined, and this meant that they worked as an excellent pair: two parts to a whole brain. Together, they could resolve almost any issue. Somewhere, deep inside, she legitimately believed that they could make a difference. 
Ziang Jing thought that their research at the lab would eventually provide a way to override the uNiverse technology without harm to the user. They had been working on it for years, in small parts that she knew no one would understand if they looked at it. By trading off between each other on the project they each complemented each other’s shortcomings. Vikram figured out a way to do something, and Ziang Jing made it work in the best and most elegant way. Ziang Jing felt she was very close to creating the first compromised uNiverse device.
If it had been possible, Ziang Jing would have preferred not to involve Vikram in this particular mission. Not because she wanted to protect him, but because she was skeptical in his ability to keep calm. Most of what she and Vikram had done together were very simple tasks: providing useful knowledge and tech to the Ciphers that needed it. Small things that amounted to a difference, however slight. However, Ziang Jing simply did not have the capacity to break encryption signals. The calculations and technology involved were so complex that it required both a brilliant mind and the verse, only one of which Ziang Jing had. 
She just had to hope that Vikram would rise to the occasion.

Alice and Ethan finished the job after eight more hours, far overshooting her initial predictions. When finally getting to the ground again, she noticed that Vikram had attempted to call her three times. She bit her lip, and felt nervous. However, she also knew that if she didn’t respond quickly, he would worry. She wondered how long she could delay the inevitable.
“It’ll get faster,” said Ethan, sensing her mood. “You’re still new to this.”
“I know, I know,” said Alice, looking at her handheld.  She looked up and forced a smile. “Do you want to get dinner with us?”
It was late, and she knew Ethan wouldn’t want to wake his father by cooking something. All of the stores that the unconnected could purchase food at would already be closed. They tended to close when it got dark; not to avoid the threat of burglary, but because the store owners were subjected to the curfew as well.
Two children were playing a game on the streets, singing an old nursery rhyme. Alice was taken back to her childhood for a moment. She remembered that song.
“Seven little soldiers in the deep, deep blue, one is a hunter that’s coming for you,” sung one child, as he played with a light that was invisible to Alice and Ethan. 
“Shark in the water and blood on the mend, only one soldier stands in the end,” completed the other child, a little girl in a pink thermal sweater. Alice stared at them, losing herself in the moment before Ethan responded.
“And intrude on your love fest? No thanks,” said Ethan, with a deep laugh. He threw his coat on over his work jacket and finished picking up his things. “I don’t need your charity, you gold digger.”
“Ethan,” Alice teased, pulling on his arm. “I’m serious, come with us. I think Vikram was working with Ziang Jing tonight…”
It wasn’t a secret that Ethan had feelings for Ziang Jing. They had met around the same time Alice and Vikram had begun dating, and Ethan had instantly been taken. The two were complete opposites on every conceivable level, which was perhaps what interested Ethan in the first place. Or perhaps it was that her complete apathy to him intensified rather than diminished her haunting beauty.
For her part, Ziang Jing seemed to be focused on technology to the extent that she didn’t seem to even notice his attention. Many men would have found this even more alluring, and Ethan seemed to treat it with the same amiable disregard that he treated most things.
“Uh, hey,” said an uncomfortable voice, behind them. Ethan’s response was cut short, and they turned to see Vikram coming up behind them. Ethan spent a moment attempting to determine whether Vikram was upset, before remembering that he had never seen Vikram upset. He did, however, seem at least preoccupied.
“Vikram!” said Alice, running up and hugging him. He hugged her back, but Ethan noticed that there was something awkward about the affection. Alice seemed to notice it too, and she pulled away. 
“I’m sorry it got so late,” she said, pushing the words out nervously. Her breath frosted in the air. She nervously fumbled with her handheld. “I was just about to call you, but…”
“I’m sorry too… Listen, I have to ask a favor,” said Vikram. The words dragged themselves out of his throat and fell uncomfortably in front of him. He then hesitated, and then shook his head and began to ramble, “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have opened that way. I mean, you two have been working all day. I wouldn’t if it wasn’t important… I should start over. Could you wait a second while I try to be human again?”
“What’s wrong?” asked Alice, concerned. She was completely unfazed by the barrage. If anything, she was relieved by it, somehow.
“It’s actually a favor from Ethan,” said Vikram, his entire body dripping with hesitance. Each word was pulled out of him as though from some external force. He wasn’t usually nervous about anything, but something about the entire situation felt wrong. “I need unregistered tech. Something that has not a lot of memory but considerable processing speed. Well, actually a lot of memory too. I can’t have any serial numbers or code embedded.”
“Well… I’m sure Ethan can do something,” said Alice, looking towards Ethan pleadingly. To Ethan, absolutely none of that had sounded like something that he felt like involving him, his father or Alice in. 
“Only you won’t get them back, I have to destroy them,” said Vikram, because he wasn’t necessarily good with people. “And I can pay you. Um, I’m not sure how to get credits you can use, but I can find it…”
Vikram trailed off. Ethan stared at him until he looked away. Most people found Ethan intimidating, primarily because he was so large. However, Vikram was too disassociated from the ordinary world to really think about things like size, or muscle mass. Vikram was intimidated by Ethan because he knew that his opinion mattered. Ethan was the only person that could come between him and Alice, and both of them were painfully aware of it.
 “My father’s probably sleeping,” said Ethan, with a shrug. An uncomfortably long moment had already passed. “We can look through his stuff and see if there’s something you need. He won’t mind, so long as none of it comes back to us.”
“Thank you,” said Vikram, gratefully. Alice beamed at Ethan, but it did nothing to dissuade the uncomfortable feeling that was slowly rising within him. Over the years, Ethan had learned to follow his gut more than anything else, and both his gut and his mind were seeing red, blaring alarms.

Matthew stepped onto the marble pathway to Hoken, one of the most exclusive clubs in the district. He jerked suddenly as the pathway glowed with a brilliant blue light; a circle surrounding his feet. His uNiverse flashed in the corner of his eye and he selected the right seat. The blue glow of the auto transfer intensified, and gently drifted him towards the direction. 
The auto transfer system was only implemented throughout some buildings in the sector, being both incredibly expensive and intensely impractical. However, in a place that served alcohol it also served as a very useful mechanism for deciding who had had too much. It was the most recent trending renovation in several upscale design magazines, and there were some millionaires that now had it within their homes.
He was gently guided to a dark booth. The circle slowly drifted to a halt, and he stepped upwards into the booth as the blue glow was dissipating. The figure that was waiting for him nervously tapped their fingers.
“Where is it?” Matthew asked. He felt a warm prickling sensation on his neck; anxiety, and excitement.
The figure shrugged, tapped his feet and cricked his neck. If there was ever anyone that was not meant for smuggling contraband, it was Lou. His attempt at a smile turned into a nervous grimace as he passed over a large marble jewelry box.
“Fantastic Lou, could you not find something a little more conspicuous?” Matthew asked, wondering if he could muster it in himself to feel disbelief. He had worked with Lou for a long time, and he still wasn’t entirely sure why. He sighed internally and shifted his attention to the verse, transferring his credits. 
“The credits will be with you at the bar,” Matthew said, with a nod. Hoken was used, almost blatantly, for smuggling. The incredible prices throughout the club were the perfect cover for some more nefarious trading. After Matthew left, Lou would get paid out as a consultant for the bar. Less a fee, of course. 
Two drinks emerged from the center of the table. A gift from the establishment. Matthew felt a momentary pang of annoyance, as this undoubtedly meant that Lou would stick around for at least a drink.
What Matthew was holding wasn’t a bomb or a poison. He opened the ridiculously conspicuous box and began leafing through its contents. Paper documents and other forms of physical media were no longer legal. They were considered unsecured and dangerous. But paper documents were the only remnants of a time long past, before everything had been converted into the digital archives of the verse.
“God, don’t open that here,” said Lou, almost spilling his drink. Matthew noted that there were a few old cards in the box too; he didn’t have the tech to read them, but he could find it with enough digging.
Matthew knew what many others did not. That when they had gained technology, they had lost history. It happened subtly at first. Electronic documents can be manipulated, can be rewritten. Entire people can be deleted from history with the tap of a button and, as always, history was written by the victors. 
Matthew had been working to try to recreate history. He had been able to recover most of the ancient centuries, but there were gaps that he was still unable to fill. There were troubling holes of knowledge, something else amiss that he just couldn’t put his finger on it. The old maps, the poetry and the songs all seemed somehow lacking. He suspected that the answers were somewhere within this last batch of information: data that was being sent to him from one of his most trusted, if eccentric, sources. 
It was something about the verse.

The trio needed to take the subway to Greenville, where both Alice and Ethan lived. To the south of Midland, Greenville was at the very edge of the network and surrounded by dense woods. There were no vehicles allowed within the area, which meant that the unconnected needed to travel on foot or by public transportation. User-driven vehicles had been banned decades ago due to their capacity for human error. Only driverless vehicles were legally allowed; these vehicles needed a verse device to operate, and they were expensive in their own right. Still, people adjusted, as they always did.
Greenville was in a constant state of repair. There was no government funding in the area, which were privately owned by investors who had no interest in the upkeep of the properties as long as they continued to make them money. The government also had little interest in policing these areas, as long as the criminal element stayed within its boundaries. It was too difficult to police the unconnected; they weren’t linked into the network, and they had to be subdued by force. Instead, there were full patrols three times a week and a nightly curfew was enforced.
Alice and Vikram walked arm-in-arm, with Ethan hanging towards the back. Vikram couldn’t believe that Alice hadn’t asked him anything yet; she just walked beside him, holding his arm and leaning her head against his shoulder. Every once in a while he could feel her lift her head to glance up at him, and he wondered what she had thinking. The subway entrance lit up; Ethan and Alice passed their credit cards through the payment slots.
An End User Agreement appeared on Vikram’s uNiverse device, displaying the risks engaged with entering Greenville, as well as statistics regarding crime levels and median household incomes. Vikram was forced to read through it before his device would allow him to proceed. He was then presented with a modification to his personal health insurance. He was forced to read this as well. Finally, he was faced with about a dozen varying alerts from applications, which all noted either decreased functionality or a complete lack of functionality in the area that he was about to enter.
Ethan and Alice waited patiently as Vikram seemingly stared into space for about ten minutes.
“Sorry,” he said finally, with an apologetic shrug that verged on embarrassment. He could have turned off his device, but there was no reason to call attention to himself now. Most people did not know what Vikram knew: the Guard monitored those that turned off their device often and sent them to a manual audit. Most people never turned off their device; it was like willingly becoming blind. 
The subway was lit with rows of LED lights, which seemed to cast an ominous glow upon the area. Vikram attempted not to look directly at the beggars that dotted the sides of the subway, wrapped in old clothes and sheets. Alice and Ethan didn’t even seem to see them.
Despite being close with both Ziang Jing and Alice, Vikram actually hadn’t spent much time in the unconnected districts. Ziang Jing didn’t like the idea of him getting raising any flags, and Alice always seemed to prefer that he stay distant. He had only actually been to Alice’s apartment twice in all the time they had been together. 
The functionality that Vikram was accustomed to disappeared as he entered unconnected territory, and it made him uncomfortable. While his uNiverse device worked globally, there were no feeds in this area to send data to him. 
The train that came to transport them didn’t display its itinerary or speed, and the people aboard the subway did not have profiles or personal quotes displayed above their heads. Vikram couldn’t even tell if they were currently happy, sad or apathetic. 
The car was packed, and Vikram and Ethan stood closely together.
“It’s almost curfew,” said Alice, with an apologetic smile. “Everyone’s trying to get home.”
For as long as Vikram had known Alice, she had always had a smile on her face. Yet he knew that there was also sadness hiding behind her eyes. Alice had told Vikram that she grew up in a group home; a foster care facility in the heart of the unconnected territory, where parents could leave unwanted children with immunity. This was not uncommon, and Vikram had no reason to disbelieve her. But it wasn’t the truth. Alice just wished it had been.
Ethan’s father did not live far from the subway system. Most people did not. The majority of Greenville was built upwards in a haphazard manner; a net of ladders, crawlspaces and stairways. It was simply easier for residents to keep everything within a smaller geographical location.
Daniel had managed to make a living repairing physical computer interfaces within the slums, and his side business was in creating forms of technology that either used the verse or went beyond the verse. The unconnected were the only ones who still used such devices, but connecting them to the actual network was difficult in itself. Emulator programs needed to be used to display verse information in two dimensions rather than three, and these programs themselves were illegal because the verse system was proprietary.
The ground was wet, and there was a persistent smell of rust and mildew in the air. Vikram found himself closing his jacket more tightly, and then became self-conscious about it. He turned to Alice to see if she had noticed, but she only smiled at him in return. A few children ran through the street next to them laughing, pattering heavily through the rainwater. 
When they got to Daniel’s neighborhood, they began moving upward. Rust bled onto Vikram’s pressed white shirt sleeves, and he made a conscious effort to ignore it. Vikram was self-aware enough to know that he had some issues, but he was also socially conscious enough not to blame himself for it. His greatest fear was the day that he would forget to notice.
Ziang Jing was already waiting at Ethan’s door when they arrived, which was astonishing to Vikram. Daniel’s house was extremely well hidden, to the extent that you truly could not find it unless you knew what you were looking for. Ethan approached her with a cautious optimism, like a piñata that was gently ticking.  She smiled a taut smile at him, and nodded. This was the entirety of Ziang Jing’s idea of flirting. 
“I thought I was going to meet you later,” said Vikram, with a tone that almost, but not quite, betrayed anger.
“I wasn’t sure,” said Ziang Jing, with a shrug that would be playful on a woman but was dangerous on an automaton of ambition. Vikram sighed and looked away. He was aware that Ziang Jing had come here to make sure that he had done his job, and it grated on him. It was as though she didn’t trust him to perform the most basic of tasks, but somewhere in the back of his head he wondered if it wasn’t because he disliked having an unconnected demand things of him. Dark parts of his mind even wondered if perhaps he didn’t like a woman commanding him. 
If most people carried emotional baggage, Vikram carried with him an entire delivery fleet. Personally, he blamed a culture that was heavily weighted on individual responsibility and crushing guilt.
Ethan unlocked his door with his keycard and waved Ziang Jing in first. It was for show only: the keycard wasn’t what unlocked the door. The door had a sensor in it that detected a small coin that Ethan and Daniel both kept on them. They used the keycard in the event that they were being watched.
Ethan’s family home was extremely modest. Others may have been ashamed of this, but Ethan was not. He had no reason to be. It was simple, but it was clean. The work his father did was meager, but it was honest… at least, morally honest. This was all that Ethan believed you could aspire to in this world. As Ziang Jing passed him, he noticed her conscientiously raise her hand to the left side of her neck and look down. 
Ziang Jing had the tattoo of the silver guild on her neck, and Ethan had noticed that that she touched it whenever she felt nervous or vulnerable. Ethan also knew exactly what the tattoo meant, and he was almost positive that no one else did, especially not Vikram. He also knew that Ziang Jing wouldn’t appreciate him knowing, yet he noted that she always kept her hair cut just above the tattoo, almost intentionally.
Daniel was already asleep in his bedroom. His father did not have an office, but instead electronics and components were neatly organized throughout the entire apartment. It was not strewn about like a scientist’s lab, or in a state of organized chaos such as an inventor might have. Ethan’s father had always been extremely consistent and precise. The great majority of the tech they did have was legal, and by putting the illegal tech in neat piles with the legal tech he hid them in plain sight. At least, that was the theory.
It wasn’t unusual for most people in the territory to live in family groups in Greenville. It was unusual that Ethan and his father lived alone, but his mother had passed away early on and he had never had siblings. Most houses in the unconnected districts were stacked at least eight to ten people to a dwelling. Alice had her own apartment, and in the back of his mind Ethan always wondered how it was subsidized. She’d had it long before she met Vikram.
“You can take a look at the tech we have,” Ethan said, throwing off his coat. “Everything with a red label is going back to someone, but everything else should be up for grabs. I assume that you can distinguish the marked tech from the unmarked, because hell if I can.”
“Do you know what you need, Vikram?” asked Ziang Jing, putting a hand on his shoulder and standing uncomfortably close.
“Oh, no, I thought I’d just wing it…” said Vikram, already searching through the items for the components that he needed. He was only half being facetious. He knew approximately what he needed, but he’d also been aware that all of the components that he was likely to find wouldn’t be completely in line with his desires.
“Did Vikram tell you what we are doing?” asked Ziang Jing, of Ethan, with a dangerous smile. Ethan saw Vikram immediately tense up. 
“Oh, I don’t need to know,” said Ethan, holding up his hand. His tone was one that implied that he truly did not want to know. He smiled back at Ziang Jing, but Ziang Jing knew enough to recognize that it wasn’t just a friendly gesture. He may have been taken with her, but he wasn’t an idiot.
“Can we talk outside?” asked Vikram, after completing a scan of the equipment. Since everyone else was smiling, he decided to smile too. However, it was more or less a bearing of teeth. Ziang Jing nodded. Vikram stepped past Alice apologetically, and smiled a genuine and apologetic smile at her as they exited. 
“I have everything here except a stage four connector,” Vikram said quietly, once they were outside. The night air had grown even colder. “I could pull it from a display circuit, but it would be marked. We don’t have the time to jailbreak one.”
“What are the risks if we use one that’s still licensed?” asked Ziang Jing. Her breath fogged and hung in the air, expectantly. “We don’t know where Daniel gets his materials from. It could be anywhere.”
 “Well, it’s not a non-zero number, so too much?” chanced Vikram. “Ziang Jing… we’re already taking a large risk.”
“We move tonight,” said Ziang Jing, moving closer in emphasis.
“Tomorrow will be no different,” said Vikram, firmly. In all honesty, he hadn’t really intended on starting tonight, “We will move tomorrow night. I can get the last part I need from my father’s lab on the way and jailbreak it; it won’t be completely safe, but it will be safer. I have all the other components. We can move tomorrow, and it won’t be significantly different.”
Ziang Jing ran a hand through her aquamarine hair, and turned away from Vikram. She looked down towards the wet ground, and then turned back to him, avoiding his gaze. There was something she did and did not want to say.
“The others are thinking of pulling out,” she said, looking at the ground. “Tonight may be the only time that I have enough force left to get them to participate.”
“What?” Vikram asked. “We just met with them, they were on board. What happened?”
Ziang Jing looked down and sighed. He could tell she didn’t want to say anything.
“You have to tell me,” stated Vikram, plainly. “I’m already only half way on board with this crazy project.”
“A couple of hours ago they started releasing biographies of the people on the wall,” said Ziang Jing. She turned to the railing and pounded it once with the palm of her hand. “It’s clearly propaganda intended to… it’s a manipulation, Vikram, nothing more.”
“Yeah… and?” prompted Vikram.
“They’re saying most of the people on the wall are child killers, torturers, rapists,” said Ziang Jing. “They put up a dozen of the worst criminals in the wall on the net and suddenly everyone thinks that everyone on the wall should die.”
“And the rest of the group believe this?” asked Vikram, taken aback. 
“No, they don’t. We’ve all had a family member or friend that disappeared onto the wall, however many years ago. The media is using the fact that we don’t have access to the actual records to their advantage; banking on the fact that they can trick everyone into believing that their case of losing a family member was the only case.”
“Then what’s the problem?” 
“They don’t want us to be associated with it. They think if the population sees a Cipher group releasing violent criminals, the public sentiment will turn even more against us and we’ll get hunted down.”
Vikram considered this.
“Ziang Jing, that is not entirely--”
“Don’t. Don’t say it,” she warned. “I know it is true, but that is not the point.”
“It’s a reasonable concern,” Vikram said. Ziang Jing turned from him and swore in Mandarin. He grabbed her shoulder, and pulled her to face him. “I’m not saying I won’t help you, but how can you say they’re not right.”
Ziang Jing looked away. 
“It’s not right to leave them there,” said Ziang Jing.
“No, it isn’t. But the others have valid complaints,” Vikram said, looking down and thinking things through. “Maybe we should have another meeting.”
“No,” said Ziang Jing, firmly. She pushed Vikram away, hard. “Vikram, this is what we need to do. I am a leader, and I cannot be weak in this. We move, and we move tonight.”
“No, tomorrow,” said Vikram. He saw Ziang Jing’s look, but he was prepared to stand firm and now he was bolstered with the knowledge that the rest of the group stood with him. “We can’t do it tonight. It’s too late, we don’t have the plan.  Remember, we need to travel there as well; if we do it now, we will still be there until day break. We’ll do it tomorrow. Give the group some time to think things over, and trust in the fact that they’ll follow you.”
Vikram noticed that she still looked doubtful. It wasn’t often that she seemed vulnerable.
“They’re just reacting right now. They’ll be fine later. You have to trust them,” said Vikram. “But you have to trust me too. This has to be unlicensed tech, and we need to be careful. I have too much in my life right now to risk it all, no matter the cost. So do you.”
Ziang Jing thought it through, and then finally nodded. 
“Okay, tomorrow,” she said. “I will contact everyone, and I will let them know.”
“Okay, great,” said Vikram, relief flooding through him. He knew it would still have to be done, but the idea that it could be done the next day was absolutely wonderful. Perhaps something amazing would happen and he wouldn’t have to do it at all.
 “An extra 24 hours without water means that most of them will be dead, but the ones that we do recover will likely be desperate enough to join us,” Ziang Jing reasoned, offhandedly. “And they will be the strongest ones, too, which means we won’t waste time on weak people.”
Vikram immediately felt guilty, which was essentially is go to emotion.
“I didn’t think of it that way. Maybe we—“
“It is acceptable,” Ziang Jing said, her eyes piercing into his, almost as though it was a punishment. “Make it happen. We have less of a margin for error now, if we are to salvage anything of this.”
She turned around and disappeared down the stairs without a moment’s pause or a second glance back. A little disoriented, Vikram peered down the railing to see if he could see Ziang Jing retreating. He saw nothing in the dark. 
“Well, that was weird and anticlimactic,” he said to himself. He shook his head and headed inside to finish selecting his equipment. It was more difficult than he had expected: Daniel was clever about the way he positioned his items. There were false starts: some items that seemed illegal but were not. Vikram couldn’t convince himself entirely that the devices that he thought were unmarked really weren’t, either, and there was no one in the room he could ask for a second opinion.
Vikram felt like a child playing with holographic toy soldiers. This was so far out of his realm that it was bizarre to believe that it was even happening. Alice fluttered nearby, nervous and accommodating, which made him feel all the more guilty.  There was a lot of equipment that he needed, and he still wasn’t certain how he was going to pay Ethan for the parts.
“We can’t help you with it back,” said Ethan, coming up beside him as he sorted through the scrap parts. “It’s heavy and I’d like to, but it’s after curfew and if we get caught…”
“I have elevated clearance, due to my father’s work,” said Vikram, unthinkingly. “I’m allowed to have up to five people with me at any given time. My father employs so many… so many…“
Vikram hesitated, both because he didn’t know exactly how to finish the sentence and because he also realized that he was now truly asking for too much. However, Ethan put a strong hand on his shoulder and said, “Good, just let us know when you want to go.”
Vikram went back to guilt. It was his safe place.

Once, when Vikram was a child, he gotten lost in the middle of a market. Though he had his uNiverse device already, he was too young and too scared to properly send a distress signal. They had just moved to Midland at the time, and the city was larger and stranger than anything he had experienced in his short life. Everyone around him had avoided him, assuming he was on a virtual tether. The people passing him had seemed towering, unfamiliar and threatening.
Finally, an elderly man dressed in what was little more than rags took him by his hand and walked from store to store asking if someone had lost a child. Vikram’s mother had embraced the man and paid him for his kindness.
Afterwards, Vikram’s mother had taught him how to use the verse to call for help. She had then knelt in front of him and spoke to him with her dark and serious eyes.
“Vikram,” she said. “Do you remember the story I told you, about the old lady and the goat?”
Vikram’s attention was drifting, as there was a stream he wanted to watch. He shifted back and forth a little to show his impatience, but his mother squeezed his arm gently to bring him back to attention.
“I remember,” he said, grudgingly. 
“Tell me the story of the old lady and the goat,” Vikram’s mother insisted.
“Two travelers were wandering around in dirt,” said Vikram, impatiently. “Because everyone walked on dirt then. And so they were getting dirty and cold, because it was raining and they were too stupid to bring an umbrella—“
“Vikram, this was old days. They had no umbrellas. Go on.”
“They were getting dirty and cold because they were too stupid to invent stuff that covers their head,” corrected Vikram. His mom sighed. 
“Continue,” she said, patiently.
“They went to a big house at the edge of a town where a rich man stayed. The rich man was a nice person and they asked if they could stay the night. But he didn’t like them so they had to go,” said Vikram.
“That’s not it. Remember the story as it was told.”
Vikram stopped shifting, and then his eyes dropped down. He remembered his mother telling him the story, as long as he could remember. He started hearing her words, in the back of his mind.
“The rich old man… wanted to help them. But as they were about to enter his house, he thought of all the animals he had in the back. He thought of his copper plates, bowls and cups. He thought of all the things he could lose. So he told them they had to go. And he cried after they left, but he did not call them back,” said Vikram, his voice carrying more confidence now as he remembered.
“And the rest of the story?” asked his mother.
“The travelers walked on to an empty hut that was nothing more than a shack, and an old woman that was feeding her goat. They asked if they could stay and she welcomed them into her home. She gave them fresh cheese and milk from her goat. When they asked her why she was so kind, she told them… she told them she had no reason not to be, because all she had was a goat. And she could find another goat.”
“Do you know what the story means, Vikram?” asked his mother.
“Only kind of,” he admitted. 
“Vikram, all people are intrinsically good,” said his mother. “No one wants to be a bad person. But people who have more than others have more to protect. They become burdened with their things. It is like… gravity. The more they have, the more fiercely they cling to it. The old man in the story was not an evil man, but he was blinded by his possessions. He cared more for his things than he did for other people. The old woman was willing to help others because she had very little to lose.”
Vikram had looked down and thought about it, then he shook his head in frustration. The show he wanted to watch was dancing in the corner of his vision.
“It’s okay if you don’t understand what it means now,” said his mother. She saw his attention wavering and gently tapped his cheek. “Your father tries to get more things. But as he gets more things, he struggles inside between protecting us and protecting others. When you are in trouble… sometimes the best people to help you are those that have nothing. They have nothing to lose. It is easier to be kind when you have little.”
“If they had taken that woman’s goat, she wouldn’t have any cheese or milk,” argued Vikram. “But if they took the rich man’s plates, he could get more plates.”
“That’s how it seems,” said his mother. “When I was a little girl in a poor village, we had very little but we shared everything. No one was without and no one thought anything of it. Now I am older and I am in this city your father brought us to and people hold things to themselves like… I’m sorry, you’re too young to understand this Vikram. All you need to know is that… if you’re ever in trouble, you need to think about what people have to lose rather than what they stand to gain.”
“Can I watch my stream now?” asked Vikram, cautiously.
Vikram’s mother smiled a tired smile that only mothers could know. 
“Yes, Vikram, you can watch your stream now.”
He smiled at her, and then hugged her.
“Don’t worry, I won’t get lost again,” he had said.
“There are many ways to lose yourself, Vikram,” his mother had responded.

Vikram awoke early in the morning, caught in a fog of dreams. Outside he could hear school children playing. It wasn’t uncommon to see children around unattended. Children could be connected with no matter where they were, and their vital signs were always being monitored. Of course, there were always times when a hysterical parent would have emergency services converge on a child that got a little too excited playing ball.
Alice was still sleeping. As he covered her with a sheet, his eyes caught the way the sunlight seemed to absorb into her skin. It was almost as though she melted into its warmth. He wrapped her in his arms, for a while. He felt her shiver, as though cold. 
She was dreaming. She was lost in a maze of endless, featureless streets. She was small, and the street was ice and brick. She had exited a room, but now there were no doors. There was nothing but the haunting sound of someone singing. 
Vikram gently stroked her hair. Neither Alice nor Ethan could go back after helping him, due to the curfew. Ethan had stayed in his spare room overnight, but somehow Vikram knew he would be gone already. It was just his way.
The children outside were playing an old game called Fortitude and Solitude; Vikram could tell by the songs they were singing. The children would stand in a line, and one child would run at them in an attempt to break the line. The child that was running would conjure up as many terrifying images as they possibly could in an attempt to get the children to waver. The game almost always ended in delighted screams and laughter and no scores were really kept.
Before each game, there was a call and receive between the line and the child. Vikram repeated the lines to himself, remembering them from his own childhood.
“We stand tall, we stand tall, Fortitude promises to never fall,” said the line of children.
“History is made, history is broken; what Solitude takes will never be awoken,” said the runner. The line of children laughed as they prepared themselves. The runner counted down and then made a mad dash. Soon, all Vikram could hear was just a blur; a frenzy of shouting, giggling and running. 
Vikram shook his head to clear it, and turned off his verse alarm to stop the pulsing of both his brain and his vision. He slowly tried to get up without disturbing Alice. She shifted, but didn’t wake. He touched a strand of her hair, unraveling a loose leaf that had fallen in it.
Vikram lived on the very outskirts of his district, as far away from the city as he could get and, though he wouldn’t admit it to himself, as far away from his parents as possible. He loved his mother and his father dearly, but there was something about their proximity that made him feel somehow unlike himself. It was as though he had to be a better person than he really was.
He sat at the edge of his bed for a few moments. It took a moment for the reality of everything to flood back to him, and when it did it came toting a throbbing headache. He had made plans the last night—hastily scribbled plans in the back of his mind—but he hadn’t dared to commit anything to the verse. Instead, he had done everything in his head. It had seemed so clear and so brilliant at the time, but in the cold light of dawn he had to admit that he didn’t have a clue what he was thinking.
He looked down at Alice again and then tilted his head. The strand of hair that he had moved at her temple had parted her hair. He gently shifted her hair again to reveal a long, horizontal scar that he had never seen before—never could see, from the way that she parted her hair. He pulled his hand away.
He knew enough to recognize a removed uNiverse device. It shouldn’t be possible, but it was clearly there.
Vikram moved to wake her, but then stopped. His mind turned back to Ziang Jing. His hand paused, raised just above Alice’s shoulder, and he pulled it back. 
He stood up feeling cold and strange. He walked into his office, sat at his desk and then proceeded to stare into space. Externally, it was very similar to a mental breakdown. Internally, it was also very similar to a mental breakdown. At the same time though, he felt encouraged by how quickly his thoughts were working. He felt alive, distracted, confused and concerned at once. 
Vikram turned his thoughts to the Wall. He knew that the problem could be solved, the only question was how to solve it. Vikram always worked backwards from his task. He didn’t think about how to get somewhere, he thought about how to get back from there and then reverse-engineered the process. It was the same strategy that served him well with maps and poorly in his personal life. He knew he would have to deal with Alice another time.
With his verse device, sometimes things just popped up to him fully formed, out of the digital ether as though being presented to him by some binary god. The verse was only intended to act as an external processing unit, but it could not be denied that it became integrated into the way you thought and even felt. After so many years with his verse device, he was well aware that it was an extension of his mind, and even possibly his soul. His capacity to use it, he suspected, was the only reason that he was truly talented at what he did. He sometimes wondered what Ziang Jing could do if she had such power.
After a few hours, Vikram began his assembly. He worked quickly and without hesitation.

Alice awoke at noon to find Vikram gone. A note on the table said that he had to attend to business, and that he would likely be gone through the night. The note asked her to stay in the apartment and to rest until he was back. It also said that he needed to talk to her about something. She wondered what it was, and her mind flashed on a thousand possibilities. 
Alice was not a genius like Ziang Jing, but she was aware enough to know that they were working on something exceptionally dangerous. She wondered how she could have slept so late, and then recalled that she hadn’t been sleeping well for the past week. She felt like energy was simply draining away from her.
She looked around Vikram’s apartment, lost as to what to do. She didn’t work today, but Ethan did. Normally she would look for extra work, wandering around the tenements and picking up odd jobs. Still, the day was almost gone and she felt empty. 
Vikram had been begging her to start staying at his apartment. Though he would never say it, she knew that he didn’t feel that Greenville was safe for her. Looking around the apartment now, she noticed things that she had not the past night. There were paintings—physical paintings—on one side of the room now, and living plants. Vikram had no need for those things; she knew it was for her.
Things would have been easy, if she could trust him. But there were just too many things that were unsaid. 

Before Vikram had left his apartment, he had turned on and tested his new location masking device. In general, he now had an alibi; Ziang Jing pointed out that Alice being at his apartment meant that, should there be an investigation, he could simply say he had turned off his uNiverse because he didn’t want to draw attention to his affair with an unconnected girl. They simply had to hope that they didn’t attract suspicion while actually at the Wall.
However, it wouldn’t hold up to a thorough investigation. Vikram had to enter in his security credentials manually at the office when he picked up the stage four connector. The thought was weighing in the back of his head. He had been so caught up in trying to get anything done without the verse that he hadn’t even thought about it. If his father hadn’t been so committed to hiring unconnected employees, he wouldn’t have even been able to get in at all; most buildings only had verse security.
Further, Vikram hadn’t really thought about how difficult physically getting to the Wall would be, especially among a group that only barely accepted him. They had to surreptitiously travel to the edge of the city with a sequence of train cars, and then through about ten miles of forest. All of this also required carrying with them the unlicensed tech, which was not only risky but heavy. The entire trip took nearly six hours, leaving them at the Wall just as darkness fell. 
The tech that Vikram had to bring was not insignificant. It was a powerhouse of a machine: it had to be, to be able to break the encryption signals. Vikram had to spend almost an hour adjusting his program to meet the Wall’s encryption. He stopped when he was certain that he had hit the right spot. Once everything was in place, they would have to move fast.
“Let’s go over this,” said Ziang Jing, uncharacteristic nervousness beginning to show through. Davan grunted in acknowledgment, looking up the Wall. They were at the right most and closest tower, with the wall expanding to their left.
“Ideally, once I turn on this first sequence, the Wall’s security will open up,” explained Vikram, for the benefit of the others. “From there, we need to get to the control room. I’ll need perhaps thirty minutes there to come up with something that will open the other doors. From there, it’s all on you.”
“Davan and Pace will take the top half while June and July will take the bottom,” said Ziang Jing. “Any violence is to be avoided. Once the doors are open, our primary job has been filled.”
“What do we do then? Give them business cards?” asked Pace, pulling at the neck of his shirt. “I mean, how do we…”
“We don’t,” said Ziang Jing. “We don’t talk to them. Not now. They seek us out later. Right now we don’t know who will get recaptured, so we don’t want to talk to them.”
“Smart enough,” said Davan, with a shrug. “Are we ready, boy?”
“Yes, we’re ready,” said Vikram, too distracted to be annoyed. He launched the first sequence. Immediately, the twin doors opened at the bottom of the tower. At the same time, a dim light flickered on inside. 
Vikram felt an intense wave of satisfaction. It had nothing to do with the mission and everything to do with creating a solution that worked, however long it had taken him. 
 “Move, now,” she said, shoving everyone towards the doors. There were ten manual flights of stairs that went upwards on the tower, and according to what Vikram had been able to discern the control room branched off from the fifth floor. However, the maps that Vikram had gotten were only approximate; they were lost for about ten minutes before finding their way. The tower wasn’t truly built to be traversed manually, but Vikram didn’t want to power up the entire system and trigger even more flags.
The control center itself was simple, sleek and virtually empty. The center branched out from the Wall, so that it overlooked the entire facility at once. There were empty panels and empty walls, with the central computer system embedded within the floor. The control center was intended to be used with a verse device, but Vikram had anticipated this. He had Daniel’s tech available and could jack in. 
Vikram spent a tense fifteen or twenty minutes trying to dial into the Wall’s software, though it felt more like an hour. It wasn’t what he had suspected; not necessarily in a bad way, but different. The software was actually older than he thought it would be. This made it easier to crack theoretically, but it meant that the tools he had constructed weren’t appropriate. When he finally did get through, the relief was palpable—and brief.
There was the audible sound of doors opening, and through the large glass window of the control panel they could see them slide upwards. Vikram braced himself for pandemonium, but nothing came. His eyes turned to the screen, and at first he simply was not able to process the data. His mind raced, in starts and stops, considering all of the possibilities. Perhaps he wasn’t connected to the network right. The connection could be altered on either end. But then, finally, he realized that there was only one real conclusion.
“There’s no one there,” said Vikram, finally.
“They’re all dead?” demanded Ziang Jing, at his side. “All of them?”
“Um, no. There’s just no one there,” said Vikram. His dark eyes flashed across the screen, brightening in alternating patterns. “I detect no life signs whatsoever.”
“Well yes, dead people would do that,” said Ziang Jing. “Damn it, I told you—“
“I don’t think it’s that,” said Vikram, shaking his head. “Have them go look. I don’t see anything at all.”
Ziang Jing’s eyes turned to the opened doors. Nothing was emerging from them. She put a hand to her head, and then nodded Davan and Pace.
“Move out. Use caution,” she directed, irritated. “Begin at the floor above us.”
“Yes sir,” said Davan, exiting out of the control room, unfazed. June looked curiously out of the window, putting her hands against the glass.
Ziang Jing took over Vikram’s display, somewhat against his wishes. Vikram felt inexplicably defensive, as though the device was his alone and only he knew how to use it.
“It works,” he said, intrusively pointing at the relevant parts of the screen. Ziang Jing sneered at him, pulling the screen back. “I’m telling you, there’s no life signs anywhere.”
“It makes no sense,” said Ziang Jing, frustrated. “Unless… perhaps everyone was dead a long time ago? Was everyone moved? No, we would have seen…” 
“What if no one was ever imprisoned?” asked Vikram. “What if they’ve been executing people all this time and just giving us the illusion that they were spared?”
“People have come back, you know,” said Ziang Jing. “I guess you wouldn’t know… not being an unconnected. People come back every year.”
“Maybe they got moved somehow and they needed an exit strategy, wait—what’s that?”
“What’s what?” asked Ziang Jing, though she realized what Vikram was talking about just as she asked the question. There was one faint, almost imperceptible glowing dot in one of the cells.
“It’s all empty,” said Davan’s voice, over their local communications channel. Vikram had cobbled it together last minute out of scraps, when he had realized that being able to talk to each other was sort of essential to a mission. 
Vikram looked out the window and saw Davan waving at him from the sixth floor of the wall. Pace was standing just barely inside of one of the open cells. 
“Every one of them. Fantastic use of time,” said Pace. “What next, shall we rob a store that’s empty?”
“We need you to go… Vikram, where is this?” asked Ziang Jing, the moment getting the better of her. 
“The… top floor, third cell,” directed Vikram. “It looks like someone might be there.”
“Move with caution,” said Ziang Jing. Davan gave what Vikram somehow knew was a sarcastic thumbs up. Pace gave his middle finger.
“Not really sure which of those was more insulting,” said Vikram. He watched Davan and Pace seemingly struggle at the edge of the Wall.
“Hey, the stairs doesn’t go up to the top,” said Davan, after a moment. “It stops at ninth.”
“No, it’s not that,” said Pace. “We’re blocked by something. Some kind of cube thing that’s at the top of the stairs.”
“That’s bizarre,” said Vikram, looking up at the top floor. In all respects, it appeared to be the same as the others. “Use your gear.”
“Yes, because it’s precisely that easy to do,” said Pace, sarcastically.
They all watched as Pace threw up a couple of hooks and fashioned something that could be passably used to painstakingly inch upwards. Vikram looked at his count, and then briefly wondered why Pace even had those on him. 
“We have been here too long,” said Vikram, over their voice channel. “We need to go within another 15 minutes. The power here is bound to have triggered an alert by now.”
“Oh I’m sorry, I forgot to renew my membership to the Climbing up Thin Nylon Rope Quarterly Mail Blast,” said Davan, slipping down a few inches as he raised his hand to his communications device. “Because this is totally a thing that people do!”
“Pace is already up there,” said Ziang Jing.
“Pace doesn’t eat!” objected Davan, who was nevertheless moving upwards with renewed effort. Pace helped Davan up. They both approached the cell carefully as the others watched from the tower. Pace motioned for Davan to take point, and Davan kicked him as he passed.
“Well? What is it?” asked Ziang Jing, impatiently after a moment had passed.
“It’s… it’s just a girl?” said Davan, with an unamused voice. 
“A girl?” asked June, straining to see upwards.
“This place is weird,” said Pace.
“We need to go,” said July. She had been watching Vikram’s count as well. “If they noticed us, responders will be arriving soon.”
“She’s right,” said Vikram, realizing suddenly that they were very close to being in danger. He had been too wrapped up in whether his system worked to really think about it. “We have to go.”
They were operating under the assumption that they would not throw up any flags, but they also knew exactly how long it would take for responders to arrive if they had. Their mission hinged upon getting out early enough that there was no possibility of being discovered either way. 
“Grab her and let’s go,” said Ziang Jing. Her voice and eyes both betrayed her frustration. She looked to Vikram.
“Burn the equipment,” she said to him. “We run.”
Vikram nodded and initiated the final sequence.
Nothing happened.
“Vikram,” said Ziang Jing, with a tone that was almost a warning, as though he was a dog that had soiled itself.
“I don’t know, it’s not something I had tested,” he said, his voice tense. “I didn’t think we would get this far, to be perfectly honest.” 
Ziang Jing’s eyes darted back and forth, dark and predatory. 
“It’s all unmarked,” Vikram suggested, hesitantly.
“Okay, we need to go,” said Ziang Jing. “Drop it all now.” 
“Maybe we can bring it with us, it’s only—“
“We have to get through the woods, and away,” said Ziang Jing. “You bring this with us on the way back and we all die. We need to go, now.”
Vikram hastily wiped the machine down with his shirt sleeves, and looked at it from all ends. It was at least 50 pounds combined, and it had been extremely difficult to bring in. It would be harder to leave with. Every step he took away from it, however, felt like a mistake.
He focused on moving his feet, once they hit the stairwell; the adrenaline wore off and was replaced by a nauseating feeling of worry. He hesitated for a moment, wanting to go back for his equipment and knowing that it was already lost. Everyone else was a blur of hands, feet, legs, moving downwards… except Ziang Jing. Flowing in a way that was parallel to time, Ziang Jing was, as always, beyond him.
At the bottom of the tower they met with Davan and Pace, who half-ran and half-staggered towards them. Pace’s eyes darted around. Davan was holding a small, thin and thoroughly unconscious young woman, which Vikram reflected probably wasn’t an altogether new experience for him.
“What are we doing?” asked Davan, coughing a little. He wasn’t accustomed to moving quickly, and the entire day had been high on cardio. Darkness had set, and the illumination of the wall was now clearly visible. In the dusk light, Vikram hadn’t realized that the lights at the top had begun to glow, but it was extremely obvious now.
“We’re leaving,” said Ziang Jing, not even bothering to conceal her annoyance. “We need to go now.”
The girl stirred, her eyes fluttered open and fixed on Vikram. Or it would be more accurate to say that her eyes fixed at a point somehow beyond him. They were steel gray and dull, like an antique doll.
“But I—oh shit,” said Davan. He began backing up, and everyone turned to see what he was looking at. The cold light of a dozen uNiverse devices suddenly lit the area just beyond them, each of them individually illuminating the wearer’s line of sight. 
“Fantastic,” said Pace. “Brilliant.” 
“We could distract them,” chanced June, her eyes looking in July’s direction.
“That’s wonderfully dramatic, but it’ll just end up with you both dying while overly harmonic music plays,” said Vikram, who was starting to become disillusioned with the entire rebel mystique. “We’re completely dark. No tech. We just disappear into the woods.”
“They are only 20 meters away,” said Ziang Jing, exasperated. “They will be able to read heat signatures and if they get close enough to you they will detect your device, whether it’s on or off. They don’t know who you are yet, but they will.” 
“Oh, right.” Vikram mentally reminded himself that he was clearly out of his depth. 
“We need to get out of this area,” said Ziang Jing, making a snap decision. “Move quietly and follow me.” 
They dissolved into the woods. Ziang Jing was in the front, leaving everyone to tracking her swift shape moving through the dark trees. Her steps were silent, but Vikram’s were deafening in his ears. Eventually she drew to a stop, circling around a large banyan tree and dropping to the ground. The lights were still glowing in the distance.
“So we hide under a tree,” said Davan, flatly. “That’s our plan, hiding. Under. The. Tree.”
The girl they had rescued was now lying against it, barely conscious, as June and July tended to her as much as they could. Lights flashed to the left, haphazardly. Vikram couldn’t even count them all. 
“It’s a large place, they will not likely find us,” said Ziang Jing, softly. 
Another sequence of lights illuminated themselves to the right of them, in the distance. And then there were more, and more, until the entire forest looked like a starry night sky.
“Unless they have more men than we anticipated,” she modified, under her breath. Everyone froze. Lights flickered around them. They began to close in.

One of the lights was the Warden, and he wasn’t even really upset as much as impressed. He had responded to the signals that power was on at the wall immediately, and rounded up the men for what he had thought was going to be a glorious distribution of justice. He had established a quick perimeter around the Wall and stood fast, waiting. Finally, after not getting the war he thought he would, he had moved in only to inspect it and find that both the Wall and the surrounding area were entirely empty. With thousands of dangerous and possibly armed convicts now flooding the forest, he had immediately told his soldiers to move out.
And yet, something didn’t seem right. As he stepped through the dense forest, he was reminded of his childhood, playing hide-and-seek in the woods. There was always the one kid that would freeze up at the last minute, completely unable to find a good spot. There was always one kid hiding out in the open. Where was that one kid?
Why couldn’t they find anyone? Not a single soul?
It occurred to him that the alarm may have been set off far after the escape had already been made. He considered this.
“Everyone move forward and disperse,” he announced over the verse. “The convicts may have left a trail. Look for stragglers.”
More backup was arriving. He smiled himself the smile of someone who was experiencing mild indigestion. 

The lights intensified.
“They’re all around us,” said July. Not nervously, just a statement of fact. “There’s no way we can get out. We knew--”
“There might be,” interrupted Ziang Jing. “They don’t know how to disable us because we aren’t connected to the verse. They can’t shoot us because they outnumber us, they would be shooting into each other. If we all run in different directions, it is not likely they can catch us all.”
“No,” said Vikram, firmly. “We all need to get out.”
“You are being an idealist,” argued Ziang Jing.
“No, I’m not. I don’t trust any of you not to turn me in,” said Vikram, in an uncharacteristic bout of practicality. “If we leave one person behind it’s as good as leaving them my home address.”
A \ particular batch of lights was getting much, much closer. Vikram’s voice dropped to a barely audible whisper, “We should do something else.”
“In a few moments, it will be too late,” said Ziang Jing, decisively. “We go now, we—“
Ziang Jing’s voice stopped as the lights abruptly dropped. The forest was suddenly blanketed in complete darkness. Everyone stopped breathing, for a moment. Vikram wondered if they were trying to flush them out. There was now absolutely no way of knowing where--
 “Go, now,” said Ziang Jing, making a snap decision. She shoved everyone in the direction away from where the closest lights had been. Vikram stumbled in the darkness and then moved blind, trying his best to catch glimpses of the others in the dark. He moved as quickly as he could without sound, but after a few moments he stumbled, tripped and fell on something warm, and soft.
“What--,” he began before he could stop himself, as he felt a thin limb reaching to support him. Pace pulled him back on his feet and started pulling him in the other direction, but he pulled back and Pace weightlessly drifted towards him, like a cloud on a leash.
“What are you--” Pace began, irritated, and then his eyes adjusted. Three soldiers were lying on the ground around them. Pace froze, stock still. Vikram knelt down and attempted to take a pulse before he remembered that he had no idea how to take pulses. He then held his hand up to the man’s nose, and felt his breath.
“They’re just unconscious,” said Vikram, sitting back and momentarily forgetting his current predicament. He heard light footsteps and looked up to see Ziang Jing coming back, with a look on her face that defied words, like Vikram was a dog that had eaten her baby.
Her expression turned from anger, to confusion. Her head tilted, and there was a moment that passed entirely separate from time.
“There’s burn marks,” whispered Vikram, looking at the soldier’s head. He tilted the man’s head to the side to show her. “Their devices are burned out. Almost charred.”
“What, all of them?” asked Ziang Jing, narrowing her eyes. She looked around the dense woods. “What could cause that?”
“A virus?” asked Vikram. “It would have to be software, not physical, because mine is only off not inactive… I don’t know.”
“Are they alive?” asked June.
“They’re alive, just… unconscious. Probably brain damaged.”
“We need to go,” said Ziang Jing, firmly. She grabbed Vikram by the arm. “Now.”

The Warden stepped outside of the cell, and looked around. He repeated his call to his guards, but received nothing in return. The forest was dark around him, and silent as death. He closed his eyes and sighed. From the very beginning, he knew that none of this was going to go the way he wanted it to.
It hadn’t been right. There wasn’t a single body in any of the cells. The cells were completely cleaned out. Wouldn’t there have at least been one body?
He stepped out of the base of the tower only to see his guards, collapsed, in a circle around it. He knelt beside one of the men and the verse diagnosed his vital signs, showing that he was alive, but just barely. 
“I need back up,” said the Warden, into his uNiverse. He was more irritated than concerned. “And I need a tech expert; someone left a mess of equipment in the control room.”

Vikram’s heart was fluttering in his chest and he couldn’t calm it. He gripped the side of his desk until his flesh turned white, and he watched his skin grow paler with a sort of detached emotion. He was at work. It had seemed like the logical thing to do at the time. They didn’t want to arouse any suspicion, and there was nothing else that could be done. 
Of course, that had banked on him not seeming suspicious at work, so in retrospect it had been a huge mistake.
They had exited the forest and hid in the dark. They had wandered the streets like lost children, at the edge of the unconnected districts. June and July had left the group first. And then Pace, and then Davan. Not knowing what else to do, Vikram had left Ziang Jing and the girl at Ethan’s. Ethan had asked no questions, allowing Vikram not to tell any lies. It was the most secure place he could think of.
As the sun had risen, Vikram had slunk back into his apartment. Alice was gone. There was a note from her, saying that she had to be at work early in the morning. He had no idea and no way of knowing what she was thinking. Even in his exhaustion, he wondered if she thought that she had done something wrong. He turned off his location masking device, which was where he left it on the bed stand, and he collapsed on his bed, staring at the ceiling for hours.
There had been no news about what had transpired, but already there were whispers and rumors floating around in the dark of the verse. They said that there had been a breakout at the Wall. They said that it had been the Ciphers and that everyone had escaped, somehow dissolving into the night.
And they said that there was some form of new technology that could be used to disable the Guard. Nothing was filtered through official channels, but you could tell that they had all heard. It was in the way they stood; watching and wary, like wolves on the prowl. Those that had relatives in the Guard were reporting that their relatives were in comas. Some had died. Vikram didn’t know what to think or what to feel.
A few of the girls outside were snickering to themselves. Vikram looked up, and saw Alice smiling at him, nervously. Her hand twisted her hair, close to her neck, like a child giving a gift. She looked tired, as though she hadn’t slept. 
The girls always laughed when Alice came in. It didn’t seem to bother her, but Vikram always had to hold himself back.
“I thought I would bring you lunch,” she said, in a tone that was half apology. “I wanted to make sure you were okay… I didn’t get a chance to see you.”
Alice’s voice faded with her smile, uncertainly. Vikram realized that, from her perspective, she had no choice but to believe that something was wrong between them. He had left her alone for an entire day at night with no explanation, and he had unthinkingly told her he needed to talk to her in the note. Now that time had passed, it didn’t even seem important.
“Oh, and someone gave this to me for you, outside,” Alice said, handing him a small envelope, like the kind used for holding memory cards. 
Vikram’s momentary lapse into self-reflection stopped. No one used memory cards anymore, and certainly no one used envelopes.
“It’s weird, I know,” said Alice.
“One of Ziang Jing’s friends?” Vikram asked, turning the envelope over in his hands, not daring to open it in the office.
“Not anyone I’ve seen with her, no,” said Alice, her eyes upwards now, scanning. “Where is Ziang Jing today?”
“She’s not well,” said Vikram, absently. “I’m sorry, Alice, I have really a lot of work to do—“
“Oh, of course,” said Alice. She went on quickly, “So do I, I mean. I just… I don’t have much time either. I’ll see you later.”
She backed away from Vikram’s desk, like a ghost that wasn’t really present. Vikram was about to say something else, but she turned. He almost paged her with his verse before realizing that he couldn’t. 
It will be better this way, he told himself. The sooner he could get this all over with, the sooner they could get back to normal. He could explain, and everything would be fine. They could discuss things. He knew, deep down, that everything would be fine.
Vikram went into the bathroom to open the envelope, only briefly reflecting on the fact that going to the bathroom with the envelope was bizarre in itself. He turned off his uNiverse, expecting meeting or location details.
The envelope was filled with only a single paper. 
It said “Get out of the building now.”
“Fantastic,” said Vikram. He wasn’t even surprised.
Vikram’s vision blurred suddenly and then sharpened; everything was closer, for a moment, and then indescribably far. Alarmed, he reached for his verse device before remembering that it was off. He heard shouting in the hall, and grabbing the box he exited to find confusion, and fear.
“Did yours shut off too?” asked Michael, one of his father’s older employees. He was tapping and shaking his head. “Did yours shut off too?”
“Yes?” said Vikram, uncertainly. Everything was stark white and gray with a lack of verse overlay. The entire office was composed of cubes and rigid angles. A few of the employees on the floor looked down at themselves as though it was the first time they had seen themselves in years. He was abruptly reminded that Mark had a long scar on his face from an accident as a child, and that Cora’s real eye color was hazel.
And then just like that, order he felt the verse come back, though he had not turned it back on. His display flickered into life, involuntarily. He took a step backwards, caught off guard as everything around him sprung into being. He only turned off his uNiverse when necessary. He had forgotten that half of the objects in the office were virtual. 
“Oh my god, what was that?” asked Kathleen, sitting down at her desk and staring off into space.
“I—I bet it was an update gone wrong,” said David. His eyes flicked back and forth wildly as though he was reading. “I can’t see anything about it yet, but I’m sure they’ll update soon.”
“Do you think it has to do with… you know,” said Lin, in a lower voice. “The rumors? Do you think it was the Ciphers?”
“If it was the Ciphers, we’d all be dead,” said Mark, solemnly.
“I think we should all go home for the day,” said Vikram, coming back to his senses and remembering the message in his hand. “That just gave me a terrible headache, and I’m betting it did for all of you too. We should leave immediately, because it could be a problem with the building itself.”
“Actually… my head does kind of hurt,” said one voice, as Vikram edged towards the door.
“Yes, I’m sure my father wouldn’t want us to stay with health issues and verse issues. I think we should all go home, and rest,” said Vikram, quickly, with a tight smile that he hoped came across more reassuring than psychotic. 
In his hand, he crumpled the note and walked quickly, though not too quickly, towards the door as everyone struggled to put gather their physical and virtual possessions.

Alice walked through the airbrushed streets of the Midland district feeling alone. She didn’t really have anything to do; she hadn’t really been scheduled for work, she had just felt awkward within Vikram’s home. She suspected that she had taken too long on the job, as she hadn’t been scheduled for work all week. 
She had decided to wander around the district and try her best to acclimate herself to it. She knew she would never see what other people saw, but perhaps she could become accustomed to the absence. 
As she walked, she noticed that someone else was walking in stride with her. She felt a tension in her chest. When she looked over, the feeling she had was a mixture of confusion and relief: it was the man she had met before, outside of Vikram’s office. He had dark hair and eyes, and seemed to be a little older than her. Alice could never really tell anything about someone with a uNiverse; they dressed so simply that nothing betrayed them.
“Are you one of Ziang Jing’s friends?” she asked, and slowed. “I gave the—“
“Don’t stop walking,” the man said, with a polite smile. He raised his hand up to her arm gently, moving her forward and continuing to walk beside her. “And don’t be afraid.”
Alice responded the same way most people do when being told not to be afraid: with fear. Still, she kept pace with him, while scanning her environment for possible avenues of escape. There was a train car approaching about five blocks away. She suspected she could board it quickly, but so could he.
“Is Vikram in trouble?” Alice asked, cautiously, keeping her eyes on the street.
“No,” he said. “Listen, my name is Matthew. I’m trying to help you.”
He abruptly pulled her to the right. They disappeared into a small but deep alcove of rigid metal, plastic and concrete. Alice stopped breathing, for a second. She pulled away but he held her close, though not roughly. There was a door next to them—no, a sequence of slots. 
“Am I inside of a vending machine?” she asked, blankly.
“Don’t be afraid. I’m trying to protect you,” Matthew said. “It’s really very important. We need to get Vikram.”
“I don’t understand,” said Alice, pulling away with caution. “He’s at his office. I was there only half an hour ago. You know that, because you were there.”
“He’s heading somewhere else now,” said Matthew, shaking his head. “I need to know where he’d go if he needed to be safe.”
“His parent’s house,” said Alice, reflecting that they had very good security. “It’s the only other place that I can think of.”
“No, it won’t be his parent’s house,” said Matthew. His dark eyes shifted away, and he looked as though he wanted to say something, but he did not. “I think—“
Matthew was interrupted. There was a sound unlike anything that Alice had ever heard; louder and more violent than anything she had ever experienced before. Matthew pushed Alice down to the ground and against the wall, holding himself over her.
Alice felt a rush of warmth and then air so hot that she was almost burning. A scream was stifled within her throat. She breathed in, and began to choke and cough. Her eyes opened to nothing but a hazy orange and gray. As Matthew stood, she stumbled into the street. Her eyes widened.
The street was on fire; the buildings were on fire. As she approached the scene, part of another building toppled and fell in front of her. It was distant, but it felt closer. People were screaming—she became aware of the sounds, the cacophony. Her hearing had been dampened, but now it was slowly coming back.
It was Vikram’s building that had fallen. She could recognize it, or at very least the absence of it.
“No,” said Matthew, pulling her back. Alice had tears in her eyes already, melting in with the dust on her face and in her hair. He grabbed her and turned her. “Alice, Vikram isn’t in there. He’s gone already. Do you hear me?”
Alice tried to take a breath to calm herself, but it came in ragged and warm. 
“Are you sure?” she asked, her eyes fixed on the chaos in front of them.
“Yes, I’m sure. I saw him leave myself,” Matthew said, wiping dust out of her eyes with his sleeve. “I promise.”
“Then why not just follow him?” asked Alice, confused. People were running in both directions in the street. Alarms were sounding, distantly.
“He turned off his uNiverse while I was following you,” said Matthew, who had seen Vikram’s location suddenly jump to another area entirely. “He was heading towards Greenville at the time.”
Matthew realized he was running out of time. He lifted his left sleeve, and showed her a tattoo on the inside of his wrist. 
“You work for Wellhouse,” she said, numbly.
“Yes, and I know who you are.” 
Alice wasn’t even surprised. 

“Do any of you want some coffee during your suspicious conversations?” asked Daniel, from the kitchen. His face wore a placating smile. Daniel had already lived through his own revolutions, and knew that in time his son would live through his. He knew that in every young man and woman’s life there would be heartache, fear, pain and danger. All he could do was meet it with the wistful sadness of a parent that had already seen the war that is coming. 
Ethan half-smiled to himself and then stood to help his father. The young woman that Vikram had brought in was on the couch, sleeping. Ziang Jing didn’t know why her first impulse was to bring the girl back to Ethan, but Vikram had agreed that it was the best choice. None of them had medical training, and she knew that Daniel had a way with machines. She supposed that the entire thought process probably said a lot about her and her perception of humanity. There really hadn’t been anything that could be done anyway. The girl was half dead from starvation, and all they could do was wait. 
There was a knock at the door. Ziang Jing jumped up, primed for action.
“It’s okay, it’s just me,” said Vikram, somewhat later than he really should have. Ziang Jing opened the door from the inside. Vikram was taken aback for a second; she looked exhausted in ten different ways.
Vikram was about to walk past her, then stumbled and braced himself against the wall. Ziang Jing jumped up to steady him and he waited for the moment to pass.
“I’m okay, I’m okay,” said VIkram, holding a hand up. “Something is weird with the verse.”
“You didn’t turn it off when you walked in here?” asked Ziang Jing, disbelieving.
“I did, it’s not—something weird has been happening with—that’s not what’s important right now,” said Vikram, shaking his head and trying to clear it. He touched his uNiverse and then jerked his hand away. It was hot to the touch. “Not a good sign…”
“About that,” said Ethan, coming out from the kitchen. He handed Ziang Jing a cup of coffee, and then lowered his voice. “Is someone finally going to tell me what’s going on and who this is? Because Ziang Jing just keeps glaring at me when I ask. And frankly I’m a little scared.”
“I can’t—Listen. I got a note telling me to leave my building,” said Vikram, passing the note to Ziang Jing. Though, in retrospect he had no idea what purpose he thought that would serve. “I was halfway down the city when my building—you know, my parent’s building? It exploded.”
“Wait--what?” asked Ziang Jing, her eyes widening. Her gaze went outside. There was a cloud of smoke rising from Midland, in the distance. The walls were so thick, they hadn’t heard a thing.
“Yeah. It exploded. My building. Exploded,” said Vikram. Under ordinary circumstances he refrained from calling it his building, but he was giving himself a moment of reprieve from political correctness. It was his building, and it had exploded.
“I had already sent everyone home,” he said, noticing Ethan’s expression. “When it happened I turned on my location interference device remotely, but it won’t take a genius to realize that my location jumps from one place to another. If it was the Guard, they’ll be able to track me soon enough.”
On the couch, the girl stirred. For a moment, everyone stopped, and looked. Her eyes opened. 
“Go get her water,” said Ethan, momentarily distracted. He knelt beside the young woman. Ziang Jing, uncharacteristically, followed the directions. The girl was still pale, but had regained a little bit of color sine Vikram had last seen her. She was painfully thin, and her lips were almost blue. 
“Is she… has she been okay?” asked Vikram, uncertainly. He tried to fight off his sense of impatience and impending doom.
“No, she’s been unconscious,” said Ethan. His words rolled their eyes. The girl started to sit up, supporting herself with both arms. She looked confused. Her large, gray eyes turned to Vikram and looked through him, almost into him. 
“Where am I?” she asked. There was no inflection in her question; no fear. 
“My house?” chanced Ethan. It wasn’t helpful, but it was all he had. Ziang Jing had returned and Ethan held a glass of water to the girl’s lips.
“Drink this,” Ethan said. The girl did as she was told. Ziang Jing stood at a distance.
“My name is Mira,” said the young woman, after a moment. Suddenly she stood, almost as though she simply shifted from one position to another in space and time. She was so thin that her appearance almost stuttered. Ethan immediately reached out to her, but she moved towards a window.
The window was clean inside. Daniel was a particular man. But there was the constant haze of pollution that coated the exterior. Still, Mira stood at the window and looked out. At the very edge of Midland, she could see the lights flickering. She searched her mind for answers, but found nothing but shades of gray and white walls.
There was ash in the air now.
“You need to lie down,” Ethan said, gently grabbing her arm. “You’re not well.”
“Something is happening,” said Mira, though not urgently. “I feel something, in the dark.”
“Well… you were dying,” pointed out Vikram.
Mira looked down at the streets below. An organized chaos of people; more people than she had ever seen in her life. They were not connected to the verse. They would be fine. But then, there were others. Mira felt numbers, numbers cascading through her mind. 
In Midland, all of the lights fell for a moment, and then rose again. Vikram wondered if power generators had been taken out by the explosion. 
Someone knocked on the door and everyone jumped.
“Is that going to continue?” asked Ethan, his calm demeanor finally turning towards frustration.
“It’s me,” called Alice, from the other side. A familiar hand waved in the window above the door. Vikram breathed out in relief and opened the door.
Alice wasn’t alone. 
Matthew held up his hands at the suspicious faces.
“Sorry,” said Alice, looking down.

The Warden was angry. It wasn’t an unfamiliar emotion for him, but it was unusual for him to feel it at this intensity. He strolled aimlessly around the balcony before stepping back in. The flames were still burning in the city. 
Just hours ago, they had managed to trace the leader of the Ciphers: a young man named Vikram who was the child of a prominent community member. They had moved to arrest him at his building, which had exploded. Shortly after that, they had picked up his location at his apartment, but he wasn’t there. It was a very irritating sequence of events.
“Where is the man now?” asked Director Bernard. She stepped carefully over a fallen lamp. 
“Our last signal for him was approaching Greenville district, ma’am,” responded her aid. “And then the signal simply jumped over here. We assumed it as just a glitch.”
“Did you connect to a feed?”
“I’m connecting to a feed now. It’s of an apartment somewhere in the Greenville district, but the location still appears to be here. None of the people around him are in the system; they are all unconnected, so we can’t determine a legitimate location.”
“Send the nearest patrols to the location and continue monitoring the feed,” said Director Bernard. She was turning over a small device in her hand. She handed it to her aid. “And take this to the lab to get it analyzed.”
They had tossed the entire apartment but only found a few small pieces of unregistered technology and a single device, the use of which wasn’t apparent to them yet. 
“Director, this should be my show,” said the Warden. “All we needed to do was come in and scoop him up. Could have gotten him before that building blew.”
“You have hundreds of men that are unlikely to ever wake from a coma,” said the Director, though not unkindly. She put a hand on the Warden’s shoulder. “You have more than enough to worry about on your own. No one could have known that he would turn to this.”
 “News, ma’am,” said the aid, coming back without the device. “I received new reports. They are troubling, Director. His family’s home has been destroyed with the same incendiary device. There were no survivors and the bodies have been identified through their uNiverse devices.”
“That’s not right,” said the Director, tilting her head. “What madness would lead to him killing his own family?”
“You can never tell with these types,” said the Warden, gritting his teeth. He knew exactly what kind of madness would lead to this. He began calmly walking towards the apartment’s door.
“Wait… Sera, when did the home explode?” asked the Director, of her aid.
“Just a few minutes ago,” said the aid. “I told you just as I got the reports. Oddly however, from the feed, it does not appear that the young man actually--”
A cold feeling entered the Director’s heart. 
“Everyone,” she said, calmly. “We need to--”
The sound was deafening. And then there was nothing.

“We can’t trust you unless we know who you are,” said Vikram, firmly. “You need to explain what’s going on to us and what your part in it is.”
They were all standing in Ethan’s bedroom, and speaking softly. Ethan sat on the side of his bed, tossing a ball in the air and trying his best to reside in a completely different level from what was going on. Daniel was tending to Mira in the living room. The girl did not seem surprised, shocked or scared. In fact, she was probably doing better than any of them.
“Fine, but then we need to go,” said Matthew, looking towards the door. He tried to synthesize his knowledge in the simplest way possible. “The girl, Mira, is like a hard drive. There are things encoded within her brain; very important information.”
“Why a person? Why not like, a jump drive?” asked Ethan, before he could stop himself. 
“The information that is stored within her programming is intentionally obscured and hidden, and it’s more than just pure information. It’s difficult to explain simply; she acts almost like a verse device on her own. She can interact with it, and it can interact with her,” said Matthew. “There are incredible amounts of information in her… theoretically. You can store more in a person than you can in any form of technology. It isn’t just in her brain. It’s in her genetic code.”
“And who are you that we should trust you?” asked Ziang Jing, snatching the ball from Ethan’s hand almost thoughtlessly.
“I work for… I’m a scholar. Though, truth be told, that sounded more compelling in my head,” said Matthew. “You must believe me that you are in danger, and that all I want to do is help you. Vikram’s building exploding was only the beginning.”
“The beginning of what? You can’t really get much farther than an exploding building, can you?” asked Ethan, giving up on his detachment phase.
“That wasn’t the Guard,” said Matthew. “In fact, the Guard probably thinks that Vikram did it. It was… in all likelihood, it was Wellhouse. As far as I know, they’re the ones trying to hide the girl.”
“The Guard is probably being deployed right now,” said Ziang Jing, to the others. “It will take them a little while to get through the unconnected areas… but if what he says is true, this girl could be valuable. If she can take out the Guard the way she did that night… we could have a real rebellion on our hands.”
“I have a place we can hide,” interrupted Matthew. “At the very edge of the coast, past the borders and past the reach of the network. I have technology that can hide us. We can talk about this more there.” 
“No, we shouldn’t run and hide,” said Ziang Jing, starting to think things through. “We can use this to act. We can rally the people. If this girl can really disrupt the verse, we can use her. Now, their guards are weak. They lost many of them last night. If we wait, they will be able to bring more in from the surrounding districts.”
“She probably doesn’t even have conscious control over what she can do,” Matthew said, realizing the conversation was going in the wrong direction. “For now, we need—“
 “Vikram, please,” said Alice, grabbing his arm and looking into his eyes. “We can’t keep arguing about this. I don’t know what’s going on, but we need to leave now. Please. We’re in danger. You have to trust me on this.”
“She is a coward who wants to protect her good life,” said Ziang Jing, nodding her head at Alice dismissively. “Who is this girl to you really, Vikram? She is kind, but is she smart? She is pretty, but is she brave? I am the one who has stood beside you, and I am the one who understands your work. We are talking about something that is larger than two people, larger than whoever warms your bed at night.”
“And you’re nothing but a child playing with toy soldiers,” said Alice, stepping towards Ziang Jing. “For all your talk, what have you ever actually done? All of your achievements have ridden on the backs of the very people you despise.”
“I’ve had nightmares like this,” said Vikram, slowly. 
“You don’t even know what’s going on here,” said Ziang Jing. “Do you want to know what your boyfriend was doing last night? He was stepping forward, he was being a man. He was—“
“Doing something clearly illegal that has negative consequences for all of us, probably because you begged him to,” said Alice. “Do you really think I don’t know what this is all about, or do you think I’m blind? You use him only to further your goals. His family is a target now, do you even care?”
 “Maybe I do think you are blind,” said Ziang Jing, gathering steam. “Blinded with all the starry-eyed promises he has made to you. Do you really think his family will let you marry into them? Do you think they will dilute their wealth in such a way? They think you are cute, like a pet. I should know, I have known them far longer than you.”
“You have no idea who I am,” said Alice, voice turning dark.
“Enough,” said Vikram. “Ziang Jing, just stop. We don’t know what’s really going on here. But we need to react to what we do know. What we do know is that this girl… Mira… is clearly valuable to someone, so much so that they’re willing to destroy my father’s building and his research. Alice is right. We need to protect ourselves. And maybe Ziang Jing is right and we need to, I don’t know, abolish the fabric of our society. The point is that we don’t really know anything right now and we don’t know who to trust.”
“That isn’t even a decision, that’s just you avoiding a decision,” said Matthew, in confusion more than annoyance.
“Yes… yes it is,” said Vikram. “I was sort of hoping if I just said that loud enough, people would assume I was making a decision.”
Matthew’s response, which was primarily one of contempt, was interrupted by a blinding flash of light. Both Vikram and Matthew stumbled, almost as though deactivated, before recovering.
“Was that…?” began Alice.
“I’m fine, I’m fine,” said Vikram.
Everyone turned as a thin shadow entered the doorway. It was Mira.
“They were coming, but I stopped them,” she explained. “That was the flash of light you saw. There were guards about to come in. They’re dead now.”
Alice stared at her.
“Asleep,” corrected Mira, quickly. “I get words confused sometimes. It’s been a long time since I’ve talked. There are more coming. We should go.”
“Well, the living computer is probably right,” said Vikram. “I vote we listen to the living computer that is keeping us from being killed. And my girlfriend, because I love her.”
“Nice save,” said Ethan, supportively.

Daniel had already been calmly packing supplies. He knew enough to know which way the wind was blowing. He wasn’t even really surprised when he saw the guard assembling outside of the house, though he had been a little taken aback when they had all dropped to the ground unconscious. Still, he shrugged to himself and continued doing what he had always done: preparing for the worst while hoping for the best. 
Ethan hadn’t needed to explain anything to his father. Somehow, he knew he wouldn’t. Daniel just grabbed his shoulder supportively, and nodded his head. Vikram filed it away: he knew he would have to make apologies, but currently the scope was simply too immense.
They exited through the back; a route that Daniel had already mapped out many times in his head. They stepped carefully around the unconscious guards, and Mira was able to direct them away from the patrols that were around. Vikram was nervous that they were tracking him directly by now, and asked if she could disable his device. However, she said that she didn’t have the control to do that without potentially killing him.
Vikram wasn’t sure if she meant literally killing them or knocking them out, so he declined. Matthew, apparently, could not be tracked. Vikram had questions that would need to be answered—later.
Matthew had arranged for a small hover boat, the type people used on vacations, hidden within the forest at the edge of the district. It was intelligent: vehicles would be tracked. The boat was just as fast, but under the radar. Vikram didn’t ask how he acquired it, and he didn’t volunteer the information. They travelled for hours in the fading afternoon light until they reached a small but expensive house at the edge of the coast. It was hidden deep within the forest. 
Ziang Jing was lost in her own world, carefully constructing a mental rebellion. Even without the benefit of acting now, she was certain that she could succeed. Ethan watched her, carefully, and wondered exactly what succeeding would mean to her. 
They were outside of the verse network now, and seemingly at the edge of the world. Matthew assured them that they could not be seen nor tracked there. It was far enough off the grid that the signals were weak and could be deflected. However, Vikram suspected that if there was a direct sweep, nothing would be able to help them.
As they all gathered their bearings, Alice walked up to Daniel and gave him a melancholy smile. He was so much older than he had been the first time she had met him, but he still had the same kind, sad eyes.
“It’ll be okay,” said Daniel supportively, looking towards the sunset. “We’ve gotten ourselves out of worst, haven’t we?”
 “Mira...” began Alice, her eyes searching his for answers.
“I didn’t know,” said Daniel, firmly. “You know what I would have done, had I known.” 
“Of course,” she said, feeling foolish for asking. She smiled at him meekly, for a moment a little girl again.  
Twenty feet away, Vikram cautiously approached Ziang Jing and Ethan. She was watching Mira in almost a predatory way, like a hawk.
“Are you…. okay?” he asked, not really certain that was the question he needed to ask, but it was the only question he had.
“I am fine,” said Ziang Jing, her eyes reflecting the red sunset. “This is only the beginning. I am certain of it.”
Matthew passed by them, also zeroing in on Mira, in the distance. Vikram reached out to grab his arm as he passed. He was so distracted that he almost didn’t notice; Vikram stepped in front of him to stop him, though not impolitely.
“I need to get a message to my parents. To find out if they are okay. Do you know how I can do that?” Vikram asked. Matthew stared at him for a moment, as though he needed a moment to process the question. His eyes looked back up at Mira, and then back to Vikram.
“It’s important,” said Vikram, firmly.
“I think I can arrange that,” Matthew said, after some hesitation. Vikram felt some relief, as small as it was. It seemed as though Matthew wanted to say something else, but then he just nodded to Vikram, and excused himself. 
Mira stood by herself in the wind and watched the orange and blue ocean tide coming in. She remembered seeing a tide once, in a past life that seemed like centuries ago. Perhaps it was centuries ago. She tilted her head and tried to remember. Distantly, a tune came back to her.
“What was that?” asked Matthew, coming up to stand beside her. “It sounded so familiar.”
Mira’s eyes fluttered for an almost imperceptible moment. In her eyes, flashed a thousand untold stories. She took a breath before she answered.  
“It’s a song I used to sing.”
About the Author


Jenna Inouye lives in a small, magical cave dense with the light of a thousand spirits. To find it, one must pass through the apex of a triple rainbow and come out with a clean soul and exactly thirty seven cents. This amount of change must not contain pennies.
Jenna Inouye is also a writer.

Follow this author online:
http://www.howtolivewrite.com/

For more books by this author:
http://www.howtolivewrite.com/books/

February 2014 – The Ballad of Mistress S

