The Oleander Effect
Snow in November

Copyright © 2014 by Justin Muller
Smashwords Edition (professionally copy-edited)
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review
First Published: January 2014
Cover Design: Jeanine Henning
For the latest news, visit: www.justinmullerbooks.com
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Epilogue
The Oleander Effect: Throne of Bayonets
About the Author
Other Books by Justin Muller
The Glass Forest
The Oleander Effect Series
Coming Soon – Book 2: Throne of Bayonets
Chapter 1
The desert dunes moved slowly with the hollow wind, and every eye had nowhere to land a sight. An empty void, a chasm laid bare to the universe, and the small hills were never quiet, or still. They moved ever so slowly.
The chatter of machine gun fire flung up a cloud of sand. Two bursts - ammunition was favourable. The early morning still submerged the sounds of the world, and the desert dunes did not hold any more freedom. Different sounds wove their way in-between the mounds of sand at different paces, but the land was bare of most mounds.
The shooter was impatient, and fired again, the tracer rounds burning thin lines into the landscape.
“Hold it,” said the commander, touching the shooter quickly. They were huddled on an outpost deep inside the Sahara. It had spread the commander’s force out thin across the relatively small contour; and with every metre of land crossed, they were moving into unknown territory. The recent surveys had shown over 10 million square kilometres of desert, but that figure was increasing every metre more they saw.
“Check the rads.”
The shooter removed himself from his machine gun and produced a slim Geiger counter.
A jet suddenly screamed overhead in the distance, forcing them to both look in the direction of its travel.
“Do you think they’ll return?” asked the shooter, fiddling with the instrument, but the commander was lost in the vexed sand dunes. He was transfixed by the tongue of flame that shot out from the distant horizon.
“Damn, it’s just manageable, but that explosion must have sent up another pocket,” said the shooter quickly.
“Mixed with the winds from the north,” the commander thought, “we might get a cloud later on. We’re relocating anyways, no person is mad enough to stay in these regions while the winds change.”
The shooter suddenly climbed up and faced the commander, disturbing a thin sheet of sand.
“We’ve lost many men on this expedition. We do what’s right, and punch up to 412. The bird is in range now.”
The commander turned and listened to the desert. After years, he could distinguish the activity in the air. The enemy did not return fire. They had a small window.
“We bring him out.”
*
The helicopter was a nimble machine; built from scratch by a powerful sponsor ready to lend its hand; few were strong enough to lend. No sound came from the fluid air displacement, and the clean blade with the gas padded engine block. A small drone could be distinguished at a distance, but otherwise it was silent. They had chosen a fossil fuel burning engine as they didn’t trust an electric motor in the desert weather.
The most important man in the camp stepped out from his tent. He had three layers of protection, one of them lead lined and a respirator with a fixed oxygen tank. A re-breathing apparatus accompanied the man, but the oxygen tank would hold for many more hours. They planned to be quick on their way, accomplishing their task and returning before sunrise.
“Doctor,” said the commander as he walked up to the figure. He addressed the man by his friend’s name, the only slither of recognition. No time for pleasantries.
“Is all my equipment packed? I hate disappointments,” the doctor replied.
“Don’t worry; the men packed exactly what you ordered.” The commander tried to hide his annoyance. “Do you think it’s too soon though? That explosion must have saturated the air by now.”
“I would rather risk radiation than bullets.”
“I personally wouldn’t risk either,” returned the commander, but the doctor was impatient, and forced his way to the awaiting machine.
“I don’t know why you’re really here, doctor. You have been searching for something else in this desert. Your expedition has cost much. If you don’t accomplish what we’re actually here for, I’m afraid we’ll have to return.”
The doctor clambered aboard the helicopter and fastened his seatbelt, ignoring the commander’s comments.
“The one beauty of this desert is that it’s very fruitful. The radioactive material that you’re breathing in right now has its origins somewhere between the dunes. A fallout pattern was observed from the first aerial photographs. It’s too bad we came to it in such circumstances. Never doubt my work; I thought I made that clear to you when we first met.”
“When we first met, it was much different.”
The doctor smiled through his mask.
“Yes.”
The commander watched as the helicopter lifted off the ground, and slowly departed into the unknown.
*
The clouds boiled black tar as the night fought the morning slowly; pooling up on the ceiling of the skies like a potent poison. It swirled around the heart of the heavens to dissolve the blue and grey, but the heavens fought back. Thunderous strokes blew across the sky in pockets of bane; irregular, and unhealthy.
The doctor leaned out of the helicopter with his camera. Even though it was dark, the dunes had their luminescence. They whizzed by as the aircraft gained speed. Two photographs were taken, no more when the first drops from the sky touched the helicopter. With each drop, the Geiger counter screamed. He did not even dare look at the reading on the device. The mission had to be accomplished, no matter the cost.
The pilot pressed a button somewhere in the cockpit and the doors sealed shut.
The doctor examined the photographs he had taken. It was an infrared camera, and it clearly showed what they were looking for.
The doctor pressed a series of buttons and the relative co-ordinates were sent to the helicopter’s guidance system.
After a minute, the pilot swerved in for the final approach. The pit of the doctor’s stomach felt low, and he licked his lips. What he was about to do was very important. It was necessary for the empire to obtain the last store of enriched uranium left, but that was just a rumour. What waited at the extinct facility was not in the doctor’s knowledge. Any radioactive elements present below the dunes needed to be in control of the empire. They needed absolute control of all assets, especially of those that could be used to isolate. For a world empire to survive, it needs control. Absolute, methodical control. Formally, that was why the doctor was there. To ensure stability with anarchy.
The blades pulsed slower in exertion as they tilted towards the target, parting the rain efficiently into a mist. The doctor licked his lips again with nerves; it was a dream for all regulators. To manage a site which had been forgotten for almost two hundred years, and it was to the doctor a beautiful thing. It glowed beneath the sand like a pearl in the lenses of his camera. Strangely, his equipment had also detected a recent storm of alpha particles. The facility was destabilizing, which had led the interest of the scientists back at the capital. Even small amounts of radon gas were detected in the measured spectrums, which indicated radium. It surely had to be a nuclear research facility, and the thought made the doctor tingle. He was only allowed to work with small samples of his favourite elements, small slithers that even the most famous scientists were envious of.
“I’m coming, my bellus.”
*
The pilot was weary when he landed the aircraft. The wind was blowing strongly, pushing his reach over the controls. He landed it when there was a part in the wind, and as soon as the helicopter touched down, the doors were opened, allowing a rush of ionizing radiation to cause havoc with the Geiger counter.
The doctor’s protective clothing was the most sophisticated item at disposal. His research team of nuclear physicists had created a material that used manipulated fluorine gas to bond to subjugating alpha particles. When more alpha particles came into reach of the fluorine gas, a timed magnetic field broke apart previous bonds to difficultly allow more radiation to be absorbed and re-emitted.
The doctor was not worried about the radiation when he stepped onto the sand; he instead was worried about the proper entrance to the facility below him. The sand lay straight ahead, the drone of the helicopter’s slowing blades the only alien sound. No life, none at all.
The blades fell silent, allowing the doctor the space to think. He walked back to the helicopter and produced a plain shovel. He needed to adjust his bearings; if he was on the roof of the facility, then he would act accordingly. No other person accompanied them, it was the way the doctor liked it.
He took out a safety line from the back of the helicopter and attached it to the skids before himself, allowing the walk across the sand. The pilot was radioing back to the main camp, which left the doctor to do the hard work. He began to feel hot in his clothes. It was the radiation, but he knew that his body was safe until the fluorine gas formed permanent bonds. His carbon dioxide levels were monitored so that his blood pressure remained constant; the oxygen concentration increased as he neared the centre of his pearl.
He took out the infrared camera to see his own leg suddenly fall through the ground. The safety rope caught on the tension, preventing him from falling face first. The sand wasn’t as deep as he had thought; it sent a chill down his spine.
“Are you alright doctor?” came a voice over the radio.
“This sand is very thin, we must reposition the helicopter. We don’t know if this will hold.”
The pilot didn’t wait for another word, and started the engines. Something wasn’t right.
The doctor heard his heart beating deeply inside his chest.
“Hurry doctor,” said the pilot as the blades powered to full torque, but something was out of place, and the doctor couldn’t shake that feeling. He peered around at the surrounding dunes and saw a glint coming off something in the sky.
“Get out of here!” shouted the doctor, struggling to free his leg. The roar of the jet pierced the sound of his heartbeat, and he looked in horror at the sudden burst of fire coming from the nose of the aircraft. The 50 calibre rounds tore through the soft desert sand, carving a line directly to the helicopter.
The pilot couldn’t wait for the doctor to free his leg, and pulled the helicopter backwards. The safety line quickly tensed, and the doctor was ripped out of his position slowly. Tendons in his leg screamed when the full weight of the helicopter bored on the safety line. Bones creaked as the geometrical incoherency forced biology to adapt, finally making up its mind when the bone snapped. The doctor screamed in pain just to feel the oxygen tank on his back dig into the sand.
It was too late.
The first bullets slammed into the helicopter cockpit; tearing through the front seats and right into the engine. A black cloud billowed from the engine suddenly, and instead of an efficient whine there came an unhealthy crunching. The pilot struggled to remain in control of the helicopter while the doctor was dragged underneath it, but it was a losing battle. With each metre, the doctor was being dragged further from his dream and into the depths of the lifeless desert. His dangerous dreams had caught him by the hand. There was one less threat to the rebels of the empire, one less regulator. Yet the doctor was not a puppet of the regime, he was not even a doctor; but he had his own agendas.
The helicopter finally fell through the sand, and disappeared with a drop of efficiency.
Chapter 2
“Have you slept at all in the past days?”
“No.”
“Why?”
“Why not?”
“Sir, I need to tell you that you collapsed last week from exhaustion – that is why you must sleep. I will prescribe sleeping tablets for you; we’ll cure this – have no worry.”
“I don’t want to be cured.”
“Alright son,” he said with a sigh. “We’ll see you tomorrow.”
The psychiatrist was at the end of his frustration, and only his watch kept him from going mad. He glanced at it briefly, only to attract the attention of his patient’s eye. The blue, wisp-tipped haemorrhaging in those eyes stared continuously at the psychiatrist. Certain distractions had been placed: a pendulum on the desk, the emphasising light, but nothing would distract those eyes.
 The psychiatrist was paid very handsomely every time he saw the patient, and each time the money grew more. Naturally, he had grown desperate for an answer to the question. Every psychiatrist in the country had tried – and he was the very best.
“Leave, son. Try to sleep – I beg of you.” It was the first time he had begged anyone.
“I will try doctor, but I can only try. Don’t wish for the best.”
The patient left.
And that patient was Julian Gralso; the second wealthiest person in the world.
Gralso climbed into the waiting car and was glad to hear the soft pinging made by the automatic climate control, his leg hurt from the events of the previous year. Stem cell treatment had worked well to repair and replace most of the damaged and highly radiated tissue.
Gralso was a man of science. It was relaxing for him to take in every detail of his world, and it had become an exercise of great importance; it made him feel like the successful regulator he was destined to become. Destiny had failed him, and the terrible dreams of the hellish five days he had experienced in the desert - he opened his eyes with shock. The seat sensed the changes in electro-conductivity made by his sweat to adjust the temperature and humidity. It relaxed him, and he sighed.
Think Gralso, he hinted to himself. No psychiatrist would ever cure him, only his own science would. Memories of his wife always appeared in his sleep, and he had tried to find why the neural re-organisation therapy hadn’t cured him of these memories. They had offered to remove part of his brain, but Gralso knew that his wife would never leave his tortured mind. All he could do was hope age would help him forget.
The car lurched forward, tempting the scientist once more. The automated cars ran on a different network to the normal, piloted vehicle system. The system almost resembled the train network, where a computer (accompanied by a supervisor) managed the different cars and their destinations.
A unique method of prioritization was devised so that the person with the biggest wallet (and the biggest importance) would arrive at his or her destination first.
It relied on the port system (similar to that of a computer network), where a port was opened whenever a new user entered the network. This user was given a reference, or order, generated by an algorithm designed to take in the time when the port was opened, the precise distance to the destination and the line which the port was opened on.
Any person could join the network. Standard ports were not very expensive but not too cheap, it cost $1000 a month, (which would have been $5000 a century ago) and that did not guarantee a consistent journey.
Gralso had taken a medium port for the day; he wanted a bit of slowness added to his routine. Even though he was not usually charged, (as Gralso had funded the new automatic interspace) he wanted to pay for it; the pleasant process of spending money was worth $2000.
When his name and port number was processed, he still had preference over swiftness.
The car needed to get to an interspace in order to achieve full speed, but on the road it only travelled at a meagre velocity of 120 kilometres per hour (as long as it avoided the buffer zones). Gralso browsed along the many cars stuck in the Monday traffic; thin wisps of water vapour coming from the hydrogen powered cars. Petrol was deemed very fragile and inefficient, yet people continued to use it. Now, a heavy tax had been issued to anyone driving a petrol powered car, but it symbolised rebellion; and some – if you were rich enough to own petrol – chose to use it freely.
The vehicle sped up in a gradual acceleration, pinging every now and then to reassure its occupants of safety.
Gralso closed his eyes and was met by another dream. He slowly stopped breathing, directing his subconscious attention to every detail of the aircraft which had attacked the helicopter in the desert. A year previously it had been clearer to him, his mind had faded. He clawed at the memory, trying to grasp it.
“Sir?”
Gralso shook himself awake to see that he had stopped; a servant looking through the open door.
Gralso cleared his throat and stepped out of the vehicle. The building in front of him was an elegant edifice that stretched above the coast, accompanied by gusts of salty wind. He let the air play with the beads of sweat on his face for only a few seconds more before stepping across the grand, red carpet.
He felt safe in his tuxedo, as if it was deflecting the intense radiation bathing the atmosphere of the event.
“Evening,” greeted Gralso’s friend as he walked up to the red carpet. “We won’t be seeing anymore lectures this evening?”
“I don’t want to bore my guests any more than you, if you indeed make a conscious effort, of course.”
“You haven’t lost your charm at all, Julian. Why don’t you join our table for tonight? You always stand by that bar, waiting for something.”
“Maybe he will arrive,” said Gralso, feeling the pain in his leg return.
They walked together across the carpet, guards stood with pistols by their sides and hidden earpieces buzzing the night’s updates. There were many guards, but there were many guests. The building was the perfect temperature for Gralso; pristine marble floors and elegant hand blown glass chandeliers threw light in all the right places.
Gralso headed for the bar.
On sight of him, the bartender quickly poured the usual drink. 99.9% pure water. No solutes, no flavour, just the crispness of an undercooled liquid, exactly -5 degrees. He needed his awareness.
He took the drink and gulped down half, coughing as he cringed at the coldness. You had to drink the liquid fast before any impurities caused nucleation points for ice crystals to form. Alcohol always ruined the concentration on his leg, so he usually avoided it - it was also primitive to consume any bi-products of fungal decomposition.
He watched all the people in the crowd. They flaunted with each other, but Gralso was not paying attention to what they were doing. He looked at their faces. He knew the man would be there that night.
“Julian Gralso?” asked a woman. Gralso turned to see who she was, and he was stunned. She was dressed in a deep blue dress, her elegant pose holding every strand of it together with correctness. Biologically, it was designed for her. Her face was smooth, she had blue eyes as pure as Gralso’s drink, and her lips curved impossibly with infinite density.
But Gralso did not care; he was waiting for a facilitator. For the last four years he had been trying to reach him. It was still puzzling why after such a length Gralso had not received what he wanted - an unusual feeling.
“I’m busy at the moment,” he finally said.
She smiled, and sat down.
“Every man in this room is busy, except you.” She leaned in towards him, but Gralso looked away.
“Lovely evening,” he smiled, but the woman was bored, the perfect opportunity.
“Listen, I’m expecting a man tonight to meet me here. I have to be alone if he’s going to recognise me.”
She flicked her hair, making the air tingle with the scent of lavender.
“No apologies… you aren’t going to meet a man, though.”
Her figure slid away through the crowd, and Gralso watched in confusion - her face looked familiar.
*
The door closed noisily and Gralso sped his pace to keep up with her.
“Mr Gralso, you really are a patient man.”
“Where is it?” he asked with childish longing, and she just laughed before taking off one of her earrings, breaking a certain section and slipping out the hidden vial. It contained a dense substance; the vial was hot to touch.
“The containment unit was more expensive than the uranium, really - I don’t get why you’re so interested in it.” She handed the vial over, and Gralso immediately grabbed it delicately.
“This is one of the rarest concentrated isotopes of natural uranium - one of the most radioactive. The scientific interest that this could draw is spectacular. She-”
Gralso quickly caught himself, and straightened.
The woman cleared her throat, and Gralso produced the money, sealed in an airtight bag.
“I don’t want money, Julian,” she said, addressing him by his first name. “That can’t get anything nowadays.”
Gralso didn’t seem distracted.
“That’s unfortunately not what we agreed on; we’ll re-schedule your payment for another time then.”
“That’s not necessary,” she said. “I just want you to introduce me to a friend of yours.”
Gralso looked up.
“Introductions can be a dangerous affair, especially with your expertise.”
She smiled.
“It is a very distant friend, of course.”
She did not wait for an answer before going back through the door and into the dining room; Gralso followed impatiently. She walked behind a table and tapped a man on the shoulder. The man turned to see her beauty, and didn’t hesitate to stand up. Gralso stood by the end of the table, waiting for instructions.
She took out her pistol and shot the man through the shoulder twice. Both rounds ripped through the man and buried into Gralso’s chest.
Gralso collapsed to the floor and the woman ran over before tucking the gun into Gralso’s jacket; the blood starting to stain his shirt.
“With all your wealth, you could have been the highest bidder.”
With that, she started moving away, and Gralso collapsed into unconsciousness.
Chapter 3
“Gralso?”
There was that sound again, thought Gralso. Again. Am I dreaming?
“Gralso you stubborn… wake up!”
There was a murmur around the hospital bed.
“I’ll divert some brain activity. There, he should come around now.”
Gralso felt a pain increasing in his chest, and he finally opened his eyes. The sound of the hospital machines became suddenly much louder, but when Gralso tried to speak, it was as if he had forgotten how. It made him alarmed, and the heart rate monitor began to blink increasingly faster.
The doctor squinted at Gralso.
“I’m enabling some of your muscles again, so you’ll be able to talk in a few moments.”
The blinking levelled out, and Gralso tried to move his hands, but the same thing happened. He had forgotten how to move.
“There, you should be able to talk now.”
Nothing happened, and the doctor played around with his tablet computer.
“Be patient, this is new to me - ah yes, you can speak now.”
Suddenly, Gralso felt pins and needles flooding through his brain. It wasn’t a pleasant experience.
“What have you done to me?” he rasped, and the doctor turned as cheerful as when he had been at the dinner with Gralso.
“Hello to you too. Why do you keep landing here, Gralso?”
“How lucky was I this time, doctor?”
“The bullet that you took was quite…”
“Painful,” Gralso completed.
“No…very light. To tell you the truth, it didn’t at all puncture your skin.”
Gralso felt relieved, but realized something.
“Why am I hooked up like this then?”
The doctor bristled in excitement.
“It’s called a Neural Activity Management System, or NAMS. Very exciting stuff. It allows us to control your heart rate, temperature, homeostasis, emotions, pain - monitor your oxygen levels, blood flow.”
“To hell with the science, doctor.”
The doctor paused to look at his tablet, punching in a few commands. Gralso felt himself relax.
“One lung collapsed.”
Gralso laughed, intoxicated by the sudden rush of emotions.
“She did take my breath away.”
“Severe haemorrhaging, a rib fragmented and a splinter is lodged just by your heart’s right atrium.”
“How you amuse me, doctor!” Gralso laughed nonsensically.
The doctor tapped away at his tablet and suddenly Gralso felt the most intense pain he had ever felt. He jerked his body, and screamed as his heart felt like it had been stabbed by needles. His lung felt like it had exploded, and his leg screamed in agony. Pins and needles washed his brain, and it was suddenly gone.
Gralso slumped back into his hospital bed, panting with horror.
“That’s how badly you’ve been hurt, Gralso,” the doctor said sadly. “But it will heal, trust me on that. In the meantime, you’re being fed a more nutritious blood, and you know the regular stem cell treatment. As for your lung, we’ll re-inflate it once the tissue heals - for now, you are running on one, so we’ll have to keep you in a mentally dormant state.”
“A coma,” Gralso said.
“You won’t even notice that you’ve been asleep.”
*
When Gralso woke again, he immediately sat up in his hospital bed. All the machines were gone, but he had a splitting headache. He felt along his neck to feel the many puncture wounds caused by the NAMS. He had begun to hate it; even through his coma which had left him feeling as fresh as he did many years ago. He felt his leg, and he noticed something peculiar; no pain, no anguish. The tissue was repaired, but the pain had been a way for Gralso to remember the past, to forget about his wife.
“Gralso.” Gralso turned to expect the doctor, but he was greeted by his father instead.
“Father, you didn’t have to come all this way.”
The man smiled.
“It’s my job to keep you safe, and my work was boring me, so I came to see you.”
Gralso looked down at his sheets.
“This is the first time, isn’t it?”
The man nodded sadly.
“I’m a very busy man, Gralso. To more pressing matters, however. You haven’t told anyone what happened to you. What did happen?”
Gralso rolled his head.
“I was acquiring something, and the deal went bad.”
“You were outbid; I’m surprised someone wanted you dead,” Tulpher Gralso smiled. “You have always used the empire for your personal needs, and when I am gone, you will be left to govern the world. I sometimes shudder to think what you might make of this family.”
“Father,” Gralso interrupted, but there was no stopping the most powerful man in the world.
“I consolidate myself by thinking that you are still young, and stupid. There is no power in the world to stop you from killing yourself Gralso, and I cannot keep running after you forever.”
Gralso looked painfully at the man. He was dressed in an immaculate charcoal grey suit with a fat face and thinning, white hair. The man had been accompanied by his own private militia, a division of the military catering for presidential requirements.
“Did you neutralize the radioactive site? Did you destroy it like I asked you to?”
Gralso’s father looked anxiously at his son.
“The winter has set in. There is no stopping the winds, and no expedition can go against the November dust storms.”
Gralso nodded. It was the first time he had seen his father in a year, and the short visits were never favourable. Gralso did not know who the president was, he only saw the heavily covered and masked images; few saw the president for more than ten minutes at a time, even a son. Gralso was happy for it, though. His life was always casual.
“I have to go now, Gralso,” the stranger smiled, taking his son’s hand.
“Perhaps next year?” Gralso asked sarcastically, but the man took it seriously.
“The world is too big for us to stumble into each other.”
With that, he left, leaving Gralso alone again. His guards were never seen. He was not a public figure; no one knew that Julian Gralso was in hospital or that his wife had gone missing. No one knew - but some did.
The doctor came back into the room.
He went to Gralso and stood by his bed, putting down the famous tablet computer.
“How are you feeling?”
Gralso did not know how to answer, and the emotional welt from his father’s hand left him broken.
“My life has no purpose.”
The doctor walked over and closed the door, suddenly blocking out sounds Gralso hadn’t even noticed before.
“We searched you top to bottom when you came in, I thought you would have asked for them by now.”
Gralso suddenly realized.
“My uranium.”
The doctor smiled and handed over the clay block. Gralso removed the vial, but when it was in front of him, he was disappointed.
“You didn’t expect me to keep radioactive materials in a hospital, did you?”
Gralso slumped back into his bed.
“You’ve made me worse, doctor.”
“We also found this.” Gralso barely looked up, but what he saw startled him. A postcard. It was not something Gralso had taken with; he had never seen it before.
“No, that’s not mine.”
“Oh yes it is. I took it from you at the dinner, very strange. I haven’t seen a postcard in a long time.”
Gralso snatched the cardboard from the doctor and looked at it. There was no picture, nothing.
“I would keep that very safe if I was you,” the doctor said in a grim tone. Gralso crumpled the cardboard and stored it in his pocket quickly. The way the doctor had talked made him nervous.
The doctor went to the back of the room, taking a book from the bookshelf opposite the hospital bed. A nurse walked in through the door, and Gralso struggled to look at her face, she had her back turned to him.
The nurse took a bottle of milky white liquid from the cupboard, and drew some of it into her injection.
“Your father was my friend for many years before he…” the doctor looked at the nurse, before heading over to his friend’s bed and sitting down.
“Why do you keep doing this to yourself? I always wonder why. First the un-expected sandstorm in the desert, now this. Your endeavours have receded over the years yet you still try. Give up this dream of yours, this hopeless pursuit. You can never reverse the past; you can never bring your wife back. Fools are those who search in the sky for a grave, Gralso.”
Gralso rubbed his arm.
“You always know what to say doctor, to poison your patients with your wisdom.”
The doctor laughed.
“My poison has no effect on you Gralso, but consider this. You are certainly bound to become your father’s predecessor, and an opportunity on such scale is foolish to simply discard. If you do manage to land in the high chair, your project will become much easier.”
“No,” Gralso said sourly, and the doctor nodded.
“I see. You would search for your wife even if I showed you her corpse, but the search is already too painful for you, Gralso. There are other ways to avoid the memory of your wife, there are other ways to search for the unsearchable; and as a friend, I will guide you through the dark. I will show you that she is dead, and I will teach you how to forgive her.”
The doctor stood up and the nurse slid up to the bed with the injection.
Gralso flinched as the cool glove touched his arm.
“Relax, you’ll be in good hands.” The doctor blinked, staring coldly into his friend’s eye. Gralso looked into the nurse’s face, but it was well hidden with determination. He did catch a whiff of lavender though. His heart rate doubled within moments, but it only took a second for the drug to take effect.
Chapter 4
The world blurred in front of Gralso as he tried to take in all the light. It was hard work for him, but he had practised in the past with his slow mind. He forced his eyes open, and he could see the facilitator who had tried to kill him; the doctor wheeled the bed through the hospital. The facilitator looked professional, and kept a hand grasped around Gralso’s. It confused him, but he knew that the gentle warmth coming from her hand was just an act, and his friend had betrayed him. He was certain of that.
He blacked out again, but only for a moment. When he forced his eyes open for the second time, the blades of a helicopter could be seen beating the November chill into his face, the pilot was also a traitor. The bed was hauled onto the helicopter while Gralso could do nothing to stop it; he was alone, and it frustrated him that his heart couldn’t beat faster to keep up with his fear. The doctor was nowhere to be seen, and the doors that suddenly closed made his thoughts clearer to comprehend. The helicopter was lifting off, and he could feel that it was going to fly in the wrong direction; away from the sun, and into the darkness.
*
Suddenly Gralso was on his feet. It is a strange and unusual feeling to suddenly be awake on your feet. The cold was the first thing he felt, it was the most terrible cold. With each second he could feel something even colder drop onto his skin, which burned warmly. Then the sounds flooded his mind: a dog barking somewhere not too far away, and the whimpers and coughs of humans. He was not the only one.
Then everything came to him at once. He was suspended by a rope attached to his back, hanging limply above the ground. A black hood encompassed his vision. He could smell the musty material lingering around him, and could feel it. He could not feel his toes. Gralso swung his legs quickly, and he felt the rope straining, but he could also hear the clanking of metal as he swung himself. It was the metal railing he was attached to. He tried not to panic, but he could feel that familiar and easy feeling welling up inside him. No, he could not panic.
Surprisingly, he found that he could move his arms, and he inspected himself from head to toe. He wanted to find the postcard the doctor had given him. Instead, he found the hunting knife. It and its sheath had been attached to his leg.
He removed the well-oiled knife, and brought it over his head to the rope. It felt just like any material rope, but Gralso could immediately feel the nylon.
How can it be that heavy?
He took the sharp edge of his knife and pressed it into the material. It was relatively soft until he hit the hard metal - just as he suspected. However, he could hear the others sawing at their ropes. They were just blunting valuable tools, essential to survival.
He felt around his body to the brace that held the rope in place on his back. He didn’t even have to test with the knife to feel the cool sting of metal beneath the cloth coverings. There was no way he could get through the brace; even the hood around his head was Kevlar, and attached tightly to the metal. There was no way he could enable his vision either.
He tried experimenting with the rope. He swung in different directions, hearing the noise that was made in each path. Each time there was a metallic grating sound.
Being a scientist, Gralso rationalized his surroundings. He let himself become still. The swinging made him receive blood to his toes, and it was the first time he could feel the ground when he stretched. It was good; it meant that he was suspended only slightly above the ground. He then swung in one direction. One quick swing, and then he stopped, letting physics take hold of him. Without stretching his toes, he let himself swing from one direction to another. Suddenly, his toes grated on the ground when he swung past his rest point, and he let himself become still again.
It was a major find. He thought carefully, but the cold wasn’t doing him any good.
If the rope was lower when he swung in a certain direction, it could only mean that the ground was at a slight angle. He thought of the angle in his head.
Wait.
Gralso swung himself in the direction where he touched the ground, and surely he did, but he did not feel a gradient of any kind as his toes grated against the ground; he only felt smooth, straight ice. He also noticed something peculiar. The rope caught against its holding when he swung in that direction. The rope was on a pivoting hook, and the drop of the rope in one direction coupled with the quick release of tension could only mean one thing.
He swung himself hard to build momentum in the direction where he did not touch the ground, and sped towards the direction where he grated across the ground. After repeated swinging, he had created serious momentum, and his stomach muscles ached as he went for the final approach. The rope caught against its holding, but carried on, straining as the force almost brought Gralso in line with the railing.
The hook snapped off, allowing Gralso with his momentum to fly into oblivion; he hoped that he was not on a cliff. The ground slammed into him hard, taking the breath right out of his lungs and making the hook swing dangerously close to his face.
He had landed in ice, and cold water seeped into his skin and hair as his breath warmed the snow.
He shook violently when he climbed up shakily from the ice; he was at a real risk from hypothermia.
The cold wind embraced the sweat on his back, and he realized that the brace holding the rope in place was interwoven with the rope in such a way, the weight of the person secured his capture - and the only way for a person to escape, was to free the rope. Gralso went to work on freeing himself from the contraption, making the hood loose on his face. He took out the knife and tore a hole into the back of the hood. It could have meant the difference between frostbite, but he needed to see.
After a struggle, Gralso finally freed himself from the hood and the brace, ripping off the material to breathe in the fresh, cold air. He took the hook in for the first time. It was different to any hook Gralso had ever seen. A bizarre spring mechanism was integrated so that the rope behaved strangely in a certain axis of motion.
Gralso realized that with the entire setup, there was only one way to escape - luckily Gralso had found it quickly enough.
He looked for the first time at his surroundings, snow drifting lightly around him. They were standing on a lake, trees of a deciduous forest surrounding them. He had shared the metal railing with eight others; only two of them still struggled with their ropes, desperately trying to free themselves. The others remained still. Either they hadn’t woken up, or they had passed out in exertion - or worse.
“Save your strength,” rasped Gralso, breath misting in front of him as he quickly walked over to the metal structure through the snow on his bare feet, they were very numb. On the sound of Gralso’s voice, the strugglers were silent. Unsure if he was an enemy.
He walked over to a still person and shook him. Dead, Gralso thought.
He could see that the third person in the row was breathing heavily, so he went over.
“Put your hands together tightly,” said Gralso, but the person was apprehensive.
“What do you want?” she asked suspiciously. She was young, probably in her twenties.
“I want to help, and if we’re ever going to get out of this alive, we need to trust each other. My name is Gralso, and a minute ago I was in the same position as you.”
“I thought I heard something snap, you’re alright though?”
“I’m sure some brisk Russian air can cure some of my ailments.”
She put her hands together tightly and Gralso stepped onto them.
“So that’s where you think we are? Russia?”
“What else would be frozen in November? Besides, I can tell you’ve got a slight Russian accent.”
“’I’m actually Italian; and you think I just came here and hooked myself up for the hell of it?”
“No.”
Gralso put his second foot on the woman’s shoulder and proceeded to step onto the railing itself.
“I think that someone’s playing a game with us, and what fun would the game be if there weren’t interesting players?”
Gralso positioned himself carefully, and crawled to the item on the structure which had caused the interest. It was a quick release pin, and Gralso was nervous when he grasped it.
“Ready?” asked Gralso; and the Italian nodded.
When the structure collapsed, Gralso couldn’t avoid falling in-between the mass of bodies. Only two of them kicked to free themselves, and Gralso only needed to stand back before they pulled themselves from each other.
A spotlight exploded above them, and they squinted to hear the sounds of hundreds of cocking weapons.
They all turned around to face the man rocking on his feet.
“Hello, hello.”
Gralso’s heart sank; it was his friend - the doctor.
Gralso charged forward, angry.
“You son of a zygote!” he shouted, but was met with a loud crack as one of the soldiers that suddenly surrounded discharged his weapon, hitting Gralso on the leg.
He screamed as he felt the pain suddenly envelop his thigh, falling to the ground quickly.
“Let’s all be civil,” said the doctor.
Gralso whimpered as a strong African man hauled him up from the floor.
“I have to show you something,” said the doctor, before waving the group to join him. Gralso couldn’t believe what his friend was doing as he hobbled after with the help of the man.
“Thanks, friend,” Gralso said under his breath to the supporting man.
“My name is Corpult.” It was a Cockney accent.
The doctor waved his followers forward as they walked through the forest not for long, finally coming to a large warehouse.
The soldier who had fired upon Gralso trailed behind the group, and forced them to go inside the large metal building.
When inside, the doors closed and the high lighting pinged on, illuminating the doctor while he paced in excitement.
“I welcome all of you to this very, very unique event!”
They all breathed the warm air gratefully, taking in their surroundings. Gralso still could not feel his toes.
“You shot me doctor.”
The doctor was pleased with the mentioning of this.
“Are you really injured?”
Gralso looked down at his leg and was surprised to see no blood streaming from the wound he had felt just seconds ago, nothing.
“What did you do to me?”
“That is not important, and if you haven’t noticed, you aren’t the only one in your group, so if you would allow me to address you all in a civil manner, we can make progress.”
Gralso stepped back in line with the others of the group.
“Welcome, and I shall be very brief, and this will be a shock to all of you, so pay attention,” said the doctor, and he began to pace again.
“Throughout the centuries, man has struggled to gain more power in his world. By annexation, empires grew stronger. By murder, kings grew richer, and by more economic growth and wealth, a country can become a trusted leader. Democracy can also be very important in this process. It creates freedom, goodwill and unity amongst a country (especially in a global model), and when a single empire is in control of the world, the use of democracy, dictatorship, totalitarianism or communism can be very risky indeed.
“How can one entrust the world to a single man or woman? It is often thought of as ludicrous, and disastrous - and this is correct. Throughout the centuries of growth, this system grows more and more unstable. Even though there are many fail-safes in place - many channels of political decision, to ensure a properly functioning model, the leader has to have a certain untouched power. If you entrust a human to govern the world, it becomes unstable. That is why our organization exists, one which you have never heard of, and one which you will now stand the chance of being recruited into.”
“What if we don’t want to be part of this organization?” asked the Italian woman next to Gralso.
The doctor turned to face her.
“You would have already been taken out of the program, so currently, none of you do not want to be part of this organization.”
“How do you know?” asked the woman incredulously. “We don’t even know what the organisation does!”
“It is part of the selection process, and I shall not explain any further. When you commence your training, you will finally find out why you want to be part of this process.”
“Can you tell us what the organization does?” asked Corpult, his burly hulk intimidating Gralso as he breathed.
“It will be my delight,” replied the doctor before continuing. “As I was saying earlier, the human being can only have a certain amount of power before any minor mistake throws the world balance into chaos, and this organisation is there to make sure the leaders of today never make the slightest of mistakes. That means being in charge of their security, their decisions - being skilled in the art of psychological warfare - and finally, being the masters of chance. If you control the destiny of a person, how can he or she make a mistake?”
“I want out,” said Gralso, but the doctor smiled.
“Remember what I’ve just said, and it will make this process much easier. You’re a man of science, so act like one. As for the rest of you, you are all intelligent and experienced enough to make your own fate. For now, I will leave you to think, and you are all wondering whether this organisation is in fact plausible let alone existent - but I assure you, it is quite real.” The doctor left with a smile on his face, but he remembered something and turned.
“There are only three spaces you are competing for. Oh, and I forgot to mention. Your training is inseparably linked to others. If you fail, other trainees will be tested before you are given the chance to try again. You will also be handicapped, so be prepared.” The doctor finally left.
It just left the three of them confused in the middle of the warehouse.
“What do we do now?” asked the woman, Gralso was already running out of the building. He leaned out of the metal door, but everything was quiet, the doctor and the soldiers had disappeared.
“Let’s get out of here,” Corpult said before noticing the woman. “Who are you?”
She was apprehensive to give her name, but when Gralso joined them again, she was more comfortable.
“Idalina, my name is Idalina.”
Gralso looked at her. Something was puzzling him, and he decided to ignore it for the current moment, but his mind was suddenly filled with memories again.
“Let’s move on then, we have to find out what’s going on.”
“Whoa, don’t jump too soon,” Idalina interrupted with her slight Italian accent, she had the most dazzling green eyes in Gralso’s mind. “How do I know who to trust?”
Corpult, Gralso and Idalina formed a triangle as they looked at each other.
“We’re all in this training; those people knew who each of us were,” Gralso said, wanting to trust Idalina.
“Yes,” Corpult said, turning to Gralso. He was made of muscle, his height was not modest, and a handful of slight scars on his face showed rough wear, “that guy got really cosy with our friend here. How do we know you’re not a foe?” Corpult’s accent made his bulk seem less, and his personality more friendly.
“A foe? Come now, are we really that childish?” Gralso said, denying his every instinct.
“What we need is measures, all of us for our safety. Each one of us could be ill-natured.” Her voice made Gralso tingle.
“And you’re coming to that conclusion now? I could have left you hanging like murdered swine you ungrateful imbeciles.”
He thought the hurt approach would make the situation better, but his outburst hadn’t changed the atmosphere. Idalina stared with her cold stare and Corpult was looking at Gralso carefully.
“Come on, give us a reason.”
Gralso looked at each of his companions and searched for an answer that never came, something else did.
“How do you two know how to trust each other?”
Corpult looked at Idalina quickly.
“I don’t know, we…” Corpult answered, but Idalina recovered.
“We’ve seen each other, somewhere. I can’t recall, but his face is as clear as when I first saw it.”
Gralso laughed.
“At least I know you’re very trusting, but you must recognize me in some way!”
Corpult looked at Gralso again.
“You don’t have a face I can remember, I only remember the scars that come with them. It makes it easier.” Corpult bunched his fist, and the leather glove he was wearing screamed in agony.
“But I can recognize the scar in a voice. Royal handicap, a fine sight that,” Corpult finished painfully.
“Sorry, you aren’t making sense,” Idalina said, but Gralso smiled.
“We finally understand each other.” He offered his hand to Corpult.
He turned, and Idalina was there; Gralso stared into her eyes for the first time, and could see something in-between the green clouds with their embroidered silver linings. She also stared into his, and she looked unsure of what to find. Gralso quickly walked away, and started denying what was clearly in front of him.
Idalina followed, catching Gralso by the shoulder and pushing him against the side of the warehouse.
“Listen, I don’t know why he’s allowing you to come with us, but I don’t like the sight of you. What’s your cover story? You probably don’t have a family.” Idalina snarled.
“My mother is dead,” Gralso replied, pushing Idalina’s hand away, “and my father is as good to me as dead. Does that satisfy you? Does that give you something to make a fool out of yourself with?”
“Easy,” Corpult said, confused at how both of their moods had changed so abruptly. He let Gralso storm off into the distance.
“He won’t get away with that,” Idalina said, ripping free from Corpult and running athletically after Gralso.
Gralso dropped down from a slight rock ledge, and Idalina was not far behind.
“He said you were a man of science, what are you really?”
“I’m a nuclear physicist, what occupation do you hold?”
“I’m also a scientist, a biochemist.”
“You don’t look like a biochemist to me,” Gralso said.
“And you look like a physicist?”
“What kind of question is that?”
Idalina shook her head in disgust.
“You’re a real piece of work, do you know that?”
Gralso stared at her.
“Which university did you go to then?”
“Copperfield,” she replied harshly.
Gralso stopped, suddenly seeing what was in Idalina’s eyes.
“I also went to Copperfield.”
“What a nice co-incidence for you,” she said, and hurried on.
“But you must have seen me there, I was given the top distinction in my class - you might have seen my wife.”
“Ha! Prizes are for those who set them, I wasn’t interested, and I’m not interested now.”
“You should know a scientist when you see one, Idalina. Look at me now and tell me if I’m not what you think I am.”
“You are exactly what I think you are!” She paused, and Gralso continued ahead, his expression was one of anger and hurt; Idalina couldn’t stop but wish her darkest thoughts weren’t true, yet she needed them to be.
Chapter 5
The sound of footsteps echoed through the empty gorge. They were in a weird place. It was cold and hostile, but the trees would grow anywhere that wasn’t populated with rock. The slight cracks in the mountainside made for an easy descent, but a weary journey. Especially for a group who’s trust was starting to harden, while the sparks of Idalina were reheating the metal until nearly molten.
“What can a person sabotage really at this point?” Idalina said aloud. “A traitor would wait until the end before stabbing us in our backs.”
Gralso lead the way through the shrubbery, and he smiled on hearing Idalina in her rant, she resembled a person Gralso knew with bizarre realism. His anger had worn away with each comment made by Idalina, and each void response by Gralso.
“A traitor would dribble his words to not make sense, do you feel the urge again, Gralso?”
Gralso stopped and turned, making the others also halt behind him.
“Well, I’m glad you’re calling me by my name instead of dog or any other foreign animal you called me by earlier.”
“Even a dog has a name, Gralso,” Idalina responded, and pushed past him violently, making him stumble against Corpult.
They watched her storm off further down the path.
“Take my word for it; she’ll come to her senses alone,” Corpult said while Gralso straightened.
“Why haven’t you told her? It’s not like I can tell her myself,” Gralso said under a hushed voice.
Corpult contemplated it.
“I might have my reasons, but it’s proper fun watching her tear you apart.”
Gralso took his weight off Corpult and inspected his arm to find the source of the sudden pain.
He took hold of the thorn and ripped it out, allowing a trickle of blood to wind its way down his arm. The pain made him laugh, but it was painful. He was growing fond of Idalina.
They headed off again down the path. The sun shone and heated the trees to persuade an aroma into the air. They all smelt it, the simple pleasure making them again relaxed.
“You’re a biochemist, what was your first job?”
“You’ve already done your research, Gralso. Don’t ask me.”
“Well, I’m asking you now because I don’t know you.”
“Then why do I feel like I know you, and you know me, yet you pretend not to know me. I feel like you were in my mind, lost, but now you have retuned again. I believe you are a demon, and nothing you can say will ever change my hatred for you.”
Gralso grabbed Idalina by the arm.
“When I first looked into your eyes, there was something there that I couldn’t quite explain. Someone was there, but muddled with a consciousness not even the most copious judgements could unravel. I’ll ask again, who are you really?”
Idalina looked at Gralso with an angry expression, and kept walking. She turned around, and this time was as angry as ever.
“You do try hard Gralso, but you know very well who I am. What does that make you then?”
“A fool,” Gralso said, and he had kept walking, but now came face to face with Idalina. He stared into her eyes and she stared into his again. The constellations burning through each other as both sets of eyes competed for the light. Idalina’s eyes were submerged in slight liquid flame.
“It makes you dangerous,” she completed.
They carried on walking, but it wasn’t the same as before. Idalina walked briskly, faster than ever, leaving Gralso and Corpult behind by some distance.
“I don’t think she’ll ever come to her senses, if there are any left in her body.”
The sunlight was odd in such a cold place, but the cold was welcome to Gralso.
A noise suddenly penetrated the surrounding ambient chorus.
 It sounded like an engine, and it was. Gralso combed the edges of the gorge and spotted a reflection of the sun through the trees. The reflection was travelling fast.
Gralso felt as cold as his surroundings, and saw Idalina nearing the road that appeared out of the gorge.
He thought very quickly about what he had seen. It was an unavoidable thought. Gralso had seen something in Idalina’s eyes, something different, something fantastic. He knew that he needed again to look into those eyes and be sure of what he saw.
“Idalina!” Gralso shouted. “Idalina!”
She turned to hear the shouts behind her, but Gralso knew what she would do. She didn’t seem to hear the engine noises.
He started to run, the leaves and twigs cracking underneath him as he sped towards her.
Gralso had never been unable to feel the pain in his leg, but it had gone, and he felt like he was travelling at superhuman speeds, but still a slave to light. The yearned quantum impossibility growing with each new acceleration.
He did not think as he ran, he only felt the urge to protect what he had been searching for, the innocent and precious life within those constellations. He could not lose it.
“Idalina!” Gralso shouted, and the tremble and fear in Gralso’s voice finally made Idalina stop. The engine noise was growing louder, and Gralso knew what was about to happen. The running man was competing with the machine desperately, and he knew that he could not make it.
When the car finally turned the corner, Gralso had reached Idalina. There was no time to pull her to safety, so he pushed her with all his might, sending her flying to the other side of the road. It left Gralso exposed.
The car crashed into his body with unbelievable speed, it felt to him like he was still running. He slammed into the windscreen and deflected off in an instant. The car swerved, and Gralso finally fell to the road. It had all happened too quickly. There were no sounds in Gralso’s ears, only silence.
He groaned as he felt the blood trickling from the grazes on his body, but he felt the worst pain in the wound inflicted by the thorn earlier. It isolated Gralso of his pain, made him concentrate on Idalina. Each throb of pain from the wound made Gralso think and keep focus.
Gralso felt someone move him, and immediately his isolation was ruined as his many other wounds flared burning pain.
He came face to face with Idalina. Her hair was whipping in the wind, but she was still angry, she also looked calculating. Gralso finally saw what he had been searching for; he stared at it and smiled.
“Yes, Idalina. I don’t know you by your name, but by those eyes I know we were meant to know each other.”
She put a hand on Gralso’s pulse, and turned to say something to Corpult. The world was blurring, the lines that were usually straight became muddled and out of focus. Another character came into sight; it was the driver of the car. He was as shocked as anyone else.
Julian Gralso did not exist further than this point.
Chapter 6
The car rumbled along the road silently, Gralso was in the backseat, staring up at Idalina. She was looking outside the window, and Gralso was content to watch her through his pain.
She looked at Gralso as if by habit, and Gralso quickly closed his eyes, feigning unconsciousness. He wanted to look at her again; it was like looking at a painting. Beautiful, but complex, and holding a mystery.
Gralso opened his eyes and met Idalina’s. It was too late to close his eyes, but she had a look of relief and pain herself, then anger.
They communicated in such a different way. She knew what he thought, and he knew what she thought. Something else was there. Distrust.
The car turned slightly, jarring Gralso.
He tried to speak, but as soon as he did Idalina twisted his leg. The pain was so enormous, black dots found their way into his sight. Idalina twisted again and Gralso felt himself slipping away from consciousness.
*
When Gralso woke again, the slight rumble of the car was replaced with nothing. He was lying in a room, on a bunk bed and wrapped in a sleeping bag. He was so wonderfully warm, and he didn’t feel pain.
The door opened, and Idalina stepped in, the door closing behind her. What she held in her hand glinted as she moved closer. It was a knife.
Gralso tried to move but Idalina was too fast, and she brought the knife right up to Gralso’s throat. She leaned in close, her breath making him tingle.
“You tell me now, Gralso. I know what you are, so don’t pretend any further.”
“Idalina,” Gralso said, his voice was hoarse.
Idalina pressed the knife closer.
“If I was a traitor, I wouldn’t have saved you. Corpult has accepted me, so why can’t you?”
Idalina ripped the knife away from Gralso’s throat. Standing there with it in her hand, she stared into Gralso’s eyes for the second time. The constellations melted again, the stars crossing in front of each other.
Idalina dropped the knife, and backed out of the room.
*
It took a few more hours for Gralso to finally attempt to climb out of the bunk bed, and he did so with fair ease for someone who had recently been hit by a car. Then Gralso remembered how quickly the wound at the warehouse had healed. Something was very different about the world.
 Gralso headed for the door, but paused with his hand on the doorknob. How could he face Idalina? He had the most uneasy feeling when he opened the door and stepped out.
The first thing he noticed was a window, and he finally realized that they were travelling. It was a train, and the plush carpets and beautiful fittings indicated that they were travelling first class too.
He walked down the short hallway, and saw Idalina and Corpult talking. They seemed happy enough, and had permanent grins on their faces.
“How did we get here?” Gralso announced, and padded over to the couple.
For once Idalina looked happy, but when she saw Gralso, she had a pained look in her eyes.
“That car was worth a good some of money; we bought these tickets straight after we sold it.”
“I’m guessing the owner was expecting us to return it with a full tank,” Gralso said, sinking into a chair adjacent to Idalina.
The closeness made her move back a little.
“He can right well bugger off, he was going to drive straight into Idalina, but he ended up hitting you instead - how did that happen?”
“I don’t know,” Gralso said, turning slightly to face Idalina. “Maybe you can tell us?”
Idalina looked very uncomfortable, but finally edged a small smile.
“I don’t want to talk of what happened, but we all understand each other now, don’t we?” she said, and all of them nodded.
Corpult looked surprised.
Gralso could not help but admire Idalina again. She was bemusing. Gralso hadn’t noticed anyone like her before.
He had forgotten all about the organization, or his friend who had betrayed him. He just loved being in the moment.
Chapter 7
The initial tension was broken after they became used to each other’s presence, and Gralso and Idalina sat right next to each other, alone, tentatively experimenting with their relationship.
“I’m really sorry about the accident, Gralso. I was childish, and foolish.”
“Not another word, I never dwell in the past, and nor should you. What happened was essential. I wouldn’t change the past at all.”
“You know, why couldn’t I have said that?”
Gralso smiled a little.
“Tell me about yourself, Idalina. I think it’s essential if we want to succeed in this.”
“Alright,” she said with a smile. “I was born in Florence, Italy and my father was a businessman. He always used to leave on long trips, so I would be left for the staff at home. They became my family, and sometimes I wished my father wouldn’t come home so soon so that I could be with my real parents.”
“Real parents?” Gralso asked.
“Yes, Margherita was my real mother. She was the wisest person - and servant - I have ever come across. Then there was Guiseppe, my boyfriend.”
Gralso smiled slightly and secretly Idalina saw it.
“Don’t worry; he wasn’t nearly as interesting as you. Speaking of which, who are you really?”
“I’m not at all interesting, Idalina, but I am interested.”
The door suddenly broke apart violently, and Corpult stumbled in, clutching his shoulder which was gushing blood.
“Get down!” he shouted before the wall behind Gralso ripped and the glass pitcher settled on the table exploded.
Gralso jumped out of his seat to get to Idalina, but instead, she gripped Gralso’s hand and threw him onto the floor; bringing herself with in the process.
“Are you crazy? You’re going to get yourself killed!” she shouted.
The wall suddenly had two more holes; and the couch Gralso had been sitting on moments earlier tore apart.
Corpult grabbed another pitcher of water and threw it at the entrance. It was perfectly timed, and as the shooter emerged from the hallway, the pitcher slammed into his face, the glass cutting into his cheek and lacerating his eyes.
He stumbled, but the gun was still poised, and he let off two more shots from his silenced pistol.
The shooter’s eyes were engulfed in blood, and Idalina saw her chance. She jumped up from her hiding spot and ran towards the attacker.
Something was wrong to Gralso.
There was absolutely no way the shooter could have seen, yet he turned to stare straight at Idalina as she ran.
Gralso gripped the carpet in his hands and pulled it towards him.
Idalina fell as the carpet was pulled from underneath her, just in time to avoid the shots from the man who fired with precision accuracy at her head.
“Damn you Gralso!” she shouted, annoyed at how many times he had saved her. She rolled on the floor as more shots came from the doorway.
Gralso hadn’t seen Corpult, and contemplated his injury before he emerged from the room, holding something.
It looked like Corpult had broken off a piece of the metal curtain rail, and had sharpened the edge.
He threw it then, and it twirled in the air before hitting something on the other side of the doorway.
The shooting stopped; the silence was accompanied by a thud.
 “What just happened?” Gralso exclaimed in surprise.
Idalina looked at Corpult whose face was wild with exertion before looking worriedly at Gralso.
“Are you alright?” they both said together, and they both smiled.
Idalina started to crawl to the edge of the door.
“He’s dead,” she exclaimed, climbing up from her position.
They all surged forward to look at the shooter.
He lay in a pool of broken glass and blood, the gun next to him while the horribly warped piece of metal protruded from his neck.
“Good thinking, Corpult,” Gralso commented, before grabbing the gun and throwing it into the room behind them. Gralso put his hand into the shooter’s pocket while Idalina grasped the shooter’s wrist, trying to find a pulse.
“He is dead,” she nodded, before looking back at Corpult, visibly impressed.
Gralso took out the man’s wallet, and opened it. There was nothing inside except cash and a few credit cards.
He tossed it away and looked at the man’s clothes. He wore a suit, the fine tailor indicating a businessman.
 “Let’s go see if there are any witnesses.”
Corpult came back before they had a chance to leave.
“I think you should come and hear this.”
*
“I was minding my own business you see, I just wanted to see what was in his briefcase, you see, don’t you? I’m not a pickpocket, never been a pickpocket, no, not in the least a pickpocket.”
Corpult slammed his hand against the coffee table, cracking the glass.
“Did you see this man choke?” Gralso asked. He was sitting opposite the person being questioned; a rat of a man, dressed in simple clothing and at least two day’s stubble on his face.
“It was right after I attempted to…help his phone. I am a great admirer of technology, and the way he held that phone was disgraceful, disgraceful-”
“Did you see this man choke?” Gralso asked.
“I’m not a murderer; I’m just an innocent…pocket connoisseur.”
Corpult slammed his hand again on the coffee table, and this time it shattered, making the man give a startled cry.
“Yes! That’s what I’m trying to tell you! He was talking, and I attempted to, um, take the phone from his hand, but he didn’t like that at all. He started to choke, and boy he choked. He was foaming at the mouth!”
 Gralso eyed he man, and the man eyed the bag next to Corpult.
“Well, that’s all we need, I guess,” Gralso said, climbing up from his seat.
“Just one more thing,” retuned the man, staring more rapidly at the bag by Corpult.
“He had a briefcase with him, it’s over there.”
The three of them moved to where the man was pointing, and as soon as they reached it, Gralso flipped it open to rummage through the papers inside. It was all perfectly normal, Gralso even ripped the briefcase open to see if there were any hidden compartments. There were none.
Gralso couldn’t help but feel the emptiness of the coach. It had been an early train, so there weren’t any people on board except the man, (who shouldn’t have even been in the first class coach) and their attacker.
Gralso turned around to spot the man helping himself to the money in Corpult’s bag.
“Thief!” Corpult boomed and stormed over to the man, but Gralso was focussed on something else. He suddenly felt the train judder. It was the first time it had ever juddered. A bag slid from the overhead compartment to crack Corpult on the head, sending the pickpocket into giggles.
“You’re certainly going to admire my fist,” Corpult said, storming over to the pickpocket.
The train’s going too fast, Gralso thought.
There was one final, violent judder, sending them all to the ground and unleashing a torrent of cutlery and glassware, but there was something else, and Gralso felt himself floating in midair. Something definitely wasn’t right.
Chapter 8
When the train crashed, it was as if the metal suddenly decided to follow both poles of a strong magnet at once.
It sheared in half as it crashed head first into a building, unleashing a tornado of loose fittings and broken material that flooded around them like torrential rain.
The train behaved like a projectile, and continued through the building to land onto the street. Sudden screams filled the air in a more prominent way than the dust. The train smashed onto the pavement hard, jerking its passengers violently as they struggled to hold on. The sudden noise of grinding and scraping metal filled the air with a terrible din. There was no way to see where the train was going, but Gralso could feel that it was coming to a stop, and it finally did next to a streetlamp.
The screams suddenly became the desperate searching for loved ones, but there were no injuries.
A sheet of dust settled on Gralso and he looked bleakly at the world around him. Everything was slow to him, and he felt the injuries return to his body. The world was blurring, fading in-between Gralso’s breaths.
Gralso looked at Idalina, feeling his breath slow like it always did before he had a memory.
Everything was suddenly frozen around them. The pedestrians did not move, the cars were frozen by the road, even the wind was absent.
The streets fell away and Gralso looked up to see what was blocking the sun in front of him, with each breath she took in, the sun showed itself.
“Emily?” Gralso said softly, climbing from his position. Emily stood there with her mouth closed, before she walked behind the train.
Gralso rushed to find his wife, his previous injuries healed in an instant.
He halted as he saw her walking along the road.
“Emily!” Gralso shouted, running to keep up with her. “Please don’t do this to me again,” he said desperately, and his wife stopped, she held out her hand and in the centre was a ring. Gralso stepped forward, but she stepped away.
“I know,” Gralso said, reaching for his wife, but she backed away. “Please don’t be angry. I’ve even done what you asked me to do long ago. I’ve finished your collection of the elements, I did that for you, but now there is nothing left for me to do. I can’t face you like this every day. That is why I love Idalina, but you have to understand why,” Gralso said, stepping forward tentatively, his wife’s face did not move. “Even if I have to chase you eternally to make you say a word, I will. Why can’t we live together like this, why do you stare at me with those eyes!” His wife did not respond, and Gralso grew angry.
“I’m going to replace you if you don’t speak to me,” Gralso said, stepping forward again, he was within a metre of her and he inched further. He wondered why his memory was lasting long, but he concentrated on his wife. She was like a scared dove. He moved forward again, but stopped, dropping to his knees and letting out a wave of tears.
“We have been doing this for years, YEARS!” Gralso wept desperately as he leaned forward. “I’m tired, Emily.” Gralso looked with the eyes of a man aged far beyond his years, broken with grief and yearning. His head drooped and he wept softly. “I just want to feel your warmth again; I want to be next to you when you breathe. For years I have looked at you who says nothing. You who appears only to torture me!”
Gralso leaned forward and felt Emily’s hand slide through his hair. He looked up with his pleading eyes and saw his wife. Gralso wept for joy and took her hand. The ring which was previously in Emily’s grasp slid off into Gralso’s embrace, and she walked away.
“Don’t go!” Gralso shouted. “Why have you given me this? Please!” Gralso ran after Emily in the open road but someone caught him from behind and pulled him back.
The sound of hooting cars suddenly filled the silent air, and Gralso looked up at Idalina. She pulled Gralso back to stop him walking directly into the road.
“Corpult, help me!” Idalina shouted as Gralso tried to claw his way into the traffic.
“Emily!” Gralso shouted finally.
 “Let’s get out of here,” Corpult said to Idalina, and they both helped Gralso to stand before hobbling off down the street. The wails of a police siren sounded in the distance.
They managed to escape while the pedestrians were still in shock, and headed for the first public place they could see. It was a hotel, nestled slightly on the cobbled street.
They went in and the receptionist was not bothered by their appearance.
“How may I help you?” she asked.
“We would like to rent a room for the night,” Idalina demanded quickly, glancing outside. Gralso was beginning to recover. The secretary was shocked when Corpult grabbed the flower vase to pour the contents over Gralso’s head.
*
It was not a long walk up the staircase to the first bedroom, but to Gralso it was like a walk to hell. When they reached the room, Gralso flopped onto the bed, his clothes drenched with water.
“What happened? You just snapped!” Idalina shouted.
“I don’t want to think about it,” Gralso replied harshly. “Please, I just need to forget.”
Gralso looked at Idalina and sighed.
“Thank you,” he said, Idalina sat down next to him.
“Believe it or not, I’ve had stranger days than this” she replied, making Gralso laugh.
“You were there for me, you saved my life.”
Idalina looked out of the window just as Gralso started feeling strange. He felt uneasy, nauseous, and black dots started scrambling along his vision.
“Gralso, are you okay?” she asked, but Gralso suddenly felt pins and needles strike his brain.
*
He was confused when he opened his eyes to a foreign hospital room. It was neat and modern, the floor to ceiling window next to his bed showed a stormy downpour, the smooth glass surfaces gave him relief.
Gralso’s previous experience made him dread the day and his dreams, but there was something else which drove him. Idalina comforted his tormented thoughts. She made him smile through his grief, and she made him feel young again.
He stretched in his bed. He had to forget about the previous events. It was his coping mechanism which had worked in the past.
Gralso moved his hand to the drip connected to his arm, ripping the needle out of his flesh to allow the bluish substance escape onto the hospital bed.
He stumbled out of the sheets, but his balance was not properly adjusted and he ran into a chair. The tray of vials next to the door was interesting him. He searched through the tray before finding the rubbing alcohol, pouring himself a glass of water before throwing the alcohol into the clear liquid. He stirred it well and the liquid burned as it ran down his throat.
Gralso surveyed his surroundings.
He turned the doorknob silently, but the room was locked by a mechanism from the outside.
Strange, Gralso thought, but turned to look for alternatives.
The floor to ceiling windows were what Gralso looked at. He put the tumbler down and went to the glass panel. Gralso finally saw the open window at the very top of the glass pane, hidden by a curtain.
He tore the curtain down and ripped two sections off before tying them both together to make a long rope; he then attached it to the small hospital stool.
It’s just large enough, Gralso thought when he examined the opening.
He jumped out of the way as the stool slammed against the edge of the window, bouncing off and pulverising the pitcher of water next to his bed.
No one heard that, Gralso thought after a minute’s tense wait.
He threw the stool again and this time it lodged itself in the window. It took a few pulls and jerks on the curtain rope to push it over the edge. The stool slammed into the glass panel but continued down to the ledge and rolled off.
Perfect, Gralso smiled before pulling the rope tightly, making the stool latch onto the bottom of the ledge like a grappling hook.
Gralso wound the curtain rope around his arms a few times before using it to scale the floor to ceiling glass panel. His arms screamed as he reached the open window by the ceiling, holding on until he pulled the stool back onto the ruler’s length ledge safely.
Gralso finally hoisted himself onto the edge of the window. It made him sigh with relief as he tied the curtain rope to the handle of the window frame. He couldn’t help looking down and seeing how high his room was. He was higher than at least a few skyscrapers, but he tried to put it out of his mind.
He led the curtain rope between his legs and repelled down the glass panel, the friction burning his hand, but he landed safely on the ledge.
It was just a question of where to go, and Gralso made a logical analysis. Idalina and Corpult had either admitted Gralso into the hospital, or they too were hospital patients. Gralso thought about his hallucinations. It was more likely to be the former.
He repelled off the ledge to the window below and saw an empty storage room. It was likely to be locked.
Gralso’s hands and arms were tired from the exertion, but the numbness in his body made it easier.
He climbed back up to the original ledge, sitting down on the stool for a few seconds to recover.
The room directly next to Gralso’s looked promising as the window was not too far away. He would swing across.
Building up momentum by running along the ledge, Gralso swung – the stool in his hand.
He reached the other room just in time to catch a glimpse of a sixteen year old girl lying in the hospital bed with two nurses directly alongside. He stopped, and started to swing back as gravity took hold.
Gralso held out the stool and the one leg caught against the wall, stopping him in his tracks just by the window. Luckily the curtain obscured him from the occupants of the room.
“Look at that,” one nurse said, “sleeping like a baby.”
“I gave her an extra dose of endorphins, so she’ll have happy dreams.”
“What did she say her name was again?” said the first nurse.
“She was delusional like the others, saying that she was actually a twenty eight year old woman-”
Gralso bristled.
“Her name?” the first nurse replied and the second sighed.
“She said Idalina.”
Gralso bristled even more and suddenly caught the reflection of himself in the glass. He was staring at his sixteen year old self.
He let go of the rope for a split second but it was enough for the stool to grate against the wall.
“What was that?” said one of the nurses inside the room. Gralso was staring at his reflection in wonder. He looked at his soft face, the astonishment detracting from the increasing pain in his arm.
“Just the air conditioning, I suppose,” said the nurse before returning her attention to Idalina.
“I hate these chemicals we inject into her, such a young, beautiful woman and her body has already experienced sedatives, morphine substitutes. Why couldn’t we just use those new NAMS machines?”
“Endorphins are naturally produced anyways, and don’t you know that using a NAMS machine on children is illegal?” the second nurse replied, making the first nurse gasp.
“Yes!” the second nurse assured, the numbness in Gralso’s body was wearing off as he began to feel the pain in its entirety. “A child’s mind is still growing and forming. Sometimes the NAMS machine can create bizarre connections between the occipital lobe and the long-term memory.”
“So?” said the second nurse.
“So? The child will get permanent hallucinations, sometimes of bad memories. That can scar a child for life. In adults, if the brain is stimulated regularly while attached to a NAMS machine, it can cause these hallucinations temporarily, but in children, it’s permanent. I’ve seen it happen. Very scary stuff.”
The second nurse wasn’t listening, and looked at Idalina motherly. Gralso’s arm was starting to shake wildly.
“Let’s just leave, we have other patients,” the second nurse said, and they both departed.
Gralso stretched his leg, using the chair to pull himself until he reached the ledge. He moaned in pain as he finally stepped onto solid ground, the curtain rope was nearly stretched to its maximum length.
Gralso leaned against the small wall of the floor to ceiling window frame and breathed heavily. He could not believe what was happening, and wondered if it was just another illusion of his tormented mind. Yet the brisk wind on his face and his burning lungs convinced him of reality. He did realize something, though.
After a rest, he decided to go into the room. The stretched rope made it ideal for Gralso to use when he scaled the small wall. He was worried that the rope would tear before he reached the top.
When he touched the window, he went through it head first, finally letting go of the rope which had served him well.
Gralso’s foot twisted as he landed on the floor. He stifled his moan when he heard the voices outside his door, but he suddenly wanted to laugh for joy as it all clicked. He sat on the floor for a minute, thinking carefully of what he had just realized.
After a while, he went up to Idalina sleeping softly and shook her gently.
“Idalina, I’ve finally worked it out!” Gralso exclaimed under his breath, shocked at his realization.
The machine next to Idalina’s bed blinked and Gralso frowned before moving over to it.
Idalina was in a medicated trance, the blinking machine was controlling it. Gralso took the scalpel from the tray of instruments in the corner before moving over to the pipe feeding the mixture of medication into Idalina’s arm. He cut the pipe and it let out a dribble onto the floor. He moved over and sat down on Idalina’s bed, shaking her gently. Gralso didn’t expect her to wake quickly, so he was shocked when she opened her eyes.
“I had such a wonderful dream Gralso,” she said. “You were there.”
Gralso smiled as Idalina ripped the needle out of her arm.
“I’ve finally worked it out,” he said excitedly and Idalina laughed when Gralso didn’t say anything.
 “Are you going to make me guess?”
“I have to have my fun,” Gralso replied. “But seriously. How is it that we’ve aged in the… wrong direction?”
“Oh, I think it’s the right direction,” Idalina said, putting her hands behind her head as Gralso shook his.
“I felt the strangest sense of pins and needles in my brain when I blacked out.”
“So did I,” Idalina said, sitting up in her bed seriously.
“I’ve only experienced it once before – and that’s when I was on a NAMS machine. The same NAMS machine which can cause hallucinations if continuously used,” Gralso continued, recalling the nurses’ conversation.
“Not unlike what you experienced after the train crash.”
“Exactly,” Gralso continued. “Which has led me to conclude that we are part of a computer simulation.”
There was a silence as Idalina contemplated it.
“I haven’t even been on a NAMS machine, but I felt the same pins and needles that you felt. We also blacked out at nearly the exact same time. Unless these pins and needles are contagious, it can only mean that you are right, Gralso. A NAMS machine is perfectly capable of creating artificial neural stimulus.”
Her face changed as she realized everything.
“This explains everything! But, the humans here are so realistic…”
Gralso was about to answer but Idalina interrupted.
“Neural networks! Of course! A computer processing technique using simulated and networked neurons which fire when certain threshold values are exceeded by stimulation.”
“Yes,” Gralso replied, impressed. “Which thresholds evolve through random or creative generation-”
“Which is used for natural selection,” Idalina continued. “Each neuron having many generations which are selected through the death of unsuccessful generations.”
“In other words, evolutionary fitness being based upon a single goal – normally a single task,” Gralso concluded, and Idalina took a few seconds to think.
“It would be impossible to simulate each person on the planet, but if you think about it, we’ve only heard one person speak at a time. There is only need for one entire use of the neural network in a single instance, only structural changes to the neural network is needed for a person to become another.”
“So each person on the simulated planet is in fact only a template which collects stimulation from the environment to adapt the neural network if needed. In essence, each person is like a single neuron but can become the neural network when there is need for it. Each neuron affecting the entire neural network on a whole. Just the computer required to simulate the world in this depth would be amazing, but also to simulate a dynamic and fluid neural networking system? This organisation must be very powerful.”
“Yes,” Idalina agreed, looking at the walls very differently. “Which makes me think about this training. We haven’t received a single instruction through this entire time, but we can logically analyse our instructions. If training is preparing for the purpose of the trainers, shouldn’t the training be modelled around the purpose itself?”
“I agree,” said Gralso, both scientists were excited. “The purpose being the prevention of mistakes by a leader-”
“Mistakes being very exclusive to humanity, so if we need to prevent a mistake, it will be from a human being. That human being will become the entire neural network, and the entire neural network comprises of entire humanity. This mistake will influence the threshold values, and will affect every simulated human being on the planet if the worldly simulation is linked to the neural network.”
Gralso nodded, understanding his task.
“Idalina, I have to tell you something.”
She nodded, and Gralso continued.
“I am Julian Gralso.”
She didn’t think the announcement was serious.
“The son of Tulpher Gralso?” Gralso hinted, and Idalina finally understood.
“Why haven’t you mentioned this before?” Idalina said, excited. Gralso looked ashamed.
“Gralso, which single person could affect humanity more than your father?”
Gralso suddenly saw the entirety of the situation.
“We can’t just approach the most powerful man in the world, you know.”
Idalina rubbed her chin in thought, secretly looking at Gralso in a different way.
“If we’ve turned into our sixteen year old selves, what happens to our normal selves in the simulation?”
“You don’t mean-” Gralso continued, but they were interrupted by a shout from outside.
The door broke inwards with incredible force, making them all jump.
A sixteen year old Corpult looked at them with furious eyes and Idalina slapped Gralso on the arm.
“There’s our escort,” she said excitedly, and Gralso grinned before running after her.
Chapter 9
Gralso was cautious as he approached the receptionist at the hotel.
“Excuse me,” he pronounced, and the receptionist looked up before smiling.
“What can I help you with?”
“I forgot something in my parent’s room, and they’ve already gone to work. This is embarrassing, but I forgot my key in the room as well.”
“Don’t worry,” the receptionist said without delay, already getting up from her seat.
“Which room is it?” she asked.
“It’s room 43.”
She grabbed a key from behind her desk and started walking towards the elevator.
*
Gralso knew room 43 was the perfect specimen. The Opera Hotel was right next to the Tank Theatre, and Gralso knew exactly where to find it. The others were waiting for him at a nearby café.
Gralso and the receptionist walked along the plush carpet towards room 43. They were nearly there, room 38 passed quickly.
“Oh, I called ahead. Did they deliver the suit with the correct measurements?”
“Yes, it has been charged to the room, just like you requested.”
“Thank you.”
The receptionist neared the room, and she slid her pass through the pass reader. The little red LED light turned green and the door opened. Gralso thanked the receptionist and suddenly he was alone.
The suit was already on the bed, wrapped in translucent plastic covering.
Gralso poured himself water with a slight drop of Gin for an extra kick. He started unbuttoning his shirt as he drank. The owner of the room was a businessman, and Gralso needed to be quick. The man could have been back at any time.
Once the suit was on, Gralso looked at himself in the mirror. The familiar appearance was long forgotten, but it brought back memories of hardship and danger - love.
He walked up to the dressing table and took one of the watches; he also stuffed a few hundred dollar notes into his pocket. The watch was a little too large, but he needed to look important if he was going to blend into a crowd of adults.
He took the last sip of the spicy water before briefly touching the gun at his waist. He was prepared, he didn’t need to worry - but he did, he always did.
*
The red carpet was already rolled out by the time the first guests arrived, and the theatre was sold out every night. The taxi ground to a halt in the car park adjacent to the entrance; Gralso paid the man and stepped out into the fresh air. Taxies were never allowed at the entrance.
He didn’t mind as he took the brief walk to the start of the red carpet. No one dared look at him strange, for they didn’t know how much power he held. It was not unheard of for young children to inherit large sums of accessible money from their parents.
Violinists were playing in the foyer as he stepped in, and the warm air was made warmer by the sound of smooth conversation and laughter.
Gralso realized what he had just accomplished when he stepped in-between the people waiting for the opera to begin. They all wore the finest of clothes; the finest of jewellery, but it was all immaterial to Gralso, who had a purpose. He needed to accomplish his task quickly. His next attacker could have come from any of the guards around him, but with such overall security, nothing would happen.
Gralso looked for his target between the hordes of people, and he felt like he had been in the situation before. A disastrous event.
The people suddenly spoke with incessant volume, droning through Gralso’s subconscious like a drill. However, some were not talking, but dancing in the middle of the music. Some laughed, some spoke, some debated.
“Hello, Gralso.” He turned to face Idalina. She was dressed in a flowing, red garment; her hair rested delicately on her shoulders, and her face suddenly became the light in Gralso’s eyes. She looked beautiful, unlike any beauty he had witnessed before. But he was reminded by a similar moment, the facilitator. He was glad another memory hadn’t turned up.
“You look amazing. What are you doing here?”
“You’re not the only one who can get your hands on something. You look distracted,” she said. “Keep your focus; we don’t want another hallucination.”
“No, nothing will keep us tonight, Idalina.”
“Maybe,” Idalina replied with a slight smile on her face.
“Would you care for a dance?” Gralso said.
Idalina looked at him, her smile widening into a sly grin.
“I wouldn’t usually, but on special occasions...”
She held out her hand and looked into his eyes again, Gralso hiding the jealousy out of his with a blink. He led her onto the dance floor.
The music swayed around them as Gralso gripped Idalina’s waist gently. Idalina gripped Gralso’s hand in a hard embrace, nearly crushing his bone. She smiled slightly, Gralso resisting the urge to tear away. He still kept his hand gently on her waist.
“How I love a dance,” she said airily, and began to twirl against Gralso’s hand; the ligaments popping one by one as if trumpets were sounding. Gralso grunted slightly, and kept a smile on his face.
“Yes, the night is beautiful.” He leaned forward while she twirled, and Idalina felt herself strain for the first time under Gralso's gravity; he still had his hand tucked behind his back. The competition had begun, like a classic scene out of nature, Gralso was perplexed. She was ravishing his mind and he loved every moment of it. As long as his thoughts didn’t return to his wife’s memory he was happy with anything, but Idalina was special.
She smiled again and quickly shot back up so that they faced each other. The music had paused and they both smiled before the music continued, but in a different way.
“You really look lovely, but I thought you might freeze to death in that napkin you have on tonight.”
Idalina grasped Gralso’s tie and pulled it slightly, tightening it into an almost choking hold.
“Yes, I wonder how the elements have given restraint, they surely have you confused - your knuckles are white but your face is slightly flustered.”
“I wonder why,” Gralso returned, and moved with Idalina while they were level. He removed his hold from her waist in one quick movement, and took out his handkerchief, returning his hand to its position again, this time preventing Gralso’s fingers from biting into her delicate flesh.
“You intrigue me, Idalina. No woman has ever done that before.”
“Is it that they aren’t intriguing, or you aren’t intrigued?”
“Which would you prefer?”
“It depends on the man who asks me.”
“And I’m not a man?”
Idalina smiled.
“Now you’re intriguing me.”
Gralso twirled her quickly.
“Ever since I met you, my perception of men was very different than it is now.”
“It is my due service. But when you look into my eyes, I know nothing has changed from the first day I set mine on you.”
A man bumped into them, and as Gralso turned, he spotted something which gave him goose bumps. His older, simulated self. Julian Gralso.
“Sorry Idalina,” Gralso said sadly, turning to run after Julian who carried a newspaper under his arms.
Julian proceeded straight through a set of doors and into the opera house, apparently impatient with the noise in the foyer; Gralso followed, but kept his distance, knowing where Julian would sit. The furthest and highest point in the theatre.
“Excuse me,” Gralso commented as he ran into a man, he wanted to keep up with Julian.
Suddenly, the rush of conversation entered the theatre, and the orchestra at the bottom of the stage began to play.
Julian turned around, and by habit, Gralso pushed himself against the wall of the staircase. He would wait until Julian was in his seat.
Gralso suddenly longed for Idalina, but the people who jostled Gralso made him too uncomfortable to think.
Almost everyone was in their seats by the time a man stepped onto the stage.
“Welcome guests to the 24th annual…” he began saying, but Gralso did not hear. He was looking at Julian.
The Tank Theatre was meant to hold a few thousand people, and all the tickets had already been bought. Julian settled down and unfurled his newspaper to the obvious annoyance it caused the lady in front of him.
The Tank Theatre was a tank that could be filled with water. This gave the stage more opportunity when it came to ideas for operas. For instance, in one rendition of ‘Ocean’, ships were built, and the wave machine would rock them about a pivot. Julian was used to the folly, and liked to read his newspapers in the theatre. Tickets did cost $500 – but Julian was, Julian.
The play had already set, and the curtain was just about to reveal. The golden wood gleaming on the stage, the slightly giving sheen to the many layers of glass enclosure, and the exquisite flowing curtain that stood metres high did best to impress Julian, and he was. Often, when his newspaper became boring, his entertainment would prove wise.
He watched as the actors found their niches and started becoming comfortable in the performance, but he did not notice Gralso heading up the aisle towards the back row where he sat.
When Gralso reached the empty row, he shifted along until he came to the seat next to Julian, and sat down.
“Sorry, these seats are booked,” Julian said.
“Lovely performance, isn’t it?” answered Gralso, startling Julian.
“I’m very sorry, but these seats are booked.”
“By Julian Gralso?”
Julian swung in his seat to face Gralso, but Gralso kept his face pointed to the stage.
“You look very familiar.”
Gralso turned to face his older self, and Julian gasped.
“Impossible.”
 “You listen carefully. I am from your future Julian, and have come to prevent a mistake from happening.”
Julian laughed, quickly regaining his composure.
“Nice try, when you want to fool me, don’t fool me with science. This hoax is over.”
Julian climbed up from his seat and started to leave, but Gralso climbed up at the same time, preventing Julian from passing.
“Please, get out of my way,” Julian demanded.
“Do you really want the truth of what’s happening here? Because you know you won’t like it.”
The actor on the stage broke into a high acceleration of her pitch, annoying Julian terribly.
He attempted to pass again and Gralso did not stop him.
“You have dreams every night. Of a woman who stares at you without speaking. I know who that person is, Julian. It’s your wife, Emily.”
Julian stopped and looked again at Gralso, this time his mouth was dry and every hair was standing on end.
“There is only one way for me to know that,” Gralso said softly.
Julian tried to talk, but his breath caught in his throat.
“Let’s take a walk.”
*
“What are you?”
“I can’t say, it’s better for you to know nothing about who I am and where I come from.”
Julian flung water into his face, his hands were trembling.
“Where did you come from, Gralso? Where?”
“I can’t say,” Gralso said, sadly.
“You want me to believe that you are from my future, you know that’s impossible. If I am going to help you, help me. Show me.”
Gralso laughed.
“You’re forgetting that I am you, Julian. I know the selfish scientist inside us very well. Unfortunately, I can’t give away any secrets to your universe, as I am a slave to mine in the same way as you are a slave to yours.”
“So you’re saying we come from two separate universes? And they’re very similar?”
“Separate universes… I can’t really say.”
Julian ran a hand through his hair, and Gralso continued.
“I want to help myself, Julian. That’s the same as helping you. Your existence…” Gralso realized that he was going too far.
“My existence?”
Gralso looked at Julian and saw just another man.
“Don’t try to find the answer to this, Julian. No one should ever know.”
“That just helps me sleep better at night, hey Gralso?”
“This is just destructive, and I’ve already wasted time in explaining this to you. Your universe is of concern here, not mine.”
“Alright,” Julian said, putting up his hands. “What do you need help with?”
Gralso was astonished that it was as easy as that.
“It is of a confidential matter, I’m afraid. We need to be in contact with you, we need to be close to you. I must become your son, well, one of three.”
“Ah,” Julian said, “the time traveller is always alone.”
*
They walked into the large entrance hall, and Gralso breathed in the scented air. They had just been dropped off by a white limousine; the hall was even longer than it.
“So this is where you live?” Corpult exclaimed, staring in wonder at the lavish fittings.
“Most of the time, I’m never usually home, though.”
“Your money has to be spent, I guess, otherwise the economy would collapse,” Idalina commented, looking up a long, spiral staircase.
Julian paused to admire his three guests.
“And I’ve hoped for so long that three children will be in control of my fate. It just shows how sour life’s lemons are.”
Julian walked into the large living area and poured himself -10 degree water. It froze on contact with the glass, so Julian gulped the liquid from its container.
“How do they play into all of this?” Julian asked, pointing to Idalina and Corpult. Gralso reminded himself that he was speaking to a simulated intelligence, an intelligence as powerful as all the world’s human variety put together.
“They’re hindering me,” he replied, shaking the enormity out of his mind.
“Then why don’t you get rid of them?”
“Because I want to be hindered,” answered Gralso, looking at Idalina. Julian noticed.
Gralso started walking up the staircase, and Julian looked slightly apprehensive.
“This is my home in another world - I think it’s large enough for two,” Gralso said, disappearing around the first spiral. They all followed him up through the building.
“I remember that I didn’t really know the house very well, I’m sure it’s the same for you, Julian.”
He laughed.
“We aren’t so similar after all. I know every single room and every single doorway there is to this house, I can’t believe someone wouldn’t have the same knowledge.”
“I have my reasons,” Gralso said, finally nearing the top of the staircase.
When they reached the landing, Gralso was curious on seeing the two guards at the entrance to the dining hall.
“We’ll be having guests tonight,” Julian said with a slight shock, and as they opened the doors, at the end of the table was Tulpher Gralso - the president.
“I’m surprised to see you, Julian. Welcome home!”
Chapter 10
They ate in silence at the very large table, and every food imaginable was on the finely polished surface, it was only hard to reach.
Gralso knew he had been secretly and thoroughly checked for any danger before even seeing Tulpher, and this knowledge made him feel exposed.
“So, Julian. What has happened in your life?”
“More than you can imagine, father,” Julian replied politely.
“I won’t ask, Julian. Your friends are interesting me. How did they land here?”
“They landed here clutched to the coattails of Time himself.”
Tulpher laughed, and Gralso was amused to watch the oscillation between Julian and Tulpher. He secretly knew that there was only one intelligence to command them both, making it like a conversation involving a single person.
“It must have been quite an entrance for my son to have taken you home - or maybe…”
“They have done nothing wrong, father. And they will not stay for long; their business is only to enjoy themselves with the relish of charity.”
“Excellent,” Tulpher commented, going back to his plate.
“Father, we haven’t really had that conversation yet. The one you promised me.”
“Come now, Julian. Let’s not bore your guests with that conversation.”
“These guests will not deter us in any way, and I ask you to trust them as you would your own son. Besides, our conversation doesn’t extend beyond what journalists are already discussing.”
Tulpher nodded.
“If you wish, Julian. What do you want to discuss?”
“Oh, nothing much. You are having that meeting with the shakir al Kamriek?”
Tulpher straightened and felt the familiar pang of nerves pop up.
“It is planned, and I expect-”
“What do you expect out of the talks, father?”
Tulpher laughed.
“It is rude to interrupt me, Julian, and I am hopeful for the talks. If everything goes to plan, we will have a settlement that ensures the security of our borders as well as the opposition’s.”
“They will ask for more land, will that be part of your settlement?”
“That was one of the preconditions, but the talks will continue even if the preconditions are not met. It will just not be as...pleasant.”
Julian nodded his head.
“I’ve never heard a politician call settlement talks pleasant.”
“Well, there’s a first for nearly everything, Julian. Right now, I have an appointment with my military advisor.” Tulpher stood.
“Lunch isn’t over, father. And I would hate to interrupt you if this talk is displeasing.”
Tulpher sat back down, and Gralso continued.
“I’ve been invited to attend an expedition, and it will be treacherous. This might be the last supper we have together.”
Tulpher stood up again.
“Then I wish you the best.”
With that he left, leaving the feast on the table, his well-timed footsteps annoying Julian as they departed.
*
When they were finished dining, Gralso and Idalina decided to take a walk through the house. The recent events were troubling Gralso, and although he had succeeded in becoming closer to his target, he didn’t know how to anticipate the mistake that was going to happen. He looked at Idalina, and he suddenly didn’t care what would happen.
They were heading down an empty corridor when Gralso had an idea. He looked at Idalina mischievously.
“You know, there’s a pool on the top floor.”
“I could swear you have the taste of a ten year old child in adventure. What would I want with a pool?”
“Come on,” Gralso said, grabbing her hand and running up the stairs, each step creating more excitement as they ran. The bond between Idalina and Gralso was bound together by another force, and as they ran together, the bond grew stronger and stronger, tightening them in a grip no one could ever break. They pushed each other on the steps, and Gralso was amazed at how Idalina was testing him.
Gralso pushed Idalina gently, but she turned around and tripped him.
“That sort of thing can get you killed,” Idalina taunted as she sped ahead, Gralso grinned as he ran after her. She reminded him of his wife, and to him it felt like she was alive again. No memories came when she was around.
They reached the pool and Idalina jumped straight in with her clothes.
“Madness!” Gralso laughed, and dived in as well. Idalina’s red dress swirled through the water, and her hair followed, suspending her, and she closed her eyes. Nothing could separate them again, and as they twirled in each other’s embrace, the world slowed by some heavenly hand. Just the feeling of each other was enough for the stars and the worldly sounds to melt away. All they needed was the knowledge of each other’s presence to defy their instincts to take breath, or to realise their childish bliss. The stars above them were free to move and rest from the fate of the two people in that water, for their fates were joined in a way.
They emerged, and floated on the surface.
“Gralso, how could we have had a better night?”
“The night is still young, Idalina, and the sun will wait for us if the stars are impatient.”
Idalina smiled, and turned to Gralso.
“Have you found your reason yet?”
“What reason?” asked Gralso.
“For approving of this agency,” Idalina said, and this time Gralso turned to face her, feeling the cold wind on his face and the warmth of Idalina next to him.
“Oh yes.”
The night passed too quickly.
Chapter 11
With dawn came the next day, and the day was blazing outside Julian’s mansion. Gralso realized that he was becoming distracted; he also noticed that he finally cared if he passed or failed the training.
Julian was very different from him: his thinking, his memories; even his tastes were slightly different.
The new day brought more opportunities for success. Gralso breathed deeply and exhaled. He was waiting for Idalina at the top of the staircase just outside the room they had occupied together. However, he couldn’t help noticing the room he usually occupied in reality. It was bothering him, and when Idalina didn’t arrive after a minute, he stepped forward.
He looked around to see if anyone was there before opening the door. It was slightly different inside. All the items Gralso had collected over the years were missing, and his bed was stiffer than before. The smell of paint indicated renovation, and the slight dust on top of the bookshelf was also a sign of neglect. The bathroom door was slightly ajar, which was strange. Gralso went to close it, and a draught came behind him. It sounded like someone was choking in the hallway, but Gralso blamed it on odd allergies. The door creaked behind him.
Gralso spun around just in time to sidestep the knife that was going to cut into his throat.
He grunted as he fell onto the floor and his attacker fell onto him, drops of foam speckling the wooden flooring. The assailant was a chef, the slight smell of cooking oil caught in Gralso’s breath. The grown man possessed far more strength than Gralso, and it was a losing battle as he grabbed the attacker’s arm to stop the knife cleaving into his face, and it was a struggle to get the point of the knife off the centre of gravity. The chef’s eyes were strangled with anger and hatred. Gralso couldn’t help but see Julian there.
Gralso’s foot found the bookshelf, and he spotted the vase perched on top. He kicked the wooden side and the vase toppled over before falling onto the chef’s head. It was only a distraction, but it was enough for Gralso to get his hand round the edge of the cupboard door to open it violently, the corner trouncing his attacker’s head.
Gralso rolled out from underneath the chef, and scrambled onto his feet before the attacker slashed with the knife, cutting into Gralso’s arm.
The coffee table grated across the floor as the chef slashed wildly.
Gralso screamed for help as the knife cut into his stomach. A stream of blood washing over the visible parts of his body.
The pain made Gralso angry, and he rushed to the desk, grabbing the letter opener that was shaped like a small cutlass.
The object resembled a blunt dagger, and Gralso screamed as he dodged a clumsy swing of the knife before plunging the opener straight into his assailant’s eye, and his attacker fell, the letter opener still attached.
Gralso ran out of the door and met Idalina who was shocked by the state of him.
She knew exactly what had happened though, and ran down the staircase, Gralso not too far behind.
Chapter 12
Julian’s father was very nervous, and the supper he had had the previous night was just adding to his ill-feeling, but it didn’t show through his doctored expression.
He walked along the corridor towards the conference room, his bodyguards denying him privacy. He didn’t like the relationship with his son; he didn’t like it at all. The fact that Julian Gralso was in the world puzzled him. He didn’t even know if Julian was his son, but countless DNA tests all showed that he was indeed related. He had to trust science, and he had to ignore the gut he always trusted to steer him right.
Julian was not a delinquent. He was a respected scientist and had earned his wealth by himself, for himself. It was partly Julian’s wealth that had pushed Tulpher into the presidential position. Tulpher always had been on the board of delegates in the UN Council before globalization started occurring on a large scale. The Western world had become solely dependent on the Eastern countries to support its consumerist society, and as US debt started to increase, China was the first to start diversifying its assets of US currency into more stable currencies on a large scale; spreading the dollar thin across the world. The euro was in crisis after Germany pulled out of the Eurozone, and countries like Russia were also strengthening by the day from their Arctic exploration. The power had shifted to the East, and this angered many. Stability relied upon democracy being in power of the world while the communist societies made their money supporting.
That was when Tulpher started a push for a globalized currency (with certain time-zone tags to add uniqueness). It was first thought of as ridiculous, but it meant that countries who invested large sums of money in a single currency could rest assured that if a country fell, it would only mean a redistribution of wealth and never an undermining of the currency itself. It started with Bitcoin, a new currency which was changing hands at a rapid pace. The first Bitcoin stock exchange was started not too long ago, which dealt with large digital assets like the entertainment, gaming and software industries. The exchange was smooth, profitable, and completely fail-safe in theory. Each day the currency increased in value, and a new system of tax was instituted in specific time zones instead of countries. This made regions like Africa and South America able to profit more, and it made mass tax evasion nearly impossible.
The biggest stumbling block was the implementation. How do you make eight billion people suddenly swap their currencies and their prices? Tulpher proposed the plan to set up an international reserve bank, funded by each member country of the UN Council. In times of debt, countries could ‘borrow’ the new currency to pay off their original debt (only their original debt), which meant it received ‘ghost’ currency, new currency (originally the dollar) that was temporarily commissioned into the system without the deduction from any other country’s wealth. Once the country was on its feet, the UN commission required said country to ‘take out’ the normal currency equivalent to the amount of new currency given as a bailout. Which meant that slowly but surely, the new currency was being distributed.
Countries then had to decide how to spend their fresh new storage of new currency outside the stock markets. After a time, businesses started taking the new currency as payment, and surely enough when the US ‘paid’ China its debts in the new currency, the world started to see the distribution at a rapid pace. Trillions of dollars were being displaced by the new currency, forcing businesses to adapt to the future. One by one, countries paid off their debts, giving a fresh start to the new economies, and once all was distributed, the need for globalization increased rapidly. It was a major success - the biggest political achievement in the history of man. However, since the UN had created a funding source for their operations, they didn’t need to rely too heavily on their members, and this created corruption. A leader of the UN needed to step in, and Tulpher had appeased this need two terms previous to his current. His power had increased exponentially since then.
Tulpher neared the conference room; he was ready for any question. He had been drilled over and over again by paid veteran journalists in practise for the event that was coming. It only happened twice a year - when he needed to give his report.
As he opened the door, a small sea of journalists started to fire off their cameras. He gave the journalists freedom to do whatever they liked, and they took advantage as he walked over to the podium.
Cameras flashed continuously as Julian’s father looked out at the photographers and journalists. The pane of bulletproof glass in front of him was polarized, and made in such a way so that the light coming into the glass pane was slightly tinted, but the light going out was clear.
It was one of the luxuries Julian’s father enjoyed, and he loved to answer his questions under the security of privacy.
“What is the expected outcome of these talks with the opposition?” shouted one journalist, Tulpher found it amusing to pick the questions he answered.
“The expected outcome,” Tulpher’s voice sounded from the loud speakers, “is to ensure peace and security across our borders. We require all our demands to be met, and we will attempt to meet those of our opposition.”
Things were going off smoothly. The cameras flashed wildly, and even through the slightly tinted glass, Tulpher grew anxious.
 “There also have been rumours that the full scale military operation that was planned a decade ago is in fact not being prepared at all. There has been no troop distribution to the areas of conflict besides regular maintenance re-enforcements. Is the esteemed government really planning for this full scale military operation?”
Julian’s father was taught to answer immediately, but he paused, devoid of what to say. He decided to go with the script.
“The lack of troop movements does not signify any divergence from the Summer European 4+2 Conference. We are setting plans for the rapid deployment of troops into the occupied zones, but the required military funding will have to excel from our initial budget for the three month rapid deployment. We are also confident in these talks.”
“Isn’t it true though that the defence budget has been diversified to infrastructure development, and recent budget cuts will bring down military spending to the steady roof which was commissioned by the public bank at the time of the 4+2 Conference. Is it then too late for this operation?”
The president took some time to collect his thoughts before continuing.
“The planned operation is well within our budget capabilities, and we have already commissioned the public bank to start funding the operation at a higher pace. We do not want to endanger the lives of our ordinary citizens for this operation, as we have neutralized the borders of the conflict zone already. We will proceed with the planned operation at the planned date if talks do not resolve our conflict.”
“Isn’t it also true that there has been a recent opposition attack in Sudan? The first in a decade since the conference.”
“Yes, this is also true. We have begun to investigate what slipped our defences, or if there is a terrorist cell within Sudan itself. We still have control over all occupied borders.”
“Then aren’t these talks a direct indication that military control over the immediate regions is destabilizing?”
The president answered immediately.
“No.”
*
The streets of the demilitarized zone near the Western Front were alive with the smells of the markets. Despite Sudan having an increased budget, none of it went out on public and social spending. It was invested directly into the private sector, a waste of money as thought by many.
The man carrying the parcel was headed for the UN embassy in the middle of the market.
The shouts of barterers continued throughout the bazaar, and it was impossible to see how the market sold all its goods by the end of the day.
The man hadn’t been carrying the parcel when he had passed the checkpoint on his way into the market, and the sweat that ran down his neck was certainly not from the heat.
He finally spotted the embassy at the end of the market. It was a brilliant building made of white walls and polished windows; it looked almost like a blemish in the rustic market stalls that lined the road.
At the entrance were two heavily armed UN soldiers. They could have come from anywhere in the world, and the man with the parcel certainly was used to them. After the UN soldiers had occupied the countries next to the Eastern Front, things changed. Infrastructure changed slightly, the way of life changed, and the usual business with the local militias stopped. This was why the market boomed.
The two soldiers spotted the man with his parcel, and due to their training, they automatically became weary.
The man with his parcel neared the sandbags and barbed wire used to mark the entrance to the main courtyard.
The soldiers were used to the locals who sometimes came to talk with them; there were only a select few brave enough to approach the soldiers on duty, even though the propaganda in the town was that they were there to ensure security.
The first soldier gripped his pistol in precaution. There had been a recent attack on a UN embassy in the next neighbourhood, killing ten civilians - they couldn’t afford to be less cautious.
“Good morning,” said the man with the parcel, his foreign accent was hard to hide, and his white teeth were also unusual.
The soldiers nodded at the man and started to look carefully at the parcel.
“This is a present for Mr Hurtling.”
The line couldn’t have been more suspicious.
The first soldier kept his hand firmly on his pistol as the second soldier took the parcel quickly, placing it inside a large metal container that looked more like a safe.
Once the door was closed, the soldiers relaxed a little, and were curious to see what the present was as one pressed a series of buttons. It was their fatal mistake.
They didn’t notice the man suddenly take the pistol out of the back of his jeans and fire three times, hitting the first soldier in the chest. The light flak jacket was not enough to stop the bullets tearing into the soldier’s torso.
Everyone in the market was suddenly in a panic, and the second soldier was very quick to draw his own pistol.
The man fired again, hitting the next soldier in the head, but the soldier’s helmet deflected the bullet. The soldier fired four times, every round hitting the assailant in his unprotected stomach and bringing up a mist of blood.
Once he was on the ground, the attacker knew he was doomed to die. He only had to get rid of the rest of his use.
Instead of shooting the soldier, he turned his weapon on the crowds of fleeing civilians.
Two rounds slammed into a vendor’s thigh, but the other struck him in the head. The other two bullets collided with a woman who had recently purchased a pair of fake designer sunglasses, breaking the frame as the bullets tore through her skull. She would survive, but the vendor lay dead next to her.
The soldier emptied his pistol into the man, each round finding its target, and the attacker lay still finally. The first soldier had recently died, but his face was going to appear in every single newspaper across the world within the short period of a few hours.
Sirens belonging to military police were already echoing through the Sudanese suburb; it was the second terrorist attack to brace Sudan, and the person responsible for the attack was sitting in an underground bunker inside opposition held territories.
He was the shakir, and his best man had done the job perfectly. There was just one other thing that needed to be done.
The convoy of emergency workers and UN soldiers arrived at the front of the embassy just in time for the bomb to detonate.
The IED was triggered as the ambulance drove over a gutter, detonating two tons of nitrogen based explosives, manufactured from fertilizer.
The road suddenly collapsed as the ambulance was torn apart immediately, a cloud of thick black smoke and dust puncturing the air. The shockwave of the blast imploded the windows of the embassy, the wounded and killed doubled, and the fate of the newspaper headlines changed dramatically. It was the biggest terrorist attack in four decades.
Chapter 13
Gralso, Idalina, Corpult and Julian were sitting on chairs in the lounge. After Gralso had told Julian about the attack, every step had been taken to ensure the discreet disposal of the body. They had finished a long discussion on why it had happened, and the lies that were told to Julian finally became accepted.
“If you will excuse me, I must get ready for my expedition,” Julian announced, climbing up from his chair. Idalina was looking depressed.
“What is this expedition anyways?” Gralso said, trying to cheer them all up.
“It all started with a letter from the Royal Institute of Sciences.”
“Wow,” Gralso exclaimed, recalling when he had received the letter. Yet he had not been invited on the expedition by the Royal Institute of Sciences.
“What did it say?” Gralso asked, but he knew. He knew that the letter was responsible for his failed expedition. Maybe that’s it, Gralso thought, the mistake.
“I’ve been asked to attend an expedition into the desert,” Julian explained, greedily recalling the words.
 “It’s site 412, I still can’t believe it.”
“Are you going to accept?” Gralso asked nervously, Julian turned.
“I have told my father already - don’t tell me it’s a mistake if I attend.”
Gralso cringed at the word.
“No, definitely not. I just advise a word of caution, that’s all.”
Julian’s expression softened, and he stood relieved.
“Good. For the pursuit of science, no obstacle will stand in my way - even one that will determine my future. And the future that belongs in the past must certainly be kept there,” Julian bored into Gralso’s eyes before leaving to prepare.
“Are you always like that?” Idalina asked.
“Sometimes a person can change with what they discover in themselves.”
“And one more thing,” Julian said, returning to the room,
“You’re coming with me.”
*
The ancient plane finally rolled its way off the improvised runway. Since the weather was so un-predictable, pockets of radiation sprang up all the time. It was hazardous to fly and drop anything fast. This was why the expedition was there - to ensure safety; they needed to move slowly and strategically. When the plane finally came to a stop, the commander was expecting the same spoilt child he had seen a good decade prior to his recent job.
As they stepped out, the commander met the two Gralso’s and the other two companions with his examining eye, and didn’t take long to realize a relation.
“You brought your son on this trip, Gralso? We didn’t extend the invitation for two, or four for that matter,” he said, looking at Corpult and Idalina.
“Yes,” Julian replied, “but they are rather like my other selves, I couldn’t leave them behind.”
 “Excellent answer Gralso! We’ll have a few extra hands for the expedition thanks to you - and we need all hands if we’re going to survive in this sun-box.”
“Yes, where perhaps can we put our things; I’m sure there’s a free hook here somewhere.”
“Nonsense,” replied the commander. “Any hook will do with me.”
*
The commander ripped back the curtain to allow his guests entrance to the tent. The room was the most chaotic thing Gralso had ever seen, notebooks were piled high in every direction.
Idalina walked over and blew the dust off one before opening it, revealing detailed notes on the crystalline structures of silicon dioxide - or sand.
“This desert has intrigued me for long before either of you were born,” he said, walking over to a silver tea tray in the corner.
“I have ascertained notes on every single aspect of this desert, but my collection is far from complete.”
Idalina walked over to another notebook, ripping out an interesting specimen from a stack, which in turn toppled the pile.
“You do attract the most interesting people,” the commander sighed.
“You took part in the protein folding project?” Idalina asked.
“Yes, we managed to manipulate a ribosome from the E. coli bacteria to produce slower folding protein strings-”
“I know the rest,” Idalina replied, tossing the notebook aside. The commander shook his head.
“I’m really just an old relic of this desert, but 412, that’s the dream. Almost all of my samples came from it, you really are lucky, Julian.”
“You could come with,” Gralso commented.
The commander inhaled.
“No; I had my glory. My prospecting days are over.”
They all listened to the wind whipping the flaps of the tent.
*
After the initial welcome, everyone kept to themselves, and the night fell rapidly.
Idalina was sitting on the sand outside Gralso’s tent. She looked out at the sky. Without light pollution, the stars came to show themselves. She was startled to hear Gralso suddenly sit down next to her, they didn’t have to say a word.
“Gralso, how can it be this simple?” she asked, and Gralso leaned forward,
“How can man achieve what Nature has spent millennia perfecting?”
“We only know how to create because we learn. We learn of creation when we are just born. Biology is just a system; it is a system just like a mechanical toy, but the consciousness which the system creates, that is the wonder. That is humanity. We have created only the system, Idalina. Just like a child who becomes a mother herself.”
“Wondrous,” she said. “To think that humanity does not exist solely with biology? Weren’t we taught against that not too long ago, Gralso.”
“I think that this is just another step in our evolution. Consciousness is the most astounding thing! Can you just imagine that throughout the depths of our sleeping universe, eyes look upon it and connect with its fluidity and simplicity? It just takes my breath away sometimes. To think that our journey as human beings landed here. This simulation is the most beautiful exploit. To put a finger on what makes us human is like immortalising Nature’s astonishing feat.”
“Yes,” Idalina said whimsically, turning in the sand. “Death is redundant now. If one can die, one can live. Throughout the ages of the universe, death is just a stall in life. The possibility of the elements forming in the exact positions used to make us living is complete, it is not empty. The manifestations of humanity are endless, and this simulation is proof of it. Throughout the infinite series of universe, it is incorrect to say that we die. We only cease to exist in our current possibility. Yes. Nature is kind to let us die. By dying, we preserve the luxury our life creates for another set of possibilities, another chance to curve our universe and look upon the stars to thank Nature of its pastime. The biological non-exclusivity is what makes life so brilliant!”
They both looked at each other.
“A man can live forever if he chooses,” Gralso said nervously.
Idalina looked away.
“Death is part of stability. We are ended so that humanity will never fail. I would rather die my death like a man should.”
Gralso ignored Idalina’s words - he could never accept them.
They stared at the stars again, and were even more grateful as they breathed the air.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” Idalina smiled, and Gralso’s face softened.
“There is one more thing we have to do before the night is ours again.”
*
They snuck out to the cool sand, the never ending dunes bringing together the sky and the earth. Idalina was not far behind, but Corpult didn’t care much, and dozed in his tent - he had had too much of the commander’s tea.
Gralso was heading for the vehicle depot, and it wasn’t very big. Only a handful of vehicles stood to the side, heavily covered in tarpaulins and plastic sheets to ward off the sand.
“I love sab-”
Gralso put his finger to his mouth and kept moving; Idalina didn’t appreciate it at all, and managed to lighten Gralso of his torch.
There were two things Gralso needed to complete, so he went to work. The moon in the sky threatened the stealth with partial day. Idalina was the one who clicked on the torch, illuminating the helicopter.
*
The most important man in the camp stepped out of his tent. He had three layers of protection, one of them lead lined and a respirator with a fixed oxygen tank. A re-breathing apparatus accompanied the man, but the oxygen tank would hold for many more hours. They planned to be quick on their way; accomplishing their task and returning before sunrise.
“My,” said Julian, admiring the helicopter with a secure sense of admiration, the commander watched him carefully again, inspecting every angle of expression.
“Julian, your pilot will take very good care of you on this trip. Make sure you don’t return empty handed.”
“I don’t plan on it,” Julian said, looking back to Gralso who was also donned in protective clothing.
“We’re taking one more on the expedition though,” said Julian to the commander, who inhaled quickly.
“You know that these types of un-expectancies always derail a plan, Julian.”
“He is my other self, commander - and let us not forget whose estate funded this expedition.”
“Yours,” the commander tried, but Julian shook his head and pointed to Gralso.
“His.”
The commander stretched his leathery face into a smile and waved Gralso forward.
“It’s settled then,” he pronounced, before the helicopter spun up, and was eager to ascend into the dark.
*
The helicopter moved through the air quickly as the clouds prepared to part their water.
Julian was holding his infrared camera tightly, and started to aim it out of the open doorway.
“Julian, it’s down there. Don’t worry,” Gralso said, allowing the camera to be put down.
A strike of thunder suddenly sounded, and the rain fell from the sky.
The pilot pressed a button somewhere in the cockpit and the helicopter doors slid shut, making the drone of the engines more audible.
Gralso was nervous, and was leaning his ear towards the sound of the engines. He listened very closely, and distinguished the first stutter in the smooth, fluid motions.
The pilot had also noticed it, and glanced at his instruments. Strangely, he noted that the fuel gauge was still indicating the same amount of fuel as it did when the helicopter first set off.
Gralso knew why, and was bracing for the consequences to his actions.
Come Gralso, get a grip. I’ve already survived a train crash.
There was a bigger stutter in the motion of the helicopter, and the pilot grew worried.
“We might turn back,” he said, “the bird’s misbehaving.”
Just then, a warning light sounded, and the engine juddered violently.
“What was that?” Julian asked the pilot in a frightened manner.
“We have to put her down,” the pilot replied, and angled the helicopter to descend.
The engine juddered again, and this time it stalled, leaving the helicopter to deal with the momentum it had just seconds previously.
“Blasted!” Julian shouted, and Gralso suddenly experienced the full realization of the danger they were in. The helicopter became a projectile. His wife was closing in again, but Gralso thought of Idalina to ward the memories away.
Julian turned around and gave the rear of the helicopter an almighty slam while the pilot tried desperately to restart the engine.
The last fumes in the cylinders combusted, giving the helicopter a sudden boost, but it didn’t do much.
The helicopter had descended too quickly, and it was quick to slam into the top of a sand dune, evaporating the small mound while the helicopter’s occupants braced for the much harder impact.
*
Julian woke to the sound of the wind, and looked around at Gralso and the pilot; both showed no signs of movement, they seemed fine though. Luckily, the helicopter hadn’t crashed on its face, it had managed to crash on its underside, and they had glided to a rest without the fuselage breaking apart.
Julian freed himself from his seatbelt, collapsing onto the desert outside. He took out the GPS module he always kept in his pocket, and his heart raced when he saw the position of his destination only ten metres away.
He climbed to his feet painfully, and stumbled up a dune. He didn’t have enough strength to descend, so he tumbled down the sand instead.
When Julian crawled up to his pearl, he clambered to his knees and started digging. He was not going to give up on the scientific achievement that would place his name into the history books.
Chapter 14
The phone rang very early in the morning, startling the occupants of the bed only metres away. Tulpher Gralso had a system of checking a phone call’s importance. He waited for it to stop, and waited for it to ring again, the significance of the call wavering in his mind. It rang again, and this time he went to answer it.
“Hello?” Tulpher said sleepily, the silence around him made words have a larger effect. At first, no one answered.
“Hello?” Tulpher repeated, and the person finally spoke.
“Father, I found something in the desert.”
Tulpher waited a few seconds, contemplating the possibilities.
“It’s something enormous…you have to keep this secret at all costs.”
Tulpher straightened, and prepared to hear the severity of Julian’s findings.
*
They stared at each other on the airport bench, Julian was certain that he donned the finest suit money could buy, but the rest of them were dressed casually.
They all had been invited to take the same flight with Tulpher into the capital after Julian’s phone call.
“I can’t believe this is happening; imagine if those biological weapons landed into the hands of the opposition? I can’t believe what could have happened,” Julian said excitedly.
“I think it’s more dangerous if that psychopath has the weapons,” Idalina said in disgust.
“I know you’re referring to my father, but he isn’t irresponsible. Never mind that though, these biological weapons were subjected to intense radiation. Can you imagine the scientific breakthroughs that could come from this? If we find out how these microorganisms adapted to this radiation, we could design better nuclear facilities and protective clothing, we could re-engineer ourselves to cope better with space radiation in our colonies on mars. This is very exciting!”
Gralso looked down at his shoes, knowing that it was just a hoax, a dream; ashamed of leading on false scientific curiosity.
“That’s our cue,” Julian said, rising to meet the eyes of a policewoman standing by the edge of the bench.
“Everything’s ready,” the woman said in a professional voice, and they started walking towards the plane.
*
Julian’s father paced up and down in the aircraft while he waited for his son to arrive. The incident in Sudan was the second attack within the space of a week, and even though he could hide a few assassination attempts, he could not hide a terrorist attack on the magnitude that was experienced outside one of the Sudanese embassies.
He picked up his phone and first tapped in the extension that would ensure his conversation was dynamically encrypted over the long distance call - local security was top notch. He wondered if he should make the call, the recent findings in the desert made him hope for a better and quicker solution. He knew the mandate of the empire when he signed his term into office, and he knew that it was unspoken international law to have an opposition in power. It gave the governments of the world excuses to maintain a large dragnet surveillance program without suspicion. He knew that there would be other excuses of terrorism, and governments would ensure some form of enemy within their borders.
He just wanted to keep his largest opposition in control, and it was getting out of control. If he stood any chance of having another term in office, he needed to add something to his résumé. He had been briefed on the biological weapons, and he knew that if the agent entered the opposition’s tunnel networks, it would spread from person to person, and multiply rapidly; eventually killing everything in its wake. He needed to be careful though, if he managed to release it on the world, it would be disastrous.
He tapped in the rest of the number, and phoned.
*
When they stepped onto the plane, Gralso’s father was there to greet them. He looked pleased.
“Welcome, all of you! I’m sure you must be weary from your expedition, and I’m sure you have many…private details to tell me.”
“Yes, father,” Julian replied.
The luxurious interior of the aeroplane calmed Gralso as they walked to their seats. The plane was fuelling up still, which left them to talk. The beautiful carpets, the crème coloured walls and the wonderfully refined dark, wooden furnishings were all normal to Julian and Gralso, only Corpult and Idalina really appreciated it.
Julian’s father sat in one chair, a cheese board on the seat next to him.
He took a piece of mature cheese and put it into his mouth, savouring the flavours that melted onto his tongue.
Gralso saw another man in a suit climb up the stairs and enter the aeroplane.
“Mr President, I heard that you called forward with some bad news, this is going to impact the talks dramatically,” he said.
Gralso looked carefully at the breathless man.
“Good day, Mr Shawl. We have been delayed as you can see by this aeroplane which has a fault; the talks will continue as usual, we just have more options on the table now. Could I have a word in private?”
Tulpher climbed up, and went into the next room.
“Idalina,” Gralso said, and she looked up. “Could I also have a word in private?”
Idalina smiled, and they left together, leaving Corpult who was content to help himself to the cheese.
*
“What can possibly be better than a political agreement, sir?” Shawl said once the doors were closed.
“Come now, we organized this political agreement. The opposition is not at all organized; it is spread over many groups, many allegiants and many terrorist cells. It has survived partly from our funding, but mostly because it is diverse. How can that be controlled by a political settlement? I have discussed options with my military advisor, and he is happy to initiate a carefully planned, focussed military strike that I guarantee will have a lasting effect. We are going to use a once ineffective tool, something no one has ever thought of using. A very ingenious plan I must say. We can destroy the biggest territory of un-occupied land so that it is fit for occupation. Deserts have grown largely useful to our society. We can finally achieve globalization.”
“I trust you, sir. I must be on my way now, but think carefully of how your plan will affect our sponsors.”
“As always, Shawl.”
They emerged from the room, and Shawl immediately stepped off the aeroplane before the doors were sealed shut.
*
Once their door was closed, Gralso looked at Idalina in a serious way.
“Idalina, I have something to ask you.”
She nodded, and Gralso got down on one knee, Idalina’s eyes bulged.
Gralso dug through his pocket and retrieved a ring, holding it out in his hands.
“Idalina, will you marry me?”
There was a silence as she stared at the ring in his hands.
“Gralso, we only met two days ago.”
“I know,” he said, shifting uncomfortably. “But I know we were destined to be together, I know we were meant to marry.”
She looked elated, but it quickly faded.
“How can you be so sure?” she asked, looking at him, and she caught the pained expression on his face.
They stood in silence as Gralso looked with his pleading eyes, Idalina finally decided on what she was going to say.
“Gralso, I have begun to love you, I have loved you for as long as I realised that I could love, but I can see that there is pain on your face, I can see that the owner of that ring has not been mourned, and you’re trying to disguise the pain by filling it with another person. I noticed this when I first met you, and now I’m sure of it.”
Gralso looked shocked, but recovered.
“No!” Gralso said sternly. “I love you, Idalina, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.”
“No, Gralso,” Idalina said, getting up, “I won’t marry you yet.”
“You can’t do that to me!” Gralso said desperately.
“It is true. A flower can’t grow without death at its roots. You need to accept the past; you need to mourn for your wife. You’ve told me that she died, but I can see you’re not sure now.”
“She betrayed me!” Gralso shouted strongly. “She went out that night, I-” Gralso felt himself lose control.
“That doesn’t matter now, I have to marry you, and I have to destroy the pain I felt when she died!”
“She will haunt you for the rest of your life-”
“I want to be haunted! I can see her haunting me in your eyes but I can’t be tied to her any longer. I want to love a person again just like I loved her, but she isn’t allowing me, and you aren’t allowing me either you selfish beast!”
Idalina had tears in her eyes, and she left.
“You are her! I can see it, she’s haunting me with you, you are what I’ve been looking for; you are the one who left me, not that wordless woman!” the door slammed shut and Gralso’s tears ran down his face.
“Why did this survive?” he shouted, looking at the ring, and throwing it to the other end of the room, “I thought I followed your instructions!”
*
Tulpher returned to his seat in the aeroplane and looked at the cheese board again.
“Father,” Julian said as the plane started to turn towards the runway.
“Yes my son.”
“Why have you cancelled your meeting with the shakir al Kamriek?”
“I have not cancelled it, but merely postposed it for a little while. It is due to your recent findings, no doubt.”
Julian shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
“But you told me that you would keep this secret.”
“And that is what I intend to do, but how do I know I can trust you with these findings?”
Julian laughed, before realizing his father was serious. The plane barely vibrated as it took off, flying straight through the clouds.
“Father, I am your son. I want the best for you and the empire; I hope you regard that with some genuine veracity.”
“I hardly know you,” said Tulpher, boring into Julian’s eyes.
“But, I proposed the secrecy of this finding, didn’t I?”
Julian was disgusted with his father’s lack of trust.
“You are true, but since this is such a delicate matter, I have to make sure that I hold all the cards, and take any away from my opponents.”
He speared another piece of cheese.
Julian was lost in the conversation.
“Surely my cards are your cards, father?”
He laughed, nearly inhaling his cheddar.
“Certainly not, I don’t trust you enough. Not family, no. You will have a chance to gain my trust, however, but the experience will be in some light painful. I will have secured the warheads by the time you are in contact with any other person, so you should know this.”
“This is absurd; a father does not trust his own son?”
“When that trust might jeopardise the empire and its strength? No chances can be taken, Julian. None. I’m sure you are grown enough to see this, but I will enlighten you on the amount of trust I have for my son.”
The president climbed up from his seat and moved away, leaving Julian squinting to realize what had just happened. He had to go after his father; he had to find a way to mend his trust. Corpult was nowhere to be seen.
Julian fiddled with his seatbelt to undo it, but it did not budge.
“Blasted thing!” he shouted, pressing the button to release the belt vigorously.
The president came back holding a glass of champagne.
“We all need to earn each other’s trust, Julian. Did you really expect me to fall into your little trap?”
“I assure you, there is no trap father,” Julian said, struggling with his seatbelt.
“Oh, I set the traps, Julian. Who said that it is I who needs your trust? Maybe it is you who needs mine.”
The president put his glass down on a coffee table and sat down slowly.
“You have always been a risk to me. If someone were to have turned you against the empire, I would be very vulnerable. If someone were to have kidnapped you, I might consider their demands, but I eventually would never give into any of these really.”
“Your own son. You sicken me.”
The president smiled.
“You are the perfect opportunity to start talks with the shakir in a bad way, and now that you have given me the most powerful tool at my disposal, bad has turned to good. You see, I have to make it look like the shakir will never come to a political solution, I have to show that he is dangerous - which he is.”
Julian frowned in confusion, and his father laughed.
“Don’t give me that Julian. Did you really think that I wouldn’t use those biological weapons? It’s the last step to a worldwide empire, the last resistance to my power. The shakir might try to crawl over me, beg me for a piece of the new world, but he has no place in it.”
Julian gulped as his father produced something which looked like a detonator.
“You are going to help me achieve these goals - and just for your benefit, I’ll allow you to take a few of your little friends. I know how charitable you can be.” With that, he pressed a button, and Julian’s world exploded into chaos.
Chapter 15
It was suddenly calm to Julian, just before the most entire noise flooded his ears. The world was tearing itself around him, and he just caught a glimpse of the aeroplane disappearing through the sky.
He was tumbling through air, the wind whipping past, the cold stabbing into his flesh.
The ground was nowhere to be seen, and he knew that the aeroplane had to fly above radar to avoid attack.
The air was very thin and very, very cold to Julian, but he also noticed something. He couldn’t take a breath. Whenever he did; the thin air only seared his lungs - not satisfying his thirst for life.
He noticed it again. A light pinging by his face. Julian took the second opportunity to acknowledge it.
It emphasized the oxygen mask which had been released from the underside of the chair. Julian grabbed it, and sucked a mouthful of air greedily. He was tumbling to his death.
Suddenly, an explosive bolt detonated, and the flailing limbs of a parachute billowed out of its hidden compartment.
A jerk ripped the oxygen mask out of Julian’s hands, but it wasn’t hard to find again.
He could spot clouds beneath him, and he gently but firmly descended. The clouds quickly engulfed the chair, and a thin sheet of water developed around his face. The desert was right below; a dreaded, familiar sight. Endless desert.
The ground suddenly rushed up to meet him, and his chair slammed down hard onto the fine sand, jarring him violently and bringing up a cloud which followed his parachute as it sped away. He then was dragged by the wind across the surface of the desert, and he tried using his legs to anchor himself, but it was no use against the weight of the chair. The parachute quickly became inflated, and he was dragged along fast. He struggled with his seatbelt, yet it was intentionally stubborn.
Then he heard the clang of metal as his chair hit against a hard object. His parachute deflated, and he thrashed violently in his chair, releasing himself inch by inch until he was free.
Julian turned to look at what had stopped the chair, and found himself face to face with a turban clad figure. The eyes behind the turban were what gave away the intentions. Tiny black orbs curled with hatred.
The man’s bony and very dark hand moved to his side, freeing the curved knife from its sheath. Julian realized where he was. He was in occupied opposition territory.
The figure did not give a sound as he walked forward with the knife.
Julian could do nothing, he was frozen in shock.
The man walked to within a metre of Julian, and lifted his turban, showing the shrivelled features of one of the indigenous Kamriek people.
He lifted a scrap of paper, reading it carefully. He turned.
“Jul-i-an?” he asked in a heavily accented voice.
*
Gralso had not landed far away from Julian, but the lack of sight was enough to cause anxiety.
“Idalina? Julian?” Gralso shouted; the large expanse of desert was enough to become paranoid.
If they didn’t land here, they must have landed further away.
Gralso wriggled out of the seat which held him securely, and stood up, the heat burning through his skin. There were 360 possible ways Gralso could go, and neither of them looked promising.
Give me a sign, Gralso said to himself; but there were no signs to be given, nothing at all.
The sun was the worst enemy in the desert, even the dunes were uneasy under the sun. The sand crumbling and reforming - and then silent.
Get a grip, Gralso thought to himself and looked around. He could just spot the billowing parachute above a dune.
Gralso ran towards it, running up the slope and looking down. Surely enough, it was a parachute. No one was moving.
“Julian,” Gralso said, sliding down the dune and running towards the lump weighing down the billowing fabric.
He fought away the whipping material and looked at the person slumped in the chair. It was Idalina.
“No, no, no. Idalina, wake up. We don’t have time to lose,” Gralso said, gripping her head in his hands and shaking it. Gralso inspected her; she was partly ripped from her chair. It wasn’t a good sign, but Gralso knew she would heal. The adrenaline made Gralso forget about the previous events.
“I’ll just have to drag you then,” Gralso said, and began to free Idalina from the rest of the chair.
He dragged her to the top of the dune, and looked out at the surroundings. Nothing, there was nothing and no one in sight.
“Idalina, I really need you to wake up,” Gralso said, nudging her slightly with his foot. He wondered how long she could possibly be unconscious for, but it seemed like they had all the time in the world.
Chapter 16
Gralso stumbled along, dragging Idalina as he went. The sun was hot in the sky, but Gralso was heading for the only shade he saw. It was a baobab tree. Its huge frame and straight posture did not make it a victim of the sun. The huge roots were bound to the earth in a way Gralso did not think possible.
“We’ll rest here,” Gralso said to Idalina. She was still unconscious, but it felt better to have someone to talk to, even if she didn’t talk back.
Gralso sat down heavily.
“Another desert. They’re after me.”
Idalina stirred and Gralso rushed over to her side.
“Wake up,” he said; shaking her. When Gralso realised her pained expression, he knew something was wrong.
“Idalina, what is wrong with you?”
“I know what’s wrong with her,” said a voice, and Gralso spun to look behind him, he couldn’t see anything.
“She’s not like you,” returned the voice.
“Where are you?” Gralso demanded.
“Come now, you managed to figure out that this is a simulation. Bravo to you, but not in this case.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I can’t believe you haven’t worked it out yet,” said the voice. “The way Idalina always was one step ahead, how you two were perfectly matched, how events coincided perfectly around her. I think you’re beginning to see it now.”
Gralso thought for a few seconds.
“It can’t be.”
“Oh yes. She was designed for you. She was programmed into the simulation to manipulate the environment for the ideal purposes. She used you.”
Gralso’s eyes widened.
“Why would you lie to me like that?”
“I’m not lying, Gralso.”
“You’re lying!” he shouted, the realization gripping him.
“Why would I lie? But I guess my poison never works on you. She will survive this incident. I’m sorry.”
The voice disappeared, and Gralso’s mind raced.
“Come back to me!” Julian shouted, jumping up from the ground. “I know you’re wrong! I know you’re wrong! How can she be simulated? Anyone else but she, please!” Gralso shouted desperately, tears gushing from his eyes.
“I can’t lose her again, not again. Haven’t you put me through enough!” Gralso shouted terribly.
“You’ve killed her in me! I can’t see her ghost anymore like I used to, please don’t take her away from me again!”
Idalina opened her eyes.
“I know it’s true,” she moaned awfully, the pain wracking her body.
“No!” Gralso shouted. “No! Don’t say that, please!”
“Gralso, I know it’s true.”
Gralso was immediately by her side.
Her face was white in the sun, and she stared horribly.
“No, this is just a misunderstanding Idalina, just a misunderstanding. You’re real.” Gralso touched her cheek.
“You’re real. Your flesh is warm, and your eyes are real. Your mind is real, please!”
“I know it’s true,” she said with tears in her eyes. “Throughout my life, I’ve always known that something was there, I always knew it. That’s why I was so afraid of you.” Gralso held her hand tenderly, unable to accept what he was hearing.
“Please!” Gralso shouted.
“You know as well, Gralso. Remember our talk in the desert? How life lives without biology?”
Gralso shook in the sand.
“You don’t understand!” he shouted. “I can’t lose you! I can’t! I can’t lose my love again. At least haunt me with dreams that make me wake endlessly, but don’t leave.”
She didn’t answer him as he wept.
“Why?” he said, the tears streaking down his face, she didn’t answer.
“I asked you why, Idalina? Don’t deny me your humanity now.”
She slowly opened her eyes, and she too was crying.
“No, they won’t let you die, Idalina, no one will let you die, they can’t, they can’t destroy you, I won’t let them. They can’t destroy me again!”
Gralso shook with grief, and while he shook the distant galaxies were started to shrink, and space started to slow in its expansion.
There was a horrible silence as Gralso came to terms with it. The wind blew sand slightly into Gralso’s face, and bizarre new elements were forming around them.
“Yes,” he said softly, the world paused again like the time he had first looked into her eyes, Gralso’s mind slowing as the computer controlling the world struggled to keep up with the thoughts his mind wanted to think. “Life will live without the sanctity of biology. I loved you in another life, you lived in another life, and you can’t abandon me like she abandoned me, you can’t.”
She was becoming unaware of her surrounds, and faded from time to time.
“Just die there, I’m ready,” Gralso shouted. “Die, Idalina; die there where you are. Don’t wake to this world where you are dead already. Free yourself from this hideous world, I beg - I implore you!” Gralso shouted, closing his eyes tightly.
She smiled sweetly, and Gralso could not face her any longer. He went to retrieve the postcard, but he found the knife. He unsheathed it, the blade shining in the sun, and he shook with it in his hand, the grief overcoming him.
“You’ve taken her away from me! You’ve taken the ghost of my love away and replaced it with nothing!”
He screamed horribly and plunged the knife into her chest, and his cold steel touched her heart with only Gralso’s love driving it forward. She gasped, her eyes bulging, but the life from her eyes was slipping, the silver linings of her green clouds dissolving into blue and then to black.
She died. And somewhere else in the universe, beyond the infinite reaches of the galaxies which bound Gralso’s heart, something else died as well.
Gralso’s grief burned. He roared to the sun with whatever human defiance he had, he roared until no breath was left, but he continued to roar with whatever wisdom and grief drove into his lungs to say instead of scream, a sudden wave of tears falling from him. She was dead, and yet she only died when Gralso slumped unconsciously to the floor.
Chapter 17
Julian was led by the man to just behind one of the sand dunes on the right; they all looked the same to him, but the man knew which dune was which.
Just behind the sand lay a single house, and a chicken coup. The man led Julian to just before his house, bent down, and lifted a hatch; throwing sand and dust into the wind which had accumulated above the trapdoor.
Julian headed down a small, steep flight of stairs, coming to a storage place lined with shelves.
Different building materials stood on the shelves: nails, tools. All covered with dust, but some not so. The room was used often.
The man proceeded to another trapdoor at the end of the narrow room, and opened this one. Only small amounts of dust were displaced.
This trapdoor led into a tunnel, supported by wooden beams and lined with simple, bare light bulbs.
“Kiragh!” muttered the man in an ugly tone, prodding Julian with the end of the knife. It was completely dark except for the light bulbs burning the far distance. It was a straight tunnel, and Julian wondered what was living on the floor of the long passageway.
*
It seemed forever had passed to Julian walking through the tunnel. He knew that he was below the biggest desert in the world, and he didn’t want to think of how far the tunnel network stretched to; but luckily after a long period of time, Julian finally walked near the first light bulb. The tunnel now was lit at regular intervals by the light bulbs, and it stretched so far, he could make out the curvature of the earth.
Julian knew that he couldn’t keep walking forever, and he didn’t know how well his captor would like it if he asked for a rest. His feet ached from hours of walking, but it didn’t bother his captor. The shrivelled man walked in complete silence, never tiring, never losing his grip on the knife. He had walked that path his whole life.
They were isolated, completely isolated from the world. It was as if they had to walk secretly across the globe along a tunnel that stretched through the universe.
Julian heard noises up ahead, and he knew that they were finally close to completing their task. He wasn’t even properly in the light when the bag was thrown over his head.
Chapter 18
At first, Julian didn’t even notice that Gralso was in the prison cell with him.
“Come back to me Emily! Please, come back! Don’t leave me!” Gralso suddenly howled like a tortured animal, and anything Julian said only made Gralso worse. When three guards came to collect them, Julian was just as broken as Gralso.
Chapter 19
Julian was led into a small room, and the bag was ripped off to reveal a harsh light.
“Welcome,” said the shakir in a grumbling voice. “I think our talks will be more interesting now.”
“I know so,” Tulpher’s voice sighed from the speakers, his face appearing on the monitor beside.
Julian gritted his teeth as he heard his father’s voice.
“Father,” Julian pleaded desperately, but was interrupted by Gralso who walked in with the support of a guard, a bag was also over his head. When he was seated and his bonds were cut, he did not attempt to take it off.
“You’re going to unleash something that you can’t stop. There’s going to be an unexpected shift in the winds very soon, you’re going to kill us all!” Julian suddenly blurted out; he couldn’t keep it in his mind for longer.
The shakir looked anxiously at his men.
“I won’t unleash those weapons if you are not harmed, son,” Tulpher replied.
The shakir stood quickly, collecting his thoughts. He was dressed in a long robe; his beard was short and his hair long.
“These talks are meant to boost our confidence in each other. We have done no such thing. I, the shakir, will welcome peace and agreement - with your son’s wellbeing in return.”
Tulpher was waiting for that moment.
Gralso interrupted the shakir.
“You are the reason for my wife’s death,” he said to Tulpher, who ignored him.
“Quiet!” snarled the shakir’s guard in broken English.
The guard put the pistol to the back of his prisoner’s head, Gralso smiled.
Without hesitation, he pushed himself against the chair; moving his head from the gun and slamming into the guard whose head cracked against the back wall.
Gralso grabbed the gun before aiming at the shakir after ripping the hood from his head.
The shakir looked at the barrel of the gun with no fear, but Gralso pointed the gun at Julian, and shot him through the head.
 When Julian was on the ground, he looked at his other self, and saw another man. A man lost in his own grief that would last forever.
“This world is not right, Julian,” Julian remembered Gralso saying.
Julian paced up and down the cell; watching the guards walk through a tunnel adjacent to their position.
“I know that this is selfish to ask, but I want to stay a while longer. I need to complete a task in my life before it’s over. Can you even begin to understand that!” Julian pleaded with tears in his eyes; Gralso was finding it hard to talk.
“Julian, your life is mine. You were never meant to be; you exist with me, not for yourself. You’ve already killed my Idalina. She was the only reality.”
“How can you say that? Who are you to say that, Gralso? Who is to say what it means to be human or not? Can’t you see I am! I’m not a cold, calculating machine. Can’t you see that?”
“I’m sorry, Julian. You will have to die soon.”
Julian ran a hand through his hair.
“And through the manifestations of reality, I am not one? I do not dream or think or feel like you? I could be anyone, Gralso. Why do you think my life is no less plausible than yours? We were all created by some force, some order of universe. How can you destroy it like some petty game? Like a foolish child you run rampant with your destructive hand, destroying such beauty! You go against the very reason life came into being!”
Gralso let his own tears drop.
“Julian, if by my power this world was mine, I would end it immediately.”
“Why?” shouted Julian.
“Why? Do you want to be the slave of man? Do you think that that is just, or fair to humanity? Do you think that we should possess the power of God in your world! The power to call ghosts from the grave, and send them away. I was a slave to my dead wife! She controlled me, she never left me, and she haunted me with malicious beings! She took that away, Julian. SHE DESTROYED ME! Man is too stupid, too vile and fragile. It would be an atrocious crime!”
“And genocide wouldn’t! The innocent slaughter of a world that could prosper, Gralso your reason is slipping.”
“You all deserve to suffer! I have made my mind, Julian. You will all die. You will all die your deaths in a fashion like any other man. You all have to join her!”
The galaxies were nearing an end by the time Julian’s blood entered his mouth, they boiled and spat their nebulous fumes violently as the once crossed stars hurtled away from their paths with childish abuse. The distant planets one by one exploded as a person realized the truth; the whole training was a riddle.
To prevent a mistake, Julian thought.
Gralso could have prevented any mistake from happening, any mistake at all. He could have prevented Tulpher from releasing those biological weapons and slaughtering innocent people, but that would only set the future for a much, much larger mistake. The simple, bizarre iteration and continuous abuse of natural beings - the very principle Nature is restrained from - the incoercible bonds of humanity oscillated and reset as if by the flick of a switch. Lives enslaved by no other purpose than to aid another human in his everyday life.
By completing his task, he prevented the world from repeating again.
He finally let his wife die, and Julian laughed as he understood.
Chapter 20
The missiles were launched from a discreet site somewhere within the Sudanese territory. The bunker penetrating missiles would first bore into the opposition’s tunnel network before releasing the biological agents. It would spread, and kill everyone inside.
The streaks of white smoke appeared almost immediately to everyone in the surrounding Sudanese territories. The strikes were to hit on the very far attachment to the opposition’s tunnel networks, and they were timed precisely with the slightest changes in the wind.
It did not take long for them to traverse the distance, and as they hit their targets, people soon began to see a small cloud erupting from the horizon.
The cloud was being blown rampant by the suddenly enclosing and growing wind wafting directly towards the Sudanese town. Nobody had ever expected it, even the military advisors who were screaming for actions to be done as the cloud was brought by the unexpected and very strong wind, created by the moon which suddenly vanished abruptly; the sun expanding as its gasses combusted too quickly. All their previous calculations were void, and the Sudanese people watched as the first civilians started to fall to their feet, the fake biological agent killing the simulated civilians within seconds. The bytes of data re-shifted inside their quantum storage units; merely converted from one form to another, crossing and pulling, forming and destroying. Ashes to ashes, earth to earth. Soon the biological agent would spread and kill every living thing on the planet, but the universe was destabilizing, and the earth would soon implode from the harsh gravity of the sudden dense matter which formed close to the planets, cancerous blemishes in space-time. The processors handling the event triple faulted before they melted, and the universe disassembled.
Julian Gralso did not exist any longer, and when he woke in his real world, it was as if he had woken for the first time.
Epilogue
The doctor was nervously waiting outside the office of the man he called his boss. It was part of a small, charming office block in Switzerland. He had been there many times before.
“He’s ready for you,” said the secretary. She was made of pure ice, and she had to be if the Glock 17 pistol holstered under her desk stood any chance of being successful.
The doctor was calm in his movements toward the office door, but the ever shifting breaks in the light streaming under the doorframe made him nervous.
He could only stifle his nerves as he gripped the cool metal of the doorknob; finally gaining the courage and turning it.
“Felix!” exclaimed the man inside, and the doctor closed the door behind him.
“Sir.”
“I hear your newest recruit has just come out of training? A stellar performance if I can recall from the report.”
“Yes, sir. Our finest graduate and our most delicately placed.”
“The son of our esteemed leader; you’re very, very lucky to have him. And so am I,” replied the man.
“I have always wondered how capable the rich of today are, but it seems that they are marginally so. You did bend the training to suit him? I know you did.”
“No, sir. In fact, he showed times in his training which are completely unparalleled by previous tests. He achieved percentages from our neural network which we have to regard as infinite – sir, our best so far was only sixty percent. We first thought it was a mistake, but there were definitely no mistakes.”
“Remarkable,” said the man, eyeing Felix carefully, “you really did destroy him, didn’t you?” he said, and the doctor stiffened.
“I cured him, sir. I destroyed him in a better way than what had destroyed him in the past, I cured him.”
The man nodded.
“Anyways; your next assignment is coming up, and I would like you to use your…newest tool, for the job.”
The doctor was astonished.
“Sir, my unit is not a group of assassins – especially a precious asset like Julian Gralso. They are trained to penetrate with more subtle and cleaner measures. Our organisation stands to rid the tactless and dangerous hand of a leader, not chop it off and wait for it to grow back again.”
“Are you aware that this organisation does just that, Felix?”
The doctor stiffened. “Yes.”
“Yet you still are part of it. I will use every tool of my organisation as acting leader to help in our role and function. To destroy weakness - to rid instability and restore functioning democracy.”
Felix nodded, he had expected this confrontation and he knew what the outcome would be. He started walking to the door, but turned.
“Sir, have you ever thought that an organisation with this power should not be controlled by a single person. Have you ever considered the objective of the organisation applying to us?”
The man jumped out of his seat, toppling his chair.
“How dare you utter such remarks within this building! Are you disobeying your leader, Felix? Remember what happened to your predecessor.”
“This organisation answers to too many people now for any change to take place. You’ve turned us into a group of assassins, mindless contract killers - and you want to pervert the last functioning string of this organisation.”
The man felt his hand moving toward the pistol he kept in his drawer.
“Get out, Felix. Your fate is bound to my decisions, no matter the cost. If I have to destroy this organisation just to rebuild it, I’ll start by burning it down one man at a time.”
The man’s finger touched the pistol. Felix knew when to leave an argument. He had gone too far, and he knew it.
“I am sorry, sir. What I said was unforgivable.”
The man relaxed and sat back down.
“I want your team out in the target area as soon as possible, you know your task. Make sure they’re properly prepared.”
“Yes sir,” Felix answered his boss.
“And Felix, The Oleander Effect has started.”
Every hair on Felix’s body stood, and he left. The world was going to change.
The Oleander Effect
Throne of Bayonets
Book 2

“You can build a throne of Bayonets, but it’s difficult to sit on” – Boris Yeltsin
If you enjoyed this book, and would like to read more, you can sign up for the Justin Muller Books newsletter and we will email you when The Oleander Effect, Throne of Bayonets is available.
Also, please consider leaving a review, as word of mouth is everything.
Read on for the first chapter of The Oleander Effect: Throne of Bayonets!
The Oleander Effect: Throne of Bayonets
Chapter 1
The two men were sitting at a table by the outdoor café, one with a suit, one without. Fine tailor usually showed power in the new world, but the man without a suit was idly ignoring this unspoken rule. He tapped the table with his fingers in impatience; he had gained almost all of it in his new occupation.
“A new job,” exclaimed the suited man without even breaking his admiration of the landscape. “Impress me.”
Julian Gralso did not attempt to answer the suited man; he only shifted his glance slightly. After a minute, the suited man was growing impatient.
“Get out!” the suited man spat. “You ask me for a job and then you don’t speak?”
“I can kill you in numerous different ways from my position,” Gralso uttered calmly, the suited man put his weight on his resting arm.
“Slightly less, but still numerous.”
“How do you expect me to believe your capabilities?”
“You can only give me a job, and I’ll deliver.”
“I already have contract killers lining up at my door-”
“Thugs; inexperienced in the science.”
The man grinned.
“I have never heard a killer call his work a science, explain if you dare. You’re on a very fine line.”
One of the shirtless guards produced a sawed down 45 calibre pistol and smiled with his yellow teeth.
“The science of killing is one which most take for granted. We face uncountable occurrences which could cause our bereavement from life. My job is to just force the hand of nature.”
The man and his bodyguards laughed. The shirtless guard took out an apple and bit a large chunk out of its flesh.
“Take that apple for instance,” Julian continued. “The pips contain hydrogen cyanide. Very dangerous in large doses, a medium dosage can still cause headaches, nausea.”
Everyone fell silent.
“Right now, there are minute traces of many radioactive elements in our bodies. It only takes a collection of this to cause a painful death. For instance, the largely open apple trade has crossed many oceans to get here. On the way, certain elements such as polonium (bi-product of a nuclear fission reactor) might end up in the ocean breeze, which eventually finds its way to the apple. A juicy bite could cause a lingering death, very painful.”
Everyone was silent, and the suited man finally smiled.
“Very unlikely events, I need a man who can carry a gun to do his job.”
“Guns are very crude. I rather prefer a more subtle approach, but if you do require it, I am a very sharp shooter.”
“Excellent,” the man said briefly. “I’ll consider your placement.”
The day was hot in the sun, and the suited man was making Gralso sweat even more. The day had been going well, however. Gralso’s job made him hate the day and love the night. He wanted the sun to disappear.
Gralso looked behind him to see what the suited man was staring at.
“Good day,” Thomas said and walked up to the suited man, Gralso knew exactly who he was.
“Is this man giving you trouble?” Gralso’s rival said to the suited man.
“I was about to consider giving him a job. He has special talents.”
“This man is a fraud,” said Thomas, and the suited man nodded, Gralso twitched.
“Have you wasted my time?” the suited man asked Gralso calmly.
“Certainly,” Gralso replied while the shirtless guard threw away the apple and raised his pistol.
Thomas knew something was wrong by the way Gralso looked at him. He just had enough time to hear Gralso’s earpiece flutter before the shirtless guard was hit in the neck by a high calibre bullet. A piece of bloodied apple scattered to the floor.
Thomas un-holstered his knife, but another round struck his arm before continuing into the suited man’s solar plexus.
Thomas stumbled into the table, grasping his arm tightly.
“She shot me!” he howled, dropping the knife in pain.
“You were in the way!” replied Gralso before toppling the table and running to the other side of the café, anxious to escape the exposed courtyard.
More guards were coming out of their positions, and the concealed sniper was struggling to pick a target.
She was contained in an abandoned hotel’s top floor, the rifle resting on its bipod on top of the folding table.
She smiled as she saw Thomas hobbling away, a bullet detonating a brick on the wall by the café.
She inhaled deeply, moving the crosshairs over to the shooting man. She was in luck. The distance from the shooting area allowed her to aim directly on the crosshairs, and most of the guards faced away from her. She liked it that way. Unable to see the face of the person she shot.
The rifle made almost no sound as she fired again; a small, short lived cloud of blood blooming from the guard’s head. She was trained to aim for the chest, but sometimes she couldn’t afford a lost second.
“Gralso, they’re heading for the square. You know what to do.”
Gralso was running along a passageway, his rival running alongside. Thomas was running with a hand clutching his bleeding arm, the other grabbing the earpiece Gralso handed to him.
“You shot me!” he shouted when the earpiece was securely fitted.
The sniper smiled on hearing this.
“That makes us even, doesn’t it?” she said.
“I was about to finish my job, and you two just barge your way in!”
“We were sent here because you couldn’t finish the job, you could have got us all killed by that little stunt of yours!” Gralso interrupted.
“Talk to him,” the shooter said before she let off another shot.
“You shot an agent on duty; that calls for severe reprimanding!”
“Oh shut up,” the shooter said. “You’re lucky you didn’t get anything important in the way.”
“Damn you!” the rival said before he jumped onto the chain link fence Gralso was scaling.
A pair of guards emerged from where they had just run through, and Gralso took out his gun to deal with them.
The compact 9 millimetre pistol cracked off three shots, making the guards scatter.
“Hurry,” shouted Gralso as he jumped to the other side of the fence, just as his rival did the same, stumbling when his injured arm threw his centre of gravity.
They ran towards the parked car and Gralso smashed the window with his pistol.
“They couldn’t just give us keys,” he muttered under his breath, jumping into the seat and connecting the two broken wires underneath the steering column. Gralso had fitted his own starter motor, and his own starting mechanism. Every agent had his or her own way of starting cars, it was essential.
“Just get out of here!” shouted Thomas as he slammed his door; and the car lurched forward.
The cobbled streets jarred them as the car turned up the street.
A lone guard suddenly saw the broken window of their car and took out his pistol.
The first two rounds cracked the windscreen at an odd angle, but the third and fourth impacted at ninety degrees.
The car slammed into the guard and smashed into the side of an old building, renovating one of its rooms in the process.
The materialistic car was one of the luxury liners, and Gralso suddenly became thankful of the team who had stripped it of its air-con and massaging seats.
The car bounced over the guard’s body and continued down the narrow streets.
It sped up as it passed the café, now deserted by the sniper’s handiwork.
“Where are you?” Gralso shouted into his earpiece.
“I’m in the street,” she replied, and the car suddenly screeched when Gralso floored the brakes.
The door opened, and the shooter climbed in with her rifle in a guitar bag. She was already dressed in civilian clothes.
“We need to ditch this car,” she said as they sped up again, it appeared as if no guards were chasing them.
“You could have warned me that you were on board,” Thomas said, not ready to give up on the argument.
“We needed to act fast, your cover was compromised,” the shooter replied.
“How do you know that? Surely I would have known.”
“Don’t you get it? Your target was hiring contract killers.”
“To kill you,” Gralso interrupted, turning the car onto a back road. Thomas’s face shrunk.
The car was travelling fast along the road, bringing up a cloud of sand. Thomas felt a numb feeling by his stomach, and his inspection made him gasp.
“Stop!” shouted Thomas, and Gralso turned to look at the moaning man.
Thomas removed his hand from his stomach, it came away bloody.
*
The shooter opened her door and pulled Thomas out of the car, Gralso slammed his hands on the steering wheel.
“You’re lucky being with the boss’s pet,” the man said to the shooter while she dragged him.
“He’s invincible, bullets don’t get him.”
“What now?” the shooter said to Gralso, who saw how bad the wound was.
“Leave me here for the vultures. Yes, I know all the stories of your operations,” the rival said to Gralso.
“What’s the time?” Gralso said to her, who looked at her watch.
“Nine o’clock.”
“Perfect,” Gralso replied, and took his phone out of the shooter’s jean pocket.
He scrolled through the contacts and found the number he was looking for, before dialling.
*
Closer to the equator, a man who came by the alias ‘doctor’ was having a wholesome lunch in a humble diner just outside his workplace. The sky threatened rain instead of heat.
The diner was carefully watched by the men eating their lunches in an opposite, less expensive restaurant.
It wasn’t fair to the doctor that the diner served such great food at such a low cost, so he had persuaded the owner to higher the prices for the heavy wallets belonging to influential customers. Barely anyone noticed, except the owners.
He was in the middle of his coffee by the time the waiter brought the bill.
The doctor looked at the amount, and then looked back up at the waiter, dissatisfied.
“The owner has raised the prices?”
“Yes, again,” replied the waiter, and the doctor pursed his lips.
“Tell the owner that his food isn’t this great,” he completed, putting the fifty dollar note down onto the table.
Just as he was preparing to leave, the phone rang in the waiter’s pocket, the ring tone as distasteful as the high bill.
“Excuse me,” the waiter said nervously, digging through his pocket for the phone.
The doctor put another fifty dollar note on the table before climbing up from his seat and going over to the waiter, pulling the phone out of the back pocket.
“Hello?” the doctor said once he had answered it, the waiter stood in shock.
“It’s me,” Gralso replied, “I’m in a bit of a snag.”
The doctor pursed his lips again.
“I thought I told you only to phone this number in an emergency.”
This shocked the waiter even more.
“One of your agents is dying, is that serious enough for you?”
The doctor turned around to the waiter and gave a one moment gesture, before walking out of the restaurant, the waiter knew better than to ask for his phone.
The breeze was brisk as the doctor moved along the sidewalk.
“It’s not my job to cater for every one of your needs, Gralso.”
“Yes, I know, but the agent needs an airlift, and you know without authorization from a hospital here, he can’t get one.”
“So get authorizatio-”
The doctor immediately understood.
“What is the agent’s name?” he sighed instead.
“Thomas Richards,” Gralso replied.
“He is due for retirement soon, so I know what you’re going to ask me.”
“He’s very bad, doctor.”
The doctor stood still for a moment, thinking. Gralso had been doing very well since his training, but he had spotted something else in Gralso’s personality. He had become ruthless, dangerous, but never rogue. He had a due sense of diligence, and the doctor admired him for that. Nevertheless, he didn’t know the man anymore, he didn’t trust him.
“There has to be another way, Gralso.”
“No.”
The doctor sighed again.
“Then you have your authorization.”
The line went dead, prompting the doctor to throw the phone to the floor, and crush it with his foot.
*
Gralso and the shooter drove away, kicking up a thin line of dust. Thomas laughed in the sand as he watched the car driving away. He had betrayed Gralso, and he had been denying the rumours ever since. That Gralso didn’t leave those who betrayed him alive. He tried to deny it as he watched the car move away, but secretly, he knew it was true.
About the Author
Justin Muller is a fifteen year old novelist from South Africa. His acclaimed novel ‘The Glass Forest’ and his poetry have touched thousands of people across the world.
Get updated on Justin Muller’s latest fiction, receive new content via social media, and join in the news by visiting: www.justinmullerbooks.com
Justin Muller’s Twitter Page: www.twitter.com/JMullerbooks
Justin Muller’s Blog: www.justinmullerbooks.wordpress.com
