
DIGITAL VENOUS
by Richard Gohl

SMASHWORDS EDITION

PUBLISHED BY:
Richard Gohl on Smashwords

Copyright ©2013 by Richard Gohl

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced without written permission, except for brief quotations to books and critical reviews. This story is a work of fiction. Characters and events are the product of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Acknowledgements

Thanks to Magherita without whom this book wouldn’t have happened
Thanks to Tom Flood for editing and feedback
Thanks to Kate Hogan for editing and feedback 
Thanks to Anne Smith for the faith
Thanks to Phillip K. Dick for inspiration
Thanks to Peter Carey for Inspiration


Foreword

Sonnet 12
When I do count the clock that tells the time,
And see the brave day sunk in hideous night;
When I behold the violet past prime
And sable curls all silver’d o’er with white;
When lofty trees I see barren of leaves
Which erst from heat did canopy the herd,
and summers green all girded up in sheaves,
Born on the bier with white and bristly beard;
Then of thy beauty do I question make,
That thou among the wastes of time must go,
Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake,
And die as fast as they see others grow;
And nothing ‘gainst Time’s scythe can make defence
Save breed, to brave him when he takes thee hence. 
– Shakespeare


CHAPTER 1
Jaguar Gods

As a Nanopean city guard, Shane was often required to track down rogue members of his own people; individuals who had taken to the pastime of ‘getting Real.’ He had personally dealt with more than fifty incidents, where Nanopeans in altered states had enacted their violent fantasies as creatures of prey on the Subterranean population.
There were buriers, burners, burrowers, bashers, baiters, biters and all manner of physically augmented weirdos from the extinct pantheon of wild creatures: bats, cats, wolves and weasels, lions and leeches, insects, birds and reptiles.
These activities were carried out, sometimes by individuals; often by small groups of Nanopeans who abducted or killed Subs for their own nefarious purposes. It was a form of hunting role-play in which Nanopeans would use the latest in surveillance technology, evade guards, somehow leave the city and hunt their underground prey. Sometimes it was murder, sometimes rape, occasionally, torture had been involved and sometimes, Shane had seen evidence of all three. 
He couldn’t understand such social dissolution: these were Nanopeans, men usually, with the world at their fingertips, who had become bored, broken off from regular ETP use to start their own club. They preyed exclusively on Subs.
Shane had once followed a group called “Jaguar Gods.” They altered their bodies to make themselves more feline: had fur implants, retractable claws and dental alterations to include carnivorous incisor teeth. They could have done all this in the virtual world but they had to make it Real.
When they were fully clothed this particular group looked like any other Nanopean fashionistas, but after arresting and jailing two of them, Shane had seen a sight that haunted him for a very long time. A jaguar was caught sneaking in through the Crafers gate one morning. It had taken three guards to restrain the creature. He had been placed in a cell and Shane’s old colleague, Captain Charles Crompton had called him up to the Crafers watch-house. “You’ve got to see this,” he said to Shane on arrival. “Caught him with his hand in the biscuit barrel.” 
“Congratulations, getting serious up there are you?” asked Shane, teasing.
“… a regular night for us really…” replied Crompton.
“So Jag-man was down there over-night was he?” asked Shane.
“We don’t know how long he was down there.”
“How many?” asked Shane
“Three dead in Crafers; but we don’t know how far this Tom-cat’s been roaming.”
Shane walked through the ground floor of the building to the cells at the rear and there in all his naked glory, was a Nanopean known as Warwick Smith. He had short black hair on his torso, arms, legs and face – but it had grown somewhat unevenly and amongst it there were patches of exposed red skin. His nose had been flattened and a few wiry whiskers added. His dead eyes were a silvery colour. He was lying down with tail curled up between his legs.
He was truly insane. Over many years, his fantasy had taken hold and later manifested in the body as a fully realised monstrosity. On many occasions he had satisfied his desire to taste Sub flesh and blood as part of the jaguar ritual. 
Shane whistled in astonishment and asked, “Does it talk?”
“I’ve tried… nothing,” said Charles. “…just territorial angst. You try.” Shane stepped up to the bars. 
“Good morning Warwick. How are you today?” No response. “What were you doing down in Crafers old chap?” Warwick sat on the bed perfectly still hands resting on his knees and just stared coldly. 
“Let me in there – I’ll have a quiet word,” said Shane.
“Going to unleash some of that famous Wing charm?”
“Oh no nothing like that…” said Shane. 
Charles opened the cell door. Shane stepped in, leaning forward, hand outstretched:
“Mr. Smith I …” Warwick Smith sprang up and a surprisingly loud snarl escaped from between clenched teeth and curled lips. 
Shane pulled his hand back and both arms went up in the air in a non-threatening gesture. “Easy, easy…” A faint hissing noise could be heard and Shane even saw hackles on the creature’s neck and shoulders upstanding.
“OK look, I just wanted to point out that … I know, you don’t like Subs, which is fine, – I don’t like them either, even captain Compton here, isn’t mad on them… but we don’t eat them… do we. Doing that can cause big problems…” Shane continued like this for some time but Mr Jaguar was exercising his right to remain silent.
Shane had to agree that Subs lived like savages and were parasites on the Nanopean people but treating them cruelly, worse than animals, was not good for business. Pound for pound, Subs were faster and stronger than Nanopeans, easily angered and when driven by revenge: almost always fatal to members of the Nanopean population.
The desire for retribution had fuelled various Sub forays into the Nanopean network and indeed the city, often with catastrophic results. It was up to Shane to keep the two groups separated to prevent such escalations and if they had to work together, to keep it civil.
Shane completed his work from day to day, enjoyed the company of his wife when required, had an active game life and, at times, was called away on business to see after some security threat or other.
Shane could have gone on like this indefinitely. He enjoyed his life. His health was impeccable. For some people, Nano-Enzyme Therapy never agreed with them and euthanasia was the inevitable outcome, but not Shane. Since becoming a Nanopean he had enjoyed an excellent run of health. He had lost his eye sight once (for 2 months), been severely burned eleven times from friendly laser fire, shot with old school guns too many times to remember, died twice (heart attacks), had 6 transfusions and a broken back. Shane was a survivor and a testament to N.E.T. He was well adjusted and living in a truly civilised Society. Nanopeans had free time. Time to play, time to think, time to learn and love. Most of them however were rather too bored to do any of this and indulged in elaborate forms of escapism.
Nanopeans enjoyed freedom from the tyranny of a material world. Society had never known such freedom. They were living at the apex of humanity. What did they do with this rare historical opportunity? Absolutely nothing.  
Sure there were do-gooders worrying about the state of the race, the future, the planet, the environment and the plight of the Subs etc.  But hell, Shane was 140 years old, if he had have cared so much he would have taken that trip out to Saturn 38 years ago with all those other well intentioned guinea pigs...and where would he be now? Sucked into a black hole somewhere. The intrepid 500 interstellar explorers had vanished – there were no signs of foul play or mishap – they just vanished. Understanding of black holes and the dark energy force mortifism, was then scant. 
Now, there was far more confidence in space travel; ever since mortific energy patterns could be seen and predicted. Mortific anomalies in space - best described as being like weather cells on the Earth’s surface, but without the limitations of air, land or water. The energy was all around, was passing right through us, like an aquifer rising and falling through a body of land. Mortific energy came through the universe in tides. Once called a black hole, a Mortific vortex had unimaginable gravitational suction: an invisible, million year old vacuum cleaner which would one day collapse in on itself and make a new galaxy. Some were as big as a finger nail, others, the size of a planet. The energy was now being used to power space travel.
Shane was not particularly interested in scientific theory. Whether or not they were to find utopia on another planet was not his concern. Seriously, he didn’t think it existed and in the meantime he was at the head of his field keeping Nanopea free from Sub parasite infection.


CHAPTER 2
Singularity

It just as well that Shane had little interest in history because the first 120 years of his life were a blur. Physically he was fine: fit and healthy – he just couldn’t remember what life used to be like all those years ago, when people lived under a blue sky and ate and drank and had children and …died. He had lived through the period of change: when food ran out. Shane had been one of the affluent people who had chosen a new way of living in a protected above-ground mountain city. The rest tried to hang onto the old way of living and moved underground. 
People had always wrangled with survival and many species of the human kind had lost the battle. One group of survivors accidentally created fire. Later, in the Stone Age, one of them envisioned a hewn blade in a rock; another solved the problem of metallurgy in the iron-age. In the industrial age they mechanised production, buying profit and time to develop a new lifestyle. 
And where the ancestors sat grooming one another for parasite morsels, the personal computer age brought us a modern equivalent in electronic social networking. But that novelty soon wore off – as the software was internalised. They called it Singularity. Meanwhile, the geneticists lifted a curtain, revealing the pulleys and levers of the human body; useful but limited without electronic extension. 
Ever since the invention of the boomerang, right through to the PC, the political movement of the human was toward a merger with the physical world by becoming one with the tool. Desk-top, lap top, hand held, wrist bound, sub-cutaneous and deeper, where it then vanished and was gone: self-powered, auto - renewing and completely invisible; cellular machines.
Of course, Shane didn’t remember any of this. He knew that in 2200, a solar flare directly destroyed life on one side of the planet. 10:15 AM; Europe, the Middle East, India and Africa – all in the direct line of fire. Billions died. In these worst affected areas there were few survivors; people who, for some reason or another had been underground during the forty minute ordeal. But theirs is another story. 
Indirectly, many others perished world-wide as the magnetosphere was temporarily disrupted. Without this protective buffer, much of the planet’s atmosphere simply blew off into space. Although the magnetosphere reestablished itself the atmosphere did not. Radiation baked the surface by day and deep space froze everything by night. The sun was just too strong; plants could no longer harness its energy. Panic took hold and a worldwide food shortage galvanised surviving nations into finding solutions.
If Shane could have remembered anything he learned at school it would be the name of Australian geneticist “Sydney Popper” whose work in the early 22nd Century on automatic cell maintenance started to be taken very seriously. He combined what he had learned about the human genome and disease inheritance with ideas (he was accused of stealing) on the mechanical targeted delivery of enzymes.  Using mice, Popper had successfully trialed a system of nano–cell therapy which not only kept them healthy in the presence of any transmissible disease but seemed to extend their normally short lives. At the time, Popper was a media sensation who was said to have a 51 year old rat called Spencer who could allegedly read. Popper himself had been well into his hundreds yet had not aged over forty.
Normally, DNA evolved through genetic inheritance or mutation. Now Popper and his associates used the genes of 1 man and 1 woman, both of whom had been bred to be with a limited tendency toward cell mutation or disease. The first step in the process was to flood the body with artificial trojan lattice DNA, causing a chain reaction of growth over the existing chromosomes, transmutating the individual person into a copy.
Stage two introduced the enzymes to nourish, extend and where required, renew every cell for that body type – without affecting the memory. Start taking the therapy and become either that man or that woman, living a life in a body that can be perfectly maintained without the need to eat. Nano-Enzyme-Therapy (N.E.T.) was nutritious and clean whereas food was not only an inefficient form of nutrition, but also contaminated the body with a myriad of toxic by-products, clogging the circulatory system and causing dangerous mutations.
In his latter years, Popper worked with Shang-Hai based, nano-technology innovator, Chung Fun Wan, whose master stroke was to put in place a method of digital chemical renewal of those nano “swimmers.” The human body could operate on a monthly, digitally transmitted, hunger cycle. Internationally the technology was banned, until rich survivors in Australasia and the Americas realised that living without food was not only necessary but emancipating.
Shane was one such individual. He started his military career as security officer at the Port wharfs, had later become a bodyguard for the Prime Minister (a time when Australia used a political system from one of the ill-fated Euro nations) and had also inherited hills Real estate, which proved to be valuable turf in the following years. 
He had always been a gadgets man and had become something of an expert in personal electronic defence systems. So it was that Shane, after selling off some land, had the money to be one of the early converts to N.E.T. He felt such freedom and optimism that he became a spokesman for the new technology. His combination of innocence and strength drew people to him; he could be the butt of a joke, have everyone laugh at him, but then shrug it off with a smile. He could take a hit, have a laugh but also had the gift of the gab. All qualities that would make him a strong leader.
No one expected just how successful N.E.T. would become; not even the developers. Who would have believed that millions of tiny machines swimming around the body could keep you young and alive? 
The language of science was never a compelling one, so when it came to ‘important details’, no one was listening. Great problems were solved, incredible devices invented, with only a few individuals being in possession of the knowledge. The knowledge of how things actually worked. These small few developed a very great power. 
This power only increased when international production of N.E.T. materials went into overdrive. Those scientists became an elite class of billionaires who formed the various bureaus called “The Peoples’ Service.” 
At the time of the disaster many of the old world elite vanished and their riches were “taken over” almost as if to say “finder’s keepers,” usually by those with the information, power and money to simply stake a claim. It was the same old story: surviving wealthy players simply collected assets, commodities and shares that weren’t actually for sale, just by being in the right place at the right time. Only the rich could afford the new therapy. They cashed in and became the Nano-peans or Nanopeans, forever altered. They set up mountain cities with walls to keep out the others, and a jagged roof to keep out the sun. 
This population had already assumed 90 % of the world’s wealth and in paying for the implementation of the expensive N.E.T. most of that wealth had gone to a very small percentage of the worlds’ population – Service Officials. These elite who understood and managed the new therapy couldn’t or wouldn’t explain it to the rest of the world. On this account many survivors rejected the Nanopean NE.T. proposal and went underground out of the sun, to eat and grow hydroponically, living and dying as humans had always done. 
The Nanopean population, denied reproduction, soon reached a plateau or, with the euthanasia option, went into a slow decline. But those that settled the underworld, continued to reproduce, refashioning their culture in a subterranean existence. 
Relations between the two groups were kept to a minimum but resentments bred resentments. On one hand ‘Nanopeans had made all the sacrifices and embraced the future: the “subs” were just a burden and a drag on the environment. On the other, ‘Nanopeans were unnatural: one individual using up multiple lifetimes while keeping “Real People” as an underclass for slavery and child theft.’
 Humans had always been good at holding those different from themselves in contempt.


CHAPTER 3
From Shane’s window

The Lofty Mountain city was one of only 16 Nanopean cities on Earth. It was as far south as possible to avoid the northern heat, while staying above water level. The foothills on the Western side of the Range were the high tide mark and the city extended East from the mountain ridge. In Asia and the Americas there were some thirteen other Nanopean cities. 
Shane lived with his wife Mia, in the Spiral precinct in the South Eastern section of the city, adjacent to the Belair Gate. From the upper window of his house he had quite a view. The incandescent white haze of the sun bled out its pale fury onto the already over-baked hillside landscape to the East. The environment was still quite beautiful in its decrepitude. 
The random structures of the city were enclosed by huge jutting, sloping, terraced, three centimetre thick “Lunatex”, a type of silicon - glass. From a distance the city looked like a giant amalgamation of crystal made from smoky topaz. This glass prevented the people from being burnt alive yet provided light and a view out to inhospitable terrain, a golden sky and the unpredictable weather. In Reality the sky was white but from behind the smoky glass, it looked golden brown. In this light the occupants were suspended like insects in an amber time capsule. 
A company called “Intelava” revolutionised architecture with laser projection building. To build, a laser blue print of a structure was beamed onto a location. Then molten moon dust was drawn up into the blue print, from the bottom creating a solid, strong and detailed frame onto which other layers of the building were projected. Digital designs of any nature could be projected into the air, forged into Reality by running high tensile molten lunatex along the lines – any shape, anywhere. 
Internal cavities were filled the same way. Bombarded by meteorites for millions of years, the extremely dry, fine lunar soil, was made up of rock particles, mono-mineralic fragments, and various kinds of glasses including agglutinate particles – all perfect for laser projection building. Moon dust had been harvested over a century for that express purpose. Using the power of the space vacuum, moondust was hoovered up in bulk and carried across to half a dozen of the space stations above those cities who had taken to this form of building. The man in the moon had been sent into early retirement. The mining company was quick to recognise a wonderful advertising opportunity. The moonscape now featured the company logo: a colossal “i” for Intelava. 
A problem with this method of building was that subsequent building layers did not always fuse sufficiently with previous layers. Molecule integrity scans determined where this had happened and Subs performed the dangerous task of laser welding buildings where fusion had not occurred sufficiently.
Shane could see in the distance, today’s selection of Subs coming up from underground and in through the Belair gate below and to the East, to begin their daily work. 
Most Nanopeans occupied themselves in the virtual worlds of information, entertainment, spirituality or extreme pursuits. Shane worked closely with the Peoples’ Service in security. He was proud to say that he’d killed many Subs attempting to steal, hijack or perform various other acts of terrorism on the Nanopean population. He used a laser bolt pistol. 48 hours of shooting before recharge. Not that this was required ofcourse. In the unlikely event of a “flat battery” an emergency charge gave the user an extra 24 hours of solid use. The last 20 years had seen the end of laser “beam” weapons. Although more destructive they posed a greater risk to the wielder. Beam guns shot a continuous arc of blistering laser energy capable of cutting concrete. Unfortunately, they had a tendency to “lock” and fuse with a target causing meltdown at point of origin, i.e, the person holding the gun melted.
Shane watched Subs as he had done, nearly every day for a hundred years. He felt sorry for them; it was too late for them to change now. They were trapped in a subsistence underworld. But there was no humility in them: they all shared the same stubborn outlook on life: ‘Nanopean’s are unnatural! What’s natural anyway?’ Thought Shane. ‘It’s natural to want the human race to survive. Some of us will and some won’t. That’s why I’m here and they’re, there….evolution.’
Shane yelled out to his wife, bringing up an ongoing moral debate: “Y’know darling, you wonder why I have no problem sleeping at night…”
“I never said that!” she yelled back from the atrium.
“Well, that I’m not consumed with guilt over the things I’ve done…”
“It’s your job and I respect you for that!” answered Mia.
“Yeah but… I mean it’s the hypocrisy I can’t stand.”
“What are you talking about!” she demanded. 
“They…”
“Subs...” Mia clarified.
“Yes. The attack on Friday was all about our lack of care for the Earth… but I don’t see what they’re doing to help?” 
“I know darling. They have old fashioned beliefs.” She agreed.
Shane was a dog with a bone: “How can they not want to help find a new world?”
“Don’t pretend you care about any of that!” said Mia.
“Well they still need help from us. We made all the sacrifices.”
“Tell me about it!” said Mia.
“Look at them streaming in here like insects asking us for help!” he waved his arms out at the window as he looked across to where the Real workers were coming in.
“Leave them alone darling –they’re not hurting anyone…they come in here to do our dirty work!” Mia replied.
The Peoples’ Service had long taken the credit for ‘tolerating’ different responses to the environmental change. The Service suspected that Subs might play a role in the evolution of the species yet. 
“Allright I’m going to Belair Gate; what are you doing?” Shane asked her. Mia was a typical Nanopean looking female without the usual augmentation or body sculpting: 170 centimetres tall, well built, brown hair, hazel coloured eyes and strong nose. 
“Try not to kill anyone today darling!” She said with a wry smile. They kissed.
“You know me, only the naughty ones.” Said Shane. 
Shane arrived at the Gate and sat up high observing the entry of the Subs in electrotelepathic communication with his guards on the ground. He was the Captain; if he saw anything untoward, he let them know. As one of the earlier Nanopean converts, Shane’s experience made him a highly valuable employee. There was nothing he hadn’t seen. 


CHAPTER  4
Free Time

Nanopeans had a lot of free time yet found themselves to be busier than ever. 
After the general introduction of N.E.T. in around 2200, it had only taken twenty years for food to be forgotten - with the absence of cooking shows and body weight programs in the media, a huge gap was left in the collective consciousness. 
Political leadership was virtually impossible to organise with such widespread use of telepathy. Individuals tried but just couldn’t build up any power or momentum. It was ironic that in a society where everybody had a ‘voice’, political action seemed impossible.
Capitalism, also, had run into several major problems: Nanopeans no longer needed basics like food or medicine - everything they wanted they could get for free. Like a tired old hawker, Capitalism depended on selling things that no-one wanted.
 Society had experienced the commodification of every action, activity and object. All aspects of life from the bathroom to the bedroom had been a commercial opportunity and eventually people just got sick of it. For a long time there had been the circular nature of the ‘demand,’ or ‘tolerance’ for these items. But after about 50 rotations of the cycle (several hundred years) people became bored with the variations on the same tired old products. And as the product was inextricably linked to the process, Capitalism fizzled and when status became determined in other ways – the dollar lost its mojo. Money still existed but was no longer the driving force it once was. It was a problem because a common political solution had often been to “let the market decide.” Indeed a great many socio-political decisions had been determined by this principle.
So Nanopeans existed in a little vacuum, not making any big decisions; their only obligation being to allow the nightly occupancy of their mental Real estate while they waited for the discovery of a new and better world. And as rent they were all paid a small pension. 
Nanopeans had a lot of spare time and had become the most pleasant, the most sociable, cosmopolitan and chatty population to have ever graced the planet. Because of their homogeneity, their affectations and mannerisms grew to be accentuated. 
Fashions and trends moved so quickly through the Nanopean world that groups of people could be following ideas completely at odds with those in another part of the planet. For example, after years of godlessness, the Los Angeles Nanopean population were going through a hyper religious phase. This was influencing clothing, music and the massive telepathy industry. The entirety of their population was spending 12 hours a day in prayer and meditation and some were promoting the salvation and inclusion of Subs in Nanopean affairs.
Beijing Nanopeans had all developed an obsession with the colour white. Their cities were white, their clothes were white and their bodies were white. To achieve this, the skin could either be bleach-dipped or tattooed using a process called Zumi-wash where the body was three dimensionally scanned, punctured thousands of times and then painted in a glossy white liquid turning the skin to alabaster.  
The same fashion trends applied to game groups to which Nanopeans could subscribe. They made contributions to a communal fund for which they were provided with regular updates and the latest software. Anyone could contribute to the development of a game. Sometimes, it went the other way - simply by playing the game, a user could generate an idea and would automatically be remunerated for it. 
The game designers became very good at targeting things the Nanopeans couldn’t have. They dreamt of freedom, youth, children and death. Playfulness was highly prized but an anathema to modern Nanopean life. Most people were old – they had no playfulness but were extremely sentimental about a time when they were. Many spent hours each day walking around in pleasure centres, playing character games where they lived double (triple or quadruple) lives as different, more innocent people. 
Their games could be played any place – any time. All a person had to do was access the game area via ‘Iris Navigation’, a contact lens sitting permanently in the eye. It was one of numerous pieces of hardware carried around in the Nanopean body. The IN lens was a transparent screen, allowing simultaneous normal vision, on which a number of connection points could be accessed and connected remotely with a number of information systems, internally and externally. An arrow, seen on the lens was controlled by moving the tongue across the roof of the mouth. Commands were activated by holding the arrow on a desired item. Someone could be looking at a map, reading or writing while looking you in the eye and having a conversation. A little rude maybe, but common enough. IN allowed Nanopeans to use the Service information system, access goods and most importantly for the Nanopean government Service: connected people to the telesync network – mandatory during sleep every night. The Nanopean body was a self contained library, communication network, memory bank and mobile health centre. Nanopeans could request and access free health checks via IN. At any rate, bodily chemical analysis was completed by the Service on a nightly basis during telesync.

A Nanopean could have one eye on Reality while the other was elsewhere. Sitting on a train, walking down the street or even during sex – a Nanopean could be in more than two places at once. In the virtual world, extreme activities such as kill-sports, bondage, obliteration drugs, warfare and anything involving high-risk, were more popular than ever and almost completely safe. 

In his spare time, Shane was so far gone into the ETP game world of sex and the plethora of Memorex games available that he could hardly remember, from day to day, what was his latest novelty. A new pleasure in the game world, with someone you didn’t know, could keep him busy for weeks. 

He took drugs, which were freely available – not physically, but the experience of them. You could take anything you wanted. Although they were side effect free, it was easy to get “lost” in a morphine haze or disappear into an amphetamine high that could last for weeks. Shane’s preference was for the downer style, clean obliteration variety. It made him forget everything; the world retreated behind a giant luminescent sheet. No worry, anxiety or pain. Although a prodigious sleep walker in his younger days, as an adult Shane could never even remember his dreams. The drug gave that back to him. A wake up call – a pre-programmed alarm had to be built into the drug experience so one could emerge, hours later feeling fine, if a little stiff.
Over the years Shane had known people over who had “left the building”– friends who said they were leaving work and then disappeared – forever. Eternity via obliteration was not illegal. In fact the Service encouraged it. If you don’t like eternity here, go find your own... they seemed to say. Euthanasia was free and readily available on the first of every month and not just as a last resort but as a perfectly legitimate response to life. 


CHAPTER  5
Motherhood implant

No longer was youth wasted on the young. People did not become grumpy with age. Now youth was exclusively in possession of the aged. They had been awarded a charmed existence; healthy and young and many of them loved to stand out from the crowd.
Because each Nanopean man looked like every other Nanopean man and every woman like every other woman, they went to great lengths to distinguish themselves. Body augmentation was widely practised through skin implants, tattooing, hair implants, scarring, plastic surgery and pigmentation. And it was a strange phenomenon that for example, at a party in a room full of Nanopeans (all genetically identical), each person knew who the other individuals were. To you and I, they all would have looked the same. But whether it was the voice, the demeanour or “the look” or a combination of all three; Nanopeans never seemed to get one another confused. 
Traditionally human beauty had been about the most average. But when “average” was universally imposed it wasn’t long before the definition became very broad. A host of physical alterations became popular. Finger removal or extension was performed to provide sleekness or a look of grace.. Acid tattoo dips made any part of the body whatever colour one desired. Some Nanopeans ordered a hormone cocktail and grew opposite Sex organs. Ear removal was quite common and apparently had little effect on hearing. Beak-like nose augmentation was thought to be attractive. There was a style in itself known as angularisation. This could involve a suite of enhancements such as elbow and shoulder cap insertions, shin, foot, forearm and finger elongation – they all served to make people look more spidery – it was beautiful, if that was your thing.
Nanopeans who wanted to make themselves look like animals was nothing new – lions and horses had always been very popular but later ideas included insects (spider, praying mantis) birds and reptiles. 
On a social level, this physical sameness and their reliance on ETP led to particular style of humour becoming widespread among Nanopeans. When a Nanopean was talking they tend to over exaggerate their facial expressions to compensate for the sameness; to break out of their anonymity. The ability to give or understand subtle facial expressions had become lost over time. Many jokes then revolved around saying something which was patently untrue and watching the other person struggle to establish the fact. Poker face jokes. 
Although a great many of the physiological problems, associated with being human had been solved, evolutionary hangovers still persisted. For example, millions of years of evolution had ingrained a need in humans to reproduce and with that came a whole array of behaviours such as nurturing. Evidence suggested that in the case of a female, motherhood was a one–off drive, meaning that it could be satisfied with a single experience of motherhood. 
Hence the development of the motherhood memory implant. A series of highly detailed, individually tailored programs were given to the woman over a period of three weeks in which she grew to remember the birth and rearing of an infant.
With this simple procedure out of the way, a woman was then free to live unburdened with the discomfort of the motherhood drive. 
Mia’s birth experience had been of a caesarean section, as complications had arisen during labour where the child’s umbilical cord had begun to tighten around his neck. However, despite this alarming complication, the child had emerged perfectly from her womb and had been placed in her arms for that special period of bonding before he was handed over to a besotted father, waiting to give the baby his first bath.
However, the engineers at synapse freedom, detailed and personalised though their work was, had not managed to round off the narrative in a sufficiently holistic manner; the memory just ended in the toddler phase. Although from the mother’s perspective there was no grief associated with the experience, women reported more a sense of “awkwardness” around the lack of closure, many seeking compensation. Software developers argued that they had fulfilled their brief, that the implant was not about creating a neat little story but rather, constructing a genuine maternal feeling. Most agreed (and synapse freedom proved in court) that it was better than nothing.


CHAPTER 6
Electrotelepathy

Electrotelepathy had been the biggest thing since laser projection building. A company called telecasa revolutionized the communication industry with a slogan “don’t talk; be heard” and a product to back it up. Electrotelepathy or ETP. Human thoughts were found to have a frequency which, when channelled and amplified, could be heard. Humans had a number of bits and pieces inserted subcutaneously, one of which acted like a tuner and enabled a person’s thoughts to travel on a given, transmittable frequency. 
Ways of managing this technology included applications such as the “I am” loop: a thought projection – a mix of words and images summarizing your present self. Also popular was the traditional mass mail out of your thoughts at 4pm daily. Similar was the “thought blog”, for a more targeted exchange. The “partner program” (one of many such programs) provided couples with an ETP framework and included key questions prompting users and keeping the session on track. These were all popular uses of the technology and led to a huge increase in the homogenization of Nanopean society.
ETP allowed a tremendous flow of simultaneous conceptual volume, providing Nanopeans with a very fast way of connecting with and understanding others. ETP provided people not just with information but also with a sense of how other people felt. 
People would ask each other: “what do my thoughts sound like? Does it sound like my normal voice? What about when I’m angry?” Mostly Nanopeans said their friends or loved ones’ thoughts sounded like their speaking voices. Also, paradoxically that there was no voice but more a sense of that person, e.g. “I just know it’s you...it feels like you.... I feel differently when I’m on ETP with you than I do with someone else.” Other descriptions were that “your words form in my head in a ticklish sort of a way in a way that my own thoughts don’t.”
There was a theory that because totally new areas of the brain were being used and opened through ETP, that there was a useful hangover effect. So even when not using ETP some of its characteristics were still present. Regular ETP users reported the ability to not just an increased intuition of the thoughts, feelings and moods of others but also an ability to know what was being said – before it was said. 
ETP created true empathy. Traditionally it was believed that language creates meaning. But ETP changed this perception. By receiving the words of another as “thoughts” one received the feeling of Realization and awareness of that other person. It was said to bring out the best in people. You could “hook up” with people close to you and virtually share your whole day quickly and with little effort, such as in the partner program.
In the very early days of the network, ETP had its drawbacks. Nefarious uses of ETP sprang up everywhere. It was used to rob banks, subvert the legal process in court-rooms and deceive casino officials, to name a few. Anywhere Nanopeans could secretly conspire for personal gain, or steal someone’s ideas for profit, they did. The parent company, Telecasa, lost a fortune compensating victims of crime before their programmers reclaimed the mountains of money, re-marketing security products such as Scrambler, Buffer and White-out which limited or prevented the use of ETP in certain areas, be they personal or public. 
ETP also required tremendous focus. Without concentration it could become very confusing. Training was needed to use the new technology because otherwise any immediate thought one had was heard by the other person. A sense of calmness was required to be a successful ETP user. Whether transmitting or receiving, open ETP put a person in the telepathic stream of consciousness of another person without editing. Many a romance had its beginnings (and its end) through ETP. It could cause great fatigue; some users reported suffering migraines as a result of using it for more than 1 hour due to the intense level of energy required. 
There had been early instances of Subs infiltrating the network and leaving nasty surprises. They created “trip leaks” where a Nanopean could accidentally pick up a thought or chain of voices very difficult to control. There were warnings and messages in Nanopea to “Turn off your ETP unit before going to bed or you may never wake up.” And to “never get involved with someone you don’t know.” Some things never changed.  
For Shane it was something he would use with his wife after work – it was a quick and painless way of letting Mia know exactly how he and his day had gone. Aside from work, he seldom used it for communicating with anyone else. It was too intense for him to use socially. Mia on the other hand used it more often.
She would lie on her bed; eyes open, activate IN and remotely contact one of her friends. There was no greeting. No ‘hi how are you.’ There was a period of listening for meaning. Then a faint click like a change in air pressure from an altitude shift. Whispers. Echoes. Today it was Linda. Mia was mid stream in her consciousness and at point of contact, knew exactly what she was talking about. Linda was obsessed with a new man and ofcourse, not just any man.

Linda: His soul, a youth mix… a wisdom… physical qualities are not like the bond I used to share with harry but it’s there instantly…whenever I know he’s there like with you mia…its been a long time mia…come and hear him speak …hear Aiden… he speaks about how we can all be… all one… …and the Subs… we are Subs too. He talks about how we can achieve it. Through collective contemplation… they travelled light years as a group they soared beyond the milky way … an end in itself. No ofcourse Aiden’s not the first but under his guidance – we can make sense of the enigma. You don’t think he’s genuine which is why you must come and share his space. It builds on traditional meditation, not demotivating – empowering. That there is no right or wrong – analysis creates evil. Everything that will happen has already happened. It’s not fatalistic because there is still beautiful chaos. Come experience Aiden, he makes it all clear.

This information passed from Linda to Mia in seconds. And although Mia had “said” little, her presence and acquiescence were also clear to Linda. For Mia, each space between each word gave an image and a feeling. Where face to face verbal communication was two dimensional, ETP added the third. 

Mia now knew what this “Aiden” looked like and felt she knew him. For Linda, like many Nanopeans, religious and metaphysical ideas came in and out of fashion. The guru, Aiden, had reinvented an older idea based on the “one moment” philosophy. The roots of the religion were many and varied but the main inspiration had come from a physics equation which proved that linear time was a fallacy. Many Nanopeans chose to interpret this as a type of fatalism where the past, the present and the future were all happening at the same time. 
Aiden was one of the new non-materialist Nanopean philosophers. The ancient concept of nirvana was just around the corner if only people would stop playing pointless games. Aiden believed that if Nanopeans could be rid of these facile desires and be rid of the thirst for novelty, then amazing phenomena could take place. A world of pure intellect, spirit and transcendence could be attained. He believed it could be reached as a whole population, simultaneously. And that this would evolve the human species to a higher wisdom. Part of their doctrine was a belief that more should be done to help the Subs, to guarantee a place for all, in the new world. A place where traditional forms of humanity, such as death and aging coexisted with Nanopean lifestyles. 
Lifestyle applications of the One Moment philosophy, tended to revolve around meditation, harmony and love. Unfortunately Nanopeans weren’t quite ready for One Moment. Many of them still had over-bearing sex drives, destructive urges for personal power and continual but fleeting desires for novelty. And all of these hungers could be easily fed by pressing a few buttons or navigating an arrow around the roof of one’s mouth. In fact the Nanopean sex drive had been shown to have been accentuated – whether as a result of N.E.T. or boredom, no one was quite sure.
Aiden was another in a long line idealist visionaries; the type of guy that Linda was attracted to, that Mia found amusing and that Shane couldn’t stand. To Shane their main activity seemed to be inactivity.
Mia liked to keep in touch with friends but in a world full of novelties and amusements: was still bored. There was one thing she wanted but not allowed to have.
Mia responded:
He sounds fascinating. I’m happy for you. Where when? Right now I just am ..no passion… enagagement…lacking spice… depression. Shane is elsewhere. I’m out of endorphins. I know I look great but can’t shake this feeling.Mia could feel her friend’s disappointment and desire to fight the depression. “Was he there? No?” She was on her way around; on a mission to show her friend the root cause of the problem. It was and always would be Shane. 
It was wrong of her to deflect the cause of the problem onto Shane. But it just wasn’t safe to discuss some things in the public domain. You never Really knew who might be listening. Shane wasn’t the cause of Mia’s discontent. Mia’s Real problem was a Nanopean taboo.


CHAPTER 7
Telesync

Via a fleet of 20,000 space probes, The Service were surveying planets in the Milky Way, creating an ever increasing demand for data processing space. In the year 2100 The Service claimed they had “unlocked” the mind. The brain, as was long suspected, turned out to be far more capable, in terms of processing and storage than anything mechanical. Through Electrotelepathy the Peoples’ Service had remote access to the Nanopean Body. 
As brains were linked, each Nanopean city in the world operated like one organism as every Nanopean brain in the city was switched on and open, for temporary data storage in a process resembling an old technique called seeding. The Service called this “telesync”.
Every night in each participating country, the brains of thousands of people processed information from deep space. The Spaceships were surveying new worlds seeking a home for humanity and all Telesync contributors were, for their trouble, guaranteed a place in the new world. Nanopeans had lived through the solar flare holocaust. They had seen how it had nearly finished the planet. Prior to this, pollution had damaged the Earth beyond repair. The combination of these factors meant that humans had to evolve and move on, or die out. Nanopeans were now so transportable that the solution and indeed the common belief was: It’s time to go.
There was little of the necessary protective magnetosphere left. The lack of plant life meant a lack of food and also a major O2 crisis. Despite the chemical processing of sea-water to create oxygen and fresh water – Nanopeans were united in their drive to find the location of a new and better world. Telesync was how they would find it.
There was always at least one country performing a telesync. Masses of data were sent back from the explorer ships. Spaceship planet fly-bys picked up geo-physical, electrical, biological, magnetic, mortific, photographic, chemical, gravitational and radioactivity data for analysis. Every night, each brain was used as a temporary storage unit, seeding this information to allow the necessary scale for information processing. Once the data had been gathered in total, it was all relayed back to centralised locations. 
Although so many facets of Nanopean life were dependent on something mechanically generated, many Nanopeans, and Mia was one of them, still liked to think that all the answers could be found “within”. In the memory or the soul. 
Shane undressed for bed and said jokingly, “y’know often when I wake up from telesync I see round shapes floating in my brain, imprints from…”
“Round shapes?”
“All those planets that come through every night,” he closed his eyes and put his fingers up to his temples. “I can see them now, circles floating…”
“It’s either that or a throwback to doughnut days…you’re probably hungry,” said Mia playfully.
“Doughnut? What’s ‘doughnut’?”
“Round sugar coated food. I was reading about it yesterday. We used to eat a lot of sugar.”
“No I don’t dream about food. Why would I dream about food – I don’t need food.”
“Weird how we used to eat ...” reflected Mia.
“And drink,” he said. Shane liked how she got him thinking.
“Do you remember it?” she asked
“What eating? No, hundred years ago now. Seems strange putting live things in your mouth…”
“Yeah or dead things!” she grimmaced.
“That’s right: cows and sheep! Back then, we didn’t know any better.” Shane recalled.
“Yeah, it was fun though. I remember picnics,” she went on, “we had picnics. Y’know you could pack a bag of your food, take it somewhere and eat it there – like out in the open somewhere.”
“You mean like in a forest or a desert?” Asked Shane.
“Probably not a desert but... yeah. I remember doing that once. When I was a kid. We went to these special gardens in the middle of the old city – down on the plains, there were plants from all around the world – big trees, ponds, flowers... grass. And you shared the food and ate it together.”
“Wow! Wish I could remember stuff like that.”
“You probably could if you thought about it.”
“Nah it’s all been wiped now.” Said Shane. He gestured with his hand, sweeping it across the top of his head. Shane continued, “But I would’ve done all that… wouldn’t I? I’m sure I would have!” He tilted his head and he looked down at the floor, thinking. He said, “I might just have an implant - you know just for old time’s sake.”
“Like I said,” replied Mia, “It’s in there you’ve just lost access to it.”
“Nah... the sheer amount that goes in every night - you can’t physically hold all that information. You know I can’t remember anything about my childhood?”
“Well that’s sad.” 
“Yeah well you think you can. Half of that stuff probably never happened.”
“I think I’d remember my own parents.” It annoyed her that he wouldn’t acknowledge her memories.
“You would think so...” he said and changed the subject. “…Anyway in we go again tonite. Good ol’ Telesync.”
“Yeah. They go in, rape our minds and then leave.”
“Rape’s a bit strong – I don t think they leave anything behind; hope not anyway.” His head hit the pillow with a loud thud.
“Well it is rape.”
“Well it’s not – you allow them to use your mind; and it’s for a good cause.”
“Oh do I have any choice?” her tone suddenly bordered on tearful.
“Well not… anymore no…” Shane’s voice trailed off. 
“It seemed like a good idea 50 years ago.” Mia lay down on the bed. “It’s brutal...”
“Oh well, when we’re having a picnic on the new planet and eating... what are they? ...donuts, under a friendly bush, I’ll remind you of the brutal regime that got you off this burnt up rock we’re stuck on now.” Mia leant over and kissed her husband. His simple optimism was a comfort. “A friendly bush huh… goodnight you.”
The pair inserted remote link ear-plugs. These emitted a sleep inducing white noise. They were out in seconds. 
One hour later, as they lay sleeping, two telewave beams, from a satellite 250 kilometres directly above them, flooded their synapses with enough information, that had it been electrical, their heads would have lit up like Xmas trees. Enough data to fill a house with books, sparkled away in their brains – fizzled there for 15 minutes then left as quietly as it had come.


CHAPTER 8
Mia Wants a Baby

To Mia, it seemed like the greatest scam in history that Nanopean women had to endure the painful charade of the reproductive cycle without any of the benefits. It was relentless; every month, the same cramps and feelings of doom; followed by the bleeding. She didn’t understand why The Service couldn’t simply just work out a way to stop it. 
“I can’t have a child!” She yelled from the bathroom to her husband, “Why do I still have to go through this!”
Shane rushed in with arms outstretched. “Darling! Keep it down! We’ve been through it before!” Then in a hushed tone: “Yes he’s a machine but he has feelings.”
Mia sighed “I know, sorry.” 
“There’s nothing worse than a depressed robot – just be careful – his ears are incredible.”
“I get it!” she snapped. “Sorry I’m irritable!” she snapped again. “It’s just this bloody period! It’s pointless!”
“I guess it’s your right as a woman” said Shane. 
“To what?”
“To, you know, menstruate...”
“That is like being able to catch trains but not being allowed to get off at your stop.”
“Mmmm… I’m not sure if it is like that...” Shane knew what she meant but couldn’t see what was so bad about being on a train. 
“The point is that I don’t have any rights as a woman.”
“You have plenty of rights as a woman and… you never know it might come in handy one day.”
“For what!”
“Like when we get out of here – then we can have as many children as we like.” Said Shane.
“Oh yeah and I have a little kid that looks just like the little kid next door and every other kid in the street! I run out to the park and yell “come in for dinner little Tommy!” and a dozen little clones all laugh and say: “but we wanna keep playing mummy!” 
“You know it won’t be like that. You’ve still got your own... what are they? Gametes. You still have your own DNA – your body’s just been fooled into thinking you’re someone else.” Explained Shane, positively.
“Yeah well that’s exactly what I mean... Do I have my own DNA? How does anyone know what they’ve done to my body, to your body? We just go on day after day, playing these pointless games, believing that we’re all going to revert back to some ancient human way. You don’t even remember what a doughnut is.” She sniffed.
“Hey come ‘ere. Don’t get so upset. You’re acting like it’s some kind of evil conspiracy...”
“You said it...”
“It is going to be OK. Everything else they said would happen has happened. We have a great life; can do... experience anything we want...”
“I want a baby.” Said Mia.
Shane covered his face. “Oh not this again.” He looked up and said to her quietly, “You have one. He adores you. Why won’t you let him in?”
“You know that’s not what I am talking about!”
Mia had heard about a hormone blocking agent available through a Sub dealer. It was originally manufactured for the Subs by Nanopeans to control their rabid population problem. Nanopean women had used it to mask their hormonal activity, to protect themselves from nightly digital analysis - and hide pregnancy.
“Even if you did get pregnant and by some freak accident it escaped Service detection... what are you going to do? Keep it in the cupboard?”
Mia was silent. Shane continued with his argument: “Everything Robbie sees, the Service can see, if they can be bothered looking.” 
“I’ll keep Robbie in the cupboard for the next 2 years. See what he sees in there.” Mia did have a ruthless quality. 
“You can’t abuse him.”
“He might have a little accident.”
“By the way where is Robbie?” said Shane trying to move off the topic of murdering their robotic son.
“He’s cleaning his room...” Said Mia flatly. “like we told him to…about two hours ago. He’s so obedient it drives me insane!”


CHAPTER 9
Robbie

To Mia, it seemed like the greatest scam in history that Nanopean women had to endure the painful charade of the reproductive cycle without any of the benefits. It was relentless; every month, the same cramps and feelings of doom; followed by the bleeding. She didn’t understand why The Service couldn’t simply just work out a way to stop it. 
“I can’t have a child!” She yelled from the bathroom to her husband, “Why do I still have to go through this!”
Shane rushed in with arms outstretched. “Darling! Keep it down! We’ve been through it before!” Then in a hushed tone: “Yes he’s a machine but he has feelings.”
Mia sighed “I know, sorry.” 
“There’s nothing worse than a depressed robot – just be careful – his ears are incredible.”
“I get it!” she snapped. “Sorry I’m irritable!” she snapped again. “It’s just this bloody period! It’s pointless!”
“I guess it’s your right as a woman” said Shane. 
“To what?”
“To, you know, menstruate...”
“That is like being able to catch trains but not being allowed to get off at your stop.”
“Mmmm… I’m not sure if it is like that...” Shane knew what she meant but couldn’t see what was so bad about being on a train. 
“The point is that I don’t have any rights as a woman.”
“You have plenty of rights as a woman and… you never know it might come in handy one day.”
“For what!”
“Like when we get out of here – then we can have as many children as we like.” Said Shane.
“Oh yeah and I have a little kid that looks just like the little kid next door and every other kid in the street! I run out to the park and yell “come in for dinner little Tommy!” and a dozen little clones all laugh and say: “but we wanna keep playing mummy!” 
“You know it won’t be like that. You’ve still got your own... what are they? Gametes. You still have your own DNA – your body’s just been fooled into thinking you’re someone else.” Explained Shane, positively.
“Yeah well that’s exactly what I mean... Do I have my own DNA? How does anyone know what they’ve done to my body, to your body? We just go on day after day, playing these pointless games, believing that we’re all going to revert back to some ancient human way. You don’t even remember what a doughnut is.” She sniffed.
“Hey come ‘ere. Don’t get so upset. You’re acting like it’s some kind of evil conspiracy...”
“You said it...”
“It is going to be OK. Everything else they said would happen has happened. We have a great life; can do... experience anything we want...”
“I want a baby.” Said Mia.
Shane covered his face. “Oh not this again.” He looked up and said to her quietly, “You have one. He adores you. Why won’t you let him in?”
“You know that’s not what I am talking about!”
Mia had heard about a hormone blocking agent available through a Sub dealer. It was originally manufactured for the Subs by Nanopeans to control their rabid population problem. Nanopean women had used it to mask their hormonal activity, to protect themselves from nightly digital analysis - and hide pregnancy.
“Even if you did get pregnant and by some freak accident it escaped Service detection... what are you going to do? Keep it in the cupboard?”
Mia was silent. Shane continued with his argument: “Everything Robbie sees, the Service can see, if they can be bothered looking.” 
“I’ll keep Robbie in the cupboard for the next 2 years. See what he sees in there.” Mia did have a ruthless quality. 
“You can’t abuse him.”
“He might have a little accident.”
“By the way where is Robbie?” said Shane trying to move off the topic of murdering their robotic son.
“He’s cleaning his room...” Said Mia flatly. “like we told him to…about two hours ago. He’s so obedient it drives me insane!” 


CHAPTER 10
The Renewal Paradigm

Nanopeans decided early on that without a mortality rate, there could be no birth rate. Life was “extended” indefinitely. People were not dying; resources were limited so International Nanopean law criminalised reproduction - children were banned and euthanized if discovered. 
 The Service kept an eye on female fertility during telepathic exchange and upload periods. Nanopean women could become pregnant but were unable to produce a placenta. Changes in female hormone levels were monitored automatically; if pregnancy hormones were detected, a foetal termination would occur via a renewal paradigm during TELESYNC. This was a digital signal which triggered Nano cells into delivering an electrical impulse to the ovaries, which then released hormones to fool her body that she was not pregnant and the embryo was lost. This kept women strong, healthy and focused on the moral imperative of saving humanity. 
Many women were not even aware that this was happening. Some, well attuned to their bodies, sensed their pregnancy and the hormonal changes occurring within them. Mia was like this; she had been pregnant 17 times. The last time this happened, she had been taking the illegal blocking agents, to mask her pregnancy and protect her from the renewal paradigm. But the pills hadn’t worked. She had woken one morning, feeling more than usually exhausted, thinking that she’d wet the bed. She had, only it was blood, white and oily with large fleck of red through it. 
Mia became bedridden, falling into a depression. After a fortnight of barely any communication, as Shane was getting up one morning she murmured, “I’ve made a decision. I’m going in on the 1st.” That was 3 weeks away.
“You don’t want to do this Mia. It will pass. There’s so much we haven’t done. We have another life in front of us! They say we’re close to leaving. We could see the universe together...” Shane pleaded but Mia had heard it all before.
“How can you be so gullible? We’re never getting off this planet. I’m sick of living in this petri - dish.” 


CHAPTER 11
The Black Market

It took Shane two weeks to find the Sub-worker who had sold Mia the two month supply of hormone blocking agent. Workers were only allowed to work in Nanopea for several days at a time – it could be weeks or months before the same person came in again. It was an involved process but finally Shane was able to get the man alone. He had come in through the Crafers Gate to work in the Americana precinct. Just as the workers were packing up for the day, Shane quickly and quietly manoeuvred the suspect into the alcove of a building, his bolt gun a silent third party. 
“I want back every single traded item you scumbag.” Shane stood close barely whispering.
“Really,” replied the worker, forcing a nonchalant smile. “It’s against the law to request or obtain anything from a Sub worker.” Shane’s attitude radar was finely tuned. Turning his weapon sideways, he pushed forward, forcing it upwards under the man’s chin.
“Guess what? I am the law dickhead! I can have you killed like that!” Shane clicked his fingers.
The man knew it was true. There was even an ETP game “Death to Subs” Nanopeans did it for fun. The Sub had a rethink: “I can get you the Real thing.”
“What?” 
“I can get you a child.”
“From where?”
“They’re born sometimes...parent can’t look after it… unwanted ...single – life’s not easy down there. You gotta pay though. Bolt pistols.”
“You’re a funny little man! I’m not paying you anything. Like I said all I have to do is give the word and you and your little job up here are over!” 
“Allright one bolt gun but I’m not bringin’ in a child.”
Shane allowed a long pause – ‘Gee I’m good at this!’ he thought. Then said, “I can let you have a phaser rifle if you bring it to me…”
“How am I gonna get it in here though?” said the man desperately.
“Not my problem.” Shane stepped back and allowed him some air. “Do it and you get paid. Don’t do it and see what happens... know where I work?”
The Sub was a grey white colour and just rubbed his forehead. Shane showed his little badge.
“Oh great! You work for them...brilliant.. arse’oles,” the final word he said under his breath. Shane ignored it and said, “If you’d like to get to know me and my colleagues a little better – otherwise I shall see you here in 48 hours...” 
“48 hours are you...?”
 “I know your name Mark. Mark Luhrman. Don’t let me down.” This was the final straw. As Shane released his hold, Mark ran. He had about 10 minutes to make it to the city sponsored, out-road which lead down to the underground city of Belair. If he got locked in the city he could expect a night in a cell; no food or drink. If he got out but didn’t make it to the tunnel he’d be frozen stiff as night fell, brutal and hard straight from the cold depths of outer space. 
Shane – on the other hand had a pleasant, brief, high speed magna-rail journey back to the inner-western side of the spiral precinct.
 Architecture in the city was limited only by plumbing – and the imagination. Generally, Nanopea was arranged in architectural precincts. Popular designs for precinct areas ranged from the human body (the most famous being a naked woman leaning back with hands on hips) to extinct animals: dolphins, snakes, rhinos and the famous 48 metre Eagle house. Other areas favoured more classical forms of architecture, notably the Egyptian sector and the ancient Orient featuring beautiful Chinese pagodas. One cooperative had built a huge V; twin towers angled backwards at a 45 degree angle - looking straight into each others’ lounge rooms. 
Shane decided to wait and surprise her with the baby – if Mark Luhrman did not come through with the goods, there would be no added disappointment. But, thought Shane, “she needs good news and she needs it now!” 
The next day a fertiliser bomb went off just inside one of the entry points rupturing a section of the Blackwood Gate at the base, upward about 20 meters providing Mark Luhrman with the necessary diversion to pass into Nanopea – with one large back-pack and a bag.


CHAPTER 12
A Present

 “Hello.” Shane called out from the huge circular atrium to the bedroom above. “I’m back!” There was no reply.
Shane put the back pack down and walked through to the bedroom holding his other bag. Smiling, Shane said jokingly, “Honey I’m home.”
Mia didn’t lift her head from the pillow and made no answer.
He tried again, “Guess what I’ve got?” 
A groan came from the bed.
“Drop the clown show” Mia’s dry, wooden voice croaked, “I’m going Shane, there’s nothing for me here.” 
“Ok, well let me put it this way; when you find out what I’m holding and you still wanna kill yourself in 3 days; I’ll top myself as well.”
Mia’s head lay between 2 pillows. From under a tangle of yellow hair a hazel eye squinted. “Ok I give up.”
“At least sit up.” He said.
Her curiosity finally piqued, she raised herself onto one elbow.
“What is it?” She saw something she’d never seen before - a tiny little hand.
Mia hissed through her teeth “What have you done!” and wide eyed, sprang out of bed like an athlete. 
“It’s what you always wanted.” He said.
Whose is it?”
“Yours, now”
She saw a button nose, the eyelashes and her involuntary finger came up to touch a pudgy cheek.
“He’s still asleep.” She said dumbly. “How’d he sleep through all that?”
“ – He’s drugged. 
“Oh Shane no!”
“Just light...a very light sleeping medicine – for babies. Had to.”
“And they feed all the time! What are we going to feed him?”
“Got it.” 
“What?”
“In the bag. Enough milk for an army of these little things.” She went across to look in the bag. 6 months supply of concentrated dried human lactate.
“I don’t want to bring him up in our world – what will he think of us? I mean look at us! Look at him! Shane he’s so different to us! He’s Real! Oh my god he’s got blue eyes! We have to take him back!”
“Can’t…”
“We can’t keep a child locked inside forever.”
“We have to. Someone’s gotta look after him now. Whoever brought him in risked his life for us. They won’t take him back. Not now. Not ever. You don’t know how lucky I was to get this up here.” Shane shook his head “I must be the only one in Nanopea that actually looks at other people?” he said incredulously. “No-one batted an eyelid at me on my way up here!”
“He’s going to need Real food Shane! What then?”
“We’ll work out a way of swapping him over to N.E.T... it’s do-able. We wouldn’t be the only ones.”
Shane stared at Mia. Mia stared at the child. It was a crime of the highest level. Punishable by death. Mia smiled. “A baby,” she thought.


CHAPTER 13
Subterranean Female Blues

In Australia, all Nanopean cities had Subs living underground in satellite ghettos. Most were there because they couldn’t afford the N.E.T. in 2110 when the solar flare happened. Some just never believed in the Nanopean way of life. 
In the Real world, while a number of different types of coins were in circulation, the barter system was preferred. Each underground settlement had resource delegates – energy and water managers who, together with managers from the other settlements, maintained the grid and water distribution.
The underground cities were powered through the transformation and storage of solar power –now in abundance: 25 kilowatts per square metre; which was far greater than in the twenty first century. The sun’s energy rained down on the planet’s surface, unfiltered by the atmosphere, 365 days a year. If there had been a cloudy day, no one in the present generation had ever seen one.
Water was still a major concern. A single spring flowed fairly consistently from the depths of the Mountain and storage tanks helped to maintain the supply. All human waste was effectively recycled into drinking water and all water used in hydroponic production was filtered and recirculated.
But despite all this the Real people couldn’t prevent the loss of their most treasured resource – their children. The childless Nanopeans from the surface had been stealing Sub babies for years. Although there had been strong resistance in the 2260s, reprisals for that had devastated the Real population and the small rebel groups. Ten years later a group of four women and a man secretly formed to find the weaknesses in the Nanopean underbelly.
The people of the underground cities around Nanopea didn’t have time for monogamy and when children were born they tended to be raised by those who’d given birth to them. 
Alia Bokovski was exceptional in many ways. Charismatic, 181 centimetres tall and with a quick wit, she looked like something out of a Greek Myth. Long black hair, a small, slightly aquiline nose, dimples and dark features that could have been painted with fine brush-strokes. To top it off, she was athletic and voluptuous. Yet despite her wealth of unfair advantages over the rest of the feminine world, no-one seemed to resent her for it because she didn’t rely on her looks to get by.Alia had been pregnant when she and her husband had attempted to steal N.E.T. from the Nanopeans. She escaped. He did not. Someone tipped-off the Nanopean guards that day; they had known her surname. But there were no ID databases in the Real world. She’d never even signed her name, not on anything official. Guards had searched all seven underground cities for a female Bokovski. But being pregnant, Alia was living the quiet life. 
One morning, while she and her housemate, Sylvana, were home, Alia went to check on her two year old daughter, Wanda. It was unusual for her to sleep so late. To her horror she found the room empty and the front door ajar. The precocious child had recently worked out how to open the front door and had even ridden her little trike out onto the street. Today, however the tricycle was still in the hallway. 
Alia started yelling “No! No! No!” as she tore from room to room, looking under and behind every single object; calling out “Wanda! Wanda! Wanda!” Sylvana, who had just woken up, stood helpless, watching the chaos. For Alia, the terror in the shadow of her mind, came crashing through into the light of Reality and she screamed “They’ve taken my baby! I’m getting her back – they’ve taken her! Let me go!” Sylvana tried to calm Alia, grabbing her shoulders, but in the struggle, Sylvana slipped and fell. Alia ran out of the house into the underground street, up to the surface to the Blackwood gate. As she passed from the transdome under the walkway canopy to the gate she saw a group of a hundred or so local men moving in through the gate. She had no skin ID but in desperation hoped to enter Nanopea by blending in with them. The closer she got to the front of the queue the more she realised the insanity of what she was doing. She looked back toward the transdome and saw Sylvana come barging through the double doors. Guards and workers heads’ turned toward to look towards the commotion. 
Sylvana had spotted her. “Alia !” she called “Alia!” Guards walked straight passed Alia, guns raised – towards Sylvana, ready for an attack. Alia, sensing her moment she broke and ran in pursuit of the first group of workers who were now disappearing down the road into Nanopea. She made it about 30 paces before she was dropped by a paralysis dart. 
A stunt like that would normally see a Sub taken to the life-centre. Nanopeans looked for any excuse to reduce to the population - they were obsessed by it. Most people couldn’t believe they didn’t just shoot to kill, as per normal. But today she was lucky – there were far too many witnesses and by the look of it she was a well known lady. Fearing a revenge attack, the guards allowed two male workers and with Sylvana they took her home.
Sylvana and Alia’s relationship soon ended; Alia’s grief was insurmountable. She became impossible to live with. Her personal habits deteriorated. Her spark and sense of humour vanished - the old Alia was gone. Sylvana left to be with family in Greenhill.
For Alia, the obsession to find her child became intertwined with the struggle against the Nanopeans. It became the central focus of her life. Naturally, in time, she met others suffering the same affliction and together they thought about ways of wreaking havoc in the world above.
Bes Zini, a 22 year old Blackwood woman, had been looking for her child for 40 hours when she was found by friends, curled up next to a Stirling gate skylight. Suffering from exhaustion and dehydration they couldn’t get her to talk. Her baby had gone missing on a Tuesday and they had found her Thursday morning. 
There were no police in the Real world. No-one to go to for help. People had to fend for themselves.
 Bes lived and worked as part of a growers’ cooperative which meant that she shared housing and food and the hard work in the hydroponic gardens. She had struggled at night to maintain her sanity, looking after the baby on her own.
When her boyfriend died in an accident while working in Nanopea, Bes was numb with shock. Her friends at the co-op talked her through it but in between looking after the baby and working, there was no time to grieve.
Then her child went missing. Bes had nothing left to hold onto and nothing left in her emotional tank.
She had a breakdown and went wandering, searching for her child. She was eventually found and transported back to the commune – now just another statistic, in fact the third baby in as many weeks. Everyone knew where the children were going, but there never seemed to be any witnesses. There never seemed to be any proof. And in any case, there was no-one to tell.
It was 12 months before she could talk about it to anyone. But when she met Alia and her small group of friends, she drew strength from their desire for justice and retribution. Joining them may not have been the healthiest option for the recovery of her mental health. But in Reality, as they all found out: one doesn’t recover from that kind of loss. 
Big, bold, blonde and brash, Madi Johnson was the last one anybody ever thought would be the maternal type but when she suddenly became pregnant, the excitement and joy seemed magnified by the unlikely nature of the whole situation. The fact that there didn’t seem to be a man involved at all was not surprising; nor was the fact that she gave birth to a big and brash baby boy. 
Like all the Real people (as they called themselves), she lived on a subsistence level, underground, where survival was a full time occupation. The average life expectancy was 50. 
As a young girl Madi was seen as being highly intelligent – she was quick witted and bright but as she grew older her intelligence was wasted and she grew bored, often taking out her frustration on others. Although she could be fun and funny, her bitterness manifested in a cycle of cruelty and guilt; both conditions being aggravated by drugs and alcohol.
Her aggressive “attitude” was sometimes euphemized by friends in terms of her being “the wild one”. She was not unusual in her sexual proclivities; or her drug or alcohol intake. That’s what people did in the Real world especially at 22 years old. 
Real people tended to live in growing communes; underground hydroponic food production was labor intensive and the work was claustrophobic and exhausting. They didn’t work set days or hours – they just worked when they had to and it was often. 
Whatever the activity, people spent their free time doing it in pubs and often the children followed. Childhood was no longer a magical fantasy constructed by adults. They worked from a young age and went to school one or two days a week. 
When Madi’s baby arrived there wasn’t the room for it. The child spent each day in the communal crèche. She would pick him up after work – sometimes not until after she’d been “out” first. 
Madi had never felt “needed” by anyone or vice versa. Her parents had passed away when she was young so the language of intimacy was never learned. Male behavior associated with attachment was seen as “creepy” and such characters were quickly dispatched. 
With the baby there had not been any powerful bonding at birth– she had simply been too exhausted. The relationship between mother and child started to grow more through an intellectual process. But just as this understanding began to blossom, the baby disappeared from the crèche - Madi had been working only 50 metres away. 
Her grief was her own private black hole. Like Bes, she never spoke about the loss until she met other women who had been through the same thing. 
Claire had been teaching the day the gas was dropped. The school rooms, under a northern transdome in Blackwood, were well ventilated. But her house, where her small son was being looked after by her parents, was in a lower section of the street, where the gas seemed to concentrate. She lost all three of them and still carried the guilt with her everywhere. The horrors that had unfolded that afternoon, the chaos and the body count, was payback from the Nanopeans, in retaliation for the Anxiety Bug introduced months earlier. 
Prior to the gas drop, Alia had been a friend of Claire’s. They knew each other socially but as a pacifist, she often argued with Alia about how to deal with the Nanopeans; Alia was for resistance in any form, whereas Claire always advocated non-violence. 
Claire never wanted to know the full extent of Alia’s role in the sabotage of the Nanopean network which had caused the reprisals leading to the death of her family. She knew her friends targeted Nanopeans in ways that were morally questionable. But they were still her friends. 
Alia and Madi had known Wez for years. Although he wasn’t always around, he was an important member of the group. Alia and Madi had taken a shine to him after finding out he had a kid that he’d never seen. When the kid was abducted, for some reason the mother decided it was a good time to tell Wez he was a Dad - to a little girl he’d probably never see. Emotionally he was a broken guy, awkward and shy but a victim of the same injustice as they were. Although he was a listener rather than a talker, one didn’t have to know him long to see that the desire for revenge burned within him. 
It was only later they found out what he was capable of. 
Alia met Wez at her work and discovered he had an amazing double life. He could write in any digital language, understood the coding behind synapse imaging and the Nanopean network. Such pursuits were an anathema to the Real lifestyle. Wez didn’t talk about it much but when he and Alia began to see more and more of each other it was difficult for his “hobby” to go unnoticed.
Wez’s achievements were all the more remarkable because Real people had minimal technological resources. They had a primitive, hard wire computer network but not everyone had access to it. Many of their computers were of the desktop variety. Some had later hand held or wrist bound devices but these were for storage only and could not be used on the Real network. They did not have their own subcutaneous implants or remote, wireless connectivity. 
Real people who worked up in Nanopea had mandatory sub dermal ID tracking devices inserted.
Wez was not the only one in the Real world to have acquired the hard-ware and the know-how, to externally run a Nanopean style machine. The only problem was that their “Iris Navigation” (IN) system could only be accessed through a Nanopean eyeball.
To hack out an eyeball and hack into the network, was possible but once there, time was limited – a dead Nanopean’s ID was usually good for just a few hours, if you were lucky. At the suspected capture of a Nanopean his or her ID would be deactivated. 
To make it even more difficult a pirate user had to be within three hundred metres of a Tdock, the Iris navigation system would pick up the Tdock and a number of different pathways became available.   
Alia had been the first guinea pig to wear a Nanopean lens and with the help of Wez and Madi, they developed the anxiety bug. It wasn’t designed to be lethal but for many regular users of ETP in Nanopea, it proved to be the end. 
Although the three of them were never caught, when they found out the huge damage they had caused, they didn’t see each other for months. The Real world turned into a place consumed with death but when the child abductions started up again, they began to meet and discuss what might be done.


CHAPTER 14
Hunt

Shane heard about the escape and it was minutes before he saw his boss’ name, Magellan, flashing on his eye. Magellan liked to use ElectroTelepathy when talking tactics. It was silent, secure and left no room for misunderstanding.
Shane breathed deeply before responding to Magellan: Ofcourse I know about it. They went missing from a building site – from a ten storey building. 
Magellan was uncharacteristically hostile: This is the fourth breach in as many months. How does this happen, again?
Shane: There were three guards – the couple just vanished. But there’s no problem – there’s nowhere for them to go.
Magellan: I’m aware there is a good deal of trade on your watch. 
Shane: A little bit of health care stuff is all I allow.
Magellan: I know. That’s fair - it acts as an equaliser. But this is different Shane. These workers have been missing for nearly 48 hours; loose in the northern precinct. Do I have to remind you what this means?
Magellan was referring to the fact that this was the most important area in Nanopea; adjacent to the Lofty mountain laboratories containing all N.E.T. production materials and facilities, various mortet funnels for processing dark matter and creating axion and it was less than a kilometre from the space elevator, a hundred miles above which, sat Magellan himself.
Shane: No sir, no you don’t…The fact is there was a bungle with SCID. Those two workers officially left yesterday – they were scanned out, yet our head count was down two. But the whole crew were released before anything was done about it.
Magellan: How do you explain that?
Shane: We’re having trouble with some of our guards – we just can’t get the quality. There are too many distractions for them; too much else for them to do up here… there’s no commitment to the vocation anymore.
Magellan: Shane I’ve been tolerant. Far more tolerant than other Service officials ever would have been. I’ve asked you all the logical questions I can. Now I report to my colleagues and the answers you’ve given me will not satisfy. You will be asked to retire.
Shane: But I’ve kept security tight in the south since we started laser building – I’ve cleaned up sixty serious security breaches in the last year! I know how it all works. 
Magellan was measured, even suave: Exactly Shane. You know a little too much. So when I say retirement, I mean from everything. The Service will want you.
Shane: I’ll deal with it - I’ll see to them personally, tonight.
Magellan: Please do. 

Shane knew he would be impossible to replace and, as had happened before, the Service were in panic mode as they worried about their facilities. They wouldn’t force him to retire – they couldn’t. Shane had maintained a trade relationship with one of the escapees; an Evan Wilson. But now, rather than being motivated by purely mercenary concerns, Wilson had moved into a bigger league. The other person was someone with the surname, Bokovski – not a name he was familiar with.
Shane explained he had been called into work, left home straight away and made the high speed journey through the heart of the Nanopean metropolis and up to the modernist precinct. He didn’t like giving explanations about the nature of his work. It drove Mia crazy. Yes she knew his body could be repaired in case of injury but it was nonetheless a painful and drawn out experience. ‘Best not go into detail,’ thought Shane.
Using the network he sourced more information on the escape. The two workers had disappeared from the top of the building. That was a new one. In his 100 plus years of security experience, he had never heard of that before. There had to be one of two possible explanations: abseiling or base jumping. And neither were particularly plausible; where did they get the equipment?
Shane’s advantage was a combination of experience, instinct and superior technology. All he had to do was get to the area and do what he’d done a thousand times before.
Buildings were so easy to produce and Nanopeans had few other demands on their resources - architecture was booming. Architectural design fashion went from sublime to ridiculous and that was within 500 metres. But it meant buildings were often abandoned for a period, providing ample protection for those wishing to elude the law. 
Shane was well armed. He had a heat, magnetic density, CO2 and movement sensitive applications all available through his Iris Navigation system. Shane also had a device which measured organic material – at a distance. It was a scanner that sent out a signal and pinpointed living organic material. Nanopeans showed up as a silver shimmer. Plants tended to light it up a little, but a human body glowed orange. 
It was now dark and although it was a full moon, only a small amount of its brightness filtered through the tinted Nanopean roof. Will they be blending in or hiding out, he wondered.
Occasionally Subs tried to hide out in Nanopea indefinitely. If they could master ‘the look’ they could go unnoticed for as long as they had their own food supply. 
Shane assumed these people, like many before them, were aiming for the medical facilities near the Greenhill gate. Stealing N.E.T. was the usual motivation. No-one had ever reached the elevator – not even him.
On the street Shane passed several nightclubs – some of them operated 24 hours –Nanopeans were good at partying. They could take drugs yet be free of adverse physical reactions. A group of bohemian individuals alighted from a private magna-car. Three couples slid out of the vehicle and made their way toward the door of a club obscurely called “Lakeside”. The women were all in black latex of varying cuts. Their hair styles were huge, their jewellery itself must have weighed 20 kilograms. They moved as one, like the limbs on the shadow of a black cat. 
 The men were decked out in tight fitting dark suits, short in the arm and leg. They wore no shirts and either had Cuban heel boots or gym shoes. They all looked intent on having a seriously good time or maybe it was day 3 of a seriously good week.
Some “fashionistas” came out of the club; there were two of them – a male and a female. They stood at the corner waiting for two other females approaching from further down the street. The four greeted each other as Shane passed them on the street. Their physical alterations were so pronounced that Shane’s suspicions were aroused. Were they actually Nanopean? He was an expert eavesdropper. 
“Love your button nose,” said the male to one of the approaching women.
 She replied, “Hey! Thank you” They all kissed “Crazy beak!” Said Button nose. She was referring to the nose job he must have had done. Fashionistas were characterised by their surgical alteration to bones, skin and cartilage. Shane could see obviously that the male with the “beak” had also had major surgery on his chin and nose; the latter now being so large and aquiline as to resemble the hooked beak of one of any number of now extinct parrots. The male was also well over 195 centimetres tall and extremely angular, indicating thigh extensions and subcutaneous elbow and shoulder caps.
Shane also noticed the ‘button nose’ woman had no fingers. Her hands had been sculpted; even the stubs of her fingers had been taken so that her hands looked like fleshy paws. Her protruding cheekbones and enlarged eyes gave her the look of some nocturnal creature. Shane thought her very cute. The other female from the club had the vampira look which also spiked his interest. They (the blood sucking set) were one of a number of groups who hunted Subterraneans. If news escaped that a Sub or Subs were at large in Nanopea - Shane had to rush to get there first or there would likely be little left of the intruder. They had a network - if anyone knew about the presence of Subs it would be her. Shane pretended to be involved in some ETP conversation so he could keep listening.
The male from the club was talking about the music going on inside. Like most Nanopean night-spots, the “music” was generated by the thoughts of the people using ETP in the room. A particular music application was visible on the iris and by selecting certain images, colours, numbers and patterns while dancing, each person contributed to the sound being produced. There was not necessarily a particular rhythm or melody just a wash, a melange of sounds which evolved to the mood of the group. It was very popular. It sounded awful. 
The Nanopean man who’d been in the club, the one with the beak was talking to ‘button nose.’ They were all very animated, hyper and talking frenetically – gesticulating madly. Shane watched and listened. 
“I’ve been researching ancient music – it’s so weird.” Said the tall beak man. Somehow he was playing the music through his body. Shane realised it was coming through his mouth. The others in the group stopped their conversation, intrigued.
“Oh I just had this done – with the nose! There’s a micro speaker in my throat – it amplifies my voice…” He activated the speaker and his voice came out as if through a megaphone: “HELLO LAKESIDE!” it was deafening. They all fell about laughing.
Shane allowed himself a moment to examine each of them. They were typical Nanopeans; good storage fodder for the space program, they did their duty in that regard. But they lived utterly oblivious to events outside their direct sphere – in a way they had to. 
“Or…,” continued the beak man, “it plays music – uses my skull as a soundbox. Noise escapes here and here,” he said indicating his ears. “This song is…” He looked at the play-list on his eye. “It’s Gary Glitter. Twentieth century!” the song came out crystal clear and loud. 
“What is that noise?” asked the large eyed woman punching the air backwards and forwards.
“I just said… old music.”
“No I mean that “boom boom boom” thing. What is that?”
“It’s the beat,” replied Beak face, nodding heavily.
“It sounds…mechanical,” she said.
“Robotic,” added Vampira.
“It used to get them dancing – they’d move arms and legs around at the same time as the beat.” Beak face was a Real ethnographer.
“All together?” asked button.
“All at the same time.” confirmed beak.
“How horrible,” said Vampira.
 “Moronic,” agreed the other, fourth woman.
“That’s what happens when one person makes the music – before the music actually starts.” said beak man.
“What?” 
“Someone would sit around and just make up a whole lot of different noises, with a beat…” 
“So one person did all that?”
“Yes. They would write the music.” 
“That’s insane,” said button nose laughing.
“Selfish!” added Vampira. 
“And… that person would then put the music on a memory disc; a big round, black, flat disc. And then everyone would buy it.”
“How long did the music on the disc go for?” she asked.
“A few minutes.”
“And that was one sound?” button nose loved music.
“Just one set of noises – and they’d listen to it over and over and over.”
“So they all hold up their discs…” she asked.
“Records…” corrected beak man.
“Records… and that made the sound…”
“Well, yeah,” he confirmed. 
“How awkward,” she said.
“I know.”
“It’s so much better - what we’ve got now.” 
“Oh there’s no comparison.” The others nodded their approval.
“Frickin’ Freakoids,” said Shane disparagingly under his breath. 
He pushed on, making his way to the front wall and gateway of the research facility and saw everything locked and under 12 - camera live surveillance. He decided to begin at their destination and radiate outwards. 
Using his scanner he began on the Eastern side, moving slowly West, but in a North - South zigzagging pattern. Nothing. The bioscanner couldn’t see clearly through lunatex, so Shane had to carefully enter every disused building in the area. He was sure he would find them and if they weren’t in this area, he at least had a breathing space.
Shane was within 500 metres of the facility. The three major apartment blocks in this area dominated the skyscape. Done in a historical architectural style called modernist, the buildings seemed to be melting or made from some type of fluid or soaring overhead at impossible angles. 
The structure closest to the Bauhaus Service buildings, was deserted. No one had wanted to live so close to an area where there was 24 hour live surveillance. Nanopeans figured they were under surveillance enough already.
Shane wondered, and it had happened before – if someone was harbouring the escapees. He turned south from the vacant building deciding to survey some of the modernist apartments in the area. 
The honey glaze glow from the moon was now gone and it had grown very dark. The group of buildings on the North eastern side of the modernist precinct looked like flowing pleated white skirts, being quite slim at the top then billowing at the ground floor. The windows were set into the creases that ran all the way from top to bottom. He entered the ground floor of the apartment. There was music, a dance area full of people swaying and gyrating and a swimming pool – all popular. Shane strolled around the pool and saw a man standing watching the dancers. 
“You live here?” Shane asked
“Yeah. Can I help you?”
“Had many visitors tonight?” asked Shane.
“Oh the usual extras: boyfriends, girlfriends, locals… hangers-on.”
“Anyone… unfamiliar?”
“Ah there was a couple. Came in about 6. Looked pretty relaxed. On something. Had a swim then left.” 
“Appearance?” asked Shane.
“What are you a guard?”
“As it happens, yes I am. Can you describe them?”
“Are you serious? I wasn’t paying attention – I’m on some really good gear myself…
“Try.”
The Nanopean sighed loudly. “Guy had long black hair, was muscle. I actually thought he was a guard – I know you guys like to take that ‘rip and tear’ muscle ‘roid. She was, actually, a stunner. And was she built…” the Nanopean nodded to himself smugly, spreading his fingers apart and putting his hands up in front of his face as if he could feel the woman who was standing in front of him. “I mean she had a body …”
“When did they leave?” 
The man looked upwards, thinking hard. “Err, half an hour, hour ago.” What are they ‘sposed to have they done?” 
Shane replied, “Doesn’t sound like them, thanks anyway.”

Shane went back out into the Nanopean night, reactivated his eye scanner and headed North. One by one, he slipped into the ground floor of the other three apartments but they were quiet. He swept back Westwards along the edge of the Ancient Orient precinct. This wealthy area had wonderful views North along the range and West out to sea and was extremely tight on security. Moving North then East Shane came to the expansive apartment, vacated for as long as he could remember. It was the last check point in the area. Failing this he would have to travel South, from gate to gate along the Eastern wall. 
There was one peculiarity with the right-hand-side, Nanopean eye at night and especially a guard using any of the scanners –there was an eerie faint glow in the eye. It was actually very dangerous and Shane knew it. He regularly turned it off. 
Through an open window he looked into the darkness of what had been the foyer of the apartment block. 
Two small organic shapes lit up orange on his iris, high up near the roof. They were just pin points. He shut off the scanner, moved closer and looked with his naked eye trying to gauge the distance so he might tell what the objects were. Shane changed to night vision giving him a clearer view of the landscape. Across on the Western side, up high in the building, at the top of 10 flights of steps, someone was sitting on the roof, leaning up against something. The door to the roof had been removed so he could only see their two feet.
Shane removed his gun from the back of his belt, primed it then put it back. 
Keeping perfectly still, he flicked back to his scanner. The person sitting was still there. The feet moved, the person was doing something with their hands, something vigorous. He was shaking or cleaning some equipment. Then Shane saw another figure walk passed the gap in the roof and stand, partially obscured, next to the sitting person. 
‘Female.’ Thought Shane. ‘How did she get in!’ He could sense them getting ready. But to do what exactly?
Then he remembered: the report had stated that the pair were last seen on top of a building in the Roman precinct. “Two little birds,” thought Shane. 
He moved quickly, silently around the inside perimeter of the building, looking for a clear line of sight. Briefly he saw a human shape walk to the edge of the building, look around then disappear again. 
Shane had an ability for detachment at moments of heightened awareness. Both a blessing and curse because with courage, foolishness was never far away. He knew it was a remnant shadow trait from his previous 22nd century self. Shane had always loved playing virtual war games and frequently came away from a session without sustaining a single hit. It was dangerous to build up this sort of confidence and he struggled to suppress the idea that he was bullet proof. The key was to work harder and be more cautious in attacking your competitor.
He had engaged in hundreds of arrests and had been hit by Real ammunition, people or other weapons too many times to remember. If it wasn’t for generic body repair and Nanopean medicine, half of him would be missing.
He began the climb up the steps. There was no noise and if the two people on the roof had been moving around, they had now stopped. As he neared the top he heard a slow, scraping sound. Flicking on the scanner Shane’s entire field of vision flashed orange as someone swung down on a water pipe using the heel of their boot to collect Shane’s forehead. As he toppled backward, a laser bolt slipped out of his gun, up through the roof. Shane then fell down two flights of steps, coming to rest on the landing of the 17th floor and blacked out.
From above a voice said, “Shit Evan I’m hit!” 
“I’m coming. Don’t move,” he replied.
“I can’t jump,” said the wounded woman, “I can’t stand - my leg…”
“You don’t need your leg to fly. Get up.” Evan helped her up. “Let’s go.” 
“I’m only going to slow you down… leave me.”
She was in a lot of pain. Her upper leg now had an indentation where the bolt had shaved passed and burned through. At least there was no blood. One ‘advantage’ of being shot with such a weapon was that the wound cauterized itself.
Evan paused to think. “You can’t stay here. He’ll be traced and you’ll be found…” 
“I’ll take my chances…” she said.
“You’ve used up all your chances. Fly in, as planned. When I drop to land you keep going. Keep going until you reach the perimeter. There are numerous exit points in the Northern corner.” 
And what about him?” she said indicating the guard.
“Don’t worry about him. He fell a long way down.”
They grabbed their bags, their weapons and jumped from the building, flying over the high walls of the research buildings.

Shane woke only minutes later, scrambled to the roof top cursing his poor form, to find the two Subs gone. He ran back down the stairs, across the street, deactivated the southern wall security system and opened the gate. In the distance, he heard smashing glass, ran to the end of the 50 metre building and looking round the corner, saw the man inside the facility. The area was well lit. Shane scanned the scene for the woman. In the building, he thought. She’s already gone inside the building… Shane edged forward and with a clear line of vision on the man, aimed and fired a white hot bolt of matter that was so dense it was molten. The escapee dropped, arms flailing upwards. Shane moved in quickly to check if he was dead; hovering over him like a ghost. But where was she? He wondered. The building was huge but each section compartmentalised – she couldn’t have gone far. Shane needed this to be cleaned up post-haste. Reinforcements were sure to arrive at any moment. It didn’t take him long to work out she’d flown the coop.
He climbed back out the window and ran toward the Greenhill gate. Looking West down a narrow lane he saw three guards heading South toward the research building. They didn’t see him which was just as well – he was out of uniform and well out of his neighbourhood. Breathless, he came to the edge of the research facility wall. Looking through a window he could see the Greenhill gate. It was closed and there was no one around. There was no way she could have escaped here. Shane began running back, North-West along the perimeter; where the Nanopean roof came down to meet the external wall. It was unfamiliar territory for him but there had to be an exit point from the facility. 
And there it was. A double door: closed but unlatched. The wind was keeping it shut. He could hear it howling away mercilessly outside. He turned on his bio-scanner and as he pushed open the door, the wind caught it and slammed it back hard into the wall. Shane stepped through, reeling back as the cold night air bit into his face. He had no doubt she’d attempted the dangerous run across the freezing desert plain to the Greenhill transdomes. He strained to examine every shape, every mound, bump or rock in the surrounding landscape for her body but it was hard to keep his eyes open. She wouldn’t survive for more than minutes out here, thought Shane. Either way, she’s free.   
Shane reported the good news to Magellan immediately. The two had flown into the Service facility with winged body suits to steal as much N.E.T. as they could carry out. Apparently Wilson had an ill teenage daughter he hoped would be saved by the treatment. Their plan was to escape from the Greenhill gate and under cover of night, run across the desert to safety underground. Shane made sure that the News of their failure and his success was widely publicised. 


CHAPTER 15
Eyeball

Madi and Bes were given the job of going out and getting an iris or two. 
One afternoon, just after the return of the Real workers, Madi and Bes walked back through the searing heat to the Crafers gate in the East.
 “What the hell are you doing?” Asked the returning workers.
“We need medicine.” 
“Good luck with that; they won’t help you – not now; once the gates are shut that’s it. They’ll all be gone.”
“Well that’s just great,” said Bes, feigning disappointment. 
Bes was an attractive woman with big, dark eyes that flashed with energy and emotion. She was petit and fit, having worked as an exotic dancer in her teens. There was never a moment’s hesitation with anything she did. Her honesty and verve was an attractant to all men.
Men tended to find Madi scary. Tall, solidly built with long blonde hair and blue eyes. She had a quicker wit than most and an unpredictability that together could create in others, especially men, a feeling of insecurity. 
Despite the darkening world above, the hot dry wind pulled at the women’s hair as they scurried across the covered pathway to the Eastern gateway to the Nanopean city. There might be a brief window where they could catch a guard still around the perimeter gate.
Through the brown perimeter wall, in a tower above and to the left of the gate a bright light shone, silhouetting a figure inside. The girls waved and yelled out. They couldn’t be sure he was listening.
“Two guys have taken over our house!” There was no response. 
“Hello?” called Bes. Nothing. Madi continued trying.
“We managed to escape but now we have nowhere to go. No one will help us - the guys are dangerous. They’re in our house! We can’t get rid of them. They say they’re just waiting for us to give in to them…” The silhouette disappeared then a second later the main gate opened. A Nanopean guard peered through. 
“Can you help us?” asked Madi. “You’ve got much better guns than them. And they’ll listen to you…”
“We can’t go down there…” said the guard.
“But no one will help us.”
“Can’t you get someone else to help you? It’s against the law for us to come down there without an edict.”
“They’ve invaded our home….” The guard was losing his patience.
“We’ll make it worth your while?” Bes said with a smile. She grabbed her breast with her right hand and her crotch with her left and just stood there. She turned out her palms and extended her arms. Madi followed suite as if to say “take us”.
The gate closed again. Silence. 
“Hello?” yelled Madi. 
“Please! We need your help...” the two girls looked at each other blankly, unsure as to the outcome. The small doorway at the left of the gate came open. Two fully armed guards came out. They looked identical.
“Two of them! Fuuuuck” whispered Madi.
“Its fine relax…” said Bes through the side of her mouth.
 As the guards approached, Bes bounded up to them, grabbed one by the hand and said “Thank you, thank you. You are wonderful and so good looking.” She looked them up and down. Madi sealed the deal, promising, “We’ll pay you back in full, don’t worry!” The two girls smiled at each other cutely. The guards shot each other a sideways glance.
“OK then let’s get rid of these jerks for you…” 
“Thank you so much you won’t be sorry!” said Madi again. Bes turned giving her a wide eyed glance as if to say “you’re over-acting!” The Nanopeans had almost completely lost the ability to read faces and body language. Their use of ETP had over-ridden this skill. Glances shared between Madi and Bes went wholly unnoticed.
The guards spoke to each other in silence; looking intently at one another as they walked. Their heads moved slowly from side to side as each responded to the other. Several times they shared a look at the women and then back to each other.
 The streets were deserted except for a few people striding home late for dinner. In the Real world people tended to share accommodation so dug-out houses were large and could be extended where necessary. Communal living was safer and more economical. There was no “Service” to help the unfortunate; people subsisted and banded together to share the burden of living.
 It was already dark. Some of the street lights were flickering on. “This is a bonus for us!” said Madi. “We lose two morons and gain Nanopean gods!”
“Hey we’ll do our best,” said the guards they both laughed slow, dry chuckles.
“Let me go in first, give me two minutes; I’ll pacify them,” said Bes.
She went in, shut the door and made sure the two guns were stashed – one on each side of the mattress. A minute later she emerged onto the street and said, breathless “I can’t believe it! They’re not here.”
“Probably gone out to get more alcohol…”said Madi.
“They’ve left all their things there so…”
“They’ll be back,” said Madi. “You’ll still help us?” 
“We can wait a while,” said one guard.
“We can,” said the other, nodding.
They entered the house and walked down to a large common room. There was evidence of prolonged revelry. Empty bottles, food scraps, over-flowing ash-trays.
“These guys are killing us! We can’t live go on living like this!” whined Madi. The guards were completely entranced.
“What do we do?” Bes, a distressed damsel, never used this tone of voice but she was quite enjoying it.
“Have they been abusing you… in any way?” said a guard to Bes. His eyes didn’t seem to connect. He looked at her but it was if she were talking to a reptile or a bird – the small black eye observed her objectively like one species studying another through a pane of glass. 
“We’ve had some of that, yes…” Bes turned on the tears. 
Madi put her arm round her friend wincing at the guards. They remained impassive. She tried the direct approach: “Why don’t we grab a drink and retire to the secure room. That way when they come back you guys get the surprise element?”
“Let’s do that.” The guards almost talked in unison.
As Bes closed the door to the bedroom, one of the guards said, “Blow us first hey girls?” The two women exchanged a glance.
 “That old famous Nanopean charm.” Madi was in her element. She liked to play rough.
 “Sure” she said. “Lie down…” 
“You kneel here,” he said, gesturing with both hands down in front of him. 
“I don’t kneel for anyone – on the bed He-Man!” Madi gave him a gentle shove and the Nanopean did as he was told; boots, jacket, gun and all. Then she knelt down, unfastening his belt with one hand and squeezing her other between the mattress and the base, wrapping it around the gun.
Bes had moved her guard next to the mattress where the gun was hidden. It was all a bit shaky for her. As she knelt down in front of him and began unclipping and removing involved layers of uniform, his trousers loosened and the bolt pistol came loose.
“I’ll take that,” he said his eyes widening.  
But then, the two Nanopean guards didn’t know what had hit them. With shirts off, Pants around their ankles and in a dream world, the girls used the hand guns at close range. 
Madi’s gun went off first. One shot in the heart and her lover was no more. As Bes’s guard span around in horror, she slammed him down onto the bed. The 108 year old Nanopean looked puzzled as he watched the semi-naked woman put three holes in his chest. Their lights went out all too easily. The mattress was ruined. 
To the girls’ surprise, the guards bled a pinkish, white oil. It just kind of oozed out all over the place, slow and viscous. They had alert buttons on the front of their belts – belts which had hit the ground only moments before they had.

“We only need one but we might as well take both,” said Bes. “Do we know which one?”
“Always the right eye,” said Madi.
“Should we just take both, left and right, to be safe?”
“I’m telling you, it’s the right. You should be able to see it; green – blue tinge across the eye.” Madi stretched the upper eyelid back to show her.
“Ohh yuck!” said Bes. She gave a disgusted giggle. “God I hope he’s dead.” Then she added, thoughtfully. “You know they’re not bad looking really.”
“Yeah. They say they’re all different.”
“Mmmm. I can’t see it personally.”
“No. All look the same to me. How creepy’s their skin? So pale… and the veins.” With the flat part of her index finger, Bes pushed the vein on the top of her guard’s hand. 
“I know, gross. Heaps of veins! Grey and black,” said Madi. 
“Has yours got them too?”
‘Yeh! Look. Arms. Torso. They’re all over,” said Madi. 
“Ew.”
The two women realised the next part of the job was about to begin. 
“Do we have to do this?” Bes had always known she was cute enough to get away with a certain amount of complaining. This was not Madi’s approach.
“Said we would. We get the eyes – they take over from there. Fun and games. OK let’s do it.”
“What here?” asked Bes.
“Yep we’ll deal with the mess after.”
“You go first.”
“Ok. Knife.” Madi cut, extending the slits on the guard’s right eye. “Spoon.” 
“How’bout a fork? Looks tasty in there.”
“Shut-up Miss queasy or you’ll be tasting it.” Said Madi glancing quickly up at Bes who was standing well back. Madi levered the eyeball up on one side with the spoon then cut the through the muscle strands and nerves behind it. After repeating this on the other side of the eyeball she gouged the spoon in and pulled the eye out. 
“ohhh noo,” said Bes throwing her head back and to the side.
“OK your turn.”
“Can you do it?”
“Don’t be a wimp,” said Madi. She looked at Bes whose hands and wrists were all curled up against her chest. Madi exhaled heavily. “OK give me the knife…” Bes handed her the thin blade.
“Thanks,” she said purposefully. The whole thing was over in a minute.


CHAPTER 16
Anxiety Bug

A feeling of constant panic, a state of breathlessness, a sensation that a great calamity was about to happen; a fear of fear. It was a chemical, a hormone in us all, a gland over stimulated, secreting 8 droplets over so many hours. It was enough to turn Mia’s frail body in on itself. She scratched, tore, pulled her hair, bit herself and in the end was a poor, cornered wild creature. Utterly exhausted, like over 7000 other Nanopeans, mainly women, she died. 
The anxiety bug had been designed in the underworld and unleashed on the Nanopeans while they were using ETP. For those Subs consumed with ending Nanopean dominance, this was a victory.
ETP was shut down in Nanopea and when the war-like element in their community were convinced of the origins of their misfortune, a gas not unlike those used in world war one, was pumped through a dozen skylights, deep into the underground streets of the Real world. The results were catastrophic. 

Shane and Mia’s secret had been difficult to keep but the last year had been such a happy one for them both. Now she was gone, Shane didn’t know what he was going to do. An 18 month old boy and his job was about to get very demanding. Thank God for Robbie.
That same day Shane noticed one of his Service Commanders, Jeffery, trying to reach him through ETP. He engaged. 
Jeffery: Commiserations Wing. I figured if anyone on the guard would be itching to find the culprits it’d be you. It may not say this is in the “one mind” guide book for modern Nanopeans. 
Jeffery was highly amused with his own joke but managed to continue his thought: revenge can be a good starting place for the healing process.
Shane made no reply – which was lucky; Jeffery wasn’t interested in dialogue.
Wing you’ve been a loyal and steadfast captain - Magellan informs me and records show that you’ve personally cleaned up, what, over 70 escapes in Nanopea, Subs kamikazees; nut-jobs. I know it’s a tough time but I’m giving this assignment to you. We traced the source of the virus and it was local. We even know the launch machine. It’s some kind of Nanopean Octo-processor from the 20’s with enhancements stolen in the last 10 years. Find that signal and you find the perpetrator.
Shane: Local? My jurisdiction?
Jeffery: They used a T dock near the Stirling gate – launched the virus from there. So technically no, but Magellan and Pato both agree: you’re the man for the job. Only our Nanopean population were affected. What do you say?
Emotion started to well up as Mia appeared in his mind. But his passions had cost him parts of his body – on more than one occasion. Quickly he compartmentalised her to another part of his brain. 
A born salesman, Jeffery sensed Shane’s reticence and pushed harder: We know the author - Wez Carter, who works with someone called Alia and others – who all seem to be female.
Shane: How do you know?
Jeffery: View file 707 BR – contact me as soon as possible.
 Jeffery liked to think he managed individuals like Shane rather well. Push aggressively then back away; leave the ball in their court.


CHAPTER 17
Single Again

The anxiety bug left Shane without his wife and Ryan without his new mum. The baby had been a strange creature but one he had grown to wholeheartedly adore. In the early days, it had seemed like a mistake because it was impossible to please the little fellow. He’d cry for hours, as if he had known they weren’t his parents. Ironically, after seeking suicide for so long, Mia began to fear death – the penalty for having a child. Shane knew the punishment better than anyone; he’d sent a few that way himself. But it had all been about Mia; Mia’s depression, Mia’s boredom, Mia’s need to feel complete. To nurture seemed to be the key. So he got the baby for her. 
Now she was gone. 
It had been a long time since he’d had to deal with a personal crisis. Forty odd years in fact. This wasn’t meant to happen.
Eternity without Mia had not been an option. But now eternity had a whole new meaning. Man and small man grew close like flesh and blood.
There was sleeplessness, temper tantrums and crying. And that was just Shane. But the baby cried for his Mother. Robbie always seemed to know what to do. Most of the time the baby wanted to be fed, sleep or be held. 
 Obviously no one knew he had a baby. No one he knew could advise him on the topic and no one could help when something went wrong. He was well and truly on his own. 
Things sailed along quite well for a time then Ryan started crying and crying a lot. It wasn’t any of the usual things. A nightmarish few days passed before Shane realised that the baby’s teeth were coming through. But what to do? He gave a mild dose of pain killer which worked instantly. The child slept. But when he woke up again – he started screaming. None of the usual things seemed to work. Shane had a look at the gums – it was a horror show; they were all red. And the tears continued. Shane put his finger on one of the teeth that was showing through. Ryan chomped on the finger, locked on, and started gnawing, silently.
Shane did some research: history, baby humans, remedies.
Shane was pleased to find that there was a plant, a seed, which when ground up could stop a baby’s gums from hurting. To his list of black market desirables, Shane added cloves and olive oil. 
Shane found that despite his heavy security work load, he liked caring for the baby, putting the baby to sleep – he knew the kid needed him. When he was out, Robbie fed the little boy, read him stories and played with him. 
Shane managed, hunted and where necessary, dispatched Subterraneans by day and rushed home to Ryan in the afternoon. A usual day at work meant monitoring subs: scan in, transport to appropriate sector, perform appropriate task, scan, transport back to exit point, scan out, supervise exit. 
A less usual day might involve an escape. Subs were often developing new forms of technology to thwart I.D. and other detection systems. They often worked.
For Subs the system of subcutaneous identification was compulsory. No SCID tag no entry. But as the Nanopeans had developed ID systems the Real people had developed ways around it. Nanopeans wishing to see more of the city than allowed or simply wishing an overnight stay, could have a friend take their SCID tag out with them and return it the next day. There were any number of places; scar pockets, where a tag may be inserted. Some workers had these pieces of metal in and out of the skin like jewellery. 
Although it was illegal Shane allowed a certain level of trade to exist between the Nanopeans and the Subs. To his mind this was always going to happen so he figured that he’d allow it while controlling it and maybe even occasionally, scoring a win from it here or there. As Captain he could choose to observe you or look the other way.
Although Subs had a unique look, it was still possible for them to disappear into a Nanopean crowd. It had long been a problem for Shane; Subs who could masquerade as Nanopeans – Nanopean males were identical; Nanopean females were identical. However within this framework of genetic sameness there were hundreds of ways Nanopeans could distinguish themselves through body augmentation to create individuality. It was easy for Subs to use these same methods of differentiation to disguise themselves to fit in.
There was often more going on in Shane’s regular day than he let on to his Service managers. 
As long as there was no serious threat to Telesync – the Service were happy. If they could not process the planetary data necessary to find a suitable settlement location then they would surely burn up on Earth. Resources were limited. Clean water was limited. Time was limited. How long would the sun continue burning benevolently? Another flare was predicted. 
Today Shane watched Subs filing in from the Belair gate tower. He saw a man, unusually rotund for a Real person. He zoomed in and the face was familiar. He communicated with a guard below.
Shane: Troy Check 402
Guard: Whats up?
Shane: Well have a look at him – don’t think any Real person’s that obese are they?
Troy stopped ‘402.’ “Oi fatty! Hold it there!” Shane could see and hear everything from his post. There was no need for harassment.
Shane: Troy! Have some tact. If he’s that large get rid of him. Send him back. He’s a liabilty.
Shane heard Troy say, “I Don’t believe this. Concealed stomach extension.” Some yelling and a scuffle broke out. Shane heard Troy’s aggravated voice:
“Whatcha hiding in there eh? ... Unbelievable!”
The man begged: “Please this child has no parents! She’ll have no life down there.”
“Are you serious?” Troy was genuinely incredulous. He was a man who believed in the rules. Following procedures and punishing those who didn’t excited him. He unleashed his scorn on the rule breaker: “Aside from the fact that you’re in breach of a number of important laws; do you have any idea what having children means to the greater survival of all people? You and the child will go to the life centre… you have 11 days.” The guard was intensely passionless. 
Shane interrupted the proceedings from the tower: Troy?
Troy: Captain?
Shane: Great work, but send them up first - I need some info on this.
The four made their way up to Shane’s office. The sub walked in front flowed by a guard holding a bolt gun perpendicular to the man’s spine. The second guard followed close behind awkwardly carrying the baby – as though he was carrying a loose bag of oranges.
“Thanks men you can go,” said Shane to the guards.
“What about the baby?” asked the guard.
“Leave it here; on the couch for now until I’ve decided what course of action to take here.” 
“Captain the baby is entitled to euthanasia – best not to condemn it to a life of starvation and suffering in the underworld…”
Officer Pentland,” said Shane in a positive tone of voice.
“Yes captain?”
“Shut – up.”
“Yes captain.”
“Go back down and help escort the other scum to the Bauhaus precinct as you were instructed to do 25 minutes ago.”
“Yes captain.”
The two guards left.
“Well this is a surprise isn’t it Mark. Sit down. Dear oh dear … in a fat suit… ho, ho, ho…” Shane faked a chuckle. “Subs don’t get fat Mark. You should know that.”
“I wasn’t fat; I was just... big-boned.”
“Er no. You were very fat. I could see you from up here!” Mark sighed. Shane smiled before saying: “I must admit I thought you’d have a rest for a while after your little busy period.”
“Believe me this was going to be my last run. I wasn’t going back down.”
“What!” Shane feigned being flabbergasted. “Just thought you’d move in did you?”
“I believe in what the Nanopeans are doing…” said Mark.
“Subs are a blight on what remains of our planet – but at least some of them have the common decency to show some loyalty to one another. You seem to have all of their worst qualities rolled into one.”
Mark’s face darkened. Then he remembered that this was probably going to be his last chance. “You can’t send me back now,” he blurted out.
“Why not?”
“Everybody knows I stole,” said Mark, as if the truth of this statement were self evident.
Shane pondered the remark then changed tact. “The kid’s quiet.”
“She’s asleep.”
“Kids don’t sleep under peoples’ jumpers – what have you done to the poor little tyke?” asked Shane.
“She’s just sleeping that’s all. Be awake in around 20 minutes…”
Shane made a disapproving noise with his tongue and shook his head. Mark continued pleading.
“Listen I’ve saved I can buy N.E.T. And I have somewhere to go.”
“Oh yeah. I’ve heard that one before…” Shane stood up, his gaze shifting around the room. “Listen, you have two options 1: I follow the rule of Nanopean law and send you off for a little nap at the Life Centre. 2: you go back. Back down... run a few errands for me then we organise your resettlement in the states via satellite.”
“They aren’t options! That’s a death sentence – everyone knows it’s much worse in the states... And I can’t go back down. Word’ll get around. The kids parents’ll find out and I’ll be killed.”
“So the kid’s not an orphan?” asked Shane.
“No she’s not.” Mark tried to change the subject. “OK if I agr…”
“What about my little chap Mark. He was an orphan wasn’t he?”
“That’s what I was told, yes.” 
“You don’t sound very sure.”
“Look it was a long time ago and I sure as hell didn’t stick around to find out.” Mark started to look distressed. 
“Well, what’s it to be Mark: “death or life?”
Mark was silent for a moment then said: “even if I wanted to, how am I supposed to go back down?”
“No one saw you get caught today…”
The man spluttered “oh no only about 200 people…”
“With the baby I mean. One or two people maybe? Listen, I can resettle you down below in one of those affluent northern…villages, whatever they call them… somewhere nice and cool... ‘cause I want you to help me with something else too…”
The Real man, in a panic, exhaled loudly, trying to clam himself.
“Let me explain,” said Shane. “A guy called Wesley Carter was found to be the designer of the anxiety bug. I need to find that little prick. We know his name but that’s about it. Now I have heard that he works in a gang of women – nice work if you can get it…” 
“How do you know that?” asked Mark.
“He had transcripts of audio files on his computer – navigation records of the network – they broke in. Killed a Goth from Transylvania, castle sector and used her eye… did it all in one day. I need you to find me any info on a group of women, mainly, anti Nanopean, who are involved in planning attacks on the city. Does any of this ring any bells?”
“No.”
“They operate out of Belair or Stirling, or even Blackwood under-ground. Woman called Alia is the leader. She was the main force behind the ETP killings up here. The anxiety program. The other names that came up were Claire, Madi and Bes. We need to grab them ASAP.” 
“I’ve become an outsider… I can’t stand living down there anymore.”
“Mmm. Well, here’s a way out for you. Find my information and there’s a whole life out up here for you my friend. You help save the Nanopean state…the Service will love you and look after you.”
“I don’t know anyone important down there. I don’t have any friends.”
“For fuck’s sake cheer up. Hey. Just use this arrest as an excuse.. tell ‘em we picked you randomly as a bit of fun..tell ‘em we did some weird shit to you ..experimented with some new ETP stuff, headgear , whatever. Tell ‘em you want revenge and you want to join!”
“Who? Who am I telling this to?”
“Just hang out where the gangsters hang – get talking; wham.”
“Heaps of people saw me getting taken away! It spreads around…the parents of the baby know…”
“Fuck the parents of the baby! They shouldn’t be breaking the law anyway!”
“Come on. Real people don’t live to your laws. People kill abductors. That’s me! Someone will recognise me.”
“Well what do you want?”
“Start me on N.E.T.”
“Can’t do that – not a lot of it around.”
“Oh come on! You must have made more of it by now.”
“mmm. Let me think about it. Its highly unusual and not my call.”
“How long does it take for physical changes to start?”
Well it’s a very slow process, there’s a few years grace before you have any physical changes…” Shane was obviously thinking about it. “Sit tight. Gotta contact a boffin or two.”
Shane left Mark sitting with a view out over the south eastern expanse of yellowy – brown undulating hills. Shane strode down the corridor for a quick word with his colleague. He came back, closing the door quietly. 
“Mark! Good news. There is a treatment available! If you agree to my request; Can you start right away?”
Mark ran his fingers through his thin, dark hair; “I suppose...”
“… Grow a beard…whatever, it’ll be a whole new you… Undercover.” 
“The physical changes, you said it takes a year?” Shane’s face was non-committal. Mark continued and said quickly, “How do I get the transfusion?”
“You’ll go to the medical centre…”
“And how much do I need?”
“Don’t worry it’s not a big deal.”
“But doesn’t the blood need regular cleaning?”
“No, no, no, no… only for old...old Nanopeans. I’m pretty old and I don’t have to do that. When you’re new it’s not that important. You can go for years without it. You’ll need a couple of sessions though….” Shane was keen to get back onto the case: “So we know they live in the south, Wesley Carter was traced to street 8, level 1 under the Northern transdome - that was their little decoy. They’re not from up there at all. They live down south.” Shane was clearly energised by the topic, leaning forward with elbows on the desk, eyes wide. “Find out where they are let me know – we grab them, you begin the rest of your very long life.”  Mark nodded. 
“I’ll see you back here in two weeks.”


CHAPTER 18
Memory Lane

It had been nine years since the death of his wife and the boy’s mother. Shane had decided not to live with another woman. He didn’t have the time. When not at work he was spending time with Ryan, and when Ryan was asleep there was always something or someone to catch up with on the network. His interest in network “fun” had slowed at the arrival of Ryan. He now used it mainly as a source of information on Real workers. Ryan, on the other hand, was developing a keen interest in the world outside.
“Dad, Robbie and I were wondering: can we go out for a walk?”
“You know it’s not safe – and they’ll take you away.”
“It’s so boring! Aren’t there any other boys in the city that I could maybe visit?”
“RY!! We’ve been through this! I was supposed to leave you down there. Children aren’t allowed up in the city. I loved you so much that, against the rules, I brought you back with me!”
Ryan was 9 and the only person he had ever known was his father. He had been a secret all his life. It had always been just the two of them (and Robbie ofcourse). Ryan stared into the distance, silent now.
“Don’t forget you’ve got Robbie! He feels left out too sometimes!” said Shane.
“I know Robbie’s not Real Dad. I saw inside his arm... remember?”
“...maybe he is different but he’s one of us.”
“Dad?”
“What.”
“I’m different too aren’t I.” Stated the boy.
“We all are...”
“No! … Dad!....” Ryan said in frustration. “… I look different! Am I going to be a “down worker?” Are they going to take me away and make me a slave?”
“Of course not! No-one’s taking you anywhere.” Shane grabbed Ryan , put him in a faux headlock, ruffled his hair then gave him a hug.
Ryan’s nano enzyme therapy had changed his appearance. As a small child, he had a head of light brown very curly hair, green eyes and white skin, which would have been prone to freckling. Now after being on the therapy for a year, the tight curls had turned into dark waves, the eyes were now black, his limbs were lengthening and his skin was starting to bloom with a darker, golden pigment.
“That’s why I’m hidden isn’t it?” asked Ryan.
“You’re hidden because the world can’t afford children anymore.”
“Well?”
“Well what?” Shane struggled to control his irritation. The child wanted to resolve the unresolvable. 
“Can the world afford children?”
“Well you’re here!” said Shane.
“Are there other boys like me dad?”
“In a few years you’ll find out - you can go out when you’re more Nanopean, then you can meet as many people as you like.”
“But I am a Nanopean.”
“You’re getting there… now enough complaining; let’s do some thinking!” 
“Ohhh!”
“Don’t make that noise! Now, sit down there.”
“Are we doing tele?” asked Ryan. 
“Yeah! You want to be a proper Nanopean don’t you?”
“Mmmm,” Ryan didn’t sound convinced.
“Ok close your eyes,” said Shane.
“I am.”
Shane sat down and hit the recline button on his chair. The lights dimmed automatically and he simultaneously squeezed both sides of his temple, activating ‘IN’: the iris navigation lens permanently sitting on his right eye- ball. With his tongue on the roof of his mouth he controlled a needle point of light which could be moved across the 9 transparent blue light icons and access points.
“Now sit down… relax!”
“Do I have to.”
“Hey! This is important! Relax! And close your eyes… close them”
“Nothing’s happening,” said the boy.
“You can’t talk buddy. Don’t think about talking.” Shane began to talk more slowly – “take everything out of your mind and put it in a big bag… now pick up the bag and put it in the cupboard and close the door.”
“I can see you dad! You’re swimming in an ocean!”
“That was quick but try not to talk.” replied Shane. “Use your mind to tell me.” It was amazing how rapidly Ryan was able to slip into the telepathic zone or frequency. 
Shane: What else? What else can you see?
Ryan heard his Father’s voice.
“It’s a dolphin he’s near you” the boy yelled excitedly, “….jumping out of the water!”
Shane smiled, “OK, Your turn… I’m waiting”
“Shush dad. I’m trying.”
Shane: Good boy: I saw it! Your lion! With a big mane sitting up in a tree looking very full!. 
“Yes he just finished hunting an antelope…” 
“…and I heard you too;” said Shane encouragingly. “You said the words ‘African lion African lion.” 
“Yep that’s what I said.”
“Yeah I got it. Clever boy. Well done.” Shane wondered if it was possible to love anyone more. Then, routinely, he felt the guilt of taking Ryan away; that he had deprived someone else of this bright child. That sunny face, cheeky eyes and when he was serious or surprised, when he lifted his eyebrows, an array of horizontal lines appeared that didn’t look quite Real. Shane thought he knew every cog in the boy’s reasoning processes, cogs that turned the wheels of his values and beliefs. Yet the son still proved a daily source of wonder and surprise for the old man.
Ryan saw what his dad was thinking.
“Dad what did you look like when you were young?”
“Ohh I can’t remember…”
“Can I see a picture?”
“I don’t have many - I lost a lot of them.”
“Why?”
“They were accidentally wiped by magnetic pulses from the solar flare. It’s funny there are a few images stored in my mind of that time and none of them are mine – they’re not my memories.”
“Where are your memories dad?”
“All gone.”
“Did you use them all up?”
“I must have. I forgot them…”
“I know dad I was only joking!” Shane had a few digital copies of very old images from the years around 2140.
“Look this is me at a school sports day:”
A handy function of the Iris lens was its ability to outwardly project a small image, seven centimetres by seven centimetres, 20 centimetres out from the eye. 
It was a picture of Shane at school, barely a teenager, running a 100 metre sprint.
“Make it bigger,” demanded Ryan. 
Shane sent the image to a projection unit on the table and it threw a 3 metre square picture up onto the wall.
“Wow dad!” In the picture, Shane was taller than the other competitors. He was wearing a red t-shirt, black shorts and he was clearly winning.
“Is that you,” said Ryan.
“Yeah.”
“But your face! It’s completely different!”
‘I was a Real person then – like you.”
“Oh.”
In the photo, Shane had bronze coloured hair and light brown eyes. His cheeks were puffed out.
“You’re in mid-air!”
“Yeah the photo was taken just as I…”
“Who took the photo?” asked Ryan.
“Well I…” he couldn’t remember. “Probably my dad or mum or a teacher.”
“What is that…on the ground?” asked Ryan.
“Grass.”
What is it?”
It’s a plant – like those ones on the middle of the city and in the forest precinct. Grass grew on top of dirt and felt really nice on your toes.”
Shane showed Ryan several more old photos that had survived. Riding a horse, shaking hands with the Prime Minister and then suddenly as a Nanopean and then with Mia. 
“There’s mum,” said Ryan brightly 
“Correct.”
“Was mum a Nanopean?”
“Of course,” answered Shane.
“Do I look like her?”
“Not really.”
“Why not.”
“I’ve told you before. She wasn’t your biological mother…” Shane could see the mechanism in Ryan’s mind ticking away. “And before you ask – she lived in the Real world and couldn’t look after you anymore.”
“Yeah I know.”
There were lots of pictures of Ryan and Shane together: baby Ryan, toddler Ryan, Ryan getting arty, Ryan in the bath, Ryan with Robbie.
“Dad?”
“What?”
“What happened to your mum and dad?”
“They died.”
“Did they go to the Life Centre?”
“No back then people just died when they got old or sick.”
“Why didn’t somebody fix them?”
“Well they tried to but didn’t know how.”
“Were people pretty dumb back then?”
“No they weren’t and it’s time for you to go to bed!” 


CHAPTER 19
ETP Newsflash

“A concealed Offspring was discovered today in 490 precinct – spiral towers . The resident claimed responsibility for the offence. The origin of the child is unknown but he is believed to be around 10 years of age and using stolen N.E.T. resources. Protestors attacked the man while in Service transit. He was then placed in protective custody until processing. The offender is believed to be a city guard. The offspring waits until the 1st of December at Life Centre.”   


CHAPTER 20
The Life Centre

In his cell, Ryan covered his face with his hands, pushing his palms hard into each eye and a thumb in each ear blocking out all external stimulus. In his mind’s eye he saw a large disc. The disc turned into his own face as if he was looking down onto himself. Ryan focussed harder than he ever had before as the image of his face, all dark purple and blue morphed into his father’s face. His dad was lying on a bed, eyes closed facing the ceiling. Ryan’s eyes scanned the terrain looking for that place, that opening through which he may pick up that feeling, a current of energy carrying his father’s voice. A click then a faint whirring sound: 
Ryan: Dad are u there? Dad... dad...dad...dad...dad...dad..dad..
Shane: Ryan I’m here.
Without an exchange of words father and son shared a moment of joy in the idea that the other was alive and that they were in each other’s presence.
Ryan understood that his dad would find him and that he should go with the Subs
 Ryan’s dad saw an image of Ryan at home with Robbie
Shane: Be strong… we’ll return home soon.

Ryan’s ETP with his dad ended abruptly: 
“Kid! get up!” It was a life centre nurse.
“Huh?”
“It’s not your lucky day.”
“Why.”
“Well... you were all set for a sweet feathery ride into eternity. But.” The women started folding Ryan’s sheet and blanket. “Sorry kid. They’re takin’ you. Deep down underground...with the Subterraneans.”
Ryan bowed his head. The nurse felt sorry for him.
“It’s where you’re from ain’t it?”
“Yeah I s’pose.”
“Well ‘course it is. You’re a boy! We don’t have Nanopean boys.” She said in a loud voice.
Ryan said nothing.
 “Hey,” said the nurse crouching down to look at his strange little face. “You are going to live! You’re very lucky!” Ryan was alive because of his dad. Shane was alive because of Magellan’s requirement for him to continue the investigation. Shane had agreed only if they let Ryan go. 
Another nurse came to the door of the cell with a guard. Ryan’s heart leapt then sank when he saw the familiar city guard uniform, looking just like his father.
“Ryan Wing. Please follow me to the East gate where you will be accompanied to your new home in the underworld.”
“Yep.”
The Nanopean staff at the centre all stared at him as though he was about to change colour, melt into his shoes or explode. It never happened - a human child being allowed to leave the centre.
The staff, both male and female, were ideologically against Ryan leaving but they were not used to seeing small people. His acceptance of the situation and the quiet strength despite his small stature seemed to move them.
 Ryan was an experiment. Ever since his first major dose of N.E.T, Shane had been giving him small amounts of blood, a technique called copy transfusions, to keep his cells fresh. It seemed to work. But now he was on his own. 
 A magnatrain took them silently through the city straight round to the east gate. It was getting late. Ryan followed the guard and another guard followed behind Ryan. As they stepped out under the sheltered walkway, Ryan struggled to inhale the hot dry air. Consistent 20 knot winds blew in from the north often at temperatures of 60 degrees Celsius. He felt the like his clothes were being burned from his body with each step. 
“Where am I going?” he asked.
“A home for Real children,” said the guard. 


CHAPTER 21
The Real World

The gravel streets of the Real world were thin and poorly lit. The constant twilight came from low power lighting and light reflected down in columns from the transdomes above. Streets spiralled tightly downward and homes and businesses had small doorways leading off these. All buildings were dug from the outside wall only. The Central column of a spiralling street was also used for dust extraction, plumbing and electricity.  The spiral Streets were linked horizontally in two, sometimes three, places. 
Despite occasional outbreaks of violence, Real people had always managed to reinstate the symbiotic relationship with Nanopeans. They were paid for doing the jobs the Nanopeans didn’t want to do - mainly building. They also performed dangerous mining work outside the protection zone – risking exposure to the sun resulting in radiation sickness, sun blindness and cancer. Payment was provided from Service coffers and distributed by Nanopean guards. It was always given in dollars – unless a worker was seeking medical help. Medical assistance was provided only in the direst of cases. 
Health care in the Real world was an ongoing problem and Nanopeans could provide blood analysis, a range of bodily scanners and surgery; available to those with a favourable work record. However, more often than not Real people had to perform their own medical procedures as best they could. Medical facilities and resources were limited to what was salvaged at the time of the solar holocaust. While they lived as humans had on Earth for millennia – their standard of living was more akin to how people lived two or three hundred years earlier. Their average life expectancy was around 50. 
 Unlike the Nanopeans, Real people were not homogenous in their views although a large number of them felt the Nanopean way of life was unnatural, inhuman or just plain wrong. Others believed that resources and technology should be shared, not simply provide for the space exploration program, which would only benefit the chosen few. Some wanted to hijack a space ship and relocate to one of the rumoured, better planets. Others wanted to take over the city, extend their lives and live as Real people not as Nanopeans. They were however, unified on their view that Nanopeans needed to be stopped from stealing their babies. The problem with this was that the babies were being sold along with the tobacco, the opium, the cocaine and the sex. 
In contrast to the Nanopeans, Real people seemed hyperactive. Part of it was due to diet; more specifically to the fact that they actually had a diet. Real people were more traditional in every way.
Acts of violence against Nanopeans were not restricted to “eye crime.” There was also blood crime. Although some Real people knew the science behind N.E.T. therapy many didn’t. There was a belief that a partial transfusion of Nanopean blood could cure just about anything. 
Real workers granted access to the city were carefully selected and closely monitored. However they often had to perform tasks well out of view and out of reach of Nanopean guards. This meant that every now and then it was some time before a Real worker was found to be missing.
On one such occasion a rooftop fixing applicator – a high risk job, was working above the city and slipped away from the crew unnoticed. He made his way to a disused building, entered through the roof, abducted a Nanopean male and bound him, sitting, to a pillar. The Real worker then drained one third of his own blood, right onto the floor. Then, using an inter-person transfusion syringe he extracted two litres of oily white blood, from the incapacitated Nanopean. The Nanopean survived but the worker was never found.
On another occasion a group of Nanopeans in a club had been verbally abusing a Real worker, harnessed outside their building, fixing a Lunatex join on the fifth floor of a 6 story building. When the worker returned the abuse, two of them opened windows, purposely knocking him from the building. A team of Real workers on an adjacent building witnessed their comrade fall to his death. Evading guards, 4 of them made it down the stairs across the street and into the lavish Nanopean club. They made their way to the fifth floor and commenced some clubbing of their own. Using their heavy tools they began attacking the group of some 30 Nanopeans in the room before guards arrived unleashing the firepower of the bolt gun, killing all four.
Because violence begets violence, incidents like this were common. Although the majority of Nanopeans and Real people were peaceful, an element in each population was hell bent on destroying the other.
Unlike the Nanopeans, who were linked to all other Nanopean cities across the Americas and Asia, the Real People were isolated in every way. There was no information highway and no electrotelepathy hooking them up with each other and the rest of the planet. Nanopean Service officials knew how important it was to keep it that way. They tried to monitor the potential threat. Nobody knew Real people numbers but it had only taken a few to release the anxiety bug. Imagine what an army of them could do.


CHAPTER 22
Raw Power

The meeting was held in a private room of a busy saloon on the edge of the north western Stirling transdome. Alia chose the spot with a view of the city – the dark walls and the colossal topaz facades, jutting and angling like crystal. 
When Alia, Wez and Madi launched the anxiety bug, the reprisals and the hunt for whoever perpetrated the crime had been sufficiently terrifying to bury their little group for years. Now they were back. 
Alia wasted no time in putting all the cards on the table.
“It been a long time,” she said quietly. “Things have settled. But really, nothing has changed. We’re still seeing the same crimes being committed against our people. We’ve all given this a lot of thought and I’ve spoken to everyone here. As I understand it, these are our goals.
“First: locate and return all abductees.” There was general nodding and agreement.
Although Madi had been nodding too, she stopped, saying, “Easier said than done...”
“We’re not worried about how we are going to do it,” said Alia. “Right now the question is what do we want? OK?”
“Yep,” said Madi.
“Secondly,” continued Alia, “we’d all like to know the answer to several other questions: What kind of solar activity is predicted and what are the current habitation options in the near galaxy? Whether or not we like it, these things will have a massive impact on us.” 
There was no argument about the aims of the group except for “the habitation options in the galaxy.” Bes and Madi shared the traditional view that space travel was no way to solve your problems- interstellar travel was a Nanopean obsession – not something they cared about. And they said so.
“But we need to know what they are doing and what they are planning to do,” said Claire adamantly. “If they leave, things will be very different down here – we need as much information as we can get.” 
Eventually they agreed on this and started talking about the project closest to their hearts: finding the children. 
But as often happens at such meetings, individuals choose to vent their frustrations and tempers boil over. Madi believed all that was required was brute force: get in, take control and make the necessary demands. Nanopeans needed to know they couldn’t get away with it any longer. Bes and Wez agreed. Alia sat back thinking. Claire said she was worried that more violence would only mean more tragedy.
An argument ensued in which Madi implied that Claire did not have the experience to be dealing with Nanopeans. Claire ignored her but Madi continued.  
“So if we do this whole thing peacefully – just sneak in, hide and do it all covertly - How are we going to fit in up there?” Madi didn’t ask a question because she didn’t know the answer; she questioned others to challenge them. She knew it and all the girls knew it. Her question was really: “Claire, how are you going to blend?” 
Bes deflected the question: “Not all of them use surgery to make themselves look different …”
“I know that,” said Madi. “But not everyone here has experience in ….” 
Bes continued deflecting, “At least half of them have a ‘natural’ look - no alterations. So we need to blend with the other group: the freaks.”
It worked; Madi dropped the bone, laughed and said, “Oh I think you’ll blend in quite OK,” said Madi laughing. 
“You won’t,” said Bes, referring to Madi’s hair.
“What? There are lots of blondes up there,” said Madi defensively
 “Should be a walk over then.” Bes continued the blonde joke. 
Claire said, “Can I just ask, what was your point?”
Alia said, “And no one said anything about going in to Nanopea anyway. You’re getting way ahead of yourselves.” 
“Do you think we do need step up our body art? Piercings?” asked Madi.
Alia exhaled loudly. “Can we get on with the meeting?” 
“Ok,” said Madi hurriedly, “but I say no implants!” The others groaned.
 “You will need to wash your hair though!” Bes joked.
“Shut-up.” Madi smiled. She loved conflict. 
Alia was rubbing her eyes. Wez had his head leaning on his hand. Claire was staring off into the middle distance, took a deep breath and said, “OK, seeing as we’re on the topic, what else should we take into account when going into Nanopea?”
“Any sort of physical fight we’ll win ...even the men, they’re as bad as the women,” said Madi.
Bes agreed, “Because they lie around connected to games all day. Their brains are working but they do nothing, physically…”
“Some of them,” said Alia.  
“We do all of their work - if we can time it, and all be at the right place at once, I reckon we’ll just be able to walk in and literally grab what we want.” She gestured, plucking an invisible gun from an invisible Nanopean.
Alia was more circumspect. “For the majority, yes. Don’t forget: guards are different. They’re not weak and they‘ve been doing the same job for a very long time so they fight smart. And they take enzymes which build muscle without them even doing anything!”
“Yeah but they don’t eat! Real muscle needs real protein.” Madi spoke quickly, showing off her steely bicep. The others smiled.
The only male at the meeting, Wez, spoke up: “We know physically we’re probably going to be advantaged but don’t forget their gun power.”
“And we can’t take in any guns. We need to find other ways,” said Claire
“That’s right,” Wez continued. “… and what are we going to do with those new laser bolts; pretty much any hit is a fatality… like a molten bolt of metal and yet it’s actually just light…”
“How does that work?” asked Madi, flatly.
“… not sure of the technology. But it doesn’t matter what part of you is hit. You die from shock… and a … big hole,” said Wez.
“We need to find out how those guns work,” Alia said. 
“We need to stay out of their way,” said Claire.
“And obviously, we need to get some of those guns,” said Madi. “Once we’re in, we head straight to the ammo shop.”
“Security HQ,” said Bes. 
“Yeah!” said Madi smiling demonically.
“And where’s that?” Claire asked humouring them.
“When you walk in up through the east gate, look up its right there,” said Madi
“Which entrance are you talking about?” said Bes
“They’re all the same.”
“That’s not it though...” said Alia with a brief head shake. “I knew a guy that got taken up to one of those and they’re quite small. There must be another place, more central.” No one had much to add. Alia went on. “We need inside help so we can take a number of gates at once. From there we can occupy a whole section of the city and win some bargaining power.”
“I know someone.” said Wez.
“Who?” Alia asked. 
“The Nanopean guard who was caught with the child.” 
“I heard it’s the same guy who has been taking bribes for years,” said Claire
“Probably…” said Wez.
“I feel sorry for that child,” said Bes looking at each of them. “He could be mine…” 
“Yeah,” Madi agreed, “How’s the little fella’s life? Try being stolen, taken to live with some phoney parents, stolen again then killed in some bent institution.”
“I don’t think that’s what’s happening,” said Wez
Bes blubbered; head in hands.
“Darling what’s wrong?” Madi had no idea. 
 She looked up, face red and wet. “It’s the not-knowing that’s so hard to deal with – every day!” 
“I know,” said Madi. She hugged Bes.
“That’s why we’re all here,” said Alia 
“We have each other,” said Claire putting a hand on her shoulder.
Bes’s crying fit subsided. 
Wez broke the tension, sounding inappropriately positive, “Guess what?” 
Everyone looked dumbly at Wez – they were still in shock. Alia was the only one who could speak: “What?” 
“The guard who was caught with the kid?” Wez waited to make sure everyone was following.
Alia, with wide eyes and head forward implored, “Yyyess?”
“They’re not killing the kid. They’re sending him out.”
“Out where?” asked Bes, who had suddenly stopped sniffling.
“What?” asked Madi. If she didn’t understand something the whole world had to wait.
Slowly and carefully Wez said: “The kid whose father was caught; in Nanopea: the Nanopean guard.” Everyone stopped dead.
“I heard, they’re sending the boy down here.”


CHAPTER 23
A New Home

Real people lived communally in hydroponic food production houses. Husband and wife households were uncommon. Couples could live together in a hydro house, to bring up a child but this was unusual, seen as soft or overly sentimental. Children were looked after by whoever was available. They worked as soon as they were physically strong enough, usually around the age of nine or ten and attended school several days a week. 
Although Real people were not particularly religious, they held superstitious beliefs to prevent misfortune and explain accidents. Collapsing walls and ceilings, chronic throat and lung conditions, viruses; all exacerbated by frequent dust inhalation were common cause of death. In lieu of medical opinion people developed their own observations of cause and effect – which often involved the influences of supernatural forces.
The sun had gone down behind the hills to the West and darkness fell quickly. Ryan, accompanied by Nanopean guards, hurried through Blackwood Gate and out along the walkway. Sand piled up across sections of the path and the walkway roof was weathered and falling to pieces. The heat had given way to the chill of the night as the four figures quietly entered the transdome. 
Two armed men sat at the entrance and stood up to question the guards as they entered. ‘Why couldn’t they do their jobs properly? Why couldn’t they patrol their gate and keep out filthy drug addicted Nanopean predators and stalkers…’ and so on. 
Periodically, the Real people implemented their city-watch program and had individuals maintaining a vigil over the entrance points to the Real world. It only worked if all seven underground townships were participating. These men had been organised in response to a spate of recent killings, perpetrated, it was assumed by Nanopean hunters. The Nanopean guards barely acknowledged the two men, pushing past them and leading Ryan around to a sign that said “Second Street.”
The southern transdomes were rougher than their northern counterparts but scenic concerns were lost on Ryan – he was still in shock from his ordeal. After walking down a spiralling road for about ten minutes the Nanopean guards brought Ryan to a small, sand-stone door. There were no windows. No roof. There was a number 421 on the door. A guard pressed the tiny button near the number and a huge Real person came out! He was very tall and had hair nearly covering his whole face – Ryan had never seen a beard before. The man extended his hand toward Ryan. He had lengthy, wavy brown hair and large deep set blue eyes. He wore a beige coloured, collared, long sleeve shirt and a pair of loose fitting denim trousers. 
“Hello there. I’m Ben.” He said introducing himself to Ryan. Evidently he knew the guards. “Thank you officers.”
One of the officers asked “Any problems?”
Ben replied “I’ll call you later. Had some enquiries from the girls group I was telling you about?”
“Really?” replied the officer
“Later…” said Ben. The guards left, walking back the way they’d come and Ben turned to Ryan and said earnestly “so you’ve had quite a journey. Are you ok?”
“I’m ok.” Ryan was surprised at how calm his voice sounded. 
“Brave fellow. Well we’re here to help you with whatever you need ok? There are other young people here too…” On hearing this, Ryan’s mouth opened in amazement. 
“You OK?” asked Ben again.
“I’ve never met another boy…”
“Well there you go.. and look you may not want to see too many people to begin with. And that’s fine. Take it at your own pace…Come in and meet my wife Ginny.” 
They walked through the small stone door and Ben latched it behind them. This entrance was made all the more strange as the size of the interior became apparent. The central hallway extended for as far as his eye could see in the dim light. From the central corridor other corridors lead off but mostly, there were many other similar doors; many closed but some opening into dark rooms. The ceilings were very low.
Several doors were open with light coming out and Ryan’s eyes ached momentarily as he peered in. He had to squint, as if looking on ten angels; the room was bathed in bright daylight and full of green plants.
“Don’t stare at those lights without protection – you’ll hurt your eyes. Camon, this way.” Ryan followed Ben further down the long narrow passage. They entered a dimly lit room – a kitchen where an older woman smiled and said: “Hello dear boy,” almost as one word. She kissed and hugged him. She had, shoulder length, sandy blonde hair, brown eyes and radiated warmth. She kept rubbing the boy’s shoulder. Another new face – he stared, looking at her strange features; unable to speak.  
 “You must be exhausted after your ordeal” Ginny also wore glasses – he couldn’t stop staring at them. Sometimes she jutted her head out as she looked straight at him through the glass discs; then suddenly she’d put her chin down and peer at him over the top of the lenses. 
“Im ok.” 
“Oh you’re adorable.” She gave him another hug. Then some more inspecting from above and through her glasses. “You can stay here as long as you like. You might feel a bit lost for a bit...just come and ask if you need anything. At any rate I’ll be getting you to come and help me here in the kitchen soon enough. We’ve got other kids here too Ry, and you’ll see them all tomorrow.” It was strange, not altogether unpleasant how intimate she was; touching him and looking so closely into his eyes. And no one had called him ‘Ry’ before. 
“Come sit down and have something to eat and drink,” said Ginny.
“I haven’t eaten anything since I was a baby.”
“Well you must be starving!” said Ginny. She and Ben smiled.
 “Can you eat anything at all?” asked Ben 
“Not really.”
Ginny touched Ryan’s face. “I thought I could see the change occurring… you look quite Nanopean but then again you have such lovely green eyes.”
“Well dad said I’m in transition...” his dad’s face came into his mind and he began to sniffle.
“I’m…I …”
“What is it darling?” said Ginny crouching to look at him.
“I have to refresh my blood once a month – dad used to give me some of his.”
“Right,” said Ginny, her eyes were still on Ryan. “Ben what do you think.”
“It’s fine. I’ll sort it out tomorrow.” 

Ginny went to a fridge and took out some orange juice and said “Here try this because without help from your dad – you are going to need something in your tummy.”
“But I can’t,” said Ryan in a somewhat feeble voice.
“Just have a little try,” she insisted, “a tiny sip…”
Ryan took a mouthful and the cold sweet liquid trailed down his throat like a worm. He felt a sharp ache travel from his mouth up through the back of this head but it quickly subsided. 
“Very well done Ryan!” said Ginny
“That’s the way!” said Ben. “How about a bite of fresh bread? You’ll feel a whole lot better…” Ben tore off a small strip of flat bread and handed it to Ryan. He took it, sniffed, nibbled and bit, chewing slowly and deliberately. He swallowed. Then swallowed again. With panic in his eyes he looked up at Ginny – then across at Ben. He was choking. The bread was stuck. Ryan put his hand up to the bottom of his neck and was dipping and nodding his head as he tried to move the bread down his throat.
“Just relax,” said Ginny, “sit down and try to breath; it will move – you’re just not used to it that’s all.”
Ryan sat and with tears welling up in his eyes he gestured for the glass of juice. Ben passed it to him and he took a small mouthful – gulping it heavily down. For a moment it seemed to have worked then suddenly, wretching onto the floor, the orange juice came back out. 
“It’s stuck!” said Ryan, his face was all contorted. “…really hurts!” 
“Oh darling! Give it few seconds. The muscles need to remember how to swallow.” Ben wiped up the mess with a cloth. 
“Come over here Ryan,’ said Ginny standing at the sink. “One more try with the juice and if this doesn’t work we’ll stop.” Obediently Ryan took the juice – a bigger mouthful, gulped, jutted his chin out the slowly moved his head upward, and with a big nod, smiled and yelled “it gone!”
“Wow,” said Ben. “That really took some guts my friend! You wait til that energy passes through your body; you’ll feel like a new man!” 
Ginny took him into her arms and said looking at her husband “Poor little mite. It’s more than anyone should have to go through. In a minute we’ll show you your room. How are you feeling?”
“How many other children are here?”
“Aside from you: seven. We’re full now,” she said smiling. “You can meet the others when you feel like it.”

His room was very small; had a screen, an old dictum touch computer and books made out of paper!
He pulled one out; a famous old book about a man who crashed into one of the moons of Saturn and survived to tell the tale. The pictures were wonderfully evocative showing the hero, “Steve 23”, crafting some wire from the wreckage of his space ship into some kind of a weapon to catch submarinal life-forms.  Steve 23 was making a fishing rod on Europa. Imagine catching another living creature, killing it then eating it! Amazing! thought Ryan.
Ryan tried the old dictum computer – in a drawer under the table he found a rack of memory balls. He slotted one into the hole. It rolled inside the computer and started spinning around the internal wheel like a roulette ball. The computer required no external power source or battery. The ball not only generated the power but stored 50 years of educational news information. Ryan typed in Real baby stolen. 
A message appeared: did you mean Nanopean baby abductions. Ryan touched the message. 31 answers appeared. The stories were from some 20 years ago, the 2240’s decade. The news stories related to the kidnapping of 100 babies, all at different times. Some of the articles provided information about Nanopeans, their attitudes and beliefs, the mentality that leads to abduction and the various methods by which Real people had attempted to get them back, without success.
He turned it off and went to sleep. He dreamt of his dad. In his dream he searched, chased; saw his dad at the end of a crowded street. Dad calmly turned and walked away. Ryan followed, running, but dad just got further and further away.
Next morning Ryan tried to reach his dad. He closed his eyes listening for that sound, focussing on switching his mind to where he could see and hear his father’s thoughts. Try as he might all the spaces there were empty. He thought again about the lion with his quarry in the tree.
Shane had been trying to contact Ryan all night. He sent his usual image and then in his mind he saw Ryan again at home with Robbie.
“He’s there.” 
 He knew that if Ryan was secure and peaceful enough to project this image then he must be OK.
I want you here too son but stay where you’re safe. I’m being watched. They won’t let you come back yet.
Passing by Ryan’s room, Ginny heard voices and popped her head in to find out the name of the outstanding boy who had already gone in to make friends with Ryan. The door wasn’t latched and she pushed it open just enough for her head to poke through. Ginny saw Ryan laying there with his eyes half closed talking to himself. She watched him Realising that he wasn’t asleep. Ginny had seen many kids asleep in her time, sleep walkers and sleep talkers; they looked nothing like this. He was dressed, and though speaking too quietly for her to make out much more than the occasional word, he seemed to be having a conversation.   
“Ryan?” said Ginny.
His head, which had been straining up off the pillow, fell back and his eyes flickered open. “Hi Ginny.”
“Do you have an imaginary friend? You were having quite a conversation…”
“Oh no, that was dad – we can talk…”
“What do you mean darling?”
“We can sort of talk without speaking,” said Ryan.
“Telepathy.”
“That’s it!”
“You weren’t having a little dream?” asked Ginny.
“I wasn’t asleep.”
“What did Dad say darling?”
“He said I can’t come home yet…”
“Ohh sweetheart…”
“He wants me to but they won’t let me.”
“Where is your dad?”
“He’s home. Dad taught me to think properly so I could do it. Dad can’t do it without his network but he taught me to send pictures just by thinking in the right place.”
Ginny’s mouth was open and it was some time before she closed it. She pondered some of the implications, eventually saying: “How fascinating.”
Ryan sensed a change in her demeanour. “Aren’t I allowed to do it?”
“We’ve never had anyone do that before Ry…” she said.
“Ohhh. I wasn’t really allowed to do it at home either. Well dad let me but it was illegal. He said I wasn’t allowed to listen for any other voices. But dad said maybe I can go back but just not yet.” The boy scanned the adult face for a reaction; he was remarkably confident, considering his lack of human contact. 
“I’m sure that’s true sweetheart.” Said Ginny

Ben was pruning orange vines when Ginny came to the door and called him across. “It’s a bit awkward sweets; I’m stuck here! What’s the problem? Can you come in?” Ginny clambered across large tubs and through foliage until she was a few metres away from her husband. “Ryan’s telepathic!” she hissed quietly.
“I went into his room and he was lying there, on his bed, communicating with his father.” 
“Mmm? You don’t think its wishful thinking on his behalf?”
“No I asked him and he said his father taught him how to do it…went into a lot of detail about how his dad did it…”
One of the older boys, Stan, poked his head up through the leaves some distance off and called out: “Do I take off all the new root sprouts, theres a lot of ‘em… oh hi Ginny… or do I leave a few?”
Ben replied, “Trim them all off, carefully – don’t rip the bark.”
“Whoops,” whispered Ginny.
“Yeah, forgot he was there,” whispered Ben. “Wow, so you think it’s a genuine ability,” he scratched his head. “I mean I knew they could do it electronically, y’know, with their computers, but unaided?”
“Well that’s just it. He said his father can’t do it unaided. Evidently he can.”
“Whatchya whispering about?” yelled Stan.
“Never you mind big ears...” said Ben. 
Later that night at a local watering hole, Stan was chatting with his mates about the new kid at the hostel and within 1 hour, 15 people had heard the same story. 

The next morning Ryan was up early and went for a walk down the long central corridor of the house. He noticed many of the rooms were like his and that there were at least 10 rooms in which plants were being grown. He saw a room full of trees or bushes, laden with oranges. Beautiful green leaves strained up toward sun bright bulbs hanging from wooden beams. Two people were in the room doing something to the plants. They wore large dark goggles as protection from the light. Another room had a spinach crop. The cold dark-green hands with their white veins, stretched upward seeking warmth. Ryan tried to step into the room but could barely get in the door it was so full of plants. 
Young Real people walked quickly from room to room and heads turned every time they passed him yet he could feel nothing from them nor could he see what was in their minds. He was too busy watching them: All different sizes, with different coloured hair and most incredible of all were their faces. Each face with a different mood, a life of its own. Ryan tried not to stare but had never seen such beautiful eyes – eyes with Real colours. No make-up, no tattoos, no piercings.  Some of them said ‘hi’. Others didn’t. One girl smiled and Ryan decided to see if he could find where she had gone.
He walked down to the social room and activities stopped momentarily as Ryan stood in the doorway. Ben appeared behind him and said, “Come in and meet some of the folks.” 
Ben introduced him to the two boys and two girls sitting at a table playing a card game. Ryan had never met a group of people before let alone been formally introduced. In the excitement of it, the names were garbled in Ryan’s ears. The boys nodded, the girls said “hey” in unison. Ryan was mesmerised by them. Each of them had different coloured skin, eyes and hair. Their noses and mouths had individual shapes. Ryan didn’t know that staring was rude. 
“Chores all done?” Ben did a lot of nodding as if keen to encourage a response. This made his beard bounce on his chest just slightly. 
“Yes Ben,” they droned.
“How far off’s the corn do we think?” Ben looked from one face to the next.
“ ‘nother week I reckon.” said the older looking boy.
“Look after this bloke,” said Ben. “Obviously he’s new; as we can all remember being?” 
“Yep” said a boy. Ben left.
Then Ryan felt a pang of anxiety as he felt their animosity: “What am I doing here? I don’t fit it in. These kids are nothing like me.”
“Wanna play?” it was the older girl.
“I don’t…cant. I haven’t played before…”
“‘seasy.” said the younger boy
“…with children.” All eyes went to Ryan. “I haven’t played with children before- You children are the first children I have ever met.”
“Holy…fucken…” said the eldest boy under his breath.
“We’re not children…” said the senior girl.
“What are you?”
“We’re adults.” They all smiled at this. Ryan knew it was a joke but didn’t get it.
“Ben said you were teenagers.” Ryan looked at them all in turn.
“Well we do everything the adults do… cook, clean, work, fix stuff… we should be adults,” said the older boy. 
“What work do you do?” asked Ryan. 
Again the older boy answered. “Crops, school, I’m also studying engineering. I want to be able to build my own house as soon as I move out of here.”
“Can we play now?” said the younger boy
“I gotta go anyway,” said the older boy
“Me too,” said the older girl.
“Ohhh whatever…” the younger boy began packing up the cards, put them into a brown case and said, ‘Seeya, I’m in the rainbow room with Paul. We’ve got death warrior and alien menace – stacks of others… Come and have a game later if you want.”
“Thanks!” said Ryan. He knew what a game was.
The elder of the two girls stayed behind.
“What’s your name?” he asked.
“Kristina.”
“Howcome you’re in here?” asked Ryan
“Ginny and Ben adopted me,” she said.
“Why?”
“My parents were killed.”
“Oh. How?”
“Are you always this obnoxious?” Ryan didn’t know what obnoxious meant nor was he all that familiar with criticism. He thought maybe it was a compliment so he continued.
“My parents couldn’t have a baby so they adopted me.”
“That’s great but usually people settle in a bit first before they start interrogating others.”
“Sorry,” said Ryan
“ ’s ok.  You’re just a little strange.”
“Sorry.” 
“Stop saying sorry… nothing wrong with being different. Not that you’d understand that.”
“Why?”
“Well isn’t everyone exactly the same where you’re from?”
“I never went out. I saw people all the time though… on the network and TV and we had heaps of cameras in our house which showed people down on the street. Dad is a guard so he had to keep an eye on the city…”
“So your dad’s a Nanopean?” she asked.
And then Ryan heard the girl’s voice and her mouth wasn’t moving – she was thinking: are you like me? You’re not like me at all. You’re weird.
“I am like you,” said Ryan.
Kristina’s face grew serious and her eyes moved all over Ryan’s blank face. “Why did you say that? I didn’t ask you that. How can you be like me… aren’t you a Nanopean?”
“I think so…” he said.
“You kinda look like one…” Ryan hadn’t stopped staring at her face for five minutes. He had no idea a face could look so beautiful. She had long brown hair, thick dark eyebrows; fulsome lips naturally inclined to smile and large eyes the colour of ground coffee.
 “Krist-ina.” said Ryan slowly.
“What?” asked the girl abruptly.
“I was just practising your name,” said Ryan.
“Oh. Mmm. So, do you eat?” she asked.
“Nope but…”
“That’s really weird. Not even bread or… how ‘bout water? You must hydrate somehow?”
“I drank milk when I was a baby.”
“Milk from your mum?”
“No she didn’t have any. It was from a soy plant.”
“So you guys crop up there as well!”
“No not crops,” said Ryan. “It was soy milk from the Real people… my Real parents couldn’t look after me here, so I got taken up there.”
“Right. So… then…What happened to your mum?”
“She died when I was a baby.” 
“Ohh that’s sad. Sorry Ryan.”
“That’s ok, I don’t remember her. Dad looked after me but he wasn’t supposed to have me, so I got sent back here.”
“The world’s so screwed.” She rested her chin on her hand and she shook it in disgust.
“Something terrible happened to your mum and dad?” asked Ryan.
“Yeah…They were gassed in 2262.” 
“Ohhh no!”
“Yeah, by your crowd!”
“My crowd?” asked Ryan.
“Yeah the Nanopeans.”
“What’s gasta?” asked Ryan.
“No, gas. There was, a… conflict. You did something to us, we did something to you and so on until yeah, a lot of people were hurt…killed. Thousands were killed. Down here and my parents too.” Ryan listened, shocked. Kristina continued. “I survived ‘cause I was at school. You believe that? School saved my life! ‘School of Light’ they call them that because they’re up on the surface in a trans-dome – well ventilated… ” She looked at a clock on the wall. 
“Gotta go! Nice chatting Ryan – come and hang with the ladies…we’re in the room with the lightning bolt on the door…”


CHAPTER 24
Do I Know You?

“Grow wool?” Ryan asked.
“It’s the medium some of our plants are grown in. Ute’s outside; give us a hand would you? There’s a lot of it to bring in.” Much of the traffic on the underground streets was made up of small 4 wheel battery powered utilities. 
However instead of the usual delivery person, 3 heavily armed women strode through the front door, closing it behind them. Alia, Bes and Madi. It was like invasion of the amazons. Alia with a disarming smile asked: “Is it possible that we can see the children you have here?”
Ben, no less imposing a figure said “I must ask you to leave those weapons outside, yes we have children here and they do not need further trauma from the likes of you…” The women Put their guns down. Ben continued: he had a way of speaking almost without full-stops. “We provide very good care for the children, they are educated, work and are happy here.” 
“Why haven’t those children been reunited with their parents?” asked Alia.
Ginny, emerging from a crop room, knew immediately what was going on. Looking over her shoulder she turned and ran back to the children standing in the middle of the hallway. “Into your rooms – all of you. Do not come out until these people have gone!”
The women had seen the scared faces of the children and Ben seized the moment.
“I think you should go, you obviously know nothing about what goes on here, if you did you wouldn’t be talking like this…we help these children, we love them, we give them a home… and we’re not the only house of our kind - there are a number of other places like us operating in this city; are you even aware of that and what th…” 
“We are looking for our own children,” said Madi. 
“And you would point guns at your own children? You don’t deserve children!” hollered Ben.
Madi, had a pistol in the back of her pants and taking a step passed Alia, she pulled it out saying “you fuck….” Alia cracked her across the forearm knocking the weapon to the ground. A moment of quiet followed.
Bes, doing her best to salvage the situation, stepped in saying: “Bring them out.”
Ben remained calm. “I can’t do that - to the children this just means they’re stolen again. They’re to stay here; government orders.”
Madi, still angry, yelled “We don’t have a government!”
“We have elected leaders who make decisions on our behalf. That’s a government.” 
“Oh you’re not still hanging on to that old idea are you?” Madi tried to lighten a heavy situation that she had, once again, created. 
Bes though not interested in politics, joined in to support her. “Democracy is great but if you want something done you have to do it yourself.”
“Breaking in to peoples’ homes and attacking them?” asked Ben. 
Down the hall, doors again opened and young faces were peering around corners. Ginny, standing just behind Ben, moved back to close doors.
“Look if you don’t cooperate we just do this by force and you risk injury – so bring them out!” said Madi eyes flickering.
To Alia, Ben said. “Ask your friends to wait outside so we can wrap up this conversation.” Reluctantly, Bes and Madi agreed to wait outside. 
Ben then said, “You send me the name of the parent, the age, sex and name of the child, and we can see if anything matches up. Case by case.”
“Ok thankyou…but as well as that there’s a kid, he could change everything for us…down here. You have him… Ryan Wing…” Alia studied Ben’s face for a sign of recognition. When there was no denial she continued, “Maybe you or your wife could bring him to us.”
“I’m not sure, what you’re talking about. What’s so important about him?”
“He’s the son of a Nanopean Captain and apparently, he’s learned natural telepathy.”
“So this has nothing to do with the helping children or restoring family justice?”
“It has everything to do with that…”
“And I thought you seemed nice.” Said Ben, his head inclined toward Alia.
“Nanopeans can use ETP because of their close proximity to a registered transmitter port or Tdock they call it. If this child can access this means of communication, unaided, it means he could access their whole network for free! We don’t have to hurt anyone to find out what we need.” 
“Telepathy is dangerous. I think you know that better than anyone. Especially for a child.”
Ben was hinting at what he had heard about a certain group of female activists being the ones responsible for the anxiety bug.
In defence, Alia continued, “He’d only be using it as a point of access to their network. It could revolutionise what information we have access to down here – it could change everything. Don’t you want to know what’s happening to the climate?” 
“I’m not interested in any of that. I’m a primary producer. I run a business, I have a big family to support and… you can’t use a child in a political war.”
“This is not politics – this is survival; he could help our people get what we need - information! We know nothing! It’s getting cooler on the surface, each year. You know what that could mean for us.”
“What are you so desperate to find out? We’re not Nanopean. We don’t want to be Nanopean. So we must make the best of our situation. Causing further damage and reprisals only makes life more desperate. Your acts of sabotage in the past have only brought pain and suffering. That’s terrorism!” 
“What happens if one of your kids gets a serious illness? You can’t help them and you go to the Nanopeans. What if they leave or suddenly cut us off completely! They barely need us now. We could find out with access to their information network. Ryan could do this and in complete safety.”
He rubbed his colossal beard, gave a great sigh.
Alia added, “We would like to know what has happened to all the stolen children too.”
Finally Ben responded. “I’ll do what I can to reunite a family but I will not hand over an innocent child to be used…”
“We only want information. We’re not interested in violence…”
“Mmmm… yet you walk in here with guns. Well I’m the authority here in my house. You want to risk damage to a child you risk me first. Don’t try that again.” 
“Ok Ben I get it.” Alia allowed a gentle smile. “Can I at least see him and ask if he would be willing to help? 
“I don’t think so no. But I’ll talk to him; and you have my word that if he’s interested, I’ll let you know.”
Alia tried to be measured and calm. “Look all three of us, lost our children; children who would now be between 9 and 12. Can’t you just humour us?”
“I told you it’s not a zoo. The children here lost their parents during Nanopean attacks. Aside from Ryan there is only one girl whose parents are unknown.”
“Could we see her too? How old is she?” asked Alia.
“Like I said we don’t know anything about her life prior to here. But I suspect she is only seven…” said Ben. 
“At least put our minds at ease. You keep us in the dark – you keep her in the dark too.” 
 “Wait there,” said Ben.
Ben disappeared for five minutes. Meanwhile Alia spoke to Madi and Bes. Removing belts and weaponry, Alia instructed them they may be allowed in if they stay totally calm. Ben walked back out into the long hall but stopped when he saw all three of the women standing there. Thinking better of it, he then yelled, “Come!”
The three women went down into the common room. There, sitting at the table were two children: a boy 11 and a younger girl, 7 or 8. Ben said: “The others weren’t interested… this is Ryan and Rebeka.”
Ginny spoke to the children: “these three women had their babies stolen. They want to find their children and stop it happening again.”
“Eventually we will!” said Bes smiling at the two children.
The young girl smiled back at Bes. Bes’s eyes began to fog up and with a wobbly voice she asked the girl, “How old are you Rebeka?”
“I’m seven. Do you think you’re my mum?” Rebeka asked with a smile.
 “No,” replied Bes, “but I wish I was. You’re adorable.”
“She is” said Ginny, “smart, responsible and charming – sky’s the limit for this one.”
Madi had been standing back, staring at the boy. Ryan hadn’t thought that any of it would apply to him. He’d just been staring at all the beautiful women: except for Ginny, he’d never seen Real women up close before. Their faces were not covered with makeup, their arms and necks had a fascinating glow. The tallest one, Alia was light brown, almost like the high Nanopean sky canopy. The middle one, Madi, had yellowy white hair and really pale skin, her blue eyes seemed to look into him. The third woman, Bes, a little smaller than the others had darker skin and eyes, which were made more striking for the dark lines around them. 
Ryan’s serious eyes analysed each woman, one after the other. They were beautiful and scary. He couldn’t help staring but kept noticing them looking back at him with their intense faces. He huddled in a little closer to Ben. 
There was a pause in the proceedings as those in the room noticed Madi, move closer to the boy. Ben leaned forward watching her closely. Madi’s face grew into an almost horrified expression. She took another slow step forward, her head bending down more to look at Ryan. She said in a quiet voice “I know your mother…”
Ginny, who had already seen quite enough of Madi, stepped in front of her: “And who might that be?”
Madi suddenly stood upright – taken aback. “Me.”


CHAPTER 25
Dugouts and Dreams

When everybody really looked at the two: Ryan and Madi - the resemblance was clear. The dates matched. It was a miracle, a first; a Nanopean boy reunited with his mother. What was not understood, however was that their resemblance would become increasingly less obvious. Ryan had already begun N.E.T. His body was undergoing cellular change. His wavy hair would, in coming years, go straight and black, his eyes had already darkened, from green to dark. He was becoming a Nanopean.  
As Ryan went off with Ben ‘for a talk’, Ginny broke the news to the women about Ryan’s health. “You won’t be needing to feed him,” she said. Madi threw her head inhaling sharply. The other two women looked at her concerned.
“So it’s true,” Madi said disgusted, “they fuckin’ poisoned him.”
“I beg your pardon?” said Ginny.
Madi replied, “They converted him into a fu...”  Madi tried to regulate her language a little,  “…they turned him into a robot.”
Ginny gave an uncomfortable laugh and shaking her head said, “I think that if that’s the way you feel… Ryan should be staying here where he will get the support he needs. It may be that later on we can…” 
Alia broke in: “She’s in shock that’s all. He will get all the love and support that is long overdue.” 
“Yes well it’s not that he’s hasn’t been loved. He’s a very special fellow. His father’s done a wonderful job…he loves working and he’s very intelligent – not so very strong though, wonderful mind – loves talking. Has no experience of people yet somehow managed to completely charm all the girls here.” On hearing this Madi smiled bashfully. She could never take a compliment; this praise wasn’t about her. Yet somehow she was getting the credit. 
It was agreed that Ryan would stay at the foster home for another few days, before embarking on a trial stay with his mum. After a week, Ben and Ginny, would go to Madi, Alia and Bes’s house, south of the Stirling gate, and bring him home. Ryan would come back for 3 days, at which point he could make a decision on where he wanted to live. 
A spare room in the underground dugout was quickly made available to Ryan. On the first afternoon of his arrival, Ryan went for a rest. An hour later, Madi, still awestruck by all that had had happened, pinched herself to see if she was dreaming. Her son had been found? He was asleep in the spare room? She went to check on him again. His door was ajar; he was lying on his back she could see his little face. His curly hair had been cut quite short and it framed his boyish features like a fringe of leaves. She felt like peter pan was visiting. “His father would have been so proud – if I knew who he was...” she thought. Madi had never known who Ryan’s Real father was. In the 23rd century this was quite normal. In the Real world people had children for many different reasons; being in a married relationship wasn’t one of them – bringing new life into the world was magical but being human was still a challenge.
Like being snapped out of a dream, Madi saw that Ryan’s face was not a sleeping face but something else. He was asleep but not asleep; eyes quivering as if in REM sleep, yet more animated. “He’s having a fit!” she thought. Madi ran to get Alia and together they stood over him. They said his name quietly agreeing that he was “fitting” but then began to notice his variety of movements: his head would quiver as if he were trying to see something, then there would be some slow nodding and even head shaking. So it was not epilepsy. These were the physical signs of someone engaged in telepathy.
Ryan had been looking to talk to his father but not being able to make contact had become distracted by new things he was beginning to see. It felt like he was in a room. That is, he sensed there were walls though he couldn’t see any. It was dark but light enough to see that the floor was shaped like a hexagon. On each side of the hexagon there was a darkened patch big enough for him to walk through, though he didn’t dare. Dad had warned him that he must only imagine what he wanted to say or what he was thinking to his dad and that talking to other people or walking to other places was very dangerous. But now Ryan found himself standing there waiting. He was frightened but standing there doing nothing made him feel worse so he moved toward one side. There he heard a distinct wind sound blowing into the darkness. Then he woke up. Madi and Alia were standing by his bed looking very serious.
“ohhh, hi” said Ryan, rubbing his hand through his hair. 
“Sorry but we were worried about you,” said Madi stroking his head. 
“You ok?” asked Alia.
“I’m fine.”
“You didn’t look like you were asleep?” said Madi.
“No I wasn’t. I told Ben and Ginnny; it’s something dad taught me - thinking…thinking really, really, carefully…”
“Ahhh” they said looking at each other nodding. “And what do you do that for?” Madi asked, knowing full well what was going on.


CHAPTER 26
Your Father

“You’re going to need some food mate.” Madi had decided that Ryan’s Nanopeanism was just a fad. “Here try this beautiful sweet corn!” she said with as much enthusiasm as she could muster.
“I can’t – I really don’t want to.” 
“Have a drink first,” she cajoled.
Ryan swallowed some water, “Ow! It’s cold!” he said.
“It’s supposed to be dummy.”
“I’m not a dummy!” 
‘I know, sorry darling – you’re very clever! And not only that but in actual fact you’re a human being and human beings need to eat. If you can eat, you’ll be a lot healthier.”
“But I am healthy!”
“You’re a Real person now. Nanopeans didn’t have food any more so they took medicine instead. We do have food and that makes us stronger!”
“But then I’ll die,” said Ryan indignantly.
“Everyone must die darling – ”
“Dad won’t. He was born in 2130.”
“Everything comes to an end; it’s the cycle of life.”
“You don’t know. Nanopeans live forever.” Ryan said.
“Hey. Don’t get upset with me! Just try it.” The sweet corn was a hot and little wisps of steam disappeared into the air. “Doesn’t that look yum? Huh? Go on try it.”
Ryan picked up the corn cob and his little teeth bit out half a dozen kernels. He chewed quickly then swallowed. Madi smiled and said “well done.” Rubbing his back profusely. But she celebrated too soon. Ryan’s face seemed to grow dark with fear, his hand went up to his mouth and again he began to choke. Tears welled up in his eyes as he tried and tried again to get the food down but it was hopeless. The yellow pulp was coughed up and into the sink.
“See!” he said crying. “I told you I couldn’t”
“Too fast, too fast…” said Madi. “No-one can eat that fast! You need to slow down just a little!” 
“I can’t!”
Alia walked in. She had heard some of what was going on. Madi was still adamant. 
“Ok this time you need to chew! And chew and chew…so it just slides down.”
Alia, very quietly said to Madi “Why don’t you let it go until we all eat together later – let him build up more of an appetite. He’s all het-up.” Madi was exhausted too. She nodded and said to Ryan, “Why don’t you go and play the bow and arrow game – the one you like…”
“Can you play with me”
“Ofcourse! I’ll come and play with you in a few minutes.” 
Alia and Madi discussed the Nanopean versus food dilemma. 
Madi confirmed “I looked it up and there’s nothing to suggest it wouldn’t work.”
“Nothing to suggest it would either.”
“But he ate back at Ben and Ginny’s”
“Hardly anything though.” Said Alia
“But it’s a start!”
Later Madi went in to play with Ryan. She said to him. “Soon you’ll be working with all the other children. Real kids don’t sit around playing games all day – they like to do things…” Ryan nodded. He took a few shots at the screen with the bow and arrow. Miss. Miss. Bullseye! 
“Hey! Well done hotshot!” Madi slapped him on the back. Alia came in and sat down.
Ryan smiled and asked: “When I go back to dad’s will you guys be friends with him?”
“It might be hard… you see when you were stolen from me, he didn’t care that you were stolen -  just took you...”
Alia, who had been squirming in the background said “We don’t know that.”
Madi continued: “You know he’s not your Real dad right?”
“Dad didn’t steal me! He didn’t know I was stolen! Dad’s a good person. He bought me up because they said I had no parents.” 
“Eleven years ago he stole you from me! He kills people like us! That’s his job. Ryan, He’s a murderer…” said Madi.
“Oh you guys no, no, no, no..” Alia stood up and tried to calm the situation. 
Madi had never had to practise patience or tolerance. She was used to testing those qualities in others. Ryan didn’t believe her. He was starting to like his new Mum but thought, if she’s going to lie about Dad just because he’s a Nanopean: I don’t trust her. 
He had another question: “Where’s my Real dad then?”
Alia’s eyes looked skywards and she sat back down.
“I never knew who he was.” Madi replied directly.
“Doesn’t it take a man and a woman to make a baby?” 
Madi rubbed her hand across her face. Alia wasn’t quite sure where to look, then raised her eyebrows at Madi as if to suggest a serious answer may be required. 
“Yes, darling,” Madi took a deep breath and tried to keep control of her voice. “…the fact is there were a few men who wanted to make you…” Her flow was interrupted by a surprisingly adult gesture from the little boy - he slapped his palm upon his head in frustration, as if to say “Why me?”
Push on thought Madi, push on; “… and they all tried to make you, but it was a… a mystery who was actually the winner.” 
“It doesn’t matter – I’ve already got a dad anyway – I don’t even want another one.”
“Ofcourse you don’t darling but the best part of the story is that I got you!” Ryan was sitting on the couch staring forward. Madi had to squat down in front of him to look him in the eye. “and you’ve got me!” she said. Ryan avoided eye contact. 
Finally, Madi stood up, hurt and said churlishly:
“So don’t forget: he wasn’t your dad; he stole you…” She immediately knew it was wrong; she’d gone too far. Ryan’s face began to breakup. She persisted: “he became your dad when you were a baby…”
“He is my dad but I’m and you’re not my mum!” Ryan stood up and trudged off to his room. Bes, having worked a long shift in the vines and hearing the latter part of the conversation escalating in volume, joined her two friends from the next room. Madi sat there with both hands pressed on her nose, stifling sniffles.
 “What’s up here?”” asked Bes.
Alia explained, “It’s difficult, Ryan still feels a strong connection with his father and Nanopea…”
Madi blurted out: “His father made a plea bargain to save his own skin and that meant letting go of his own son! I wish I could tell Ryan that!”
Alia disagreed, “The guy saved Ryan’s life. You know what they do to children normally.”
Bes tried to divert the focus of the conversation: “Such hypocrites! Half of them have children yet if they catch each other with the children they kill the children! They’re so messed up!” 
“Well,” said Alia, “the Nanopean, the guard, who he calls his father, who taught him telepathy, also saved his life. And don’t forget Ryan hasn’t met, let alone been cared for by any other people. At all.”
“The father’s on a pedestal,” Madi sounded defeated.
“What do you expect,” said Alia, “it’s his dad. The man’s obviously devoted himself to the kid – kid worships him. I wouldn’t try to knock that over. That’ll only blow up in your face.”
“Isn’t anyone on my side here? I feel like he’s rejecting me! My own son!”
“He doesn’t know you yet! Give him a chance!” said Alia. “Encourage him to keep contacting his dad. To use his gift. That will help settle him and he’ll see we’re on his side.”
“Yeah but we shouldn’t involve him in our problems.” Said Bes cracking open a cider and sitting down. “Let him be a child!” Bes’s view was not the fashionable one. Most Real people believed childhood was over-rated and unnecessary; when a child was physically old enough to work they should be put to work. Childhood and toys were just an adult construct and not actually necessary for children at all. It was also believed, as a result of their contribution to society, that children benefitted by developing a sense of self worth and confidence. Consequently they didn’t feel the need to destroy or reject the adult world at puberty and beyond.
“Well I think once he gets older and finds out the truth about the Nanopeans he’ll want to help.” Said Madi. 
“You better go into him – don’t let him stew.” Said Alia.

Ryan did contact his dad again a number of times and with each contact he found his ability to see things in the Nanopean virtual world became enhanced. It was as if his increased distance from it forced him to bring it all into a sharper focus. The women were amazed at his power of concentration.
After three days of living with his mother and the other two women, Ryan wished he could see the other children again. Having experienced their company - the spontaneity and the fun, Ryan started to Realise what he had been missing out on all this time. 
Madi could sense his loneliness and realised it was a gap she couldn’t fill. So when, on the third day (which happened to be the end of a three month harvest period) she told Ryan about a game, “helix ball”. It was a game that everyone played and it was happening tomorrow. The timing couldn’t have been better. 
“Tomorrow you’ll meet a lot of the kids on our street they’ll all be playing!”
“I’ve never heard of it,” said Ryan. “What’s the game?” 
“We’re competing against the other two streets; anyone living in the streets under our transdome. So there are three teams using the one ball… Come and I’ll show you.” 
They went into the rec room and Madi typed in the words “helix ball” which appeared in large letters on the wall. The search produced vision of children chasing a black ball that both seemed to be able to float and fall. Madi paused the action and explained: “Each team has its own goal at the bottom of its street. You know how our streets are spiral shaped right?”
“Yeah,” said Ryan.
“Ok, so normally, the ball floats, it’s got a light weight gas in it. So you have to catch the floating ball and run down to the bottom of the street and score a goal. If you drop the ball it will float up the spiralling street around the bend until it becomes a dead ball at the top. Get it?”
“Not really.” said Ryan
 “Allright, lets watch some more.” Madi turned the movie on again. There were scenes with both children and adults playing, diving and jumping at this black ball which when fumbled, rose quickly into the air. One man jumped off one foot to grab the ball which had nearly reached the roof of the street. He missed. The ball crawled along the top of the rocky roof up and around the bend. A crowd of people came chasing the ball from below. Meanwhile, higher up the road, slightly around the bend two men had formed a human ladder and several women were lining up to run and spring board off the men to grab the ball. The first woman missed but the second woman was successful. 
The oncoming crowd of people seemed to be a mix from the three different teams.
“It looks rough!” said Ryan. 
“It’s just a bit of fun,” said Madi, who then paused the vision. “Now watch this woman who has the ball, her team mates try to protect her while her and a team-mate press the twenty Earth holes on the ball. This turns the gas inside the ball into a fluid, making it really heavy – so now, if they drop the ball it will roll down toward their goal, at the bottom of their own street.”  
“I don’t think I want to do it…” said Ryan.
“Well you’ve got a place on the team, if you want it. There’s a twelve and under team and everyone between ten and twelve from Blackwood transdome 2 is on your side… so you’re not playing against adults. ”
“Well…” 
“Don’t be scared – no one tries to hurt each other – it’s just a way for all the people down here to come out of their houses and have some fun on the street.”
“OK, what happens if I stole the ball on someone else’s street? How do I get it back?”
“Well a good player needs to know the tricks: don’t forget, streets are connected about half way down and at the bottom. If the other team has taken the ball onto their street and they’re running down with it, or the ball is rolling downwards two players from a different team can touch the twenty holes on the ball it – reversing the state of the fluid, turning it into a gas making the ball float. If it floats to the top of that street it becomes a dead ball and gets moved to the middle of one of the other streets. Get it?”
“Sort of.”
“Hey if you get a touch, you’re doing really well!”
The next day, while Ryan got knocked around on the underground streets and made new friends with his unusual attitude (despite his reluctance he proved to be a fierce if somewhat clueless competitor), Shane had been trying to contact him again.
 Ryan’s safety had been assured although his location had never been revealed and now Shane couldn’t re-establish contact with him.
“This isn’t going to work at all.” Thought Shane, and he started to think about a solution. 


CHAPTER 27
Yes Captain

Shane was discovered, through telesync, to have been in contact with someone through ETP – without having a registered transmission recipient. Service information police paid Shane a visit to clarify the situation.
Although he was surprised at their level of knowledge, he knew right away why they were there. “Oh I get so lonely… I use the ETP application “afterlife” to contact my wife.” He lied. “Sometimes I feel she’s talking to me from beyond.”
The afterlife application was well known for accessing stored information from a client’s conversations and posts and being able to create virtual, Realistic conversations from them. “just until I get over it… self indulgent I know.” 
“That’s not what we’re talking about Captain Wing.”
 “Oh I do it with my son too,” said Shane.
“But your son couldn’t access ETP so what do you mean?”
“Well I can still hear his voice so I talk to him,” Shane lied.
“Why is it that we have records of you receiving links from an unknown source?”
“I have no idea how or what your records… itemise - certainly very strange – I mean obviously I can’t actually talk to my wife or my son – not in Reality… it doesn’t make any sense.” Shane had quite a reputation as a smart, tough, if ruthless guard. The two policemen wanted to believe him. But they were suspicious. After-all, this man had gone against the strictest Nanopean code.
One of the guards said: “Maybe it was your use of the “afterlife” program that was picked up - though that’s unheard of…only other explanation would be: did your son ever practise any form of electro- telepathy?” The guards were receiving cues from their superior. 
“No,” said Shane– “He was only ten years old; he wouldn’t have even known what that meant.” The officer, using ETP, said “I just checked with Aaron at HQ. He says the afterlife software should never be used in tandem with ETP at all.” 
“Ok then. I’m sorry…it’s just my grief…I’m still… that boy was my…”
“It’s OK Captain Wing. We understand.” 
After a significant pause, Shane said quietly: “Will that be all men?”


CHAPTER 28
Ryan I.N.

The Service had very nearly discovered Shane’s telepathic activity with his son. Fearing for Ryan’s safety, Shane had tried to tell him they couldn’t talk for a while but had trouble making contact.
Coincidentally, during this period, Alia, Wez and Madi were hoping to use Ryan’s talents to access Service information. Without regular contact with his father, Ryan became less wary of using the Nanopean network. He began to walk more confidently in that world as a free agent. He saw and heard many strange things because he moved around largely unnoticed by the inhabitants. Sometimes ETP users felt a presence, saw movement in the very structures and colours around them. But Ryan was never found out. He was like a spirit wandering in a busy hotel.
But, likewise, Ryan himself was blind to many things. Without Iris Navigation, the virtual signposts, in the Nanopean network were missing or not visible to him. This was where he had to work in tandem with Alia, who had charted some of the main navigational routes on the Iris lens. She had been there before, and although things looked very different for Ryan, she was able to guide him through some areas of the labyrinth. They hoped Ryan would have access to the whole network and like a ghost, maybe he could walk through some important doors. 
Alia explained to Ryan, “We want to stop some very unfair things from happening. The Service use the network – telesync to stop the Nanopean women from having their own babies.”
“That’s why they take Real babies?” asked the boy.
“Well done. Exactly,” said Alia. “When we find the launch site for this program we want to shut it down.”
“Oh,” said Ryan, “OK.”
“The other thing is,” continued Alia, “did you know, The Service use Nanopeans’ brains to store information about all the other planets and stars…because they want to leave Earth and they’re trying to find a better place to live.”
“I have heard of it…”
“Yes, but they don’t want to share information…We need to find out if we’re safe living here and if there are other planets we can go to. We need to look for these answers on the Nanopean network.” 
“Dad said I wasn’t allowed to do that…but he didn’t know the Service was doing that! I know how to go to the network but I don’t know where all the different places are…”
“So what can you do?” asked Alia.
“Well, I can send messages to dad just like everybody else can ’cept they use a little machine to help them. I don’t. They can do much more than me though. They can do anything …go places… talk to friends…play games…get medicine…” 
Madi took over the explanation. “We have a lens and we can use it, but just like Nanopeans, we need to enter the system electronically –you however have telepathy and can get in and, actually Ryan you’re safe to use it because you’re invisible.”
“Ohh,” said Ryan interested, but visibly a little worried.
Madi tried to instil some confidence by providing some more detail. “There was a way we used to be able to use a borrowed lens, with a borrowed ID but not anymore. It used to work just by sticking a micro camera in an eye… in a lens but we just can’t get in any more. You can though…” 
“Dad did say said I wasn’t allowed to go anywhere near Nanopean Service doorways or anything except talk to him…he said they could take me away.” 
Madi struggled to hide her indignation. “That’s already happened and look! You’re completely safe with us now. No-one can take you away now!”
“Yeah but dad might get in trouble.”
“It’s only dangerous if you talk to someone like when you do with dad.” Alia chipped in.
“Well I haven’t talked to Dad for a while…”
“I think that’s a good idea darling,” said Madi, “because yes, they can hear that. But just quietly looking around – just like being in a big library that’s all. You’re just there to get some information. And we can show you the way around! It’s perfectly safe!”
Bes added her support to the case: “You could be helping so many families, all the kids at Ginny and Ben’s? One day they might need a new planet too! You’d be a hero for finding out!” 

The next morning, Madi and Alia helped to get Ryan comfortable and settled. “I need to think!” he said. “Dad taught me to do it properly. I have to relax…” he lay down on the couch, put his hand behind his head and was still.
The house was absolutely silent and they waited several minutes before Ryan said anything. “There’s a lot of people talking…lots of voices. Oh, too many. I can’t understand anyone!”
“Keep trying Ry – move towards one voice,” said Alia.
“I can hear two people talking…”
“What are they saying?” asked Madi.
“Sound like two women… they’re talking about ... sex.” 
The women all laughed.
“Situation normal,” said Alia. “Ryan try and leave that area. Can you see a door or a window?” 
Once again Ryan began to feel like he was in a room, sensing a confined space, soft walls. Over to one side he saw a familiar dark shape, a hole, a door. 
“The only thing I can see is a hole over there. I can still hear lots of different voices. People are talking to each other. They sound happy.”
Alia said “go to the hole, step through it into the next space.” Ryan did as he was told. He stopped in front of the dark recess and heard that same hissing sound like a breeze blowing into the hole. He thought he could see glimmers of light through the hole.
“It’s too dark, I can’t see the ground.” He froze.
Alia reassured him, “Step in Ryan – you’ll be absolutely fine – I’ve done it before myself.”
As he stepped through it felt as if someone had pushed him from behind; he was dragged forward then standing in a space with the same dusky light as the previous one. Wez and Bes quietly entered the room. Ryan was lying on the couch. His eyes were open and darted around as if in REM sleep sometimes his hands moved as if attached to strings of some puppeteer. He didn’t seem conscious of anything in the room.
Inside the network, Ryan could sense the walls though he couldn’t see them. It was dark but light enough to see that the floor had a hexagonal shape. On each side of the hexagon there was a vague darkened patch big enough for him to walk through, just like the other doorway. There were five doorways in front of him. 
Ryan described his surroundings to Alia and she said: “You’re in the “front room” of IN – it’s like the gateway to the all other areas; the five other areas. You entered through the ETP door.
“Is there any writing at all anywhere?” asked Wez.
“No.”
“Damn,” said Wez. “He can access the space but nothing is signposted…allright well if he just came from ETP – look at the map.” Wez scrambled for the map. 
“Here we go.” he said, “first one to the left is population…” 
Alia added slowly, “… second one is news and the third one is medical, 4 is recreation, 5 should be telesync data. So Ryan, turn to your right and go through that door. It should contain all Service information and star system data etc.”
He repeated the same process as before. “I’m in there. There are still no signs.”
“Ok,” said Alia. “This is the order; there are another six doors right Ryan?”
“Yes.”
“To your left is medical, then questions…the third door should be Service. Go through that one.” Alia’s voice was calm and quiet. 
Ryan walked across. Alia whispered to the others : “If he gets through this we know we’re onto something – I couldn’t enter this section.”
“Ryan?”
“Yes?”
“Go through.”
“I am.” The women all looked at each other wide-eyed. “What now?” He asked.
“What does it look like?”
 “There are no words; it’s like a bricks wall, except it’s not hard, it’s very soft – there’s an outline of brick patterns, long thin bricks.”
“Data Caskets. We need to open them and read them.” Frustrated, Alia said to the others: “He should be able to read that stuff. Ryan try and look inside one of the bricks.”
“How?”
“I don’t know; grab it, push it, twist it – each one of those small rectangles contains tonnes of information.”
“They’re not moving.” He sounded stressed. 
“It’s OK darling, don’t worry about it – it’s time to come out now, anyway.” Madi turned, “I think that will be enough for one day.”
Alia looked at them both and said “It might be time to defrost the last lens. We’ve got to – looks like nothing’s labelled without it. That way he can go back in tomorrow, put on the lens when he gets into the Service area – just in case.”


CHAPTER 29
The Peoples’ Service

Above each nearly every Nanopean city was a space station. There were only 10 Service officials operating the Australian Nanopean cities. Three controlled the Nanopean population in the Nanopean city of Lofty Mountain.
They had been there from the very beginning. Because of their extended lives, they had combined their understandings of the various essential areas of scientific study. Up until that point in history, in the 21st century, scientists gained expertise in only one specific field, such as Physics or Biology. But with the Nanopean revolution, one person now had the time to become the master of many crafts and with this over-view, develop new forms of ingenuity. Known only by their surnames; Magellan, Pato and Jeffery, these overseers were experts in cellular biology, genetics, maths, physics and astronomy.
Around the world there were some 50 of them and since the advent of the environmental disasters and in some cases before, each had amassed huge fortune and personal power. 
Service officials were able to examine their own Nanopean population as one organism. Telesync demonstrated the population’s function, health and memory usage all at once. Results could be analysed quickly and areas of underperformance or irregularity isolated for treatment. This ofcourse meant individual people and their bodies. Most treatments were undertaken without the individual being aware that they even had a problem.
 The Service had continued to use the Subs while at the same time publicly denigrating and even facilitating their demise. While the subs laboured in building and mining they risked suffering blindness, exposure, radiation sickness – many also died from accidents caused by machinery malfunction or falls. 
Service politics were crude and ruthless. Their official line was that Subs were stopping the progress of humanity. The Service put out regular updates showing the ways in which Subterraneans were jeopardising the future. They published information on the excessive use of water, electricity or their inability to manage their waste. They used phoney characters on public ETP forums to add fuel to their polemic:
 “Subterraneans only want immediate gratification and cannot see that for the good of all people we need to think long term. Subs are regressive, undeveloped and motivated by their own selfish needs. They want “food now” despite knowing that the planet cannot afford to produce food anymore. They want children despite the fact that we do not have the resources to increase the population.  Subs want to live the ancient way yet come crawling to us for health care and protection.”
Yet another public statement on ETP from the Service on “the Subterranean Problem” ran: 
“They hold a sentimental desire for all things “old world” in a time when none of us can afford to be looking backwards. This is not a democracy. The modern Nanopean city exists only because of the vision and expertise of a few great Nanopean minds and the willingness of a great many others to put aside their fears and nostalgia and think practically of the future. This is the success of the Nanopean state. The Subs are frankly lucky to have been tolerated at all. In some other Nanopean states, this is not the case. The concept that Nanopeans are now in some way morally responsible to ensure their survival is nonsense.” 
The Nanopeans gave themselves permission to ridicule, abduct, torture and generally abuse Subterraneans. Some Nanopeans even turned it into a sport. Yet the Service was surprised when the Subs fought back. The anxiety virus came as a shock – it had been completely unexpected. 
The virus itself took such a long time to stop - it was an ingenious piece of synaptic multiplication. Each new infection randomly generated a bug which performed the same task. Millions of digital messages, all slightly different, yet creating the same results: anxiety. The fear was even greater because mental illness had become a myth. When aggressive anxiety disorder manifested in people the myth became a monster.


CHAPTER 30
Nanopean Secrets

Wez arrived early with the thawed lens, preparing all necessary equipment to record and process any of the information that may come to light. “How is he handling it do you think?” he asked Madi. “We’re just worried that as soon as he puts on the lens he’ll be seen.”
Wez was adamant: “No, identification comes through the point of access. We don’t even know his point of access. As far as I know it’s a first …”
“But it’s a big responsibility,” said Bes, “he’s so little.”
“I think he’s handling it,” said Madi. 
“He’s so independent,” agreed Alia.
“Yeah well, I suppose he’s been locked up by himself for most of his life. No wonder he’s a little detached.” Alia and Bes shared a glance - they had other ideas as to who was a little detached.
Ryan got up late and was quiet as he prepared for another trip into the twilight world of the Nanopean information system. 
Wez had his OCTOprocessor, a small computer improved over many years, through constant tinkering. It was the same machine he used to introduce the anxiety bug. It contained everything they knew about Nanopean network. He had removed the lenses from the eyes of the Nanopean guards placed them in frozen storage. One of them had now been defrosted for Ryan to use. 
The lens was tested on a beam of light which projected the blue/green image onto the wall. The six navigation points were clearly visible. But without an active contact with the network it was merely a screen. If the lens was activated it provided a number of gateways to worlds within worlds. The lens didn’t seem to have sustained any damage in the thawing process but whether it would be any use to Ryan was still unknown.
Wez wasn’t the type to be driven by a political cause. Self interest was his main motivating trait. Intelligent and with an incredible capacity for logic and mathematics –when approached by a group of Amazonian beauties keen on wreaking havoc on the Nanopean population - “apolitical” Wez suddenly developed some political backbone. Ofcourse he had a problem with the Nanopeans and the way they treated Real people. 
He had never grown to be comfortable in his own skin and was defined only by what he did. He was fine in an environment where he wasn’t challenged by anyone, especially another male. Say he’d just been beaten in a chess game, he would feel a loser forever more until such time as he could win again, and be back on top in his universe. 
Wez was an emotional ding-bat; who fell in love just about every day. He was a serial crusher. In the early days, it had been the upright and compelling Claire. She was so upright that she believed all other people to be as good as herself but often found that ‘People are so disappointing.’ Claire could be intimate, funny and presented an argument better than anyone. Men with any brains always fell for her and she always made it clear to them that it was just a friendship. To Wez, this distancing was irresistible. So he decided to let her know his feelings. But with a humorous remark and a smile, she shut him down so quickly, he hardly knew what happened. But somehow she allowed him to emerge with his pride intact and there was no harm done.
 He had more recently developed a bigger infatuation with Alia. Big mistake. Everyone developed an infatuation with Alia. Males and females - it didn’t matter whether they were intelligent or not. She was tall, strong, beautiful and bright with a great sense of humour, yet had a way about her which was appealing without being arrogant. The ingenious thing about her was that she did not seem to arouse jealousy or envy in other women. 
Wez had a number of problems in attempting to date Alia. Firstly they had been friends for some time. Everyone knew that going from long-term friends to lovers was practically impossible. The other problem was that Alia was so used to attention that she hardly noticed when someone was in love with her. He would therefore have to do something obvious or pull off something huge to make her notice – then he’d look like an idiot or a desperado – or both. But to do nothing would guarantee his unrequited love. He couldn’t win. He had to stay focussed on his work and it would just happen.
Wez described to Ryan what they were trying to achieve. “We’re also looking for planets which are OK for humans to live on. You know about telesync right?”
“Yeah,” said Ryan. “Nanopeans go on every night – dad used to do it.”
“Yeah well, that’s how they process all their information about the galaxy. We’re trying to find out about other Earth-like planets; that’s the information you’re looking for.”  
“I don’t really know a lot about that,” said Ryan.
Alia said casually, “Darling just have a look at what’s there – you’re the only one who can… If you see anything that might be helpful, then great, otherwise no harm done! OK?”  
“This will fit perfectly onto your eye; might feel a bit dry at first…” said Wez
“What is that ?” asked the boy.
“It’s the lens silly.” said Madi.
“Where did you get it?” asked Ryan. Suspicion seemed to come naturally. 
“Never you mind. Now do as Wez says…” she said.
He sat upright, folding his arms. “I don’t want to have someone else’s eye in my eye.”
Wez responded, “Hey it’s not their eye. It’s just a bit of plastic that’s been completely cleaned – been in the freezer for months.” 
“He’s right,” said Madi.
“But it’s going to hurt,” said Ryan.
“Listen,” said Alia. “If it hurts we stop. It’s that simple - I’ve done it lots of times.”
“It’s easy,” said Wez. “You relax, open both eyes wide – and just keep them open. I’m going to slip it on for you.” After much protesting and wriggling the lens went in and Ryan was encouraged to find his telepathic portal. 
Bes, Madi and Alia had a data book each to record anything Ryan said that they thought significant.
It took only a minute for the boy to find his way into the network. Once “IN” he found his way back to the “telesync data” area.
“He’s there…open your eyes Ryan. Use the lens. What can you see?” Wez was being more pushy than Alia, but Ryan seemed to be responding to him.
“Different areas, headings, words…”
Madi and Bes smiled at each other. Alia was busy scribbling.
“What are they, the words?’ asked Alia.
“Telesync…ETP...” the rebels looked at each other, ecstatic.
“Go to ‘Service.’…” Wez waited a few seconds, then said, “Go through.” He was referring to a map they’d used previously.
Ryan walked through the dark doorway feeling the strange shove from behind as he did so. 
“There are more doors in here…Ok, I’m there it says ‘medical, questions, news, renew, astro… ”
“Go in there.”
“Stars, lifestyle, Service...”
“Go in there.”
“It’s that brick wall again. It’s all orange in here. I can read the headings now…, it says Sagitarius at the top of the left column with a less than sign, 30 degrees…”
All four of them wrote down what Ryan had said. No-one seemed to know what it meant.
 “What now?” asked Ryan. “Am I in the right place?”
“One second,” said Wez. 
“What does it mean?” asked Madi, quietly.
“Must be a zone,” said Wez , drawing something on the page. Then to Ryan he said “Try and open it somehow.” Ryan’s head moved slightly in different directions as if looking around the room. He felt all around one of the bricks. It wasn’t a solid structure - it moved slightly, this way and that. He gave it a push and watched in astonishment as the brick slowly came out from the wall, about a metre and dropped down at a 45 degree angle. Trailing behind it were a multitude of titles running horizontally across the spine of the extension. 
“The brick popped out and there are more headings.” Said Ryan sounding less than amused.
“Wow!” the others in the room gasped with excitement.
“What do they say, the headings?” asked Wez.
“It says ‘Star system’ at the top, then a list of letters; HD10180, HD70899, HD77352, numbers, letters …” Instinctively Ryan tapped a title and a glimmering white page sprang upwards. 
Ryan described what happened. “I don’t know what it means.”
“Ryan, that white page is an analysis of a star and under that title a list and analysis of the planets orbiting that star – if there are any…scan for sentences.”
“I am! Just thousands of letters and numbers.” Ryan seemed to go blank. They watched him waiting for some other sign of change.
“Ryan?” still, he didn’t move. They waited.
“Ryan!”
“I’m looking!” 
“He’s getting tired,” said Bes.
“Keep him going Wez…you’re doing well.”  
“How many rows of bricks are there Ryan?” asked Wez. Ryan began counting. As he lay on the couch they could see his mouth moving and his fingers going up and down as he checked each brick. 
“There are 12 across and 30 down on this wall.” 
“OK,” said Wez, writing it down.
“How is it significant?” asked Alia.
Wez was thinking. He looked at Madi, then at Alia. Then back to Madi then started writing again.
“It’s a grid…” said Alia.
“Yes…” agreed Wez. “They’ve split the galaxy up into 12 longitudinal sections across and each row represents a degree – which is probably something like 10 light years across. It’s like a 360 degree scan of one level of the milky way.”
“That’s a lot of ground to cover in an afternoon!” said Madi. 
“Yes, exactly,” said Alia. “And we were just asking him to give us the results!”
“Poor kid!” said Bes.
“They must have analysed this material somewhere though…” said Wez. “There’s no harm in looking… Ryan you’re looking for words like conclusions, results, findings…”
“There’s nothing like that here,” said Ryan
“Search the other walls,” said Alia.
“I am,” said Ryan. After walking slowly around the room, checking each column, Ryan noticed a separate column on the fifth wall was different. Then he started reading: “Final directives.” 
“That’s it,” said Wez. “Ryan it’s important that you read this out…take your time just do it slowly.” 
Ryan opened the casket and began reading what he saw. 
“It says ‘Summary notes: Our 5th nearest planet…ary system features a number of possibilities…firstly the planet HD29458B… Bio sig… nature… has CO2, water, methane and O2 and to date … is one of the possible 9 settlement targets selected for 2273…”
“Next year!” said Bes
“That can’t be right…” said Madi
“No,” said Alia. “Shhh”
Ryan continued: “… Current estimated travel time 4.5 years. ’ ”
“That’s it he found it,” hissed Alia. The women grabbed each other excitedly, then shushed each other. Ryan continued his reading of the casket rolls.
“There are other lists…lots of lists.”
“What do they say?” asked Alia.
“Names, numbers…Letters and numbers, like the other ones, all have same headings under them. There are miles of them! Same same same, it says…”
“We need the names of the other planets.” said Alia
“Read the names darling!” echoed madi.
 Ryan read slowly, “spec-trum of ele- ments and compounds, numbers, numbers, numbers… at..at.. atmospherc…” Wez helped him out “atmospheric?”
The boy continued reading: “Star HD48915, Canis Majoris, astro…metry? Radius, mass, lumino..sity, atmospheric pressure, numbers , numbers, numbers… mortifism: same, gravity: more numbers. Then it says : orbiting planets, IB 77614 D and E planets are habitable and almost identical in make up: (lists of numbers again) under the heading of bio - spectrum of elements (more numbers) then it says: two of the 8 habitable planets are within 2 year maxtransit time and the others are max 5. Each planet moves on the same orbital path and possesses similar chemistry.” That’s all it says in findings for that casket…”
“Well done Ryan, that’s given us plenty to think about!” said Wez
“What the…?” said Alia slowly, looking wide eyed at the other women. 
“They’ve found habitable planets that will take less than ten years travel,” said Wez
“Get him out now,” said Alia.
“Ryan come back.” Madi shushed everyone as Ryan made his way back through the different doorways and arrived in the physical world again. 
“What’s going on?” asked Ryan, sitting up and looking at them.
“It sounds like they’re going!” said Bes. 
“The Nanopeans?” said Ryan 
“And they’re leaving us behind,” confirmed Alia.
“Well ofcourse they are!” said Madi
“This is huge.” said Alia
“What did it mean?” asked Madi. “…planets are the same.”
Wez spoke slowly, “2 of the 9 hospitable planets are … twin planets.” 
“What does that mean?” asked Bes
“That …those two planets in that system are the same.” said Wez 


CHAPTER 31
A Tonic and a Debrief

In the Real world there were an amazing number of bars per head of capita. There were small hole in the wall bars that were just a long, high, stone table with some stools, poor lighting and some background noise or music. There were big bars hewn from the natural rock, such as the ones that existed next to each transdome; large, open, split-level with lots of recycled wood and building material salvaged from ancient city or picked up from the Nanopean rubbish heap, broad windows and plenty to do. They were unlike any of the other underworld buildings – high roof, big front door and huge rooms. They usually had large front windows so that passersby could see the fun going on within. The modern pub had a room for everything: pub sports, pub movies, pub music, pub food, pub meeting, pub gambling and probably any other activity known to humanity. 
When Alia asked Wez to meet him for a drink, hope leapt in his chest, before he was aware that she just wanted to talk about the network information. With the lubrication of alcohol and the required intimacy of bar conversations – it would be easy for Wez to misread the signs. He’d have to be careful. 
Madi was spending more time with Ryan, Claire was busy as usual and Bes was meeting a man somewhere. It was possible they might see her later.
Alia came passed Wez’s house to collect him. He had been looking at an algorithm which represented part of the design for the Nanopean network. Its existence was still something of a mystery. He was developing a theory that as well as being a virtual object, the network, actually existed somewhere, physically.
She let herself in, yelling out, “Wez! I’m here!” and strolled into his lounge. Her smile made him feel like his entire being was encapsulated in warm honey; pleasantly sweet but completely paralysing. She went to his cold room and grabbed a bottle of beer. “Traveller?” she called out to him. She opened one, taking a long swig then threw another across the room. Luckily he caught it. “Oops. Better open that one outside.” She advised. 
Alia set a cracking pace as they walked to the pub. No one strolled in the underworld streets – there was nothing to look at. They went to one of the large transdome bars. They intended to get a seat but it was busy so just they stood quite close to the bar drinking and talking. He struggled to concentrate as she placed her lips close to his ear to make herself heard. But as the conversation developed momentum, he started to relax.
Looking around the bar one could see all shapes and sizes. Gnarled faces, hairy faces, red faces, pale faces. Some of the younger ones sat in small groups talking; one or two doing most of the work while other members sat in various states of interest. There were older patrons sitting on their own, glad to be doing no work at all and in various states of inebriation. Several sat almost in a state of reverie, meditating on some facet of their life, or were simply just relieved, as the alcohol massaged the brain into a state free from pain and worry.
Alia and Wez were animated as they talked. They had both always believed that biota would be found on other planets; it seemed that life was like fire - a freakish accident requiring only some basic ingredients. Yet they were disturbed by the information they had found and that it had been kept secret. 
“There was a staggering amount of information there,” said Wez.
Alia replied: “I’ve been in a daze since hearing it…I feel like we’re just one tree in a huge, never ending forest.” The idea seemed to be causing her physical discomfort. She wriggled her shoulders and ground her finger-tips into her hair. Wez was thinking: ‘She’s so cute when she’s trying to work something out!’ and then he reassessed: ‘It’s not that; she’s just so cute.’
It took him a while to respond. “Well we are descended from tree monkeys…” 
“I think you might be missing my point,” said Alia.
“No,” clarified Wez, “I mean we’re like monkeys who depend on that tree... and we don’t know how to move to another tree.”
“They must be doing light speed…” said Alia, remotely.
“It can’t be nuclear power; that went out years ago…They were working on mortifism as a power source,” said Wez. “It’s almost free energy.” 
“Oh! The stuff from black holes?”
“Partly – axion matter.” 
“Who would want to travel though…the universe is horrid,” said Alia, half jokingly.
“I know,” agreed Wez.
“I mean look at what the sun did to us! We were just sitting quietly on our own planet, minding our own business, then POW!” 
“True,” said Wez. “Technically, we shouldn’t even be here.” 
“But we survived!” said Alia positively.
“We just keep finding ways of perpetuating ourselves,” said Wez.
“And that’s a bad thing? You think we should just end it all?” 
“Maybe…probably the intelligent option,” he said taking a long draught of a light brown amber fluid.
“But” said Alia, “We’ve stumbled across information as important as… the bible, only it’s factual... and you think that now is a good time to flick the switch?”
“So we’ve learned that our planet is one of many that are habitable but we can’t get to any of them. Our boat’s sinking, there’s an island just over there but we can’t swim.” He observed.
 “It is actually worse than that,” said Alia.
“Oh really?” Wez liked talking philosophy with anyone; this was bliss.”Why is it worse?” he asked.
“Because our boat was sunk by some other people, on another fine boat just over there,” said Alia.
‘Mmm. Well it’s time we put a little hole in the side of their plans,” he said.
“What’s the point of starting a war with them when neither of us are leaving? I mean how do we know they haven’t cracked it?” she asked.
“Cracked what?” asked Wez.
“All we have to do is get half way to light speed and we can visit our neighbours! Or at least something quicker than those old golf buggies we get around in…”
“I’m sure aliens would have already invented golf buggies…” said Wez.  
“Yes, probably even funnier if they’d already invented golf… as a means of combat and hit you over the head with a nine iron,” said Alia.
Wez laughed at her joke. She liked him doing that - laughing at her joke. She liked him a lot. Wouldn’t do him though. At least, she didn’t think she would.
“Anyway, we need to summarise this whole thing, if we’re going to…” said Alia
‘Easier said than done.” said Wez, trying to maintain his rational brain. “We have to rely on their summary…”
“What are we going to do?” she asked.
“Well, let’s as you say, establish the main points, have one more look through the Nanopean memory banks - then work out a plan.”


CHAPTER 32
Luhrman in Pursuit

That same day Mark Luhrman exited through the Stirling Gate with all the other Real workers heading back underground for the day. He made his way as far south as he could, arranged accommodation in one of the many hydro communes and started work the very next day. The work was tough and hot, but on the positive side once a crop had been planted, tended and harvested, workers had a certain amount of free time and Mark began scouring all the transdome bars, private drinking houses, from Blackwood to Belair then up to Stirling – some 25 in total. 
He wasn’t the world’s most sociable or charismatic guy – chatting with random people wasn’t his forte. But it didn’t matter where he went - everybody had an opinion on the bloody Nanopeans. 
He got better at it.
His early attempts at espionage conversation were poor. He’d sidle up to someone and say, “How about those Nanopeans ey?” He was usually met with a sideways glance or a vague nod of the head as someone waited to buy a drink. But soon Mark learned that it was better to raise certain specific issues.
“Rumour is, they’re leaving…” always worked well. Along with “Reminds me of my son…” Mark had a whole story about his “son” and the son’s tragic abduction, ready to reel-off on cue. Another good topic to drop into conversation was “yeah well if it keeps cooling down up there I guess we’ll have the planet back!” 
Some were terrified of even talking aloud about the Nanopeans after the gassing in 2202, but most Real people felt so removed from anything going on “up there” that it didn’t take much cider to be freely speaking what was on their minds.
 Of course being passionate and being completely drunk went hand in hand and Mark had a number of times fuelled conversations about the Nanopeans then had to leave the bar because it had all become too scary.
It was always better to be having a conversation rather than no conversation. Something was better than nothing; how people loved to talk! One such conversation led Mark exactly to where he wanted to go. He had been talking to a man who had clearly had five too many – but, Mark knew that one person could lead to another and that perseverance was the key.
This particular man’s name was Byron. They’d been discussing the gas drop. Most Real people found it too traumatic to talk about. The drunken man had been suggesting reprisals and getting excited at his own ideas. Mark hadn’t been showing a lot of interest yet the drunken man continued suggesting increasingly extreme ways of exacting revenge on the Nanopeans, then decided it would be a good idea to involve the couple standing behind Mark. 
“What d’you think?” Said the drunk guy over Mark’s shoulder to an Athena of a woman, standing behind them. “Idn’t it about time we got even with those plastics up there?”
“Yeah whatever mate.” The tall woman yelled back at him. She was standing at the bar in quiet conversation with a guy with a shaved head and a three day growth.
“So you’s would agree that we should…?” he persisted. The tall woman cut him off:
“Sorry, I’m involved in another conversation here.” She feigned a polite nod and turned back to her friend.
“Well iss not rocket science love,” the drunk slurred. 
She ignored him.
“Oi!” the man started yelling at her. “we all live… here, together… you got no right to act like you’re …” he forgot what he was saying then moved toward the woman, putting his hand on her shoulder. Rather than intercede, Mark noticed the woman’s companion put his hand on his brow and start shaking his head. 
The woman shrugged off the drunk’s hand and spun around to face him. She was slightly taller. 
Astoundingly, the drunk then threw a punch at her. As his right “jab” came towards her, half mast though it was, with her left hand, she slapped his fist in the direction it was already travelling but more downward forcing the right arm to fold down over the left – all in one continuous movement. Her right hand, which had been hovering, slapped his face, hard.
“Oh fuuuck” moaned the drunk, putting his hand up over his cheek and eye. He wandered off out the front door with everyone looking at him.
Mark was stunned by the woman’s striking qualities. 
She looked bemused, shook her head then turned back to the bar ordering more drinks. 
The bald man with her was pulling a face at Mark - cringing and said “she did say that she didn’t want a conversation…” 
“I know,” said Mark. “Sorry I don’t know the guy; I just came in for a quiet drink!”
The bald guy gave a curt nod and turned to look for the woman at the bar. Mark was confident enough to over-ride a little snub. He continued, “I’m not from around here… no actually, it’s the anniversary of my son’s…” Mark stopped himself short, then said, “I’m very sorry. Sorry to have bothered you.”
The bald man had turned back to face him, saying. “It’s OK – it’s fine…”
Mark chose to misinterpret the remark: “Oh thank you but I don’t want to intrude really…” The tall woman arrived with the drinks and said to her friend, “Is this guy bothering you?” She smiled.
The bald man turned to her saying under his breath “won’t take a hint.” Mark pretended not to hear and said “just lubricating the grieving process…anniversaries…” Mark closed his eyes, shaking his head slowly.
“Sorry to hear that,” said the bald man, exchanging a glance with the woman. They both stood there waiting for Mark to find some self esteem and walk away; but he just stood there. The woman cracked first – she couldn’t take it anymore. 
“Whose anniversary?” she asked with a little head wobble. Her friend, the bald man looked up at the roof in frustration, thinking, ‘Great! - now we’re stuck with him!’
“Oh my son. He was abducted on this day 2 years ago,” said Mark, trying to establish strong eye contact with both of them. “His mother and I have driven each other crazy ever since. I moved down here for a while. I guess you could say we split.” 
“Is that right.” said the woman. “We were just talking about that… weren’t we Wez?” The bald guy, Wez, didn’t respond.
“I’m Alia this is Wez.”
“Mark.” They all shook hands. Wez faked a smile and gave a nod.  Mark shuddered as he shook hands, realising these were the people he’d been looking for. Momentarily, he was speechless.
“Sorry to hear all that,” said Alia. “We’ve both lost children.”
“You don’t say,” said Mark shaking his head, “I’m very sorry to have brought all this up…”
Wez, Realising he couldn’t win, tried to make the best of the situation.
“What was his name?” 
Mark, somewhat stunned by the whole situation, said “Sorry? Who?”
“Your son. What was his name,” said Alia.
“Oh, er David,” said Mark.
“Well here’s to David,” said Alia. “May you be reunited, one day.” 
They clinked ceramic mugs and said “To David.”
“And yours?” said Mark, “What was your child’s name?”
“Wanda,” said Alia.
“To Wanda,” said Mark. They clinked again.
“Yep, Wanda…” said Alia wistfully, “she sure liked to Wander.” 
“She did?” said Mark
“Seriously, the kid couldn’t keep still. I let her outa my sight for a minute – she took off; I never saw her again.”
“And were you… I mean did you guys go through this together?” asked Mark.
“Oh… no!” said Alia with a laugh. Wez looked at her. 
“Wanda’s father died before she was born. Killed actually, by a Nanopean guard. And my daughter… when I say she wandered off…she was taken off, just like your son. Whoever the fuck stole her… I’ve got a pretty good idea where she ended up!” Alia cursed again, annoyed she’d become so upset so quickly.
“Yeah,” continued Mark, “since I’ve been out on my own I keep running into people who have had this experience. Something’s got to be done.” 
“Don’t worry it is,” said Alia. Wez shot her a look which Mark pretended not to notice.
“Hey.” said Wez to Alia. “Do we just talk like that?”
“No I guess we don’t.” said Alia, feeling reproached. 
Mark pretended to zone back into the conversation and said “if there was something we could all do, I’d be up for it.” 
“Y’know what,” said Wez, “sometimes a few of us get together. There are many people down here who would like answers too. Obviously we must be ultra careful. Are you trustworthy?” Wez, who up to this point had seemed to Mark like a pushover, suddenly straightened up and stared him straight in the eye.  
Mark nodded to conceal his lie: “Yeah completely – I don’t even know anyone down this end of town.” 
“Can I contact you?” asked Wez.
“Yeah there’s a line at my co-op.”
Wez got Mark’s number. Mark couldn’t believe his luck. Sweet eternity was knocking on the door.


CHAPTER 33
Lone Wolf

“Can we just shoot them if we find them?” asked Charles, joking.
“Ah no.” said Shane. Although they were friends, Shane had always been highly competitive in their relationship and Charles knew that Shane thought himself slightly superior. Shane took great pride in letting Charles know that Belair security had a much better record than Crafers, which was under Charles’ command. 
Shane would joke about anything, but when they were working together he suddenly became the responsible leader. This annoyed Charles so that any joke that might subvert his friend’s little power trip, was always worthwhile. 
“Either SCID is being particularly useless or this person’s got some other way out.” said Shane.
“Could be a false alarm,” said Charles hopefully, “and anyway, don’t pretend you give a damn…”
“I don’t have “Real free-loaders” on my turf…” said Shane stiffly.
Charles’ head moved side to side, as he enunciated the words: “…unless you’ve got them on the pay-roll.” 
Shane ignored him and said, “None of these buildings should be here. I’ve told them to remove if not in use…” 
“Yeah,” agreed Charles, “but people fall in love with their own stupid designs; even if they’ve moved they never seem to get rid of them.” He was referring to a series of apartments which had been built to look like natural landforms; mountains mainly. 
Shane activated his Iris bio-Sensor which showed him the location of anything that was alive. 
“Scan and go,” said Charles, “there’s nothing here.”
“We’ve got to do the walls. Under stairs - everything. They burrow y’know.” Shane was thorough. Charles on the other hand had served in the guard for nearly as long as Shane but had lost his desire for the hunt. “The edge of this bloody mountain comes right up against the city wall!” said Shane. “Go round the other side…there might be a trapdoor.” Charles walked through the building, looking for a doorway out on the other side. Finding a large opening where a window had been, he climbed through and out to near where the “mountain” edge connected with the city wall, yelling out to Shane: “They’re like fucking rats; in the walls, under the ground.”
They were now only a few metres apart, separated by the mountain building. “Oi! Keep it down!” whispered Shane. 
Charles continued in a more subdued voice. “They say that before the floods, down in the old city, no person was ever further than 6 feet from a rat.” 
“Rat?” said Shane. He hadn’t been listening as he checked lower sections of the wall for break-ins. “What do you mean rat?” 
“err, omnivore, big front teeth, long tail, related to a wolf.”
“Those big wild dogs?
“Yep.”
Finding the section clear, Shane looked around and asked, “I’ve heard they still exist…”
“Wolves?”
“No, rats… down in the Real world. I’ve heard Subs talk about them. How big are they?” 
“Probably similar to a wolf. Pretty scary. People were terrified of them,” said Charles.
“No wonder; bloody giant disease bearing predators never further than 6 feet away!” Shane climbed the mountain structure a small way, looking down along the edge of the city wall for irregularities. 
Charles continued his musings: “…imagine how much a rat would have to eat! It’d be like “dad where did mum go?....oh she went outside to hang out the washing…when?...oh, about an hour ago..”
Receiving no response from Shane, Charles noticed an irregularity on the ground in front of him. He tried to yell “Shane!” but cut himself short almost choking on the word. He hissed “…there’s something here.” 
“What?”
“Like a flat piece of…”
Shane scaled sideways across the mountain, down towards the wall, switching his scanner to magnetometer providing him with a three dimensional image of exactly what was below the surface. 
“Wow…it’s been excavated right underneath. There’s a tunnel…”
Shane felt a powerful blow smash him just under the collar bone. He thought something had fallen on him. He was sent careering backwards. As he fell he looked up and saw a man leaning, with his back against the mountainside of the building, with both hands around a crossbow. As Shane struggled to take cover the man reloaded and let off another arrow at Charles who, in the dark, could barely see what was happening. In his attempt to move aside, Charles received an arrow through his bottom left rib and into his lung. He played no further part in the confrontation. 
The man, dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, swung the bow on to his back then clambered around the edge of the “mountain” to fire another shot at the injured Shane. But then panicked when he saw that Shane was not where he was supposed to be.
Shane had crawled, like a snake to the very base of the structure, out of the line of fire. He switched his lens back to bio and enabled a heat sensor. 
Quietly the intruder slid down the side of the wall. He moved over to Charles’ inert body and availed himself of the state of the art bolt weapon. Being unfamiliar with the Nanopean gun, it took him several long seconds to work out how to prime the thing. He crouched, then at full stretch, clasping with one hand, peered around the edge of the mountain. The man’s athleticism was impressive. But no sign of the Nanopean guard.
The intruder then noticed something glistening on the ground – he put his finger in it. A tell tale sign of victory; White, oily Nanopean blood, a large smear of it. “Can’t be too far away,” he thought. The Real man was a smuggler of some note and had survived a number of Nanopean skirmishes in the north. “do the unexpected,” he coached himself, moving silently suddenly upward. Two metres, three metres; his foot quivered and scraped lightly against the structure, feeling for a hold.  
Now inside the building, Shane was lensing with both temperature and movement – heat and sound waves lit up colourfully. Being in a quiet, dark area of Nanopea, he magnified the sensitivity. The tiniest scrape of a foot sounded like an avalanche.
Thin light-blue brush strokes lit up in his field of vision. Shane pointed the molten bolt gun at the hottest spot on the fugitive, decreasing bolt width for enhanced velocity. The man’s head was now 3.3 metres off the ground. Shane pulled the trigger, melting a tiny hole in the side of the apartment and almost simultaneously through the man’s brain.
No point checking him, thought Shane, who hobbled right around the far side of the building to where a paralysed Charles lay in a pool of his own blood. 
“C’mon let’s get you to the hospital.”
“What ‘appen to Robin Hood?” slurred Charles with his eyes closed. 
“Fell out of his tree.”


CHAPTER 34
The Galaxy

They called a meeting: Wez, Claire, Bes, Madi, Alia and by now everyone knew, there was another person, Mark, who might be sitting in. When everyone was seated, it was Madi who addressed the elephant in the room.
 “Nobody knows him, nobody knows where he’s from, he’s new to the area and…” she said over applying the sarcasm, “…he’s a lovely, lovely man… who just might happen to be a Nanopean Spy. C’mon guys, there are people I consider family who I wouldn’t talk to about what we do. I know we all get bored with our little group but…it’s insane inviting him.”
“It’s inconsistent with our usual policy,” Claire pointed out. 
“Well he is genuine,” said Wez, “we actually approached him – he wasn’t keen to talk to us at all.”
“So that makes it all OK…” If it could be seen as strength, Madi’s forte was her belief that everyone was out to get you and that no-one should be trusted. 
Bes usually had an opinion. With a strained look she said, “I don’t like it – it’s been the famous five now for years and that’s how it should stay. Unless… is he good looking?”
“No.” said Alia
“Well that settles it,” said Madi. “No Mark.”
“I’ve already told him he could sit in on the meeting,” said Wez.
“Well you’ll just have to untell him.” said Madi. No one spoke to back her up but she didn’t need it. “It’s a female thing anyway,” said Madi. Wez rolled his eyes. And she said with a wry smile, “You’re basically female Wesley”
“Gee thanks.” 
“It’s a compliment.” said Bes
“I know,” said Wez, getting from his chair. “He’s waiting. I’d better let him know so we can get started.”
“Thankyou Wez,” said Madi
“Yeah, yeah…” Wez left the room.
“He’s basically a good boy…” said Madi.
“Don’t talk about him like that.” said Claire. Injustice, big or small, was Claire’s call to intervention. Her friends were frequently in need of moral management. 
Alia agreed, “Yeah don’t push it – you were correct but don’t rub it in.”
Madi’s eyebrows were raised as if to say “What’s so bad about creating drama and aggravating people?” 
When Wez returned Alia began:
“OK, these seem to be the main points. Thanks to Ryan.” As Ryan was asleep in bed, everyone smiled at Madi who nodded, slowly, happy to take the compliment. 
Alia continued, “I’ve tried to summarise everything from the recording and notes taken of Ryan’s three trips into the network. Ryan went in again yesterday – with just Madi and I. Again, there was so much information there - overwhelming – you don’t know what you don’t need to know, if you follow me. We still didn’t find anything on our children but we did find out a whole lot more. In short, it seems some of the Nanopeans at least, are leaving.”
A shockwave rippled through the group and Alia continued.
“There are 8 new planets with life. There may be more but as far as we could tell, that’s all. The life-forms seem to include, on a hot planet; primitive forms of algae yet other planets have more complex plant life forms and oxygen rich and temperate conditions.”
Alia continued scanning her notes: “A further 20 planets had no evidence of life yet seem perfect for colonisation- and a number of these were found over 50 years ago which begs the question: why the big secret? It seems the Service are obsessed with secrecy – like a compulsive group delusion…anyway. It seems they have delayed announcing discoveries because they keep finding other planets with valuable and rare resources.
“So,” said Claire, “they maintain secrecy on this because they want to maintain the telesync system for as long as possible to locate as much wealth and resources as possible.”
“Yes,” agreed Wez, “if Nanopeans knew the planets were there waiting – surely they’d demand to go.”
“Exactly,” said Alia. “Except for a number of little problems: It appears that Service officials internationally do not have room on space ships to accommodate all Nanopeans. There is room to transport about one third of them.”
“Wow! That’s big news!” said Bes.
“I’d be keeping it a secret too!” said Madi.
“…And the stakes get higher.” said Alia. “We stumbled across the international Service forum. Listen! There is a time limit to all this. The sun is due for another explosion in three months. As scientists are not sure of exactly when, that is which day, it is impossible to say which side of the planet will be in the firing line. They…we need to leave before this happens –unless we can survive under here… There are maybe one hundred spaceships, docked in orbit over the main Nanopean centres around the world. However there is nowhere near enough room to take everyone.”
“They certainly like their secrets – that’s quite a conspiracy!” said Claire.
“Let’s just say,” said Alia, “It’s probably the biggest scam since the idea of ‘heaven’…” 
“What’s heaven?” asked Bes.
“Happy place up in the sky,” clarified Madi. “You go there when you’re dead as a reward for being good.”
“And people believed that?” asked Bes.
“Well a long time ago – it was an ancient idea that there was a kingdom…”
“What if people were bad…” asked Bes.
“Anyway!” said Alia
“Sorry!” said Madi and Bes.
Alia continued: “We also found that contrary to what Nanopeans apparently think: transition back to a “Real” lifestyle after Nanopean living has never been achieved. Most Nanopeans went into it thinking they would eventually return to their old selves…If they found out it’s no longer possible - it could cause ... unrest.”
“But they’d never protest about anything - they wouldn’t care!” said Madi. “You never hear a Nanopean saying ‘I’d love to be real again!’” 
“Yeah,” said Bes, “You would think that they had never been like us.”
“They hate us,” said Madi.
Claire agreed: “I really don’t think any of them would be upset to find out that they can never be Real again.”
“Maybe,” said Alia. “But the point is: none of them know they can’t go back.” No-one seemed to react much to the news. “Oh, OK.” said Alia. “I thought that was important…  Moving on…”
“Wow you guys were busy,” said Wez.
“Well,” said Alia. “The 3rd time we accessed the network we found lots of information; not just data. It showed just how isolated we’ve been for so long. Genuine News from other Nanopean states is an exception. But we know there are 13 other Nanopean cities across East Asia, North and South America. Laos, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing, Vancouver, Pittsburgh, Atlanta, Denver, Las Vegas, Santiago, there was one in Mexico I couldn’t pronounce and Bogota…”
“That’s twelve…” said Madi. “Where was the other one? Mongolia wasn’t it?” 
“Oh!” said Alia, stumped. She looked back through her notes. “Er, Ulan Batar.”
“Where?” asked Bes.
“It’s in North-central Asia. A lot of people from what used to be Russia moved down there.” Said Claire.
Alia continued. “Each city has a space station a few hundred kilometres above it with a fleet of ships. As to how many ships or how many people each ship can hold; we don’t know. But what was fairly obvious, by the cryptic nature of the information, was that each ship was going to fall well short of carrying the intended number of people from each city. It begs the question: who decides which passengers are going?”
“And,” put in Wez, “Why haven’t Nanopeans taken action against any of this?”
“It seems they don’t know,” said Alia.
“Or do they just not care?” asked Claire
“Like I said; they wouldn’t give a shit either way,” said Madi.
 “They’ve got everything they want, why would they?” said Bes. 
“So they should get what they deserve…” said Madi. “…to be well and truly fucked over by their own stupidity!”
“Well,” said Bes, “it’s not our problem.”
Frustration was showing on Alia’s face. “I’m not saying it’s our job to rescue them – but we’re connected to them. They live just up here – on top of us. What they do directly affects us. They steal our children!”
“And how many of our people have been taken over the years?” said Claire.
“Some of our ancestors chose to become Nanopean and others didn’t. They pretend they don’t need anything from us, yet they’ve been using us for a hundred years. Up til now, we’ve been focussed on one thing: survival, but now we know: that may not be possible unless we too leave the planet – and right now, we can’t do that. … only they can…”
“So what do you think we should do?” asked Bes.
“Its payback time,” said Alia.
“Finally,” said Madi. “Speaking some sense!” 
“I don’t mean that metaphorically - hitting them ...”
“Oh…” said Madi disappointed.
“I mean literally; we need to be paid-back for what is owed to us. We’ve slaved for them, borne children for them… rumour has it that Intelava which is run by the Service have been behind lots of abductions. 175 people went missing from across the Lofty Mountain region in 2182. They were gassed and woke up on the moon – or god knows where. Haven’t you wondered who does all their mining? They certainly don’t.”
“Really?” said Claire.
“I have heard that,” said Madi. 
Alia continued: “We need to find who runs the Service. Business seems to be conducted from space. I mean, who are these people to think that they rule from on high?”
There was a general hubbub of outrage.
“I think we should demand children be brought forward and returned to the Real world or we will release all telesync information and shut down their cities.”
“We can do that?” asked Bes. 
Alia sat down.
“Wow,” said Wez. “What’s gotten into you?” 


CHAPTER 35
Real Education

In comparison to Real children, Ryan was well educated but Madi and the others decided it was for the best that he start attending a Real school where he might pick up some social skills. Children only attended two days a week as most spent the rest of their time in agriculture. Claire was a teacher at the Stirling transdome. 
Each of the seven gates around Nanopea had between three and six transdomes and it was underneath, at the edges of these that classes took place. The class consisted of about 40 students varying in age from about 11 to 15. Teachers did not have specific subject areas but elected to do lessons on particular topics throughout the year. 
“Today’s lesson is on the topic of Nanopean biology and we’re very lucky today to have, as I think you all know, a young Nanopean with us, Ryan Wing, welcome Ryan.” Many of the Real students turned slowly to give Ryan a stare. Yes it was true they all knew who he was but the adults had underestimated the level of animosity the children would feel towards him, believing their curiosity would over-ride their contempt. They were wrong. Claire decided to ignore the tension; her exhibit ‘A’ was going to be the centrepiece of a very stimulating lesson. 
She continued: “We should all remember that Ryan had no choice in becoming a Nanopean. He was only a baby when he was taken to the surface and given the Nano Enzyme Therapy. Ryan has only just been reunited with his mother and we are very lucky to be able to meet him today.” 
“How have you been finding it down here,” asked Claire rather awkwardly.
“It’s been good; I’ve met lots of new people. Before, I never got to meet anyone.”
‘Had you ever met another child Ryan when you came down here?” 
“No.” 
The other children who hadn’t yet been staring at Ryan also turned and stared at him. Unaccustomed as he was to human company, he began to feel a distinct chill as all the faces turned coldly towards him.
“Is it true Ryan that you are becoming a Nanopean?” asked Claire.
“Yes it’s true.”
“And what does this mean for you now?” Ryan felt she was asking him in a caring way. He thought his new teacher was lovely. He didn’t like what he felt from the students. 
“It means I never have to eat. It means I won’t get sick. It means I’ll live a lot longer than any of you.” Gasps and sounds of disapproval carried very clearly across the dome. A young teenage student raised her hand. Claire responded, “Yes Donna?”
“Miss, why do they all look the same?”
“We’ll get to that later. But right now we’re going to look at some of the history and science behind N.E.T. – and Ryan stop me at any point to correct me. OK?” she smiled softly at Ryan and he nodded. 
Claire turned on a machine which projected huge words onto a screen at the edge of the dome. “N.E.T.: Nano Enzyme Therapy”
Claire spoke to the class. “N.E.T. was in trial mode before the holocaust. Does anyone know what caused the holocaust?
“The Nanopeans?” said Dieter, one of the more attention seeking boys. There was a burst of sniggers as many turned to look at Ryan’s reaction to the slur. 
“No,” said Claire unfazed. “The sun burnt a hole through the planet’s atmosphere killing many and making living on the surface and ofcourse food production impossible. N.E.T. replaced their need for food. The body was fooled into thinking it was receiving nutrition – meaning that eating was no longer necessary.” Claire paused and looked around the room. 
She continued. “Life was also extended by N.E.T. Cellular decay, viruses and disease became things of the past.” She paused again letting it all sink in then posed the question: 
“Is it true that all Nanopeans look the same? Dieter?”
“Yes Miss.”
“Incorrect. You must have only ever looked at the males Dieter because women are different.” More sniggers. Claire knew the joke would quieten him down for a while. She continued.
“When NET was trialled at the turn of the 22nd century, scientists understood the specific needs of each part of the body thoroughly and completely right down to a cellular level – but the minute differences between each person were so huge they could only develop therapy for one human body.” Claire saw a hand raised. 
A girl sitting in the third row asked: “Whose body did they use and is he still alive?”
“Good questions Davina… the first I can answer: the Nanopean man on whom all others were built was a thin, 6 foot, 20 year old computer programmer from Shanghai. As to whether he is alive today; I don’t know.”
A ripple of whispers went around the class. Davina also asked:
“And who was the female?” 
Claire read from her notes: “The female cells were taken from an average sized, 27 year old doctor, originally from Tel Aviv...” again this information caused a degree of excitement across the open space.
“Where’s Tel Aviv?” again it was the boy, Dieter. Everyone laughed. Even Ryan smiled. Dieter quite enjoyed the attention of being the fool.
“Not such a silly question Dieter, considering it doesn’t exist anymore.” The boy looked from side to side, nodding his head receiving imaginary accolades.
“Tel Aviv was the capital city of Israel; wiped out in the CME some 270 years ago.”
“Miss?” asked Dieter. 
“Yes.” 
“Will Ryan turn into a Chinaman?” Many of the students laughed behind hands and some again looked around to see the Nanopean boy’s reaction.
“Racist words like that are a thing of the past. We live in a post apocalyptic melange of different peoples…”
“A poster of who?” asked Dieter.
“Don’t worry too much; we haven’t done that topic yet. As I was saying, genetically, Ryan’s genes stay the same but will be masked by those of an Asian male, yes. Ofcourse, all humans have almost exactly the same genes anyway….” The teacher moved through the class and stood behind them before continuing.
“I’ll wait until there’s silence… thankyou. So to conclude, these were the original 2 people from which all other Nanopeans were created. There was nothing special about them other than they were both extremely healthy, intelligent, physically fit people who happened to be available at the time.” The students gazed at the images of the Nanopean male and female. 
“So N.E.T. was only developed to treat two people. To take the therapy you had to become one of those two people - to fit the treatment. Get out your pencil and write down these final concepts please: 
1. Over time as trojan lattice DNA invaded each cell nucleus, covering the Real nucleus, people turned into the clone male or female. N.E.T. allowed the body to operate using the cloned cells and the nano-enzymes. To answer your question, Donna, a process called pluripotent stem cell fusion covered peoples’ genetic differences. Entire enzyme renewal treatment for these cloned cells was readily available because embryo cloning had become widely practised. 
2. Nano cells then delivered unipotent stem cell enzyme to the many and various locations in the body, creating organs which appeared to stay locked in one developmental phase. That’s why everybody looks the same and stays the same!
 For instance: Geneticists could see the DNA plan for a Liver and make one. Once they had done this, they could supply that particular liver with a constant supply of enzymes to keep it in a state of regrowth; renewal. Similar to what ordinary cells do but without the inbuilt decay. 
To keep a body supplied with enzyme, nano cells swim around in the “blood” and deliver the appropriate chemical to the desired site. What we don’t know is the level to which, each month, plasma is cleaned and new nano enzyme therapy cells are infused.
Ryan put up his hand. 
“Ryan?” Claire asked
“Our blood gets refreshed every month– it comes through telesync.”
“Can you explain more?” asked Claire.
“My dad explained it to me: There is one cycle per month. The body works best if it goes through a period of starvation then feeding. Over…er… 30 days the body goes through one hunger cycle. Every 30 days the Service generates the fresh stuff.”
“Wow! Thankyou Ryan! And for you how will this happen?”
“I don’t know how well I can pick up telesync from down here…”
Davina couldn’t help herself and blurted out: “Could you die?” 
“My dad said it wasn’t known for sure what would happen if a Nanopean tried to become Real again. I can eat small amounts so I guess I’ll just have to wait and see.”
Again the children of the class seemed to find a lot to say about this. They began busily chatting to each other.
Claire’s voice penetrated the noise: “Thankyou! Thankyou everyone. Ryan you’ve been amazing in sharing such personal information with us here today – give him a round of applause please everyone!” As the clapping died down Claire added, “Tomorrow, Ryan has agreed to speak a little more about his life in Nanopea, how he survived and what he hopes to achieve in the future.”
From off to the side Ryan heard a student say “freakshow!” He ignored it, just glad the lesson was over intending to cancel his “speech” tomorrow. He looked around the dome and with great relief saw Madi waiting for him over at the roadway. No-one would ever touch him with her around. As he stood to leave, Claire came up to him and said: “today was fantastic for everyone in this room, including me. Thankyou! And sorry about the rudeness of some of my students.”
Ryan smiled: “That’s OK.” 
“Are you actually hungry?”
“No, I tried to eat at Ginny’s but … my throat just seems to be closed.”
Madi came across. “How’s the star attraction?”
“What’s going to happen with the cell refreshment?” Claire asked the question of both of them. 
“We have until next week,” said Madi.
Mark Luhrman stood on the mezzanine level of nearby bar, listening and watching…


CHAPTER 36
Suspicion

The night after the meeting, Wez met with Mark at a small bar. He wanted to apologise for excluding him from the group. Mark said he understood.
“Actually,” said Mark nonchalantly, “I bumped into one of the team leaders from Blackwood gate; he offered me a place on the team last night – just a couple of days work.” Mark explained to Wez he needed the money to excavate his own place: “I want to settle in this area,” said Mark. “Start a new life.”
“Private excavation? Expensive,” said Wez. “Where I am there are spare rooms – apply to the co-op and you can take one – even two.”
“OK, yeah, thanks. But, I still need the money and I’ve booked two days work.”
“What, you got SCID?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Mark lifted his sleeve showing the scar where the ID Tag had been inserted; a faint outline of the metal could be seen under the skin. Mark continued: “I’ve done total of probably three months work up there in building. They only ever give you two days at a time. They don’t like anyone to become too familiar with the scenery.”
“Is that thing like permanently inserted or?”
“Oh yeah… has to be,” he lied.
“We’ll catch up with you when you get back.”
Wez was sure Mark was genuine. But Madi had planted that seed of suspicion. Wez had a friend of his own in that Blackwood gate group. 
“I’ll ask Tong to keep an eye on him up there,” he thought. 

Once in through Blackwood gate, into Nanopea, Mark pretended to march to the work site with all the others but managed to stay at the rear and slip away unseen – at least by the other workers. Two of the guards were in Shane’s pocket.
It was not difficult for Mark to pass through Nanopea. There was a 15 minute walk before he met Shane in his office.
“So what’s the news?” asked Shane, straight to the point. 
“I fluked it. Literally bumped into them. I very nearly got punched out by the… head honcho Amazon herself! Her name is Alia Borovski. Bokovski? I’ll have to check that… I saw her deck this guy I’d been talking to in the bar. Wow. She was something else. The guy was drunk, was being abusive, and she just slapped him into submission.” 
“Don’t get too fond of her. Keep going.”
“They very nearly let me walk straight in. I’m not sure how many of them there are but you were right - they are mainly females. I’ve become close to the one guy in the group, Wez Carter. They call him fruitbat - wears little round eye-glasses; has these two front teeth, you know him anyway right?”
“M-hm.” Shane acknowledged, sitting back in his large chair.
Mark continued, “There seems to be a crescendo of energy in the group – I could sense it in the way Wez was talking. He so wanted to involve me but the others wouldn’t buy it.”
“You did allright.”
“I get the feeling they’re planning something. There was a serious meeting and…”
“Where was the meeting?” asked Shane.
“Again you were right: Blackwood.”
“Where in Blackwood.”
“I don’t know. The other females apparently got spooked and wouldn’t let me come... the meeting was to decide their next move,” said Mark.
“So you have no idea what that’s going to be?”
“No, they have been getting information from somewhere; that’s the driving force behind it all, we know roughly where they meet, and that it’s predominantly a female group.” Shane was thinking. Mark popped the question: “So when can I start my treatment?”
“Let’s hold off for a few weeks – you don’t want to just disappear now and create a big drama. You’re so close; sounds like they’re about to let you enter the inner sanctum. If you pull this off you’ll be set up for life.”

That night Wez met his friend, Tong, another Real worker on the Blackwood crew who informed him that Mark had been rostered to work on buildings in a central sector of Nanopea called Australiana. A very wealthy group of Nanopeans were responsible for building ginormous apartments in the shapes of long extinct native animals. Updates and upgrades, both inside and out seemed to be forever underway – Mark had been due to work there for the day, had arrived, but then disappeared for a few hours. Wez’s informant pointed out that this was not completely unheard of – workers did do it, (Some guards seemed to turn a blind eye to it) and when Mark slipped back into the working group later that day apparently no-one seemed to notice, not even the guards.  
“Any idea where he went?” asked Wez
‘Nah, too busy working on this giant crocodile. Bloody Nanopeans,” said Tong.
Wez said. “Did he seem to know anyone else on the team?” 
“Nope, didn’t speak to anyone.”
“Who’s the team leader of the Blackwood group?”
“There isn’t one,” answered Tong.
Wez put his head in his hands as he started to feel heat tingling through his temples.
The informant asked: “Who is he?”
“That’s just the problem – I’ve got no idea.”

Mark had to swallow his pride and admit to the girls that afternoon that he had been mistaken; there was something wrong with Mark Luhrman. He told them the little he knew.
“He’s definitely up to something,” said Bes.
“Sounds dodgy,” said Madi, trying so hard not to say: ‘I told you so.’
“Hang on,” said Claire, “did you bring him here on Thursday night - to the front door?”
“No he waited at the pub.”
They all breathed a collective “whew.”
Alia produced the definitive idea: “Right well that’s it; we have no alternative – but before we do that we find out who he’s connected to.”
Wez was feeling shattered with exhaustion from worrying about the whole thing. He could hardly compose a sentence. “What if he’s connected to someone extremely… extreme,” said Wez.
“It’s up to you now,” said Alia. “Make it right. Play along - bring him here tonight. We’ll do the rest.” 


CHAPTER 37
Caught Out

Catching Mark was easy – he was not a violent man and had no idea he was under surveillance. They led him on with a “screening” with Alia and Madi, then later an invitation to the next meeting. On the day of the meeting, they arranged for him to meet Wez at a small bar and made him wait. Bes sat near-by observing him making sure he was not communicating with anyone else. When it was clear he was alone, Wez turned up, greeted him cheerfully and led him across to the women’s house. 
They knocked on the door and as Alia opened it Madi said “Hi” with a big smile and hand extended, pulling him down to the ground where he was pinned to the floor with his arms behind his back.
It was strange for Wez to see this person who he had believed to be a friend, suddenly lying on the floor. He felt the need for an explanation. “Sorry mate. You haven’t been honest with me. You’ve been involved with the Nanopeans. Time to talk.” 
“Who were you reporting to up there?” demanded Alia.
“I wasn’t, not reporting, I’m a smuggler. I bring stuff in and out of Nanopea, medical stuff mainly.”
“What do you take in?” said Alia
“Porn mainly,” said Mark.
“Oh that’s very medical! Porn!” said Bes.
Claire exhaled loudly in disgust.
“You dirty barstard,” said Madi, leaving a perfectly timed pause before asking “What type of porn?”
Alia was furious. “Nice try. But Nanopeans don’t watch porn – they don’t need to! Their whole lives are a series of pornographic fantasies!”
“OK… call me a liar.” said Mark stubbornly.
“I am!” said Alia, close to him now. “Now tell me…” She slapped him across the face – “who…” she slapped him on the other side. “…you work for!” her third slap coincided with the word “work.” Mark puffed and blinked. Alia hadn’t lost any air, speaking in a level voice. “Tell us what you were really doing or we will be forced to kill. You’re too great a risk – not just for us but for all Real people.” He wasn’t being non-cooperative – he was just stunned. Alia didn’t see this as being a factor.
“Madi grab the eyes out of the fridge.” Madi brought in exhibit A and B frozen in a bowl.
“This is what happened to the last Nanopeans who weren’t willing to support our cause. Recognise those eyes?”
“Allright!” he finally blurted out, “I’ve been bribed by a guard, a captain. He knows about you guys. If you let me go I’ll feed him some false information and you can relocate…” Mark rested his head hopelessly on the floor. “For some reason everyone wants to kill me.” Mark was trying to evoke some sympathy. It backfired.
“That’s because you’re a fucking traitor!” said Madi.
“To your own people,” confirmed Alia.
“It’s very sad,” Bes feigned emotion.
“Well he’s not going to tell us… and he’s a huge liability,” said Claire
“He’s also got a SCID on his arm - at least that’s what he said it was. They can also be used as a tracking device.”
“Cut it out of his arm now,” Said Alia. Mark lost his cool. His eyes darted from one person to the next searching for some sign of humanity. There wasn’t any.
“Scalpel.” Said Madi, with her hand extended towards Bes in anticipation. 
“Oh not this again,” said Bes, “it’s messy.”
“Wait! Please!” Mark hissed. “It just slides out.” Mark looked at Wez, who just shook his head. “Please. Untie my hands and you can have it.”
“Don’t untie his hands,” said Claire. “It’s too risky. I don’t trust him.”
“Are you serious?” said Madi. “I mean look at him…” Face down on the floor, dishevelled; Luhrman was more worm-like than usual. 
“OK. Let him take it out,” said Alia. They cut the plastic tie around his wrist. Mark sat up rubbing his wrists. He gouged his thumb under the back end of the tag on the inside of his left wrist and with his index finger lifted a flap of skin at the front. It popped out. 
“Gross,” said Madi, smiling.
“OK we need to hide that thing; get rid of it.” said Alia irritably, “Not here. Stash it out on the street somewhere. We may need it later.”
“Madi?” Ryan’s high pitched voice came from down the passage. “What are you doing?”
“Everything’s fine darling we’re just having a little meeting – you keep on with your game down there.” Although Ryan had experienced the latest in high tech virtual games in Nanopea, he got just as much pleasure from the screen - style games he had been playing down in the Real world even though they were some 50 years old.
“OK” he said. Rather forlornly. Now that Ryan had experienced frequent and diverse human company, he really liked it. Although he found it tiring – the pace of a conversation was hard to keep up with. His new life, though rougher and less comfortable, was more exciting than his long days entertaining himself with his games, the Nanopean media and with Robbie. 
Claire and Bes volunteered to go and stash the SCID tag. Outside it was twilight as usual. The two women turned right, descending down their street. At a fast pace, it took them just over ten minutes to reach the bottom of the street. The whole Blackwood township was made up of nine huge spiralling streets. The transdomes on the surface, arranged in a triangle formation, had three descending streets each. Horizontal streets connected the vertical ones through the middle and at the bottom. Building was prohibited in the lowest sections of the streets. These areas were kept free in case of ground water flooding or landslide and were full of debris of all kinds.
Light was filtered down during the day through series of mirrors which reflected light through central column windows in each street, but after hours, battery powered street lights provided just enough watery brightness to show up the dust particles forever floating in the warm air.
They found a large boulder and behind it enough rocky dirt to bury the tag, sealed in a small plastic bag. As Claire buried the bag, Bes stood keeping a watch over the streets leading off in the three different directions.
The light coming from the street above was brighter than that along the bottom road and as Bes looked upward to the left the silhouette of a man walking slowly down toward them. Bes whispered “Hurry someone’s coming!”
“Hi” said Bes. The man stopped. She then noticed he was holding a gun. At that moment Claire bobbed up from behind the rock. “Done!” she exclaimed. 
The man, shocked by Claire’s sudden appearance, fired at her. Claire was killed instantly. Bes fell to her knees. The man ran up and stifled her sobbing by covering her mouth.
“Get up.” he said. “We’re going back to see Mark Luhrman.”
Bes wished she could think of something brave to do. She struggled but he now held both her arms from behind. His other hand wrapped around her mouth. She bit him and yelled,
 “No!” It was the best she had. Again he firmly gripped her face, covering her mouth. 
‘If you don’t, you’ll end up over there behind that rock with your friend.” Bes wriggled furiously and tried to talk but it came out as a series of muffled grunts.
“Sh sh sh sh sh,” said the man. He slowly removed his hand from her mouth.
“You’ll never find him without me.” She said finally getting a good look at his face. Choking in fear she realised he was a Nanopean.
“I know he’s with Alia.” said the man, bluffing. “So you can come with me and maybe try to be part of the solution or you can stay down here - for a very long time.” Bes elbowed him away from her and started walking but he grabbed her hair and pulled her back. “Take it easy,” he said calmly, “we don’t want any more casualties.”
On their walk back several people went past in buggies – none of them gave a second glance to the couple walking upward along the road. 
“When we get there you’re to walk in and tell everyone to get down on the floor and then you’ll fall on the floor too. Got it?”
“Yes.” She replied.
Bes pushed open the door, walked down the central corridor to the room where the meeting was being held. Just as they got to the door she opened it, swung her left arm around pushing his gun up into the air – it went off and a huge amount of dust and rock particles flew down into the passage. Bes ran into the room attempting to slam the door behind her yelling “Nanopean! Nanopean! Get down!” The door was then blown off as the man fired a shot into it, which passed straight through the door and into the back of Mark Luhrman’s neck. He had been sitting, tied to a chair but the force of the bolt sent him and the chair lurching forward in a mass of wood particles, smoke and human vapour. 
Alia had reached for the gun which was always taped under the table but it was too late. His voice rang loud and deep: “Everyone on the floor!” In total shock, they obeyed. Except Madi whose mouth was automatically engaged by stress. She was kneeling and started speaking: “We’re not armed, we’re all just friends here, really there’s no threat.”
“Quiet…” he knocked her in the forehead with his bottom of his gun knocking her onto her back, “…please!” He said. Madi was out cold.
“Rest of you: palms flat on the floor where I can see them or you’ll lose a hand!” 
Their hands were bound behind their backs with their own plastic ties – except for Madi. As she was lying on her back, the Nanopean picked up her limp arms and bound her wrists together at the front. He walked out to the passage and quickly down to the other end of the house looking for signs of life. 
Ryan had been hiding behind the picture screen in the games room, adjacent to the meeting room. Hearing that it was quiet he stirred from his hiding place. From the next room Alia heard something fall from a shelf and said “Ryan! Hide and don’t come out until he’s gone!” 
The Nanopean was standing at the doorway. “Whoever is in that room come out now with your hands in the air where I can see them!’ he yelled. Movement was heard from the next room. “Real slow!” he said with his finger on the trigger.
“Relax it’s only a child,” said Alia.
Ryan appeared slowly, cowering in the doorway.
“Ryan? Buddy?”
“Dad is that you? Why are you hurting everybody?” Shane Wing put the gun back in his holster and took four big steps over to his son.
“How did you get here?” he asked putting both hands on Ryan’s face. “I’ve been trying to reach you every night. Ryan embraced his father around the waist then pulled back and looking at him said, “I was sent to stay with people over in…” then his little green eyes wandered off to the left. Shane turned quickly to see what had caught his attention and received a double fisted uppercut from Madi who had woken up. He stumbled back into the wall.
“That’s for hitting me…” Then she plunged her hands deep into his diaphragm. “…and that’s for stealing my son…”  As a finale, she used her elbow across the right side of his face, “… and that’s for ….” She couldn’t think of anything. Shane went down like the proverbial sack of potatoes.
Ryan’s mouth was wide open. He found his voice: “Mum! Stop it!”
“I have.”
Madi looked at Ryan’s father in a pile on the rug. She looked at Ryan staring in disbelief at what his mother had just done to his father. The others, still face down on the floor were straining, arching their backs to see what was going to happen next.
Bes, with her cheek resting on the floor said out of the side of her mouth: “Dad, meet Mum.”
Neither Ryan or Madi saw the funny side to the situation.
Ryan knelt down next to his father’s body. “You’ve killed him!” he yelled. 
“He’s not dead. Now you…Go to your room!” yelled Madi.
“You’re not the boss of me anymore – Dad is!”
“Oh really?” said Madi sarcastically, looking down at Shane: “Dad, please talk to your son.” 
Shane groaned loudly. 
“He means go to your room! And bring me some scissors!” Madi sat down on the table, staring at the floor and sighed deeply. She looked at Bes and asked, “What happened to Claire?”
“He shot her…” said Bes suddenly remembering. She started blubbering “She’s dead…for no reason!”
After the ordeal they’d just been through, this information took them beyond emotional limits – and maybe it was for this reason that none of the others shed a tear. Everything seemed futile. A heavy silence weighed them down. No-one spoke until Ryan came into the room again. He asked: “Mum? What happened.” 
“He killed Claire.” Said Madi
“Dad did?” the boy frowned.
“He,” Madi motioned with her head towards the prostrate Shane, “… shot her outside.” 
“Dad!” said Ryan reproachfully. “You killed my teacher?”
“No homework tonight,” grunted Shane.
Madi nudged him hard in the stomach with her foot, “Quiet!” she said.
They cut off their wrist ties. Alia moved close to Shane and said “I know you can hear me so let me make it clear that if you contact anyone from above you will lose everything. We’ve left copies of all the information we’ve gathered with friends to be released if anything happens to us – information that will cause widespread destruction in Nanopea and beyond so… no ETP.”
She looked at Shane; he was lying on his side eyes shut. Alia slapped his face, “Oi! Did you hear what I said?”
“I heard you,” he said. 
Madi said, “Wow anyone would think he’d been hit by a train or something the way he’s carrying on.”
Ryan was looking distressed.
“He’ll be OK.” Said Alia, “The Nanopean head’s not as thick as ours that’s all…” 
 Alia, Wez and Bes went down with a buggy to collect Claire. Madi stayed back with Ryan and watched over Shane, still lying on the floor. Madi tried to talk to Shane: “Listen, your son is one of us now…”
Shane, still with eyes closed said quietly, “He’s my son … he’s a Nanopean.”


CHAPTER 38
Nanopean Prisoner

Madi had quite a task trying to explain to Ryan the “politics” of the situation. The boy couldn’t reconcile the two different pictures he had of his father; good guy and bad guy. He loved his father but this new man was a mystery. He liked the mystery.
The others took Claire’s body to the morgue in Stirling. She had no surviving family to contact but as a well known teacher there would be many wishing to pay their respects.
It was nearly impossible for the group to have Shane under their roof. But it soon became apparent that hatred would have to be put aside for the sake of the boy. 
Ryan wouldn’t leave his father’s side. When told to go to bed he refused, thinking that more harm would come to his father.
Bes tried to help: “You must sleep little man. Tomorrow’s a really big day - we have to make a lot of important decisions…”
“About what?”
“Well, the other Nanopeans don’t know much about the things you’ve helped us to find out; we have to decide what we are going to do.”
“What’s going to happen to dad?”
“He’s going to stay here with us, for now… we hope he’s going to be on our side and that he won’t try and hurt us again…Now come on let’s get you into bed.”
“Thanks T,” said Madi. 

The next day Shane seemed to be fine. Ryan awoke early and was already in questioning his father about everything. As soon as they were up, the women had breakfast and went in to talk to Shane, who was now upright on the couch.
Alia said, “I want you to relay a message to the rest of Nanopea…”
Shane replied, “I don’t think I can, we’re too far down, there needs to be a relay point for connection.”
“Try” said Alia.
Shane activated IN and used his tongue on the roof of his mouth to navigate across to the ETP section of his iris to make contact.
“I can’t,” he said, “we’re just too far…”
“We’ll just have to move you closer to the surface. Wez who’s home at yours?
“No-one I don’t think… But it’s a mess …”
“Oh shut up.” Said Alia smiling, “Let’s go.”
“Can I have my weapon back?” asked Shane. 
“What a good idea.” Said Alia. “Wez you’ve got a new toy.” She said handing Wez the bolt gun.


CHAPTER 39
In Orbit

The three Servicemen sat in a darkened room in the docking station in orbit over the Nanopean city. They were using a function of the network and ETP which allowed them to inhabit a virtual space. They were able to follow each others’ train of thought, examine myriad documents and view images, simultaneously: all without lifting a finger or even batting an eyelid. It was the practical application of the idea that three brains are better than one.  
Jeffery: Wing’s been loyal and effective but he is wayward. A number of decisions demonstrate an increased level self importance. View the record…
Pato: His last point of contact was at a Blackwood relay point – he was using ETP – multiple messages trying to contact someone called Ryan.
Jeffery: Yes but not in the usual way.
Magellan: What does that mean; not in the usual way?
Jeffery was alleging something more serious: If you want to find someone specific you go to contact and check your list. Similarly if there’s someone you wish to meet you leave the calling card. He was wandering around in Roam looking for this Ryan…
Pato: Maybe he was trying to divert attention.
Jeffery: Wait a minute, yes here it is - the son was called Ryan…
Magellan: It’s simply not possible for him to be contacting a non Nanopean on the ETP network. It says here Wing used a grief program called ‘afterlife’ where one can contact departed loved ones. That has already explained his irregular use of ETP.
Pato: The son received therapy.
Magellan: So?
Pato: how does the child maintain his blood without update.
Magellan: We’ve been through this before – it’s done in exactly the same way. Male to male; female to female. A Nanopean can update another just by giving refreshed blood. It’s enough – it works. 
Pato: But does the son have an ID number or access?
Magellan: ofcourse not – the number of people using the system does not change; any difference in volume would be obvious.
Jeffery: True enough. But then, organic telepathy?
Pato: It would explain the record of unidentified action on the network... and we’ve lost how many guards now?
Jeffery: Being killed for their eyes you think?
Magellan: Conjecture: Subs kill guards – they don’t need a reason. 
Jeffery: We know but the point remains, parts of the network have been altered and rearranged, without any reference to a user.
Magellan: It was just a glitch Jeffery – it’s a huge international system…
Jeffery: …with only a handful of users. And foreigners don’t use our hex area of the data bank. Wing has been operating outside all acceptable parameters for a long time now. His time has come. You let him and his son go. He’s obviously gone against all protocol, left Nanopea to find his son.
Magellan: That’s not true. He was…is on a covert mission to find the female terrorist unit. Reputedly, the same group responsible for the last major network virus and other crimes... he was getting very close.
Jeffery: Not close enough. We end his tenure now.
Pato: Agreed. A valuable resource but… arrogant, unpredictable; a bad combination.
Magellan: Yet he knows everything about the job. There’s no-one better…
Pato: But he has no loyalty. It’s one of the many reasons we always outlawed children – they only create instability in a population.
Jeffery: At this stage in the exit plan all we need to do is simply maintain the status quo – quell hysteria. We don’t want radical change now.
Magellan disagreed: You call it instability but are you sure these are small isolated problems?
Jeffery was firm: There are similar problems in some of the American cities – we’ve just been too soft…
Pato: …And this is the thanks we get.
Jeffery continued: All our attention needs to be focussed on selecting the transportation colony and fleet engineering. There’s no time for any more of this nonsense. On this occasion the majority has it. Bring in the Wing. 
Magellan relented: You’re both sure?
Jeffery sensed victory: And the son; if he encounters an accident in the meantime – such is life. I can’t imagine what inspired such leniency in the first instance… Wing’s had 5 years to sort out this rebel problem. It’s time.


CHAPTER 40
Interrogation

At the womens’ house, Shane was being interrogated. They sat in the main room, the knives and guns out on the table like salt and pepper. Madi sat with an arm resting on a Glock G22 – a handgun hundreds of years old for which they’d managed to secure a huge quantity of ammunition. Bes scraped the palm of her hand with the blade of an old hunting knife.
Alia pulled up a chair and sat directly in front of Shane at eye level.
“Who’s your superior?”
“I only know him as Magellan.” Said Shane.
“Magellan? What sort of a name is that?” Said Bes. Alia glanced toward Bes briefly before continuing.
“Have you ever met him?”
“No.”
“Well how have you been in contact with him?”
“We do everything using ETP.”
“ETP only?” asked Alia.
“Correct.” Answered Shane. 
“What do you see when you’re talking on ETP? Do you see the person?” asked Madi.
“No, you get a complete sense of who they are without…you feel like you see them and you…” 
Alia was getting frustrated with the interruptions and asked the two women: “may I?” 
“Hey, I…” shrugged Bes.
“Yeah go for it.” agreed Madi 
“Thankyou. Now, what have you heard about the space program?”
“I don’t get any information like that. As far as I know we’re still searching for an Earth-like planet to settle.” Said Shane.
“You know about the space ship waiting up there? And that there’s another CME predicted in six months?”
Shane’s eyebrows raised slightly hearing this. “No.” He seemed genuinely surprised.
Alia continued. “The Service are planning on leaving Earth, soon; they haven’t told anyone that there are only 10,000 seats. They’re going to leave most of you precious Nanopeans behind, to burn. They’re telling you nothing. They’re giving you nothing. You need to stand up for yourself. Like we are.” Shane was clearly shocked by all this news. 
“What do you know?” asked Alia.
“I’m a guard – I look after Nanopea and the Subs coming in and going out, that’s my job.”
“Now I consider that to be lying because you came down here…” Alia was stopped short.
“…to find my son.” interrupted Shane. 
“To find us you mean,” said Madi shaking her head but smiling.
“No.” Shane was also shaking his head.
“Don’t worry, poor old Mark’s already filled us in on both his and your job.”
“Then why if you know all the answers are you questioning me. I’m a guard. I’m not a Service official. ”
“I guess I had hoped that maybe, now that you’ve been disillusioned as to the truth, you might change your point of view,” said Alia.
“What swap sides you mean?” said Shane.
“Ryan needs you; we need you… we found a huge file on you outlining all your misdemeanours.” Alia left the information hanging.
“Oh yes… and?” asked Alia.
“The Service seem to have documented a lot about your various crimes, your corruption.”
“They document everything; all allegations – true or false,” said Shane calmly.
“And now you’re down here – with the enemy,” said Bes, always looking for the creepy angle.
“Join.” said Madi.
“I can’t. As soon as I fall asleep, they’re in my head; they can snuff me out like a candle.”
“Well isn’t it true what you said; they can’t reach you underground, through all this solid rock?” asked Alia, tilting her head to one side looking at the ceiling.
“Yes but you’re all at risk. This whole place is at risk. Blackwood, Belair, Stirling, Crafers, Picadilly and Greenhill - goodnight all. They’re here now. They’re looking for me now.”
“Not if we get them first,” said Alia standing up.
Shane’s eyes followed her. “It’s not the Nanopeans; it’s the Service – they’re the Real gods. We’re their creatures.”
“We’ve thought of all that,” said Alia with a smile.
“We can’t broadcast internationally – our network is completely isolated.” Shane was beginning to show some signs of exasperation.
“We don’t need to go international – you contact Magellan and tell him what we intend to pass on to the Nanopean population. It may worry them, don’t you think Shane?” 
“It may,” said Shane unconvinced.


CHAPTER 41
The Statement

Shane was moved to Wez’s house, much closer to the surface, so he could relay his message to Magellan. As they went in through Wez’s front door they noticed Real people come running round the bend, panicking and yelling “Guards! Guards!” rushing to get off the street and into their homes.
“Shut the door!” said Wez, “There’s a safe - room!”
Inside the front door, the rough hewn, rock wall of the hallway concealed a hidden latch. Wez lifted away a brick size rock to reveal the lever. Pulling it released a trapdoor in the ceiling from which a thin metal ladder was revealed. Wez used a rod that came down on top of the trapdoor to release a catch on the ladder. A thin tunnel had been cut through the rock and from this slid the bottom half of the ladder, which extended to within a few feet from the ground. 
The four of them squeezed up through the hole. Wez used the rod to pull the ladder back up and then closed the trapdoor.” 
“We must be close now,” said Shane 
“It is. Five metres of rock.” 
“You guys Realise whether I’m held against my will or not it’s a security breach - the Service will be trying to kill me now. They’ll find me, as soon as I transmit they’ll find me.”
“If you get this message to Magellan, they will change their point of view. You’ll still have a job.”

Magellan had been waiting, expecting him.
Shane: I’m going to read a statement from the Subs
Magellan: That would be Alia Bokovski and co. Where are you?
Shane began reading: “We’re in trouble. I’ve been down below. I’m only alive because of what I can tell you. You must do as I say. Withdraw all Nanopean guards from the underworld. The group of Subs we knew to be planning an attack have been through all of the Service data: star system files, planet files, your six month CME prediction, your lack of preparedness…”
“Go Shane,” said Alia smiling. Shane continued: “…the spacecraft only being able to transport 20 % of the population, the problem of N.E.T. physiology reversal, they’ve even read my records – they know everything. They are in contact – internationally. Publication of this information will cause a disruption, the likes of which we have not seen since the virus. Pull out the guards. Now.”
Magellan spoke to Jeffery and Pato. Pato posted the information so that in seconds Laos, Ulan Bator, Beijng, Tokyo and all of North and South American Service could listen in.
 Shane continued reading Alia’s statement , “The Real people want all stolen children or any other children in Nanopea to be taken to the Stirling base for assessment. They want you to announce that you have closed the life centre so that no-one can be killed for coming forward….”
At that moment they heard an explosion from the street outside.
“Keep going,” said Alia quickly.  
Shane read. “You need to make this promise. Also, that the wishes of all children will be respected in regard to where they want to live.”
From directly under them, the sound of many feet entering Wez’s house could be heard.
“They’re in,” said Wez.
“Oh my god,” said Bes, looking downward, “they’ve found us!” she put her hand over her mouth. Shane too had stopped reading.
“Keep going!” said Alia 
“… Real parents need to know what had happened to their children. From the surrounding underground townships we know there to be at least 150 children under the age of 15. Send them all forward.”
The sound of voices and feet marching in and out of the house had subsided. Shane read on.
“We also know, prior to that, in the last century, there have been some 200 babies stolen. If they are still alive, they must come forward now without fear, to register. 
All other Nanopeans, including guards and officials, are to stay home. 
If our children remain missing and unaccounted for we will shut down your city and put an end to the aspirations of the Nanopean population. You remain at our mercy on this so please, send the children to the colosseum building, at the south east of the city. 
All children are to come forward, by themselves. No other Nanopeans are to come out of their houses until further notice.” 
Shane’s message ended. His words had been heard by Service officials worldwide. 


CHAPTER 42
Children Come Out

Alia and Bes sent messages throughout the underground cities that children were about to be released and with a growing number of predominantly women, they began to make their way into Nanopea. 
In their wake, a growing number of people were taking to the streets – gathering in the transdomes. Alia and Bes, preoccupied with what they were about to do, barely noticed that many of the people were armed.
The Service reached an international consensus to allow the Real people 3 hours of access to the city free from Nanopeans. The Service concluded, given the degree of accuracy in the information presented, and the potential for international publicity, the rebel demands would be met. The city was shut down and Nanopeans stayed indoors. 
That afternoon Bes had been stationed in at Nanopean city central magnarail. The city was absolutely dead. Empty trains passed silently through the stations. 
Then the first group arrived: 29 children, an hour after Alia’s announcement. Bes could see their faces peering out as the train came to a stop; dozens of big dark eyes and pale faces. She waved at them and ran over to help them from the carriage. 
She stepped in through the door and called: “Hello everyone. Don’t be scared. I‘m here to look after you.” None of the children moved. Some stared straight at her; others looked to one another for guidance. She took several of the older looking children by the hand. “Come with me, this way…you’re going to be ok… everybody off.” She smiled at each of them, trying to put them at ease with her warm smile, but the smile became twitchy as she realised that they all looked the same. Some of the older children began to take the younger ones by the hand. As the last of them disembarked, one little girl spoke to Bes. 
“Robbie wanted to come and see the parents too!”
“Oh… great.” Said Bes, not knowing why “Robbie” shouldn’t come and see his parents. The girl continued, “He knows he hasn’t got a Real mummy or daddy but he still wanted to come.”
Bes had never seen a robot child before. He was perfect. His hair was straight and black, eyes dark brown, skin – pale. There were no perceptible signs that the little thing wasn’t one of the group – except for the facial expression. His face was more inactive. The other children fidgeted, their fingers picked and tweaked, their eyes darted around as they took in their surroundings and stole glances at the strange “Real” woman. The robot child had the poise of an elder statesman. His eyes certainly moved around but tended to fix on one thing for two or three seconds and the head was slightly inclined to follow. 
Bes was fascinated and couldn’t help reaching forward to touch the face. It jolted its head back and the eyes widened as they looked at her. She had shocked the little creature. It had not been touched by a stranger before. Softly she held his chin. It was warm, soft and dry: “What’s your name?” Bes asked.
“Robbie,” it said. Its voice was confident, high pitched. 
“And who are your parents? asked Bes
“Albert and Karina.” said the robot.
“What do they do?”
“Daddy’s a priest” said Robbie.
“A Priest?” Bes asked. She knew a priest was a religious leader but little else. “Does he work in a church?”
“No. He makes games for flying, astral travelling and elevating…a priest means he shows everyone how to do it.”
“Oh right. And what do you call that religion?”
“Flying.”
“Wow! said Bes, “I’ve never heard of that!”
“It’s new,” said Robbie. He waited for her to ask another question and when she didn’t he said, “Are you looking for your children?” The high frequency yet self-assuredness of his voice was odd. He seemed keen for her to answer, studying each tiny feature on her face looking for a sign. She felt an urge to frustrate him. She just said, “No.”
He continued watching her as she moved away. Bes could see that some of the children knew each other. They’d obviously been brought up in secrecy; she wondered: had some Nanopeans the cheek to have stolen more than once? 
Bes scanned the crowd of children assembling before her and realised that many of the children who seemed to know each other were “Robbies” accompanying another child. It was impossible to tell which were “Real” and which were not. There were toddlers who still had unique characteristics, being carried by Nanopean children only a few years older. All the teenage boys had the same faces and all the teenage girls looked as if the same girl had been copied but each with slightly differing fashion sense. She kept saying to herself, “They’re all the same,” over and over.
Bes became breathless with shock. The children had all disembarked and were standing staring at her. She opened her mouth to speak but no sound came out. She swallowed, opened her mouth and tried again. “…Go straight…” She pointed southwards. “…through to the number 4…” before she’d finished giving directions, all the small faces turned to see a group of twenty or so children coming up the stairs from another underground platform. Bes took a deep breath and finished her instructions:
“Go across there, towards number 4, out the gate and next to the colosseum, sit down on the Spanish steps. You’ll see all the parents waiting there. Don’t be scared.” She smiled shepherding the little people along in the right direction. Then jogged back to where the next group were coming up. 
Bes wasn’t thinking about her own child – she was blocking out this possibility. He would be 14 and she now knew, unrecognisable. He would have no idea who she might be; that’s if he was even alive. But still she searched each face for some kind of recognition.  
And the children kept coming. Clearly Shane’s message to the Service had hit its mark. Each incoming group were made up of the same groups: Robbies, individual looking toddlers, dark featured asiatic boys and brown haired, brown eyed girls. 
Over the next hour more trains arrived, the youngest passengers being just babies. These stood every chance of being reunited with their parents but for the older ones, the clones; there would be no way to identify them and no record of where they were from. 
 Real people had flooded in through the Stirling gate, waiting for the first glimpse of their children. Most of them had never been in the Nanopean city before and were overwhelmed by the towering structures and the strange architecture. 
As the children dismounted the train, walked down the platform, and out across the road to the colosseum, a cry went out from the crowd of waiting parents. It was a cry of joy and excitement as they saw their children were coming home. But when they set eyes on their babies the parents realised they had been irrevocably changed. Most of them had become Nanopean and one could no longer be recognised from another.
Still, the parents surged forward hoping to find their own child. The children then stopped, shocked by the faces in front of them, weird faces contorted and crazed, each with different eyes darting and searching. The children sensed the fear, anxiety and horror. Fear that they wouldn’t find their child, anxiety at what had become of them and horror that the child was no longer theirs. 
There was a stand-off. Those at the front stopped. Real people at the back of the crowd surged forward, their excited cries turning to gasps of shock as they too saw – few of the children had any distinguishing features. They were all the same. Some children cried, others stared blankly, a few whispered to each other.
Bolder parents strode forward and began inspecting faces, staring closely into the children’s eyes as if they were about to see some family feature, trait or a deciding sign. 
Some of the Real parents recognised a baby, maybe their baby. A tussle ensued between a Nanopean female teen and a mother who tried to pull her child from the girl’s arms. 
“You can look but you can’t take her!” said the Nanopean girl. “She’s my sister – she’s from a loving family!”
“Yes I know!” said the mother, reaching for the infant, her eyes fixed on its little face. “My family!”
“Please help me,” said the girl, looking toward other adults. “We only came because we had to. This woman’s taking my sister.” 
“Like hell that’s my daughter!”
Many of the children began to cry and the chaos became more intense as Alia and Bes exchanged a glance wondering if they had made a huge mistake. Bes started yelling.
“Ok calm down everybody! People stand back. Please show some respect!” Alia walked to the edge of the crowd pointing and yelled: “Children come this way and sit down; Adults stay seated on the southern steps just over here.” With some order restored, there seemed to be an expectation that she say more.
“Many of you will go to your homes in Nanopea as normal. We know you were taken from your parents standing here. Unfortunately now, we have no way of knowing who you are. You have lives here in Nanopea, but your parents here also love you still and have spent many years grieving for you – hoping that someday you might come back.” Many of the parents cried not only for the children but for themselves as they recalled time lost; hours spent hoping, praying, wondering what happened to their child. 
Alia continued. “This was the day that was meant to happen. The choice is yours, whether you come home to the Real world or stay in Nanopea. Know that whatever decision you make you will always be welcome in the place of your birth. Take a few minutes to sit and think about what has happened. Feel free to talk to any of us. No-one here is to blame for what has happened.”
The two groups fell back and sat with their own, before a few extroverts from each group ventured across the invisible line.
Children spoke awkwardly to people who may have been their parents. Adults questioned youngsters who may have been their children.
Alia asked an older child to speak, on behalf of the others. She said: “We are sorry we became lost. We have parents now, here, in Nanopea. We have families…” the girl’s speech fizzled out. Alia spoke quietly to her and then the girl added: “We would like to come and visit…” this was too much for many of the parents; many of whom were wiping away tears or trying to comfort one another. 
Alia tried to end the drama saying to the children: “never forget your true parents or where you came from. We have a guarantee for your safety upon your return. You will no longer have to live in seclusion, the Service have guaranteed your safety.”
One woman suddenly blurted out, “But if you stop the Nanopean therapy you can return to a normal life; to who you really are…to your original self…don’t any of you want that?” many of the children sat back down on the steps awkwardly, waiting to return. 
In all, only 3 babies and 3 small children were reunited with their Real families – most parents returned saddened and embittered.
The news spread through the under-world. Anger boiled over while at the same time it was clear that a takeover of the city was now possible. The seven underground cities erupted in activity. It was time for the Real people to take back the surface. Some rushed home with their children and barricaded themselves inside while others gathered in the streets of the transdomes. 
Meanwhile, Shane and Wez had been spending the last few hours discussing in detail the facts about the space program and what it all meant. And as Shane was just starting to wonder about his son, there he was: he could feel and hear Ryan’s voice: 
Guards took us dad! They’ve taken us to our old house. They were looking for you. They tied us up! We waited there for a while – then something happened and they all just left. We’re still here. Dad come up there’s no one here! Help us!
Shane: OK we’re are coming. Tell me if they return.
Shane and Wez, wasted no time. 
“Here take your gun.” Said Wez. “I’m not much of a shot.” Shane shoved it down his trousers.
The street outside the house was empty but as they reached the upmost level it was a whole different story. Inside the transdome it was virtually standing room only. The mood was rough. Everyone had a weapon. There were guns, knives, swords, mining tools, steel bars and wooden sticks. Shane pulled his hat down low over his face.
They made their way around the outer edge of the dome towards the exit. Shane said to Wez, 
“Ask them, what the hell they’re doing! Tell them: guards have bolt guns that can shoot a hole through half a dozen of them at once.” Progress through the crowd was slow. Wez turned to a man and asked: “What’s going on?” 
“You haven’t heard? When the parents and the children get back –we’re going in!” said the man. 
“Fuckin’ Nano!” somebody yelled. Shane had been spotted. Two men lunged at him pushing him back into the sloping roof of the dome. Shane slid awkwardly down onto the ground but had the presence of mind to somehow produce his weapon. He was on his back, waving the gun in the general direction of the attackers, who immediately saw that it was a bolt gun. They all pulled back in a rapidly increasing semi-circle. 
“He’s with us!” yelled Wez finding voice. 
Shane stood up and said. “Go. Wez. Run!” Wez busted the door open and Shane followed. It was a more than unusually bad day outside. The hot wind howled and sand stung their faces. Several men tried to pursue but were pulled back; the people of the underground settlements had agreed to wait for the return of the women and children before storming Nanopea.
Without looking back, Shane and Wez sprinted like madmen up the covered walkway. They could see the huge gates were open and unguarded. The Real people; the parents leaving the city, looked up to see a man being chased into the city - by a Nanopean
At that moment, Alia and Bes having escorted the children back to the trains, turned and headed back toward the Belair gate when in the distance, they noticed guards flooding down the main road. They hid and saw them heading out the gate into the underground.


CHAPTER 43
Exile on Shane

Lofty Mountain Nanopeans were told that Subs had attempted to launch a powerful new virus. The network was temporarily disabled until the perpetrators were brought to justice. 
The whole incident had raised alarm bells among Nanopean Service officials worldwide. A number of other Nanopean cities had been experiencing their own particular problems with their own satellite or underground populations and it was widely agreed that on utilitarian grounds, enough was enough. Tolerance had been worthwhile, had been a means to an end but now that they were losing control; the integrity of the future was being undermined. A more militarised response was required.
As it was daylight, guards in radiation armour surrounded the transdomes and rolled hundreds of narco-spray, canister balls down the streets. They then sealed off all exit points. Central ventilation shafts were used to the same effect with devastating consequences. The vapour was immediately debilitating and in larger doses absolutely lethal. All people in underground settlements were destroyed except for Greenhill, which was protected for purposes known only to the Service.
Despite having been a Captain in the East for nearly a hundred years, influencing many younger Nanopeans in the job and with a legendary hit-rate, Shane was now persona-non-grata. His command in that area had now been given to another Captain. The change had caused some dispute in the ranks, but in the end it was clear: he had become one of them. Service officials expected Shane would be dispatched in the underground with all the rest but just to be sure, guards across Nanopea, were still hunting for the hunter. Not only had the closing of the ETP network meant that Alia couldn’t publish the medical and astronomical information, but it also meant that Shane couldn’t contact the Service. His survival now depended on the women he’d been commissioned to destroy.

Alia and Bes considered their options. There weren’t many. The flow of guards out of the gate had stopped: something major was going on at Belair. Two Nanopean armoured vehicles and a medical transporter turned into the street and headed down in the same direction. Alia and Bes decided they would have to move to another underground city. 
“Oh no… This is not good.” Said Alia. “We’re too late – it’s all too late!” They hurried back to the cover of the dark archways of the colosseum building. 
“What are we going to do now?” asked Bes. 
“We can check the Stirling gate… their attack might only be on Belair.” Said Alia. 
“And if it is?”
“Shane’s.” 
“It’ll be crawling with guards. They’re looking for him!” 
“We know where all the guards are.” Said Alia, turning her head toward the gate. 
“Where is Shane’s?”
“Spiral precinct building 8, top 3 floors.” Said Alia. Bes was taken aback. 
“How did you know that?” she asked.
“Ryan. Told me all about it. There’s water – apparently he’s got a heap of fibrezyme.” 
“Which is?”
“An add water food.”
“Sounds lovely… but right now I’d eat anything - I’m starving!” They both paused and thought about how long it was since they had eaten.
“Going to Shane’s…are you sure? ” said Bes
“I know. We take it very slow and blend in.”
“Let’s put our faces on.” Bes indicated the makeup and accessories she had in her backpack. She had skin glue for facial scarring and black pencil to darken all her features beyond recognition. The she used a heavy duty wax to force her hair up in to a 30 cm black halo. Alia went full facial colouring, water melon red and nasturtium green clashing with her deep chocolate eyes. She used an oil to render her wavy black hair into a slick flat helmet. 
Arriving in Shane’s precinct the women saw two guards rushing from a private transport vehicle and into the building. They dropped back, their hearts sinking as they realised it was Shane’s building. Eight towering black spirals – his was the last one on the Eastern side.
The two women walked calmly in through the front door, passing through the lobby and straight up the stairs – Nanopeans never used them. They were only up to the fourth floor when they could hear the sizzling and cracking sound of Nanopean guns. By the time they were on the ninth floor, the sound of intermittent gun fire had grown so loud that they wondered if there would be anything left of the building or anyone else. Alia opened the stairwell door slightly and saw Shane’s apartment entrance was in full view. Three guards, one crouched and two standing were looking in. The smell of laser vapour and burning Lunatex was familiar and triggered a rush of adrenalin.
Alia always had a sense of the imminence of death in such situations. She had seen people killed and knew how easily a well placed shot or even just a stray bullet could end a life, as quick as shaking hands with someone. The flesh was weak. 
Bes on the other hand seemed to lack that kind of fear. Yes she was scared of being shot but she didn’t seem to think of this as something final. She knew that being shot would make her angry and that she’d be embarrassed to have lost a fight but she didn’t think it would be “the end”.
The guards fired more rounds into Shane’s apartment. They didn’t look like they were intending to take prisoners. 
Bes had an old sawn-off pump action rifle – the Cartridges were home-made - she knew they worked. Standing with the gun poking round the corner she shot the guard standing closest to them, right between the shoulder blades. The force of the shot pushed him falling into his companion on the other side of the doorway but this colleague had little time to react. Alia fired her pistol almost at the same time but her first shot missed. The surprise element had worked so well however that she had time to fire again. This time the bullet went straight through the Nanopean’s forehead and into the wall. The third guard was now between a rock and a hard place. Although the other guards were just ahead of him - he dropped to floor, slithered forward and disappeared. 
Inside the shots continued – Bes and Alia darted through the stairwell door, across the hallway and stood with their backs against the wall, shuffling along towards the doorway. 
They both needed to be able to fire in through the doorway. Bes dived across the open doorway but shots meant for the guards collected her as she was in mid-air.
A bullet passed through her lung and broke her spine. She didn’t get up again. Alia knew better than to go to her. Instead she dropped onto her knees, elbows, kicked her legs out behind, tipped the point of pistol around the corner and fired five shots, two of which found their mark. 

Meanwhile inside, Wez and Madi were under assault and were firing from an upper level balcony, which spiralled up three times, leading to the different room inside the building. Wez had surprised himself by hitting a guard with his first shot. They had the advantage of being able to move around the wall, and pop up at different places to give fire. Although they appeared to have plenty of cover, the thick lunatex mezzanine wall wasn’t standing up to the sheer force of the Nanopean firepower. 
Wez had less combat experience than Madi. Although he had won an early hit in the fight, he was becoming increasingly paralysed with fear. His judgement and intuition faltered but he kept trying nonetheless. He forced himself to take a shot, pushing his gun over the top of the balcony wall. But his luck was running out. All he had done was alert the guards as to his exact location. He was slightly lower around the spiralling wall than Madi. She had seen the tip of his gun pop up over wall, firing haphazardly, desperately way off target. She rushed a few shots down toward the door, hoping to divert some of the attention away from Wez. She then crawled around the balcony to a point where she could see Wez. There he was, grasping his gun with both arms as if it was alive. His chest was heaving up and down. His eyes were closed and he was mumbling to himself. A bolt cracked into the top of the balcony just above Wez’s head. A hundred shards and a spray of Lunatex dust showered the whole area.
“Oi!” hissed Madi. He didn’t hear her. He was building himself up for another shot. He had to look where he was firing! He swung around and onto his knees, pushing upwards to fire a shot over the balcony but didn’t get that far. Another bolt was fired from below and passed straight through the weakened top section of the balcony, instantly killing Wez as it also passed through the top of his head.
“Wez!” Madi threw herself on her stomach towards him. He was some distance away, close enough for her to see that he was gone. Now it was she who couldn’t move. She just lay there stricken with shock, splayed out like a fallen star, her forehead on the ground. She looked up at Wez again, hoping to see a different image. But remained in that world of horror and panic. She heard movement down below – footsteps. 
“Breathe.” She thought, “Breathe.” An instinctual residue of self preservation forced her, as if on wheels, back; back around the bend and into a bedroom where she sat for a few seconds trying to reconstitute what was left of her mind. To her own surprise she was made of a harder material than she knew, getting to her feet and reappearing at the other entrance to that bedroom with a barrage of fire. 
Shane, who knew the building better than anyone, had stayed on the ground floor for the duration of the battle and had been moving from room to room. These guys were well trained and quite fearless – he knew Wez or Madi were gone: or both –then someone had started attacking the guards from behind giving him time to move down to the rec room at the end of the atrium.
 The firing had stopped. He crouched down and peered around the corner toward the front door. The guard had the rest of the room covered but maybe didn’t know all the rooms were connected. From this vantage point Shane had a three centimetre opening through which to hit him. Using his left arm as a rest, he slowly took aim and fired. 
As the sixth guard crumpled, Alia moved in on the seventh guard from the front door, flushing him out, giving Shane an almost point blank shot at him. As Shane fired he realised it was his old friend Charles, the Crafer’s Captain. Shane pushed down hard on the butt of the gun as the bolt left the barrel, sending the crackling charge just passed Charles’ left shoulder and up into the ceiling. Charles knew when to give up. He put down his gun and dropped his belt to the floor, holding his hands in front of him.
Not a person accustomed to thinking independently or laterally, Charles had accepted unquestioningly the information from the Lofty Service official Jeffery telling him that Shane Wing had betrayed Nanopea and was now fighting in league with a group of Real rebels planning a coup. There had been a great deal of talk among the guards about Shane’s disappearance from duty several days earlier and their worst fears were confirmed when the Service officer informed them further that “Shane Wing was so corrupt that he was now living in the sub world with his illegal child continuing to pursue his self interest.” Of course that made sense to everyone – he had been outed only months before. Charles was appointed commander of the team to seek and destroy Shane Wing and anyone else in his association.
“Sit here,” said Shane sliding a chair across the floor towards him. “… and don’t move.” Shane removed all of Charles’ other equipment placing it in the far corner of the room. Alia ran out to check Bes.
Shane went to the staircase and yelled down to his son.
“Ryan!” The boy was hiding in a robe on the lowest level of the apartment. A small voice called back.
“I’m here Dad.”
“I’ll come and get you when it’s safe. Stay where you are.”
Charles stood up, yelling “You’ve had your son all this time! Despite what you always said: you were so against it. You don’t deserve to be alive!” spat Charles.
Shane tried to reason with Charles and explain to him about the Service conspiracies. But, despite being beaten, Charles was too angry to listen.
Alia ran back in, breathless, her face squinting: “She’s gone… Bes’s… ” She stopped short pointing the gun at Charles. “You know this guy?” she asked Shane.
“Technically I’m his Commander…”
“On the floor hands in front!” she ordered him.
Charles got down on the floor.
“It’s OK,” said Shane. 
“You murdered my friends!” said Alia seeking immediate revenge and moving toward the kneeling Charles – her gun pointed at his head. “Was it you?” Alia knew her question was absurd but she’d been taken over by a voice from a distant place.
“It wasn’t me,” said Charles adamantly, “I was just cover for those two at the front.” He gestured with his head toward the two Nanopean bodies on the floor to the left and to the right.
Alia forced the muzzle up against his head. “It wasn’t you…” repeated Alia, trying to process the killing of her friends, the pain she was feeling, while thinking that revenge would be relief; revenge was the right thing to do; revenge was justice. Her feelings were a mix of disgust, hatred and pity not just for Charles but for herself. 
“It was him!” Madi appeared on the walkway above. Alia turned her head for an instant, seeing Madi looking down at her but was so consumed with retribution that she leaned closer over Charles.  
“Alia!” yelled Shane, moving very slowly towards her. Her face was twisting into a grimace as she started grinding the muzzle harder into Charles’ head. 
“Alia! Don’t do that. He’s our last hope for contact! With the Service! Remember?” 
A shiver, like an electric shock ran up the back of her neck. She let the gun swing away in one hand, turning her head away with eyes closed. She unconsciously placed her foot on the back of Charles’ neck.  
Shane put his arm around her and she instinctively turned and hugged him. He wrapped his other arm around her too, pulling her in close. She cried for a while, conscious of the fact that she was taking comfort in a person who had killed a friend, was the father of child she loved yet was now her ally. She looked up at his face feeling something unexpected.
She pulled away and headed up the staircase, choking and spluttering.
“Madi! You OK?” Madi was sitting next to Wez’s body.
“I’m pretty far from OK.” Said Madi staring. 
 It was a horrid scene. Alia too could only stare; the futility was overwhelming. The image burnt onto her synapses. But there was no time for grief now. Although the Nanopean communication network had been cut, there would soon be other guards. The image of Wez would appear to her thereafter with perfect clarity; the unconscious storage of trauma for some later use. 

Charles was still restrained on the floor. “Why did you do it?” he asked quietly. “Why did you betray us?” 
“There’s a lot you don’t know.” Said Shane. “The Service betrayed us – nothing is what it seems. I could prove it to you if we had the time but we don’t. Why would I make this up? Ryan provided the information. He merely read what he saw. Why would a child who knows nothing about world affairs make that up? Why would I want to believe any of that?” Shane was getting angry. “I’ve been following the dream too!” 
“You’re just trying to justify your son… to protect him! That means you must discredit the Service anyway you can!” Charles wasn’t as thick as he seemed.
Alia and Madi came back down from the upper levels. Hearing the Nanopean guard getting angry, Madi came across and stood over him. She said to Shane “If you don’t shut him up I will!”
“I’m trying to explain to him – we need him to understand.” Said Shane. Then turning to Charles he said, “The proposed space solution is a complete fraud. Space travel in this city is only open to about 10,000 Nanopeans. The rest can’t go!”
“What’s the hurry? I mean they can just keep building…” said Charles.
“The Service also neglected to let us know about the flare predicted in a few month’s time!”
Charles rested his head in his hands for a while then said: “So what do you want to do about it?”
“I need to survive and to survive I need to be reinstated.” Said Shane.
“And you expect me to…”
“Tell Service, that you killed two of the rebels and that the other two were seen going back down through the Blackwood gate presumably to pick up food and ammo. Send a group of guards after them. Tell them I captured you but let you go…”
“Oh you let me go! How big of you!” said Charles indignantly.
“You’re lucky he’s even thinking about letting you go.” Said Alia.
Shane continued “Tell them I let you go but… but that I will make contact in 24 hours with a deal.” Said Shane. Charles was shaking his head. 
“What was the latest you heard about Blackwood, Belair?” asked Shane.
“There is no Blackwood or Belair…”
Alia’s head span around to look at Charles. Madi snarled, “What!” 
“…or Stirling, Crafers, Picadilly, Summertown – they used gas. They left Greenhill out of it; I don’t know why.” There was a stunned silence. 
“Greenhill?” said Alia aghast. “Greenhill is all that’s left?”
“That was the plan,” confirmed Charles.
“We have to leave here now,” said Shane. “Alia, do you know anyone in Greenhill?” 
“Yes,” she replied.
Shane turned to Madi saying “Can you take Ryan?” He noticed the blood. There was a burn on her right side near her stomach and there was blood around her hip and thigh.
“It’s OK it stopped bleeding,” said Madi. 
Shane walked away into an adjoining room and came back with Ryan and a strip of linen he had ripped from a bed sheet. The women embraced the boy, who stood bewildered amidst the quiet sobs.
“So this is the kid who’s caused all the hoo-har…”
“Shut-up!” said Shane, nudging Charles with his foot. Shane handed the bandages to Alia.
 Suddenly Charles lifted his head, glanced off to the right and then upwards – his eyes widened and he said “the network is back on”
“Stay off it !” said Shane. “Will you do as I told you?”
“I don’t know why I should trust you again.” Said Charles.
“You have no choice,” said Alia, suddenly standing over him.
“We’ve got to go!” said Shane. “Alia, Madi and Ryan will go and stay safe in Greenhill. You,” said Shane looking at Charles, “will hide me at your apartment while we organise ourselves into a meeting, in person, with The Service.”
“Wait! Why don’t we just use him,” said Alia, indicating Charles. “The network is on, we publish everything we know – so the rest of the world can see that this whole place is one big facade?”
“They’ll be expecting to hear from me and as soon as they see what you’ve done: this place will be levelled, with us in it.” Said Charles, matter-of-factly. “Nanopeans won’t believe you anyway. They believe in doing the right thing.” 
“Yes,” said Shane, “But it’s not the right thing anymore – they have been lying to us while using us as processing units for their interstellar trip and there aren’t enough seats for us! We may not even be invited!”
“Ofcourse we will.” Said Charles.
“Then you had better find a way.”


CHAPTER 44
Greenhill Relocation

Under the guidance of his old comrade (and at gun point) Charles eventually came to accept some of the truths about “The Service” and agreed to hide Shane.
Alia, Madi and Ryan tried slipping quietly down into Stirling with the intention of then using a subterranean north-eastern road into Crafers and so on until they reached Greenhill. However it was impossible; there were Nanopean guards everywhere, gathering bodies, taking them to the bottom of the street and detonating small charges, caving in the walls and burying the deceased. The devastation was colossal. 
With the majority of city guards moving in and out of the different underground cities in a huge cleanup operation, it seemed it was going to be impossible for them to get underground at all.
Alia began to worry that the Nanopeans had destroyed Greenhill as well. Ironically the best way for them to get there, to find out, was going to be North, through the city and straight out the main gate. 
It was much too far to walk, certainly for Ryan – some 12 kilometres from Belair to Greenhill. The magnatrain took them silently north. They sat at the very back of the train trying to hide Ryan as best as they could.
Nanopeans were out and about and the three travellers pointed at the structures in the different precincts; the pyramids shone golden through the western window – a sphinx sprang up between them, then bizarrely right next door they hit Toy-Town and went under the giant Pinocchio – all red and blue, whose knee was lifted as if in mid-stride.
Madi grimaced, “Why would you build that? And secondly why would you want to live in it?”
Ryan asked her, “Don’t you like it?”
“No I don’t.” she replied. 
Mickey mouse smiled and waved; all 40 metres of him.
Madi said quietly to Alia: “Any idea where we’re going?”
“Nope.”
“Great.” Said Madi placing a hand inside her jacket as she tried to not to think how her ribs might be looking.”
“Don’t worry about it,” said Alia. “I do know someone. It’s in the fourth street.”
“Number?”
“That I don’t know. Her name’s Sylvana she’ll look after us. But we’ve got to get there first.”
“My bandage is weeping…”
“Ew.”
“Oh thanks!” said Madi.
“Don’t worry. If you can hold on – We’ll get a doctor as soon as we get in. OK?”
They passed through Africana then Australiana precincts– and all the exotic animals particular to those countries. The last precinct before the Greenhill gate featured 20 or so modernist buildings melting, leaning and swaying in all colours of the rainbow. One of the buildings was a series of white anthill-shaped structures that looked like they were made out of a pleated fabric. 
Further out to the West, in the background the three could see the classical “Ancient Orient precinct,” built using the natural colour of Lunatex, a dark green Jade. Some of Lofty Mountain’s wealthiest lived in these huge pagodas which looked out over the sea. 
Ryan hadn’t heard any of the conversation. He was agog at the architecture. “Mum look that building looks like a wave at the beach!”
“Mmmm, amazing,” said Madi. 
The train pulled in at the stop they hoped was closest to the Greenhill gate.
“Keep a look out for the space elevator,” said Alia.” It’s supposed to be just west of here.” They looked out in that direction but couldn’t see it. Many of the buildings they passed in the area were a rich ivory colour, with natural curves like weathered cliffs in a ravine.  
A guard came jogging out of a tall, white cylindrical building –its top floors looked like huge scoops of melting vanilla ice – cream. The guard made a direct bee-line for them.
“You guys have tags?”
“Well no we just came in to grab him…” said Madi.
“Well how did you get in?” 
“My son followed some workers in this morning, panicked and ran off. We came straight up about an hour ago looking for him and luckily found him.”
“You’re not supposed to be here at all! No females!” said the guard waving his arms and shaking his head.
“It’s just that he’s deaf and sometimes behaves erratically,” said Madi
“What’s deaf?” asked the guard.
“His ears don’t work,” said Madi
“Ears don’t work! What do you mean they don’t work,” said the guard. He found it hard to believe that the body could malfunction in such a major way and nothing be done about it. 
“He was born that way!” said Madi, lying through her teeth.
“Where do you live?” asked the guard. 
“Third street, in a single womens’ grow centre.” replied Alia.
“Come and visit?” said Madi shrugging.
“What number?” the guard seemed to be directing his question at Alia.
“240,” said Alia, scowling at Madi. The guard couldn’t read the facial expression.
“I’ll do that,” he said. “Hurry and I’ll let you out!” They followed him at a brisk pace, passed several very dull Nanopean military buildings and a tall lookout. The guard placed his hand up on a reflective panel next to one of the gates. There was a crack and it began to open.
“Thank you so much!” said Alia, placing her hand on his shoulder. 
“Well you’re lucky; there was hardly anyone about.”
“Thanks.” Madi gave her sweetest smile. 
“…and you’re lucky you’re from Greenhill too!” he yelled through the gate. “You’d all be dead otherwise!” 
“Charming,” said Alia under her breath as they hurried out down the pathway to the transdome.
“And you invited him round for dinner!” said Madi.
“You idiot.” Replied Alia
Ryan laughed. It was strange but he was beginning to see that Real people enjoyed being mean to each other.


CHAPTER 45
Charles Crompton

That night Charles had to swallow his pride and ‘explain’ to the Service how things had gone so terribly wrong. He was very nervous. It was Serviceman Pato who addressed him first: Do you have Wing’s body?
He escaped…there was a door that…
Jeffery: How could you let him get away?
Charles: He was not alone.
Pato: What about Bokovski - did you get her? 
Charles: She wasn’t there; she stayed underground at Blackwood with several of the other women - and no sign of the boy either. We assume they are all dead. Wing’s combat knowledge makes him a very difficult target for us. Between the three of them - they killed six of my men! He could have killed me. He let me go.
Charles thoughts were rambling; he was nervous.
Pato: Give us a minute Crompton. 
The three Service officials held a private ETP brief. The conversation was not in Real time; Crompton would have been waiting no more than 10 seconds for the following discussion to end:
Jeffery: Just how well did he know Wing? 
Charles was the new focus of Jeffery’s suspicion yet he seemed to be forever asking others for the facts. 
Magellan was looking at the statistics on his Iris. You can see as well as I can: They were never guards in the same city but pursued the same case a number of times.
Pato : They would definitely have known each other.
Magellan: Yes but there’s no evidence to suggest anything but brief working contact – no after hours ETP for example. Nothing social.
Jeffery: How then could wing have escaped from his own apartment when there were seven guards! 
Magellan: Now you know why he was one of our best. We should never have pushed him out. 
Pato: However it’s still odd that out of 7 guards, he, Charles Crompton, is the only one to have survived.
Jeffery had a solution: I’ll call an investigation.
Magellan (incredulous) But this was an investigation – he was the investigator! 
Jeffery: No it was an assassination – gone wrong. Until we have a Nanopean guard we can trust, we are extremely vulnerable.
Magellan : We need to find Wing and sound him out. We don’t have time to… 
Pato: Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
Jeffery: Yes but will he come back?
Magellan: We need to find him first. The relocation process will be a lot easier with his help. 
Pato: …and where is he going anyway? – he can’t last more than a few weeks off cycle. 
The officials brought Crompton back into the discussion.
Pato: Crompton, how well did you know Wing? 
Crompton: I knew him, obviously, everyone did. We had worked in the same areas before but he kept to himself - was a commander. Was respected – until he was caught. No one likes a hypocrite.
Jeffery: Quite… What are the chances of bringing him in?
Crompton: Not good, I don’t think… we tried to destroy him, killed his son. He’s gone for good. Nor can we track him - he won’t use the system... Unless you publicly reinstate him – he’s very proud.
Pato: Oh I don’t think…
Jeffery: Keep your friends close?
Pato : Well, yes, I see what you mean…” 
Charles sensed acquiescence and tried to control his jubilation. He wanted them to think it was their idea to reinstate Shane. He allowed formulation of his thought: Wing only ever wanted to see his son. Think about it. He threw away a century of work which took him to the apex of …. Of … 
He became self conscious and the train of thought slipped. In a moment he found it again: …he will want his old life back. He doesn’t know anything else.
Jeffery: Find him; tell him we’re very sorry.
Magellan: Yesterday we try to kill him; today we apologise. How do you think he will react?
Charles: That I don’t know. I do know he has an aversion to ETP. He’s old school – he likes to communicate in person
Pato: That’s impossible.
Magellan: Is it?
Jeffery: Just find him.


CHAPTER 46
The Elevator

Shane had been watching the treatment of the mass killing in the underworld on Nanopean news. There was no mention of killing or any depiction of death. There was footage of empty underground streets and language such as ‘necessary precautions’ being used. Nanopeans hadn’t a clue as to what was going on.
Meanwhile, to be safe, Charles had been at Crafers Gate watch-house for his meeting – he was never sure how much the Service picked up through ETP. The remainder of his crew were still cleaning up. He had instructed them to remain vigilant – subs were survivors. 

When Shane heard someone at Charles’ front door he took cover in the adjacent bathroom. Charles walked in, alone. “Shane?” he yelled.
Shane appeared behind him.
“How did it go?” he asked.
“Very well. They want reconciliation,” said Charles.
“Good tell them I want back in. But I need to meet them, in person, up there.” 
“They’ll never let you. No one’s ever met them. They don’t let people up there!” 
“But no-one’s ever done what I’ve done; I know all their secrets yet I can control what happens down here too.”  
“But they can turn you off – turn any of us off, can’t they?” asked Charles.
“They can turn off renewal, stop the hunger cycle…”
“That’s going to hurt.” said Charles
 “But that would take time…and they haven’t done that… I’m still here.” 
“Yeah I noticed – and you’re sounding pretty full of yourself, too.”
Shane reclined on Charles’ pin chair. His body weight was distributed evenly across 25 pins and they began to move - ever so slightly. It was bliss for an old Nanopean body.
“OK. What do I say?” asked Charles.
“I don’t know. Make something up.”

They waited a few days before acting – to give the impression that Shane had been difficult to find, difficult to convince. It gave him time to contact Ryan, to check he was safe and to stay in touch with Alia. He passed on a message that the Service might reinstate him. He could help them from the inside. She warned Shane to be careful.
“Y’know” said Shane, “That girl impresses me more and more.” 
“How are you finding dealing with Ryan’s mum,” asked Charles as usual managing to completely misread social cues.
“I’m not talking about Ryan’s mum. I’m talking about Alia. I think she’s great.”
“And Madi?” 
“Now that’s a different story…”
Why?” asked Charles.
“She’s clearly a psychopath – I don’t know how someone like Ryan could have been impregnated, conceived to her… by her… however it works…” said Shane. 
“You don’t like her then?”
“It’s not that I don’t like her…”
“Shame,” interrupted Charles. “You could have paired up and created a baby brother for Ryan; a little napeoid or a …”
“There’s nothing stopping you… I think you’d be good with her. You could ask all the irrelevant questions and she would quite happily answer them all. A perfect match.”
“She’s certainly a unique woman…” remarked Charles thoughtfully.
“Yeah well forget it; she’d poison you or slit your throat – she’s tough as nails. She beat me to a pulp, just quietly.”
“Really?”
“Well… from behind. And I was handcuffed. She’s certainly got a ruthless streak.”
“Yeah” said Charles dreamily, “yeah I like that…”   

A few days later, Charles contacted the Service telling them that Shane had been found hiding out, alone in the forest precinct and that, after a good deal of convincing he had agreed to a meeting, in person. The Service thanked Charles and instructed him to stay with Shane and await further instruction.
That night, just like old times, Magellan used the network to find Shane. As the attempt at contact flickered in Shane’s eye he said to Charles: “So much for the middle man. You’ve been axed!” He put his fingertips up to his eye. “It’s Magellan!”
The Service had accepted his requests: the weather was fine if he was prepared to use the elevator? 

Shane and Charles made their way to the Service Research Facility. Security was extremely tight. While it seemed that the Service wanted Shane’s help they were also being very cautious of him. Four guards accompanied them down the central laneway of the research precinct to a security checkpoint. Here, the lane was blocked off by a huge metallic looking gate with a smaller door in the middle of it, similar to the ones used around the perimeter of the city. The doorway opened and two guards waiting on the other side of the gate were looking them up and down as they stepped through. 
“OK. Captain Wing, I believe and Captain Crompton, I’m Captain Welsh. This is deputy Yang. Guns, knives, knuckledusters… please.”
Shane and Charles looked at each other briefly then started shedding weapons. Two guns each.
“Thankyou… and thankyou.” Said Welsh as two other guards took away the guns to an adjoining room.
“And Captain?” said Welsh to Shane. 
“That’s all I’ve got,” said Shane hands raised.
“Yang…” said Welsh nodding his head once, indicating that his colleague needed to examine Shane more thoroughly. Yang bent down and started frisking. 
“That’s my leg,” said Shane. “Metal thigh bone. It got mashed about… ohh, 20 odd years ago.” 
Welsh’s head quivered slightly back and forth, as his eyes moved up and down scanning Shane’s body. He stopped, looked over at Yang and waggled his forefinger up and down, again at Shane.  
Yang moved his hands over Shane’s neck, shoulders and arm then shook his head. 
“Oh…” said Shane with a chuckle. “That’s my shoulder socket: it’s amenium – the latest thing.”
“You are human right?” asked Welsh. The smile was typically Nanopean – over accentuated. “Just checking - we get all sorts coming through here that’s all.” 

The Northern tip of the Nanopean city perched on red cliffs and the sea stretched away to the West. The exit point to the elevator was through a tunnel from inside the city itself.
They walked through to a small building along the Northern wall, a large, stone stairwell took them down into an expansive basement. 
After a few seconds their eyes adjusted to the dimly lit interior of the bunker. On the far side of the room, directly in front of them was a metallic door with a small double glass window. There were a number of controls at the left of the door and further to the left of that, two guards sat in a control room. Surrounding them were double doors on three sides, leading out of the area. 
They were still flanked by the four guards.
“Its OK guys; we’re guards too.” Said Shane. 
“We know.” said one of them. 
“Relax: you’re going to be seeing a whole lot more of us.” Said Shane, trying to make friends.
“Really,” said the same guard.  
Shane moved forward and looked up through the window into the cylindrical shaft; light from the room disappeared into the emptiness. A small yellow sign with red lettering lit up reading: “DESCENT.”  A guard came out of the control room to the left and introduced himself to Shane and Charles as Smith, shaking both their hands. 
“Who is coming down?” asked Shane
“Oh no-one. The carriage lives up there that’s all – on its way down now. It is just a precaution.”
“You use it much?”
“No not really. The Lunatex pipeline has had more use than the elevator – its delivered tonnes and tonnes of that stuff down here but all moon ore delivery was suspended about six months ago.”
“Why?” asked Shane.
“They’re stockpiling it on the ships – been building ships too,” said Smith.
“Gee you know a lot,” said Charles sounding somewhat naïve.
“I see all sorts of things from here.”
Through the window Shane could see the circular carriage of the space elevator. 
“This is crazy…” said Shane excitedly. “How come I’ve never been on this before?” Shane was amazed at what had been created. All the rumour, the half truth, the talk; was coming into sharp focus. 
“Wouldn’t catch me on it.” said Smith.
“Don’t like heights?” asked Shane.
“It’s not that so much as… have you seen how much it moves around?”
“Seen it? No one even knows where it is!” shane exclaimed. “I mean I’ve been head of security in Belair for years and I thought this thing was out in the desert somewhere.”
“It can be moving up to 20 metres in strong wind…” 
“Great…” said Shane quite brightly and he meant it. The feeling was all too familiar. Nanopeans had spent a lifetime saying yes to virtual danger and consequently had no sense of fear. Plunging into extreme (if synthetic) experiences was part of the culture. The elevator guard continued: “It won’t break and you won’t know you’re moving. Cold too; gets minus 100 when you’re about 80 k’s up there.”
“What there’s no heating in this thing?” asked Charles at the top of his voice.
The guard laughed a slow chuckle, “yes there is… sorry.” It was a typical Nanopean joke where one laughed at the other’s total lack of perception.
“Seriously, the only thing that has ever caused delay are the elves and the sprites.”
“Elves.” Said Shane. 
“High altitude lightning phenomena – generally accompanying a storm down here though. So if it’s clear here; you should be clear up there.” 

The elevator was a tube, five metres in diameter. Its power derived from the space vacuum high above, very much like the siphoning of liquid. Made from high tensile, hollow carbon nanotube filaments, it had the ability to sway and bend while being anchored in space. Its photonic covering made it practically invisible; its colour fluctuated to mirror the surrounding light quality. Sometimes one could see, what looked like, two strands of fishing line extending out of sight – the edges of the elevator. Its bottom section looked like it was simply part of the skyscraper that was the Service research and storage facility. As it stretched on upwards it was effectively invisible due to the chameleon-like qualities of its walls. 
There were two separate carriages – one on top of the other. One carriage had the capacity to lift about 40 people. They could travel in tandem or separately depending on demand. Steps lead up to a small platform connected to the upper carriage.
The top of the elevator was anchored 2000 kilometres from the Earth’s surface in space to a long counterweight and this anchor point was further attached to a system of tether lines. Connected to this network but much closer was a docking station and an array of other space-craft, including lunatex’s ore distributor, 6 shuttles and the ships of the first fleet. 
“OK said Smith. “There it is. Sounds quiet but that’s because it’s behind two vacuum sealed doors – wait til you’re in there!”
The guard entered a code on the wall panel to open the outer door to the upper carriage. With some effort he lifted a lever, sealing the elevator pipeline from above. He then unscrewed a wheel. The outer door opened revealing the carriage within and another handle, inset, which opened the inward swinging hatch.
The guard extended his arm towards the elevator. “That’s it. Up you go. Enjoy gentlemen.”
Shane and Charles climbed the steps and entered. The four stony faced guards followed. The first thing they noticed was the thick, black, rubbery insulation both underfoot and around the walls. While this covering was soft the blackness of the interior produced an oppressive claustrophobic feeling which overpowered the spaciousness. It was dimly lit with a single light from above on one side. There were no windows or chairs.
When the door was shut, the outer hatch seal was pressurised with a metallic crack.
Instinctively Shane moved over and stood with his back to the wall placing both palms flat against it. Charles did something similar then they both realised that no one particular place was better to stand – it was a perfectly round space – like being sealed inside a tin can. The guards too, stood around the outer wall of the carriage saying nothing. Shane couldn’t contain his excitement. 
“You guys been on here before?” One of the guards nodded.
“What about the rest of you?” They nodded too.
“OK.” Said Shane. “You all seem a little apprehensive. Should I be worried?”
One of them shook his head. Shane looked at Charles and shook his head, mimicking the guard.

A tremendous wind sucking noise was heard as all air was lost from the colossal cylinder high above. 
This was followed by some heavy vibrations, creaking and rumbling which all then suddenly stopped. At this point the elevator carriage began to lift, silently and quickly towards space. It was a strange sensation. Both of them widened their stance to take the weight increase. It took 35 minutes for the ride to come to a sudden but soft landing. Whereupon they realised they had no weight at all. Their exclamations of surprise and awe as they struggled to maintain control were cut short by sounds similar to those at departure but in reverse. They felt the carriage being moved sideways into some kind of dock and then they regained their weight, dropping to the floor. 
The door opened onto a chamber which looked part of the elevator itself. This then opened onto an external docking tunnel that was part of a space station shuttle. The two Nanopeans were welcomed by several guards who accompanied them into a tunnel-like walkway. And there through a window came their first glimpse of the Earth.
They both stood there in silence marvelling at the spectacle. Shane had to consciously think about breathing. Charles kept rubbing the top of his head as if to check that the situation was Real. What was obvious were the 8 cables attached to the top of the elevator and running off in different directions, out of sight. This space-elevator was not on the equator and so therefore required metal tether lines, thousands of kilometres long. These had been attached to the tops of equatorial pylons. All elevators worldwide, at higher or lower latitudinal lines, were also attached to these and each other. They also served as tram-style transit for space vehicles travelling from station to elevator or ship to ship. The Earth was all tied up.
Shane saw the anchor cable connected the top of the elevator continuing off in a direction perpendicular to the Earth’s surface for as far as the eye could see. 
One of the guards reminded them that they had somewhere to be. “Gentlemen.”
“Yes…ok.” said Shane, still blinking at the window. They followed the guards down the tunnel realising that it was only a shuttle and it too was “connected” to the cable network. The interior was quite dark, except for tiny yellow lights along the floor. There waiting for them was a fifth guard.
“Have a seat,” he said.
“Where are Jeffery and co.?” asked Shane. 
“On the Sapphire – it’s only five minutes. You can see it - it’s the one closest to us.” The guard pointed through the front window and there they were: five identical space- ships. “They’re pretty much the same except on the inside: the Sapphire is full of plants and bio-med stuff. You guys will be on that.”
“Wow,” said Shane in awe. “They’re beautiful like giant black eggs! Which is the front?”
“Both.”
“Huh?”
“They’re completely reversible. That’s how they stop. The actual mortet funnel inside concentrates all the axion power - the whole funnel - the engine, is flipped 180 degrees, to stop the ship.”
“Ok. Are you on that ship?” asked Shane.
“No. I’ll be on the Jade - 2000 Nanopeans,” said the space guard. “Already 300 or so on that one.”
“What do they do?” asked Shane.
“Mining, engineering…”
“Are they Nanopeans?”
“Yes,” said the guard, “Most of them are I think…’ he added: “…some of them are quite young – they imported a pile of Sub kids from South America - Bogota, and … Santiago it was. Couldn’t speak Contro – I remember that!” he said chuckling.
“…and they’re all on the Jade?” clarified Shane.
“The one on the far end.” 
“What are the other ships called? Asked Charles
“You got The Emerald, The Dark Crystal, The Jade, The Black Pearl and yours is the Star Sapphire.”
“Why so many ships?” asked Charles.
“Apparently, that’s as big as you can go, structurally,” he said gesturing toward the Sapphire, “at the speeds we’ll be reaching.”
“What’s that?” asked Shane
“The universe has a speed limit of…” the guard scratched his head trying to recall the number.
“You can’t go much faster than …in the old language: 1,000 million kilometres per hour.”
“Hell, is that all.” said Shane. They were both on information overload. “What’s that going to do to flesh and bone?”
“Put it this way,” said the guard, “you won’t feel a thing!”
Charles, unconcerned with this enigmatic answer, continued the line of questioning. 
“Do we have any control over the ship at that speed?”
“Minimal… in the first two months we have to be a little careful as to watching where we’re going – but after that we can give it some juice because there’s no need to change course; there’s absolutely nothing out there. The only other problem will be stopping in the right place – in about four years time.”
Neither Shane nor Charles had realised they had docked.
“Here we are!” said the guard. “Enjoy your meeting!”


CHAPTER 47
The Space Station

The space station was made up of about a dozen different ports and more walkways, resulting in an expansive central area. Each Port had its own designated technical support and workshop areas and there was clearly a lot going on in these places. The central room however was comparatively quiet – a few guards sat watching an array of screens, keeping an eye on those working out in the vacuum. The Earth loomed big and blue through one set of windows. Shane tried to use his mental compass to get his bearings and realised, out here, there weren’t any.
Many of the interior walls were of a transparent material. As Shane and Charles were led down a walk way, Shane slowed almost to a stop several times, fascinated to see what was going on inside. Then looking ahead he saw that the walkway led straight to a large office, where three figures sat like members of a panel, left to right across a long, rectangular table. Their guard announced them at the door: 
“Captains Wing and Crompton,” then: “Servicemen Pato, Jeffery and Magellan.” The officials looked like men in their twenties and watched Shane and Charles make their way across the floor. “Hello.” said Shane. The three remained seated so Shane and Charles simply sat at the two chairs provided. A guard stood at the left of the table, one just outside the door and another inside the room on the far wall. The three said nothing. Several of them nodded and exchanged looks as if making some silent assessment. 
Shane started talking first, addressing the elephant in the room. “So here the three of you are, all… very different …that is very unusual.” Shane looked at Charles as if to say “Can you believe this?” They did not look Nanopean. 
Magellan replied, “We’re sorry about the loss of your son…”
Straight to the point, thought Shane who had forgotten to be in mourning.
Jeffery took over: “We had to act… as you know that group of rebels were planning wholesale sabotage…” Jeffery had an annoying trait of trying to make eye contact with everyone while he was speaking. Rather than making him look sincere (which was the intention), it just made him look more like a clown with head swinging from side to side and eyes widening as they came to each person. Many Nanopeans, especially the older ones, had developed strange facial twitches – the existence of which they seemed unaware. Jeffery had the charismatic eye-flare, especially when listening. 
Pato had a peculiar quirk of tilting his head back and allowing his mouth to gape right open as he listened to someone talk. But when he talked his head jutted forward. This he now did and added “there wasn’t enough time for us to clear the underground settlements… we couldn’t risk all this.” His arm swept in a wide arc.
Shane tried to pay attention to what Pato was saying but could only think: “That’s why they never wanted anyone to see them! They’re all different.” Jeffery had an apish look about him. His dark hair was trimmed to a bowl and he was of short and stocky build. Pato was slightly taller, with brown shoulder length hair, slightly built and bore an unfortunate smirk. His hands had a life of their own; each one in motion constantly enveloping the other. Both Service officials were dressed in brightly coloured “commander” suits – a style used in the Nanopean guard. Magellan, just as Shane expected seemed cut from a different cloth. Tall, rather terse looking, he wore an insulative, tight fitting dark space suit. 
“I know what you must be thinking…” said Magellan. “Don’t worry, we are Nanopeans. We were among the first to trial N.E.T. We donated our bodies to our friend and colleague, Sydney Popper. We had the treatment in its early form.”
“Daily blood transfusions!” said Pato grinning. 
“To business,” said Jeffery, eyeballing individually, everyone in the room. “Firstly Wing, I wanted to clarify, when you finally found the rebels: is it true they had your son?” 
“They did.” said Shane
“Rather awkward?” asked Jeffery.
“Well it was… it was at that point I was captured. That was very awkward.”
“How did they access our files?” asked Pato.
“That information, I’m afraid, has gone to the grave with Wez Carter and his associates. It seems he hacked his way into the system and with their help was able to navigate his way around the network.” 
“Clearly a genius.” Said Magellan.
“Not anymore.” Answered Shane.
“And Crompton…”
“Yes Sir,” said Charles sitting more upright.
“We must thank you for your part in all of this. We were reliant on you to make contact with Wing. Well done.”
“Thank you Sir.” said Charles.
“As you know,” continued Magellan, “we are planning an exodus requiring 300 plus elevator trips. We’ll be relying on you to ensure everything runs smoothly. It’s the culmination of many, many years of research and work. As you know, we have had to bring forward the departure date.”
“The final phase,” said Jeffery, fixing his most significant gaze, firstly on Shane, “the final phase of pioneer first fleet must be carried out with the utmost attention to security. Any form of disruption must be immediately dispatched. Wing, we appreciate your efficiency in this area. We also want you to oversee the selection of the Subs. We need only 500. You will find the selection criteria fully outlined going to your Iris: then Service, Security, Astro. To ensure the utmost safety we’re considering a mild narco-spray to calm the Subs prior to departure…”
“We don’t want any drama.” said Pato.
Magellan asked Shane, “Do you think that will be necessary?” 
Shane took a deep breath before answering. “There will be fear and panic in the sub population about what you are going to do next – naturally. I wouldn’t be spraying anything on anyone…at all…” 
“That’s the type of call we need you to make,” said Magellan “The big picture - what we do, is determined by the Guardian Council. None of us are on that council but we report to them. All 16 countries are undergoing this process. There’s a program we’re trying to…maintain – not to mention the other dead-line.”
“You mean the issue of the sun exploding again?” The three Service men found Shane’s dry sense of humour difficult to read.
Magellan was the first to catch on, “Yes, it’s going to get very hot…”
“Very quickly!” said Pato, not to be outdone.
“…for a number of reasons we need to get these ships away before then,” said Magellan.
“It’s security we need from you,” said Jeffery, “and not just the Subs. Those left behind will need strong leadership…”
“Left behind?” said Shane, looking sideways at Charles. “I… we didn’t plan on being left behind?”  
“Oh good heavens no!” said Jeffery.
“I think what he meant was that those left behind will need …monitoring…until we leave.” said Pato.
Shane paused before asking. “There won’t be a second fleet will there.” His tone was flat.
“No.” said Magellan. “The fact is we’re not 100 per cent sure…” 
“It’s an engineering issue,” said Pato.
“Indeed we will equip those remaining to continue the program …” 
Jeffery was cut short as Shane asked: “How do you think they might feel being left behind, on a planet that is about to be burned.”
“I think burned is excessive…” qualified Jeffery.
“Both the city and the underground are protected and more than prepared,” clarified Pato.
“OK” said Shane. “OK... but the Nanopeans will need your reassurance - in person.” 
Jeffery hissed loudly a large intake of air through his teeth demonstrating his discomfort and said: “It’s our job to govern....” 
“But people want to know who’s in charge. They know it’s not me…us,” said Shane, indicating himself and Charles.
“Seeing us, physically, isn’t going to bring that stability...” said Jeffery, his eyes flaring. Pato shook his head vigorously. Jeffery was floundering. “What we can do is release information that…”
“…relevant information,” added Pato.
“Yes, relevant information, which will help to allay any concerns that…”
“I’ll go down and deliver the information…” interrupted Magellan.
“No, no, no...” said Jeffery. “Too risky.”
“For who? You?” said Magellan.
“Me? The Nanopean people have no issue with me, but we don’t look like them and this is no time to be causing confusion; alarm.”
“It’s just not the right time,” echoed Pato.
No one said anything for a moment. Shane just shook his head slowly. 
It was Charles who finally spoke. “How long do we have then?” 
“Four weeks,” said Jeffery
“Actually, its three weeks and three days,” said Pato with a smirk.


CHAPTER 48
The Last Refuge

Alia, Madi and Ryan entered Greenhill transdome three. Madi and Alia had been there before but Ryan noticed it was a place quite different to those of Blackwood and Belair. The dome itself was practically the same – transparent high tensile silicon, 150 metres in diameter with solar rails radiating from the central column, top to bottom and concentrically around the whole structure. The central column, some 15 metres in diameter, descended underground, dispersing light, power and fresh air into the depths.  
The Real people of Greenhill survived in a state of shock and fear and wondered why they had lived, when so many of their friends and relations in other underground cities had not. Though they continued just as they had before, there was now, a sense of guilt associated with the business of living. 
It was into this subdued world that the three arrived, carrying the burden of their own misfortunes.
Inside the transdome, around the base, was a walkway some 10 metres wide. This area could be used for different purposes but was generally kept free from encumbrance. Broad tiered steps ran down from the outer promenade and on these were located the front doors of some of the large public houses and meeting places which were cut back into the rock. Moving in towards the centre of the dome - the place turned green. Water catchers were small leaved plants tightly contained in an outer mesh which could be fashioned into any shape. The entire plant was encapsulated in the mesh; a network of filaments capturing moisture and refeeding it to the plant but still allowing sunlight to reach the leaves. Although Greenhill was tapped into the Lofty Mountain spring, water could also be collected from the catchment tanks at the base of these plants. Greenhill, Summertown and Picadilly were the only transdomes to feature the beautiful water catchers; the other settlements had chosen mechanical means of water recycling. 
Transdome 3 had four streets and Ryan noticed the streets were bigger and the level of the ceiling was higher. Greenhill had been one of the first underground cities to be excavated so the scale of it was a little larger than the rest. A few people could be seen shopping; some drank in the bars but on the whole the place was quiet. Just about everyone stared at them as they passed. No-one said hello. 
They walked around to street 4 and began the descent to Sylvana’s house.
“How do they play helix ball here?” asked Ryan. “The roof is way too high. You’d never reach the ball once it floated up there.”
When they came to the right number Alia quickly rapped on the door-knocker and an older woman answered. She squinted at them in the underground twilight, finding it difficult to see. Alia stepped forward and offered a hand-shake. The woman reeled back in horror. “Please,” she cried in distress. “We don’t want any trouble!”
“It’s fine Mum,” came a voice from down the passage.
“Sylvana!” called Alia. They embraced and Alia introduced Madi and Ryan.
“Not from round here I see,” said the old woman. “How have they survived? I’m 50 years old; one of the eldest in Greenhill and I didn’t make it this far to be associated with the likes of you.”
“Mum don’t be so rude! Alia is an old friend of mine – they’re lucky to have escaped.”
“Who’s the odd looking child?” continued Sylvana’s mother.
“He’s not odd looking – he’s my son and his name is Ryan. Ryan be polite and say hello to the old bag…”
“Madi! Don’t make it worse!” said Alia through clenched teeth.
Sylvana smiled, “don’t worry she’s deaf anyway…”
“I’m Sorry,” said Madi regaining her manners. “Ryan say hello to …” Madi mouthed the words slowly to Sylvana’s mother: “does the charming lady have a name?”
Ryan said, “She’s scared the Nanopean guards will come and take her away.”
Sylvana looked from Alia to Madi and back again then asked, “Where did that come from?” 
“He does that a lot.” said Madi. “A little skill he learned, from his dad.”
“Right,” said Sylvana, slowly nodding “…his dad the one who’s a….”
“Ahh yeah.” said Alia, interrupting. “We have a lot to talk about.”   
They adjourned to a spacious kitchen area where Sylvana pulled out a smorgasbord of pickled and preserved snacks and dried biscuits. The two ate and drank ravenously.
Sylvana’s mother again was thinking aloud: “What’s wrong with the boy? Not hungry boy?” Ryan looked at Madi for guidance. She shrugged. Alia helped. “Ryan has been brought up a Nanopean. He can, but doesn’t need to eat or drink.”
“Hot rocks in Hades!” exclaimed the old woman. “Why have you taken him? We can’t have the likes of him here. Take him back!” 
“Here you go Ryan,” said Sylvana offering him some food.
“Thanks, I’m not hungry right now.”
“OK what about our home grown orange juice – it’s really sweet.” She poured him a glass. Ryan looked at Madi. “It’s nice!” she said.
He took a sip. The old lady seemed to have forgotten all about him and seemed to be staring at Alia. “She’s very tall,” said the old lady, nodding her head in Alia’s direction. “Sylvie!”
“Yes Mum.”
“She’s very tall isn’t she?”
“She’s very tall mum yes.” Then the old lady screamed pointing to Madi, “She’s covered in blood, Sylvie, look, she’s bleeding!” 
“It’s just a scratch,” said Madi. “I fell over…” Madi kept eating.
“Mum calm down,” said Sylvana
Alia spoke to Sylvana: “We found a whole lot of information about the Nanopean Peoples’ Service. The only reason this place wasn’t destroyed with the others, I think, is because they want… slaves. And it’s close to the elevator.” 
“Really? What elevator?” asked Sylvana and simultaneously her mother exclaimed: 
“How dare you! Slaves. We will do no such thing!” 
“I agree!” said Alia and then to Sylvana: “Ok look I’m sorry we seem to be touching nerves here. We can easily find somewhere else…” 
“No you’re staying here. Don’t worry about her. She survived the gas back in the 60’s – fried her brain a bit. She’ll be fine once she gets used to you.”
The old lady hadn’t finished: “Where are they all staying?”
“Here with us mum.”
“Over my dead body.”
“That can be arranged,” Sylvana smiled again. “You guys have got a big room at the bottom of the hallway. Go and relax, get cleaned up. Madi I’m coming down to fix you up.”
“You’re a doctor?”
“I’m trained as a nurse so pretty much.”  

As Ryan and Madi rested, Alia and Sylvana had a chance to talk.
 “So no-one survived?” asked Sylvana, pouring Alia a large glass of clear spirit. “Water?”
Alia took a gulp of the liquid, then exhaled, wide eyed. “What flavour water is that?”
“Vodka. It’s an old recipe. Does Madi drink?” asked Sylvana.
“I believe so.”
Sylvana took a glass into her. She was lying back resting her ribs watching some pirated recording of a Nanopean documentary about the Tokyo Nanopeans.
“Thanks!” Said Madi 
Sylvana came back in with the glass, refilled it and said, “She inhaled that – I’ll be right back.” 
As she returned, Alia continued: “So yeah, I’m not sure how they did it so fuckin’ quietly… but they pretty much got everyone – gas. Stirling, Crafers, the whole lot…and…” Alia put her head in her hands, “… it was our, my fault. Forced them to act…”
“Hang on. You’re trying to save peoples’ children and fight back against years of…oppression – you’re a hero.”
“I’m an idiot. Hardly any of the children came back and now this is it! Greenhill’s all that’s left.” Sylvana refilled both glasses.
“And,” continued Alia, “I can’t seem to cry. I wish I could cry. But I can’t seem to let go it’s all just sitting here!” she gestured, putting all her fingertips on her right hand together and tapping her forehead. 

“Ohhh…” Sylvana exhaled loudly, “well I’m glad you made it – we need you more than ever…  where were you guys when it happened?”
“Nanopea – that’s the only reason we’re here.”
“Everyone’s so scared that we’re next,” said Sylvana. “People are too scared to even leave home. We can’t hit back? Can we?”
Alia explained some of the bigger picture and the deceptions being played on the Nanopeans.
“Now we have a decision to make. Either we say nothing and possibly get a ticket out of here, or we talk.”
“Tell the truth?”
“Yes.”
“What’s so bad about the truth?” asked Sylvana. 
“The threat of the telling the truth is why everyone from Piccadilly to Blackwood is now dead. If we do it again they might kill the rest of us,” said Alia.
“But why is the Service so scared of it?”
“Put it this way: in a best case scenario they’re only taking 500 Real people and only 10,000 Nanopeans from the entire local population. There is no second voyage. There will be no second voyage. The Service is planning on leaving most people behind.”
Sylvana was silent as she thought about the implications.
“How can we even tell anyone about this?” asked Sylvana.
“That’s true. The Service just shut down the system…”
“And no-body down here wants any trouble.”
“There must be some people down here who still want to fight back?” asked Alia.
“There were but not now. Not after everything that’s happened. People are just exhausted.”
It was Alia’s turn to be speechless.
“What does Shane, the guard think?” asked Sylvana
“He wants to talk,” said Alia.
“Y’know everything I’ve heard about the guy makes me think he’s a total A-hole – but I actually think I agree with him.”
Alia’s jaw dropped a little. She had known Sylvana for as long as anyone and had a deep respect for her. She was plain looking woman though there was a relaxed intelligence about her, which manifested itself in a beautiful, casual humour. Things were always better with Sylvana around.
Sylvana continued: “Alia you’re an amazing woman but…”
“I’m an amazing woman… but!” Alia teased her.
Sylvana laughed. “Let me finish! You’re an amazing woman but, you can’t decide on behalf of the human race what should happen next!”
“Really? Why not?” they both smiled and sat staring at each other for a second.
“Shane’s right,” said Sylvana. “Release the information.”

Later that night Ryan got up out of bed. “Mum’s still asleep,” he said to the two women who were still talking.
“It’s the middle of the night –you should be too. What’s up?” Asked Alia.
“I spoke to dad.” 
Sylvana frowned. “Is that safe?” 
“Sort of,” said Alia “How’s your dad? Where is he?”
“He says hello. He’s still with Charles. The Service gave his job back. Says he can look after us now. 


CHAPTER 49
Planet Remus

After consultation with Nanopean states in the east of Australia and particularly after finding out what had recently happened to officials in the Nanopean state of Laos, Service officials realised that it was time to release some information to the people.
The Service officials couched the first space trip in terms of being the “pioneer voyage” which would be followed by five subsequent voyages.
It was at around this time that the previously low profile Service officials began acting more like politicians than ever before. Speeches were written and where previously, bureaucrats had organised digital delivery of information, now due to the urgency and gravity of the situation, the three officials themselves were forced to make their voices heard. Nanopeans had no idea who or how many officials there were or what role they played. Inadvertently, ETP had proven to be a wonderful tool of governance because it created this sense of accord. There were very few demands on the Nanopean population but when there were, all individuals received the imperative via a telepathic message and the majority always felt they could see the legitimacy of what they were asked to do. 
The voices of Jeffery, Pato and Magellan were finally heard yet they did not quite step out of the darkness, managing to stay hidden, physically, behind the veil of ETP.

Jeffery delivered the opening address to the people: Tonight, if you could see through our city roof, you would see the brightest star in the sky. Sirius, a binary star system. Planet Remus - our destiny, orbits this star.
Pato took over: There were thousands of potential candidates in our stellar neighbourhood. But what swayed us was that this planet has a twin brother. So in effect we get two planets for the price of one! 
Jeffery knew that care had to be taken with the telepathic performance. Emotion, genuineness and a sense of truth were perceptible during ETP. He cringed at Pato’s cheap joke.
Jeffery continued: These twin planets orbit Sirius, a sun larger in size than our own, at a distance of not even two 2 astro-units, maintaining a perfect temperature for human habitation. 
Magellan’s attempted to explain the bizarre phenomenon of the planets: It is possible that these twin planets were a single planet, but that billions of years ago, an asteroid split it in half. From the debris, two planets were formed, and miraculously all elements were separated in equal portions. We know that these planets have the perfect atmosphere: plenty of oxygen, plant life and methanogenesis, indicating the presence of other microbial life forms too.
Jeffery spoke again: “We enter a time of some uncertainty. But as Nanopeans we have always embraced change and taken the risks required to pursue a better lifestyle. Evolution. This is what we Nanopeans do. Ofcourse there are risks of staying behind and there are risks in leaving. Pioneer travellers will bear the substantial burden of all initial building on our new planet. A good proportion of this first fleet have been chosen on grounds of suitability in performing this labour.  Other positions have been awarded to those who have been contributing to the exploration fund as well as those who have for many years been members of GREAT. (Guaranteed Real EstAte Trust) This finance has provided us with the necessary surveillance and engineering and will in turn guarantee those philanthropists their very own property from the moment of touchdown on the new planet. Jeffery paused allowing these ideas to settle, then continued: 
The first fleet will be comprised of some 5 ships each carrying several thousand Nanopeans and further building and maintenance will be provided by a small number of Greenhill workers. Remember the goal for us all is freedom. The freedom to walk where we chose in a natural world.
Pato had the job of addressing the issue of those not travelling this time around: Remaining Nanopeans can carry on as usual. The predicted sun storm is not expected to affect Nanopea. As a precaution, one or two levels under the five northern transdomes will be available for shelter should temperatures soar beyond recommended levels.
Jeffery concluded: All craft in the second fleet will be in the protected zone for the CME incident and the next journey is scheduled for departure in exactly 5 months from now. Thank you for your attention. Top 20 questions will be answered in an ETP posting tomorrow evening.
Maximillian Jeffery. Edmund Pato. Matt Magellan.”

That night, after the address, the Nanopeans came out into the night, brightly lit by a nearly full-moon, to marvel at Sirius their new home. It was ofcourse, impossibly cold and Nanopeans were about to scurry back in through the respective city gates when word spread through the crowd that there was a series of tiny black spots crawling across the surface of the moon. “Mining tanks,” someone suggested. “Yes,” it was agreed, they were “giant Lunatex vehicles!” But then, the spots could be seen continuing, over the sharp silver edge of the moon, right across out into the dark night sky – they were darker than the milky way backdrop. The space ships Emerald, Opal, Jade, Sapphire and Pearl. The fleet was waiting, docked at the top of the elevator. 
Nanopeans returned to their homes that night and for the first time in many years, very few of them immediately followed their usual amusements. There was pause for reflection. Something had happened. Should they be worried? A flurry of electrotelepathic communication across Nanopea gave rise to a number of uncomfortable problems and questions which were soon resolved and answered. 
Some of them would leave and the others would follow, later. The most sedentary people in history were finally going somewhere. 


CHAPTER 50
Shane’s List

Shane was to oversee the implementation of the first fleet project – the selection of the 500 Subs and their relocation to space. The Service had already notified the 9000 Nanopeans travelling and the ships on which they would be travelling. There was no uprising. There was no rebellion. Nanopeans believed what they were told – in fact many seemed relieved not to be taking the voyage – happy to take their chances on Earth and wait for the next exodus. 
Alia had tried again to publish information to the network but not wanting to put Sylvana and her family at risk, their options were limited. Nothing worked. All writable and post areas on the network were closed. 
In the end it was Sylvana’s idea: to print flyers and drop throughout Nanopea. They simply read:
THERE WILL BE NO SECOND VOYAGE TO REMUS;
THE NEXT SUN FLARE WILL BE STRONGER THAN FIRST.
DEMAND THE TRUTH BEFORE IT’S TOO LATE.

The messages were so ineffective that the Service didn’t even bother looking for the perpetrators. An ETP news release stated that individuals in the Real world had made another attempt at sabotage, reporting that a selfish few were attempting to stop progress, again.
There was such an air of excitement across Nanopea that the incident went largely unnoticed and at that point Alia realised that the best option was going to be making sure that remaining Real people were as well prepared for the future as they could be.
Although the research had seemed conclusive, that that the approaching second solar flare was due in two months (60 years after the first one) and the next, would be in 10 years time, it was possible that these predictions were wrong. The dates were not the issue – it was the radiation severity. Even still, she thought, life had continued underground despite people saying over one hundred years ago that the human race would never recover. It did recover. Maybe it would again.
Shane, Charles and the Greenhill Nanopean Captain had the brief to select Subs who were young and capable of hard work. There were to be an equal number of male and female and a strong contingent of children. This could include Ryan. Over the following week the three of them produced the list of 500. The remaining people were being left without a choice to whatever fate the sun held for them. 


CHAPTER 51
The Mortet Funnel

Discovering “dark matter” in the universe was like discovering the existence of “air” on Earth.
The expression, ‘dark matter’ was found to be too general a term and was not used after midway through the 21 century. Although hugely abundant in space, on Earth it ebbed and flowed through the atmosphere like some kind of invisible tidal river. It didn’t react with light, magnetism or electricity or other known atomic forces but eventually, with the discovery of the metal Amenium, useful parts of it were extracted and contained. 
Dark matter was found to be made up of a number of different elements, one of which was axion. A scientist called James Mortet discovered a way of extracting it from the air. The spinning of an Amenium funnel was found to create a high-powered vortex of dark matter. Mega-compression was achieved when the diameter of the funnel was decreased and flipped. This implosion created axion matter and when this material began to spiral it gave rise to mortific energy, a force equal in strength to nuclear fission. Any object sucked into the mortet funnel would be nullified into a collection of vaporised elements. 
In terms of temperament, Axion was like its parent material: dark black. It was the god of destruction in a jar. One scientist, getting too close, lost an arm to a mortet funnel. His hand simply started to disappear and the effect began to spread. A desperate colleague amputated the arm at the shoulder to save the rest of his body from being turned into star dust.
When the a technique for holding and transporting axion matter was perfected, engineers found a way of jamming it into the ship’s hull; insulating those inside from the ravages of time and space. Many early attempts at high speed travel had ended with disturbing results such as temporal schisms between body and mind and or body and body. A vortex of mortific energy was monstrous however when contained correctly in the walls of a space-ship, it offered high speed protection, displacing meteoroids and other previously hazardous space flotsam, like a force field.
The American designed ships hanging 150 kilometres above the Nanopean city were capable of reaching Light Speed. This meant a 3 year journey to reach the planets in the vicinity of the Sirius or Alpha Centauri Star systems. 
Through telesync the local universe had been mapped to a point where it was now safe to fly through massive sectors it at extremely high speeds. The wider neighbourhood was made up mainly of voids; huge expanses of nothing. This was the general norm. Occasionally there might be a large flat sheet of stars, in one area, or a filament of galaxies in another. Like a swimming pool with a few sheets of lasagne floating in it and some noodles thrown in. And that swimming pool was getting bigger.
The trip to Sirius was far less involved. The binary star system was a near neighbour. The initial part of the journey would be slow but after three months, full velocity would be attainable. Powered by a vortex of axion matter, harnessed from space itself, there was no need to carry a great deal of fuel for the trip.

The Nanopeans as predicted did not protest the departure of 9000 of its citizens. The remaining population were resigned to dealing with the next CME then continuing as normal until such time as the second fleet was ready for departure. The Real people on the other hand were less accepting of the situation. As the last 50 were being escorted up into the transdome, a group of mainly men appeared at the top of the second street – they were armed with all manner of weapons and stood menacingly as if they intended to intercept the last groups of pioneers.
As it turned out the “gang” were merely standing by to make sure the Nanopeans were actually leaving and another group of “armed Greenhill residents” appeared at the top of transdome 1 to make sure that no surprises were being left behind.
The whole fleet was evacuated in less than 24 hours. 


CHAPTER  52
The Eridani Void

In Nanopea, the ten per cent of the population who were about to board the vessels of the first fleet, felt trepidation, excitement and in some cases Real anxiety.
The rest said surprisingly little about the matter. Greater disruption was caused by temporarily closing sections of the network. Once again, electrotelepathy tended to moderate radical views. Despite a hundred years of segregation, although there had been plenty of talk about it, not one free-thinking Nanopean radical had emerged with the wherewithal to reconcile the Subs situation. Anyone with an original thought was self mediated back into the flock.
The hype surrounding the voyage was also diminished by recollections of previous forays into the solar system. While interplanetary successes had been steady, the failures had not been forgotten. A large Nanopean contingent had lived and worked on the moon processing Luna ore and operating a galactic observatory. However, a series of widely publicised accidents made it a ‘Subs only’ working environment. 
Mars had also endured its share of catastrophes. Nanopean settler programs were suspended when hundreds of lives were lost due to the atmospheric corrosion and oxidisation of health and safety equipment. Service international were forced to use Sub labour with robotronic guidance to continue the extraction of highly valuable amenium, titanium and daritode crystals – resources fundamental to engineering the modern space-ship.
A voyage to Saturn departed Las Vegas space station in 2180 and was only days away from its destination when it vanished. A rescue mission lead by a captain later known as “Steve 23” had five crew members. Not quite making it to Saturn, his ship famously crash landed on the moon, Europa. “Steve” was the only survivor. His ingenuity had seen him devise a way to repair his ship. But modern Nanopeans were not interested in this kind of thrill seeking.
The Eridani constellation, however, was thought to be a safe bet – it was close and situated right next to the biggest empty space in the known universe – the Eridani void. This was good because at that time light speed navigational control was still in a “developmental phase”. Crashing into things wouldn’t be a problem out there. However, with the razzle-dazzle of high speed travel and wow factor of time warping, the captain managed to misplace the constellation. The void turned out to be very big indeed and they found themselves horribly lost. Prior to the days of the mortet funnel and axion harvesting, fuel was carried on board. Fearing they would run out, the captain decided to turn back in the direction of where he thought home might be. To save on fuel they reduced flying speed, increasing the duration of the trip by 5 years – for which they had insufficient supplies. Using an IV micro pulse solution, which simultaneously cooled, enlarged and flushed arterioles and capillaries, they self induced a state of torpor. 
Years later, by some miracle they were spotted by a Martian mining frigate, drifting slowly, totally off-course and dangerously close to Jupiter. They were boarded, woken up and later, very embarrassed. 
Lofty Mountain Nanopeans had become quite oblivious to their extra-terrestrial links. They knew there was a world of activity going on hundreds of miles above them but mining on other planets and interstellar travel had traditionally been taken on by Nanopeans and Service officials from other places: Tokyo, Santiago, Beijing and Las Vegas. This was where the important things happened. That was about to change. 
Nanopeans were allowed two bags each – two bags to carry a life from one planet to another. For them, life on board the ship was largely the same as it had been on Earth. ETP, drugs and games and a relatively new form of entertainment: the story telling plug in, which operated on a trial and error basis. This program was able to closely observe brain activity during the telling of an ETP story. Whether it was a genetically pre-disposed reaction to certain story types or that certain story types “spoke” to players as a result of their ancient experiences – was not known. The program assessed the Nanopean’s cumulative intellectual absorption and drew from thousands of age-old narratives. The program could utilise tried and true stylistic and technical combinations: folk tale, stream of consciousness, analect, character based, metaphorical, allegorical, crime, journal, descriptive; each time the story was different; but each time it became more appealing. It was delivered via ETP, you heard the words; nothing else. What it did to the brain in the long term was not known – but it was proving to be one of the most successful pieces of software ever designed. 
This is what many of the Nanopeans were doing as they settled into the star Sapphire. The ironic thing was that as many of them were enjoying this peak experience there was another one going on around them. The wonder of space. But as Nanopeans filtered up and on board the spaceships they observed very little of their surroundings, Earthly pursuits accompanying them, occupying their minds like the very clothes on their backs. 
And although they were due to move into a new epoch, a new world with the Subterraneans, attitudes toward them hadn’t changed. Hatred still pervaded the Nanopean philosophy.
Historically humans were able to see themselves as part of an ecosystem; as one of many creatures sharing a world. People had been surrounded by animals and able to observe them: cats being cats and dogs being dogs. Human beings had always been self absorbed but in ancient times they had the benefit of being able to see a different point of view: what does the cat see? How does the child feel? Is the dog happy? Nanopeans however spent a considerable period of time observing and referring to only themselves. And while this produced a certain intensity, for growth, it was not enough; the human brain required refraction, satire and absurdity. 
Traditionally many perspectives had been better than none, but the modern Nanopean lost sight of this; the differences embodied in the Subs were seen as wilful perversions and continued to be a source of alienation.


CHAPTER 53
On Board the Star Sapphire

Most of the room on the ships was taken up with living and entertainment areas, software machinery and engineering hardware. Each ship had a bio-science section full of equipment and a load of DNA micro stock containing over 2,000,000 different species of Earth life-forms. Biodiversity had not been a tenet of Nanopea but the Service could not be sure what they might need in the new world. Like Noah on the ark, they carried a huge genome supply as a lunch box or a first aid kit – jam packed with DNA.
The Star Sapphire was different – it also had growing plots, a protein room, water and air recycling units, as well as 1000 Nanopeans and 500 Real people. Culturing areas also produced slabs of fish, beef and chicken – surf and turf in a test tube. 
The Subs and the Nanopeans lived in separate areas of the ship. Both groups firmly believing that cohabitation would be impossible. 
The Subs were kept in cells of six, eight or ten. The majority of the Nanopean rooms were doubles located at the front two thirds of the ship. 
The sixth and most outer level, both bow and stern featured viewing and leisure areas. The Service had restricted command areas on this level at both bow and stern. Levels five, four, three and two were all mainly living areas with level one being used almost entirely for growing.   
People were able to walk around quite normally because the Mortet funnel, the engine, created its own gravitational pull towards the central core.
The ships interior was characterised by hard, dark Lunatex softened by curvaceous angles and fixtures. Designers had countered the gothic building material with exemplary lighting. Nanopeans had taken lighting to a whole new level. The ship was no exception. Lighting could energise a work area, foster somnolence in another, boost plant growth in a garden, create a little piece of Tropicana or while maintaining epidermal health and vitamin levels.
The Children had grown very social and independent and were responsible for a number of smaller gardens. Today they were harvesting of a spinach plot. Parents never knew where they were. In this regard the Nanopeans had created a rod for their own back; a good deal of time was spent by guards attempting to manage the behaviour of children. 
Sylvana had taken Ryan out to meet some children from Greenhill. Alia and Madi stayed behind to rest.
 “I can’t stop feeling guilty for what we left behind.” Said Alia.
“You have guilt…I have hate issues,” Said Madi.
“Don’t worry so do I,” said Alia.
“It’s the way they leer at you... If they’re so much better than us why do they find us attractive?” 
“It’s simple - they don’t like you, they just want to have sex with you.”
“So romantic,” said Madi
“Mmmm,” agreed Alia. “Its ‘the Service’ officials I want to meet – I would literally…”
“Rip their heads off and shit down their necks?” said Madi jokingly.
“…not specifically their necks no…” said Alia smiling, then added: “just be careful… about what you say, there are …” 
“Yeah, yeah…”
Alia spoke softly: “Slowly, slowly. We’re going to reclaim what is owed us – reclaim for those who couldn’t be here…” said Alia.
“…if you want to do that you won’t be here either; they’ll simply have you sucked out into the vacuum of space. Forget about it.” said Madi.
“We’re on this ship for a while. Jeffery and the others are on this ship for a while… eventually it’ll happen. I do not want the next generation of children to live like slaves.”
“We’re way outnumbered…”
“We have Shane, Charles... Ryan. We’ll find a way. Assuming Shane’s still with us…” Wondered Alia.
“Ofcourse he is. He hasn’t forgotten what they did to him and Ryan. He knows Ryan’s more Real than ever. Did you tell him?” asked Madi.
“About his eating? I did… and Sylvana got him eating all sorts of things. He’s eating regularly now and using the hunger cycle as well right?” said Alia.
“He can find his way around the network and knows which areas to avoid; where he can see them standing around or hear snippets of conversations.”
“What do they talk about?” asked Sylvana.
“He said he doesn’t know,” answered Madi.
“Could he find a map of the ship,” suggested Alia. 
“It’s too dangerous for him now. If anything like that needs to be done it should be us.”
Sylvana came in and asked what they were talking about. “So it’s true,” she said. “Ryan is both. Like a … hybrid.”
“Yeah but don’t say it like that! He’s not a biology project!” snapped Madi.
“Sorry.” said Sylvana
“He’s an amazing kid,” said Alia diplomatically. “He’s merged two worlds.”  
“Do you think there are others?” asked Sylvana. 
“No.” said Alia. “I think he’s the only one.”


CHAPTER 54
Ryan and Kristina

Among the Subs, it wasn’t long before routines were established and people were getting to know each other. Being from Greenhill, many of them already did, though there were a few who had been in Greenhill with friends or relatives when the rest of the Real settlements were destroyed.
Ryan had become much better at relating to other children – prior to understanding their gestures and facial expressions, he had been relying on his ability to hear thoughts. Humans love an attentive listener and this combined with his learned ability of observation and perception was making him a standout member of the group. Ryan was soon noticed by someone he’d met during his first visit to the underworld. 
Kristina had been staying with a friend’s family in Greenhill when the six underground towns were destroyed and once again in her life she found herself without a family, cut off from the people she loved. Now there was someone who had known her home with Ginny and Ben. The sensitive boy with an odd manner, who had a strange knack of seeing into her mind. 
She waited a few days before approaching him. He on the other hand, hadn’t noticed Kristina being there. One of his characteristics was that he seemed to focus on those in his immediate vicinity, as if he had no peripheral vision.. He seemed to drink people in; observing them, his eyes wandering inappropriately all over their faces, settling on whatever stood out. 
She remembered what he had felt like to talk to – his questioning had seemed to pre-empt her own story then a follow up question would then take her somewhere emotionally, uncertain. Most conversations were about things that didn’t matter; people just wanted to take comfort in the sound of another voice. She remembered that those children at Ben and Ginny’s who talked a lot were the popular ones because it made the others feel safe – if someone was speaking you knew what they were thinking. The quiet ones always seemed as if they were up to something.
Kristina had enjoyed talking to Ryan because even though he was younger, the conversation always seemed to go somewhere interesting even though his forthright manner sometimes made her squirm. 
In several months he seemed to have changed so much. He looked mostly the same: wavy dark brown hair, although his eyes looked browner and his skin looked tanned - tinged with the Nanopean shadowing. It was as if he had been spending time in the sun – which ofcourse was impossible. The difference was more in his mannerisms. She noted they were more regular. He seemed to have grown in confidence, joking around with some of the other teenagers in the garden – he seemed to know them all. Ryan hadn’t yet noticed her. Would he remember? Ryan and the other children had been trimming back unwanted leaves from a three tiered spinach crop. They had stopped working and were just chatting. Ryan saw an image of himself, being watched, looked up and saw her.
“Kristina?”
“Ryan?” she feigned a double take.
“Wow! Where have you been? I haven’t seen you.” The others turned to look at the newcomer.
“I’m in F garden. They sent me here to help you guys today. ”
“That’s great.” Said Ryan conscious of his staring friends, “these are people I met just before we left – friends of my mum’s friend – if that makes sense.” He did his best to introduce all seven of them.
“Oh yeah! Your mum. How is that going?”
“Good,” and as he started answering the question, he knew what she was really thinking: I wish mum was here. Increasingly, Ryan noticed that in some conversations, he kept hearing the other person’s voice even when he was talking. His natural tendency was to reply to what he had heard but that was often inappropriate. He wanted to talk to his Dad about it. 
“We were lucky to get on…” said Ryan. Two blurred shapes of guards came in. There were no doors in these areas, just climate corridors and tunnels which were built utilising natural pressure and temperature differences to maintain the climate of a particular space. These curved corridors and tunnels were largely transparent so someone using the walkway was visible. 
Ryan said, “...come to S2-46 – easy to remember….after dinner; get out of your cabin for a while.” 
“OK S2-46.” She smiled. “Thanks.”
Three Nanopean guards walked in. Shane was one of them. Ryan said quietly to her: “See you.”
 
The children were instructed to have 20 bales of spinach cut within the hour. As they started cutting and bundling, there was a silent conversation. Ryan wanted his father to know how the food was helping him to learn, to grow and to gain strength.
Shane: The hunger cycle?
Ryan: I’m doing both – you should too!
Shane: I can’t be seen, eating.
Ryan: I’ll bring some up to your room.
Shane: You mustn’t come up there.
Ryan: Come to S2-46, we have food in there.
Shane: Your mother?
Ryan: She’s fine with you. She’s often out. 


CHAPTER 55
Strange Fascination

On board the star Sapphire, the Subs worked in 5 hour shifts. Sleeping was a double interval and work, just a 5 hour segment of the roster. Recreation was also 5 hours. 
Later, after that work segment, Ryan returned to his cabin which he shared with Alia Sylvana and his mum. The latter two were both out and Ryan had been explaining the problem of telepathy to Alia when Shane came to the door.
“Shall I leave?” She asked.
“No it’s better if you stay.” said Shane
“OK,” she said with slightly pensive face and a flashing smile. She continued, “Ryan was just saying, his telepathy seems to be getting stronger but getting in the way…”
“It’s not getting in the way – It doesn’t happen with adults so much…more with younger people, I listen to what they’re saying but it gives me more talk than I’m supposed to have so I sort of jump ahead in the conversation.”
“Do you find that?” Alia asked Shane.
Again Shane was struck by the intensity of her gaze. She had been smiling but her face suddenly grew serious. He suspected that her stare was no more focused than anyone else’s but that he was just attracted to her.
“Dad?”
Shane looked at his son, brightly. “What?”
“Alia doesn’t think you look like other Nanopeans.”
“What?” Said Alia taken aback, laughing. “When did I say that?
 “– she thinks you look better.” Said Ryan.
“Oh,” said Shane nervously stroking his forehead. He looked at Alia and said: 
“Thanks! For… thinking that…I think.”
Alia shook her head, laughing, denying Ryan’s claim. Ryan, Realising the awkwardness he’d caused said, “ohh… sorry…. See? I did it again.”
“I think I see what you mean.” Said Alia. 
“Yes,” said Shane, “rampant ‘foot in mouth’ and there I was thinking you were a sensitive boy.”
“What’s a rampant foot in the mouth?” asked Ryan.
Alia laughed again then said to Shane, “and you don’t have that problem?” 
“No, electronically, telepathy is not a multi-tasker – you learn to use it in a much more streamlined way.”
Alia was right about Shane: even without elaborate body augmentation, a Nanopean man or woman over time grew into their own look. In the same way that two identical twins will be different; one will carry herself differently, or develop a mannerism or interest which over time causes a slight alteration. A less active twin might develop a slower metabolism and therefore retain a fraction more weight. One had to look closely to see the difference, it but it was there. 
“Dad was going to eat. I told him how well it’s going for me.” Said Ryan.
“The other thing is: does your renewal work?” asked Shane.
“I’ve been picking it up… I can get onto the network but when the cycle ended I could tell I felt like I’d had the renewal.”
“And you’re eating as well?” asked Shane.
“…and I’ve grown!” Ryan indicated two inches of growth with thumb and forefinger.
“Compared to when I first met him - He’s looking well,” said Alia 
“You’re a wonderful colour,” said Shane to Alia. “Very Earthy. How do you get that?”
“Ohh…” Alia laughed slightly embarrassed, “my skin’s just naturally dark. It’s my Mediterranean heritage. My ancestors came from a very sunny part of the world. And you?”
“That’s a good question!” answered Shane. “From memory I had relatives that came on boats, from various parts of what they used to call Europa.”
“Europe?”
“That’s it.”
“Where in Europe?”
“You know I can’t remember…”
“Wow you guys are not big on history are you.”
“When your personal history starts to take on national proportions …”
“Well for someone so old you look OK.”
“Well thank you. For someone so young you seem remarkably wise.” 
Ryan groaned.
Shane turned slowly to Ryan and asked, “Is there a problem?”
“No…” said Ryan. “…adults are weird.”
“I’m definitely aging very rapidly,” said Alia laughing again. “I’ve had a hard life you know.”
“What’s it like, getting old?” asked Shane
Ryan groaned again, “Daaaaadd! Will you stop!” He had never seen this side to his father before. His father grinning and nodding; at somebody else! He didn’t like it.
“Enough!” said Shane to Ryan. “Go and play!” Ryan sighed loudly, then left.  
“Getting old…” Alia laughed, “with age comes Wisdom…” she nodded ironically, “but in my case; there’s the wrinkling and drying out and sagging of the skin, a certain soreness and stiffness in the bones; but so gradual and slow that you hardly notice it until you catch yourself in a reflection somewhere and think ‘who’s that old hag?’
Shane laughed. “I think you look fantastic.” Alia pretended not to hear. She continued.
“You know when you get out of bed in the morning and you look terrible, there are lines all over your face, you’re all ruffled and creased?”
“I can relate to that.” Agreed Shane.
“When you’re young, like you,” said Alia, “the lines smooth out in the shower. When you’re old, you look like that all the time and no amount of scrubbing will wash away the cracks.”
“I’m sure you look fantastic in the morning.” Shane gave himself an internal slap for saying the word fantastic again. 
“Ohh no… I hope you’re never confronted with that… I mean, well it could be OK if ….” Alia mumbled. “…you know what I mean…” 
Shane didn’t know what she meant and covered up with another serious ‘conversation’ question.
“I’ve often wondered,” he asked, “ with S… Real people…How do you live, knowing that, you might die?”
“Not might. Will!” she said. “I don’t think about it.”
Shane continued. “I mean the fact that you don’t know when it’s going to happen… you could be right in the middle of something…”
“Life usually!” Alia laughed, “It does happen…” her smile was infectious; Shane could feel himself grinning like a mad man.
“But,” he asked, “doesn’t that drive you crazy? Not knowing?”
“Like I said, people don’t dwell on it. Most of the time, death doesn’t happen to you, and when it does, it tends to be too late to worry about it.”
“You’re very philosophical.” said Shane. “But it’s something I can’t imagine: the possibility of suddenly dying…” 
“Often it’s the most natural thing in the world. And sometimes it’s not. Sometimes it’s just a …huge, huge mistake.” The world had been pretty empty since the departure of Bes, Claire and Wez. Shane studied her face. There was a darkness in her look – a sadness. He’d seen that in Mia’s eyes. Alia looked up from under her eyebrows and asked, “Don’t you get bored – with all this… time on your hands?” 
“How could I get bored with this?” Waving both hands he gestured at the surroundings of the cabin and then with one hand, at Alia. 
She inclined her head toward him slightly, acknowledging his compliment. “You’re very charming, for a geriatric.” 
“Yes, I’m old enough to be your great grandfather.”
“Ew.” She smiled.
“But the similarity ends there – I’m actually still in my prime.” He said.
“So you’re in good working order?” 
“Indeed and I have the latest ‘Bio. Ap.’ enhancer you might be interested in…”
“A what?”
“It’s a sex thing…software that interacts with the body to make it…better. I can…”
Two guards appeared at the door. “Captain, B6-10?”
Shane suddenly became formal and said to Alia: “If there are any other problems like that let me or one of these guards know immediately.” Alia nodded. There was so much more she wanted to talk about. It would have to wait.
“Goodnight,” said Shane and left with the two guards just as Kristina was arriving.
Ryan, came in from the adjoining room and noticed Kristina outside the door. 
“Shit,” said one of the guards, loud enough for everyone to hear. “They’re in and out of each others’ cells like flies!”
Shane turned and faced the guards saying pointedly: “The population of this ship depends on your behaviour - despite what you may feel: treat Subs with respect at all times or you will suffer eviction. We cannot afford a rebellion.”
“Yes captain.” The guard looked suitably admonished, bowing his head.
“If you hear or see anyone not doing this I want to know.” Said Shane.
“We will captain.” Shane turned and walked off followed by the other two.
Kristina looked sheepish as she knocked on the open door.
“Is everything OK?” she asked looking in the direction of the guards heading off down the tunnel.
“Hello, I’m Alia!” Said the older woman extending her hand.
“I’m Kristina…I know Ryan from Ginny and Ben’s.”
“Remember them?” said Ryan.
“Ofcourse.” Said Alia.
“Sit down Kristina! Lovely to have a visitor, isn’t it Ryan?” said Alia.
“I don’t think Ryan knew who I was.”Said Kristina.
“I did but I didn’t know you were here.”
 “I’ll let you two catch up.” Said Alia, leaving. 

“Who is that woman?” Asked Kristina.
Alia is a friend of my mum’s – she sort of... they’ve known each other a long time. So how did you get on board?”asked Ryan
“I got on with the family of a girl I knew from my street in Blackwood.” Said Kristina. “It was awful my friend’s dad came back from work that day and said that there’d been a disaster in the southern townships…he said I would have to stay in Greenhill for a few more days until things settled down. I never went back. I never found out exactly why but… the Nanopeans let off some kind of poison. Ben, Ginny, everyone died! Can you believe that?”
“I know. It’s true.” Said Ryan.
“And they’re still in charge. I hate them all – if I had a gun…” she said. 
Kristina had forgotten who Ryan’s father was.
Ryan asked her: “The people you’re with; are they nice?” 
“They’re OK…” she said despondently. “Ohh, listen to me. They saved my life! Without them I wouldn’t be here.”
“How were Ben and Ginny when you left?” asked Ryan
“Same as always – trying to help everyone out… I can’t believe they’re gone. I miss them.”
“Well you just found more friends,” said Ryan brightly. “You can come here when you get lonely.”
“Thanks,” she said and although she really meant it, her face had grown serious. Ryan knew what she wanted to talk about. He waited for her to speak.
“I realised why I found you so weird to talk to…” she said.
“Why?”
“You do that Nanopean telepathy thing. Don’t you?”
“Oh not really, I’m pretty bad at it.” said Ryan.
“No I could tell when we spoke; you could see things that I wanted to say.”
“Don t tell anyone,” said Ryan, “I could get into trouble if they found out – they don’t know I’m the same kid from Blackwood – my dad’s on board…”
“Your Dad…the Nanopean?”
“Yeah he’s a guard –you probably know him.”
“…and I said I hate them all, sorry,” said Kristina
“That’s OK. If it wasn’t for him no-one in this cabin, including me, would even be here.”
“So he taught you telepathy?”
Ryan explained if you were actually there with someone their thoughts were easy to find. Initially proximity seemed to matter and in the future you would nearly always be able to find them again, even at a distance. But if you had never heard that person before and there were other people around, there were intersecting strands of language, like a maze. Finding one person’s thoughts was like finding a clear pathway through that maze. 
Ryan could hear Kristina’s unconscious anger – it was never far from the surface. He realised many of the Real People would feel the same and what this might mean for his father.
“Don’t forget,” said Ryan, “it was the Service who killed everyone, not the Nanopeans or the guards…”
“They’re all the same,” said Kristina. Ryan looked at her wondering how she could be healed.
 “The Earth is going to be damaged again… by solar energy,” he said. “Lucky we got out.”
“I don’t feel lucky.” she replied.
“Believe me,” said Ryan. “You are!”


CHAPTER 56
The Sapphire Bar

Alia had gone to the rear bridge for a drink – Shane was very much on her mind as she wondered if he’d told the truth about his mind reading capacity. “Could he talk and use telepathy at the same time? I certainly hope not.” She thought blushing. 
Madi was at D bar, as usual, she was either doing a 5 hour work shift or a five hour booze shift. She was involved in some intense conversation with two other guys about the politics of colonisation. They were talking about the ecology of the target planet, Remus. Madi was a classic devil’s advocate, the “what if” queen. 
“What if,” she said, “microbes living on our skin proved to be like an epidemic to biota on the planet?”
“Don’t worry about the microbes – the little creatures,” said one of the guys, Pavlov. “I’d be more worried about the big ones: us!”
The other guy, Bill, agreed. “When you make an omelette you‘ve got to crack eggs.” The planet was known to have plant life but little else was widely known.
“… and in any case,” continued Bill, “it’s a bit late to start worrying about it now. I mean what’s to say there aren’t life forms right here in deep space and that we are, right now, contaminating it with our conversation or our breath?”
“Given your halitosis I wouldn’t be surprised,” said Madi.
“Isn’t she lovely?” Pav asked Bill.
“So sweet,” said Bill.
“I do my best,” said Madi smiling broadly. 
“The point is,” said Bill, “we don’t know what we don’t know. It’s both debilitating and enlightening.”
“And cliché,” cut in Madi.
“We’re on the outward path – an outward journey,” said Bill unfazed.
“You guys are completely full of it.” said Madi.
“It was the Nanopeans who started this outward journey – this assumption that the solution lies in the physical world – out there,” said Bill reflectively.
“Yeah,” agreed Pav, “traditionally we were the one’s sitting around hanging on to an outdated “Real” mode of living – assuming we already possessed all the answers…”
Madi interrupted, “…that’s what pisses me off about your argument and the Nanopeans - we weren’t hanging on – most Real People had no choice whether or not to become Nanopean! We couldn’t afford the transition and then they steamrolled us and used us as slaves or wiped us out when they wanted. …. now you guys are part of that world view. Go forward and wipe it out if it gets in your way.”
“Well it is the only way,” said Pav.
“Yeah, colonise or be colonised; choose to win or choose to lose,” answered Bill.
“There aint no choice,” said Pav.
“It’s life or death,” said Bill. The two guys seemed to have shouted Madi down. But she had to have the last word.
“That’s the trouble with you people – everything’s black or white…” 
“Well it’s hard enough making one choice!” said Bill.
“Yes,” said Pav, “It’s better than ‘here are 18 possibilities: rank them in groups of three …then act on the top 6’…”
“Yes one choice is better. We need forward momentum.” The two men continued preaching to each other. Then Bill said, “If it wasn’t for the Nanopeans we wouldn’t be here. Without those Nanopean leaders and Service Officials, telesync, N.E.T., without that stuff we’d still be on Earth. Feeling the heat!”
Madi said, “See you’re obsessed with the external world – can’t sit still and be part of, must trample…’
“You’re such a hippy…” said Pav.
“Yeah you sound like that stupid Nanopean religion; what’s it called: “One…” Bill was interrupted.
“Never heard of it.” said Pav. Bill answered:
“It’s based on some physics equation which proves that time is not linear, that it is an illusion and that the past and the future are also the here and the now...” 
“Sounds a lot like this conversation,” said Alia. She had been standing, just behind Bill. “Madi!” Alia motioned with her head toward the bar and said “drink?”
The two women moved off slightly from the two men and spoke privately. 
“Sure. What’s wrong?” asked Madi.
“Just had Shane in our room. Ryan read my mind: he blurts out, in front of his father, basically, “dad she thinks you’re hot.”
“What?” said Madi incredulous. “How? I mean why? I mean when?”
“It’s true. I don’t know… it just happened… he seemed up for it, I noticed and then Ryan noticed…” said Alia.
Madi was slightly shocked. Alia said, “you don’t feel I’m stepping on your toes do you: are you attracted to him?” 
“Oh god no…” said Madi then sighed: “my son is becoming one; and now my best friend is dating one.”
“Dating? It certainly won’t be dating. You can’t date on a space ship,” said Alia.
“Well no one normal could, no. Stop toying with the idea! Just get it over and done with then we can all move on,” said Madi.
“You like to express yourself,” said Alia smiling, “You like to express yourself most vehemently and you like to express yourself as often as possible. You like…”
“Unlike most on board this tin-can,” Madi interrupted, “I think for myself; I’m not a bloody clone!”
“Bloody clone? Don’t forget your son is a bloody clone!”
“How could I,” said Madi, despondent, “ – He’s changing the one thing we may have had in common – the way we look.” 


CHAPTER 57
Coronal Mass Ejection

Alia took some time away from the cabin to reflect on everything that had happened. It had been a while since she had been with a man. The last few months had been so hectic there simply hadn’t been the time and quality men were few and far between. She stood gazing out into the stars when the warning tone for speed travel sounded. It wasn’t altogether unpleasant; pitched rather low – it sounded a little like wind blowing across the top of the transdome. She remembered how comforting it was to hear the hostilities of the natural world from a safe place.  
Initially speed travel was only experienced in short bursts but gradually everyone became attuned to its idiosyncrasies before this form of travel was conducted more frequently and for longer periods. 
Travelling at extremely fast speeds caused objects visible through the window to for some reason, appear blue and all bunched up in front of them. Objects, people and things on and outside the ship could also take on a bent, curved or even rotating quality, depending on what stage of the acceleration cycle they were in. On board also, movement could appear slightly blurred. It was like things happened slightly before you intended them to happen. Pouring liquid into a cup, for example, required practise under these conditions. The liquid had a tendency to look like it was in two places at once – the liquid appeared in the cup just before it had left the jug. It took some getting used to. 
What did this do to human organs? Nobody knew, but as light speeds were being reached more and more often, all concerns were largely forgotten and business went on as usual.
The burst of speed lasted for some thirty minutes before slowing. Then a serenity fell over the ship as the windows were opened; the view was incredible. Over the next three hours a huge red cloud was spread out on the port side of the ship as if rust had taken a hold of an entire wall of the galaxy. Through it could still be seen faint stars, and on the far side, the white light reflected and heightened the reds to oranges and the purples to pinks, like a Sheppard’s delight sunset on ancient Earth. Above the expanse of red splatter there were stars; to the rear of the ship, there was the Sun and faint stars around it; to the front: more stars; but strangest of all was the bottomless sensation of seeing stars underneath for as far as the eye could see. It reminded Alia of the experience she had read about describing sailing a boat across an ocean. One could feel the sheer depth below. To imagine your own physical presence floating on that ocean, to scale, was to accept the terrifying vision of your insignificance and mortality. Space had the same effect – to the power of 10. 
When she was young her father had taken her to see the ocean which extended West from the Lofty Mountains. She remembered being shocked by its turquoise vastness and blinded by its radiance. Space created the same feeling of openness. But without a horizon – an anchor point, she felt her spirit just drifted in the dark. 
Although they’d only been on board for a week, on Earth, more than a month had elapsed. The flare was predicted to occur in several days. Alia had mixed feelings about watching it. The sun was still the brightest feature in all of the surrounding space - what if she had been correct about its strength; it would be the end of the planet. Guilt was a force with her like a constant companion. Feelings of and memories for Bes and Claire came regularly and as she looked around the ship she could see many Real People in similar states of depression.  
Both they and Nanopeans had transplanted their former lives onto the Star Sapphire. The Real People had been used to living in small underground self contained places, growing their own food and being very careful with water and waste. The difference was now that they were not surrounded by rock, dirt and dust. And that everywhere they turned there was a Nanopean watching. They lived in a conundrum: they hated the Nanopeans for what they’d done yet remained dependent on them.
The Nanopean lifestyle was transportable due to it being completely internalised. A Nanopean was a self contained unit. Food, information, medical supplies, entertainment was all available from and within the body. All they needed was to be comfortable, warm and sheltered and be in proximity to the network and through it they could obtain everything. 
Tuesday came, or at least that’s what they called it. All the Port windows on the ship were opened and the ship was turned 90 degrees to its usual course. And there, extending in an arc of little black shiny eggs were the other four ships of the first fleet. This first glimpse of their sister ships gave everyone a sense of well being. The mood on the Sapphire was heightened in anticipation of the event. A number of Subs had stayed in their rooms, worried that this was going to be just another tragedy.
But even most of those, terrified as they were by the looming spectre, came stealing out of their cabins to witness the historic moment with their own eyes. 
It was assumed there would be some kind of flash. The Sun was about the size of a marble and with the tinting of the main window it appeared more like an orangey yellow pea. Nearly everyone on board the 5 ships was watching and talking, when after about forty minutes of intense viewing, an almost imperceptible flash, like the flicker of a torch, was seen. Many of the spectators missed it and began looking at their friends, saying “What? What happened? Was that it? I didn’t see anything! What!” Others were yelling, “keep watching you idiot! Don’t look at me! Watch!” and similar such conversations.
Then it happened. The orange marble seemed to explode. Tiny bits and pieces could be seen splattering away from it, out into space. The viewers gasped and shrieked. Many pulled their heads backwards, away from the explosion. A shockwave rippled towards them; creating a humongous arc, a giant lens which bent and refracted light from surrounding stars as it moved out like a ripple on a pond. The ship just groaned and everyone went silent Realising the colossal nature of the event they had just witnessed: the collective thought being that the Earth was no more. They expected to see nothing left of the sun. But there it was; floating, burning enigmatic as ever.


CHAPTER 58
Confessions

“Time to address the elephant in the room. What’s going to happen when we get there. Everyone’s talking about it. I can’t keep doing my job and nor can anyone else without knowing more of the big picture…” said Shane.
Jeffery and Pato seemed a little distracted using ETP. They looked at Shane but were still following some line of information on the network. 
Shane persisted. “Look if you’ve made the mistake of censoring too much then just say its new information still being processed; still coming in…”
The three Service officials were so used to their oligarchy that the idea frightened them. They were feeling more vulnerable than ever. 
Shane continued, “At the moment morale is good but you need to make sure you keep everyone heading in the same direction, that everyone on board is united in their goals. Again it’s time to share some information. Without the support of the majority on the ship you can’t really leave the ship…”
Jeffery replied: “We’re not accustomed to seeking opinion on every little thing we do. As you know the Nanopean state has been running very smoothly for nearly 150 years. This wouldn’t have been achieved if at each step of the way we had to consult with people ill - equipped with the information or the intelligence to assess the options. We can see that with a smaller population, this may be different.”
Shane said, “Oh, good. I think?”
“A lot of this material is still very sensitive however,” said Pato nodding slowly with his head on an angle.
“Why?” asked Shane. “Why is it so sensitive?”
“Because we have taken certain risks which may disturb, what you call, on board unity,” confirmed Jeffery.
“Such as?”
The three officials exchanged a glance, then Jeffery spoke. “Our velocity has been slightly more variable than we at first thought. At light speed, small diversions become…”
Magellan broke in. “We have lost contact with ships from other cities.”
“Not totally surprising,” said Shane doing his best to remain calm. “We’re not reliant on them… Are we?”
“Each fleet is self contained, fully independent and able to colonise on its own,” said Magellan.
“Great. I don’t see a problem there. And?”
Magellan answered: “We don’t know what waits for us, exactly, on the surface of the Remus.”
“Now we’re getting somewhere… And ?” 
“We don’t know why the planets are identical,” Jeffery was getting the hang of it now.
“… it’s never been seen before – even on the millions of lifeless planets we’ve studied,” said Magellan.
Still Shane pushed forward: “OK. Be more specific.”
Again, the calm Magellan explained: “We think these planets may have been created using some means other than the laws of physics, the laws of nature, as we know them.”
“Created ? OK,” said Shane doing his best to stay positive, “How?”
“Not only how,” said Magellan. “But also who.”
Shane’s Mr. rational approach wavered, “You mean to say we’ve come all this way and you don’t know?”
“We don’t know absolutely everything!” said Jeffery.
“How can we?” echoed Pato. 
Shane was stunned “You guys must have been pretty desperate to want to escape Earth, under these circumstances; without knowing…”
“We knew. You saw the power of the sun did, did you not? And it was time humanity made the next step,” said Jeffery.
“So you knew,” said Shane, shaking his head and inhaling slowly. “You’ve certainly got a weird leadership style: murder, bondage and universal health care.”
“Why do you think we chose you as our henchman? Our style was your style,” said Jeffery.
“I’m not your henchman – I’ve only tried to protect Nanopeans from violence and Sabotage. I always thought I was doing the right thing for ‘The Service’, for Nanopea.”
“So murder’s OK when you do it?” quipped Pato. Jeffery gave Pato a look of disdain. 
Magellan Said: “Shane you’ve been great for Nanopea...”
“Likewise,” interrupted Jeffery, “what secrets are being kept from us I wonder?”
“Secrets? How would I…”
“As you know,” said Jeffery, “we use ETP in planning and…” 
“…to conference.” Pato finished the sentence.
“Indeed, and we have noticed an unidentified presence, it comes and goes…”
Magellan asked, “Do you know of anyone with network access?”
“No. It’s impossible. I personally looked at everyone who came on board. To use the system you need a lens and it’s pretty obvious if you’ve stolen one… and secrets? Nobody trusts me over there,” said Shane. “But I move around – I know who’s who. They are all just relieved to be alive – rebel Subs are a thing of past.”
“So,” asked Jeffery, his desire to maintain power was ever strong. “There’s nothing we need to know?”
“They’re still in shock about Blackwood and Picadilly and where they’ve ended up.”
“Really? There is no talk of mutiny or assassination?” asked Jeffery.
“I keep my ear close to the ground; there is no talk of insurgency – they know they’re lucky to be on the Sapphire when so many didn’t make it. Even would-be agitators, the complainers, the whiners… they’re comfortable …they all seem quite content.” 
“Why is that?” asked Magellan.
“They’re provided for and … there’s solidarity among them and as survivors, they know they’re part of something big, historic…”
“Don’t get too close Wing – be ‘one of them’ sure,” Jeffery said, indicating quotation marks with his fingers, “but when the time comes for disembarkation we must be focussed.”
“On what?” asked Shane, “What is actually going to happen?”
“The first carrier will take 200 Subs to an area we know to be some form of heath or savannah and start unloading settlement machinery and building materials.”
“You’re going to need a balance of us and them on that first carrier,” said Shane.
 “You know as well as I that the best operators of Lunatex equipment are on the Subs’ A deck. They go down first and get started,” said Jeffery.
“That’s why many of them were selected remember?” said Pato.
“A-list will be published just prior to landing…”
“It will be quite prestigious!” Pato was excited.  
“Really?” said Shane unconvinced. “What if they don’t want to go first?”
“There won’t be a choice,” said Jeffery. 
There was a pause.
“…so you plan to bring the old prejudices to the new world.” asked Shane. His direct sarcasm hit the mark. Jeffery was annoyed.
“You see this is precisely why decisions are made by an informed few.” He out-turned his palms to include Pato and Magellan. “We’re trying to involve you in the process but there is no place for panic.”
“Is this the only reason you brought them? As alien bait?” said Shane remaining placid.
“Alien bait!” said Jeffery looking at Pato . They both laughed fruity “ho, ho, ho” style laughs. When Jeffery had won his breath back he continued: “Subs represent our future, there are many reasons why they had to be a part of this…”
 “… like a control group.” Added Pato.
“not so much a control group …” said Jeffery, eyes widening, at Pato then at the others in their turn.
“Reasons?” asked Shane imagining Ryan being attacked by a giant triffid. “Reasons such as?”
“More questions?” said Jeffery feigning laughter. “We’ve thought about all this, planned it out so that people like you could just get on with doing what you do best.” 
Shane ignored the remark. “Have you trained them, prepared them in any way?”
“You don’t need to be trained to fly or land an orbital troop carrier – it’s fully automated,” said Pato.
“Anyway,” cut in Jeffery, “decisions need to be made – we are in charge of that. You’ve been given your answers.”

Shane had made up his mind about what he was going to do. He started to walk out.
“Just one more thing, Wing?” Jeffery grinned.
Shane was too disgusted to respond. 
“We need to minimise their alcohol consumption – we don’t want a bunch of inebriated impotents as envoys to our new planet,” Said Jeffery, “and a reminder: tonight is renewal signal night - and all Nanopeans will be refreshed, signal going out at ten. So make sure all Subs are locked down at 9. We don’t want any surprises.” 
“All I can say is that you better get some Nanopeans on that first drop or your peaceful little run may come to an end. You supervise them for two years then suddenly say: “now you’re going out – all by yourselves onto an alien planet… it won’t work.” 

“You do seem very…protective of them,” said Magellan. 
“What happened when you were taken by them?”asked Jeffery.
“You understood their struggle?” said Pato.
“No, none of that. It’s about the future we need to be sharing risks...burdens,” said Shane. 
“That’s true,” said Magellan. “… but there’s an issue of trust that makes them a risk. The past weighs heavily on some and revenge is, despite what you say, a means of dealing with it.”
“You should talk more often – you’ve really got a way with words,” said Shane.
“I was just waiting for the intelligent part of the conversation to begin before I joined in.” said Magellan.
 “All I’m saying,” said Shane finally, “is that there’s an opportunity here: over 100 years of violence. Bury the hatchet...” Shane turned his back and walked out; thinking how hard it was to know whether or not anything he had said would make any difference. 


CHAPTER 59
The Weapon

Despite fully utilising his personal facilities; bathing, external networking, mind washing and physical strengthening unit, Shane still had trouble sleeping that night. He thought about visiting Ryan and Alia but was worried that Ryan might see through to what was worrying him.
He and Ryan had communicated earlier in the day. The boy seemed genuinely happy - But then Ryan had turned out to be a social child and surrounded by the air of positivity present among the Real People, was enjoying other children and adults alike. He had never been the type of child to complain or to ask for things he couldn’t have. 
At midnight Shane went back up to the Service deck – he was allowed past a number of guards at various stations and finally his iris was scanned and he entered the Service level.
None of the officials were sleeping. Magellan was performing a time scan, looking 8 days into the past to where the last known position of Laos, Tokyo or Seoul fleets had been recorded. The telescope was so powerful it could lock in on a distant position and the lens could perform a reverse automatic focus. It would reverse zoom then lock and focus on any object not in an orbit. The chance of finding them this way was remote but worth trying. It was like a night search for a small boat on the ocean - using a flashlight that could shine for a thousand miles. 
Jeffery was in the adjacent lab. Using a big screen he was watching himself perform some intricate operation using micro-gloves to manipulate the genetic material of some kind of cell.  Pato was in the same lab but just sitting: possibly using the network – Shane couldn’t tell.
Shane approached Magellan’s doorway.
“Don’t you ever sleep?” asked Shane.
“No, actually.”
“That explains a lot. Maybe you should try it sometime.” 
Magellan replied: “You’re still worried about the landing?” 
“After all those years of telesync you found out nothing more than that? Tell me the rest,” said Shane.
“OK,” said Magellan, the other two Service officials turned and looked. Magellan signalled to Pato and Jeffery with thumb and third finger indicating to turn on their ETP. They knew what he was going to say: 
There is life down there – we had thousands of images come back. Six or so photos showed creatures – a group of 3, followed by a another of 12. And a later image of the same location showed them all to be gone. That’s all we know. They look to be wild animals similar in type to those that used to roam the Earth thousands of years ago.
Shane: Thankyou. Wild creatures? Like wolves or…?
Magellan: Clarity not sufficient to tell. They were hunched over walking on four legs.
An image appeared in Shane’s field of vision. He saw a green hillside, ancient Earth, he thought. As he studied the picture he noticed three small shapes in the bottom right corner – possibly in motion, walking forward; it was hard to tell. A second image showed the same location but without the hunched over, dark shapes. A third photo showed a group of twelve; clearly the same type of animal – dark grey, some more a dark brown in colour. Shane guessed they looked wolfish – but their legs were thicker and their heads were not elongated but more spherical in shape. The pictures were too grainy to see much more detail. Except that it was obvious that the animal slightly in front of the rest – was standing on two legs.
Shane: Aliens
Pato: obviously.
Magellan: But what you see there is all we know about them. They might actually just be out walking but normally drive vehicles and live in cities.
Shane: You saw cities?
Magellan: No. We saw grassland, forest, water; possibly fresh, possibly not…
Pato: The point is, we just don’t know. 
Sensing Shane’s feeling of betrayal Jeffery added: So that is why we have a defence system prepared – It is silent, it is directional and it is very clean.
Pato: It’ would have revolutionised conflict on Earth. We were given the formula just before we left. Santiago Service developed a whole new…
Magellan: It’s very dangerous. We haven’t tested it, in the field… so to speak.
Pato: But they did - it’s so simple…
Magellan: … so destructive.
Shane was fascinated by weapons. He couldn’t help asking: How does it work? 
Jeffery was amused: Oh no, this one’s strictly need to know.
Shane’s disapproval was felt by all.
Jeffery: It’s a means of back up…It destroys axon nerve fibre. Effective on anything evolved enough to have axon nerve fibre. Aggression and violence have a marked resonance, its particular is picked up though a scanner, which then activates the frequency.
Pato: any creature with an intention to kill… 
Shane: isn’t that suicide? You yourself have an intention to kill! Can’t you just warn, threaten and give us enough time to just run away?
Jeffery: Your pacifism is misguided. At no time in history has a population moved in on foreign ground with a handshake and a smile.
Magellan: It can be set to just pulse and paralyse – impulses which scramble synaptic messages. Like a stun gun.
The four men moved into the central area of the Service deck, gravitating toward the front window of the ship. They all looked forward out into space.
Magellan: So Shane, now you know everything and you know the people better than we do…” said. “What do we tell them?
Shane: How long until we get there?
Magellan: At this rate, 14 months.
Shane: Over a year! You guys could build your own planet by that time…
Jeffery: Someone’s already done that for us - two perfect planets.
Magellan: So what do we tell them?
Shane: I’ll go down, as captain, as a leader, but you must show me the weapon.
Shane inspired confidence in the Service officials. In regard to the Subs, he could do things and go places which were to them a mystery. They could never understand how Subs lived or what they thought – they didn’t even understand how Nanopeans lived their lives. It had never been their concern. It was because of this that their language of governance revolved around the pleasure principle for Nanopeans and threat management for Subs. 
Shane wondered how the aliens would respond.


CHAPTER 60
The Tooth

It was clear to Alia, Madi and the medico, Sylvana, that Ryan was becoming more Real than Nanopean but that he was benefitting from cell renewal downloads every month. He was eating regularly, if only small quantities; he was effectively both Real and Nanopean.
He had sustained a growth spurt but his previous downhill slide towards tall Asian male had slowed and it seemed some of his original looks were becoming more prevalent.
Five of them sat in Alia’s room.
“Dad you must eat too. Here try this apple.”
“I can’t swallow – I tried,” said Shane
“Tried what?”
“I tried to swallow some water a few weeks back.” 
“What happened?” asked Ryan.
“It wouldn’t go down.” 
“I had to try a few times before anything went down,” said Ryan. “The more you try the easier it gets each time. I can nearly eat anything now.”
“I know you can…” said Shane.
“I’m stronger too.”
“I know you are…”
“Here you go then.” Ryan handed the apple to his dad. Shane looked at it, rubbed it up and down on his uniform a few times. Then, slowly, he brought the apple up to his mouth and “scrunch!” He took a bite.
“Well done dad! You did it!” Ryan yelled.
“Ryan shhh!” said Madi. “Your dad’s not even s’posed to be in here!”
“Its OK,” he said chewing. “Two guards are…wait !” he said putting his finger in his mouth. “what the f….” he pulled out one of his lower teeth. It had cracked off on the apple.
“Oh no! Dad!” said Ryan concerned.
“Oh no!” echoed Sylvana smiling.
“Woops.” said Madi.
“Maybe your teeth aren’t used to it?” said Alia.
“Thanks for that free appraisal Doctor obvious. Do you do general check-ups as well?” laughed Madi.
“Shut up!” said Alia, “Shane, are you OK?”
“Its fine…” said Shane still shocked. “It’s been a while since I used them…”
“Quick grab a glass of beer to put it in…” said Madi. 
“You don’t put it in beer you moron!” said Sylvana. “You’ll damage the nerves.”
“You must put it in something,” said Alia, “so that…”
“Milk,” said Sylvana until we get it fitted in properly” – Shane was shrugging his shoulders and shaking his head slightly. 
“No don’t worry,” he said. “a new one will grow back. I’ve done it before.”
“Grow back? How?” said Sylvana.
“When did you try and eat before?” said Ryan 
“No I’ve had my teeth knocked out a few times – by Real People mainly; once by another guard. I don’t know it’s just technology. You bust something and it fixes itself or if it’s seriously busted, you can get a new one. Teeth grow back.”
“I know, mine grow back,” said Ryan. “The new ones are even better than the old ones!” 
“Well that’s different - they’re your baby teeth. I’m talking about adult teeth.”
“So what happens?” asked Sylvana.
“I’m not an expert but there are different types of cells that are carried to different locations for healing. We have nano cells which can sense something wrong with the integrity of the frame. For a tooth, unipotent cells – are directed to the gum and a new version of what is supposed to be there is grown - makes new teeth.”
“How long will that take” said Madi.
“About three weeks.”
“Here dad. I’ve chopped it up small for you – try a small piece.”
“You are relentless!” he took a small piece of apple and carefully started chewing.
“Check those guards again.” said Alia.
 As part of his new Iris network he had a complete map of the ship and comrade radar. “Two guards are outside the Garden 11 bar. We’re fine.”
“How did you get Ryan to become a Nanopean” asked Sylvana.
“He had an initial large dose of N.E.T., then regular transfusions from me when he was small. That’s all you have to do.”
“Can you do it with an adult?” asked Alia
“Yes but it takes a lot longer.”
“Fascinating,” said Sylvana.
“Dad are you going to come back tomorrow?” asked Ryan.
“If I may?” Shane looked at Madi and then to Alia.
“Its fine with me,” said Madi. “We’ll have something nice and soft for you to eat.”
“Allright then,” said Shane. He kissed a finger and touched Ryan’s head. “Goodnight.”
As Shane walked out, Madi said to Ryan “bedtime.”
“I love these beds,” he said jumping onto his bunk. “Goodnight.” He pushed a small button near his overhead light switch and a faint shimmering luminescence shrouded the length of his bed, blocking noise and light. He soon fell asleep. 

“Are you ok?” said Madi to Alia.
“Yeah I’m fine. Why?”
“You just seem a little, slow…distracted…or something.”
“Oh,” Alia said vaguely, “I just need a good…” Alia’s voice trailed off slightly. 
“You need a good night’s sleep, is what you’re trying to say…” Madi smiled.
“I need a good night’s sleep.” Agreed Alia. “I don’t think I’ve had one in years.” 
“I think you do too,” said Madi smiling still.
“We all do,” said Sylvana and laughed.


CHAPTER 61
The Sickness

Shane and Charles worked together regularly and they often talked privately about Shane’s conversations with J, P and M. these conversations were valuable to Shane because Charles was naturally a “moderate” and advocated deliberation and caution before action. 
So despite Shane’s new intimacy with Madi and Alia and the small meals they were regularly preparing for him, he had not passed on what he had learned about the settlement plans; why worry them when he was going to change those plans anyway? He was pretty sure how they would react if they found out they were scheduled to be used as guinea-pigs on the new planet.
Charles knew about Shane’s eating and he had been kept up to date on Shane’s progress. Ryan ofcourse had been the Real pioneer and continued healthy. But as Charles had been keen to point out, Shane had been a Nanopean for a very long time – his body may not be able to revert back to the ancient means of nutrition. However, even Charles had noticed: Shane had begun to revert back to an older version of his physical self. Only small things were noticeable: a lightening of the hair and eye colour, the shape of the nose. Even his bones had started remembering the old code – from his shoulders to his chin, there were slight changes. 
The two Nanopean guards were working together. They had finished supervising a “dump run” – everybody now knew ofcourse that such supervision was merely a formality but likewise everyone had a role and those roles seemed to work so were maintained.
Unrecyclable waste was dumped every 50 hours. Various large mobile containers had to be moved, attached to evacuation vents and unwanted material was jettisoned.
As four Real workers, three men and a woman manoeuvred a waste vat into position, Charles climbed the three steps up to the control panel on the wall which activated the suction facility. But he didn’t get that far. As he leaned into the step his whole body toppled forward – it was if his legs and arms had stiffened. It was all he could do to turn his head as the side of his face grazed across the top step. Shane leapt forward in an attempt to catch him but it all happened too quickly.
The workers stopped what they were doing. Several of them moved over to help Charles regain his feet but for a few seconds he couldn’t move. Shane pulled on his arm, “Charles! You OK? C’mon let’s get you up again…” but Charles just lay there staring down into the floor.
“He’s out cold,’ said one of the Subs.
“Charles!” said Shane again. Then he blinked, started breathing and he was back. He struggled to stand up and said, “Sorry I just passed out… I don’t know what happened...”
“Its fine mate you slipped that’s all,” said Shane. “OK let’s get these containers emptied out then we can all get out of here!”

Then it started to happen. At first there were a few other small accidents. One guard couldn’t get off an escalator and caused a mass pile up as others came up behind him and simply toppled over him, adding to the chaos. Nanopeans in general seemed slow, inattentive; more than usually so. Previous on board routines: announcements for high speed travel and activity rosters were not being made. 
One morning many Nanopeans simply didn’t make it out of bed. Shane went across to Charles’ room. He was half out of bed – his legs were on the ground but he was in a squat position. His head was sort of lolling to one side. He was clearly very ill.
Shane ran in to help him back into bed. 
“No, no… no… I’m fine. Just so tired,” he stammered. “Can you put in a good word… put in an apology for me? I can’t make it today.”
“I will. Just get into bed; you’re going to be fine.”
“I don’t know what’s wrong with me… very tired…very tired.” Murmured Charles.
“Don’t worry. You’re not the only one – we’ve been hit with some kind of virus.” 

As Shane rushed to the stern of the ship he passed down empty Nanopean corridors before coming to the level 2 gateway to the bow of the ship. As he passed through this door he panicked. Back here too it was quiet. All he could think was that Ryan was sick. He rushed to room 46 scanned the door and pushed it open. 
Alia was standing there in her underwear. She inhaled sharply and looked shocked as Shane barged in. 
“Excuse you,” said Madi, her feet up on the chair, sipping a hot drink. 
“Hi!” said Alia, “I was just getting dressed…”
“I’m so sorry,” said Shane. Ryan was sitting up at the table, dressed and ready to go. 
“I just wanted to check if you were OK. A lot of people are sick…”
“Huh?” said Alia, pulling on some pants.
“The Nanopeans, lots of them, are sick…”
“What’s wrong with them.” asked Madi.
“Some kind of virus… a paralysis.”
“Really? No we’re fine down here..” said Alia. “You seem OK…”
Shane looked across and through the curtain and saw Sylvana lying there. 
“What’s wrong with her?”
“Her?” said Madi. “She’s just lazy. Sylvana! Get up!”
Sylvana groaned: “I am!”
“Are you OK dad?”
“I’m fine buddy,” said Shane walking across to him putting a hand on his head. “We’re both fine…” he said vaguely, thinking. “Have you seen anyone else this morning?”
“Yeah,” said Alia, “little Adey and Kez came in earlier to get Ryan – they were fine.”
“OK. I’ll be back.” Shane walked from room to room checking as many Subs as he could. No-one was ill. 
He returned, knocked this time and said to Madi and Alia: “There’ll be an announcement. Try and keep everyone calm. It’ll be business as usual – just unsupervised. We can’t have panic.”
“Say it’s a Nanopean holiday or something…” said Alia 
“No one’s gonna buy that,” said Madi
“Just say,” said Alia, “Nanopeans are recharging or whatever you call it... special space requirement.”
“Hey,” said Madi, “perfect time to take over the ship!” she smiled.
“Now that’s helpful,” said Alia, smiling.
”Yeah just stay calm,” said Shane in a cautionary tone, “or we may not have a ship.”
Shane left room 46 and activated ETP as he passed through the level 2 gateway and paced back to the outer bow levels, past quiet Nanopean cabins, and up to the Service quarters. 

There were no guards at the usual check points on his way up to the Service deck.
Shane scanned himself in. There were two Nanopeans lying in Jefferies lab and another in Pato’s. 
“Where… have…. you been?” said Jeffery. “You’re… not sick!” said Jeffery. His speech had slowed discernibly.
“Believe me I feel terrible,” replied Shane.
“I can hardly walk…. and there you are…… skipping up and down corridors.” Jeffery had several scanners running but was leaning back in his chair. 
“I’ve been right through the ship,” said Shane. “Have you seen the condition that people are in? You’ve got to do something – let everyone know it’s under control, before something...”
“We could lockdown,” said Pato.
“Not lockdown.” answered Shane. “The ship needs to function. Let the Subs continue their work. They seem unaffected…”
“Unaffected?” said Jeffery.
“Make announcements: explain what’s happening; resume normality!” This was Pato’s area. Pato looked to Jeffery for confirmation. Jeffery closed his eyes and was clearly struggling to focus. Magellan said “just do it!” Pato shuffled off to the communication room.  
“So what is it? What’s wrong with us?” asked Shane. Jeffery was still fading. Magellan was in a better state. He said, “Jeffery!”
He replied, “Excuse me..” and stumbled off into his lab. He sat on a stool with his elbows on the table rubbing his face, struggling to compose himself.
Magellan said, “We don’t know what’s wrong. Blood nutrient levels are fine. There seems to be a slight problem with viscosity. They’re going to send through an emergency refresher signal.” 
Pato’s announcements travelled through the ship. Then a Nanopean message to use telesync was announced.

“Our little machines, our little machines…’ Jeffery was shaking his head slowly, looking forlorn. “…the synthetic nanobots…are under some form of pressure…the organic ones are at 80 percent.”
“Is there some kind of gravitational change out there – have we come into the orbital sphere of another body?” asked Shane.
“That’s what we have been trying to establish… but there’s absolutely nothing out there,” said Magellan. “We’re on the outskirts of one if the largest known empty spaces in the universe. I’ve looked and looked. It’s something we’ve never seen before. Some other sort of invisible astrophysical… material – sludge, permeating the ship.”
“I thought we were protected from outside forces?” asked Shane
“We are. From forces we understand.”

 Nanopeans underwent telesync - digital boost juice. A dose of refresher software was downloaded. But to everyone’s horror nothing changed; Nanopean energy levels remained at an all time low.  
Jeffery and Pato had been screening their own blood samples all day. They could see the complete retardation of the nano-bots; the multitude of micro bodies seemed unable to release the minute traces of the chemical by which they were propelled and the delivery of which kept Nanopeans alive. The smallest machines on the ship, the generators of the Nanopean metabolism had stopped swimming. 
Despite early disasters with remote delivery of refresher software, N.E.T. had been an extremely reliable therapy – until now. The Service officials had never seen or heard of anything like this problem and they were running out of time. 
Jeffery knew of an emergency technique that had worked in early trials of N.E.T. – a way of temporarily bypassing the therapy. He couldn’t remember it in practice but Pato accessed historical records and found the reference they were looking for.
In early N.E.T. trials, a small group of students undergoing the radical new therapy became comatose after repeated failures of the enzyme activation signal. Nanopeans didn’t have a blood type as such so human blood could be used as an emergency substitute, keeping them alive until the problem was solved.

Shane did his best to appear tired and listless. He was now twice as strong as any of the other Nanopeans. It had not gone unnoticed. He was called up to the Service deck. Jeffery was in his lab still slumped back in his chair.
“It interests me that when everyone else falls you remain standing…” said Jeffery.
“Believe me I’m only just staying upright… I use muscle electrodes, they …”
“If any of us are to ever get off this ship… I need blood. Wing…’ said Jeffery
“Blood? Why?” interrupted Shane. 
“A child would be best… there were a number of orphans? Bring me one of those.”
“You can’t use a child. Take an adult.”
“I don’t want adults here,” he snapped. Jeffery seemed paralysed, groaning in an attempt to move his weight forward. He put his elbows on the desk and turned to look at Shane. His eyes were still remarkably active. 
“There’ll be trouble if you start harming children…they’re already getting uneasy down there. I wouldn’t…” warned Shane.
“That’s enough! This voyage is over if we do not find a solution! Need I remind you that our information system depends on the Nanopean brain for processing…storage… ” Jeffery’s voice was breaking up with the effort of speaking as he began wiring himself up to the venous extractor. 
Such arrogance and surety even when diminished, thought Shane. 
Jeffery sat, head resting back eyes shut as N.E.T. fluid began oozing from his arm in readiness for the transfusion. He seemed to lose consciousness.
Shane was running on pure instinct. Yes, he thought, Jeffery had saved many lives – but had also caused great suffering. The world would be better without the megalomania of Jeffery and Pato. But what of Magellan? He was faring better than the other two. Shane turned to leave. Magellan was standing in the doorway.
“You seem OK?” asked Shane.
“He’s right – we have maybe ten hours. Without the three of us there is no access to the whole of the network – without that, no one’s going anywhere.” 
Shane had wanted them all dead many times – and here they were, dying and he was looking at sacrificing an innocent child to save them. He checked the list. There were 3 children on board who had come as extras, who had been, for whatever reason separated from their families.


CHAPTER 62
Blood

Shane buzzed the door.
Kristina had been saved from Earth by a twist of fate and shared a cabin with her friend Marika and her family. She’d been visiting them at the time of the killings. It was awkward for her living so closely with people she hardly knew. Still, she was grateful they had accepted her.
“Kristina Hamil?” Shane had appeared at their door unexpectedly. His heart sank as he recognised her as Ryan’s little friend.
“You have a rare blood type that the doctor would like to sample. You’ll be helping the Nanopeans…”
“But I don’t want to help the Nanopeans!” Shane was taken aback for a second and tried not to show his approval.
“Kristina, please accompany me to the Service deck.” Shane wasn’t sure how best to approach her. He wasn’t used to dealing with young females.
“I don’t want to go.” she climbed backwards onto her bed, with her knees up for protection. 
“Everything’s going to be OK. I promise you won’t be harmed. It’s just a sample.”
Kristina looked to her friend Marika, then at the parents for support but they were terrified. A guard had never come to their cabin before let alone summoned one of them to the Service deck.
“Do I have to go?” Kristina had guts. The family looked at her in disbelief.
“They’re waiting for you; come on, you’ll be back in an hour,” said Shane. 
Kristina knew when she was beaten. She got up, looked at her “family” – she could see they were just glad it wasn’t one of their actual children.
She walked just behind Shane.
 “How do they know what my blood type is?” she asked as they walked round the curved corridors and various escalators up to level 6. 
“Everyone was scanned before boarding….” 
“But I don’t like needles.” She said.
“It will be over quickly. All the Nanopeans are very sick and what you’re doing will help to fix the problem.” 
As they entered the Service area, Kristina was awestruck by the broad space of the deck before her. The entire roof was transparent. The Eridani void was open, dark and very beautiful; distant stars were visible straight above. Off to the front of the ship Sirius was almost spherical in its brightness.   
“Bring her straight in!” called Jeffery. The bed was semi upright and Jeffery was lying there, waiting.
Pato stood next to the empty bed, nodding slowly, waiting to begin the procedure. Kristina looked over at Shane and he gestured to go forward. As she stepped toward the bed and turned to sit, Pato making no eye contact what-so-ever, awkwardly and rather roughly, pushed her backwards. She began to panic, noticing the size of the blood bag and that there were another two bags on stand-by. 
“I’m giving blood to him!” she said in reference to Jeffery. “I thought it was just a small sample?”
“Relax my dear you’ll be finished in a second,” said Jeffery who, in anticipation, seemed to have found a new lease of energy. Pato strapped her arm to a padded rail level with the mattress and applied the tourniquet. Now that the girl was secured, Pato relaxed a little, and over-compensating in his attempt to console the girl, began patting and stroking her shoulder. As he turned around to pick up the needle, Kristina’s distress mounted. She looked out to where Shane was standing, watching – sensing in him, her last hope. But it was too late. Pato found the vein quickly and inserted the hollow spike. Kristina’s face twisted and contorted as she looked around and saw the ruby fluid dripping into the bag. Her eyes closed and she passed out. 
The bag soon filled with blood and Jeffery wasted no time in hooking himself up and using the blood. It seemed to have an immediate effect. Pato began connecting a second bag.
“What are you doing?” asked Shane.
“We’re going to need five litres…” said Pato. “I’m going to need this immediately and…” 
“Five litres! That will kill her!” said Shane.
“As predicted,” said Jeffery, “this will give us the clarity we need to solve this problem – it may take several days for us to work out a way to have N.E.T. running properly.” 
“Can’t you just take a little from a few?” asked Shane more desperately than intended.
“There’s no time – She’s here now,” said Jeffery.
It was the coldness of the statement that caused Shane to snap - he stepped across to Kristina, jagging his elbow into Pato, sending him reeling back into the bench where he lost his balance and fell sideways onto his shoulder. 
Jeffery was powerless to move and Pato was floundering around on the floor. He seemed to be having difficulty standing. Magellan who had been in his own lab noticed the scuffle and came in quickly.
“Stop!” he yelled. “Wing! Stop!” Shane put his left thumb down hard where the needle was inserted on Kristina’s arm and pulled it out. He picked her up and carried her out.
As Shane made his way around the spiralling passage-ways a robotic female voice announced: “Children 14 and under to B6-10 Service deck for vaccination... Children 14 and under to B6-10 Service deck for vaccination.”
Shane saw doors opening and adults appearing at doorways, looking out questioning one another. He saw some children walking around the bend toward him. 
“Go back to your cabins! There’s been a malfunction. Stay in your cabins.”
“What’s going on?” asked a man who’d been standing there talking to a group of Subs.
“Keep your children safe. Do not leave your cabins!” he repeated.
“What’s wrong with her?” asked someone else, referring to Kristina. 
“She’s going to be fine.” said Shane, “just stay put and everything will be OK.”
Carrying Kristina, he crashed into Alia’s room and said “Look after her,” placing her on the bed. “She’s had blood taken from her – keep your doors open – they may try to lock everything!” – jam them open if you have to… and stay ready!” and to Alia he said: “don’t let any of the kids leave. This could be the moment you’ve been waiting for!” He scanned the room. “Wait! Where’s Ryan?”
“Er, he went down to the gardens…” said Madi
“What? Who with?”
“He was by himself…”
“Oh no!”
“…he was meeting some other kids down there.”
“We have to find him.” To Alia, he said, “Stay here and look after her?”
“Ofcourse,” she said.
 They tore down the passage ways into the heart of the ship where it became warmer and warmer, down to the growing rooms. They passed several people on the way, breathlessly yelling at them to go back to their cabins. 
They split up. Madi looked in at the soy shelves while Shane checked the vine rooms. Nothing. “Fuuuccck!” yelled Shane. 
He yelled out to Madi, “Found him?” but his voice fell dead as the spiralling passages swallowing all sound. He went from room to room to room, calling: “Ryan? Ryan? Ryan?” then he virtually knocked Madi over. 
“Fuck! How could you do this!” He demanded.
“Do what?”
“Lose him!” 
“Hey! You’re the one who’s s’posed to be in command dick-head!” yelled Madi.
“You keep looking,” said Shane. “I just hope he hasn’t gone up to the Service deck!”

Shane ran all the way around to the outer levels and to the front of the ship to the Service deck only to find the entrance locked. Looking through the small window he saw Jeffery, with his new lease of energy, working furiously, stooped over his work bench madly trying to find a solution to save his own life. 
And there in the corner of the lab sat three young boys, waiting patiently. 
“Ryan!” Shane yelled. Noise could not penetrate the thick glass window of the steel door. Shane could see Ryan’s face. He looked completely at home. He was chatting with the other two boys. They were enjoying being in this special place. Then Jeffery turned to face them smiling and talking and to Shane’s horror, Ryan bounded up onto the bed. 
Jeffery studied his veins – they were rather Nanopean looking. Somewhat taken aback he looked up, more closely at the boy’s face. He didn’t look Nanopean but then again… he had trouble finding the vein, tightened the tourniquet, trying to find a location for the needle. He pushed the needle in. Ryan sucked air through his teeth as Jeffery searched for blood. None was forth-coming.
At a distance, Shane saw Ryan wince in pain and began pounding, impotently on the window. 
Jeffery jabbed at Ryan’s arm again. This time he cried out, Realising that maybe this man wasn’t trying to help him after all. One of the other boys stood up and said. “Are you OK Ryan?”
“Hes absolutely fine,” said Jeffery, who seemed to have hit on some of the sought after dark fluid in Ryan’s arm. But what came out perplexed the Service official. It wasn’t blood; it was more like N.E.T. fluid. 
“Who are you boy?”
From outside the Service deck Shane saw Magellan, who had been slumped, semi conscious in a chair. In a dreamlike state, eyes half closed, he had been silently observing the proceedings. Then he heard Shane: Magellan… Let those children go!  Shane saw Magellan stand, stumble to the door of the lab, go in and begin remonstrating with Jeffery. 
 “Let them go Jeff,” said Magellan. “Can’t you see they’re …and he’s got parents – they’ll fight you for this.”
“You’re sounding like Wing and at any rate, I’m doing this for you.” Magellan stopped what he was doing, noticing Shane’s presence on ETP.
Shane: Take some donor adults - Voluntarily – not by … 
Jeffery was thriving on human blood: Ahhh….Shane…again. When are you going to Realise: you are not in charge.” Jeffery was still thriving on human blood. “And right now you must do as I say Wing or I’ll be forced to turn you off and destroy the gardens. Do exactly as I say now or your beloved Subs will all die. As Magellan had no doubt informed you, we will be expecting Santiago, Tokyo and Beijing and neither you nor the Subs will survive when news of this insubordination reaches them. Find out who this child’s parents are I want them punished. Bring me an adult – we need to revive Pato… if I cannot revive him you Wing become a Service murderer… Bring a Real woman to the deck in 10 minutes and the children are yours. This is your last chance.
Shane knew a Real woman who might relish the opportunity of meeting the men from The Service.

Five minutes later Shane reappeared outside the Service deck entrance.
Jeffery ordered: Leave the woman! Alia stood there and waited for the door to open. 
Jeffery communicated with Shane: go back to your filthy Subs. The children will be released when she’s finished.
The door slid open. Meekly, submissively she shuffled across to Jeffery’s lab. “Come! Come!” he yelled. None of the boys made eye contact with her as she passed. Jeffery had all the transfusion equipment ready to go.
She sat up on the chair, presented her arm. She saw Magellan stirring in a chair the corner. 
“Thankyou for cooperating,” said Jeffery as he moved in on her, with his left hand holding the needle and right hand holding the attached tube. Then suddenly, not all that quickly, she grabbed his left arm with her left hand and using his forward momentum, pulled him toward her. Her right hand had formed a fist and was drawn back like an arrow. He had no answer for the blow that broke his nose and high on human blood, he felt no pain as he silently crumpled to the floor. 
Alia could see that Pato was no threat – his forehead was still flat on the ground and he was completely motionless. He looked dead. She stood up and went over to Magellan; slapping him on the face. He woke up. “Get up” she yelled. “Open the door!”
Shane came in “Well done!” He said.
“Dad!” said Ryan. The other two boys stood close. They were pale and wide eyed.
 “Alia you’re a gem,” said Shane. “Can you take these three and stay in the cabin!!”

“Now Magellan, how do we fly this thing!”
“It’s on auto-pilot for now. Just check everything’s secure…” he sat down on the chair and was rubbing his eyes. He sat forward. “Make sure… ohh.” Magellan was struggling.
Shane asked Alia, “Can you give blood?”
“To this schmuck?” she said.
“Would you mind?” said Shane. “We need him.”
“Don’t worry…” said Magellan quietly. “I’m not going to make it. But…” he collapsed back onto the low chair.
“Put him up on the bed,” said Shane. “We narrowly avoided having a vampire festival in here.”
“I know! I was on the menu!” said Alia.
“What do we do? Magellan?” said Shane shaking the Service official. Magellan woke but was passing in and out of consciousness.
“Magellan?” Shane shoved his shoulder.
“You can’t save me now? It’s too late…” slurred the Service man.
“Yes we can. We need you. Tell us what to do,” said Shane.
“You’ve got to let some drain off… two litres… then give me two…And…”
“What?”
“This whole ship can be remotely controlled – Jeffery.” Magellan took a deep breath and said, “Jeffery can do it… without lifting a finger.”
“I say we kill him now,” said Alia, “he’s far too dangerous… but then who’s flying this thing?” 
“From now on it’s pre-programmed,” said Magellan. “We… take the eye.” Magellan had his closed. “You’ll have to take it out.”
Shane looked at Alia, who said, “I’ll be back.”
She returned with Madi and Sylvana.
“So you were the eye specialist all along,” said Shane. “I’ve been looking for you for years. Remember we don’t want to murder him.” 
“Why not?” said Madi.
“We just want to stop him from using their Iris network…” said Shane.
“So which one is the boss?”asked Madi. She walked over to Pato. “We won’t have to worry about this one….. looks like he’s gone already.” She prodded him with her toe.
“The other one,” said Alia. “He was just about to drain my blood.”
“Really?” said Madi. She grabbed Jeffery by the feet and said. “OK let’s go!” and dragged him out of the lab. 
Sylvana followed Madi into the adjacent lab leaving Alia and Shane to finish Magellan’s transfusion. 


CHAPTER 63
Cleanup

Magellan’s transfusion was successful. Jeffery survived his eye operation but all the other Nanopeans were gone. 
An invisible cosmic sludge had stopped N.E.T. from working. The Nano-bots had become “lazy” and struggled to deliver hormones and nutrients to the cells of the Nanopeans who simply began to slow down and fade out. They became slower, weaker; reduced in every way and in a haze, had fallen into a sleep before the lights went out, permanently.
Shane made an announcement regarding the epidemic and the demise of the Nanopean population – that there were only three survivors and that the condition was not contagious. 
After the initial panic came the euphoria. They were free. Finally, justice had been served. The ship was opened. A party ensued; food and drink were consumed as if it were to be their last day. 
Then there was the hangover. While the adults recovered, the children roamed free over the ship, exploring the previously forbidden Nanopean bow of the ship. With hushed voices small groups of them wandered through Nanopean corridors and common areas leading through to cabins where they were horrified to see the contortions and twists of hundreds of Nanopean bodies. The children were morbidly fascinated to see what “on-board gravity” had done to the deceased. They looked like mummies: the fluids having drained to the front, side or back of their bodies, depending on how they had been lying in their final moments.
The children fled back to their rooms and a quiet fell over the ship. 
Feelings of elation, that they had outlasted the Nanopeans, soon gave way to a sense of foreboding. Real people had become dependent on Nanopean control and the Nanopean routine.
Alia made an announcement that she and Shane would be taking joint command of the ship – with the surviving Service official Magellan as an advisor. The first task, she regretfully informed them, would be to clean up.
It took several days to shoot out all the corpses.
Shane found Charles, just where he had left him – he was still sitting there by his bed, eyes open in quiet contemplation. The body was rigid; the face drawn and hard, completely drained of softening fluid. N.E.T. fluid seemed to set under the skin like resin. 
“Come on old man.” Shane dragged him onto the trolley and covered him over. Charles was one of the last to leave. As the body was bundled into the evacuation hatch, some tears appeared. Shane wiped them off almost indignantly. Was it sadness or guilt that he had failed help Charles? As if the situation wasn’t bad enough: the body wouldn’t fit in the hatch sitting up – it had to be lying down. Shane had to place one foot on his shoulder and the other on the leg to flatten it. With a crack and a creak the torso jerked backwards, prostrate. 
The clunking noise that the corpse made as it collided with the hull on exit was too horrid. And then there was the terrible vision: the incongruity of a small human body adrift in the vast blackness. Arms akimbo in anticipation of some final embrace. 


CHAPTER 64
Magellan

Magellan was revitalised by the transfusion. He and Shane talked. 
“Look at me,” said Shane, “and look at you. You’re wasting away.” Magellan’s body had started consuming itself. Shane continued, “I started doing it as a little experiment on myself. Food. At first I couldn’t keep anything down…but I’m sure it’s the reason why I’m OK. Why don’t you start? It’s been a slow process but I guess I’m partly Real now.” 
Magellan asked “How long was it before your body could process food?”
“As soon as I could keep it down…” said Shane. “There was an immediate change in my metabolism.”
“Incredible,” said Magellan. “We always saw food as retrograde and toxic.”
“Well it wasn’t my idea,” said Shane and explained how Ryan combined both lifestyles.
“Good, I’m glad he’s well,” said Magellan.
“You’re glad? Why did you never say anything - speak out?”
“I did in my own way but I believe things work out of themselves.”
“How can you be a man of science and believe in fate?”
“It’s not fate; merely an acceptance of unseen forces.”
“What does that mean?” asked Shane 
“There is always something out of reach; beyond our control. Fight hard certainly but accept the truth. You are not God.”
“So you believe in god?”
“I spoke metaphorically.”
 “You must have felt like a god… at times – in and out of peoples’ minds, working out how universal sources of energy and …errr… eternal life…” asked Shane.
“Hah…well… hmmmm that didn’t work out too well in the end did it,” said Magellan with a smile.
“Well you’re still here...” said Shane.
“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves… and let’s not forget; you too have done quite well for yourself – quite possibly one of the oldest humans in the universe. When were you born?”
“2130” answered Shane.
“Only 144...”
“Only? How old are you?” asked Shane.
“I was born in 2045. I am 229. I don’t know where the time’s gone.” Magellan said in barely a whisper.
“Who was the eldest?”
“Jeffery, by three years. Pato was the youngest of the three of us. He was a mathematical genius. Jeffery was a geneticist – turned engineer – I guess you could say we were all linked by the world of physics, micro, macro and nano.”
“And you?” asked Shane.
“My specialty has always been astronomy and space – astro-physics, which makes me responsible for this whole disaster.” 
“I think it might be one of those situations which is ‘beyond your control.’ Physics, astronomy and space travel… we’re all glad you’re here though!” Magellan was starting to look his age. He thanked Shane who then asked: “What about Earth? You must know.” 
“I suspect there are many survivors. But what was true of the Earth’s climate before would be far worse now,” said Magellan.

The two rested in silence for a few moments before Magellan spoke. “Speaking of Jeffery…” 
“What’s that?” asked Shane.
“He locked the network,” said Magellan.
“Is that a problem?”
“The ship is set to eventually go into orbit around Remus. But nothing else can be done after that… without access to the network.”
“We need to talk him into showing you how to unlock it… ” said Shane.
“That is the other problem…” said Magellan, his mouth opening wide to show horror and focussing his deeply set eyes on Shane then down at the floor.
“Why?”
“He’s dead.”


CHAPTER 65
System Down

The ship was still several months away from Sirius. 
Shane explained Ryan’s ability to perform telepathy and how he had gained entry to the network.
“Ahh, the organic user,” said Magellan, “that explains a lot.”
Madi and Alia came up to the Service deck with Ryan in tow. Magellan stared at the child. 
Shane said, “This is Matt Magellan.” Ryan looked up at the tall man in wonder. The two women ignored him. 
‘So,” said Alia “network information is not just stored in the Nanopean brain then?” she asked Shane.
“Ask the expert” said Shane referring to Magellan, “he’s right here.” Neither woman looked at him. Magellan gestured toward the large white round unit in the corner of the room. It was several feet high with a fist sized light in the centre and a rim of light around the top edge. There were what looked like handles attached to six wedge shaped drawers – like a giant pie. 
“That’s all we have left. Everything you need is in there…” he said. “…detailed instructions regarding what needs to be done to journey to the surface, managing on board resources, the carrier capsule, how to leave the planet and get back to the ship: everything.” 
Madi interrupted him and looking directly at Shane asked, “So we have no control over the ship!” It was more of a statement than a question. Magellan didn’t notice her attempt to ignore him. He answered.
“The ship is programmed to fly over Romulus then orbit Remus… for as long as required; if we can access the network, you can then decide on a course of action.”
They took Ryan over to one of the long bench seats at the side of the deck under the large windows. 
“It’s OK you can go…” said Ryan to the women.
“It’s probably better,” agreed Magellan, “if you leave.”
Madi bristled visibly. “Actually I’ll stay. I’m his mother” 
“Fine. Ryan you will need to lie down and follow my instruction,” said Magellan.
“I’ve got to start him off,” said Shane.
“Dad I can do it by myself.” 
Ryan found it easy now, with the transmitter so close, to access the ETP frequency. After a short period of searching for the “hexagonal space” he found himself in the middle room of the network structure. 
Magellan spoke. To Ryan, his telepathic voice and presence were very strong – he could almost see him standing there watching him. Magellan said to go forward and he began walking, again, in the strange artificial twilight world of the network. 
 Ryan could see the small dark archways; the openings to other spaces. Magellan guided him, left and right: Now step through. Ryan remembered the bizarre feeling of being dragged through the portal. “Whhupp!” Without moving his feet he was sucked through to the next hexagonal space.
After passing through 2 more openings Ryan felt he knew where to go. In each passing section there were different configurations of three-dimensional panels, blocks, switches and all manner of built in objects completely foreign to him but a part of the structure of the wall. 
Ryan described where he was. Magellan replied: Face left and go to the wall. Open the final security module by pressing the large rectangular panel. Inside there are five rods. 1 is vertical; turn all to the vertical position. Follow my voice back out.
As Ryan opened his eyes everyone was smiling – something he had not seen for a long time. 
Magellan said “The network is active, open and can now be projected and used collaboratively. Well done Ryan.”


CHAPTER 66
Drive by

The Black Sapphire powered closer and closer to its destination, Sirius. The two planets, rarely in complete darkness, swung in an elliptical orbit around the giant star. Sirius B, orbited its big sibling once every eight years, while the twin planets did it in less than three.
People on board the star Sapphire spent a lot of their time watching the two suns and the slow gradual movements of the huge astral bodies circling them. 
Now, on the sixth day of watching the spectacle, they flooded onto the Service deck with its expansive viewing platforms and windows, as their new home finally came into sharp focus. At first all they could see was just the sublimely perfect circle; the dark outline of Remus. But as they grew nearer and with the light of Sirius now off to one side they could see that it was a green planet. There were maybe half a dozen circular, small blue patches, spread about randomly on its surface: seas or lakes and there were white clouds gathering in thickness around the central belt of the planet. The people pointed and chattered excitedly at many of these recognisable features.
 As they headed away from Remus, on the far side of the planet, they saw, suspended like tadpole eggs, a dozen tiny black spaceships of the Nanopean fleet. They cried out and hugged each other such was their excitement on seeing their fellow travellers after so many disasters and over such a long journey.
Magellan slowly entered the room, tall and majestic in his huge cloak and with barely enough energy to walk. People stopped talking. Shane had come to be accepted, had gotten to know people individually. But Magellan represented something entirely different - many innocent people had been killed under his watch, at his command – they feared him; hated him. Shane broke the moment by saying “We rejoin the rest of the fleet after Romulus.”
Attention soon turned to the vastness of Sirius, which from Earth had been to the ancients, the nose of a dog, belonging to the Greek hunter Orion. The Sirius star system was bathed in light and heat and as their eyes adjusted to the glare, they saw, to their port side a little yellow planet, shining like wet clay. 20 minutes further around Sirius there were cheers as Dog Star B, provided a bright backdrop to another two planets. One was orange and covered in dark cracks, while further out was a larger, clearly terrestrial, dry looking planet, light brown in colour. Soon they were close enough to see landforms: there were canyons, mountains and myriad serpentine markings across its surface – evidence of the presence of water - at least at some stage. Thin clouds were dispersed widely across its surface. Magellan leant over to Shane and said “The twin planet.” 
Shane announced: “There it is: the twin planet.” People frowned at each other and shook their heads. This was no twin! They couldn’t believe they’d come all this way for a desert.
“Yes, indeed, that is Romulus – not green, not blue – but brown. But don’t be fooled: it has a breathable atmosphere, perfect temperature… and water.” Shane had slipped into sales mode.
“Water?” people were saying shrugging their shoulders, “where?”
As they flew closer, veering to the starboard side, it seemed he was right. Dark rivers trickled into speckles of blue lakes. There was even a broad sea reflecting brightly, the white light of Sirius. 
Kristina and Ryan had been sitting at the front of a group of adults at the base of a large window. “Look,” said Kristina with her finger on the window, “there, near those black crack things… all those tiny squares.”
“Oh yeah,” said Ryan, “and there’s another one…all green in the middle!” he too was pointing now and soon, so was everybody else. 
For a few minutes there was chatter. Magellan was clearly surprised. He had not seen this before. In fact until the pictures of the Remus creatures, he had always been sceptical of the likelihood of any two species evolving simultaneously in different galactic locations. Yet apparently, there it was, again. 
All eyes turned to him for an explanation.
“He knew all about it…” A man yelled out.
Magellan was extremely cool under pressure; it was that or exhaustion. Shane couldn’t tell. Magellan spoke:
“We knew there was life – plant life, and simple organisms but there was nothing to indicate intelligent life, no…’ many of the people laughed ironically in disbelief. Magellan was not fazed. “… – if in fact that is what we’re looking at. Nature often builds structures using, what we think are exclusively human geometrical patterns. It seems certain structural techniques are universal.”
“Speak English!” a woman yelled. There was scattered laughter.
A man responded, sarcastically, “Oh, so they’re not buildings –they’re just mountains!” There was more widespread laughter at this.
“Mountains of what?” asked the woman, cuing the man. He dutifully responded. 
“Mountains of bullshit!” this was made all the more hilarious because it was what Real People had always wanted to tell Service Officials.
Magellan waited for the hilarity to subside. “In the last 60 odd years of telesync, we attempted contact with 50,000 different communication paradigms but received no response.”
“Whatever they are,” said Shane, “we leave them for now because that’s not our planet.” 
The ship continued on its journey around Romulus and indeed the further they went the more of the square structures they saw. Their fly-by of Romulus soon to be over, Magellan used a telescope projector to provide a close up of one of the structures. The image was projected onto the internal wall of the space ship. Whatever it was, had come out of the landscape itself; from local material - being the same colour as the surrounding rock, hence the initial difficulty in seeing them. Each one was made up of a larger, central square, divided up into many smaller ones. From each corner of the middle square black lines radiated outward to the point where there were 12 external squares, similar to the middle one but slightly smaller. The area between the central square and the external ones was green, with some form of plant life; everyone assumed. 
Although Magellan had neither confirmed nor denied what they were looking at, the general consensus was that they were cities. 
But there was no sign of movement.
“Tonight we head back to Remus and in 75 hours will make contact with our comrades in the fleet. Questions can be answered then. It’s most urgent now that we all rest,” said Alia. 
“Who put you in charge.” It was the comedian again.
“Do you have a problem with that?” asked Alia taking a half step in his direction. The man scratched the back of his neck. 
“Everyone alive on this ship wants us to be settled safely on this beautiful planet as soon as possible. We all want the same thing and your skills and talents will be required in getting there – that means everyone here.” She waved her arm indicating Shane and Magellan. 
After waking up the next day Shane had begun studying the navigational features of the Sapphire and had called for Magellan to join him on the deck. After receiving no response, Shane walked to his apartment, only to find that someone, four or five hours ago had stolen into Magellan’s room, put a pillow over his head and cut his throat.
He called Alia to meet him on the deck and after explaining to her what had happened said: “I want you to find who did this.”
“How? Pretty much everyone wanted to do that. And people have been wandering all over the ship for the last 48 hours...”
“We needed him. He was a good guy,” said Shane.
“He was Service. He had blood on his hands. It was revenge.”
“Well if I find the guy who did it… he’ll be free-styling in zero-gravity.”
“Don’t do it. Let it go.”
“And what if I’m next?” he asked her.
“You’re lucky,” she said stepping close to him. “Lucky you’re popular.” She put a hand up to his chin and took it between her thumb and forefinger. “Lucky I’m looking out for you.” She put her other hand behind his head. His hair had been growing wavier, thicker and lighter, his eyes no longer black, but showing colour. She pulled his face forwards, her tongue slipping in between his lips.
He paused to breath. “We’re really on our own now,” he said, shaking his head. 
Alia kicked the door shut.


CHAPTER 67
The Silent Ships

Over the next day, the gravity of the planet acted like a slingshot on the spaceship and they were flung, back towards the blinding Sirius and passed by its white heat and immense radiation. Most tried to stay cool in their cabins until the worst of it was over – but the news soon spread when they came into view of their new home, Remus.

As they passed around the green planet, out of the glare and into the shadow, they saw 30 other black eggs hanging in space like tadpole eggs –all the ships of Asia and America. To think that there were other people, other human survivors, supporters and helpers on these ships - the sense of danger and doom evaporated.
The American ships were slightly different – more angular in design but in principle, the same. 
And there was the Opal. Communication was attempted immediately. 
They waited. There was no reply. The ship now being on manual thrust; they sidled up to it Realising that no light was emanating from any of the windows – and only very dimly from the Service deck. They received no response.
The same happened with each of the Australian ships – on board all was darkness. 
After physically approaching, ten, eleven, twelve other craft, Shane broadcast the same message: “This is Shane Wing, Nanopean commander of the Sapphire – there has been a great calamity – our Service officers and Nanopean population are deceased - we have human 500 survivors. Please respond.”
The empty sound of space hissed through the speakers. Shane cranked the volume. Tiny crackles could be heard – interference of some kind.
“There’s something there…” said Shane.
“That’s just us,” replied Alia. “Engine noise…” 
They tried again: ships 18, 19, 20 – finding no sign of life. The mood on the Sapphire sank to a new low. 
The ship was manoeuvred sideways, forwards, around and through the remaining vessels which were set in an orbital arc around the planet. 
Shane increased the speaker volume; magnifying the hiss until the sound resonated through every cavity of the ship; their ears straining and catching on every little crackle and tick. 
Ship 21, 22, 23.
Again Shane made the same announcement: “This is Shane Wing, Nanopean…”
He was cut off by a male voice that came hammering through the speakers like a machine gun; a barrage of nasally language, incomprehensible to anyone on board. Despite this, the ship erupted in cries and cheers. It was the first ‘foreign’ voice they had heard since leaving Earth, four years ago.
“What language is that? Vientan?” asked Alia.
“Japanese?” answered Shane.
“Cut in and ask if anyone speaks Contro.”
Shane spoke again. There was a break. Then a sweet voice filled the ship as they were greeted by someone announcing herself as Kumi Subasa. She spoke to them in their language from a ship called the Shonen Blade. 
“Welcome to Sirius.” She said “Am I speaking to Jeffery, Pato or Magellan?” she asked. A low static hiss filled the air and a chill passed through the people on the Star Sapphire at the mentioning of those names. No one made eye contact. Each waited in private apprehension. 
Alia had both hands up to her face and was peering out at Shane from between her fingers. He stared upward, then downward, then at Alia.
“You are speaking to Nanopean Captain Shane Wing. How long have you been waiting?”
“We have been in orbit for fifteen hundred hours…Where is your commander?” The beautiful sweet voice of Kumi Subasa now carried a certain threat.
“There was a disaster in the Eridani void….” said Shane, “… with Nano Enzyme Therapy… I’m the only Nanopean survivor on this ship.”
Again the delay.
“You have sub population of five hundred. How many survive?”
“Five hundred.” Replied Shane.
“We send command module to help your ship. Prepare for boarding.”
The Sapphire erupted in noise. For a moment, Shane and Alia were speechless as they tried to comprehend the implications in the mad rush of panic. People pushed forward, yelling, gesticulating. 
“No, no, no,” Alia murmured quietly. Then more loudly “This isn’t happening…” Then finally she yelled: “Stop! Everybody calm down!” The noise subsided. Shane looked at Alia and said. “If they know Jeffery they’ll know who you are…”
“…and you.” she replied. “Let them know; we don’t want them.”
Shane waved everyone quiet and again announced himself on the radio, saying: 
“A potentially volatile situation has been avoided on our ship but please, do not attempt to board the Star Sapphire. Lofty Mountain Nanopea and the Real people of that area have joined forces.”
Hundreds of individual voices on the Sapphire main deck muttered an agreement, culminating in one organic sound of assent. Alia looked around at the crowd assembled; their faces were pensive but intent. There was no response from the Japanese. Then a few seconds later came the voice: Kumi Subasa, in a measured but inappropriately bright tone: “Please use ETP.”
Agitation rippled through the group.
“Don’t do that,” said Alia. “Let’s start out the way we mean to continue.” 
“How many other survivors are in orbit with us?” asked Shane ignoring Kumi’s request for privacy. She responded. “We were the first to arrive – we had no problem,” said Kumi. “But all ships to follow have shown no sign of life – until you.”
Everyone looked out through the windows trying to identify the Shonen Blade. They lay hidden from the white light of Sirius by the shadow of Remus. They looked through the blackness past a number of other dead ships, some egg-shaped, several cylindrical, most completely dark except for dim external lights. Several ships were still faintly lit inside from what appeared to be the control room. Despite the huge loss of life it seemed the entire fleet had arrived on auto-pilot. 
A murmur went round the Sapphire: “There it is…there it is.” Diamond shaped, but flat in the middle at both top and bottom – The Shonen Blade was appeared closer to them now, moving eerily through the dead hulks. It stood out clearly –bright light emanating from its expansive windows. It was now about several hundred metres away. Many small silhouetted figures could be seen standing at the windows looking toward them. 
Shane spoke: “We wish to work together to continue plans for colonisation of Remus but we seek to maintain our independence to make our own decisions.”
There was no reply.
The Shonen Blade loomed closer on the starboard side and Shane said:
“Prepare to meet the relatives.”

– THE END –



Digital Venous is Richard Gohl’s first novel.
He lives in Adelaide, has written for film 
and stage and is an English teacher.
