
The Stolen Days of John Mann

Part 1 of All The Days of John Mann

By Charles Barrow

Published by Martin C. Payne

Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2014 Charles Barrow

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


Acknowledgements

With love and thanks to Jess, Jane, David, Helena and Drew for their input and encouragement.

Original cover art and design by Jess Davies.


Table of Contents

The Stolen Days of John Mann
Excerpts from The Darkening Days of John Mann
About Charles Barrow
Connect with Charles Barrow 


The Stolen Days of John Mann

Chapter One

‘Dear Lord, Thank you for the food before us, the fire in the grate, and the roof above our head. Please spare those we love and keep us safe from harm. Amen.’

John Mann opened his eyes and placed his hands in his lap as David and Helen repeated the blessing. The boy turned in his seat to face Mann.

‘You changed the words Father.’ He has his mother’s bright eyes, thought Mann.

‘David.’ This was a rebuke from his mother.

‘The boy is right.’ Said Mann.

‘Why’d you change them?’ Asked David.

‘Prayer doesn’t lose its aim because I change some words.’

‘God still hears you?’

‘Always. We should never be afraid of straying from familiar paths to find new ones, even when we’re told there is only one way forward.’

David looked puzzled, ‘But Mrs Ginty says…’

‘That’s enough son, eat your supper.’ Helen levelled a firm look at Mann. ‘It’s best we don’t have talk that runs counter to David’s schooling.’

‘Forgive me, I meant no complication. It’s the hunger addled my thinking, but this food looks to fix that.’ Mann offered the olive branch and Helen accepted it with a smile.

They started to eat in silence, a simple meal of rabbit, potatoes and cabbage. He knew how hard she would have worked to get this meal to the table. She reared her own rabbits and grew her own crops. The town, of course, took a share of what she produced, for the Common Table. He’d watched her butcher two rabbits with a cleaver earlier but only one had been cooked. After dinner she would carefully complete the necessary docket to accompany the other rabbit to town tomorrow. The food is very good and he is ravenous. He wishes he could have contributed more than the firewood that both cooked the meal and crackles in the stove now. He’s worried he is too warm, he feels a flush on his cheek, and a trickle of sweat running down between his shoulder blades, its saltiness stinging his sore, abraded skin.

He glances at Helen and David. They are unaware of his discomfort, but he knows she is not unaware of his gaze. He thinks again how handsome she is, worn down by hard work and worry certainly but she is strong and resourceful. The shadows thrown by the candles soften the lines on her face and the candle glow gives warmth to her skin. He allows his gaze to travel down the curve of her neck to the shining locket at her throat, and then down further still.

David clatters his cutlery down on his plate and brings Mann’s thoughts quickly back to the table. He feels immediate shame for the thoughts he’d been having and, as penance, he lowers his cutlery too, his meal unfinished. His body is desperate for the food but she’ll be able to put his uneaten vegetables back into the pot. She immediately looks concerned.

‘You didn’t like the food?’

‘It was very good. Better than I deserve.’ Mann runs his finger around the inside of his high collar. He finds it especially tight and restricting tonight.

‘Are you unwell? You look feverish and there is sweat on your brow. May I?’ She reaches out her hand to press the back of it against his forehead. It is a mother’s gesture towards a sick child. With a loud scrape of his chair Mann moves suddenly away to avoid her touch. Mother and son are both startled by his swift reaction.

Helen is immediately embarrassed, ‘I’m sorry I…’

‘No.’ he interrupts, ‘I’m sorry. I meant no alarm.’

The boy looks from his mother to Mann and back again. She pulls her shawl more tightly around her, ‘David it’s nearly eight is the radio ready?’ The boy is still confused by what has just occurred. ‘David?’ His mother’s voice is firmer this time. The boy jumps up and retrieves the small radio from a side table and begins to wind it, she stands up and begins to gather the dirty plates together, Mann moves to help.

‘Thank you Father, I can manage.’

‘I should at least wash the dishes.’

‘You are a guest here, please settle yourself and I’ll bring you tea.’ Mann withdraws a little and puts his awkward hands in his coat pockets. She turns away from him and heaps the dishes in the sink. He hadn’t meant to push her away so harshly. Yes he had, he would always have to push people away, especially the ones he might want to hold close. He should never have stayed here for a second day. The tense silence is broken only by the delicate chink of cups and saucers as Helen sets out the china. A squall of fat raindrops suddenly rattles against the windowpane.

‘I hope the signal holds in the heavy weather.’ She says because the silence needs to be filled.

‘It will Ma, they’ve been working up Grove Point again.’

‘Well the last time they fixed that mast we lost signal for three days. I had to ask neighbours for broadcast updates, luckily we missed nothing too important.’

‘We missed three episodes of Ahab.’ Groaned David.

Helen’s laugh is melodic and immediately settles them all. She turns to Mann, ‘The tea is mint I hope that’s ok? Or I have chamomile in the dry store if you’d rather.’

‘Mint is good. Thank you.’ Mann replied. He takes the third chair by the radio as he’d done on the previous evening, just as the clock strikes eight. The boy switches on the small set and a few moments of static crackle fill the room before the last few chimes of Big Ben sound.

‘We’re fast again Ma.’

‘That’s a job for you tomorrow then.’ Helen smiled at her son as she handed him his hot tea, and he straightened up as he accepted it from her, along with the trust of righting the clock. He’ll grow up straight and tall, Mann decided. He accepted his own cup from Helen and settled back in the chair as the broadcast began and the honeyed voice, serious but warm and calm, issued from the radio, encouraging them to celebrate 130 days since the last outbreak in the sector, but warning against complacency. Mann mentally tuned out the broadcast after this, he could relax for a while. The rest of the broadcast would be full of the usual medical updates, food distribution news, and appeals for labour. Mann’s thoughts wandered.

He marvelled at how Helen kept home and body and soul together and raised the boy on her own. He’d seen many parents derail and their children go to the bad. He cast his gaze beyond the circle of flickering light they sat in. A line of clothing stretched through the room beyond the kitchen, like a string of dowdy bunting. Jumpers, scarves and socks all pegged to dry, all the same nettle green from the dye she’d extracted from the stinging plants in her garden. In the spare room upstairs, where Mann had slept last night, he’d seen the bottled fruit and jams she’d put down too. She’d done well to keep her home and land on the fringe of town, despite the housing surplus. The authorities must know she made good use of her resources as they benefited too.

She clicked her tongue against her teeth and drew his attention, ‘They’ll wring us sorely with the winter rationing,’ she said, ‘They risk the people resenting such terms.’ He made to reply when she suddenly turned her head towards the back door, listening to something above the sound of the radio.

Mann put his cup down, ‘What is it?’

She turned to him, worry scudding across her face like a dark cloud. Her eyes flicked to David and back. ‘David will you fetch my work basket from the bedroom.’

‘Oh Ma, Ahab’s about to start.’

‘Quicker gone, sooner back.’ Her voice brooked no argument. David took a small candle and disappeared from the room. Mann repeated his question.

‘Someone, outside, attempting a quiet approach.’ She replied. Mann looked at her quizzically. ‘There’s been trouble in town before. I scatter gravel on all the paths.’ She rose and crossed to the sink, reached to peer through the curtains.

Mann raised his hand, ‘Don’t.’ He turned the radio down. He whispered, ‘Who gave trouble?’

‘Gangs’. She appeared to fold in on herself. ‘I hear such stories. I fear they may come for David.’ Her words were barely audible but they chilled Mann’s heart.

David called from the top of the stairs ‘Can’t find it Ma.’

‘Keep looking son.’ Mann called back. They heard David’s footsteps recede. Mann reached for Helen’s hand, ‘The boy will be safe, I promise.’

Helen looked uncertain, ‘How?’

‘With God’s grace.’ Mann said.

The sound of splintering wood suddenly tore at their ears as the kitchen door parted from its hinges, falling inwards with a rush of air that extinguished most of the candles set about the room. Mann was immediately alert as three armed men entered through the shattered frame. He took in their guns at a glance. Two he recognized as old war pistols and the third was of a curious design that he couldn’t place. One thing was sure, if they held ammunition this wasn’t a hick operation, and yet it didn’t quite tell of military either.

The furthest intruder was thick set and lumbering, and the middle one was small, very alert, a bald man with a hooked nose. Of the three men the nearest moved most like a trained man, he had a white blonde beard, was lean and muscled and carried at least three knives sheathed at his belt as well as the curious gun. He is the danger here for sure, thought Mann. He backed Helen into a corner behind him, she held fast to his arm, he hoped David had the sense to take a quick route from the house. The bald one spoke. ‘I want your names.’ Mann detected a slight accent, second gen European probably.

‘This is Helen and I’m Father Adam Moore. We are alone here.’

‘Father Adam Moore. Ok then, lying Adam Moore, there is a third, a boy.’

‘You’ll not take him.’ Shouted Helen and made to push forward but Mann restrained her.

‘You’ll keep a civil tongue for your own good.’ The bearded one warned.

‘Don’t threaten us Mister.’

For an odd moment Mann thought he’d spoken his own thoughts aloud but then realised to his horror that the voice was David’s, the boy had materialised from the shadows in the corner of the kitchen, shouldering a shotgun that dwarfed him. Mann took a step forward to put himself between the men and the boy, but too late. The sharp crack of a pistol reverberated around the room and David fell. Helen screamed and pushed past Mann and ran to where David lay. Mann registered that it was the small one who had fired the shot, before rushing himself to kneel beside Helen. He saw the blood seeping from a wound in the boy’s shoulder and felt beneath him. His hand came up wet with more blood, the bullet had passed clean through. Helen was frantic in her attempts to staunch the flow of David’s blood using her apron to blot his wound. Her desperate eyes locked with Mann’s. He noted the fallen shotgun nearby, he doubted it was loaded but hoped she wouldn’t attempt anything. He’d deal with this and he didn’t want her at risk.

‘Leave the boy.’ Shouted the small gunman, ‘Back to your feet.’

‘He needs a Doctor.’ Screamed Helen.

‘I can put him beyond all help.’

Helen made to argue but Mann hushed her as he climbed to his feet and pulled her after him. She was quaking and he knew it wasn’t just fear, there was much anger in her too. He didn’t know how this would play out now, but whatever came next he’d have to be ready to respond.

The dart thudded into his chest before he even heard the clack of it leaving the gun. The shock of seeing it stunned him for a moment. The curious gun that the bearded one still had levelled at him had held a stun dart. He should have reasoned that. His blood ran cold at the thought of blacking out. Helen’s frantic concern brought his focus back. The small gunman was moving towards them with a length of rope.

Mann’s hackles rose. This surely wasn’t about the boy anymore, it weighed all wrong, but he couldn’t afford to be bound and helpless, however the pieces fell. He clutched at Helen as if he suddenly needed support. ‘Push me away like you fear me.’ He hissed in her ear, ‘Then cover your face.’ She played her part well. As if panicked, Helen pushed hard at his chest, propelling him backwards, even as she fell on top on David.

My advantage, Mann thought, as he span around to collide with the advancing intruder, is that they never expect a preacher to attack. He parried the man’s gun hand and slipped easily around behind him, encircling his waist with one arm and cinching it tight, forcing all the air out of his captive’s lungs. Mann then spat into the palm of his free hand and clamped it over the gunman’s nose and mouth.

Pandemonium broke out as the other two men began shouting and waving their weapons. Their threats and curses filled the air but Mann tuned them out and focused on the man in his grip. He began to mouth a silent prayer as he felt the gunman gulp in a deep and ragged breath and start to struggle out of his hold. Time slowed to a crawl for Mann as he held his hand clamped in position for five, six, seven more seconds before the gunman broke free. Time enough, thought Mann. The gunman steadied himself against the table, his chest heaving, his face flushed. He shouted something Mann didn’t catch and made to lift his pistol but then confusion suddenly flashed in his eyes and he dropped his weapon and clutched at his throat with both hands. He choked once and his body began to heave as he fought for a lungful of air.

Mann had seen this many times, didn’t need to watch another man die by his hand. He turned his attention to the other intruders. The bearded one was the next obvious target, even though the larger one still held a gun. Mann saw panic and fear play across their faces. They couldn’t tear their eyes away from their accomplice who was on his knees now, gasping and choking, arms flailing.

The man with the beard suddenly felt the heat of Mann’s stare and returned it fearfully. Mann wrenched the dart free from the thick webbing of his undershirt, dropped it to the floor and crushed it underfoot. The man drew one of his knives and screamed at him in a language he couldn’t peg. Mann shrugged and spat into his palm again and advanced on his adversary who looked horrified and circled away to his left.

Suddenly a new sound claimed Mann’s focus and he turned his head to see Helen on her feet by the downed gunman. She was invoking her son’s name and she was alight with rage. She had the cleaver in her hand and Mann watched in horror as she raised it above her head to strike.

Don’t. He thought. He will be dead inside the minute. His death is my cross to carry, not yours.

Another crack of gunfire shattered his thoughts even as the bullet took Helen between the eyes. Dark blood laced across the wall behind her and she dropped to the floor, like a puppet with cut strings. Mann howled until his breath was gone, but the howl echoed on in his head.

He turned murderous eyes on the big gunman who had now trained his still smoking pistol on Mann. As Mann took a step towards him he began to retreat, shouting out to the bearded one for help. Mann understood nothing but a name, Gunnar.

‘Another step and you’ll follow that woman to hell.’ The bearded one, Gunnar, stepped into Mann’s field of vision and Mann was appalled to see the limp body of David slung over his shoulder as he edged towards his large accomplice and the doorway. Gunnar shouted ‘Barge, take the boy.’ And the big man easily relieved him of David in return for his gun, which Gunnar levelled at Mann. They both now held their free hands cupped over their faces.

‘Leave the boy.’ growled Mann.

‘He is insurance against you following.’

‘Oh I’ll follow,’ hissed Mann, ‘and I pray you are there when I find him.’

Unnerved and unsure, the two intruders backed slowly towards the shattered doorframe. Mann suddenly jack-knifed his body and sent a gob of spit sailing towards them. The distance was too great and it fell short landing on Barge’s thigh. Mann heard him yelp as Gunnar dragged him backwards through the opening and out into the night.

Mann stood trembling as he surveyed the carnage in the room. The dead gunman, the pool of David’s blood and Helen’s ruined body. On the radio Captain Ahab had sighted the white whale.



Chapter Two

Last night’s rain dripped from the leaves as Mann made his way through the trees. The sun warmed the air, turning the moisture to vapour. Water welled up around his boots as he padded over the sodden grass, the summer rains had been more fierce than usual this year, the rivers still ran high and madly, and many fields lay under standing water.

He’d had to leave his car to void his stomach into a ditch. A common enough reaction to the violence he’d seen, even hours after the event. A short walk in the silent woods to clear his head had seemed the thing. In truth his threat to hunt the men had been hollow until he knew which way they had flown. He believed David strong enough to survive his wound, he just hoped the men thought him useful enough to nurse back to health.

He passed an abandoned shack standing doorstep deep in water. Some still chose to live in isolation out in the woods. He thought them fools to live apart from company through choice. And bigger fools for pitching homes on low lying land.

He reached a fallen tree trunk and settled himself down upon it, his body ached for sleep and his muscles protested as he sat. He removed his hat and placed it gently beside him. He’d spent half the night digging Helen’s grave beneath an old willow in a field behind her house. As he’d piled the earth on top of her body he’d muttered every prayer he knew for her soul, but mostly he’d whispered apologies for not protecting her and David. He had promised her, before God, to keep her son from harm and he’d fallen short, so as he’d knelt at her grave he had vowed to find the boy and bring him home to where his mother lay. He’d left the gunman unburied because his ghost deserved no rest.

He ran the sounds and images of the previous evening through his mind again. The straight view was that the men had come for David, they had after all made off with him, though their methods were crook. The dart could have been intended for the boy and when that became unnecessary Gunnar used it on him, the meanest threat in the room. Simple. But there was another telling that troubled him. It was a hunted man’s take on events but the through story was that they had indeed come for him, though there was no answering the question of how they’d known he was there, or why they had worn no masks?

No matter he had no answers now, the fact was that two lives had been lost last night. He knew not how others coped with taking life but when he’d been cornered into doing it himself it always sickened him and each time, he knew, a small part at the heart of him hardened to stone. And his greatest fear was that eventually there’d be no place left for the guilt and remorse to live.

He stood and began to make his way back to the car. The sun on his back had ignited the intense burning irritation of his webbing undershirt and for once he was glad of it. The torment reminded him of the bitter constraints of his life but it also proved there was feeling inside him yet.

Three hours later, Mann edged the Beetle down a dirt track, avoiding the worst of the water filled potholes. The desolate fields to left and right showed no signs of life bar the jackdaws picking over the ground. At the end of the track he drew up in a courtyard surrounded by an old farmhouse, a broken down barn and some out buildings. This place was the closest he knew to a home, and outside the farmhouse stood Keen and Amir, the closest people he had to family. There was a broad smile of her face and a ghost of one on his. Mann climbed out of the car and threw a brace of rabbits to Amir who caught them with an appreciative nod. Keen ran fast to Mann and threw her arms around him in a fierce embrace, ‘John,’ she laughed, ‘I knew you would come today.’



Chapter Three

The Communications room is a hive of activity. Like a bunker, there are no windows and only one heavily guarded door. The unchanging air is stale, and abuzz with chatter. A dozen green uniformed men and women bustle about the place carrying yellowing index cards while a bank of six operators sit wearing headphones in front of Morse code machines, either tapping out messages or listening to incoming code. Two higher ranked radio operators busy themselves in a glass-panelled booth at one end of the room.

The dim, low volt lighting flickers and there is a collective intake of breath as everyone pauses to see whether the generator will kick back in or whether the lights will die again. There is a mumbled cheer as they crackle back to life accompanied now by a low, insistent hum.

Private Daniel Vincent is 24 years old and this is his third day on active duty in the Comms room. He graduated top of his class at Longmoor, showing a natural aptitude for telegraphy, hence the special assignment in Comms as Russell’s personal aide. He can sense her behind him now and she’s making him nervous. He’s yet to hear her actually speak. When he was introduced to her she simply looked at him once, fixing his face in her memory for future reference. She is American and he’s still only ever heard an American voice on the radio. His personal goal is to elicit some thanks from her, a few words of praise for a job well done. Andrews in the seat beside him thinks this proves his mind isn’t on the job but on personal glory and will be his fall, but Andrews is a bum sniffer.

The tension in her body is palpable, he feels it like an electric current on the nape of his neck. The concentrated stillness of her gives her more weight and authority than anyone else in the room, even though she is easily the most slight.

Suddenly Vincent’s headphones are alive with the clatter of code, a short burst of confirmation in reply to the urgent demand he’d tapped out only a minute before. He notes it down exactly as given. He removes his headphones, spins around in his chair and jumps to his feet to face Russell. He holds out the message slip towards her as all the noise in the room falls away.

‘We have verification of original message Ma’am. Body found, male Caucasian. No more than ten hours since infection. No local outbreak in surrounding town or villages. An isolated incident.’ Vincent strives to keep the note of triumph out of his voice.

Her gaze skewers him as she takes the paper from his moist fingers and, without a word she turns and marches from the room.

Vincent collapses back into his seat. The room is still silent and all eyes are focused on him, in a troubling way. It takes him two blinks to realise why. What had he been thinking, reading the message to the room when it was meant for her eyes alone? His worried gaze flickers to Andrews beside him, but Andrews has turned his back. The whole room has done the same, cut him adrift like he has the choke. Captain Miller is already making her way, grim faced, to where he sits. He feels sick, he’ll be busted back to clerical within the hour, he knows.

Outside the Comms room door, Russell takes a moment to scan the message slip again before heading at speed down the gloomy corridor to her office. Once inside she crosses swiftly to the large map on the wall, studded with multi-coloured pins. She selects a new red pin and pushes it firmly into the map, right into the heart of the town where Mann’s trail had once again sparked to life. She has had to be patient, very patient. It had been ten years since she’d last seen him, three years and eighteen days since his last confirmed activity. There were dark moments when she feared he might be dead, as everyone else believed him to be, but she had kept faith with him.

She focused hard on the map, on the place he’d just been as if she could animate the town streets he’d walked and see him in miniature, follow his trail. She tapped the red pin with her finger, ‘Welcome back John.’ she whispered.



Chapter Four

‘Barge?’

Mann shrugged, ‘He was the size of one.’

‘Gunnar is a Scandinavian name, by the way, if that will help to track him.’ Keen said.

Mann nodded, ‘I’ll have to track him to find David.’

‘Will the boy have survived such a wound?’ Keen said anxiously, ‘The bastards won’t have sourced a Doctor, they’d have let his life leak away.’

‘I have to believe he’s not in the ground.’ Mann said.

‘Were they chancers after the child, or were you the target?’ Amir asked.

‘It played like they came for David but I can reason it to be about me. Things moved fast, all was confusion.’

‘If not military then what, and how would they know you were there?’ Keen asked.

Mann shrugged and then a dark shadow settled over his face, ‘I had thought my days of ending life were over.’

‘They were soldiers of fortune, they knew the risks.’ Said Amir.

‘One thing is certain, you left a body so you’re back on the grid.’ Added Keen, 'I’ll scan the frequencies, speak to contacts, see if there have been any unusual spikes in the chatter. They have their moles and squealers but so do we.’

‘Don’t ask any loud questions.’ Mann warned, ‘Don’t bring anyone running to your door. I couldn’t live with myself.’

‘Then don’t track the boy, John.’

‘I promised his mother I’d keep him safe.’

A gloomy silence settled for a while as they buried themselves deeper in blankets before the beech wood fire, watching the smoke drift up from Amir’s tallow candles.

‘Do the military have the tech now to track me?’ Mann asked.

‘Unlikely.’ Keen assured him, ‘They have all the hardware still but not the expertise or the computing power on anything like the scale needed to make use of it. We think their internal DataWeb now links all departments in an area and that should give them the ability to share information quite efficiently.’

‘When the electricity holds,’ Amir added with a laugh, ‘we know of some committed to cutting their cables whenever they can.’

‘We guess at their capabilities really. They are skilled at plugging leaks and we know they put out false information to mislead us into thinking they hear and see all. Some believe they are as blind as bats, others that they are on the verge of re-harnessing all the old tech and bringing the world back as it was.’

‘As long as they bring back coffee too.’ Said Amir.

‘I never tasted that.’ Keen said.

‘I did once. It kept me up all night.’ Replied Amir.

‘Mmmm.’ Teased Keen. Amir laughed and squeezed her thigh.

‘Time I turned in.’ Said Mann.



Chapter Five

All Hallows was their favourite celebration, it was one of very few opportunities for all the local youngsters to come together in one place without chaperone. Many old folk thought it was inappropriate to hold a festival of the dead but then they’d been young in darker times and now perhaps saw death’s face behind them every time they looked in a mirror. True even John and his friends had shied away from celebrating two years previously when an outbreak of the choke had killed 18 people in a village not 40 miles distant in the week before the big night. But being young the possibility of sudden death seemed remote and 40 miles was, after all, two day’s walk away.

As the oldest group amongst the youngsters it had fallen to him and his friends to organise the party. He, Tom and the other boys had spent all day carving Jack O’Lanterns and moving hay bales while the girls had been preparing food, and Jonas Pike’s cousin had promised to secretly source three bottles of Barb wine that he said lived up to the name this year.

The barn on Tom’s father’s farm was the chosen venue, after pledges were made to keep naked flames and hay bales a goodly distance apart, and lectures about improper behaviour, keeping masks on and strangers out had been endured. The parents would be gathering in the farmhouse nearby and would know immediately if things were getting out of hand.

John thought this year’s party the best he’d known and the thought was tinged with a sweet nostalgia as it was probably the last year he’d be involved. He’d just turned 16 and would soon be responsible for his own piece of land and there’d already been talk of him finding a wife. He’d have far too many responsibilities then to indulge in snap-apple and guising from door to door for treats. He’d see the evening out in the farmhouse with the adults next year.

Two hours into the party and masks were down. Tom and he had been conniving to get Anna Thomas and Gillian Hand to dance with them. Neither lad cared to dance but both cared very much about getting their arms around some pretty girls. And this seemed a certainty during the whirl of a dance. Tom couldn’t understand why the music gave them licence to do something that otherwise the girls denied them. It was one of those mysterious rules that girls invented and boys just couldn’t fathom. John didn’t care much why it was and swallowed another belt of Barb wine that, he found, was making his teeth ache.

His head felt light and he was a bit disorientated from the din of the music, the stamping feet and the flickering shadows from the ghoulish pumpkin heads placed about. Friends were shouting into each other’s faces just to be heard. He scanned the room and spotted a scrawny girl slipping in through the latch door behind him. It could be William Dunn’s younger sister but he couldn’t be sure in this light. Still, the watch was out on the roads so the chances she was a wandering stranger were thin. She’d probably just crept outside to be sick. He certainly wouldn’t make that mistake again this year. Tom appeared all at once beside him with Gillian in tow. He looked sweaty and she looked pleased with herself. If Tom had claimed a kiss from her John would be hot with envy. Tom had once kissed Susan Jenks too. Everyone had kissed Susan Jenks except for John, she had spurned him with a snort because he had whiskers on his top lip and she said that kissing him would be like kissing her Uncle. John had been immensely proud of those few dark hairs until they had bilked him out of his first kiss.

Anna was nearby now and she and Gillian were giggling behind their hands, he hoped it wasn’t about his whiskers. He put his hand to his top lip defensively. Tom dug him hard in the ribs and smirked at him. His ribs sang out in protest and he rubbed at them wondering if he had time to run outside and pee before he’d be expected to dance.

He was first aware of the commotion behind him, then off to his right. A tremor ran through the barn like an icy blast of wind. The music stopped and a few cries of warning went up and then a rush of panic followed, accompanied by the rustle and snap of masks and mufflers being pulled into place. It was a routine drilled into them all as toddlers and something they’d learned to dread since they was old enough to understand anything at all. Drills in the schoolroom, an innocent cough in the market square, a traveller spotted in a field nearby, no one ever got used to the fearful panic. Everyone had shuffled a few paces away from their neighbour as if putting a body length of clear space around them self was barrier enough. He heard a whimper, probably one of the younger children.

He glanced frantically around the barn to see dozens of pairs of eyes alive with fright and suspicion doing the same. Everyone was still standing, no one looked to be in distress. Surely a false alarm then. The redheaded boy on stage had even taken up his fiddle again and had begun to saw out a tune.

A blink, two blinks passed and then he saw her half hidden by some bales, the latch door girl lying prone. He span around to warn Tom at the same moment Tom caught ahold of his arm with a grip that made him twist it away in pain and alarm. Tom’s face was warped in panic as he clawed at his mask, Anna too was flailing and Gillian was already down on all fours.

So fast, why was it happening so fast? He felt a wave of heat pass through him, a burning flush filled his head until he thought it would burst open. His skin prickled as rivers of sweat coursed down from his scalp and his mouth began to fill with too much drool to swallow. He choked on it. He wrenched off his muffler to let the saliva spill down his chin while he gasped for air. He sank to his knees and willed away the panic, he’d never draw breath if the panic filled his chest. Beyond the roaring of blood in his ears he heard chokes and cries of friends falling around him. Tom and Anna now lay writhing in front of him. He pissed his trousers. He was dimly aware that the barn doors were open and masked adults stood on the threshold, shouting and screaming but not daring to enter. Then his throat clamped shut and he sank into a hot and fearful darkness.



Chapter Six

Mann woke with a cry wrenched from deep inside his chest. He kicked to be free of the sodden sheets that wrapped him tight. The bedroom door flew open and Keen appeared holding a lighted lamp.

‘The dream?’

Mann nodded and fought to catch his breath. Keen moved to the bed and Mann stopped her with a raised hand. ‘I’m wet with sweat.’

‘I’m not afraid of you.’ Keen placed the lamp on the night-stand.

‘You should be.’

‘It’s hard to be scared of a man when you’ve washed his rump.’

Mann grimaced, ‘Where’s my undershirt?’ he said.

‘Still drying, we laundered your clothes.’

He lifted pleading eyes to hers and with a sigh she left the room. Mann sat breathing deeply, calming himself. When Keen returned she handed him the vest.

‘You still panic without it.’

Mann struggled to pull on the stiff, rough garment, remembering the punch of the dart it had baffled. He saw Keen eyeing the raw skin across his shoulders and chest. ‘It keeps my temperature high. It keeps me safe.’

‘It makes you unhappy.’ Keen sighed. She reached out her hand to stroke the webbing of the vest and he felt her cool, sweet breath on his face, ‘You wear it like armour, not for your hide but for your heart.’

Mann placed his hand over Keen’s. ‘Remember Ursula?’

Keen stiffened, ‘Pah, Bug Hunter.’

Mann’s face fell and Keen regretted her words. ‘I’m sorry. I should never have said that.’

‘No, you are right.’ Mann tenderly brushed a tangle of auburn curls away from Keen’s face and whispered, ‘Her ghost serves to remind me, always, to have a care around you.’

‘Party?’ Mann and Keen both jumped at the sound of Amir’s voice and turned together to see him standing in the doorway. Keen stood quickly and moved to Amir’s side.

‘He had the dream again.’ She said.

‘I gathered.’ He replied.

She smiled sadly at Mann and then she led Amir from the room.

Mann wouldn’t sleep again so he wrapped himself in a blanket and headed out into the garden, where the dream nagged at him until he ran it again in his mind, beyond the point that had broken his sleep.

He had awoken back then beneath a damp sheet. He could barely move for the pain that wracked him each time he drew a breath, the weight pressing down on his chest had been unbearable, so he lay for a while not daring to move, trying to make sense of his surroundings.

He was naked and he was lying on a sacking sheet on the ground. There were lots of dim lights overhead, he could see them through the weave of the cloth over his face, and he was sure the room he was in must be large, very large. There were faint sounds coming from beyond walls that he could tell were some distance away. It was cold, and there was an unpleasant stink lurking beneath the smell of his own rank sweat. He had a burning thirst that made it difficult to swallow and as he reached a hand up to his parched lips he felt a crust of dried saliva over his mouth and chin. Fragments of the party suddenly flashed before his eyes and as the memories returned his panic rose like bile in his throat. He sat up suddenly and the sheet fell away as the spin in his head made him retch.

There were shrouded bodies on the floor all around him, in rows stretching away to the walls of what looked to be a warehouse with corrugated metal walls. He jumped to his feet, swaying and breathing hard, clutching the sheet to his waist. He caught the smell of wood smoke in the air. He knew just where he was and what was happening here but he desperately searched for another answer he could make fit. He stepped over to the nearest shroud, it would make sense they’d be closest to him. He pulled the sheet back to stare at Anna’s livid, blue tinged face. Beyond her he found Jonas Pike and three bodies to his left Tom. Hot tears filled his eyes and a sob burst from his mouth. They’d all been brought here from the barn, they thought him dead too, how was he not? He must get out. He clamped his hand over his nose and mouth and began to back into a far corner, shouting for help.

Behind him a harsh squeal of metal signalled huge doors being swung inwards, he span around at the sound to see two masked men in uniform enter the warehouse. Beyond them, in the dim daylight he could see the massive pyre, already burning, built to consume the dead.

Thank God, he thought, and began to leap over the bodies in his haste to reach the doors. Both soldiers had levelled their guns at him and ordered him to stop or they would cut him in half with their bullets.

Keen joined Mann in the garden, he was sitting beneath the apple tree, watching two ravens soaring high over the woods.

‘Do they still pay out the bounty on them?’ He asked.

‘I used to bring them down with my slingshot.’ Keen replied.

‘In France they are said to be the souls of wicked priests.’

They sat for a few minutes in silence. Keen shivered, ‘Come, Amir has a patch for you.’



Chapter Seven

Amir lay down the inked bamboo needle and washed his hands in a bowl of hot water. Mann pressed a wad of cotton to the beads of blood on his forearm then studied the curious marks Amir had tattooed into him. He could make no sense of them they were simply the latest glyphs in a string of code that ran up and down his, and everyone else’s, arm detailing inoculations.

‘Keen and I got ours in Shale so best you stick to that.’

Mann nodded, ‘Any chance it was a true one this time?’

‘Don’t get spun by the broadcasts, John, you know full well there is no vaccine. But it makes the Government look good and gives the people hope.’

Keen entered the room. ‘There is talk of a Cobra.’

Mann frowned, ‘As I was known?’

Keen nodded, ‘The chatter was coded but that word sang out clearly. It’s hard to reason any other cause than you.’

‘And too timely to be coincidence.’

‘Unless there’s a real cobra free and about.’ Amir chimed in, ‘Which is unlikely I’ll grant you.’

‘Who is talking and who are they talking to?’ Asked Mann.

‘I reason that the talk is in response to a message that went out two days ago. It sparked a flurry of excitement then and what I heard was the echoes of rumours still circulating. It streams from Brighton.’

‘A nest of vipers.’ Said Amir, ‘It follows.’

Mann stood, ‘Then that’s where I have to head.’

‘No point trying to talk you out of such folly?’ Said Keen.

Mann shook his head firmly.

Amir stood, ‘Then you’ll need goods to trade.’

Amir left the room. Keen looked concerned, ‘There’s no guarantee this talk is about you. There’s no guarantee this Gunnar is in Brighton, or that he still has David, or…’

‘I made a promise before God. Do we still have a contact there?’

Keen sighed in resignation. ‘Treader.’ She passed him a slip of paper with an address noted down. ‘He has a set if you need to contact us.’

‘You trust him?’

‘No. You never met him but he played a part in hiding us after we sprung you. Don’t think to be grateful, he was paid well and he’ll expect payment this time too.’

‘And if someone else pays more?’

Outside the day promised rain from the dark clouds massing on the horizon. Amir brought out three more boxes to load into the boot of Mann’s car.

‘You’ve tinctures, balms and powders. Don’t take less than a treatment is worth. If they can’t pay don’t offer it.’ Amir gave Mann a stern look, ‘Supplies are low and our profits dip every time you’re gulled by a rheumatic widow.’ Amir turned back into the house and passed Keen on her way out to Mann. She pressed several small plastic cases into his hand. He recognised them in a moment. He lifted the lid of one to reveal a neat row of micro-syringes.

‘Brighton’s worse than when we knew it.’ She said ‘Lawless and run by a mafia, even the military seem to have turned their back.’

Mann looked at the small darts. ‘I swore not to carry these again.’

‘Well you’ve sworn to track a dead boy since.’

Mann smiled ruefully.

‘Fill them and keep them close. For me.’

‘For you?’

‘I’d press a gun on you but I know you won’t take it.’ Keen looked into Mann’s lined face. ‘I should have trimmed your whiskers while I had the chance.’

Mann pulled his thick green muffler up to his nose. ‘Haven’t you heard I spit poison?’

They were still laughing when Amir reappeared with a dozen candles to add to the stash in the car boot. ‘An evening of grim with us and then funny as you leave? Your visiting skills need polish John Mann.’



Chapter Eight

‘With respect Sir…’

‘Doctor Russell,’ Colonel Smith’s rough voice cut easily through Russell’s. ‘It can’t have escaped your notice that food riots are threatening all over this zone and such manpower as I have is needed for more immediate problems.’

‘A unit, Sir, is all I ask.’

‘To chase a ghost.’

‘One isolated victim, no chain of infection, no outbreak. His work is as unique as his fingerprints and his fingerprints were all over the body that was discovered, he has far more heft than a ghost I assure you.’

‘You suggest he infects people deliberately?’ Smith seemed surprised.

She realised she may have been selling this wrong, perhaps there was a soldier lurking somewhere inside Smith’s old carcass after all. ‘John Mann is dangerous Colonel, it’s not too fanciful to think of him as a weapon, especially if he were to fall into the wrong hands.’

Smith was lost in thought for a moment. ‘How is it that Mann survived exposure, Doctor?’

‘Colonel, it’s a complicated tale of physiology and pathogenesis.’

He gave her a fierce look, ‘Then indulge me Madam. And in plain English.’

‘Sir. There are survivors of exposure to any given outbreak, this is common else the human race would have died out when the virus spilled over, made the leap. That doesn’t mean these people remain immune though. The virus mutates often now and a new strain of it will bloom in time that will finish them when it enters their orbit. John, however, perpetually manifests symptoms of a strain that is incredibly virulent and kills others in moments, but he himself never succumbs.’

Smith pulled at a loose thread on his sleeve, ‘And you don’t know why.’

‘No. I was unable to establish why he should be immune to exposure. He was an adolescent when I last studied him and, hormonally speaking, a landscape in flux and that made it difficult to get a fix on his unique biology or to generate a viable vaccine from him. But he’ll have matured now and the virus he generates may possibly have stabilised into something I could produce a serum from. That is why it is so important that we locate him.’

Smith fixed Russell with a hard stare. ‘You think anyone would view assigning resources to such work as credible after the catastrophic failure of AG5?’

Her anger flared, few beside she herself still kept faith with the idea of a vaccine. ‘You see doing nothing as an option?’

‘I think Madam, that if we fail to find enough food to see three thousand locals through the winter then we’ll have no need of your vaccine.’ Smith suddenly felt very weary. If what Russell said were true, why hadn’t the Government or his predecessors either trapped or terminated Mann years ago? How had this woman and her quarry suddenly become his headache? ‘You don’t seem to hold out any hope that we can otherwise outrun this thing. Out flank it. Move beyond it.’

‘None whatsoever Colonel.’ She didn’t hesitate to be blunt because he didn’t deserve a honeyed vision of the future.

Smith sighed, ‘So you once had this…this saviour of the human race locked away safe Doctor and then you lost him.’

‘He was sprung by a terrorist cell. A young nurse here…’

Smith stopped listening. The woman riled him beyond endurance. She took responsibility for nothing, and it irritated him that he had no direct authority over her, outside of an emergency. And she clearly enjoyed someone’s patronage, perhaps someone in Whitehall, and the fact that she was a Yank probably meant there were working links with Washington too and he certainly wasn’t going to war against both Governments much as he wanted rid of her. Besides, deep down she scared him. She chose to lock herself away with every known strain of the virus and that alone made her little more than a lunatic by his reckoning and potentially a dangerous enemy. But what if she did manage to brew up a vaccine and it came to light that all he’d done was run interference? What if this fugitive really was some kind of magic bullet and was recaptured on his watch? There was promotion in that for certain, perhaps up and out of this Facility, perhaps even as far as London. He’d have to throw her a big enough bone to keep her happy but out of his hair. His attention was caught by a plea.

‘Please Colonel, a small team is all I ask.’ She had said this through gritted teeth, she’d never had to beg for anything in her life. ‘He has to be found and brought in. Whether I find a vaccine or no, that’s on my head, but he has to be taken out of circulation and made secure back in the Facility. Under your command, Sir, to your credit.’

Ah, he thought, now we dance to the same reel.

Russell careered down the corridors back towards her office, and general staff scurried out of her path as if an ill wind blew before her. I hate this pissant country, she thought. She could scarcely believe it had once ruled the largest empire in history, when it couldn’t organise a tea party now. She longed to be back in the States where they’d have had Mann dissected and bottled into a mouth spray by now, and probably warheads too she thought ruefully.

The State Department had twice refused her request for repatriation saying her work on investigating and recording British outbreaks was invaluable to them. But she knew she was becoming increasingly irrelevant, a lone sentry in a remote outpost with nothing to report that the CIA couldn’t already guess at. Ten years was a long time to be away from the centre of things. Finding Mann would make her work, and by extension she herself, relevant again and she could use him as a gaming chip to win her passage home. She’d load him on a plane to Andrews and the President himself would kiss her backside.

She reached her office and flung open the door and strode past the young soldier standing beside her desk. How many times did she have to tell these goddamn people that no one entered her office without permission? She scowled at the soldier who reeled off his name with a crisp salute.

‘Get out.’ She growled in reply, dismissing him with a curt wave of her hand and after hesitating for a moment he left the room closing the door behind him. She’d had enough of the army for one day. Smith had condescended to give her three people to progress her search. She’d had three staff before just to file her notes when John had been in the tank. ‘I’ll allow you a little latitude.’ Smith had said. The gall of the man. She’d have his stripes and see him culling crows in the fields once John was secured again.



Chapter Nine

The old woman sat quietly, hands in her lap, and a harsh winter cast to her face as her husband slipped away. He lay in their narrow marriage bed under a thin blanket, he was gaunt and older than she and he’d been hard and stubborn in life, his face told that story, but he was leaving it gently enough. His breath came in shallow gulps and the gap between each was noticeably longer, twice now Mann had thought he’d gone but the old man would suddenly suck in another soft gasp and live on. It was a good way to die, of old age and in a bed. Many would trade for this. Mann had already whispered the last prayers, the woman joining him for a croaked Amen. He knew it was a comfort to her and that God heard too and prepared a welcome for another soul. He himself always felt honoured to be present at another’s passing. Except for when he was the means.

He’d passed a rag tag party of travellers earlier who had told him about the old woman in distress. They were heading south, they’d heard there was work in the brick fields that had once been a large town. There was a small, hard living to be had collecting bricks, flex, metal for Government builds elsewhere. They had seen the blue flash that signified Preacher on the front of his car and hailed him. He had thought to remove the flash and perhaps avoid being flagged this day for any of a number of reasons; a naming, a marrying or a death such as this old man's, but the penalties would be severe if he was caught and besides it was the trade off for the vehicle and access to rationed fuel.

On a shelf in the old couple’s darkened bedroom he noticed a book that he’d once owned, or rather borrowed from Dr Penn. It seemed out of place in this house. It held pictures of the inside of homes as they used to be before the calamity hit. There were pictures of all manner of furniture, floor coverings and tech that people could buy. Some of the tech he couldn’t reason people ever found a need for, things that seemed like fictions to him but he knew they had existed because he’d seen their battered casings on town edge tips. His biggest frustration was the puzzle of the Web, which was beyond his ability to fathom despite Penn’s best efforts to explain. Who had conceived of such a thing? It all but ran the world, flowed through every home, and held answers to every question you could ask and more. Mann would like to have seen just one picture of it and wondered why no one had thought to put one in the book.

Dr Penn had told him that when the Web was lost a vast sum of knowledge went too, which is why he and other thinking people had started to cache all the books they could, because if they were lost then the human race really was doomed. Mann had had access to Penn’s library, which is how he knew as much as he did, others mostly didn’t know even half as much, but he sometimes wondered if he wasn’t the poorer for knowing what had been lost. A soft rattle sounded from the bed and Mann knew that the old man’s soul had finally left.

Less than two hours later he turned his car back onto the motorway and continued his journey. He’d helped the widow wash and wrap her husband’s body and then she’d given Mann a bowl of thin soup. He’d left her with some of Amir’s candles. She’d need the welcome light on the dark nights ahead of her.

The stretch of road before him was particularly bad, rutted with potholes and cracks through which weeds and grass sprouted. Life struggled to survive everywhere, he thought. Would he have wanted to live in that old world, he wondered, life would surely not have been such a struggle then. The people must have lived happier lives, they had all the food, water and warmth they needed and could never have gone lonely. He’d read that 65 million people had lived here at peak. It boggled his mind. There could only be a fraction of that number now.

Mann slowed his speed as a line of military vans passed him heading in the opposite direction, armed guards riding shotgun in each cab. He hadn’t seen such a convoy before and wondered at its purpose and destination. A chill ran through him still at the sight of any green military flash. The vans weren’t dissimilar to the one that had moved him from the warehouse where he’d woken to the Facility that was to become his home for the next five years.

Oddly, he still missed Dr Penn, who’d been the only person who’d cared for him after he’d been transferred to the tank. In reality of course he’d been his jailer, but his hands had probably been tied. It wasn’t Penn who denied him visits from his family, but it was Penn who’d had to suffer his rages.

It was because the good Doctor had explained the choke’s origins in detail that Mann knew as much as he did about the virus he carried. He struggled now to remember all the medical terms but the tales of a mutating virus and a faulty vaccine that helped spread rather than check its advance, and the term Perfect Storm of Infection were burned into his memory. At the time it had all sounded like a God given, righteous plague and it was in him and he had the power of it. It shamed him now to remember that in anger he’d once spat full in Penn’s masked face, and that he used to torment an endless stream of hapless nurses by flicking spittle at them. But he had a darker memory too of the occasion he’d raised such bedlam that a guard was called to dart him. It was the first time it had happened and it tempered his rages. Penn told him he’d been out for only two hours but he knew that wasn’t true. Food he had stashed under his bunk had mouldered since he’d last looked. He realised then that if they chose to they could keep him sedated permanently and harvest him for what they wanted, perhaps all they were waiting for was an excuse. The idea had terrified him.

Then one day Penn had simply vanished, to be replaced the next by Dr Russell. She came to introduce herself and tell him there would be some changes and more ominously that the Program would have to be stepped up. She wouldn’t even acknowledge his questions about Dr Penn’s whereabouts. He knew she was somehow to be feared, and also that she was unused to dealing with people because she spoke to him loudly and slowly as if he’d been born with a dented head. The next day she had tried to appear more friendly and had enquired after his health and then forced a sudden smile, showing all her teeth like a dog in an alley. The alarmed look on his face must have told all because she never smiled at him again through the dark years she worked on him.

Chapter Ten

The rain fell onto the road in sheets and ran off into runnels on either side. Mann stared out of the checkpoint hut window at all the water and hoped it wouldn’t slow his journey into the city. The hut was warm from the wood stove in the corner and the inside of Mann’s muffler was heavy with beads of moisture but for appearances sake he needed to keep it in place. Beside him Charlie checked all his documentation; I.D. papers, licence to dispense herbal remedies, fuel ration book. Mann had no idea why the men at checkpoints were all nicknamed Charlie but they all seemed happy to be so.

Charlie adjusted his mask, ‘Everything seems to be in order Father Moore, I’ll just need to verify your vaccine record.’

Mann sat at the desk and rolled up his sleeve to expose the tattoo Amir had given him earlier.

‘It's fresh.’

‘Yes,’ said Mann, ‘I got it two days ago in Shale. I never heal fast.’

‘This booster was issued two months ago, why the delay in getting it?’

‘I travel far and wide, I’m often deep in the countryside and don’t always hear about these things immediately.’

‘They are always flagged in broadcasts.’

‘I know, but the old and sick that I visit don’t always have the means to receive them.’ Mann gave what he hoped was an apologetic look.

‘Between you and me Father, word’s come down it will soon be illegal to travel without a portable set. There will be heavy fines levied for people missing broadcasts. Best pick up a winding radio next time you claim fuel, so you’re prepared.’

Mann thanked him for the advice and watched as Charlie began to copy down the last few images from Mann’s tattoo onto an official form. Mann was surprised and wary ‘You record these things now?’

‘New orders,’ Charlie replied, ‘We have to record them on your letter of transit.’

‘But I have them recorded on my arm.’

‘I know Father, makes no sense to me either. Now, where was your last recorded stop?’

‘I slept in the car for the last few nights, so Picton was the last town I visited.’ Mann rolled his sleeve back down as Charlie recorded his answer.

‘And what brings you to Brighton?’

‘Beyond attending to the needs of its Godless flock?’ Mann levelled a steady gaze at the guard who returned his look for a moment before recording the answer on the forms in front of him.

‘Preaching.’ Charlie completed the rest of the duplicate forms in silence, signed both and handed one to Mann. ‘I should warn you,’ he continued, ‘that the city is full of people who wouldn’t think twice about rolling a man of the cloth.’

‘Then they’re probably the ones I most need to reach.’ Replied Mann.

Charlie laughed ‘I wish my faith was as sturdy a shield as yours Father.’

Mann paused for a moment before asking, ‘I hear the Scandinavians are the worst of a heathen bunch.’ He knew he shouldn’t push too hard but he wanted to shake the tree to see what might fall in his lap, ‘Where would I find them gathered?’

‘It’s true there are increasing numbers from those parts crossing into Scotland and moving south, driven by their harsher winters I suppose. They trade with the Russians so they always bear watching. You might try the eastern edge of the city. A few favour those streets.’

‘Thank you.’ Mann stood. ‘You’ll want to search the car?’

Charlie laughed again ‘You don’t strike me as a mischief maker Father. You can be on your way.’ He pulled on his heavy coat and both men stepped out into the foul weather.



Chapter Eleven

Keen stepped out into the front yard to greet Amir as he eased the horse to a halt beside the barn and dismounted from the cart. She picked her way across the soft ground to his side. ‘I’m thinking we should cross to Brighton, join John in his search.’ She said.

‘Hello lover, how was your time at market?’

Keen took the rebuke. ‘I’m sorry.’ She held Amir close and kissed him. ‘Good trip?’

Amir smiled, ‘Good trip.’

‘I do think he will need us there.’

‘Did he send a message?’ Amir asked and Keen shook her head. ‘And if we leave and he tries to reach us?’

‘We’d be on the road.’

‘To Treader’s sure, but not to where John may actually need us.’ Amir countered.

Keen sighed and kicked at a clump of grass. ‘I hate to wait.’

‘I know that.’ Amir said, ‘I need to get Sorrel into the barn. You need to heat a lot of water.’ Keen looked puzzled. Amir began to unharness the horse, a serious look on his face. ‘I need a bath woman, and after that you and I will need still more hot water. For coffee.’ His face split into a wide grin and her eyes flew wide and she laughed like a child at Christmas.

‘How is it possible you got that?’

‘I have my means.’

‘Who did you trade with? What did you trade?’

The smile faded from Amir’s face. ‘You think me only good for mixing wax and oils, but I have other uses. I ran with you and John and the others, I risked all too. I can still track and forage and fix things for you.’

Keen came to him and held him again. ‘I know your skills Sir, and I thank heaven for you everyday. If I forget to tell you so then that’s to my shame.’

Amir looked to the wooded fields beyond the yard, ‘I sometimes miss the fight don’t you?’

‘Hardly.’ Keen frowned, but the upward tilt of her jaw told Amir that she wasn't speaking true.

‘The intrigue, living by our wits, day to day?’

‘Living by chance, many had luck that didn’t hold.’

‘You alone made the luck that brought us through. You think the fight is really won?’

‘We’ll see how the Food Council fares. If they can keep our bellies full then our hearts should follow. The new winter quotas will stand as a test.’

‘So we watch and wait?’

She told him that waiting and watching were what she did best.



Chapter Twelve

Mann stepped further back into the shadows of the doorway and waited for the crew of thugs to pass. They were in drink and full of fight, looking for someone to ill use, or press even. Offshore he could see the ship’s silhouetted against the moonlit sky and knew that not all their crew would have put to sea willingly.

He scanned the rest of the street for threat but there was none, not on the ground nor seemingly in the burned out shops or the gutted rooms above. Some buildings had lost their frontage entirely so all the rooms were open to the night. Faded and peeling patterned paper on the walls gave a backdrop to dank weeds growing high along the ledges at the front. He fancied he saw an animal weave through some tall grass up there, a fox perhaps or a cat, but it was gone before he could fix it in the gloom. No lights shone on the street at all save for that of the moon which leeched the colour out of the scene and returned flat, grey pavements, long black shadows, and puddles full of silver ripples.

He’d left the car hidden a mile out of town and made his way to the centre on foot. He knew full well where to locate Treader and was sure of his way to the building though he didn’t know what barriers if any he’d have to cross in the streets ahead. It had been ten years since he’d set foot in Brighton and the place was much changed and nothing he saw was an improvement on what it had been. He’d gone to ground here with Keen and the others after they’d sprung him from the Facility. The military had made incursions each day searching for them, torching buildings, rounding up innocents for questioning. The residents had organised constant guerrilla attacks on the army, resenting their presence, beating them back on occasion, such was the resilience of the local militia. Even so, he and the others had been flushed twice but had slipped the net to reach another safe house. Lives had been lost, Marshall and Peter, and lives had been taken. He remembered agonising that his life could be worth so many others. Keen had struck him hard. Didn’t he know what the Facility was for? Didn’t he know how many lives had already been lost inside to ‘research’? And rumour had it they had been trying to make weapons of war off him. He didn’t know any of this, though deep down he had suspected some of it. He didn’t know either that the Facility had been torched after he’d been got to safe distance, so all the stockpiles of his fluids, and more, were destroyed. Nor did he know that his mother and father had been held for the last six months of his stay in another part of the Facility and endlessly tested by Russell for the same gene that made him immune. He wept in Keen’s arms as she told him they’d both perished, ended by exposure to their own son's spores.

Mann’s eyes pricked with hot tears now as he crossed the street into a deeper pocket of shadow. It was the tears blurred his vision to the skulking youth in the doorway, and allowed him to be blind-sided. Luckily, the cosh was poorly wielded and although Mann saw an explosion of green stars and hit the ground in a fog of pain he didn’t black out. The youth, hooded and in dark rags, moved in to finish him with another blow but Mann wasn’t to be caught twice and kicked the youth’s legs out from under him and was up and sitting on his chest before the boy knew he’d been struck. Mann looked into wild eyes, alive with anger and fear. The youth bucked beneath him but Mann had him pinned. He pulled aside his own muffler and then removed the mask from the youth’s face, taking in the pocked and ravaged skin.

‘Off me, you mad fuck. Get off me.’ The youth screamed and Mann was unnerved by his ferocity and, worried his shouts would carry, scanned the street. The youth seized on Mann’s moment of distraction and bucked again getting his arm free, a knife suddenly glinting in his hand. Mann grabbed for the knife hand but the youth was too quick and all Mann could do was parry a blow aimed at his chest. He was even less prepared for the speed of the second strike that slashed the blade across his thigh. He struck the youth hard across the mouth with the back of his hand and seized his opportunity to push himself away and crab backwards into the lee of a building. His heart was racing and he felt the heat build in his chest. In the distance he heard raised voices getting closer. He wanted to avoid attracting a crowd at all costs. The youth was on his feet in moments and heading for Mann again, his face twisted in fury. Mann side-stepped the charge and used the youth’s momentum to propel him headfirst into a wall at speed. The noise was sickening and Mann felt the vibration through the pavement under his feet. He paused to check that the youth was down for good, and then he sprinted away up the street, away from the coming voices.



Chapter Thirteen

All morning Russell had been jolted around in the rear seat of a jeep. She dimly recalled her grandma singing a yearning song about country roads but for sure it didn’t celebrate these rutted tracks.

She’d spent the day travelling to and from the farmhouse where Mann had resurfaced. She’d felt the need to be where he’d been, see what he’d seen. She needed to feel close to him. She’d given the choke corpse a cursory glance, the local doctor who’d attended the body had not misled them in his report. Then she’d studied two spills of blood on the floor and decided neither were his. Nothing so mundane as a bullet would carry him off. Over the years she’d come to think of him as immortal.

Further investigations had found a woman’s body buried nearby accounting for one bloodstain. A neighbour told of a teenage boy, and there was no sign of him. His was the other gore, she thought, though not dead. Had the choke victim been one of a raid gang who’d taken him, leaving Mann to bury the boy’s mother? Perhaps Mann had the boy with him, or was in pursuit of him and his captors. That showed signs of involvement on Mann’s part. Russell was momentarily distracted by a pang of jealousy, but she dismissed it and her thoughts returned to the task at hand. She felt she knew the story of what had occurred in this kitchen and in its aftermath. She was pleased with her reasoning, pleased to be doing something akin to proper work again. The neighbour had also spoken of a stranger dressed in black, with a brimmed hat and a car with a blue flash. A preacher. He’d been seen foraging in the fields with the mother. Russell had questioned the neighbour closely, even had her escort draw his gun with menace but no more news could be got. Mann travelling as a preacher, perhaps with or in pursuit of a boy, she had pieces of a picture at least, more than she’d had at dawn that day.

Back in the jeep for the return journey Russell mused on her discoveries. A preacher would be easier to track, they were licensed, had vehicles that needed petrol and repairs. Who were the woman and boy to Mann, a substitute family? What would Mann do with the motherless boy now? This development may make him easier to trace too. She looked at the watch on her wrist and tapped at the glass, she was impatient to be back at the Facility.

The sun strobed through the trees as the car passed them at speed, forcing her to shield her eyes against the rapid flick, flick, flick of the light through the window. She felt a tug at her thoughts and a lurch as a memory forced its way forward despite her best efforts to keep it back. She was aged six and sitting in a darkened room watching a home movie with her grandfather. Faded colour images flicked across the wall, her father as a boy chasing a black dog around a summer garden she didn’t know. There was no sound but the quick, ticking whirr of the projector, even when her boy-faced father laughed directly into the camera lens she couldn’t hear him.

Then, in another place and time, her young daughter Evie was running across a summer yard while her faithful dog yapped about her feet. She ran straight to the car, where Russell herself sat, and slapped her hand frantically against the glass, her face awash with tears and terror, she begged her mother to be let in. Russell’s husband was already convulsing on the steps of the porch beyond. Evie’s cries faded until all Russell could hear was her own heartbeat thud in her ears, as if she was deep underwater. She didn’t hear her own sobs as she placed her open palm against Evie’s on the other side of the window, nor the click of the door lock catch as she engaged it. The dog barked excitedly but remained mute to Russell, and the sound of Evie choking went unheard too.

Two hours later when the jeep pulled up outside the Facility she was in a dark mood. She was met at the door by the Private who she’d dismissed from her office yesterday, he clearly had even less brains than the previous drooler, Vincent, that Smith had assigned her. The draft had certainly swelled the ranks of personnel but it hadn’t increased the IQ level. Maybe this was to be expected when they fished in so shallow a pond and the recruits were there simply for the bed and board and not because the army was in their blood. She brushed past him as he addressed her.

‘Doctor Russell,’ He tried again.

She pulled up short and rounded on him. ‘Unless you have news of exceptional quality boy you’d better have a very good reason for flapping your jaws at me.’

‘I’ve decoded a message Ma’am. It was pushed out three days ago and its echo still reverberates through the chatter in Brighton.’

‘And?’ Barked Russell.

‘There is talk of a cobra Ma’am.’ Russell’s mouth opened as if she would speak in reply but she made no sound, so the young man continued. ‘A cobra Ma’am, a spitting snake.’

Russell turned on her heel and moved away down the corridor at speed, calling over her shoulder as she went, ‘What’s your name again soldier?’

‘Private Tate, Ma’am.’ the soldier replied as he ran after her.

Inside her office Russell and Tate stood before her wall map. On the other side of her desk stood the other two recruits to her team, Private Williams and Private Evans. Russell located the red pin denoting the town where she’d been earlier and drew her fingers in a straight line across the miles to the centre of Brighton, on the coast.

‘An easy drive in the time he’s had Doctor, though he couldn’t have gone direct.’ Said Tate.

‘Why?’ Russell enquired.

‘With respect Ma’am, your map is old and some of these small roads are no longer passable. I think he’d have headed north first and then south into the city.’

‘Doctor, if I may?’ Russell and Tate turned to look at Williams who’d just spoken. She was ambitious, capable and intelligent and would probably rise quickly through the ranks, and Russell could overlook her good skin and full figure for these qualities she brought. Williams came forward to the map before continuing, ‘I’m familiar with this area Doctor and I think Tate may have overlooked the fact that there is a direct route. The annual flood would swamp most of these roads but not all. If John Mann knows this area too he could get through.’ Russell was impressed and pleased to see that her charges were happy to shaft each other for preferment. Better that than shaft each other for recreation, she happily noted the sour look Tate now gave Williams.

‘Evans,’ Russell barked and her third recruit stiffened to attention. No chance Williams would return any interest Evans showed either. He was overweight, ruddy-cheeked and bespectacled. He would be a bully if he ever reached command level. As it was his C.O. had voiced grave doubts about him in the field, the word coward hadn’t been mentioned but Russell knew it had been implied. Still, she hadn’t chosen him to lead a charge but to use his bright mind in pursuit of John. ‘Keeping your own council, boy?’ Russell asked.

‘No Ma’am, I’m just weighing the intelligence so far. I’m inclined to agree with Williams. The route she suggests would take longer though, along tracks and lanes, and Mann would have had to put up for a night at least. True he may have slept in his car or there may be dwellings along that route that would offer a bed to a preacher…’

Russell cut in, ‘And what would it benefit us to know where he stayed?’

‘Safe houses.’ Replied Evans, ‘A man running for a decade would need one or more bolt holes, and he may, as you suggest, have an injured boy with him too who’d need care.’

Tate cleared his throat, ‘I could scope all the settlements in the area…’

Russell spoke across him, ‘Williams will take that role.’ Williams puffed out her chest and twinkled at Tate who scowled back. ‘I want you,’ Russell continued, ‘to carry on scanning the airwaves, all channels. I want to know why he would head to Brighton.’

‘Ma’am.’ Tate threw a salute but Russell noted it wasn’t as crisp as his previous efforts. She turned to Evans, ‘If Mann has been travelling as a preacher I want to know how and where he got his papers, any contacts he has in the clergy, churches that might hide him, and where he gets his herbal supplies. Use Dataweb and hardcopy files, I want a window into his world.’ She looked her team over and slapped her hand down on her desk, ‘And I want it now.’ All three saluted and headed for the door. ‘Oh and Tate.’ Tate stopped in his tracks and turned back to Russell. ‘Send a dispatch bike to all Brighton checkpoints, I want copies of all their records.’



Chapter Fourteen

Mann hid in the shadows of a burned out bus at the side of the road and stared up at the tall building in front of him. It had been all over white once but long green algae stains now seeped down its walls. It looked bleakly dark and deserted but Mann counted the balconies up to the sixth floor where Treader made his home. Treader’s was easy to place, it was the only balcony free of tresses and beardy tendrils of ivy but Mann could see no light in the dwelling beyond.

The shouts of chancers and wasters had chased him through the streets to this place. He’d skirted what he took to be a watering hole, its lights spilled out onto the pavement and loud laughter and crude song could be heard from the drunkards within. A woman’s shriek had reached him from the alleyway adjacent to it, and a gunshot had sounded from far off. It had all added haste to his purpose. The street he was now in was thankfully quiet though so Mann broke cover and ducked into the doorway of Treader’s building.

Before him rose a dark and reeking stairwell, the whole lobby smelled like a midden. He listened for sounds from above but there were none, beyond the constant dripping of water, and the scratching of rats. He began his climb. The cut on his thigh troubled him little and he just hoped it wouldn’t become infected. There were some who would smear their blade with skank to fell you later, like the dragons he’d read about whose drool was deadlier than their bite.

As he climbed the stairs he thought of what occurred in the street before. The threat in the group of men, the anger and violence in the youth, perhaps this was the only way to survive here he thought. Perhaps he’d been out of built up cities for too long and they all ticked this way now. He’d pray for the youth later, all he cared about for the moment was getting what he needed and then getting out. Two days ago his life had seemed peacefully ordered and now chaos was its ruling star.



Chapter Fifteen

‘You owe me all really. I gave you and the others shelter in this town when the Government wanted you dead.’

Mann watched Treader pacing the floor, scratching at his crotch. He wondered if the lice came from the mangy cat that prowled around the legs of the broken furniture, or from the street boy asleep on the mattress in the corner of the room.

‘Not dead.’ Mann said, ‘I’m no use to anyone dead.’ He hadn’t expected an open armed welcome from Treader but neither had he expected this hostility. The heat and stink in the room were seriously stoking his desire to leave immediately and search out his own answers. He balled up the leather note wrap he was holding and tossed it onto a chair.

‘Your fee, count it and trade what you know.’

Treader moved quickly to retrieve the money from the chair. ‘Come, this is an honest dealing John, you make it sound like I’m fleecing you. Look,’ he removed his mask decorated with purple ciphers and threw Mann a brown toothed smile, ‘let there be trust between us.’

Mann looked with distaste at the multiple metal studs through Treader’s nose and lips, but still he had to acknowledge the other’s gesture, ‘I meant not to insult you I just need your information.’ He said.

Treader produced a tab and lit it, blowing a thick cloud of blue fumes at the ceiling. He offered it to Mann, who shook his head, the cloying smoke already in the room was enough to befuddle his thoughts. He scanned the room, all dusty stuffed birds and other filthy clutter stacked to the ceiling making it hard to tell where the walls were and making it harder to breathe. He crossed the room and pushed out onto the balcony, past the large leafy green plants ranged about before the windows. The cool sea air immediately cleared his head. He wiped the now chill sweat from his brow with his hand as Treader stepped out beside him. Treader’s wary eyes tracked Mann’s slick hand down to his side, ‘It’s true that will kill in minutes?’

Mann looked at his own sweat-wetted hand, ‘It’ll work its art, eventually.’ He said.

‘Art?’ Treader laughed a barking laugh, ‘The preacher takes pride in his devilish talents.’

Mann was inflamed by the insinuation and advanced angrily on Treader who backed up into the room again with Mann following. ‘Deal with me.’ Mann growled.

‘Sure, sure,’ Treader whined lifting his hands in surrender, ‘I was just ordering things up here.’ He said, tapping his forehead. ‘Chenko arrived six months ago, a big Russian bad, with guns and plenty of goons to use them. He even has a big dog on a chain, at his heels. You ever seen a tame dog before? I’ve heard a pack howling out on the Downs but never seen one up close.’ Treader expected an answer to this but Mann remained mute. ‘Anyway,’ Treader continued, ‘Within days he was looting, shooting and burning, within two weeks he was living in the big house down there, the old king dead, long live Chenko. You’ll wonder how he was capable, if you meet him, but never underestimate how a cruel and ruthless mind can attract an army of thugs like flies to a turd.’

Mann crossed again to the window and looked down across the rooftops to the onion-domed palace in the distance. It was flickering orange in the light of barrel fires set about the grounds. He had to guess it would be well guarded. I’ll never make it in there alone, he thought, I’ll have to get word to Keen.

‘This city always worked well when carved up between different interests, each keeping the others in check,’ continued Treader, ‘People could trade amongst them, there was room for someone like me, but now,’ He mimed a small explosion with his hand. ‘he runs the women, the drugs, the food in, and the fish out. He feeds the people so they don’t riot against him and with the people onside the military won’t move in. He owns the whole show, and word is, John Mann, he means to acquire you too.’

‘Cobra.’ Mann said.

Treader nodded, ‘You are a figure of legend in this city John. The man the choke couldn’t finish and the army couldn’t trap. And now he knows you’re not a myth, he sent three men against you and only two returned, plus the boy of course.’

Then it’s true that I’m the root and blame for David’s capture, Mann thought, ‘The boy is here?’ He asked.

Treader nodded and Mann was awash with relief.

‘And thrives?’

Treader paused before speaking, ‘His wound was cleaned and stitched well.’

‘But?’

‘Chenko collects youngsters of breeding age, this won’t come as news, he means to rebuild, repopulate, whether here or elsewhere.’

‘I mean to get the boy back.’

‘You should look to your own salvation John.’

Mann turned again to look down at the palace, ‘How are you privy to all this?’

‘An eagle in its eyrie sees all. Plus I have my boys on the ground. They’d slit my throat as soon as look at me but they’ll trade news from the streets for bags of leaf.’ Treader nodded at the plants in the window.

‘How is it you’ve escaped Chenko’s notice?’

‘Oh I haven’t.’ Treader lit another smoke, but Mann could see the tremor in his hands this time. Earlier he had thought Treader a man of middle years but now he could see he was a young man aged by hard living, ‘I sent my best boy out last night to gather news for you and he’s not returned. He’ll be flotsam on the beach by now. They know I’m up here alright.’

‘Then run while you can.’

Treader laughed again but a silent, wry laugh this time. ‘It’s funny but I spent so much time watching for the choke that I never saw what else was creeping through me.’

‘If you are unwell I may be able to help.’

Treader waved Mann’s words aside, ‘No one can cure what I have John, although…’ he smiled slyly at Mann, ‘perhaps when the pain becomes unbearable you could come back and finish me? I hear your kiss is lethal.’



Chapter Sixteen

Russell sat at the desk in the darkened office and stared at the hand phone on the table. The room was empty save for the desk, the chair and the phone. Thirty minutes ago two armed guards had brought a request from Colonel Smith, she was to accompany them to this room and await further communication. The guards were waiting outside the door now, they’d been unable or unwilling to tell her why she’d been brought there.

En route to the room she had assumed she’d be meeting with someone but the phone now suggested otherwise, though she couldn’t fathom who had the wherewithal needed to make a call. She had already tested the phone twice and was surprised that it did indeed have a live tone, so she supposed it was only a matter of time until it rang.

Her nerves were strung taut in anticipation so she tried to relax by closing her eyes and concentrating on something else. She pictured Mann grown up, living as a priest. Preaching to the lost and lonely, and selling snake oil to the easily gulled. Was that really how he’d got by all these years?

She thought of the longed for moment when she faced him again. He had every reason to want her dead but there must be a small part of him that understood why she’d done what she had. Even now, down the years, a shiver ran through her at the memory of the rages he’d thrown at her, the times she’d wiped his spittle from her mask. How much more terrible would his anger be at their reunion? Like a grizzled old bear re-caged after tasting freedom.

Suddenly the phone emitted a high tone that trilled painfully in her ears. It jangled her nerves and she fumbled the phone for a moment as she snatched it up and accepted the call.

‘Hello?’ she said.

‘Doctor Russell, Secretary Hunt.’ It was a brittle voice, and sounded small and far away in another empty room, and despite her unease a shard of excitement pierced her. It had been decades since she’d heard a voice through a phone. She tried to keep her own voice calm.

‘Good evening Sir, to what do I owe this pleasure?’

‘John Mann.’

She was momentarily shaken by the abrupt mention of John.

‘Would you mind telling me how you come to know of…'

His voice came again, perhaps the lag on the line had prompted him to speak over her, or perhaps it was impatience. ‘There are people in Whitehall who are very excited by the news that John Mann may be back on the radar.’

‘Well then Sir your timing is good, I think I may have located him.’

‘I know. I know all about your latest efforts to track the target.’

Russell felt alarm at the use of the word ‘target’, and she was nettled by Hunt’s superior attitude. She regretted having been so loose with her information, she’d have to be more guarded. She laughed lightly, ‘Secretary, Hunt was it? With respect I’d like to know how you seem to be aware of such recent developments in my work.’

‘I’ve been monitoring your efforts for a long while Doctor and awaiting word of John Mann, he is a valuable resource and we have need of him.’

She supposed Colonel Smith must have been talking, seeking to feather his own nest, ‘John is indeed valuable as the source of a vaccine.’

‘Valuable as a bargaining chip Doctor.’

A cold shadow fell over Russell.

‘Listen Doctor, I don’t want you to think me ignorant of all your hard work down the years so in the spirit of open co-operation I will share this much. The Country needs help to re-establish a working technology, without it we are blind, living in a Dark Age. We lack the expertise to rebuild our infrastructure but America has it and they deal hard for it. The technician they sent to restore this satellite phone link cost us dear in resources that we could ill afford. Your Government are desperate for Mann and would give us anything we ask in return for him.’

‘They wish to re-start work on a vaccine?’ Russell’s spirits rose as she saw a chance for herself.

‘They could use him to cure or to kill, I do not know and I do not care.’

The line suddenly filled with static and Russell pushed the phone hard to her ear for fear she’d miss Hunt’s words. His voice now came in surges, alternately clear and muddied.

‘It could be they mean to find a cure and save us all. Or perhaps just protect their borders north and south from incursion.’

His voice was lost again in a swirl of noise that sounded like a tempest. Russell felt adrift at sea in the storm, she could see no safe ground in sight. When she was sure the line was clear again she spoke, ‘Whitehall cannot figure to hand him over for use as a weapon, and you surely can’t condone such an action.’

‘My job is merely to broker the trade Doctor, I cannot control what happens once he leaves these shores, but perhaps you can. I read your dossier before I made this call and I know you have twice been refused repatriation. Work with me to secure John Mann and I’ll guarantee you a berth back to the States with him Doctor. Once there you can fight his corner, push for work to continue on a vaccine, play it however you please. His future and your own will be in your hands, if you deal with me. Double deal, however, and you’ll count yourself lucky to spend the rest of your life down there breeding lab rats.’

Russell head swam with all the possibilities for good and ill that Hunt had just conjured.

‘Doctor, your team will gather intelligence on him, isolate him and then report to me directly. I am now your sole contact. They’ll be no move made on the target without my express authorisation, and then I’ll co-ordinate the operation. Do I make myself clear Doctor Russell?’



Chapter Seventeen

Mann edged through the broken door of the small, deserted church. All inside had been ransacked long ago. He was saddened at the folly of the idea that the only things of use here had been considered earthly. The floor of the nave was littered with signs of the brief shelter the building had given over the years, dirty rags, crushed tin cans, and large black scorch marks on the flagstones where pews had been burned for warmth, or perhaps in anger at a God who had not stepped in to avert the calamity.

He could hear pigeons cooing softly high overhead in the rafters. A draft through the door rustled the tattered remains of the heavy curtains that had once decorated the chancel. Miraculously the stained glass windows had survived, covered in decades of grime and cobwebs they barely allowed any light to enter now but it wasn’t hard to image the panes bright with colour.

He knelt and bowed his head to ask forgiveness for ending the street youth. In the heavy, dusty silence he could almost hear the voices of the choir, a Latin hymn he knew from the Abbey.

Keen had taken him there after escaping from Brighton that first time. She took him there to hide him and to heal him. He was broken in spirit and body, a bullet having clipped his temple during the last push to be free of the city. Keen’s twin Jakob was a Brother in the Abbey’s Order and she passed John into his care. She told John he’d be able to lie low for a few weeks until he mended. Five years later he had left a changed man.

Life at the Abbey was a simple one that resonated deeply within him. The sparse cell he slept in, the silence at meal times, the labour in the gardens that used muscles he’d not worked since the farm, filling out his strong frame again. When he was well enough to leave he begged that he might be allowed to stay on for religious instruction from Father Woods, and he studied hard. During his lessons John found a God who spoke in a voice he understood, who gave him sound practical goals that he could work towards; serve God, pray, work, heal others, and abstain. The last had been a trial.

Jakob, older by three years, had been a Brother at the Abbey since a youth. Once, when he and John were tending the herb garden, John had asked him how he coped with a life hidden away from girls. ‘I pray and that helps.’ he’d replied.

‘For me it isn’t a choice.’

‘Keen explained.’

John reached out and crushed a sprig of Rosemary and inhaled the scent of the oil. ‘Anna smelled like this, always. She was a giddy girl really but I think she liked me too.’ Tears came to his eyes, ‘I never thought to die un-kissed.’

Jakob told him that down the centuries men of vows who had struggled with aspects of their faith had worn hair shirts that pricked at them constantly and focused their minds on God and not distractions. They shared a laugh when Jakob remarked that anyway his sister served as a constant reminder for him of how vexing women could be.

Mann left the ruined church and crept through shadowed streets towards the palace gardens. Before he’d left Treader he’d asked him to message Keen and tell her to meet him tomorrow at dawn. Meanwhile he would take a closer look at Chenko’s place, look for a weakness to exploit.

‘Where should I tell her to meet you?’ Treader had asked.

‘Tell her the Romans had a word for it.’

‘Ah, of course.’ Treader had laughed.

Keen visited the Abbey once a year in the spring. Despite Jakob’s words they were very close. During her visits Keen and John would walk for hours, laughing and talking of the whole world up and down. Between her visits he would think of her as spreading warm sunshine and the scent of daffodils wherever she went and he knew he was being a mooncalf but he didn’t much mind. It was at the end of her fourth visit that she had first spoken softly of Amir and in such warm tones that John's blood had suddenly run as cold as deep well water.

It was soon after this that his nightmares began driving a wedge between him and sleep. Doubt and fear began to plague his waking hours too. Was his lot always to live apart and alone, different and feared? God must have spared him for a purpose. Why had he been marked out in this way? Did he truly belong at the Abbey? If a cure could be got from him didn’t he have a responsibility to return to Russell’s tank?

‘John no one has a right to take from you against your will, to use you against your wishes. You alone should decide whether you belong in that place doing that work or whether you should follow a different road.’ Father Woods had told him.

John had liked nothing better than to sit in the rose arbour and contemplate the huge brick built Abbey and soaring bell tower, fiery orange in the glow of the sun. Now its immense print on the earth began to weigh on him. And the Brothers at work in the gardens or hurrying to prayers, black habits billowing in the sea breezes, the Brothers who had shown him nothing but kindness, now looked like nothing more than earthbound Crows flapping broken wings.

His regular lessons with the Father became sessions of counsel during his last six months at the Abbey. Between them they agreed that it was probably best that he return to the outside world. He had spent the last ten years of his life behind walls often in isolation and had never really had a chance to find himself as a man, to find his purpose in the world. Perhaps, beyond the Abbey walls, he might also find peace and reconciliation for the stolen days of his life. ‘God has spared us all so far for a reason and you more than most. Go and find your reason in life John and when you do perhaps you’ll also find sleep again.’

On the day he left the Abbey he’d been given the identity papers belonging to Father Adam Moore, who had recently passed away. They were John Mann’s ticket to a new life in the outside world.



Chapter Eighteen

Keen entered the house carrying a trug of late season blackberries foraged from the lane. The sun was dying now but it was still a balmy evening. She wondered where Amir was, it was odd for him to miss a sunset. She put the basket on the kitchen table and moved through the downstairs rooms and on up the stairs. As she reached the gloom of the top landing Amir stepped out of the store room.

‘Damn, you shouldn’t sneak up on me,’ he said clutching his chest, ‘you’ll be the end of me one day.’

‘A big man like you?’ She laughed ‘Why are you lurking in the store and not outside in the sun with me?’

‘I was hanging herbs to dry.’

Keen eyed the silent set in the storeroom behind him, ‘Any word?’ Amir shook his head. Keen opened her mouth to speak but Amir took her hand and said. ‘We will leave at first light, track John, ok?’ He kissed her cheek.

‘You change your tune, why so?'

Amir shrugged, ‘It troubles me to see you worry, so we follow after John. What my lady wants my lady gets. Except for Birch wine, all gone.’

Keen watched Amir carefully close the storeroom door. ‘It was you?’ She asked.

‘What was?’

She searched his face. Shook her own head slowly.

‘Drank the wine?’ He laughed, ‘Of course. Who else? You know just a sniff will knock John bandy.’

Keen wrapped her arms about herself.

‘So. You want Nettle?’ Amir pressed.

‘Sure.’

‘Good.’ Amir descended the stairs leaving Keen in the shadows on the landing.



Chapter Nineteen

Mann stood in the wooded palace gardens, the smoke from the fire barrels stung his eyes, and the stench of burning fish oil turned his stomach. He had hoped to find an easy entry to the palace, but that seemed unlikely on this side of the building.

Suddenly, the cold, insistent pressure of a gun barrel pressed behind his ear and forced him to step sideways away from the tree that he thought had him hidden. He had been so lost in thought he had heard no one approach and been caught as easily as a kit. He waited a moment, expecting either a command or a bullet but since neither came he chanced to edge slowly around to see his assailant.

The one called Barge, Helen’s executioner. He was muffled this time but Mann would know him anywhere. A vacant cast to the big man’s eyes suddenly mixed with fear as he recognised John Mann. Was he dull-witted? Mann cast back to Barge’s behaviour in Helen’s kitchen; perhaps so. The idea gave him a moment, but only a moment, of pause. The man had after all put a bullet through Helen’s brain. Barge’s child eyes were fixed on Mann’s mouth, the source of the worst scourge from hell as far as he was concerned. So he never saw coming the knee jerk that Mann landed square in his groin. All Barge knew was the explosion of agony between his legs that seared up through his belly and into his chest. The breath went out of him and he dropped to the ground and curled like a baby to cradle the pain. Briefly again, Mann felt he should stay his hand, something didn’t sit well with this. His heart wasn’t in the kill but at his feet Barge was already reaching for his dropped gun, ‘Leave it,’ Mann hissed, ‘Leave the gun.’ Barge seemed not to hear and began whimpering loudly, working himself up into a boil. Mann feared the noise would give up the game. He cursed the God who had spared him for this sort of work as he retrieved a loaded micro-syringe from beneath his lapel and pressed it home into the tender flesh below Barge’s ear. He muttered a prayer as he carefully pulled up the dying man’s muffler to cover his terrified face, and as he stepped away from the convulsing body he heard a sly tread behind him and whirled about to face Gunnar.

‘If you think you can cough out a spit-ball before I bury my knife in your heart you are welcome to try.’



Chapter Twenty

Russell squinted at the checkpoint document on the desk before her. The dispatch rider had hurried it through to her office only minutes before. She rolled up her sleeve to compare her own tattoo against the glyphs sketched onto the form. Beyond the differentials of date and place her inexpert eye could make out no change from the norm. It must be subtle and skilled work.

‘The Cryptographer is sure it’s not official?’

‘Yes Ma’am.’ Private Williams replied, ‘The man carrying this stamp definitely passed into Brighton this afternoon.’

‘We need to trace where he got these markings. And then look to Brighton.’ Russell said.

Private Tate stepped forward ‘We would never find him in that city, it would be foolish even to enter.’

‘We could go in disguise Ma’am.’ Williams countered with ill-disguised impatience, ‘Who’d know what our business was?’

Russell massaged her temples, she’d had a vicious headache since speaking to Secretary Hunt. She wasn’t stupid enough to think John wasn’t useful to a Government as some kind of a weapon but could she really just hand him over without at least trying to secure his agreement to run more tests for a vaccine? Or failing that binding herself more tightly to him so that when he was shipped she was assured of a ticket also. She didn’t doubt the threat behind Hunt’s words if she did forge ahead in her own fashion but she had no reason to believe his promise of rewards either.

She looked at Tate and Williams awaiting her decision. ‘We might pass as travellers yes, and we can certainly monitor the roads out, he will, I assume, leave the city at some point.’

At that moment Private Evans entered the room. ‘Ma’am, we’ve received a broadcast. It is clumsy in part but it appears to pinpoint where we will find Mann tomorrow.’



Chapter Twenty-One

John Mann recalled a May Day carny from his youth. A man in a scarlet suit had thrown knives at a woman in scarlet drawers while she posed before a stack of hay bales. His knives had taken an apple from each of her shoulders and then her head in a deadly display of skill and intent. Gunnar evoked the ghost of that showman now, his right arm cocked, his fingers caressing a blade that reflected the orange flames from a nearby fire barrel. His eyes focused and unblinking, like a predator at prey.

Gunnar’s free hand indicated Barge’s prone body, ‘He had nightmares about you coming to find him, and then he found you, what odds?’

‘It didn’t please me to end him.’

‘But you didn’t stay your hand. Perhaps he was an eye for the woman?’

Mann briefly searched inside himself for the desire to kill Gunnar but found it absent for the moment. Perhaps killing Barge really had been enough. ‘It feels like a scale balanced, for now, but you still have to answer for the boy.’

Gunnar looked at the building beyond Mann, ‘I don’t fancy you came all this way to end Barge and me and I reason you know about Chenko having the boy now, but you won’t find either here. He is leaving the city tonight, and the boy goes with him.’

Forty minutes later Mann and Gunnar stood looking down into the harbour from the high coast road heading east out of the city. The moon was hidden by cloud and the dark waters below looked like thick oil moving with a deep swell, heaving a flotilla of fishing boats up and down. The large vessel amongst them was a great white beast and Mann could hear its painters slap against its tall masks even at this distance. A lighted lamp swung drunkenly from the stern deck while a steadier light blazed out from the cabin windows betraying restless, shadowy figures moving about inside.

Mann and Gunnar had made their way through a silent city to this place. The few people they’d encountered on the streets had ducked out of sight, afraid to cross their path. Mann had asked Gunnar why Chenko would work to locate him and then leave. ‘Family trouble, they say. But don’t worry you are not forgotten. He knows you exist now and you are a prize worth the wait.’

Mann looked at the long narrow strips of stony beach, to either side of the harbour, they had been washed clean and smooth by the tides. Seagulls patrolled the strand, or bobbed about on the shallow waves. To his right, in the far distance, he could make out the black skeleton of a long burned pier still standing, still defying the elements.

Gunnar broke the silence. ‘There was one other priest in the area that night and he was fetched easily back by another team. We drew the straw to fetch you and our orders were to bring you back alive at all costs. We had no idea who you were,’ Gunnar looked hard into Mann’s face, ‘or what you were capable of. He sent us against you in ignorance. We were totally expendable. If you had killed us all it would not have mattered to him, but by leaving two of us alive your identity was more swiftly confirmed.’ Gunnar paused a moment, then said. ‘I regret delivering the boy to him but without the boy as a shield I’d have died in that room.’

At the mention of David, Mann’s enmity towards Gunnar resurfaced. ‘If you mean to soften my attitude towards you with this sad tale of your ill use…’

‘I expect nothing from you but a choking death.’ Gunnar said, ‘Given the opportunity.’

‘That I could look for now.’

‘Then you would never recover the boy.’

Below them, the white yacht’s motor suddenly coughed into life with a deep growl, and the vessel pointed its nose towards open water.

‘Is the plan to give chase now?’ Mann asked.

‘Only if you swim like a dolphin.’

‘But you know where the boat is headed.’

‘East.’

‘There is a lot of world to the east of where we stand.’

‘Indeed.’

Mann turned to face Gunnar whose eyes were tracking Chenko’s yacht out of the harbour. Now that he was without his mask Mann could study him more closely. His white blonde beard was closely cropped now, he had sharp features and intelligent eyes, and Mann saw humour where he had thought to find cruelty. ‘Level with me.’ He said.

Gunnar returned Mann’s frank gaze. ‘A pact,’ Gunnar said, ‘I lead you to Chenko, you clear my path to him. You get the boy back, I get to part Chenko’s head from his neck. And then?’ Gunnar shrugged his shoulders, ‘You and I can settle up if you still think the scales weigh against you.’

Mann looked again at the yacht out in clear water and then turned to Gunnar and extended his hand. Gunnar viewed it with suspicion.

‘You’ll know when it’s primed.’ Mann said, and Gunnar shook on their deal.

‘We should head out.’ Gunnar said.

‘I have a message to relay first.’ Mann replied.



Chapter Twenty-Two

As Russell opened the door a rush of stale air hit her. She’d have to order the fans fixed. She flicked on the overhead light and it blinked a dozen times before it kicked in with an angry buzz. She didn’t remember the light in here being this harsh, or noisy. She’d get someone to look at that too. It was fortunate the room had survived the blaze at all, the heavy lab door beyond had obviously held back the worst of the heat and flames, whilst other parts of the Facility had been razed and while all her stores of John’s samples had been lost the arsonists had failed to destroy this place.

She walked around the room and ran her finger across the desk, checking for dust, but there was none. She studied the pencil drawings pinned to a board, the paper showed signs of having been balled up and smoothed out again. She re-pinned her favourite, a scene of a lightning struck tree, seared by a chance bolt from heaven, isolated, but still standing.

She opened the chest of drawers and smoothed her hand across the clothes folded neatly inside, she hoped they were the right size. She sat down on the freshly made bed and checked her watch, tapping the glass, it was nearly midnight.

She heard the door in the lab beyond open, and Private Williams call out, ‘Doctor, the jeep is ready to leave.’

Russell stood and crossed to the light switch. She took one last look around the room, and wondered if she should turn down the sheets but then decided that was too much. He was a grown man he could do that for himself. She thought of all the nights she had sat in the darkened lab watching John through the glass as he’d slept in this bed. She’d kept him safe in here, he wouldn’t see it that way but she had.

She switched off the light and left, closing the door to the glass tank behind her.



Chapter Twenty-Three

Flames were belching out of Treader’s building. Mann had seen the blaze from half a mile away and had run the last distance to stand helplessly beside a gaggle of onlookers watching the building burn. The place was an inferno from the ground up to the fifth floor. Mann could smell fuel on the smoke. This was the work of a fire-starter. The heat from the flames was hellish even at some distance, there was no chance anyone could get in, or out, alive, and Mann hoped Treader and his boy hadn’t been trapped inside. He strained to catch sight of the sixth floor balcony through the billowing smoke and for a brief moment thought he saw a dark figure and movement up there, but perhaps it was a trick of the shadows. Gunnar caught up to Mann just as he’d turned away from the building.

‘No accident.’ Said Gunnar, sniffing the air.

‘Chenko.’ Said Mann, and cursed. He had hoped to ask Treader to cancel the message to Keen about the rendezvous, if indeed it had been sent, and to tell her instead that he was heading east on David’s trail. He had no choice now but to make that rendezvous, though it wouldn’t take him and Gunnar too far off their road.



Chapter Twenty-Four

Mann stood beside the water trough in the white dawn light, the green water was frozen an inch thick and frost rimed the grass and sedges in the fields around him. A Rook wheeled overhead, annoyed by his presence in the landscape, it settled in the black skeletal branches of the line of trees nearby. Gunnar sat hunched on the ground resting against the trunk of one of those trees, perhaps dozing, perhaps keeping watch through sly eyes, Mann couldn’t tell.

A sudden flight of birds farther off claimed Mann’s attention. Keen and Amir must have scattered them. He began to advance slowly across the frozen ground to meet them, the brittle grass crunching beneath his feet.

The viaduct, arching gracefully over the fields had been the rendezvous point for his and Keen’s first exit from Brighton all those years before. Mann loved its black-brick immensity, it recalled the Abbey in some ways, wonders of the recent world both, marking the vaulting ambition of humans. The viaduct represented freedom of a kind too, a track from here to there, from a bad time in his life to a better one. On a return visit once he had seen a steam train, a rare and marvellous sight in itself, a food transport he supposed, thundering down the line overhead on its way to the coast. He’d promised himself one day to ride that train.

He scanned the field ahead and saw four darkly swathed figures walking towards him so he stopped abruptly. Not Keen and Amir then, perhaps the message hadn’t reached them after all. They wore identical face-masks, the lenses winking silver in the dawn light, and this alone told him they came organised, probably military. He turned to alert Gunnar but Gunnar had vanished amongst the trees. He turned his attention again to the advancing group and the figure at their centre drew his eye. This one cut a different dash, well wrapped and masked though she was he recognized her immediately, would know her anywhere. As the group drew closer he could see that the other three were armed. His hackles rose and he drew a lungful of air to calm himself, expelling it in a great plume of vapour, before resuming a slow, measured pace towards them.

‘John.’ Russell said softly when Mann stopped a short distance from her. ‘John, you’ve grown, you’re a man now, look at you.’ She seemed somehow proud of his achievement. He knew she had pictured him still as the youth she had last known. The image he’d held of her was really no different to the person standing before him, though perhaps her back wasn’t as straight, her shoulders not as square. He quickly assessed the soldiers for threat. All three carried guns but only the female amongst them also carried intent. He returned his attention to Russell.

‘I worried I wouldn’t recognise you, but I’d know you anywhere. You live your life as a preacher now?’ She said and her intimate tone was unsettling, she was playing this like a reunion between mother and son, long parted. He hadn’t known what to expect, but this was strange. He had thought to despise her on sight but he felt empty. ‘No word of greeting John?’ She continued.

His throat was dry and he had trouble forming words, ‘How is it you are here?’

‘It’s been a long road, down the years.’

‘I meant how did you know I’d be here today?’

One of the soldiers spoke, ‘Your movements are no longer secret.’

Russell turned in annoyance to the man, ‘Silence Tate.’

Mann’s mind raced, had Treader turned his coat at the last?

Russell spoke again, ‘We have a lot to catch up on John.’

He frowned at her in irritation, ‘You came here to gossip on old times? Did you think to bring hot tea and cake that we might picnic?’

‘I came to ask you to return with me John.’

Mann coughed out a bark of laughter ‘The years have been really unkind if you still believe that you and I share a destiny.’

‘Well, there is my work of course, and your responsibility…’

‘Don’t drip that poison into my ear,’ Mann said in a low voice, ‘you murdered my family off me.’ He felt a welcome flush of heat beneath the webbing undershirt and took two paces forward. Russell retreated by the same measure and the soldiers levelled their guns at him. He stood his ground. ‘You mean to finish me here? How would that forward your dream Doctor?’ He spat the last word with all the venom he could muster.

The barb hit its mark. ‘I worked night and day to find a cure, that is all. I made hard choices…’

‘Hard on who?’

‘They were hard choices for me. You think I’m a monster? You think I enjoyed keeping you locked in the tank? I believed, I still believe that a cure is worth any price, your family’s lives, your life, mine.’

‘Yours?’ Mann hawked a gob of spit at Russell and the female soldier’s gun spat a dart in reply. It thudded into Mann’s shoulder just as a knife whistled past him through the air and buried itself in the soldier’s throat. She hit the ground with a soft thump.

Mann masked his shock but Russell and both her men cried out and fell to their haunches, scouring the stand of trees where the knife had come from. The men gripped their guns tightly, the one called Tate now drew slightly shy of his mate, Mann noticed, and the other looked ready for flight. Russell dragged her eyes away from the trees and glared at him but with less confidence than before. He needed to press his small advantage while they were off balance.

He pulled the dart free of his shoulder and tossed it aside. ‘My hide is thicker now than before,’ he said, ‘and I want some answers.’

‘You are not in a position to make demands.’ She said.

He waved his arm in the direction of the trees, ‘I could order you finished here.’

‘Do that,’ she said, ‘and someone else will come in my stead, and someone else after him. You are too valuable to be let alone John.’

‘Then we knock heads for nothing. Beyond the pleasure it would give there is no point in ending you, you would never end me, and I would end myself before living in your tank again.’

‘We must have a vaccine John, everything leads to that and follows from it.’

‘You continue to push for a vaccine, woman,’ Mann said, ‘and more die in the pursuit than are saved.’

‘A world without a serum is a world without hope.’ She replied.

He shrugged off her words. ‘I said I wanted answers.’

‘I have answers for you.’ Tate took a step towards him and turned to face Russell and the other soldier. Is he choosing his side? Wondered Mann. Tate removed his mask.

‘Get back in line soldier.’ Russell shouted.

Tate looked at her with contempt, ‘Go choke.’ He said and turned to Mann. ‘There have been two unscrambled messages, detailing your movements, the first one came into the Facility where I traded its contents for a place inside this bitch’s team.’ Tate waved a dismissive hand in Russell’s direction and she bristled.

‘Evans.’ Russell shouted. ‘Put a bullet through that boy’s head.’

Mann looked on as Russell pushed her livid face close to Evans’s, which was as pale as hers was crimson. ‘That’s an order Private.’ She screamed.

Mann saw the confusion and fear in the young soldier. ‘Evans,’ Mann said, keeping his voice low but firm so there could be no mistaking its message. ‘Take your gun and leave this place. If you listen to her, if you stay here she will get you killed.’ Evans looked fearfully at him, down at the dead body of Williams and finally back at Russell’s twisted face, then he turned and raced away at a sprint with Russell’s curses yapping at his heels. She rounded on Mann and opened her mouth to speak just as Gunnar broke his cover and jogged over towards them.

‘We made a friend?’ Gunnar said, indicating Tate, as he bent to remove his knife from Williams’s neck and wipe it clean of blood on the grass.

‘Tate.’ Said Mann.

‘I’ve been working on the inside for a year.’ Said Tate, ‘Keen knows of me.’

‘Who is this slut Keen?’ Russell growled.

‘Have a care woman.’ Mann said with menace.

Gunnar waved his knife at Russell and spoke to Mann, ‘Shall I take her ears?’

Mann shrugged, ‘If she speaks again.’ He turned to Tate, ‘Two messages?’

‘The first was bounced out carelessly, and I believe others caught it too. It’s when the talk of Cobra began in Brighton, and how I believe Chenko tracked you.’

Mann looked to Gunnar, who replied, ‘He has a set.’

‘Then last night,’ Tate continued, ‘a second message, more narrowly focussed to us, revealing you’d be here. Evans caught that one, which is how we’re here.’

‘Treader.’ Mann said.

Tate paused for a moment as if deciding whether to proceed, and then fetched a folded piece of paper from his inside pocket. ‘There is this too Sir.’ He offered the paper to Mann, who reached slowly to take it from him.

‘What is it?’

‘Another means to trap you.’

As Mann lifted the paper from Tate’s fingers the sharp crack of a pistol shot echoed from behind him and Tate staggered backwards, Mann caught him as he fell and lowered him gently to the ground, while Gunnar swung about, slapped the smoking pistol from Russell’s hand and put his knife to her throat.

Mann lifted his gaze from the dark wound in Tate’s chest to his pale face. ‘Did she end me?’ Tate hissed through clenched teeth, as fear burned in his eyes.

‘It’s a flesh wound.’ Mann said, ‘Lucky for you Gunnar here is a surgeon. He’ll stitch you up good as new.’

Tate smiled at the lie then coughed out a gout of blood. Mann wiped it away with his cuff. A spasm ran through the soldier and he suddenly fixed Mann with an urgent stare as he fought to speak, ‘You’ve been gulled Sir.’

‘How?’

All Tate could manage now was a whisper and Mann had to put his ear close to hear what he said. An icy chill gripped him as Tate shuddered and died in his arms. He lowered the dead soldier to the ground and stood up. He unfolded the piece of paper Tate had handed him, crumpled and blood specked now. He studied it for a moment before refolding it and placing it in his pocket.

He turned to Gunnar and Russell, ‘Release her.’ He growled. Gunnar relinquished his hold on Russell and stepped away from her even as Mann covered the ground towards her in two strides. She hardly had time to react before his balled up fist smashed into her chin and sent her sprawling.

Gunnar made to speak but Mann stopped him with a raised hand, ‘Return to the car, this will be the work of moments.’ Gunnar seemed unsure but the cold look on Mann’s face was all the urging he needed.



Chapter Twenty-Five

John Mann sat beside the inert body of Doctor Russell. He recalled what she had said about a world without hope and thought about all those who had peopled the Earth before, wondered at what hopes they had stored up to shield themselves against bitter times. It seemed to him that no matter how small a hope it was the fact of its being that mattered. It gave meaning to life, a reason to walk out into the world.

Russell stirred beside him, groaning as she rolled her head. Her eyes flew open as awareness returned and she stiffened when she saw him so close.

He leaned over and held her shoulders to the ground as he dribbled a string of drool onto her face-mask. ‘Do I have your attention Doctor?’ he whispered. She nodded gingerly. He stood and watched her wipe carefully at the infected pool of spit with her sleeve, and then struggle to her feet. He turned and surveyed the bodies of Tate and Williams. ‘Look at what we do Doctor, look at what happens around us. I was a farm boy of 18 when you stole my youth and turned me into a killer. And you ended Tate without blinking.’

‘People like Tate don’t matter in the scheme of things.’

‘People like Tate are the scheme of things. That’s what you’ve never understood.’

She pulled herself to her feet, and adjusted her tone, ‘It doesn’t have to be this way John.’

‘It will always be this way with you Doctor.’ He turned to face her. ‘All my wits say I should end you here, end our story, avenge my family.’ He spoke quietly for he wanted her to hear no tremor in his voice. ‘I’m tired of living with your shadow clipped to my heels.’

She said nothing for moments, and then she reached up and slowly removed her mask, revealing the face he hadn’t seen for a decade, but remembered better than his own mother’s. There was a dark smudge of a bruise forming on her jaw where he’d hit her. But there was also a familiar fire in her eyes that had always unnerved him.

’My task was to save lives’. She said, ‘I thought if I could save even one life, then we wouldn’t have lost everyone for nothing, and I wouldn’t be...’ she faltered for a moment, ‘I lost family too John, I lost…’ She stopped again and bit at her lip to stop it trembling, ‘I kept you in the tank to keep you safe from the world outside. I would use you for good but there are those out there, closing in, who would use you for ill. John we could be one mutation away from extinction, don’t you care?’

‘Maybe the choke was sent to end us. Maybe it’s time for us to let go.’

Russell laughed without warmth, ‘You wear that collar and yet you would help save none of us?’

‘I wear this collar because I know that I am not the Saviour and it is not for me to decide who will live and who will perish. Unlike you Doctor.’

The heat returned to her eyes. ‘Let us work together John. There have been advances, I myself have had new ideas.’

‘I cannot save the world, I know you think I should try but it’s not my path.’

Her impatience showed in the twitch of an eyelid, a tic he remembered well.

‘John, I’ve never had the chance to say how sorry I am that….’

‘No.’ he shouted over her. ‘Don’t you dare offer up a hollow apology as your last throw.'

She looked defiant and his temper broke. He took her by the shoulders and shook her hard. She raised her arms to protect herself and he saw the watch on her wrist. He stared at it for moments and then released her, roughly.

She rubbed at her shoulders, ‘I found it in your room after you’d gone. I’ve been keeping it for you John.’ A sharp needle of pity lanced his heart. ‘Here.’ she said, unstrapping the watch and pressing it on him.

‘You’ve slipped into delusion old woman. You think of me somehow as your own and I’m not, I never was.’

‘We are shackled together.’ She said.

‘Then break the chain.’ He said and dropped the watch and ground it into the hard earth with his boot. She brought her hand to her mouth in shock, as if this was the most barbaric thing she had seen here this day.

He looked at her with bafflement, ‘My heart was so brimful of hate for you for so long that it almost drowned everything else and I lived a half-life without purpose. I reckoned to meet you again as a ghost bringing vengeance, like some angel of death. But here in this frozen field, now, I realise that if I end you I’ll never be free of you, or whole. I’ll never escape your glass tank Doctor. You walk away from here today because I have found purpose in the world. There is a boy who needs me, and there is someone else who replaced all the hate in my heart, something even God couldn’t do, and I’ll strive ‘til the end of my days to be worthy of that gift.’

‘It’s you who are deluded if you think you can have a normal life as others do.’ She sneered.

He laughed ‘I know that better than anyone, so don’t reckon on bruising me with your taunts.’ He slapped a hand against his webbing clad chest, ‘You’ve seen that I’m armoured now, and please, for your sake, don’t think to test its strength. For all I’ve said here, you meddle in my world again woman and I swear I’ll bring God’s own fury down upon you.’

He pulled a plastic case of micro-syringes out of his pocket and held it up to show her. She looked at it quizzically.

‘And now, before we part, I wish to trade for information.’ He said.



Chapter Twenty-Six

Keen sat behind the wheel of the car parked in front of the farmhouse. She leaned her head out of the window for the second time and yelled, ‘Amir, come on!’

He appeared at a run from the farmhouse and crossed around to the passenger door of the car.

‘What were you up to?’

He climbed into his seat and slammed the door, ‘Nothing.’

‘We agreed to be away at first light.’

‘Then drive.’

‘Gah.’ Keen started the engine and slammed the van into gear, ‘Here.’ She handed Amir his pistol and he placed it on the floor between his feet. A moment after she slipped the clutch she saw Mann materialise in the lane ahead. ‘John?’ She stamped on the brakes and was out of the car in moments and running across the rutted ground to embrace him. ‘How are you here? You found the boy?’

Mann released himself from her grip and shook his head. He looked up to see Amir step out of the car, rubbing at his cricked neck.

‘You nearly put me through the window.’ He said to Keen, then looked at Mann, ‘This is a surprise.’

‘I imagine.’ Mann replied.

‘You seem frosty.’ Said Amir, warily.

‘I’ve come with a heart full of winter.’

Keen looked from one man to the other, ‘What is it John?’

‘Some days ago a broadcast told of the roads I’d most likely be found on. It’s how Chenko’s men tracked me. Another this morning pinned me exactly.’

Keen was puzzled, ‘Who..?’

Mann spoke over her question. ‘Ask Amir if he caught the message from Treader to you and bounced it out again, telling Russell of my whereabouts at the viaduct.’

'Dr Russell?' Keen gasped as she turned a dark look from Mann to Amir. Mann fetched a folded piece of paper from his pocket, the same piece Tate had given him earlier. Mann crushed it into a ball and threw it at Amir’s feet.

‘Then ask him why he inked a Cobra glyph into my arm for all to read. And finally, ask him why he steps out amongst friends with a gun.’

Keen swore softly under her breath. Mann gave her a searching look and she turned glittering eyes on him, ‘I had a glimmer of doubt.’

Amir stepped forward and raised his pistol, ‘I meant to deliver you to the government John, not a Russian outlaw.’

Mann narrowed his eyes.

‘And neither did I mean for the woman and her son to get hurt.’

‘You own to it all then?’ Mann said grimly.

‘John you belong with Russell, we must have a vaccine.’

Mann saw Keen stiffen beside him and grasped her hand.

Mann looked back to Amir, ‘Did Russell somehow bewitch you?’

‘I’ve all along thought it John. Even when we first met I thought you wrong to ignore your debt. I hoped you’d come to it in your own time but…’ Amir shook his head, he looked tenderly at Keen, ‘You’ll realise the sense of this once there is a serum to fix us all.’

‘A pox on your fix.’ Keen hissed, ‘This is John you’re betraying.’

‘Will you always take his part against me?’ Amir shouted, ‘I see how you huddle in corners together, not even hiding your feelings from me.’

‘You make this about us?’ Keen cried.

‘Will I ever be first in your eyes?’ Amir looked at her with a pained expression.

‘This is between you and me,’ Mann said, ‘leave Keen out of this.’ But Amir ignored him. His eyes were still fixed on his wife.

‘Do you even have an answer for me?’

‘You would see him pinned and studied like a Brimstone for jealousy?’

‘I would see you look at me the way you look at him.’

‘When the sight of you sickens me now?’ Cried Keen.

Mann stepped towards Amir, and placed a hand on his arm, ‘Listen friend.’

Distraught, Amir rounded on Mann ‘Not friend,’ he shouted, ‘Never friend.’ And with a backhand swipe of his pistol he whipped Mann across the face and sent him sprawling to the ground. A deep cut opened on Mann’s cheekbone and as he raised his fingers to it Amir stepped forward and fired his pistol down into Mann’s heart.

Mann’s head rang from Amir’s blow and he fought to stay aware as he pawed at his own chest expecting to feel a hot flow of gore where there was none. He looked again at Amir and saw his confusion. Amir spun round to Keen and took her by the throat with one hand while he pushed his gun into her face with the other, ‘You would have sent me into a fight with blank bullets?’

‘A fight of your making.’ She hissed.

‘I chose a future free of the choke for us, and I chose it over John, that is my only crime.’

‘Your crime is that you just pulled the trigger, and that choice killed you and I stone dead.’

Amir hammered the gun butt into the side of Keen’s head, she yelped in pain and her knees gave out. He dropped the gun and put his other hand to her throat. His face darkened by rage, Amir alone held Keen upright as he began to throttle the life from her. Mann forced himself to his feet and ran at Amir, hoping to knock him off balance, but Amir shrugged him off. Mann could see that Keen was failing as she weakly tried to loosen Amir’s grip.

Gunnar arrived in the yard at a run, knife drawn. Mann waved him back with a shouted ‘No’. Then with only a second’s pause, he smeared his hand through the blood coursing down his own cheek and stepped up behind Amir, snaking his arm around him to cup his gore slick hand over the other man’s face. Amir snarled with anger and tried to break free of his grip, in doing so he released Keen who fell to the ground heaving for breath.

Amir twisted around to face Mann and butted him hard in the face. Pain exploded behind Mann’s eyes and he fell to the ground, rolling away from Amir as he did so. He shook his head to be free of the agony blinding him to Amir’s next move, worried Keen may be in danger again. Through slitted eyes, he located Amir, a body length away. He was standing statue still, glowering down at Mann. His face was smeared with Mann’s blood, his eyes were filled with tears, drool began to leak from the corner of his lips and he choked, once. Then Keen stepped up beside him and put a bullet through his head.

Mann lay back on the cold ground and looked to the sky to see birds scatter in fright. He could smell cordite and hear the gun shot echoing between the farm buildings. All his troubled days together had never brought such a feeling of desolation as he felt now. Keen’s howl raised the hairs on his nape and he looked over to see her on her knees beside Amir’s body. With an effort he crawled to kneel beside her, and he held her, speaking softly into her hair while she shivered in his arms.



Chapter Twenty-Seven

Mann rubbed unconsciously at the tattoo beneath his sleeve, as Keen dabbed at the blood on his battered face with a wet cloth. He looked at the livid bruising on her throat, at her temple, and at the pain in her eyes.

‘Those glyphs will have to be fixed.’ She croaked, in a harsh voice.

He stopped rubbing at his arm and nodded assent. She dropped the cloth into the bowl of water between them and stood, turning her attention to Gunnar out in the front yard, winding Amir’s body in a sheet.

‘He may just deliver you straight to this Chenko.’ She turned to Mann, ‘You trust him?’ she whispered, and then smiled bitterly, ‘Trust has suddenly become as fragile as a wren’s egg.’

Mann stood up beside her, ‘I have to hope his word is good.’ He looked down into her face, veiled by a dark shroud of clouds. ‘You will go to Jakob then?’

She nodded and a tear broke down her cheek. She had been adamant she would go with him and Gunnar, he had been firm she would not. She must go to her brother at the Abbey and heal. He hated to part from her but he knew he was right when she pushed no harder. It told him all. He had never seen her this low. He thought of her always as a force of life, as if the world channelled through her. He remembered her in Brighton years before, fighting with gun and fist, patching up the wounded, leading their escape. There was seemingly nothing she couldn’t face down or increase and make better except, now, this. She seemed suddenly broken, in a fundamental way that spoke of defeat. And the thought that her spirit might never mend filled him with dread. He swallowed hard to rid himself of the tang of old coins in his mouth that might have been the taste of blood, or fear.

‘I will come back to you…’ he started, but she put a finger to his lips to silence him.



Chapter Twenty-Eight

Gunnar sat in the passenger seat of Mann’s car, parked at the edge of a field. Through the windscreen he could see Mann standing at the field margin, staring out across the tall grasses where wheat once grew.

Gunnar returned his attention to sharpening his best blade on a whetstone, and testing its edge against his thumb.

Mann opened the driver’s door and got into the car, shutting the door quietly behind him.

Gunnar looked at Mann’s bruised face in profile. ‘She could narrow it no better than this field?’ he said.

Mann shook his head.

‘Still at least you know now where they rest.’

Mann nodded and they fell into silence for a moment. ‘What will the good Doctor be testing my piss for right now do you think?’ Gunnar’s question lightened the mood for a moment and Mann smiled but the dark cast soon returned to his face.

‘Why didn’t you finish her?’ Gunnar asked, ‘She scattered my family unmarked in a field, I wouldn’t have let her live.’

‘It’s complicated.’ Said Mann.

‘It seems to be the run of things around you.’ Gunnar replied.

‘Mostly.’ Mann said.

Mann dug in his pocket and lifted out a locket on a chain, which he hung from the mirror. Gunnar lifted his eyebrow in question.

‘It’s for David.’ Mann said, ‘And a promise I mean to keep.’ He turned the keys in the ignition, and the engine roared to life as he headed the car back onto the road leading east.

###

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave me a review, I'd really appreciate it.

Thank you.

Charles Barrow



Excerpts from The Darkening Days of John Mann

If you’ve enjoyed reading The Stolen Days of John Mann then why not download the next instalment of John Mann’s story, The Darkening Days of John Mann.

Read some excerpts from it below.

The Darkening Days of John Mann

Chapter One

John Mann looked down into the ruined face of the young woman on the ground. The crows had taken her eyes. He cast a glance over to the lifeless bodies of the old man and woman on the other side of the farmyard. They’d all been dead for perhaps half a day, their heads stove in. A gory shovel lay on the cobbles nearby and Mann had to guess this had been used to end them. He looked again at the young woman lying at his feet and bent to pull the hem of her dress back down over her knees. There was no dignity in death, he knew, and she’d moved far beyond the all too human need of it anyway, into the care of the Almighty now, but he would do what he could for her. He studied her broken hand with its torn nails. She’d fought hard to defend herself and whoever had done this would bear the scars of her dying rage.

He stood again and viewed the smouldering farmhouse. The fire was doing its best to consume the damp and decrepit building but was losing the battle. If it couldn’t manage flame it could certainly deliver smoke and great choking billows of it swept the yard now, stinging Mann’s eyes and catching in his throat. It was the great pall of smoke, seen from a distance that had brought Mann and Gunnar to a halt here.

Gunnar stepped out of a nearby cinder block barn, his face muffled against the thick fumes, and crossed the yard to where Mann stood, ‘A hit for fuel and food.’ He pointed to the remnants of a woodpile, ‘And there are a score of empty hutches in the barn.’

Mann shook his head in disgust. ‘Three dead for rabbits and kindling when we are surrounded by woodland?’

Gunnar indicated the dead woman at their feet, ‘They took more than they carried away.’

‘We bury them.’ Mann growled and began to remove his coat.

Gunnar placed a hand on his arm, ‘No.’

Mann shook his arm free of Gunnar’s grip, ’I will not pass by and leave them to the birds.’

Gunnar gazed into Mann’s angry face, still bruised and swollen from Amir’s beating, ‘I meant not to leave them here either,’ Gunnar said, ‘we will return them to their home and build the fire, and then you will say some words to send them on their way.’

Mann opened his mouth to protest the burnings but suddenly felt weary and realized Gunnar was right. They were too depleted to dig graves and it mattered not to the dead either way. ‘It’s a good plan.’ He finally said. Gunnar nodded and walked away to where the old couple lay.

It had been the work of two hours to cremate the bodies and send their souls to a more peaceful place. Their ashes would scatter in the coming winter winds and the woodland around would slowly reclaim the farm and there would be nothing left to mark their lives, their struggle and their passing. Except the memory of them, Mann thought, I will keep their memory alive until that too is replaced by the memory of others I’ve yet to bury. It did seem the bitterest luck that these people had escaped death by the choke only to meet it by the hands of someone who coveted what they’d worked hard to store away against lean times.



Chapter Two

Moving at a careful pace down a cracked and weed matted road, Mann was happy to have Gunnar drive. They had put a good distance between themselves and the south coast and were moving into unknown territory now. They were at the limits of Mann’s knowledge of the area, gained from his travels visiting the old, the ill and the spiritually desperate, while Gunnar knew better the land around where they were headed, but this left many miles of road and track in between that neither of them were familiar with. More to be feared than the open roads were the towns and villages they may have to enter on occasion for food and black market fuel. Since the inked ID on Mann’s arm now flagged him as the fugitive Cobra his access to rationed fuel, sanctioned for preachers, was denied them. This meant that they would have to trade en route to their destination. As if able to read his mind Gunnar spoke, ‘We’ll need to stop for fuel soon.’

Gunnar cast a glance across at Mann in the passenger seat and didn’t see the girl step directly out into the path of the car. Mann shouted a warning and grabbed at the steering wheel as Gunnar stamped on the brakes. The car veered and screeched to a halt just a body length short of the girl. The men rocked back in their seats and sat a moment collecting their wits as the panicked girl rushed to the driver’s side window. Mann took the girl in at a glance, a teenager perhaps, she was slender and slight, with a tumble of unruly black hair, a patched blue dress and a thin brown coat.

‘Help me please.’ She cried as she reached Gunnar’s window, ‘It’s my baby, please come.’

Mann looked past Gunnar and into the muffled face of the girl. ‘Calm, calm, where is the baby? What is the panic?’

‘Please preacher my baby is ill. Not the choke, he’d have passed two hours since if it was.’

‘I’ll come.’ Said Mann. Gunnar shot him a quizzical look. Mann shrugged, ‘A preacher’s lot.’

Mann got out of the car and the girl spoke again to Gunnar, ‘Please Sir, you too, we’ll have need of your help.’ She opened Gunnar’s door and began to pull at his arm.

‘Whoa, whoa.’ Gunnar muffled his face as he climbed out of the car ‘I have no skill with babies.’

‘Perhaps then with the knives at your belt?’ The gruff voice came from the trees behind Gunnar, as did the unmistakable sound of a rifle’s hammer being cocked. Gunnar spun around to meet the sounds as Mann tensed in expectation of a volley of fire. Instead three masked men appeared. The one who had spoken came crashing out of the undergrowth between the roadside trees, rifle raised and aimed at Gunnar. Another man appeared in the road behind the car, shotgun shouldered. Mann turned at the lighter tread of the third climbing out of a ditch beside the road. He had a pistol levelled.

‘You any good with that knife Mister?’ The first and biggest man continued.

‘Lay down your arms and find out.’ Gunnar replied.

The big man laughed, ‘And how about you preacher? You got any fighting talk in you?’

‘I’ll play no part in killing a preacher Will.’ Warned the man near the ditch.

‘Donal’s right Will,’ the one with the shotgun called, ‘that ain’t what we came for.’

‘Be fun though, wouldn’t it Todd?’

Mann took a moment to study all three men who clearly had no fear of being named. Brothers, he thought, unmistakably. He looked at the girl too, who had moved a short way away and stood holding her thin coat tightly around her, and she their sister. They all shared pale skin and blue eyes and dark, dark hair. And the one called Will had facial markings that made Mann’s hackles rise now that he saw them clearly, two fresh tramline gouges tracked from the corner of his eye to disappear down beneath his mask. Mann promised himself he would ask some hard questions of this Will given the chance.

The one called Todd spoke again, ‘Rosie, get the keys.’ The girl took a hesitant step towards Gunnar and stopped when he turned his gaze on her.

‘Highway robbery, Rosie, is that what you’re about?’ Gunnar said.

‘Keys.’ Todd repeated, with more urgency this time, and the girl covered the ground to Gunnar quickly and held out her hand to him. Gunnar glanced at Mann over the roof of the car and raised his eyebrows in question. Mann knew what was being asked; can we take them? What are our odds? Mann took in the two brothers in his sight, both masked against the choke and out of range anyway, both with guns cocked and if only one gun was loaded neither he nor Gunnar would walk away from this. Mann shot a look back at Gunnar and shook his head.

‘The keys.’ Rosie said to Gunnar, ‘Please.’ He gave her a grim look and she returned his look with some defiance of her own, but hers was tinged with fear. Mann could see this and realized it wasn’t Gunnar who unsettled her. She betrayed herself when she flicked her eyes at her brother Will. She fears him more than us, Mann thought. He watched Gunnar press the car key into Rosie’s outstretched palm and saw her whisper a few words to Gunnar that he himself didn’t catch. This was the work of moments and she was already stepping backwards and clear of the car.

‘Now Gentlemen,’ Will called, ‘you’ll be lying face down in the road for us.’

Chapter Three

Jakob stepped out through the heavy oak door of the Abbey and the chill wind whipped at his robes, snatching the hood from his head. Autumn was racing into winter as the clouds flew over the Island and on towards the mainland without pause. A noisy skein of geese passed overhead and Jakob shuddered to think how desolate their distant home must be if they left it to over-winter in the bleak fields here. The countless scarlet berries on all the trees around him warned of a long, harsh winter ahead. He pulled his hood back over his head, holding it tight under his chin with one hand while he gathered the hem of his robe in the other and set off across the yard towards the pasture where he could see his twin sister Keen sitting astride the stile in the far fence.

He was worried about her. In the few days since she had arrived she had said little, eaten less and slept not at all as far as he knew. John had brought her here to mend, as she had once brought him, and Jakob was determined she should mend whole again. He couldn’t remember a time when she hadn’t been strong and it scared him a little to see her so depleted. She had always had an appetite for life that he seemed to lack and she was as fierce in her loves as she was in her vengeance, if crossed, and her husband Amir had felt the bitter truth of that as the last thing he’d known in this life. Balanced against his worry for her in her current condition was always his fear of her getting well and leaving, heading out again into a world where she drew attention and trouble like a magnet.

He made his way over to the stile and sat beside her. She stared resolutely away towards the sea beyond the Abbey and the land beyond that though he knew that all she really saw was the past. 'What has happened to me?' She said without turning to look at him. Her hands were clenched tight in her lap and Jakob placed his hand on hers to calm them. 'All I do is sit and weep.'

'You have come through a bad ordeal.'

The wind whipped at her wild hair and she continued as if he had not spoken at all. 'After we lost Marshall and Peter in Brighton and John was safely here I gave up. I just surrendered...I settled.' She turned her sad face to him and Jakob looked at the deep lines around her eyes that he’d not noticed before. She put her hand, absently to the bruising that Amir had left at her throat.

‘He would not have hurt you had he known.’ Jakob said.

'His betrayal alone was a knife in my heart.' She said bitterly, 'And look at the complication he's brought down upon John.'

'John can take care of himself.'

'I have always had to watch out for him. He always looks for the best in people. It'll be his undoing.'

'He took an oath before God to find David and God will watch over him, bring him back to us.'

Her eyes were full of pain. 'You seem very sure.'

'As you must be.'

'And strong enough for two now.' She whispered.



Chapter Four

Russell paced the floor of the laboratory, the broken plastic of the micro-syringes Mann had given her crunching underfoot. She had dimmed the lab lights so as to shield her presence but she herself was bright with anger, anger at herself for having been duped so easily. She had been so eager to believe that the darts held samples from John that she had not for a moment considered otherwise. She absolutely held him to be a man of his word, as a youth he had always worn his heart on his sleeve and never dissembled and she had thought this fact would still hold true. Naïve of her when everyone else lied to thrive and survive, why not him? She didn’t regret revealing the whereabouts of his parent’s gravesite in the exchange, in some ways it was a relief to be rid of that burden, but she could now kick herself for not being more wary of his eagerness to trade. Why would he be so keen to hand her the makings of a weapon, for such he believed? No matter how many times she had tried to impress upon him that while others might harvest him for ill use all she cared about was finding a cure.

Still, despite his trickery, his anger and his threats, it had been good to finally stand face to face with him again, to know that he lived and that her decade of hoping and waiting hadn’t been in vain. But her plans hadn’t solidified in her grasp either, she still didn’t have John or any test specimens, and her time in the Facility was a counting down clock. She’d let it be known that she’d returned alone from Brighton because she’d sent her team to investigate another rumour of John’s appearance and she didn’t want to still be around, at least without high cards to play, when they failed to return, or worse, their bodies were discovered.

John had been right when he’d claimed to have clipped her wings. Her options were indeed now limited, but he was in for a rude surprise if he thought he had drawn her sting completely.

###



About Charles Barrow

Charles Barrow lives in the South of England. He studied English Literature and Film at University. He currently works as a tour guide, recounting tales to visitors. He enjoys writing stories for readers too. He admires John Wyndham, John Christopher and Henning Mankell for their spare prose. He grew up in the shadow of the nuclear arms race, and his formative influence was the 1975 BBC television series ‘Survivors’, set in a post-apocalyptic Britain. It's fair to say that the resulting paranoia feeds into his current fiction. But despite fearing that the Earth of the future will be far less ‘peopled’ than it currently is he remains an optimistic soul.

Connect with Charles Barrow

Email: cbarrowbooks@gmail.com

Find his blog at barrowstories.blogspot.co.uk

Follow him at https://twitter.com/cbarrowbooks

Read his Smashwords interview at https://www.Smashwords.com/interview/CharlesBarrow

