 Under Dark Sky Law
	
“Argon, get off me,” she said. 
The man groaned. “Just a few more minutes, I'm wiped,” he said. 
She let out a loud puff of air and grunted, moving her hips underneath the weight of his sweaty abdomen. “Yeah, you’re wiping it all over me. Now get the hell off so I can go take a shower,” she said. 
The room was dark, but enough light trickled in from a few illegal lights around the perimeter of the building that she could see the spiky outline of the top of Argon’s hair. Stubble from the side of his cheek scraped against the soft white skin of her chest, and the sweat festering between them added to the sticky chafing. 
He pushed himself up with his arms, the long top curl of his bright orange hair falling across his left eye. “Man, Xero, you’re such a killjoy,” he said and finished rolling off her. “There’s no hot water right now anyway.” 
She shimmied her legs off the side of the bed, her toes dangling a few centimeters from the dirty floor. The wood had slowly been deteriorating, breaking apart under the corrosive environment. A barefoot trip across the planks almost surely meant at least a few minor splinters prickling your heels. At least they had wood floors—most people in this district were stuck with sludge and mud floors that never quite dried because of the rising water table and landfill debris slowly heaving towards the surface. 
She stuck her tongue out into the dark. “Yuck, I hate it when you grind your fucking spunk into my goddamn belly button,” she said. She brushed at the tacky tendrils that were rapidly drying into a hearty crust. “I would much rather take a cold shower than just let this shit dry on me.” 
Argon flopped on the bed with his arms sprawled wide like a starfish, with the worn grey sheets tangled into a ball around his left foot. His toes found their way through a gaping whole in the dingy sheets and he kicked for a moment to free himself. “Fuckin’ sheets,” he muttered. “Need to do another raid and get some better stuff back in here.” 
She turned her head around to stare at the outline of his figure in the dark. “I’ve been saying that for months. This place is falling apart again,” she said. 
He covered his eyes with the palms of his hands. “Just go wipe yourself off with a wash cloth or something and come back to bed. I don’t want to sleep next to you while you’re all cold and wet,” he said. 
“Tough titty, fucker. And when I get back, you better have that shit wiped off real good or you can sleep on the floor with the roaches,” she said and smacked him hard on the bicep. He grunted and the sheets rustled underneath him as he groped in her direction.
She vaulted off the bed to avoid getting smacked in return, and her feet skidding against the floor a few feet from the bathroom. “Fuck,” she whispered as splinters slid into her flesh. 
“Bitch,” he called after her. 
“Love you too, asshole,” she said and walked the rest of the way into the bathroom. 
They were lucky enough to have tiles for their bathroom floor. Their squalor was downright old world Beverly Hills ritzy for this area, but still, the formerly white tiles were broken and cragged like the surface of an active volcano, spotted with mold from too many years of excessive moisture and bacteria seepage. Having running water that was somewhat clean was another luxury in and of itself, and Xero wasn’t one to bitch and moan when shit could be way worse. Shit could be far better too, but this was only a temporary situation. She was of a mind that you had to take life by the balls and make things happen if you wanted to make anything change. A few months of a little cold water, mold, and dirty sheets wasn’t about to stop her. 
The window in the bathroom had crusted over again with river debris, and the door was too narrow to let in any of the stray light that had snuck into the bedroom.  They were all proficient in wandering around in near total darkness, but there was something so vulnerable about taking a shower. Maybe it was a lingering effect of too many horror movies when she was a kid, or just too many nights of getting jumped in the pits, but she wasn’t a fan of depriving herself of too many senses or defenses. They actually had a good supply of votive candles and old school matches from one of their most recent runs. Deep in the pits there was just too much CO2 for things to burn smoothly, so they weren’t worth much in terms of trade commodities, but they were useful for some moderate home lighting down in the river flats. 
Still, she didn’t like wasting things, so they went without extra light whenever possible. She groped across the edge of the bathroom sink, knocking some half-used tea lights into the bowl before her hands snatched a small box of matches. She inhaled the almost pleasant sulfur sent from the match strike and lit three of the white tea lights. It wasn’t really enough light to do anything significant with, but at least it made her feel moderately better. If nothing else it might help keep Argon from getting the drop on her if he felt like getting back at her for giving him shit. 
The mirror above the sink was cracked in half diagonally and the top chunk had long since bit the dust. Flecks of rust dotted the remaining chunk, and she leaned in close to a spot that was still mostly undamaged. Her right eye was a clear and bright green, but she leaned to one side and put the left eye up close to the mirror. The blood that had seeped into the white part was slowly fading, but it was still visible, and a healing purple and yellow bruise ringed the bottom quarter of the orbit like a puffy half moon. It was a good reminder of what would happen if you were too slow or lazy down in the pits. 
Her neon green mohawk had spikes shooting up in a frizzy mess in several directions thanks to the aggressive ride she’d had on the bottom with Argon. He was a royal pain in the ass, and sometimes a straight up dick bag, but he was always good for a hard lay, and he played one hell of a mean guitar. The shaved sides of her head were starting to grow back and she made a mental note to take care of that on their next run out of the flats. She’d begun leaving her thick black eyebrows alone except for her slight unibrow, which she preferred to keep plucked, but that too had grown back after too many weeks stuck in the shack. 
“Gross,” she said under her breath when she discovered some of Argon’s spunk holding up a chunk of her ‘hawk like trailer trash hair gel. This was worth breaking out some actual soap for. They were down to one half bar of genuine soap. After fishing it out from under the bathroom cabinet, she quickly tossed the molded wrapper and scraped off a few pieces of fuzzy blue mold that had taken hold on the surface of the smooth white soap. She shook her head in dismay—nothing was sacred here, not even the soap got to escape the effects of the mildew and grunge. Sometimes she wondered why she even bothered trying to keep things clean in the first place. 
The torn shower curtain was clear with faded green dots, which was nice because it helped obscure some of the predictable mold. Whenever they finally left this place behind for good, it would be too soon before she ever saw another clump of fucking fungus again. Part of her wondered if they ever really would be out of here for good. There was something about the place that kept them coming back again and again. Disgusting as it was, it was always a little more like home than the pits, but at least in the pits it was too dry for any spores to take hold anywhere. What she wouldn’t give to smuggle some bleach out of the narrows. 
“I hear paper crackling in there, are you using our last bar of soap?” Argon called. “Over a little spooge? Save that shit for the next time we have to do a sewer crawl for fuck’s sake!” 
“Fuck off,” Xero called back. She turned on the taps in the bathtub and missed whatever he said after that over the roar of the water. “If we have to do another sewer run, odds are we’ll get soap again anyway.” 
The water tank must have absorbed a good amount of the heat of the day because the water was blissfully warm. It wasn’t anywhere near an actual hot shower, but it was a small step up from the nipple biting dousing that she was expecting. Partly to enjoy the unexpectedly warm shower and partly to piss off Argon, she soaped herself vigorously from head to toe, working up a big sudsy lather. After she was convinced that their abused loofah had been rinsed enough to be just this side of disgusting, she smeared the bar into it and used up almost all of the soap, smothering herself in loofah induced suds. 
With the water going full blast she couldn’t figure out what he was saying, but she could hear Argon screeching something out there in the bedroom. She was going to be pissed off if he barged into the bathroom and ruined the nice shower vibe she had going on. It was too bad she didn’t allow anyone in the crew to do Alphamine, because it would seriously chill you out, and Argon seemed like he was on the verge of tweaking. Until Neptune figured out a way to take the edge off some of Alphamine’s doping effects she wasn’t going to let anyone get away with zonking themselves out with that crap. They say a true professional never does their own product, and she was a believer in that. 
She turned off the water and threw open the tattered shower curtain. Argon was still causing an obnoxious ruckus, but she held back a retort long enough to ring the water from the long green fringe of her Mohawk. After debating whether it was worth searching for an undoubtedly mildew-ridden towel, she bent down to look for a one, and was glad she had bothered to light the candles. Without the water going she could hear Argon giving off quiet squeaks in between the louder outbursts. Thanks to the candles she was able to see the skeleton straddling his ass, strangling him with a piece of wire.  
Argon’s face was smashed into the pillows, and he was using the considerable strength of his upper body to try and push himself up and away from the bed and the bite of the wire around his neck. But the skeleton had leverage—caught in a vulnerable facedown position, Argon was at terrible disadvantage, and they were locked in a see-saw battle of wills as they pushed and pulled against each other. If it hadn’t been on obvious skeleton perched on his back, she would have been turned on by what might have been a spontaneous sexual encounter. Casual sex was anything but unusual in these parts, and she had walked in on more than one unsavory scene involving Argon and choice passersby of various genders.  She was glad for the STD blasters, but taking a shot of one of those in the thigh was never pleasant. She would have quit banging Argon long ago if she hadn’t been just as bad herself. 
After a moment of considering whether Argon might take a roll with a Skeleton just for shits and giggles, something new, she shook her head once to clear the last water blobs from her forehead. Even Argon wasn’t stupid enough to fuck a skeleton, but he was stupid enough to let one of them get the drop on him. 
She forced a jet of air out between her teeth. “You fucking idiot,” she said. The skeleton didn’t have a good enough hold on Argon for him to be in imminent danger of passing out, but with the limited lighting she was worried about more skeleton invaders hiding in the rest of the house. Fortunately, Xero was the kind of person that believed in being ready for anything. They had gone back and forth again constantly as a group about whether or not it was worth hoarding any firearms for emergencies. In the last three years the Dome Drones had really upped their gun monitoring program capabilities, and they had decided it was too risky to keep any guns in any house that might be connected to their business. It was a decision that had been paying off—they had seen many a rival fall without any of them lifting a finger because even old school six shooters were too easy for the grid police to pick up these days. 
Guns or no, she was ready. She reached behind the bathroom door to find one of the many weapons she typically kept stashed discreetly around any of their operations. Given the sharp nature of most of these implements, she typically would have tread carefully around these arrays, but once her hand struck blank wood she panicked. More splinters dug into the calloused flesh of her palm while she flailed for any of her normal weapons, her eyes fixated on the battle between Argon and the Skeleton. Sometimes she wanted to stab that fuck, but she didn’t actually want him to die. And Neptune was more of a sociopath than any of them—if her pet chemist were killed Xero would never live it down. 
She squinted her eyes and slammed her fist against the door. “Son of a fucking bitch,” she said. The door was naked. All of her weapons were gone, and she didn't have time to think about what might have happened to them. Some heads were going to roll, and hopefully it wouldn’t be Argon’s. He had a big dick, a big brain, big hair, and big fingers. Replacing him would be difficult. 
Given how hard it would be to find a substitute for Argon, she shouldn’t have cared about the bareknuckle boxing. It was the thought of all of the blood, and the knowledge that she’d just blown their last soap supply on a petty vengeance extravaganza that made her hesitate. Blood was just this side shy of better than semen. 
It had only been a few moments since she’d emerged from the shower, but an eternity had probably passed for Argon. When he thrashed, the wire let up around his neck for just a second, and he was able to pull a few gasps of air into his lungs. She wanted to shush him. His loud noises were still obscuring the other environmental cues that she wanted to pick up. The light from the candles gave her a faint glow that extended just past the bathroom and onto the gruesome battle on the bed. Ironically, if they’d been out in the pits where technology was supposed to be dead, their lux estate would have had all the surveillance equipment that they needed. In the flats they lived like they were supposed to live. 
Argon’s cries were becoming more strident with each passing second. She rolled her eyes, took one last look into the ether, and leapt towards the skeleton. Both of her fists made contact with the Skeleton’s mid-back, striking against the meat of the assailant’s ribs with even more force than she intended. Leverage was everything. With the wind knocked out of him, Xero had a second chance to catch the Skeleton off guard. She was taller and heavier than your average female, and that was just fine with her. That extra height that gave her automatic command over her subordinates and she it gave her a definite advantage in fighting. 
First priority was getting the skeleton off Argon’s throat. She reached around its head and grabbed it by its eye sockets. As she dug her thumbs into the skeleton’s eye holes, she jammed her knee into his spine, torqueing his head and back into a painful position. The skeleton kept screaming, and as annoying as it was, she was glad the intruder was such a pussy. With all that commotion, any back up would have already made its way there. Either they thought this would be an isolated hit—a random takedown of a slightly wealthy Flats dweller, or the skeleton’s shift leader was a complete and total fucktard. Sending one person to take on multiple Grease Weasels was straight up suicide, although Argon’s less than stellar reaction time wasn’t speaking volumes for their reputation
Thoughts about whether or not it would be worth torturing or testing the subject crossed her brain in milliseconds. Too much work. With another quick jerk she pulled back again on the Skeleton’s head and flung all her weight towards the opposite wall. By pure luck when they crashed into an old wooden dresser on the other side of the room, the skeleton was the one to smash face first into the hard wooden drawers. There was another bonus to landing next to the dresser, besides its face-smashing abilities. With another set of fluid movements that had a dancer’s grace, she stomped the skeleton’s head against the floor with her foot, reached behind the dresser, withdrew a long machete from a small depression in the wall, and rammed it through the center of its chest. 
The skeleton was already unconscious, and he didn’t make a sound as she ran him through. Something of a waste of a blade—now she’d have to clean it, which wouldn’t be done to her usual standards while they were stuck in the flats, but at least the skeleton was guaranteed to be out of commission. Even if he wasn’t dead, he was completely pinned to the floor by the blade of the machete. You couldn’t be too careful out in the flats these days. It used to be a step up from the pits, but things were changing at a quick pace. Argon used to tease her about hiding weapons everywhere, but now she had a great example to show him about the importance always being prepared. If her weapons hadn’t been moved or swiped, then she may have taken care of the skeleton a lot more quickly. That could have meant the difference between survival and death in the event of a sneak attack like this one, especially if they had brought a proper gang of thugs with them. Shit like that happened all the time in the Pits. In a lot of ways things had gotten better since they weren’t allowed to have guns in all the forbidden districts. It was just way too easy to get caught by stray laser fire, and before the firearm sweeps the district had been one giant blood bath. Being cast out of the Domes had been a certain death sentence. Now it was just a probable death sentence. The tenacious were able to make it. At least until the cancer got them. 
Blood was pooling around her feet, and the stick warm ooze was flowing in between her toes. Gross. She was going to spend another long session in the shower getting that shit out from underneath her toenails, and she had used up most of the soap and hot water out of spite and indulgence. Karma was a total fucking bitch. 
“Yo Argon, you okay?” she said. She backed out of the expanding blood pool, her feet making sticky slap slap slaps as they stamped bloody prints across the floor. Where was Trina when you needed her? Trina was usually good about trying to at least keep their shack clear of outright biohazards, but she’d caught a bad rip of lung zaps, and her Zone Pass had been revoked until the virus cleared up. Not that anyone in the government really monitored the Flats very well anymore, but the local gangs were pretty hardcore about keeping various epidemics out ever since a bad bout of coyote plague had ripped through the area five years ago and killed over a quarter of population. You so much as sneezed in the wrong ghetto and you could find yourself missing a head to sneeze with a second time. Luckily they had Milo to make sure none of them bit the dust from the latest viral mutant or the parasite du jour. Xero was a doctor too, but not really the urgent care sort. 
Argon coughed and sputtered, but replied in a hoarse cough, “Yeah—thanks for that.” 
“Looks like you were a few seconds from being ghosted,” she said. She moved to stand in front of the bathroom door where there was more candlelight to see by. In the dark corner she could see the shish kabobbed skeleton and an expanding pool of blood creeping steadily towards the bed. 
He cleared his voice and rubbed his throat, which was mottled with purple and red marks from the garrote wire. Some small trickles of blood were seeping down his neck from where the wire had bit down hard enough to tear flesh. “Yeah, that was way too close for comfort. I just took that one up the ass,” he said. He continued rubbing the wound, accidentally smearing blood over his face and neck. 
Xero flipped strands of her still damp Mohawk out of her eyes. They were on such short supply she didn’t even really have any bottom shelf product to slick through her ‘hawk and make it stand up right. It’s real purpose was for stage shows down in the pits anyhow, since it had such a theatrical effect, and there was always some kind of hair gel in the pits. Chemicals were one thing they never seemed to be in short supply of. 
“You know, I’m glad you’re alive and all that, but you’re now covered in both blood and semen, and there’s a dead body painting our whole floor red. So help me god if you try to fall asleep like that and ruin our last clean mattress I will let you join that skeleton in eternal peace,” she said. 
He sighed. “Don't worry—I don’t think I’ll be getting much sleep at this point anyway. What gives with this skeleton anyway? I thought you hashed out a deal with Calavera before we bounced out of the pits.” He coughed several times and silently gagged as he manually tried to adjust his squashed Adam’s apple. 
She knit her bushy brows together, her weight shifting between her hips, her fat lips pursed together in thought. “That is odd. Calavera is a total douche wad, but she typically honors our deals. That’s why I was thinking maybe one of her district enforcers is either a moron or running rogue. Or maybe this is just some copycat fuck dressing up like a skeleton for shit’s and giggles,” she said. 
Argon shook his head and winced, “Nah, you know what happens if Calavera finds people wearing her threads. You’d have to be an epic fuck up to even think about trying that shit,” he said. 
Her eyes flicked back to the pool of blood. At least it wasn’t headed towards the last of their sheets. “And Calavera wouldn’t have sent just one skeleton to fuck with us—if she was going to violate our agreement, she would have sent the whole division after us, not some ragtag scallywag wannabe ninja loser like this dude,” she said and thrust her thumb in the direction of the corpse. 
“Hey now, that loser almost had me snuffed from behind like a bad porno,” he said. 
She smirked. “No comment,” she said. 
She paused for a moment, her brows knit together, her eyes narrowed at Argon. “Can you tell me why in the fuck my weapons are missing from the bathroom? If this place was cased before we even got here, we might have an even bigger problem then we thought,” she said. “Unless you were stupid enough to do something with them.” 
He cocked his head to the side in thought. “No, even I have more sense than that,” he said. 
She crossed her arms and glared at him. “Are you absolutely sure? You’ve done stupid shit like this in the past,” she said and stopped herself from listing off all the dumb moves Argon had pulled at one time or another. It was just going to make her angrier. 
He swiveled his head around again. “No, it definitely wasn’t me…wait—I  bet I know what happened. Trina was out here cleaning things up before she got jacked up with the zaps. You know how much she likes to make sure all weapons are cleaned and properly maintained. I bet you she pulled them out somewhere to work on them and then forgot about them when she started getting really fucked up and we had to boogie her on back to the pits,” he said. 
Xero slapped herself on the forehead. “Yeah, duh, I kinda remember now,” she said. She’d been out on a run that went badly when all that had gone down. Neptune and Argon had mainly handled the extraction, and she hadn’t had a chance to swing by the shack before jetting out of the domes and back to the pits to make sure no one was going to try and put a hit out on her.
He hesitated, but continued, “I suppose it is actually kind of my fault—I didn’t check things after we left. Things have just been more rushed lately than I would have liked.” 
She let out a long exhale. “No, it’s just as much my fault for not doing the same thing, and more my fault that we’ve been sloppy. Speaking of which, we need to clean up this fucking disaster,” she said. As much as she loved yelling at people for being idiots, she was no fool, and accepted her responsibility as their head honcho to run a tight ship. 
They were silent for a moment, thinking of the possibilities and their options for dealing with the corpse and the resulting mess. 
“Fuck, I wish Trina or even Milo were here to clean this shit up. I really don’t want to drag this body around,” she said. 
“We might want to save the corpse or at least the head to show Calavera so she can get a bead on what’s up with this yahoo, if she is in fact on the up and up,” Argon said. 
She shook her head hard. Flecks of water flew from her hair and peppered her collarbone with moisture. “Man, I don’t want to cut off any heads tonight. Look, let’s just drag this thing out to the shed and get a message to Calavera to come figure out why goons dressed in his skeleton uniforms are trying to take us out in the flats,” she said. 
“What time is it? Looks like it’s starting to get light out, but Calavera gets pissed if you bug her at odd hours,” he said. 
“That bitch is such a friggin queen. We’ll just pass a message to one of her enforcers and they can figure out how to deal with it. I want that body out of here ASAP, and with the way shit’s been going down I don’t really want to involve our crew in things. I was trying to be discreet about even being here. I’m pretty sure Calavera will wanna deal with this personally once she knows what’s up. Even if she went totally insane, and she really is behind this, she’d still want to come and clean up his mess,” she said. Professional courtesy. 
She shivered. “Damn it’s actually getting really cold,” she said. The flats didn’t have any remaining temperature control like the domes, and the straggling biosphere often had unpredictable weather patterns. Xero hated being cold. Out in the pits, natural summer still hadn’t let go of the hot and dry desert. 
“I still don’t want to get any of my clothes fucked up with blood, and I was a total asshole with the soap and hot water,” she said. 
He shrugged. “You killed him naked, may as well clean up after him naked,” he said. 
She rolled her eyes. 
“Like you’ve ever given a shit about being naked,” he said. 
He was right, but she was tired, annoyed, and above all else she was cold, and she didn’t even have the energy for a properly venomous response. “Yeah, yeah, let’s get this thing over with,” she said. 

CHAPTER 2
After dealing with the body and Calavera’s cronies, she got Argon to submit to a shower. As aggressive as they usually were with each other, there was a tacit rule in the Grease Weasels—if someone was almost vaporized, you went easy on them for awhile. You fucked them, you brought them cookies, got them nice things, and helped them out. 
There wasn’t much left in the way of hot water left, so they shared the shower. Argon knew how much she hated the cold. He wrapped his arms around her, and his body was hot enough that she could almost forget the water. Xero was tall, over six feet, but Argon towered almost half a foot higher than she did. She could still kick his ass in a fight, but he was muscled enough to hold his own, just as long as he wasn’t spaced out like he had been from the glory of his own dick. 
She did him the favor of gently cleaning his neck wounds with the last bits of the soap. He let out a sharp stream of air through his front teeth when she hit a big chunk of raw skin. Their eyes locked, and there was more than just some small discomfort in those blue orbs. She grabbed his hips and bit his right nipple. It seemed like it wasn’t so cold in the shower anymore. 

They lay in bed again, and the sun was well on its way to rising. Typically she liked the nights under the dark sky law—they were peaceful in an old world sort of way. On good nights you could even see the skies through the haze of ozone burn. After the bizarre skeleton assault though, she would be glad for the light and increased visibility of daylight. 
Argon still felt like a nice warm furnace, and she snuggled him with her head pressed against his chest. She had the sheets balled up around them like a cocoon for insulation. 
“You’re never this affectionate,” he said. 
“The temperature must have dropped twenty degrees in the last five hours,” she said, “And you almost got ass raped to death. I hate you, but I don’t want you to die. You’d be a pain in the ass to replace.” They were really all they had in the world, and as hard as she was on everyone, she was almost afraid of what she would become without the Grease Weasels there. 
“Good to know,” he said, and squeezed her body closer. 
Normally that kind of affection would have incited some kind of retaliation, but instead she just sighed. There would be plenty of times in the future to smack him around some more, or at least if she had anything to do about it they would. Every day out there could be your last, and that’s the way they lived. Plan for the future, but live for the day. It was odd to think that there had once been a time when the worst thing she had to deal with was what kind of steak she was going to serve for that night’s dinner party, and if she had picked out a good enough wine selection to avoid social embarrassment. 
“We’re never going to get any sleep now,” she said. “We probably shouldn’t even be lying down like this, but if it’s just more of those skeleton creeps coming after us then we don’t have much to worry about.” 
He shifted in the bed. “That was my fault—I shouldn’t have been so careless. If I’d been alone that might have been it for me. But I’m not going to be able to sleep now anyway. I’ll just dream of being ass raped or something—you should just get some sleep and I’ll keep an eye out for trouble. It’s going to be a long fucking day,” he said. 

CHAPTER 3
Much to her surprise, she managed to get a few hours of sleep. The smarter part of her thought it was foolish to let Argon keep watch after he’d already fucked up once, but the delegator in her said he would be more careful after reaping the harsh consequences of letting his guard down in the flats. The early morning passed without incident, and she was grateful for the rest. Things were already going to be difficult enough with their crew fractured like it was. Making big official runs was stressful enough when they had everyone in place. Of course, she could have asked the local supply chain to give her replacement crew members, but there was no way she was willing to take the chance of trusting someone that she wasn’t familiar with on a big run through multiple eco-zones and districts. 
In the light of day the blood stain on the floor looked further from being cleaned than it had the night before. She thought that they had done a reasonable job of mopping up at least some of the biohazard, but there was a clear area marked by a chunky stain that couldn’t be anything other than a large pool of blood left to congeal over night. Fail. This job was going to take them far out into uncharted lands, and they likely wouldn’t be returning for a long while—there was too much unfinished business in the pits for them to come all the way back here again immediately. She only hoped that maggots and roaches and other vermin didn’t try to move in while she was gone. Of course this area didn’t have much in the way of species that could survive the odd environmental conditions this deep into the flats. The river made sure a steady supply of toxins seeped into every part of the territory. 
It was hard getting ready for dome screenings when they had to be pre-processed in the flats. Not all municipalities had those limitations, but the Phoenix Dome was a huge pain in the ass about dome access. They weren’t without their reasons for wanting to bog down the process—Arizona was cursed with a political structure and cultural attitudes inherited from the old world, and they had one of the biggest and most difficult to deal with networks of outland pits. And Xero would know—she was the boss. 
Dome residents and officials were difficult to deal with because they were still highly stuck on personal appearances. Chumps. Out in the pits and the flats, those types of shallow evaluations had come to a complete stop. In the way of old school communism, the decreased social boundaries and limited availability of various types of clothing and even basic services like running water made it tacitly taboo to pass judgment on someone based on something as stupid as their clothing. A better way to judge someone was whether or not they’d jam an ice pick in your kidney if you looked at them the wrong way. 
“Do you want to check out that body before Calavera’s thugs get here and drag it off to dismember it?” Argon said. 
He was wearing a tattered pair of heart-studded boxers. At least he was smart enough to leave his dome gear off until they were ready to go. Regulations with Dome Drones prohibited them from carrying anything extra on their person. So what they had was it. Fucking federalies were always up their ass about one thing or another. 
“Yeah, we should take a peek to see if we can get any clues,” she said. “I’d know a genuine Calaca suit anywhere.” Xero had slipped on a pair of dingy underwear and a stained white tank top. 
Argon squinched his face up at her, “And when are we going to get cool work outfits like those,” he said. 
She rolled her eyes. “Don’t be such a fucking queen. We don’t need no stinkin’ badges,” she said and waited to see if the young man recognized the reference. He had been born in the domes, but he had been tossed out at an early age. No movies in the pits. No recognition crossed his face, and she scoffed. Figured. 
“I don’t want a badge, I want a cool armored uniform,” he said. 
She walked two steps and gave his thigh a light smack. “Armor is for pussies,” she said. “Go join Calavera if you want to parade around in a retarded outfit. She’s still just some two bit chola drug dealer. Stay with the Grease Weasels if you want fame and fortune.” 
He folded his arms, ignoring her swat like it was mosquito bite. “Fortune, huh? Where’s this fortune you speak of? And what about minions? Why don’t we have an army of minions to do our bidding,” he said. 
“Oh shut it. We’ve got more money than we could ever even think of spending, in the domes or out of them. And we’ve got minions aplenty—who the fuck do you think takes care of all the mundane shit we can’t be bothered with? We’re just more discreet. If you wanted to try and take down our power structure, you’d be hard pressed to figure out who the fuck is even connected with our organization. We do this work because it’s important—we don’t leave crucial shit for underlings to fuck up. We don’t let underlings come into any direct contact with the federalies. We do it right. So let’s get serious. It’s the power you want, and it’s power that we’ve got. Calavera can’t give you that. Also,” she said and winked,  “I’m a better lay—I would know.” 
He grimaced. “I don’t know if I should be disgusted or turned on,” he said. 
Xero sauntered up behind him and grabbed his ass. “Well, Papi, next time you see her, see if she’ll let you wet your tip. She prefers pussy, but I hear she'll ride a dick every now and again,” she said. 
He ran a hand through his hair. “I’ll keep it in mind. And by keep it in mind, I mean no chance in hell. That psycho bitch would probably just cut off my piece just for funsies.” 
She reached around the front of him and grabbed his balls with her palm, hooking her thumb around the base of his cock. “Good point. That would be inconvenient to me, seeing as how this is my favorite part of yours,” she said and bit the back of his neck. 
A shudder ran through his body and he sighed. “We don’t have time for this—you got a good nap in, and now we’re going to be late to the domes if Calavera’s goonies don’t show up soon,” he said and pulled away from her grip. He was right, but that didn’t make it any less of a bummer. 
“You,” she pointed an index finger at his face, “are no fun,” she said. “But, thank you for the nap.” She smiled and her eyes squinted into a cutesy face. The excitement of the coming run was creeping  up on her, and she was looking forward to getting off on big squeezes of adrenaline. 
“I’m supposed to help keep you in line, not keep you entertained,” he said. 
“Sounds like someone else needs a nap,” she said. “Come on, today’s going to be fun. We get to fuck with the Dome Drones and take a hike out to friggin Yuma. When’s the last time you went to Yuma?”
He scratched the nape of his neck. “You’re delusional—Yuma has never been a great place to visit.” 
She blew a raspberry at him. “How would you know? You were in diapers when Yuma finally got a Dome. That place was a swinging underground hideaway before it domed up, but there’s some great spots in the pits out there. Dome’s pretty laid back too—we’ll probably be able to get away with staying somewhere fancy like the Super 8 without even having to forge our Zone Passes. Phoenix and San Diego are both too far away to fuck with them. Every time I go by there, new weird shit pops up. Who knows what we’ll find this time? Best of all, they left the dunes to the pits, and I’m on good terms with the territory boss. He’ll let us borrow a dune buggy for sure. You ever been cruising around in the Imperial Dunes?” she asked. 
He wrinkled his eyebrows and pulled his chin back till it was squished against his neck. “Wow, you’re really excited about this run,” he said. 
Xero stopped and bit a fingernail, peering at Argon’s expression. “And you’re really shaken. You still fucked up about last night? Look dude, you were a spectacular dumb fuck yesterday, but you’ve got to get over it. Move on. There’s time to die another day. We’ve got slots and sluts waiting for us in Yuma,” she said. 
	He turned towards the wall and bowed his head slightly. “That’s not it,” he said. 
It wasn’t something she liked to keep active all the time, but Xero was actually uncannily good at reading people’s emotions. It had been her job for nearly a decade, and she had been damned good at it. In fact, it was what had allowed her to rise to the top and take control of the greater Tucson pits. 
“I know what it is,” she clucked her tongue and pointed a finger at him. “It’s Trina.” 
Argon turned a shade that got close to the bright orange of his hair. He tried to compose himself, and a trace of fear floated across his face. “Look, she’s my best friend is all,” he said. “I’m just worried about her—She’s had the zaps for almost a month now, and it’s not getting better.” 
“You think I’m just going to stand by and let her waste away? Why the hell do you think I agreed to do this run even though we’re totally fucked for personnel? The whole reason I took this job is so that we can smuggle some goddamn Ketocillin out of the Phoenix storehouses while we’re moving cargo. Ever since that last rip of lung zaps went through the flats they’ve been super hardcore careful about how and where they store that drug. Neptune and you have done a great job of learning to synthesize of lot of the old world antibiotics, but none of that is working, and trying to flash Ketocillin without a real manufacturing plant is a tall order for anyone,” she said, her eyes gleaming with determination. 
She put her hands on her hips. “We don’t let our own die anyone else’s hand, and that includes bugs and viruses. Even if you guys drive me crazy, that’s a pact I made when I brought you on board, and you can still count on that. Trina will be better by the end of the week,” she said. 
Argon released a lungful of air, relieved, but a pensive look remained on his face. He opened his mouth to speak, but Xero interrupted him. 
“Don’t worry. I know you and Trina have fucked, and I don’t give two shits. I’m sure Milo knows too, and he doesn’t give a shit either,” she said. “Rule one of the Grease Weasels—we could all die tomorrow, so you better be having some fun. Fuck who you want, when you want. Just try not to get your dick lopped off.” 
He nodded, visibly relieved. “Well, in that case, let’s go have some fun and play with that dead body,” he said with faux enthusiasm. 
She stuck out her tongue. “I’m putting you in charge of poking at the body. I could also give two shits about touching a corpse, but I swear to god I am not taking another fucking cold shower before leaving for the dome. 
He laughed. “I’ll be sure to get you a big stick to poke it with. Good thing being respectful to the dead isn’t in our code of ethics,” he said. 
“Fuck respect. Nothing is as serious as a cold shower.” 

CHAPTER 4

One of the reasons they had chosen a slum that was directly next to the river had been to try and vie for some privacy. Under the abandoned underpass there were ruins of hundreds of old houses, all abandoned decades ago after the river had made it too polluted for anyone to live there for long without developing horrendous health consequences. Skin peeling off? Strange growths? Sudden death? Noxious odors? Their neighborhood had it all, and that morning the odors were especially pungent. Argon and Xero both had the apex of the resistance gene, giving them strongest resilience against the environmental toxins, but that morning even Xero was having trouble not letting her eyes blur and water against the acrid fumes belching up from the remains of the Verde River. Almost all the failed domes had been built directly over rivers, and that ended up being their downfall. Eventually, nature caught up with you if you didn’t run fast enough. It was one reasons why Xero liked to keep running. 
“Jesus Christ, it’s fucking foul out here this month,” she said, silently hoping that the smell didn’t creep into her hair. There wasn’t much of it to deal with in the first place, but if the federalies thought she smelled contaminated, they’d make her go through a decon shower, and that was the last thing that she wanted. That shit burned like nothing else, and on occasion some idiot forgot to calibrate the formula so that it contained a safe amount of acid. Those were the types of accidents that went around the media and dove straight into the graves at the edges of the pits. It wasn’t something she was especially proud of, but corpse removal runs were especially lucrative, and the federalies tended to look the other way, leaving her far more leeway to get her own business done at the same time without having to worry as much about getting caught. 
Despite the putrid smell, the river flats had a certain strange beauty to them. The abandoned underpass reminded her of where she used to hang out as a teenager, and the lack of residents in any of the crumbling tin and wood shacks let her hear the oddly soothing surge of the mottled, lumpy river. Trying to go for a dip in that might not be a great idea even for Xero or Argon, teeming as it was with chemicals and debris aggregating from the state’s intact domes. It had been so long since anyone had lived down there, and the river was so acidic that there was virtually no trash littered on the banks or anywhere else in the surrounding neighborhood—what was there had either eroded in the acidic soil over the past decades, or it was directly swept away and degraded by the river itself. 
Their personal shack was like any of the other abandoned buildings in the area, but they had chosen one that leaned directly up against the pillar of the old underpass to give it some additional stability, and they were lucky enough to find one that had a half-assed solar tank and was still connected to an intact sewer line that wasn’t contaminated by the river water. Argon had dragged the body a few feet outside the building to an adjacent shack that had probably once been some kind of a tool shed. He hadn’t actually put the body totally back into the enclosure, and the skeleton’s black and white boots were still hanging out the back door.
Xero stopped when she saw the skeleton’s legs peeking out. “Oh for fuck’s sake,” she said. 
Argon threw up his hands. “Look, it was dark and late, and we were hoping Calavera’s henchmen  would come take care of him really soon anyway. It’s not like there’s anyone around here. There’s no one that will even come within a half mile radius of this area—especially not with that stench rising off the river this month.” 
He was right, but Xero didn’t like sloppy work. She gave Argon a look that let him know not to pull any more bullshit jobs like that again. “I leave you alone for two minutes and you can’t even finish a simple task. You never change,” she said. 
He shrugged. “I’m just the chemist, and occasional muscle. You know I’m no good with logistics. That’s Milo’s job, and he’s stuck taking care of Trina,” he said. 
“Don’t remind me—I’d kill to have Milo along with us on this job,” she said. She would have loved to have Neptune along too, just for fun, but with Trina out of commission and Milo distracted by his sick girlfriend, someone had to stay behind and watch the fort. 
She tapped her foot against the squishy ground. “Alright, let’s get this over with,” she said. 
They pulled the body back out of the shed, trying to avoid as much of the congealed blood as possible. Xero motioned with her head and Argon ripped the armored skeleton head mask off its face. It was a Hispanic male, his face tattooed with an intricate sugar skull design. 
“Shit,” she said. “Well, if this isn’t one of Calavera’s guys, he went pretty far with the authenticity attempt. Unless I’m imagining things, those tattoos didn’t get there overnight.” 
The tattoos were old, and looked like they had been applied at different stages in time over the years. Parts of it were faded, where others looked like they were relatively fresh. 
“Looks like a pretty decorated enforcer too, since he’s got so many layers of tats,” Argon said. He turned and pointed at Xero. “See! He wasn’t just some loser flunky.” 
She shook her head. “Whatever makes you feel better, buddy.” 
Argon scoffed. “Whatever. Anyway, we may have a real problem on our hands here,” he said. 
She sighed. “We’re going to have an even bigger issue if we don’t get out of here soon. We’re pushing things as it is. Where the fuck are Calavera’s goons? Does no one value punctuality anymore? Shouldn’t they have been here hours ago? I want one of us here in person to impress upon them the seriousness of this situation,” she said. 
Argon nodded. “Let’s pack this asshole back into the shed and make ourselves look respectable.”

It was fairly ridiculous that they had to get themselves all gussied up when they would likely just have to strip naked and at least go through some minimal decon, but standards had gotten far laxer in recent years, and sometimes they got away without having to do anything to gain dome access if they looked nice enough. 
Xero was wearing a light pink mini skirt with a white blouse and matching pink blazer. She wore a pearl necklace with little pearl stud earrings that flashed slightly in the light. Flat little black pumps and a blond wig completed the outfit. 
Argon clucked his tongue. “It never ceases to amaze me when you dress up like this. You look so harmless,” he said. 
She brushed a strand of the tightly affixed wig away from her face. A thick smearing of foundation covered up the remains of her black eye, and with some careful shading you could barely notice any of the lingering swelling. She smiled with sickly pink lips. “I kind of like it. People never even see it coming when I’m dressed like this,” she said. At least people in the domes. Out in the flats and pits, people knew better than to trust someone in fancy clothes. They’d probably see her poison lipstick from a mile away. 
She looked him up and down. “You actually don’t look so bad yourself. You’d be the kind of boy that I would have had a crush on in high school—the kind you’d see on the fashion magazines and on the walls of clothing stores in the mall,” she said. None of them had tattoos or piercings because it would impair their ability to wear various disguises when necessary, so any style choices had to be limited to hair and clothing. 
Since he was playing the hired muscle and would do little of the talking, he could get away with being more casual. He had on a pair of good fitting jeans and a tight white t-shirt. His unruly hazard cone orange hair was covered with a pretty-boy brown wig. He scratched at the industrial strength glue that was holding it to his head. “Fuck, I hate wearing these wigs. This gutter glue itches like hell,” he said. 
“That thing is on there so tightly that even a decon shower won’t get it off. Don’t knock the gutter glue,” she said and leaned over to see behind him. “Your ass looks nice in those jeans.” 
He put his hands up. “Don’t even think of trying to kiss me,” he said. 
She made an exaggerated pout. “You’re no fun,” she said. “No time for that business anyway.”
 Walking around the blood stain, she reached a long arm over to snag a small black clock off the dresser and thrust it in his face. “Look at the time. Get Calavera on the horn right now and figure out what is up,” she said. 
Argon silently slunk off to grab a transmitter and get outside where the reception was better. The broken domes of the flats made for a natural radio barrier that made communications difficult. With a little luck and ingenuity you could get things to work, but trying to use something straight off the shelf was a losing bet. 
He reappeared a few moments later. “I got ahold of the nearest enforcer crew again, and apparently they’re having some trouble at the border. I guess there are some local skirmishes going on at that compromised south entrance we passed on the way in last night. I wonder if that has anything to do with this mess,” he said. 
She squinted her eyes. “I don’t like the sound of any of this—highly suspicious,” she said and exhaled loudly. “Look, I don’t like thinking about this, but I think we might have to split up temporarily. Which means you would need to be the one to stay behind because you don’t have the clearance to trigger the supply order on your own. Once I’m through dome security the papers should be in order for you to follow behind me. It will take most of the day getting the cargo and paperwork in order anyway, so you should have most of the day to get to the bottom of this. Do you think you can  handle this on your own? I really need someone to stay here and get to the bottom of this. I’ll have a transmitter on me if anything goes down. If shit gets really hairy, call our emergency back up and get the fuck out of here.” 
He nodded slowly. “You’ve still got some connections to the local gangs?” he said. 
“Yeah, they’re not terribly reliable, but in an emergency they owe enough to us that they should come through. I’ve had to put them in their place often enough in the past that they’ll be really reluctant to let me down again,” she said. 
“It’s really creepy to hear you say that with that wig on,” he said. He put his hands in his pockets and rocked back on his heels. Looks like we don’t have much of a choice in this matter, though—you better get a move on.” 
She smiled but her eyes were hard. “Don’t screw this up, or we’ll all be sorry. Another war with Mexico would seriously fuck up our groove.” 


CHAPTER 5
Some serious doubt lingered in the pit of her stomach. Argon was actually a brilliant chemist, and not bad to have on your side in a fight, but he could be a total moron when it came to common. Usually the rest of the Grease Weasels helped keep him in line, but that wasn’t an option at the moment. She almost would have sent him on to the domes ahead of her if it had been possible, but there’s no way his Zone Pass alone would have gotten them through security without going through the backend. And this wasn’t a backend job. 
Fortunately their flats were not very big—it had been a test dome before the big Phoenix dome went up, and had never been a fully fledged city before it was cut from the grid and left to rot along with its rejected citizens. Sometimes she felt sorry for the people trapped in the flats. Their lungs were too weak to withstand the harshly polluted and oxygen depleted wastelands of the pits, but since they were able to survive with reduced oxygen they weren’t allowed Zone Passes for the domes. Their lives were miserable, but they were perfect customers for Alphamine. And for that, they held a special place in her heart and in her wallet. 
It didn’t really matter though. In the end, they were all slowly dying of cancer. 
She zipped over mounds of trash and smoking debris behind the wheel of a souped-up armored all-terrain vehicle. It had a camo paint job that would have been totally inappropriate in this kind of an urban area, but it was now almost effective amongst the piles of rubbles that had overtaken the once productive city. She laughed at the image of her and her ridiculous pink business suit driving what basically amounted to a camouflaged tank. Dome squares were such idiots. 
She had the windows rolled up in the vehicle, and the filtration system was on full blast. The machine was fairly new, and the filtration system was still doing a decent job of removing some of the more detectable noxious chemicals and odors from the incoming air. She had doused herself with an odor reducing spray before climbing inside, which would hopefully neutralize enough of the river stench to keep her out of a scalding decon bath. She shuddered thinking about it. It was one of the most unpleasant parts of dealing with official dome entry. The California domes were the worst—you could never escape a decon bath in those parts. They had so many laws that changed every two or three months that she could hardly keep track of them. At least the Arizona domes got lazy sometimes. As long as you weren’t covered in pig shit and brandishing an illegal laser, you had a good chance of getting through with limited hassle. 
Even with the modified power-efficient engine, the vehicle still had decent speed capabilities, and it wasn’t long before she’d skirted a quarter of the flat’s area and ended up at the north end of the ruined dome. The flats’ exit point was small, but heavily guarded. They didn’t really care if anyone escaped out into the pits—they would die within a few days anyway, but they didn’t want any riffraff sneaking through the corridor to the Phoenix dome. Heaven forbid they had to treat people like human beings. It was so ironic—those more equipped to survive were actually more likely to die an untimely death because of the dome exile policies. Technology was a strange beast that raped nature on a daily basis. It pissed her off, but Xero knew it was nothing but a waiting game. Eventually the domes would run out of resources, the sad parasitic flats would die along with them, and all that would be left would be the pits. It probably wouldn’t happen within her lifetime, but there was a certain satisfaction in knowing that ultimately they would win, and all the dome drones would get what was coming to them. 
The exit compound was surrounded by armed soldiers, tactical vehicles, a large brick wall, and lots of barbed wire. It looked more intimidating than it really was, considering half of the personnel would die if you ripped off their oxygen supplies, and the ones that wouldn’t die could probably be persuaded to turn against their superiors. If they could survive any amount of time in the flats without oxygen, it meant they were previously subjugated flats residents that had been hired to defend the complex in the event of an oxygen shortage. At least they were authorized to carry lasers—she was forbidden from carrying any weapons into the complex, and going anywhere unarmed made her extremely uncomfortable. Getting to play with lasers on cargo runs almost made up for having to deal with being unarmed in the flats for awhile. 
After approaching the gates, a pair of armed guards looked her up in the roster, scanned her vehicle, and scanned her retinas for identity. They looked like new recruits—they were overly formal and gruff. It was hard to hear intonation over the static from their gas mask communicators, but she thought she could hear fear in their voice. From their body language and the slight shudder in their words, she guessed this could be their first day out of the domes, and they were terrified of their gas masks slipping and inhaling some of the toxic air in the domes. They used to make the dome soldiers practice taking off their masks and breathing for a few minutes out in the pits or flats, but the practice had been deemed barbaric and dangerous by most states. It was a bad move in Xero’s opinion, but it would give her an advantage if another civil war broke out between her people and the dome drones. 
After sitting through more pointless inspections and unnecessarily rough handling from some of the new recruits, she was finally led inside to the center of the compound to the commanding officer’s inner domain. One of them pushed her roughly into a battered and uncomfortable metal chair that stood in front of an oversized steel desk. They were lucky she was in a good mood—out in the pits Xero was the boss, and she didn’t care for being shoved around like a nobody. People had died for less, but she held her tongue for the moment. 
A man with camo pants, a drab olive shirt, and a military cap walked into the room and put his hands on his hips, just above an impressive array of laser holsters. 
“Well if it isn’t Anastasia,” he said. “Damn, you really went all out today—you look like the secretary of my dreams. If I didn’t know what a dangerous bitch you really are, I would ask you to get down on your knees behind the desk there and give me some sugar!” 
Xero stared back at him, giving him dead eyes. 
He swallowed and pulled at his shirt collar. “Damn girl, don’t take things so seriously, lighten up a little for god’s sake,” he said. 
A broad smile spread across her face and she stood up. “Had you there for a second, didn’t I?” she said. 
He laughed and released a lungful of air. “Bitch, you fucking scared me. These noobs around here might not have any idea, but I’ve seen some of the shit you’ve done. Even I don’t wanna tangle with that kind of mess,” he said. 
“Sanchez, you never change,” she said and gave the man the sort of rough hug two old army buddies give after surviving one too many battles. 
“Good to see you. There’s some shit going down on the opposite end of the flats. I’m pretty sure it’s all localized, but I’m still glad we’ve got you on the convoy today. I did a stint out in Texas earlier this month, and some of them runner’s are just straight up idiots. Thought I’d never make it back to Arizona in one piece with those morons along for the ride,” he said. 
She stepped back and rested her ass on the edge of his desk. “Speaking of morons, what kind of an operation are you running here?” she asked. 
Sanchez put his hand on the back of his head and ruffled the buzz cut poking out from under his hat. “Oh, you mean the new recruits? Yeah I’m not happy about this either. I’ve asked HQ time and again not to put any raw dome soldiers out at this post, given how highly contaminated this place is. It’s getting to the point where even I have to wear a mask if we’re out there too long. Ever since they passed that law last year forbidding anyone from doing field shock runs, it’s harder to train these assholes. And I don’t have to tell you how tight things have been politically—it’s getting nearly impossible to pull more flatties into the service, even if it means getting them out of this hellhole,” he said and paused, looking her up and down a few times. 
A strand of the blond wig fell across one of her eyes. “What? You think I know something?” 
“I know you run in a lot of circles, and I know you’re one clever bitch, so yeah, maybe you do,” he said. 
She rolled her eyes. “Sanchez, I run with the pits crews—they trust us even less than you guys. We’re the lucky ones that have more freedom out in the pits because we can survive. They hate us here, and I’m visible enough as a Grease Weasel that unless I’m incognito, everyone recognizes me. Why do you think we have our base of operations here by that god awful river? We need to stay away from the main population as much as possible,” she said. 
Sanchez gave a small, awkward laugh. “You’re right, I was just wondering if maybe you’d gathered some intel,” he said. 
She shook her head. “I was hoping you had more info—transmitters work for shit down by the river, and all I heard was that there was some kind of skirmish on the other end of the dome,” she said. 
He walked around the desk and took a seat in a much comfier looking office chair. Xero swiveled and dumped herself back into the uncomfortable metal contraption on her side. 
He folded his hands and rested his elbows against the table. “From the looks of things, it’s just another political uprising—like I said, they’ve been real restless lately. I’ve got work crews fragmented all over the place, which is why we’ve got so many of these goddamn idiot recruits all over the place at the base today. Don’t worry, we’ll have a few old timers on the convoy back to the Phoenix dome. Hey, speaking of which, where’s the rest of your crew?” he said. 
She sighed. “Oh, you haven’t heard? A few of my regulars are injured, and they had to stay behind on this mission. HQ approved a run with diminished staff, since we’re just heading out to Yuma. I’ve got one more guy that’s supposed to be on his way. We had a little trouble down by the waterfront last night, which I think is probably related to whatever this uprising is about. He’ll be along later after business is taken care of,” she said. 
Sanchez looked suspicious, but he nodded, and Xero was thankful he was willing to let it go. He was wise enough to know that some things were best left unexplained. She trusted the man, but only so far, and vice versa. He was still a dome drone, even if he was one of the better ones. The ones that came from the flats always had a little more perspective on just what it’s like to live life on the fringes, but in some ways they were still unstable—you never knew if they might turn on you when the time was right. 
He leaned back again and put his feet up on the desk. “Well Anastasia, your transformations never cease to amaze me,” he said. At one point he had seen her out in the pits, in her natural environment, in her normal clothing and make-up. He’d almost shat himself when he saw the florescent green Mohawk. 
She rolled her eyes. “You always have to call me that. You know I don’t go by that name anymore,” she said. A lot of the personnel only knew her official name, but she’d spent enough time in the trenches with Sanchez that it felt weird to have him call her that. 
He stretched his arms back farther over his head. “You know I have to go by the books around here. Can’t let them think we’re fraternizing or something like that,” he said and winked. 
“Right, heaven forbid,” she said sarcastically, but it really was a big problem. She was pretty sure they basically lopped off your dick in the decon process if you fucked anyone from the pits. He widened his eyes at her, partially in jest, but there was some genuine fear there. 
She smirked. “Don’t worry, I don’t kiss and tell,” she said. 
He put his feet back on the floor. “I know,” he said and paused. “Alright, enough of this chit chat. Let’s get this show on the road before any other shit hits the fan.” 

CHAPTER 6
She was visibly more comfortable once they were out of the flats and back out in the wilds. Even though technically the air was worse, she was more accustomed to the particular mix of dust and pollution out in the pits, and there was another critical difference—everyone out there knew she was the boss, and you’d have to be completely stupid to fuck with her in her own territory. 
Sanchez was at the wheel of the black tactical vehicle, a full-face gas mask pulled over his head. “Yeah, you know these budget cuts are murder—we can’t even get the clearance to oxygenate and filter the whole cabin while we’re driving anymore. It’s total bullshit. You can barely see the road clearly with one of these things on,” he said over the mask’s intercom. 
Xero was wondering how much of it was budget cuts, and how much of it was dwindling resources. From the looks of the river running through the flats, shit was not going well on the environmental front. Maybe things would change in her lifetime after all. 
“You want me to drive?” she said. 
He scoffed. “Nah, I’ve gotten used to it, and my CO would have my head if he knew I surrendered a vehicle to a runner before being processed in the dome. Be thankful we won the fight to let you guys hang onto weapons prior to an actual supply run. We’ll be there shortly anyway,” he said. 
After too many expensive hunks of cargo had gone missing they had reevaluated the weapons policy, and three years ago they’d finally agreed to let lasers get issued to the pit runners. It made runs that much more fun. Usually she only got to play with lasers when they were on illegal missions inside the dome where laser tracking was far less controlled. She loved new toys, especially ones that go boom. 
 “Thanks for the weapons upgrade, by the by. I haven’t actually gotten my hands on one of these babies yet,” she said and patted the shiny white laser gun on her hip. “I bet this thing could smoke someone on the other side of the desert.” 
He nodded. “Fuck yeah! I don’t know how we can afford these new upgraded lasers when we can’t afford oxygen, but I’ll take it. Just be careful—they’re powerful enough that there’s actually some recoil on them, like the old six shooters,” he said. 
She smiled and leaned her head up against the window. “Won’t be a problem for me. I learned how to shoot with real weapons, long before these plastic things became the norm. Any true weapon’s specialist should know how to handle a real gun,” she said. 
“Damn right,” he said. “These kids nowadays get to cheat. Any bastard can pull off a half decent shot with some of these fancy lasers.” She had seen his skills with old school weapons, and he had the ability to back up his words with action. He wasn’t as good as she was, of course, but still, not bad. Good enough for her to trust him to cover her back in a firefight at least. 
The desert in this area was peaceful, but so barren that it made her sad. The saguaro cactus in this area hadn’t had enough time to recover and adapt properly to the influx of pollution like they had further south in the remains of the national forest. The lack of vegetation made for a very different desert than it was down in the Tucson pits where the cactus and Palo Verde had managed to grow and mutate in response to the environmental challenges. She usually just accepted how things were, but there was something about the destruction of her desert that hit home. Still, even through the insulated walls and tinted windows of the car, she could feel the heat of the desert reaching through the windows, and she smiled at being able to escape the chill sulfuric air of the flats. 
Her eyes were focused on finding the last bits of scrubby bushes clinging to small bits of the landscape when the back of the vehicle reared up and tipped them towards the windshield. 
“Fuck!” Xero said, cursing at herself for letting her guard down. 
The vehicle teetered on its nose for a few minutes before giving way to physics and completing its pitch forward. Thank god for seatbelts and safety cages. They landed upside down, but uninjured, and the vehicle seemed to be maintaining its shape under the weight of its own bulk. 
Without any further words, they looked at each other and jumped into action. They released their seatbelts and got to the new bottom of the vehicle with limited awkwardness and no injuries. The vehicle was sinking into the sand, wedging the door shut. 
“Watch your eyes,” Sanchez said, and fired a shot into the windshield. Safety glass sprayed around the interior of the car, and they scrambled out through the new opening in the glass. They assumed tactical positions on either side of the vehicle, and she was extremely happy that she had Sanchez with her instead of one of those idiot recruits. They knew how each other worked, and they knew that the other could be trusted to react properly in an attack. It was the next best thing to being with one of the Grease Weasels. 
There as another of the tactical vehicles wedged behind their toppled vehicle, and from the plates and government markings, she knew it was one of theirs. At first she thought perhaps it was just one of the new recruits not knowing how to drive through the thick sand, but when she saw a skeleton exit the driver’s side of the door, there was no doubt about what was happening.  Hot sand seeped into her shoes, and she was immediately pissed off at her impractical attire. She kicked off the pumps and left them in the dust. 
She took aim with the new laser at the place where the skeleton’s Calaca suit had a flaw in the armor. It was only a miniscule gap—right at the joint between the throat and the clavicle notch. She squeezed the trigger, ready for the realistic recall that Sanchez had warned her about. Her shot hit its mark and the skeleton’s head exploded clean off its torso. Xero was a seasoned combat veteran, but the decapitation even took her by surprise. She’d never seen something like that from such a small laser. Sanchez hadn’t been kidding. This thing was probably strong enough to pierce a Calaca suit, albeit likely with far less dramatic effects than she’d just seen. 
Explosions rocked the desert and she dove for cover at the front of the vehicle. She slammed into Sanchez as he followed suit. Great minds think alike. Her stupid pencil skirt and restrictive jacket were getting in the way of her movements, so she stripped them off, leaving her wearing nothing but the white blouse and a pair of pink panties. 
“Don’t even start,” she said and gave Sanchez a look. 
He shrugged but kept two hands on his laser. “Wouldn’t ever dream of it,” he said. 
“What in the fuck is going on?” she asked. “Do you actually screen these guys before letting them go into the field?”
Sanchez didn’t take his eyes off the area of the enemy, but she knew there would be exasperation smudged across his face. “This doesn’t have anything to do with my guys. Okay, so they weren’t prepared to deal with something like this, but I have no idea what’s going on with this attack. You know these guys?” he said. 
“Yeah, this is who we had a problem with earlier—skeletons from south of the Tucson pits. I have a sneaking suspicion they might have something to do with the riot that was holding everyone up this morning. FYI, their armor is pretty tough, but there’s a gap at the center of the throat. If you’ve got enough downward leverage and a sharp enough blade you should be able to pierce through it if you’re strong enough,” she said, thinking of her successful skewering the night before. 
“Duly noted,” he said and another explosion shook the ground. 
“I hope you weren’t too attached to any of these guys—doesn’t sound like there’s going to be much left of anyone. Hey—you got any hand to hand weapons on you?” she asked. 
He handed her two large KA-BAR style knives on a belt holster. Nice courtesy, considering she didn’t really have much in the way of a place to stow them. “Thanks man,” she said and secured the holster while he attempted to use his cracked communicator to radio a message into HQ. 
When she peered around the corner, she got a look at just how much trouble they were in. There weren’t many additional vehicles next to the remains of the decimated military convoy, but it looked like the skeletons must have come out of a clown car because there were dozens of them. 
“Shit,” Sanchez said when he noticed how much company they had. They briefly took their eyes off the enemy to consult about their next move. 
“I think our best bet is going to be taking out as many of those crazy fucks as possible, then taking that last intact vehicle and making a run for the dome. We’re not in a great position to fight them all off, and from the looks of it they’re not short on ballistics,” she said. 
He nodded. “Agreed. On three,” he said and counted. 
When he reached three they sprang into the battlefield and she was especially careful not to fire wildly with the high-powered laser. One shot from one of those things and it would be lights out for either of them, and she didn’t want her brains splattered across the desert like a ruined jack-o-lantern. 
There were five skeletons around their target vehicle and she took a dive roll to the left as the two on her side took pot shots. Luckily she was intimately familiar with the mechanics of fighting in sand, and she rolled straight back onto her feet. She took two shots, landing one in a skeleton’s chest, and the other nailed another headshot right in the money zone. She was rewarded with one exploding head and one skeleton brought to his knees. She closed the distance to the one that was still alive. He was coughing and gagging, but still waving around his laser. With her left hand she withdrew one of the KA-BAR blades and unceremoniously jammed it into the skeleton’s throat. Blood sprayed into her face, its sick metallic taste flying through her mouth and nose. She was glad she hadn’t talked to Calavera about closing up the weaknesses in the skeleton armor yet. Some days were all about the small favors. 
Withdrawing the knife, she wiped the blood out of her eyes and turned to face the next opponent. Sanchez had felled two on his side, leaving one more to take care of. The skeleton dashed up to her first, his laser raised for a head shot. There was no room to retreat, so she took the next best option. She bent her knees and sprang forward, tackling the skeleton into the sand and knocking its laser out of its hands in the process. As much as she loved firing a laser, there was nothing like a good old fashioned knife fight. Poised in the exact right position again, she took the knife and with one viscous strike she thrust it upward through the fragile spot in the armor. The knife ripped through its larynx, and she felt the knife jam into its hard palate before coming to a rest. It never even had a chance to scream. 
More Skeletons were already advancing from the rear, and Sanchez had already taken the opportunity to jump into the vehicle. The keys were already in the ignition, and the engine was running. 
“What are you waiting for, get in here!” he yelled. 
She took a running dash for the open door, and had almost made it when a sick thunk in her abdomen made her scream. Another skeleton had snuck up behind her, and had a knife blade stabbed up to the hilt just beneath her ribs on her right side. She turned to deal with the attacker, but he raised a laser and fired a shot past the side of her head.  It landed with a small zap in Sanchez’s chest. From her angle she couldn’t tell if it had hit him squarely in the chest or further towards the shoulder. 
Bending back into a pose that was agonizing with the knife still wedged beneath her ribs, she turned and fired a shot into the side of the skeleton’s neck. She must have made a bad shot or hit a strong point in the armor because its head didn’t explode, and it didn’t immediately stop moving. She didn’t have the right leverage to pierce its Calaca suit with her knife, and then she remembered her last ditch defense. 
More blood flowed out of the knife wound in her side as she flexed forward even farther, grabbed the skeleton by the head, and pulled it towards her face. It’s lips were exposed through the face mask, and she planted a big smooch right on his mouth. Within seconds he was gagging and choking. The paralysis wasn’t instant, but it was quick enough for her to use the last of her strength to push him out of the car. 
She looked back to her left, and found Sanchez bleeding profusely and passed out in the passenger seat. “Motherfucker!” she cursed. There was no time to even close the doors or move Sanchez. In the rearview mirror she saw more skeletons advancing on the vehicle. The car surged forward through the piles of sand as she did her best to stomp on the gas and steer the damned thing from the passenger seat. 
They were far from safe—they were flying through the desert in a stolen vehicle with both doors open and both occupants bleeding from serious wounds. She wasn’t even sure if Sanchez was still alive. The sound of small explosions pitter pattered the sand behind her, and she didn’t have the energy to waste wondering if they were getting shot at with lasers, traditional gunfire, or small grenades. She kept the gas pedal floored and tried to keep them from flipping over when they rolled across steep sandbanks. 
Her vision was starting to get blurry, and she knew she had lost far too much blood from the stab wound to be safe. When she had gained a small amount of distance on the skeleton crew, she ripped off chunks of her blouse and tried to make a shitty pressure bandage around the knife. There was no way she could pull it out—the knife itself was likely keeping pressure on some of the veins and arteries it had sliced through on its journey through her abdomen, and pulling it out would almost certainly mean death. 
But she refused to give in to the darkness tugging at the sides of her vision. It was still hot out, but a desperate chill was traveling through her body. Not good. She didn’t have time for shock or unconsciousness. She was lucky that she probably had significant desert driving experience on their pursuers, as she was able to maintain her lead on the skeletons. With a loud scream, she managed to get both doors closed, which cut down on their wind resistance and increased their speed. 
Now she was driving in nothing but her blood-soaked bra and panties, and she was out of any extra fabric to try and help out Sanchez. A quick feel for a pulse revealed that he was still alive. Using one of her knives and the one hand she was able to take off the steering wheel, she haphazardly tore off a chunk of his own shirt and made another shitty attempt at creating a bandage and a weak tourniquet around the area that seemed to have been hit by the laser shot. She still couldn’t tell exactly where it had hit or how bad it was beneath the tangled mess of charred shirt, flesh, and blood. The taste of singed hair and blood was in her mouth so strongly she didn’t know if she’d ever be able to get it out. She’d be tasting death for a month. 
It was an eternity, but she had finally gained enough distance on the skeletons that she could no longer see them in the vehicle’s rearview mirror, and on the horizon in front of them she saw the first blip of the Phoenix dome. They were almost there. They just might make it. Sanchez hadn’t heard any reply from HQ over his communicator, but the thing had been damaged in the crash, and it was possible that the message had been received, but that they weren’t able to hear any reply. At least that’s what the hopeful voice in her head was saying. If that wasn’t true, then she’d have to make it all the way to the dome proper before they got any back up. 
Minutes passed and the dome got closer and closer, but she was having more and more trouble keeping her hands steady on the wheel. The pain in her abdomen was fading, but she actually didn’t want it to. Going numb was just another sign that she was drifting farther into shock. If she couldn’t make it at least far enough to trigger the dome sensors that there was an unauthorized vehicle approaching, then they stood very little chance of surviving. Even if the skeletons had given up and gone home, they would both die without some kind of medical intervention in the very near future. 
There was a period where she felt a second wind coming, and thought that she just might make it, but then it became clear that it was just her body’s last ditch effort before giving up completely. 
“Damn it,” she swore quietly. Her head made a soft smack against Sanchez’s chest before she finally passed out. 

CHAPTER 7

One inhale and she knew that she was somewhere within the dome. Ironically, she was so used to huffing the toxic slew of the air out in the pits that the purified and oxygenated air inside the domes always burned her nostrils for awhile until she acclimated to the atmospheric differences. For some, the shock of moving between the two environments was too much, and some pits residents had died trying to get into a dome the first time. As a runner, she could easily transition between the different environments with little more to worry about than a few stray coughs and some irritation. 
The pleasant euphoria settling through her body told her that she was in some kind of a medical facility, hopped up on all kinds of good stuff. Normally she would have been pissed—she could hardly ever afford to risk that kind of fogginess, regardless of the kind of kind of pain she was in. However, remembering the size of the knife shoved up to the hilt in her gullet, she wasn’t really all that sorry for the drugs. 
She was going to need the drugs to deal with the dome drones anyway. Putting up with the normal officials already took an overt effort on her part. Typically the military bitches like Sanchez were at least tolerable—they spoke her language of no nonsense. Putting up with the white collars, the stiffs, they were a true headache to do business with, but the one place that was worse were the hospitals. There was so many rules, and so little warmth and even basic common sense at times. Decades upon decades of working with a system bogged down with pointless policies designed to avoid lawsuits had created a real monster. She had nearly firebombed a clinic or two in her day—anger and excess napalm made for a dangerous combination.
Before opening her eyes she raised an arm and wiggled it around a bit. Plastic cording whipped against her wrist and pulled at her hand. IV lines. Yeah, she was definitely in a hospital. At least that meant she truly hadn’t been shot up with Acromorphine and dumped in a holding cell to be picked apart by rogue skeleton goons. She rubbed the palms of her hands against her eyelids and opened them. 
She was surrounded by the clean white and shiny chrome furnishings of what was probably the main hospital in the Phoenix dome. Spared no expense. Even if they didn’t figure out who she was from the convoy they’d been attached to, a quick retinal scan would reveal who she was. At least they knew the value of a top runner, and she knew they wouldn’t just let her die. She moved billions of dollars in cargo every year. 
Despite the pristine cleanliness of the shiny room that squeaked and squawked with a variety of machine churning and pumping to keep her alive and well, there were so many chemicals at play that over the raw sting of excessively filtered dome air, it smelled faintly like the river running through the flats. At the first sign of movement a nurse seemed to magically appear to poke at the machines and check her vital signs. The woman was scribbling furiously on an electronic tablet, a tight brown bun bouncing on the back of her head as she dragged a pen across the glass surface. 
“How are you feeling,” she said to Xero without moving her eyes from the tablet. 
Xero coughed and knew that she’d been intubated at some point. Her throat was raw even over the drugs. “I feel like I was stabbed, left to die, and then pumped full of drugs,” she said. 
The nurse nodded. “That summarizes the situation,” she said. “You were treated for a fully penetrated stab wound with associated blood loss and shock trauma. Surgery was performed to explore damage to the abdominal cavity and to clean and close the wound. Your gallbladder and several inches of intestine were removed due to injury, but fortunately no other major organs were catastrophically damaged. You received two transfusions to replace lost blood volume. There was some trauma to your liver and lung that will continue to cause you some discomfort. IV pain medications will be administered to manage pain. You suffered other minor bruises and contusions, but no significant head trauma was detected.” 
Xero whistled. “Well, that about sums it up. Thanks for the update,” she said. “But the really important question is when can I get out of here.” 
The nurse finally looked at her with small round brown eyes. “Now that your mental status has been assessed you will likely be sedated for rapid healing protocols,” she said. 
Of course. They didn’t want any dirty pits people stinking up their pretty hospital any longer than necessary. She reached a hand up and felt the prickly sides of her shaved head. They had taken the liberty of removing her wig, so anyone walking by would immediately know she wasn’t supposed to be there. Non-regulation haircuts were highly discouraged, especially in the big metropolitan domes. Can’t go around encouraging people to incite anarchy or anything like that, and everyone knows that colored hair means an instant government takedown. 
Shaking aside her animosity towards the system, she took a moment to be grateful that she was still alive and not feeling any pain for the moment. 
“Your cancer status remains low,” she added, her eyes returning to the tablet. “Signs point towards being a good rapid healing candidate. Your recovery should be swift and with minimal repercussions.” 
At least she had that going for her. All signs from her repeated dome inspections indicated that she would stay clear of the big C for a good long while—it was worth their while to keep investing in her as a runner that would be viable for a long time. 
She adjusted herself in the hospital bed and winced when her abdomen moved too much. “Can you tell me what became of Commander Raul Sanchez?” Xero asked. 
“I’m sorry, I can’t divulge that information,” the nurse said without lifting her gaze. 
She had learned to be a decent politician, and she usually did an okay job of holding her tongue, but in this circumstance she was having a hard time keeping her natural personality in check. Sanchez was a decent man to work with, something that was especially hard to find in the world of the dome squares. She would be pissed if retarded policies had led to his death. And there would be consequences. 
With great effort she kept a feisty jab to herself. “Can you tell me where my appointed business partner is?” she asked, knowing it was futile. 
The nurse gave one curt head shake and raised her eyes to meet Xero’s gaze. “I don’t have that information,” she said, and Xero believed her. 
“I see,” Xero replied, proud of herself for showing restraint. She was getting better at this. The last time she’d been drugged up and injured in front of dome assholes it had not gone well. Sometimes there were not enough sedatives in the world to deal with people. 
“Get some rest,” she said. “You’ll be sedated later this afternoon.” 
Xero refrained from asking why she needed to get some rest if they were just going to sedate her anyway, but didn’t think the sarcasm would penetrate the robotic nurse’s strictly maintained façade. An actual cyborg would have had more warmth, but those had been outlawed long ago. 
“Hey, bring a military commander in here—I have important intelligence information I need to discuss,” she said as the nurse attempted to leave, but her request was totally ignored. 
She sighed and threw up her hands. Figured. Too married to policy to give a shit about a potentially lethal threat. The dome citizens were so cushioned and sheltered from the world outside their shiny plastic lives, most of them couldn’t even conceive of what life was like on the outside. At some point they deemed it too stressful to broadcast that kind of information, so images of the flats or the pits were not illegal to be shown on mainstream media. That’s not to say that people didn’t find ways to get that kind of information. They trafficked all kinds of goods across the black market, and recently she was seeing a spike in the illegal information trade. Those types of runs always made her happy—she got to make an easy buck and while fucking the dome agenda at the same time. She almost would have been willing to traffic that kind of goods without any sort of fee, but she had a policy about giving away any services. There’s no such thing as a free lunch, even if that lunch consisted of freedom and vengeance. 
The nurse closed the door, and a locking mechanism whirred a moment later. At least they didn’t have her physically restrained against the bed. Either she had finally bought some karma with her business partners, or Sanchez’s buddies had pulled some strings. She pulled back the thin white and blue hatched hospital covers to check out the damage. She must have crashed or rolled the vehicle again when she passed out because there were extra cuts and bruises painting her arms and legs that she didn’t remember getting in the first wave of the skirmish. Not that she gave a fuck—her body was covered in a life’s worth of scars from too many fights to count. The worrisome part was the network of bandages tightly wrapping her from her collarbone down to her waist. At least they were going to bump her up to a rapid healing protocol. From the looks of it, she would have been out for months trying to heal that shit naturally, and with Trina down for the count they just couldn’t afford to let the territory go for that long. Not with things as unstable as they had been. 
That was the bigger question. What had become of Argon? Did he know what had happened to her? Had he been attacked too? As much of a hard time as she gave him, he really was a competent fighter when his brain wasn’t stuck between his legs, and she had confidence that he could hold his own in an attack. But then again, Sanchez was one of the better fighters she’d ever worked with, and they had been overtaken by skeleton’s despite being paired with her. That was embarrassing to be sure—whether they were working with imbeciles or not, one of them should have kept a better handle on that situation, and they’d paid the price for sure. She must have been a sight for the dome patrols to pick up—half naked and covered in blood. At least her wig glue had held fast prior to the hospital staff taking it off. 
She would have killed for a communicator and some privacy. She needed to figure out whether or not Argon was still alive, and she needed to have a serious sit down with Calavera. She wasn’t sure what was worse—Calavera losing control of her goons, or just outright turning against her. From the sounds of it, whoever was behind everything was stirring up trouble on a bigger scale than the typical drug wars. Shit was going down, and she wasn’t one to just sit on the sidelines and let things burn around her. Either she was going to take a fire extinguisher and put out the blaze, or she was throwing gas on the flames. 
She wasn’t going to get the chance to get all the answers she wanted right now, but there was a bright side. At some point they’d changed their policies. For far too long they had disseminated the patient information on a digital basis only—meaning there was no chart left behind in the room for anyone to look at if they didn’t have their own tablet to access it. This had caused her great inconvenience on certain missions, and she imagined it had also likely caused a good deal of medical malpractice, as it relied on medical personnel actually taking the time to ID their patients before looking up their chart information. Looked like they had solved it by just leaving a tablet behind in every patient’s room, which was just fine and dandy for her. 
Only thing that would have made it better would have been to put it closer to her bedside. The tablet was docked at the foot of the bed. Thinking of her skewered organs and the wide swath of bandages across her abdomen, this wasn’t going to be comfortable by any stretch of the imagination. Fuck it. She sat up in bed and bit her tongue to stifle any excess screams from the pain that cut through the drugs. If anyone was looking at the security cameras they’d see her getting up to no good, but making undue noise would just draw their attention sooner. 
With one swift exhale, she jerked forward and snagged the tablet from the end of the hospital bed. Perhaps she was imagining it, but she could have sworn she felt and heard something go crunch in her abdomen. Her head thumped against the hard pillows, and she spent a minute breathing heavily through the painful throb in her gut. There were some red spots leaking through the pristine white of her bandages. Probably ripped some stitches. Crap, she would get into trouble in for that later for sure, but it’s not like it was anything that they couldn’t patch up. They would have to deal with it. If they were more transparent with their policies and information she wouldn’t have to go to such extreme measures anyway. 
Once she had the pain under control she set to work on the tablet. She wasn’t a computers expert, but she’d spent enough time out on the black market to have picked up a thing or two from the less than scrupulous hackers out there. It took a few minutes of noodling, but she broke out in a huge grin when the mainframe opened to the tap of her fingertips. She was in. A quick glance at her own chart confirmed that the nurse had been straight with her about her diagnosis and what had happened in surgery. She read a note about her wig being removed to check for head injuries, which made sense. Truth be told, she was surprised they even noticed it was a wig—the Grease Weasels took disguise seriously, and they usually found some pretty quality costuming materials on the black market. Perhaps it had actually been partially torn off in the second crash. She made a mental note to look into doing some more adhesives testing when she got back to the pits. 
She pursed her lips and continued tapping away at the screen until she came to the file that she was looking for. Another smile spread across her face and she chuckled a little. That bastard Sanchez had made it after all. They were a hard pair to kill. The laser had tagged him in the chest, collapsing his lung and blowing out his shoulder joint on the way out. Thankfully, the shot had missed his heart, and the strike itself was clean. One benefit to the laser guns was that they didn’t leave behind the shrapnel of a conventional weapon. She’d been hit with a real bullet or two in her time, and it wasn’t an experience she wanted to relive. 
With that question settled, she moved on to her next agenda item. The other great thing about the tablet was that it was connected to the internet. One of the most annoying things about the pits was the lack of internet. Some of it was being restored, but much of it was still patchy, slow and unreliable. In some ways it had restored privacy that was nonexistent in dome life, but it made many other things inconvenient. Some of the pits that were in close proximity to areas of former technology glory, like the areas north of San Francisco and the Silicon Valley were actually bringing an underground network of sorts back again. Xero was ambivalent about the whole affair, and hadn’t done much with her home area yet. There was a certain appeal to living off the grid. 
	With Sanchez accounted for, that just left the matter of figuring out what became of Argon. There was no way to try and contact him directly through the tablet that wouldn’t lead to suspicion and traces on their communication that were unacceptable even in dire circumstances. The sanctity of the Grease Weasels was bigger than the safety of any one member, and it wasn’t worth the risk. Even if Argon were in dire straights, with her communication abilities severely hampered there wasn’t much she could do. Hopefully if the shit had started to fly he would have tried to make contact with home base back in the pits where they might be able to activate some of their covert ops teams to come to the rescue. She trusted Milo to make the best tactical decisions for the circumstances. 
	She spent a few precious minutes combing through the hospital records on the off-chance that someone fitting Argon’s description or going by his real name or any of his various aliases had been admitted to the facility. When she came up empty handed, she moved on to the last productive thing she could do while in possession of the tablet. Digging through a few layers of search engine filters, she tapped into a few of the more well-known taboo websites in search of any news regarding the riots in the flats or any associated instability dome-side. 
	She had just located an article that contained a photo of some of the carnage in the flats when the same nurse marched back into the room. 
	Xero sighed and dropped the tablet on her lap, lifting her hands in the air to show surrender in an attempt to avoid full restraints or premature sedation. “Busted,” she said with a mild attempt at sheepishness. 
	The nurse wasn’t buying it. She stomped her way to the bed, the smooth porcelain veneer of her dome drone face cracking into a sneer. Her eyes beady eyes were squinted into even smaller bland brown pin points. “How dare you,” she said. “You just violated not less than seventeen hospital policies.” 
	Xero shrugged. “So sue me,” she said, unable to help herself. She was really slipping on this trip. Good thing she could blame the drugs for her cheeky behavior. 
	The nurse snatched the tablet from the bed with a careless speed that seemed to surprise her, and Xero smiled, knowing that she’d successfully gotten under the nurse’s skin. The nurse took a second to collect herself, and with deliberate carefulness she placed the tablet back into its rightful cradle at the foot of the bed. With a very purposeful breath she smoothed down her white scrubs and a smile pushed itself out to her lips like a tube of old play dough. 
	“More than one can play at this game,” she said, the creepy smile slowly drooping towards her chin. 
	Xero just kept smiling innocently. “Play what?” she said, knowing messing with the nurse wouldn’t lead anywhere good, but not really caring anymore. It had been a rough week, and she was only hastening the inevitable anyway.  
	The nurse finally couldn’t maintain the fake grin any longer, and it died on her face like a fallen soufflé. “Lights out for you,” she said and grabbed a capped syringe out of her scrub pockets. As Xero suspected, the nurse must have been contemplating it even before she messed with her, considering she had a syringe ready to go. 
	Thankfully there wasn’t much more Xero could do before healing further from her injuries, so an early sedation wasn’t much of a punishment. The nurse stuck the syringe into one of Xero’s IV lines and gave a little miffed cackle before slamming the empty syringe into the sharp’s container on the wall and plodding out of the room. The door slammed and locked again behind her. 
	She began feeling woozy, but she smiled a little bit more knowing that the nurse had just violated some of her own sacred hospital policies. Unauthorized sedation of a patient for one, and not monitoring a sedated patient for stable vitals before leaving the room for another. If you pushed anyone far enough, they would break, and Xero had a knack for figuring out what would make someone violate their own code of ethics. It was one of the things that had made her an excellent psychiatrist. 
	The lights dimmed on her vision again, and she silently hoped her intuition was right, and the nurse wouldn’t take any further steps towards vengeance. Then again, waiting for catastrophe was half the fun. 
CHAPTER 8

	Fate smiled on her gamble, and she woke up once again in the hospital, this time significantly more intact than she had been before. Rapid healing protocols were one of the few things they didn’t have out in the pits that they she really wished they did. It didn’t work well for chronic or infectious shit like cancer or lung zaps, but it was a goddamned miracle for straight forward wound healing. Less than a day had passed, and she felt nearly 90% improved. Medical personnel must have agreed because within hours of waking up they began preparing to have her transported to another facility. 
	Very little in the way of communication or answers was provided during the course of the transfer, but it was all pretty standard bullshit. Once she was out of the locked down hospital environment she’d have a lot more leeway to get access to the kinds of equipment and information that she was accustomed to. Everyone she’d dealt with during the discharge and transfer process had been low level peons. Some of the higher level officials she was used to doing business with were conspicuously absent, leading her to think there was even more shit going down than she originally thought. 
	She was proud of herself for behaving for the majority of the experience. The nurse she’d had so much fun with never returned, likely having been fired or transferred to another ward for her insubordination. When she was younger, she had trained herself to be a professional and hide her true emotions from her clients. She had a natural talent for being a chameleon—for observing the behaviors of others and mimicking them. But when the exiles happened, when everything changed, she had let go of those inhibitions and those feelings of captivity. She wasn’t proud of everything that she’d done in those days, but she had learned new skills that she still used today. However, she still fought against the urge to just let it all hang out and watch everything burn around her. These days she had bigger responsibilities, which she sometimes felt like living up to when the mood struck her. There was a whole colony that relied on her to keep shit together, which was probably a mistake on their part. 
	At the end of the day she found herself unceremoniously dumped at a fancy hotel room. It was odd, the way she was so brusquely handled, but taken to such expensive accommodations. The kind of treatment they received and the lodgings they were given varied by dome city and by the current political attitudes of any given area, but usually the two matched up—if they were given shitty quarters they were usually treated like shit too. Since the majority of their business ran out of the Phoenix, they were usually guaranteed a relatively posh experience, and she was indeed being given the highest standard of everything from first rate healthcare to a top ranked hotel room, but she hadn’t seen a single familiar face since she’d passed out on top of Sanchez. 
	The hotel was in downtown Phoenix, a place she’d been in many times, but it was actually a few rungs up in extravagance from what they were used to receiving there. The Niagara Hotel was supposed to be the epitome of modern comfort, but there was something almost sad about it. The front of the building was all shiny chrome and soft baby blue neon tubes flowing across the wide picture windows in an attempt to simulate running water. Everything about it seemed to promise a bright future where nature and technology would merge into some symbiotic harmony. As Xero gazed at the sign she laughed internally at its ludicrous pretense. This whole place was one big lie, a symbol of the propaganda parade that everyone in the domes was surfing. Their resources were dwindling. Their days were numbered. It was only a matter of time before they lost their false visions of glory and superiority and were buried under the dirt and despair that everyone else had been living with for the last twenty years. But until then, Xero would happily enjoy their swanky hotel. 
	After an uncomfortable ride with a cadre of military personnel in a vehicle that was not unlike the one she’d crashed several days prior, she was more than happy to leave the company of the all the grunts and the hospital personnel and finally have some privacy. Or at least relative privacy. There were always eyes watching. A true professional managed to do their business despite prying eyes, but sometimes extreme measures were necessary. A quick sweep of her surroundings would give her a good idea of what approach to take. She was so thirsty for information, she felt like some poor sap in the desert constantly crawling towards an oasis mirage.
	 After reaching the precipice of the new room, a recruit that looked young enough to be her son roughly thrust her across the entry way. She bit her lip and smiled. “Is there a problem?” she said, trying to keep her voice as neutral as possible. 
	The young man was wearing a blue dress uniform so crisp it looked like it had come right out off the assembly line. He was thin, and his buzzed hair was such a pale blond that she almost couldn’t see it. He reminded her of some of the nondescript serial killers and mass murderers that had periodically made headlines in decades past. 
	The recruit’s eyes stayed cold, but his lip curled in disdain. “You’re the problem,” he said and stopped, clearly holding back further expletives. 
	Truth be told, Xero felt kind of uncomfortable, which was funny for a woman that had the confidence to directly command a legion of several thousand people. After she’d gotten past medical clearance they had issued her a woman’s military uniform, which consisted of a dark navy coat that buttoned up to her chin, and a matching navy skirt that hugged her legs and stopped well above her knees. The uniform itself was fine. She’d spent more than enough time dressed in all manner of outfits, and she could wear anything comfortably given the right circumstances. It was just the dissonance. Attitude-wise she was having problems controlling herself for reasons that she wasn’t totally sure about. The uniform was clashing with how she was feeling like portraying herself, and stripped of her wig and makeup, her wilted neon Mohawk flopped backwards across the center of her starkly nude head. She didn’t feel quite like Xero or Anastasia, and those were two personas that were not ready to play nice with each other. 
	Xero raised her eyebrows and inhaled, relishing the rich smell of the suite, making sure the enjoyment showed on her face. “You jealous or something?” she said. 
	The recruit’s mouth wrinkled into something resembling a craggy lemon. “I would never be jealous of something like you,” he said. 
	Xero closed her eyes and let a gregarious grin plaster itself across her face. “Yeah, good thing, considering someone like you would never be able to appreciate luxury like this anyway. It would be a total waste,” she said, not letting her smile slip for one second. 
	The recruit’s fists clenched so hard she could see the blood draining across his knuckles. “Some people work for their rewards,” he said almost too quietly to hear. 
	Her smile persisted, but any traces of Anastasia were gone. Her eyes were dead, and the change had an immediate effect on the recruit. His lemony mouth froze into fear. 
	“I…I didn’t mean it like that,” he said. His fingers fidgeted inside his pristine white gloves. 
	Xero walked towards him, one foot crossed in front of the other like she was going down a catwalk. The government issue pumps had enough of a heel, and the military skirt was short enough that she may as well have been peddling skin for money. The recruit took a hasty step backwards and tripped on his own feet once before righting himself against the back wall of the hallway. 
	She advanced until she was just a few inches from his face and leaned her arm against the gilded wallpaper beside his head. “I’m pretty sure you meant it just like that,” she said in a voice that dripped with seduction, but her eyes remained cold and empty. They were honest eyes, eyes that said she’d slit his throat, fuck his dying body, and think nothing of it. 
	He swallowed, using his eyes to scan both ways down the hallway, hoping to find backup without having to chicken out and verbally call for them. 
	She cocked her head to the side. “Don’t worry, I’m not going to hurt you,” she said. “Your own life is punishment enough.” As much as she would have liked to actually kick his punk ass to teach him a lesson, it probably wasn’t worth the paperwork. There were too many other variables at work at the moment, and in the hotel hallway there were definitely cameras about. The rest of her permanent detail was downstairs attending to tactical or administrative details, but they could return at any moment. 
	She pulled away and stood a few feet from him with her hands on his hips. He made an attempt at straightening himself out, and ventured one last attempt at redemption. “You’re a filthy rebel. You don’t deserve any of this,” he said. 
	Xero thought of the front of the hotel with its ornate façade and all the lies it represented. She almost felt sorry for this young piece of shit. “Honey. You have no idea what I live through on a daily basis, and you have no idea what awaits you in the future. If you ever run into me again, you might think about being nicer. You never know, one of these days I might just end up being your boss for real,” she said, poked him in the nose, swayed back into her hotel room, and slammed the door in his face. 
It was another politically questionable event, but it had felt so good. Totally worth it. Although it was somewhat frivolous in terms of actual safety, she slipped the chain lock on the door so that she would at least have a heads up if the mouthy recruit or some other dick wad decided to bust in on her while she was trying to relax. 
She leaned her head back against the door and closed her eyes, overjoyed at finally having some privacy. The room followed the style of the rest of the hotel—all chrome and soft blue lights illuminating things that really didn’t need illuminating. The curtains were made of a blue fabric that had blinking fiber optic cables interwoven into the panels. An executive desk made out of more chrome and stainless steel was pressed against the opposite wall, and if it was half as soft as it looked, piled high with feather pillows and fluffy chenille blankets, she was going to sleep well tonight despite all the fuckery. Piles of soft blue and white towels, pajamas, and an oversized bathrobe were neatly stacked in rows on the metallic dresser next to a large flat screen television. 
It was going to feel really good to wear something that wasn’t a hospital gown or a misogynistic uniform. This was the kind of place she would have stayed at back in the early days of Alphamine. She had never been caught, and if the dome exodus hadn’t happened, she probably would have been staying at places like that every weekend. As nice as places like that were, she still missed their headquarters down in the pits. It wasn’t clean, and it wasn’t pretty, but there was no where else that she could have such complete freedom. 
Just as she stepped away from the door there was a knock. Through the peephole there was another pair of soldiers, but these two were older and higher ranking than the other she’d been dealing with since waking up at the hospital. It was about time they sent someone of an appropriate rank. She was having fun fucking with the rookie scum, but eventually that could get her into a difficult spot. 
After opening the door, she immediately had a good feeling about the officers just from seeing their expressions. They were wearing camo uniforms instead of the obnoxious dress uniforms that she’d seen everyone wearing since being released. They were still serious and lacking any outward emotion, but in her eyes, she saw something. 
“Agent Pietrovich?” the taller one said. He had dark skin and a thick but groomed mustache. He was of medium build, and he was taller, older, and a few ranks higher than his partner, who was also darkly complected but clean shaven. 
She cocked her head to the side. “Yes?” she said. 
The older one extended his hand. “Captain Stone,” he said and gave her hand a firm shake. “I just wanted to thank you,” “We heard about what you did for Sanchez.” 
The younger one stepped forward and shook her hand as well. “Lieutenant Avery. Thank you so much. Sanchez is like a father to us,” he said. 
Xero nodded. “Sanchez is a good man. I’m glad he’s going to pull through—that was entirely too close for comfort,” she said. 

There was a tall upright piece of travel luggage behind the two of them. Stone wheeled it forward and gave her the handle. She raised an eyebrow. 
“Everything you need should be in there. There are things happening out here—it’s not safe. Once you go back inside we’re going to reactivate the security cameras out here in the hall for safety purposes. Orders from the higher ups are to not let you out of the room until you’re moved to another facility for debriefing tomorrow, but you let us know if you need anything, and we’ll make sure you get it,” Stone said. 
“I’ll be directly supervising all the security details this evening, so you let me know if anything else happens, and I’ll take care of it. We were delayed getting here because of continuing incidents at the border,” Avery said with a look that led her to believe that he’d seen what had happened with the younger recruit earlier. 
	She wanted to ask them more questions, but knew it wouldn’t be appropriate. She didn’t want to risk getting the men in trouble, and from the sounds of it, the tools she needed to get her answers were in the bag. 
	“I’ll see to it that you’re not disturbed the remainder of the evening—as I understand it you were also gravely injured and could use some rest,” Stone said. 
	She gave them a genuine smile. “Thank you both very much. Good luck dealing with these new recruits. They’re quite a handful,” she said. 
	“You’re telling me,” Avery said and rolled his eyes. Stone kicked his foot lightly. 
	Stone cleared his throat. “There have been challenging staff shortages recently, which I’m sure you’ll read more about this evening. We’ve got this hotel monitored—a lot of important business and political figures are taking asylum here, but keep your ears open,” he said, alluding to the point that he didn’t quite trust his own staff to carry out duties effectively. 
	That explained why she was here and not in some dingy military bunker on the outskirts of the dome. She figured it was just their typical dome habit of holding on to protocols regardless of the situation—runners in Phoenix were treated well because they found that it reduced incidents of theft and misconduct when the runners were treated with respect and value. Imagine that. The fact that they were protecting her in the same area as key political figures also meant that someone felt she was an important political object herself. Curious. 
	They both shook her hand again, restating their gratitude for saving Sanchez, knowing that she could have just as easily dumped his body out of the combat vehicle and left him to die while she escaped. The fact that she had raised their opinion of her enough to stop thinking of her as pit trash spoke volumes about their character, and she was glad to finally have a few people with some kind of sense around again. 
	After wheeling in the suitcase and securing the door again, she stripped down to her underwear again. At least it was a comfortable temperature—that was one thing that she sometimes missed about the domes. The flats were always erratic in their temperature fluctuations, while the pits were typically either too hot or too cold. The tightly controlled environment in the domes were always just right. In fact, if you were in a dome that wasn’t doing a good job of keeping the temperature constant, it was a good bet that something was about to go catastrophically wrong. It was like the harbinger of a dying star, a good sign that the dome would fail and become another abandoned flat. Each of the domes had a vested interest in keeping the other domes in various cities running—if a dome failed the citizens would inevitably attempt to migrate to another dome city. This had of course led to widespread debates about border security and immigration policies. The ones that were excepted for immigration became a burden to the fragile closed systems—the ones that didn’t get accepted died in the pits, which would spark cavalcades of political unrest. 
This was one of the reasons why media had become so severely restricted in the past few years. It was much easier to advocate for stricter immigration policies if you didn’t have to deal with images of your friends and neighbors suffocating to death in the pits. In the early days Xero had opened a quarantined area for those who were not evolved enough to breath outside the domes. These days the air in the pits had gotten so bad that there really wasn’t a need for such halfway houses—most people were dead before they ever even made it to a pit colony. 
Now comfortably in her PJs, she tossed the suitcase onto the tall bed and jumped up there after it. She couldn’t help but take a moment to roll around in the soft morass of frothy white blankets and pillows. She scissored her arms and legs back and forth like she was a making a snow angel. Snow—that was something she hadn’t seen in awhile. Some northern domes used to simulate snow in the winter for the psychological comfort of those who weren’t used to living without it, but that had long ago become too expensive, and it had been a long time since she’d done a run far enough north into Canada to see any real snow in the pits. 
After enjoying the minute of frivolous indulgence, she stopped fucking around and opened the suitcase. Inside there was everything she could have hoped for—there were business casual clothes, the sort she would have gone somewhere and bought if she hadn’t been put on lockdown after the attack, and there were also some hardier selections, like a pair of military camo pants and other casual clothing items along with some useful toiletries. No additional wig was available, but she wouldn’t have expected them to think of something like that. She was just going to have to deal with reconciling her two personas. Sometimes it was good to have Xero readily accessible, even when they were in Anastasia’s territory. 
Underneath the clothes was the real important stuff, and she made sure to hold the lid of the suitcase at an angle so that any cameras wouldn’t have a good view of anything inside. There was a small computer that she recognized as one of the newer models she’d been shipping from dome to dome recently. There wasn’t a whole lot of use for them in the pits, so she typically just kept them stashed about various hiding places in the domes that she frequented the most. This was exactly what she needed. 
There was also a small toolkit that had the miniature screw drivers and wire cutters that she’d need to get some of her work done, along with various wires and connectors. The last piece of the puzzle was a communicator with a scrambling unit on it. Perfect. Avery and Stone won the prize for being her new best friends. She looked around the room and located the main camera and microphone surveying sleeping area. It was hidden amongst some of the glowing decorations, but she was well-practiced in locating and disabling surveillance equipment, and within a few minutes she had it rewired to show another nearby room. Hopefully with the help of Avery and Stone no one would charge in demanding to know what she’d done with the surveillance machines. From the sound of it, they had more important people to keep an eye on, and more pressing issues to deal with. 
She went about the rest of the suite and used the scrambling unit on the communicator as a makeshift scanner for anything she might have missed. There was actually one left, and she was especially happy disabling a sneaky camera hidden inside shower. Perverts. When everything looked clear, she took one of the screwdrivers and partially dismantled the television. After a little digging she removed a monitoring device from the back of the unit and unceremoniously dumped it into the trash. Not that anyone using the suite after her would likely care if their television watching habits were being monitored, but just the principle of the thing bothered Xero, and she might decide to wire the computer to the bigger screen for better intel if she managed to tap into any valuable underground news networks. 
While replacing the back panel of the television she thought of Evan, and she was silently grateful for all of the engineering know-how that he’d taught her over the years. Neptune was an amazing engineer, maybe one of the best she’d ever seen, but she couldn’t even begin to hold a candle to Evan. Her face went blank. She had long ago stopped mourning for all the people she had lost and continued to lose on a daily basis, but she didn’t think she’d ever totally stop missing Evan. She shook off the thought and finished making her rounds of the hotel. 
During the course of her security inspection, she found that the fancy curtains were actually affixed to the window, making it impossible for her to see out and vice versa. She probably could have pried them free, but it would have been at significant cost and damage to the facilities. As much as she would have liked to see out and watch what was going on downtown, it was probably better that no one could see up through her window either. At least she had access to a clock to keep track of the relative time. It was 6pm, and it would be getting dark outside soon. Someone would probably be coming to retrieve her early in the morning, but there should still be plenty of time to try and gather intel and also get some sleep. She knew from experience that not taking care of yourself after a rapid healing treatment could have some unpleasant side effects. 
Once she was satisfied with the setup of the room, she slipped on a pair of jeans and a black tank top that were among the clothing selections in the suitcase. With any hope she would be undisturbed, but it was probably better to remain clothed in case any of the military folk got nosy and decided to come bother the exotic pit runner. An unsettling trend of fighting naked or half naked was shaping up that week, and it wasn’t a tradition that she particularly wanted to continue. 
The big executive desk would serve as a great workbench, and she set up all of the technical equipment in a meticulous fashion. It cemented her feelings that Stone and Avery were no fools, and were likely actually on special ops teams. They had included everything that she could have possibly wanted for security and intelligence hacking. This was going to be a breeze. With a few minutes she had connected to the internet and bypassed all the monitoring protocols. It was so much faster and easier with the powerful laptop than it had been trying to patch things together on the fly with the tablet a few days ago at the hospital. 
Now she was able to access the reputable underground news agencies, and she immediately understood why there had been so many personnel shortages. There were riots breaking out all across the flats, and there had been a near breach on the western side of the Phoenix dome. It wasn’t totally clear from the patch reports, but looked like skeletons had been involved with all or most of the attacks. Calavera had some real explaining to do. Although honestly, she didn’t think Calavera had the resources or the smarts to pull something like this off. There was something very suspicious about the whole thing. The attacks seemed incredibly well-planned, but in the end the rioters were just retreating and giving up after causing a sufficient amount of mayhem. Calavera wouldn’t be able to come up with anything so sophisticated. At best she was a charismatic two bit criminal with a cult-like following, which is why in the end she had decided to ally with Xero. She had a much more developed network of underground activities, and the whole Southern Arizona territory basically belonged to her. Calavera’s thugs were dangerous to tangle with, as Argon had learned the hard way back in the flats, but in the end they were really just an annoyance. Xero had agreed to a truce primarily as a way to avoid inconvenience. Burying bodies in the hot desert sand was hard work. 
She flexed her fingers and got ready to poke around at some seriously questionable sites. Since hacking really wasn’t her primary business, she didn’t usually go messing with some of the higher security clearance sites because there was always a decent risk that she might get caught, but she was pretty desperate and impatient for information. During debriefing she may or may not get any kind of reasonable update. She would try getting ahold of one of the Grease Weasels via communicator, but even with all the known bugs removed from the room she didn’t want to take unnecessary risk by talking about sensitive information over them. There was no way she would even attempt reaching Calavera directly, as much as she wanted to tear her a new one. Communicators essentially worked on modified radio waves, and even one encrypted with a scrambler didn’t have the most airtight security. Out in the pits there typically weren’t enough people with the type of equipment to pick up those kinds of signals even if they wanted to, but they had fairly strict rules against using communicators while in the dome for a reason. 
After noodling around she managed to get access to a network of army communications. The transmissions weren’t clear, but at least from a lower level, no one seemed to have any clue why these attacks were happening or who was behind them. She played around on a few more sites and struck out, either failing to gain access or to find any new information that shed additional light onto the situation. After getting frustrated and realizing that she was in danger of getting caught hacking through some high level security, she gave up. Damn. Evan would have been able to cut through the security nets like butter, but she was nothing but a cheap imitation of his skills. She would have to try the communicator and hope that she was able to reach someone Grease Weasels. 
After verifying that the scrambler was installed and working properly she made an attempt to reach Argon’s communicator. A sick feeling rumbled in her stomach—she’d been deliberately avoiding thinking about what might have become of him, but it was impossible not to. From the news and military reports that she’d gotten access to, it looked like the skeleton riots had spread to an area that was directly adjacent to their shack in the flats, and who knew whether or not the skeletons coming to inspect the dead body they’d found were rogues or not? In retrospect splitting up seemed like a really foolish idea, but at the time she hadn’t known that any skeletons were directly involved in the larger fights. 
The communicator crackled and hissed and she cranked the volume down as low as it could go to avoid any accidental attention from neighboring suites or soldiers that might be guarding outside. Nothing. She fiddled with the knobs and tried adjacent frequencies, but all she ever got in return was more static. No Argon. It didn’t necessarily mean anything. She was in one of the worst possible places for reception. His transmitter could have been lost or damaged in a fight, but he could be just fine. Still. Shit. Not the result she was hoping for. Resisting the urge to throw the transmitter against the wall she took a deep breath and started trying to make contact with some of the Grease Weasels way back in the pits, starting with Milo. Milo would know exactly what to do. 
For several minutes she got nothing but more annoying static and screeching, but then she heard a faint voice. 
“Milo, is that you? This is Xero,”  she said quietly but as clearly as she could in a codified version of Tohono O’odham. Following the code talkers who used the Navajo language for secret transmissions during WWII, they had adopted a standard of communicating in a modified form of the Tohono O’odham language. Native speakers of the language might recognize chunks of the language, but would still not be able to understand the message. All of the Grease Weasels were required to speak it, but not even their periphery and support teams could understand it. That, plus the scrambled encryption would make decoding the message by anyone other than another Grease Weasel quite challenging. 
“Xero! It’s you, you’re alive!” he said and whooped. 
He got quieter as he yelled in a different direction from the communicator. “Hey Neptune, it’s the boss!” he said and Xero wasn’t able to hear what Neptune said in reply, but knowing that at least the two of them were safe made her breathe an internal sigh of relief. At least home base was secure still. Not that she didn’t trust the rest of the Grease Weasels, but with Trina sick and Argon and her out of the picture it certainly left room for accidents and attacks. 
“You’re alive!” Milo said again into the transmitter. He cleared his voice and continued, “Um, not that I expected anything less of you or anything boss, but I don’t know if you’ve noticed—it’s getting crazy out here.” 
Xero laughed. “Don’t worry about it—I have in fact noticed that shit is going down,” she said and gave him a quick update of what had happened. 
“We’ve had no word from Argon either,” Milo said, and she could hear the sadness in his voice. 
“Any word from Calavera?” she asked. 
“I didn’t know about the attacks on you and Argon, but after seeing news about the skeleton riots popping up all over the place, we got one solid convo with her, but it was cut short over the communicator. She said that the riots weren’t her and that she was looking into the incidences. She sounded majorly stressed out, so I’m not sure what you want to make of that. Personally I don’t think she’s behind it,” he said. 
“I’m with you on that one—I think we both know she’s not clever enough to do something like this on her own. You think someone’s got the screws to her?” she asked. Milo always had a good sense about these types of things. 
“I’m not sure, to be honest. The whole situation is strange. We haven’t gone down to Nogales to rough her up in person yet—wanted to see if you turned up and had any thoughts about it first. If she were down in South Tucson we probably would have already gone to shake her up a bit, but you know the last time we had to barge into Nogales it wasn’t pretty,” he said. 
“We’re in a compromised position—I would stay away from there until we really have our shit together, or there’s some good reason to do so, let’s stay out of Nogales for the time being. If we go to Nogales, I need to be there,” she said. “I assume you’ve sent out recon teams?” 
“Yeah, soon as we got news that things had gone south I put out recon teams to figure out what was happening. I’ve given them all orders to stay undercover and out of any conflicts until we give them the word. Couldn’t get anything out of the feds—things are locked down super tight out there in dome town. No sign of Argon, and all we knew was that you’d been involved in some incident between the Casa Grande flats and the Phoenix dome,” he said. 
“Damn. At least you didn’t find a body, but this is not good,” she said. “Good work though—I knew I could count on you to keep things running Milo.” 
“Thanks, you know I got this,” he said lightly, but she could tell he was happy to hear the praise. It had probably been one hell of a week trying to keep the system from falling apart. Southern Arizona was a volatile area even without active conflict situations going on. 
“How’s Trina doing?” she said. One of the other unintended consequences of this snag was the delay in getting the Ketocillin for Trina. 
He sighed, and she was able to hear it even over the crackle of the communicator’s static. “Not good. I’m doing everything I can, but the zaps have her real bad. It’s that bad drug resistant form from Russia, I know it. If we can’t get her some Ketocillin soon, I’m going to have to start experimenting with stuff cooked up in the lab, and we both know that could be even worse than just letting the zaps take her,” he said, the heavy sadness coming through his words. They were all used to watching people die every day, but there were still some people that you just couldn’t let go. 
“I have no idea how things are going to go down tomorrow, but if at all possible I’m going to push for getting clearance to complete the Yuma run. That’s the only place we can really safely get to the antibiotics. That stuff is so precious that if we just send in a cover team to do recon, things could go south really fast,” she said. The security of the organization was worth more than any of their individual lives, and there was a high chance that any but the most elite teams would get caught trying to pull off something like that. The right kind of antibiotics were worth more than diamonds had been in the old world. 
“Thank you,” Milo said. 
“Look, this channel is scrambled, but we’ve already said too much. This communicator channel should be open until at least morning, but after that I can’t guarantee anything. If I’m lucky they’ll immediately re-issue all of my field gear and let me keep this stuff too, but I can’t promise anything. Keep doing what you’re doing, and I’ll be in contact with you again as soon as possible,” she said. 
“Roger that. Thanks boss, stay safe out there,” he said and they signed off. 
Fuck. The fact that the recon team hadn’t found any sign of Argon’s body, but no one had heard from him yet was not good. It could have meant several things, including that he might have illegally snuck into the dome to escape an attack, but it also meant that he could be gravely injured and in need of help, or it could mean that he had been taken hostage. Knowledge was power, and Xero didn’t like blind spots in her information field.  
Her stomach rumbled and a painful cramp rocked her abdomen. She grabbed at her belly and grunted. She hadn’t had any solid food the whole time she’d been in the hospital, so it would follow that she would be starving. Whatever liquid nutrition they’d pumped her full of while her gut wounds were healing had worn off, leaving her insides twisted in knots. She rummaged through the rest of the bag given to her by Avery and Stone, but there were unfortunately no nutrition bars or gel packs stashed in there. Couldn’t expect them to have brought her everything, and they probably figured that she had the whole hotel at her disposal. 
There was an old fashioned phone and a booklet by the bed, and her hopes were realized when she saw that it was in fact a list of hotel services, including their room service menu. There was a lot of real food on the menu—actual vegetables and fruits, and even some real meat. Most of what the rest of the dome population ate was lab manufactured. Dome space was too limited to grow uncontaminated plants or raise uncontaminated animals. Most of the lab grown food still tasted pretty good, but there was nothing like real food. Out in the pits they still had fairly decent access to actual foods. Since they were resistant to the environmental toxins, they could stand to chow down on vegetables that were soaked in dioxin. After the climate collapse, things had been hard, but many regions were slowly but surely building up renewed agriculture using the modified plant seeds that were showing up. Just like people, some strains of animals and fish adapted to the contaminants and were learning to live again. It wasn’t anything like the selection they’d had in the old world, but you got used to it. 
She figured that hotel lobby would know what her room was allowed to request and what was forbidden. It turned out that she had been given clearance to order food at her leisure and without limits. As a smuggler, exotic foods weren’t quite the treat that they would be for the average person, but it was still nice to look forward to a really extravagant meal. She ordered steak and chocolate cake. She also remembered to stash all of the contraband items back in her luggage in the off chance that hotel staff or military personnel attempted to enter her room while delivering the meal. You never could be too careful.
While waiting for the food to arrive, she took the chance to find a solution for the last thing she was missing: weapons. Obviously handing over an unauthorized assault weapon would have gotten them in even more trouble than anything else in that suitcase, but Xero still wished they’d at least slipped her a pocket knife or something like that. Be that as it may, she’d learned from many hard experiences that you could make a weapon out of anything in the right circumstances. The posh room was far too clean and modern, leaving her with little in the way of options for weapons. Even the lights were welded into the wall sconces, leaving no lamps or other handy projectiles. She had a few screwdrivers from the toolkit in the bag, but they were mostly small screwdrivers meant for taking apart delicate computer hardware. Rats. 
In the huge bathroom, she found that the towel racks felt flimsy enough to be jerked down and might be used as a potential weapon. Using the little screwdrivers in the toolkit, she loosened the racks enough that they would be easy to pull down, but not necessarily noticeable by hotel personnel. There were some soap containers and other toiletry items that might be usable as weapons. The shower curtain rod was welded too firmly into the wall to be taken down inconspicuously, but the shower curtain itself and the towels might be fashioned into something usable. The enormous whirlpool tub wouldn’t be useful as a weapon, but she was absolutely looking forward to using it to soak in later. Hot water after being in the flats and that cold hospital for the last week was going to be beyond amazing. 
Just as she had finished completing her makeshift weapons inventory, the food arrived and she ushered in the food before anyone had too much of a chance to see her decked out in such casual clothing. She had a feeling that hotel staff would be disturbed by her wilted Mohawk and unsophisticated clothes, and the last thing she wanted was trouble with the service staff. Never piss off service people. It was a guaranteed way to make sure that something unpleasant happened behind the scenes. She’d spent enough time counseling disgruntled workers to know some of the truly heinous things people would do when disrespected at work. 
Taking a long hot bath after eating seemed like a fabulous idea, but the whirlpool tub was so large it would take a long time to fill. Fortunately it was electronic and fancy, so after pushing the automatic start button it would fill itself, stop before overflowing, and stay hot until she was ready to climb in. Soft sounds of water filled the suite and she smiled. Water was always an issue, and a bath like this was another extravagance they rarely saw in the pits. 
She sat down to enjoy the succulent meal—it was fantastic even when compared with some of the things she got her hands on during smuggling runs. Perfectly cooked filet mignon and crisp vegetables with potatoes and a big salad. Unfortunately the steak knife was basically just a glorified butter knife, but she made a point to pocket it once she was done cutting the meat. The salad tasted clean, and it alone was probably worth several thousand dollars. The agricultural greenhouses were become more and more rare as resources continued to dwindle to dangerous levels. Wine would have been perfect with the meal, but she followed her own rule of remaining clean and sober unless there was appropriate supervision. They made some powerful hooch out there in the pits, and she enjoyed a good night of drinking as much as the next person, but it had been a long time since she felt comfortable letting herself have so much freedom. The only person she had ever truly fully trusted in that respect was dead. 
The chocolate cake was also fantastic. Being in Southern Arizona they actually had a fairly decent connection to some of the Mexican and South American chocolate dealers, but in most other parts of the country access to real chocolate was a rare thing indeed. There was artificial chocolate substitutes of course, but nothing could ever really replace actual chocolate. Heaven. Her turbulent belly was equally happy to be full and settled. 
The staff seemed like they had an uncanny ability to judge how long it took a guest to finish a meal—just as she put down her fork after the final crumb of cake was gone, there was a knock at the door. She would have thought they were watching via the security cameras if she hadn’t been fairly confident about ridding the room of surveillance equipment. A look through the peephole revealed another hotel staff member dressed in a creepy white suit. There were no soldiers in the hallway anymore, but that wasn’t all that odd considering they had been switching shifts and leaving gaps in their coverage fairly regularly. She assumed it was because they were short-staffed and there were a lot of people that needed guarding. 
When she unlocked the door to bring the food tray back to the staff member, he suddenly struck her as odd. Everyone else she’d seen working in the hotel had been homogenous enough for it to be disturbing—everyone was tall and white with blonde or very light brown hair, like some inappropriate Aryan holdover from previous centuries. This guy was short and Hispanic. It was total instinct, and she briefly thought about how she would look like a racist fuck if she was wrong, but instead of handing him the platter, she chucked full force at his face.  
The man reacted like a true pro, knocking it away from his face with his arms in the way that only a trained combat soldier or martial artist would be able to pull off. Anyone else would have gotten nailed with the fast moving platter, leaving them with a broken nose or worse. It was the only information she needed to process the next decision, and her brain clicked over to autopilot. 
She withdrew the steak knife from the back pocket of her jeans, very grateful to have had the forethought to stick it back there. Argon made fun of her for stashing weapons in any crevice possible, but time and again her paranoia was proven right. She stabbed towards the man’s neck with enough strength to force the blunt blade through his carotid, but with the powerful thrust she sacrificed speed. Even though he was short, he was incredibly fast, and he moved with the kind of grace that made her think he had gymnastics or more advanced martial arts training. She knew Calavera sometimes hired ex-luchadors, and as hilarious as some people thought pro-wrestling was, she’d tangled with more than one luchador that really proved their salt. He dodged her stab and rolled past her into the threshold of the doorway. 
Whirling around to face him again, she saw that he had withdrawn a large knife from within his uniform. Fortunately within the dome he was very unlikely to have a laser or other firearm—the dome itself did a good job of tracking firearms, and most businesses had detectors set up around the entryways. After the rioting several decades ago had nearly collapsed all of the major domes, the government got dead serious about gun control. Knives were much harder to detect and enforce, but at least if you knew what you were doing you could pull off a decent defense. In a laser fight, dumb luck could get you shot and killed, and there was nothing you could do. 
Her knife was significantly less useful as a weapon than the attacker’s, and even with the decent range she got just from being tall, this guy’s speed let her know not to take him lightly. One stab wound for the week was enough. It was a gamble, but she circled right until her back was to the entrance of the bathroom, and waited. He got impatient and flew at her with all of his weight, both feet leaving the ground as he lunged. Definitely a luchador. His short height was actually a benefit in this situation, and she rolled onto her back, just inches from striking her head against the toilet or edge of the tub. She flung her legs upward at a ninety degree angle, catching him in the stomach with just enough of the right leverage to slow him down long enough to grab his shirt collar. Using the torque from her legs and the pivot point where her hand clutched his shirt, she flipped him over her head. Between the added force from her legs and his own propulsion, he soared overhead and slammed into the tile wall over the tub. Tiles crunched and he screamed. 
She had hoped that the impact itself would knock him unconscious, but he thrashed and burbled when he hit the water. While leverage was still on her side, she leapt to her feet and used all her weight to press down on his throat, not caring if she strangled him or he drowned first. He thrashed in the water like a diver in the jaws of a shark, but Xero’s significant upper body strength and her weight advantage won out. No matter how hard he thrashed, he couldn’t escape her grasp. It felt like several minutes, but in reality it was probably only a few seconds before his thrashing slowed, and then completely stopped. Through the water his empty brown eyes stared at her, and she sneered. Served him right for trying to get the drop on her. 
Blood dripped down the smashed tile wall, and little tendrils of blood were blossoming in the water around his head from the trauma caused by the impact. Goddamn it, now there was no way she was going to be able to take a bath in that water. That upset her more than the attack itself. This would also cause another big investigation, and there was no way she wasn’t going to run into an ass load of administrative headaches. It occurred to her that soldiers should have arrived by now, and it was possible that more than one attack had been staged to occur at the same time. Great. Bath time was definitely not in her immediate future. 
In the struggle she had lost hold of her steak knife, and at some point the attacker had also lost his weapons. As she was looking around for the knives, another hotel staff member came in the door. It only took a second for her to process that it was another of the imposters—he could have been the brother of the one that was dead in the bathtub. His face exploded in rage when he saw the fate of his comrade, oozing blood into the water. Fuck. She wished that she had been able to recover the knives. 
The other man produced an identical combat knife and lunged towards her. She dodged to the right, hitting the wall. The man grinned, thinking he had her cornered,  but after another split second of gratitude for being prepared, she grinned back, snatched the loosened towel rack from the wall beside her head, and lunged at him with all her strength. She caught him off guard, which was good because she needed both hands on the towel rod, leaving her open to attack. He raised the knife to take a swipe, but it was too late. With both hands she shunted the towel rack into the meat of his throat. 
The force backed him up against the other side of the wall, and the rod made a sickening noise as it tore through the meat of his neck. If it had been a sharp weapon it would have gone clear through to the wall, but the dull towel rack came to a rest somewhere in front of his spinal cord. Blood poured down the front of his white uniform. His mouth made gasping motions, but no sound came out. No air, no sound. He dropped the knife and it clattered on the floor mere inches from her foot. His hands clutched reflexively at the rod before his eyes went glassy and his body went limp. She released the rod and let his body slide to the floor where it settled in a bloody heap. Buenas noches, hermanos. 
She heard voices in the hallway, but couldn’t figure out if it was more attackers or military personnel coming to check out the scene. Looking around the floor for the latest guy’s knife, she saw the glint of more metal behind the toilet and found where the first attacker’s knife had landed. Awesome. Heads would really roll now. She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror, wet, covered in blood, Mohawk strands going every which way, dual blades in hand. The peculiar mix of adrenaline and blood lust filled her eyes, and she was ready, eager to go again. Bring it on bitches.  
CHAPTER 9 
When the next person stepped through the door it took all of the restraint she could muster to keep from lunging towards him, both knives slashing. The only thing stopping her was knowing that killing a solider in the dome, regardless of the reason, would amount to a heap of trouble so big even she would have trouble getting out of it. 
He was in fact wearing a soldier’s uniform, but there was only one person, and at this point that didn’t mean jack squat to Xero. The adrenaline was flowing and everyone was suspect. “Identify yourself, motherfucker,” she said, both arms raised to strike. 
It was another young recruit, and she knew from his reaction that he was also a rookie. A seasoned soldier wouldn’t have flinched at her knives or her appearance, but this little twat was visibly startled, and he fumbled to draw his weapon. “Private Johannes, National Guard, drop your weapon,” he said. His voice quavered when he said weapon, but he managed to get his laser out of the holster and sighted in her direction. He just might make it after all. 
His incompetence was actually what saved him. As much as she liked to pick on Calavera, all of her skeletons were absolutely well-trained in combat. None of them would hesitate to kill when the occasion called for it, and sometimes when the occasion didn’t call for it too. If Calavera caught any of them flinching in the face of a conflict, she’d kill them herself first. Before moving out to Nogales to expand her drug smuggling ring she’d been the territory boss of Juarez, and that was a place that even Xero wouldn’t want to manage. If she ever had a job that required extreme violence and inelegant force, she called on favors from the Juarez territory. It hadn’t required a lot of brains, which was why she’d been so successful, but it required a certain level of brutality and ruthlessness. 
Whoever this guy was, he wasn’t one of the rogue skeletons, and he likely wasn’t part of any of the rebellions that were going on. He probably really was one of the fantastically fresh new recruits that the military was serving up on a regular basis. 
Xero nodded, held her hands up in a surrender position, but didn’t drop the knives. Hopefully this dude wasn’t so nervous that he’d have a trigger finger accidentally flinch. Without knowing the rest of the scene outside, dropping her knives actually might be more risky than trying to dodge a laser shot. 
“Private, can you verify that the area of the hallway is secure? Is there backup out there?” she said, and he seemed surprised that a savage like her was able to speak in coherent sentences. 
“Um,” he said as though he was unsure about giving up important details to a potentially psychotic pit dweller wielding dual knives over a pile of dead bodies. She couldn’t imagine what might have him rattled. 
“In case you missed the memo, I’m the one who’s supposed to be under protection here, so you can stop shitting your pants, lower your laser, and let me know if you have the hallway secured or not,” she said, leaving her arms raised until he stopped looking so twitchy. 
He hesitated again. “There’s no one in the hallway. It’s secure,” he said. 
She hissed air loudly through her teeth. “Fuck, you moron. Get back out there and secure the hallway. We’ve got a pile of bodies in here if you hadn’t noticed,” she said. She was all out of patience for baby sitting and political games. Once blood started flowing she didn’t care where she was, she was back to doing things pit style. Get busy killing or get busy dying. The dome fucks had no idea what kind of raw brutality lay outside their little Stepford microhabitats, and it really showed in these snotty little recruits. They needed to be out in the field for awhile, torn down, and built back up again before they were worth anything. 
He started to say something, but then coughed and fell forward. She was expecting to see another server, dressed in those tacky whites behind the solider, but it was a skeleton in full gear plunging a knife deep into the recruit’s low back. Before the skeleton had a chance to retrieve its weapon, she tossed one of her knives at the sweet spot, towards the gap in the armor. The hasty toss had its consequences, and she missed. It hit the skeleton in the upper chest, and though it looked like she’d pierced the armor, she definitely hadn’t landed a killing or even disabling shot. The recruit flopped forward, his arm dashing against the toilet on the way down. The laser case cracked and ricocheted into the whirlpool tub. Damaged lasers and water didn’t mix. The tub lit up with a bright flash of electricity, a loud pop echoed in the tiled room, and the smell of burning meat filled the air. Skeleton soup, anyone?  
Most decent lasers were at least water resistant—wouldn’t do to be caught in a rainstorm and end up frying yourself. But if you damaged the casing, all bets were off. Most newer weapons were extraordinarily difficult to break with typical forces, but apparently the military was outfitting their trial recruits with shitty weapons in addition to shitty training. She’d seen more than one black market laser blow up in someone’s hands, so it wasn’t that surprising. It was another reason she wasn’t all that sad lasers were prohibited in the pits. 
They were both distracted by the frying flesh in the bathtub, but Xero recovered first. Trying to keep the element of surprise on her side, instead of retreating further towards the back of the bathroom, she took the offensive, leaping over the fallen Private that was moaning and bleeding on the floor. This move sacrificed her unarmed left hand that came up to protect her face as she raised it to simultaneously strike and block with. The skeleton’s knife sliced across her forearm and into the meat of her bicep before the force of her fist sent it clattering away. An expected consequence, but she knew it wouldn’t be a lethal hit. When they hit the floor with a thud, Xero landed on top of the skeleton, straddling its waist. With the remaining knife in her left hand she sunk the blade in the damaged armor chest segment and drove it in to the hilt. The skeleton screamed, and as she twisted the blade its cries scaled up in pitch before coming to a gurgling stop. From the tone of the screams, she realized that this one was a girl. It was hard to judge gender and body shapes under the bulky armor. 
She wasn’t sure if the bitch was dead yet, but she was no longer a threat, which was good enough for Xero. Out in the hallway she heard more shouting. It wasn’t nearly over yet. For all she knew, the whole hotel was under siege. Fine by her. She was ready for a battle. 
Taking the pause in the action as an opportunity to make a field dressing, she collected her knives again and used the extra absorbent hotel towels to clean off some of the blood. Once the blades were free from most of the blood, she used them to shred strips from one of the clean towels. Using her left hand and her mouth she managed to make a sloppy but adequate bandage around the gashes in her right arm. Some blood was still dripping through, but she would live, and almost as importantly, she could still use both hands. She collected the fallen skeleton’s knife holster and used it to store the extra knife that she’d knocked out of her hand.  
“Anastasia!” someone called from the hallway, and repeated the call when she didn’t answer the first time. She recognized the voice on the second call. 
“I’m in here,” she called. “Got three rogues and one of your rookies down.” 
“Are you injured?” Stone asked. 
“Lacerated arm, but it’s not critical. Field dressing has been applied. I’m armed with three combat knives collected from assailants. What’s the status out there?” she said. 
“Hotel was hit by enemy combatants—they infiltrated staff and used the penetration to allow fully armored attackers into the building. We have the outside of the building on lockdown so no further enemy soldiers can enter. We’re in the process of sweeping the building for any remaining infiltrates. Care to give us a hand?” he said. 
She finished cleaning herself up and cautiously approached the hallway. Stone and Avery were covering both entrances, lasers drawn and ready. 
“You bet your ass. You got a spare laser you can toss me?” she asked. 
Without taking his eyes off the doorway, Avery smiled. “If anyone asks, you stole it off one of the raiders,”  he said and tossed an extra laser in her direction. 
Remembering how easily the last one shattered, she made sure to catch it carefully. It looked like a much nicer model than the defective one that was probably still busy zapping the dead skeleton in the bathtub, but it was definitely a few rungs down in quality from the other laser she’d gotten her hands on from Sanchez back out in the desert. 
“You know how to use one of those things? Stone asked. He turned briefly, just long enough to wink at her. 
“I’m pretty sure I can figure it out,” she said. “I’ve been around the block a time or two.” 
 “We’ll start from this floor and clear our way down to the ground level. You able to go the distance with that arm? We could use another pro on our side, but we don’t need no one dropping on us in the middle of a firefight,” he said, all seriousness. 
“You can count on me. It’ll take more than this scratch to drop me,” she said. 
Stone set his jaw and nodded. “Good. Let’s get this party started.” 

CHAPTER 10
“You motherfuckers!” Xero yelled. “You pig sucking sons of fucking bitches!” 
To say she was pissed would have been an understatement. She wanted to scream and yell at them about how she was the head of a major territory, that she was one of the biggest crime bosses in he country, and if she felt like it, she could have had an army of goons busting into their dome that would be so nasty, it would make the skeleton attacks look like stupid child’s play. However, that wouldn’t have really served her case. 
The cell smelled like rotten piss and lingering shit stains. It was the city’s most maximum security prison, but it was so seldom used or cleaned that it smelled as bad as some of the detention facilities in the pits. She supposed that she should have been flattered that they had taken her to such a place instead of underestimating how dangerous she was—she had to give them credit for recognizing that. Although seeing as how she’d probably killed in upwards of twenty people in the last few days, all of them on the record, it wasn’t exactly a guess on anyone’s part. 
An overweight female security guard came and banged on the bars. “Hey! Keep it down, or you’re getting sent to the pit,” she said. She had short red hair that peeked out under the bottom of her uniform hat. You could tell this wasn’t an oft inspected facility just from looking at her sloppy uniform and grooming standards. This never would have passed muster at one of the uptown prisons. 
“Bitch, did you even read my file, I AM the pit,” she said and charged the bars, wedging her thin face far enough through the narrow space that it ended up a few inches from the security guard’s nose. 
The woman stepped back suddenly and almost lost her balance. She blushed and tried to recover, but Xero just laughed at her, keeping her flustered. So much incompetence. It felt damned good to let all her pent up frustration fly, but it was also solving a purpose. Putting the guard on edge, scaring the shit out of security would give Xero an advantage if it got to the point where she needed to break out of the prison and get the hell out of dodge. She couldn’t believe it. After clearly being marked as a hit for whoever was running the rogue skeletons, they decided to toss her in the slammer for the night. For her own protection and for holding until the investigation over the incidents at The Niagara were thoroughly inspected. It’s not like she’d had a lot of respect for anyone running the dome anyway, but now she was just infuriated. 
Avery and Stone were also being held for questioning, but at a military justice facility in another part of town. It was partially her fault—she didn’t think they’d found any connection between the tech equipment left in her room and her two new buddies, but just by virtue that they’d been caught running around firing lasers with an unauthorized pit dweller was enough to throw them under the bus. Xero was allowed to carry firearms, but only outside the dome while on official cargo runs. Of course no one could stop long enough to pull their head out of their ass to realize that it was an unconventional situation, but policy was policy. Always policy with these fucks. 
Not knowing what was happening to Avery and Stone was probably for the best—it would only make her more pissed off. None of this would have happened in the first place if they’d actually taken the time to train their fucking personnel. It filled her with rage to know that as a single person she could probably run their system with her little group of Grease Weasels better than the entire squadron of idiots they had fucking around there. Sure she made mistakes, but by and large she kept her shit under control. Meanwhile, the few good eggs like Avery and Stone got shat on for violating stupid rules that made no sense. It was enough to make her want to burn all the domes to the ground and be done with them once and for all. 
The guard had finally righted herself, and she came forward to bend down in front of the cell to pick up a set of keys that she’d dropped when Xero startled her. Dropping to her knees, Xero made a ludicrous face and said, “Boo!” at top volume. 
The security guard fell on her ass and rocked back and forth like humpty dumpty. Xero cackled, and she just let loose the strain of the whole evening, allowing the cackle to turn into giggles, and then uncontrollable laughter. It was a little over the top even for her theatrics, but she couldn’t help it. When she’d finally gotten control of her laughter again, she wiped tears out of her eyes, stifled a few residual chuckles, and came back to a standing pose.  The guard had finally managed to get up again too, and she stood a safe distance from the bar, red-faced and clenched fisted. 
The guard bit her lip, her face wrinkled and pinched with restrained emotions. She brushed debris and dirt off her already soiled uniform and walked another foot closer to the cell, but still not close enough for Xero to snag her through the bars. 
“You’re going to regret this,” the guard said through a tight mouth. 
Xero crossed her arms. “Lady, there’s nothing you can do that I’ve not already done to myself,” she said. 
The guard smiled wryly. “We’ll see about that,” she said and walked back to the guard station that was almost as piss-scented and filthy as the cells themselves. 

CHAPTER 11
	She sat on a soft couch upholstered in rich grey suede. It felt nice to run her hands over its cool surface, but she realized that she was leaking blood from poorly tended wounds, and it was leaving unsightly stains on the lush leather. What a shame. 
	“Sorry about your couch,” Xero said, holding up a hand to examine the blood seeping through her bandages. “I can pay for it, if you like.” 
	The man behind the heavy mahogany desk leaned on his elbows, folding his hands and resting his chin on them. “That’s an interesting offer, don’t you think?” he said. 
	She ran a barefoot toe over the short industrial carpet that matched the couch in color but not in price point. “You haven’t been in this office long, have you? Haven’t had a chance to replace the carpet?” 
	The man smiled and pushed square rimless glasses farther up his nose with one hand and went back to resting his head against his closed fists. “You’re right—I just moved into this office a few weeks ago. Do you like it?” he said. 
	She looked around and nodded. “Yeah, I do,” she said honestly. It was all dark wood, soft grey tones, suede, and shelves of books. A large window looked out over the city below. 
	“It reminds you of your own office, doesn’t it, Xero?” he said. 
	She narrowed her eyes and cocked her head, evaluating the situation, trying to decide how to play this. Her pits name wasn’t a secret, but no one would know it if they hadn’t been digging. 
	“We don’t really have offices in the pits,” she said. 
	“I think we both know that’s not what I mean,” he said. He leaned backwards in his suede office chair and folded his hands behind his head, waiting. 
	Xero could play the waiting game too. It had been a long night, and she wasn’t fired up to engage in another round of political dancing. There’d been just about enough waltzing for one weekend. 
	After a few minutes of silence, with nothing but the clock ticking and Xero’s blood dripping slowly onto the suede, he leaned forward again. He stroked his meticulously groomed goatee, opened his mouth to speak, but paused again, reaching under his desk instead. 
	“Would you like me to help you clean up your wounds a bit better? I saw in your chart that they didn’t send you back to medical after the incident at The Niagara or after being assaulted in the jail last night,” he said and smiled wryly. “Not that I needed a chart to see that.” 
	She crossed her arms, smearing blood across the same black shirt she had been wearing from the day before. Good thing she’d chosen a black shirt. If it had been white, it would have been smeared with blood stains. “Yeah, funny how you can be queen for a day and then you’re back to dog shit the next,” she said. 
	“You’ve experienced that a lot, and it makes you angry,” he said. 
	Xero threw her head back and laughed. “Don’t try the psychobabble on me buddy,” she said and narrowed her eyes. “I think we both know two can play at that game.” 
	She was developing black eyes that were beginning to settle in for the long haul. Too bad, she’d just gotten rid of the last one after the rapid healing sequence. Nothing pissed her off more than getting tagged in the face, but considering the snake pit she’d been tossed in, she got off pretty easy. Ten guys in a maximum unit, all pretty satisfied with the idea of gang raping her. She may have gotten a couple more knife slices and a few shiners, but some of them were leaving without their balls. 
	He smiled back at her. “Good to know we’re on the same page, Dr. Pietrovich,” he said and motioned to the medical kit that he’d spread out across his desk. “Between the two of us we should be able to keep you from ruining anymore couches, don’t you think?”
	She cocked her head. “Yeah, I think we can probably manage,” she said. 
	He leaned over the network of supplies and made eye contact with her. “That is, unless you’d prefer that I sent you back to a proper medical facility,” he said. 
	“No thank you,” she said. “At least not in this city. You know, I have this nagging feeling that I shouldn’t have even been released to this office.” 
	“You’re right. You stirred up some real trouble back in the jail. It took a bit of convincing to have you released for a psych eval so soon. I have a good track record of working with violent offenders, though. It wasn’t hard to convince someone to release you into my care. Is there a reason you felt compelled to make your situation even harder?” he said. 
	“You mean why did I mess with the guards and put myself in a situation where I had to assault several other prisoners?” she said. 
	“Yes, that. Before you would have only needed to pass a security investigation about the incidents at The Niagara. Now you need a psych clearance from someone like me,” he said. 
	“I think it was worth it. In the end, they won’t be able to do anything about it, unless you decide to screw me over. The military violated policy by sending me to jail without making sure my wounds were tended to first, the guard violated policy by tossing a female into a cell full of violent sex offenders, and policy was violated again when I was denied medical attention a second time after fighting them off,” she said. “I may have injured and killed a lot of people in the last few days, but it was all in self defense, and I saved the lives of dozens of political figures and military personnel. They owe me.” 
	He nodded. “I see. You like it when you’re able to get someone to break their own rules,” he said. 
	“Rules were meant to be broken. It’s funny when someone that thinks their rules are so sacred, but then breaks them so easily. I’m sure you know a little something about that,” she said. 
	The fingers of his left hand tapped lightly on the desk. “I just might,” he said simply. 
	“What did you say your name was again?” she asked. 
	“I didn’t actually—you interrupted me when I tried to introduce myself,” he said. 
	She was having a little bit of trouble letting go of the “Xero” attitude. There was just a different way of getting things done in the pit, and it didn’t exactly work the same way in the domes. Of course, doing things that way was more fun, but it also had more than it’s fair share of repercussions. Part of it was frustration, part of it was just not giving a fuck, and part of it was just survival instinct. Xero could survive in places that Anastasia just couldn’t. She’d collected enough bruises and stab wounds for one week though, and she had people on the line. Trina was slowly dying and Argon was missing in action. There’d been enough dicking around. Time to take shit seriously, swallow some hard pills, stop fucking up, and get back on the road. 
	“Well, I’m sorry about that. I’ve had a bit of a rough week,” she said. 
	He licked his lips, and for a brief moment a look crossed his face. It was gone as quickly as it came, but it was enough to make Xero lean forward. Then she knew what it was that was bothering her. It was a dance. It was like they were two experienced hunters stalking each other, two lions tracking each other through the bush. 
	“I think that you will be most interesting to work with,” he said with just a hint of that edge she’d seen a glimpse of, but then he sat straight up again and it was gone, back to his soft and caring psychiatrist routine. “My name is Dr. Shepherd. Ezekiel Shepherd,” he said, pushing a name placard that had been moved sideways on his desk so that it was facing her again. 
	“Zeke, eh? That must have been a tough name to grow up with,” she said. 
	“You have no idea,” he said softly. “I usually just stick with Dr. Shepherd. However, you can call me something else though, if you’d like, Dr. Pietrovich.” 
	It was weird hearing someone call her that. She was old enough that she hadn’t been able to erase her real name from the hard copy records at the base of the dome census data. That meant it was also hard to truly hide her past life from anyone that really wanted to find it, but she’d at least covered her tracks enough that the typical government agent wouldn’t come across it in any databases. You’d have to really want to get some hardcore dirt to dig up the real information about her life in the domes. This guy had done some serious homework, and she doubted that it was something that had happened overnight. He’d been waiting for her. 
	“And what would that be?” she said. 
	“You can call me Xed. With an X,” he said and she failed to stifle a laugh. 
	She looked around, thinking back to the layout of the office, wondering how easy someone could hear inside. “You’ve got to be joking me,” she said, still leaking giggles despite her attempt to keep things serious. 
	“Don’t worry. This place is sound proof, and there are no bugs in here. I don’t expect you to accept that, but once we clean you up a bit, you can check yourself if you like,” he said. 
	“I may very well take you up on that. And you may as well just call me Xero if you want me to call you Xed,” she said. She couldn’t believe the ludicrousness of the situation. The guy sitting in front of her with neat rimless spectacles and a pressed blue checked dress shirt was claiming to be Xed. The Xed. 
	“Very well. I can tell you doubt me, but I assure you, if nothing else I have basic medical training, and I’m not going to do anything to you in the middle of a government office building. I really just want to have a nice chat with you,” he said, flashing her a politician’s smile that she knew was meant to be ironic. 
	If he had wanted to kill her, he wouldn’t have gone through all the trouble to bring her to his office either. There had a been a hundred other times he could have tried to get a hit in on her if that’s what he’d wanted. Besides, her ego said that despite his reputation, she was definitely faster and more of a seasoned combat veteran than him—if he tried anything, he’d be the one who’d end up laid out on the cheap industrial carpet. She looked in his eyes, showing him that hard edge in her own that said she wouldn’t think twice about slitting his throat if she had to. The look he returned said that he understood that fact, and they had a moment of unstated agreement. 
	“Sure,” she said. “I’d hate to ruin anymore expensive furniture items.” 
	She approached the desk and he pulled up a chair. They spent the next half hour collaboratively cleaning and stitching up her wounds. His medical kit had some of the long-lasting waterproof bandages that were hard to get ahold of in the pits, which was great because you could shower with them and not ruin fresh stitches. She didn’t know what the hell he wanted from her, but she’d have basically sold her soul for a fucking hot shower at that point. In her mind, the greatest tragedy of the last two days was not getting to use that whirlpool hot tub at The Niagara. 
	He grabbed her right arm and inspected the row of meticulous sutures that he’d sewn along the jagged slice from the skeleton stabbing. The strength in his grip was surprising, and she noticed that he was more muscular underneath his crisp but oversized dress shirt than she’d originally thought. 
	“Well that’s much better, isn’t it?” he said when they were finished. He started cleaning up medical supplies and the mess they’d made on the desk. They’d both been fairly meticulous, but some blood had still splattered on the dark wood. 
	“Sorry about the mess,” she said. “You got a rag or something?”
	“I got it,” he said and extracted some sterile wipes, dragging one across the desk and leaving it sparkling with a sheen of disinfectant. “Good as new.” 
	“You wouldn’t happen to have any antibiotics, would you?” she asked. 
	He leaned back in his grey suede office chair. “What kind?” he said. 
	“Anything really. These wounds were open in a cesspool all night and I don’t really have time to deal with flesh rot. Old school penicillin would even do,” she said. 
	He leaned under his desk and came up with a vial and a large syringe with a large-bore needle. “I think we can arrange that,” he said. He started shaking the vial and partially removed the syringe from its packaging, but she stopped him. 
	“Let me do that,” she said. He handed over the vial and the partly unwrapped syringe. The vial was cold, labeled with the appropriate title, and factory sealed. If it wasn’t actually an antibiotic, he’d done a good job of hiding it. 
	“You’ve got a fridge down there? Didn’t you just move to this office?” she said. 
	“It never hurts to be prepared. These are strange times,” he said. 
	Xero snickered. “They are indeed,” she said. She was starting to like this guy. 
	She drew up a syringe full of the thick white liquid. “This isn’t going to be pleasant. I need a big muscle to shoot this into. Hope you don’t mind me getting naked in your office. Wouldn’t want anyone thinking you were being inappropriate on the job,” she said. 
	He stood up and came around to her side of the desk. “It should really go in the gluteus. Let me help,” he said. 
	Sure? Why not? She’d already established that if he was going to attack her, it wasn’t going to be here, or any time in the immediate future. There was something he wanted from her, and he seemed like the type that would be patient enough to wait for it. 
	She nodded and peeled down the right side of her jeans, exposing the upper side of her ass. He sterilized a patch of skin and gave her the injection with practiced confidence. She winced with one eye, but it really hadn’t been that uncomfortable given the size of the injection. 
	“You have a gentle touch,” she said, rubbing the injection site for a moment before pulling up her pants. It wasn’t the most intimate connection she’d ever had with a complete stranger, but it had certainly been a moment of unexpected intimacy. 
	“Thanks, I pride myself on having a certain finesse in my job. Can I interest you in any pain medication injections while I’m at it?” he said. 
	She shook her head. “No, I stay away from anything like that unless I absolutely have to,” she said. 
	“Interesting,” he said slowly and disposed of the medical waste. 
	She sat back down in the chair and he resumed his position behind the desk. “So. I have a few questions to ask you,” he said. “Would that be alright?” 
	“Well you just fondled my ass, so you may as well get to know me a little better,” she said and winked. The both laughed at her absurdity, and she felt herself getting comfortable around him.
	“You have a point. I’m not usually so forward with people I don’t know, but then again I don’t usually provide emergency medical care in my office either,” he said. 
	“Right, because most psychiatrists keep refrigerated antibiotics in a secret cubby of their desk,” she said. 
	He bit the corner of his lip. “Like I said. You never know when you disaster might strike,” he said. 
	“I’ll show you mine if you show me yours?” she said. 
	“Don’t you want to check this place for bugs first?” he said. 
	“I’ve got a scrambler in my pocket, and it would have picked up any obvious equipment. Plus, if you’re airing your dirty laundry on tape, we’d want that info to stay out of the same people’s hands. If we’re really running in the same circles, there’s not a lot of my information that would be useful to anyone. They already know,” she said. 
	He flexed his knuckles, clearly satisfied with her response. “I can see that you’re no fool. You’ve been around the block a few times,” he said. 
	“But you already knew that,” she said. “You clearly did your homework. So, the question is—what do you want from me?”
	“So, I’m assuming you know who I am?” he said. 
	“I know who you say you are,” she said, but just from the short time she’d interacted with him, she knew he was telling the truth. She felt a kind of kinship with him, like they were operating on the same plane. It didn’t exactly make her trust him more, but it made her understand him on an intuitive level. 
	“I’m pretty sure we’re clear about each other’s identities, wouldn’t you say?” he said and she nodded begrudgingly. 
	“Yeah, I’m willing to go with that hypothesis for the time being,” she said. 
	“For the moment, I just want to offer you something—information, and maybe some help. If you like what I have to offer, perhaps we can talk a little bit more about a few business ideas that I have,” he said. 
	From the way he was looking at her, he was interested in business and pleasure, and that was just fine with Xero. She never had a problem with mashing together two good things. “Business ideas, eh? Have you ever even been out to the pits?” she said. He looked like a genuine lifelong dome dweller, but you never could be totally certain. 
	“I’m actually from the flats, but I have a limited resistance to the outside. Not enough to live in the pits, no, but I can travel there for short periods of time,” he said, and Xero was convinced that there was in fact no surveillance going on. That wasn’t something anyone would want to reveal, even jokingly. In these days, if anyone figured out that you’d developed atmospheric resistance potential, your days in the dome were numbered, you may as well toss your Zone Pass in the fire. 
	“How were you able to get away with working inside the domes if you’re from the flats?” she asked with genuine surprise. 
	“I am very, very good with computers. I can pretty much do anything I need to with the government systems, including obscuring my own birth status,” he said. “Unfortunately, there’s not much I can do for you on that front, without giving you a totally new identity. I’m just a few years younger than you, which let me escape the paper trail that’s still very difficult to erase, and you’re too well known of a government contractor for me to just make all of that disappear without extreme suspicion.” 
	“Yes, I know, I don’t really need anything like that anyway. But still, I’m impressed. Erasing your birth status is no easy feat,” she said. In fact, there was only one other person that she’d ever known who had been successful in pulling something like that off. 
	“I think you’ll find that I’m very capable in a variety of areas if you decide to accept my business proposition. However, as I said, I would like to focus on your needs first,” he said, leaning further over the desk again. “So, my question to you is, what can I do for you?”
	“Well, for starters I could use a fucking hot shower. I don’t mind tangling with riffraff, but I’ll be damned if I like smelling like one,” she said. 
	“That should be easy enough to arrange. Beyond that, what else can I help you with,” he said. 
	“Since you asked, there’s a couple things I need. One, I need information, if you have any,” she said. 
	“About the ongoing attacks,” he said as a statement. “That is actually part of what I want to discuss with you. I don’t know a lot, but I have been able to gather some information. My weakness is that my reach doesn’t extend very far into the pits, so I’m limited to what I can see in the domes and the flats. Turns out pit dwellers don’t really like working with people outside their own persuasion.” 
	“Yeah, we’re real particular like that. Breathing the outside air for too long will make you real surly,” she said. 
	“So. What I do know is that these skeletons are involved, but they’re not working with the gang they’re associated with—Las Calacas. I believe you know their leader, Calavera?” he said. 
	She let out a long stream of air. “Don’t get me started on that. Yes, I know her. She trains really good enforcers, but she’s an idiot. She started a turf war with me when she moved into the Nogales territory after she abandoned Juarez. We had tenuous business relations when she was the leader of Juarez, but she decided my piece of the pie was just too tempting to leave alone. She never really made a dent in any of our forces, but it was taking too much energy to deal with, and it was difficult to really get at the heart of her organization down in the Mexican pits, so I decided to work out a truce with her just for the sake of convenience. That goes down, and then all of the sudden there’s skeleton attacks going on all over the place, and according to my guys, Calavera doesn’t know what in the fuck is going on,” she said, her hands balling into fists. Incompetence made her so mad. 
	“That fits with the information I have. As far as I know, Calavera has lost control of a big slice of her organization. They’re working with someone else launching these terrorist attacks, but I don’t know who those might be. Any of the known entities in these parts are denying any knowledge. I have a pretty good bead on what’s going on in the flats and domes, at least in the western half of the country, and I haven’t figured out who might behind everything. I’ve had some limited interactions with Calavera, and I have to say that I formed the same impression—good at battle training, but totally worthless in strategy. This is the most successful any terrorist cells have been waging an attack on the domes in the last ten years, and I don’t think she’d be capable of something like this,” he said. 
	“My assessment exactly. Her skeletons are a pain in the ass to deal with, but Calavera’s far from being a master tactician,” she said. True to her initial appraisal, this guy was no fool himself, and that was something she really valued in a potential business partner. Depending on what he was asking, she might very well accept his offer. 
“So, at some point, we need to get a handle on what the fuck is going on in that respect. You’ve already experienced some significant upsets from their intervention, and I don’t want them to affect my organization either,” he said. 
“You want me to help you take down whoever is in charge of this splinter cell?” she said. 
“That may be part of the equation, but I’ll get to that later. Tell me what else you want,” he said. 
It was an interesting negotiation strategy—figuring out what she wanted so he would have more leverage to work with during the bargaining phase. However, in this case she would let it stand, because there were some things that she really wanted, and there was a possibility that she would get the things she needed from him without giving anything up in return. 
She cleared her throat. “I’m not especially proud of this, but one of my colleagues has gone missing. I don’t think he’s dead, because none of my associates have turned up any bodies, and they’re quite thorough, but he’s definitely MIA, possibly kidnapped. I want him back,” she said and gave him a description of Argon. 
He cocked his head from side to side and clucked his tongue. “I can’t think of anything that rings a bell. Of course I can’t promise anything on that front, but I can put my feelers out into the domes in the off chance that your people missed something,” he said, pausing. “No offense--not that your guys are sloppy or anything, but I’m assuming I have better access to things afoot in the dome underground world.” 
“None taken. I’ll admit that being based in the pits, we have some blind spots where the domes are concerned. So yeah, that’s one of the most important things that I want right now. The last thing I really need, I actually already sort of asked you for. I need antibiotics,” she said. 
“I’ll ask you the same question I asked you earlier—what kind of antibiotics are we talking about here,” he said. 
“I need Ketocillin, specifically. It has to be Ketocillin,” she said. 
He sighed and wiped a hand down his face. “Ketocillin, even I don’t have access to any of that. At least not readily on hand. It would take some doing,” he said. 
“Barring having any on hand, I need the next best thing. I need you to pass my psych exam and help me get through some of the political snafus so that I can go on my regularly scheduled run to Yuma. I can get to it on the backchannel, but it’ll be a hell of a lot easier if I’m out on an authorized run to get ahold of that,” she said. 
“You have a sick crew member?” he asked. 
Exposing vulnerabilities was not something that she liked doing with anyone, even potential future teammates, but in this case, there wasn’t a lot to lose and a hell of a lot to gain. “Yeah. Lung zaps. Real bad. Drug resistant—our resident medic says Ketocillin’s the only real hope to resolve it at this point, and that shit is hard as fuck to get your hands on nowadays. We can’t transport her anywhere else because of all the official and unofficial quarantine mandates. Yuma’s got a supply because of its position on the border of two states—California and Arizona both wanted easy access to that shit. I’ve got good connections to Yuma, so it’s an ideal spot for me to score some,” she said. 
“That’s a tough situation. Well, I can certainly help with almost all of that part of the equation. I can pass your psych eval and grease a few palms to get the supply mission cleared again. That part shouldn’t be too difficult considering they are already probably desperate to get that back on the road again. The rebel attacks have really messed up some of the shipments, so that shouldn’t take too much to convince someone to get that back on the docket, despite what happened yesterday. I should also be able to help smooth over some of the smuggling process in Yuma. I’m not on close terms with the Yuma officials, but I have my ways,” he said. 
She never would have guessed that one of the largest dome-based drug distributors in the country was actually a practicing Phoenix psychiatrist. He was literally almost a male copy of herself. Trippy. Fucker even just about stole her moniker. Guess the profession really did attract all sorts. Knowing how people’s minds worked really was a valuable skill, so it wasn’t so surprising that they would be drawn to using it for less than virtuous purposes, especially in that day and age. Playing by the rules usually meant you were the first to die. 
“Sounds too good to be true, to be honest,” she said. “So, now you know what I want—all my cards are on the table. I know who you are, you know who I am. Now’s the part where you make your unreasonable demands, and we dance around making threats and counter offers.” 
She was in something of a vulnerable position, given that he had managed to keep his dome job despite being someone that had been relegated to the flats at birth. She was under his care for passing an essential psych eval to be cleared for business. She could cook up a fake passing eval, but it would take weeks or even months for all of that bullshit to get pushed through the cumbersome system. Same deal for smuggling some Ketocillin directly from the black market. It was possible, but it would take way too damned long. He had leverage and he knew it. 
He clucked his tongue. “I’m sad that you think so little of me. I have no intent to manipulate you in that way. In my opinion, a truly successful relationship is built on trust, just like they taught us in school, right? And a good businessman always lets their customer taste the milk before buying the cow, right? That would be bad faith on my part to take advantage of you. I will help you do these things that you’ve asked for. If you’re satisfied with my services, then perhaps we can work on some longer term business strategies,” he said. 
She chuckled and pointed a bruised index finger at him. “You’re good, I’ll give you that, you’re good,” she said. And he really was. This was probably the only way that she would even consider taking him up on any offers—threats and coercion would have just made her literally punch him in the face and walk the other way. 
“You know as well as I do that forcing someone to do something involuntarily is no way to form stable alliances. You catch more flies with honey than with vinegar,” he said. 
“So you’re the guy that basically stole my name, huh? At least you seem to have some good sense about you—you’re not running around fucking up my reputation or anything, are you? Why’d you decide to model yourself after me anyway?” she said. 
“With all due respect, I’ve actually been in business about as long as you have, albeit on a much smaller scale due to the limitations of working within the domes themselves. It’s taken me much longer to grow my empire, but it’s come a long way. As far as I know we actually formed our monikers separately. I started calling myself Xed a long time before I ever knew about you and your smuggling ring or your territory down in Tucson. It was a childhood nickname from the flats, actually. Perhaps it’s fate that we seem to be so similar, and you’ve come into my sphere of being in this time of need,” he said. 
She pursed her lips and drummed her battered fingers against the desk. It hurt, but she didn’t give a fuck. Sometimes a little pain brought clarity, brought you back down to earth. 
“It’s odd that we’ve never run into each other before. You’re good. I’ve had people look for you, I think even tried to contact you a time or two, but the message I always got was that I don’t fuck with you, and you don’t fuck with me, and everyone stays happy. Why do you want to work with me now?” she said. 
“To be totally honest, I was intimidated by you. You’re quite famous around here. Everyone knows not to fuck with the Grease Weasels, and like I said, due to the nature of my own business in the dome, it took me much longer to grow into a successful operation of my own. I didn’t want to risk being crushed or overtaken by your pits enterprise if I revealed too much,” he said. 
She squinted her eyes and continued tapping her fingers. “And now you’re big and bad enough that you’re not threatened by us?” she said. 
He took off his glasses, laid them on the desk and grinned, “Not in the slightest. That’s not to say I want to go picking a fight. I think our organizations are probably equal in destructive force right now. I don’t know who would win in the fight, but no one would come out a winner in that battle, and I’m not eager to destroy everything I’ve worked so hard to build,” he said, and she believed him again. Everyone knew that purposely fucking with the Grease Weasels was a fool’s errand. 
She sat quiet, thinking, and then broke out in another ironic laugh. “The Alphamine. That’s what you want,” she said.  
He smiled wrly and rubbed his hand against his shaved head. “Among other things, yes, that is a piece of valuable capital that I don’t have direct access to. It is a product I would like to help get you a larger distribution for,” he said. 
“I must have gotten hit in the head too many times last night, I don’t know why I didn’t think of it before,” she said. 
He put his glasses back on. “Does that change your mind?” he said. 
She shook her head. “No. Now this all makes more sense. That’s what I’d want in your position too. I can’t promise you anything about the Alphamine or anything else without getting more details or discussing it with my team. I’m not a one man band stand, despite what some people may think about me. But, I will gladly suck on your milk before buying the cow. So. What do we do now?” Xero said, laying both her hands on the table and leaning in towards Xed. 
He nodded happily. “Good. Now, I say I put the paperwork in motion to get you out of this pickle, and we retire to my place where I can help you with your first demand: a hot shower,” he said. 
“I will not argue with this plan,” she said. Hey, spending the night at a possible rival’s house was totally worth finally getting into some literal hot water. 
He held out a hand for her to shake. “What a nice name for a partnership,” he said. “Xed and Xero—X marks the spot.” 
CHAPTER 12
	“Nice place you’ve got here,” Xero said. 
	They had traveled in some ridiculously fancy car that was two shakes shy of being a limo through the main stretch of downtown and up to the northern section of the dome. Before Phoenix had obtained a dome, the area had been filled with expensive ranch houses and golf courses for wealthy Republicans. It was still much the same, which was impressive given the limited occupancy and space of the domed areas. It took some serious cash to keep that much land. 
	Xed smiled and motioned her inside the high-ceilinged parlor. Everything was white marble and sparkly chandelier crystal. “Thank you,” he said. “And in case you’re wondering, despite what it looks like, there are a lot of security features in this place. Even if the skeletons were specifically tracking you, we should have enough armaments in place to fend them off. There’s a full doomsday switch for this building.” 
	Meaning there was a near-flawless security measure that would keep everything out. It could also keep everything inside, and the fact that he specifically mentioned the doomsday switch wasn’t lost on Xero. 
	She sat on the arm of an all white couch. “Don’t worry, I’m not going to try and run away. It wouldn’t help my cause in any way. If it turned out you were actually just planning on raping and killing me in the comfort of your own home, that’s not a problem either. I’d just kill you first,” she said and grinned, but they both knew she was serious. 
	He stood facing her in the entryway, his hands on his hips. “I meant more for capturing and interrogating someone if we were to be attacked,” he said. “Besides, I’m pretty handy with a firearm, but I'm not all that much good in terms of hand to hand combat. I’m more of the man behind the desk, the guy behind the computer, if you would. Trying to physically overpower you isn’t something I’ve got on a list of smart things to try.” 
	“Duly noted,” she said. He was probably telling the truth, but she wouldn’t even think of trusting that statement until she’d tested it for herself. The most surprising of people ended up being decent in a fight, and it was never a good idea to underestimate someone before you had a chance to size them up in the heat of action. 
	She looked around at the grandiose furnishings. “Isn’t all this wealth a little bit suspicious?” she asked. The piece of land they were on had been an exclusive golf club at one point in time. Real, live unmutated saguaro cactus dotted the landscape, and an oversized moon had been rising over sculpted red rock formations when they’d pulled up to the estate. It had to have been worth millions. 
	He shook his head and shrugged. “Not really. I make a lot of money in my legitimate practice, especially since I have active government contracts now. To be honest most of this was bought with clean money. Now, if I used my dirty money to buy something, well, now that would be conspicuous. I could almost purchase this entire dome,” he said. 
	She nodded her head slowly. “Not bad. I’ll have to spank myself later for not knowing your organization had gotten so prolific. I must have some people asleep at the switchboard or something,” she said. She would have liked to blame her ignorance on their recent dysfunction, but if his organization was as big as he said it was, he’d been flying under the radar for a long time. Or he was bluffing. 
	He saw the skepticism in her eyes. “Not that it really matters, but if you’re concerned that I don't have a sufficiently big organization, I can show you my bank statements,” he said. It was a joke, but she got the sense he would show her evidence if she asked. 
	She shook her head and ran a hand through her hair. “Nah, I’ll take your word for it. It’s not really that important anyway. If you hold up your end of whatever bargain we end up making, that’s all that really matters. Anything else is just grand-standing and chest-beating,” she said. 
	“We can talk more about that over dinner, perhaps?” he said. 
	Her stomach bunched just thinking of food. The last thing she’d eaten had been nearly twenty four hours before, at The Niagara. Granted, it had been a hell of a meal, but even the best of food wouldn’t keep her sated for that long, and she was injured. She needed fuel to heal. 
	“I don’t give a fuck what you want to talk about as long as it’s over food,” she said. 
	He folded his arms and leaned against a sculpted column that framed the entryway. “Whatever the lady desires,” he said. 
“You always this fucking formal?” she said. She had this sense that there was still a big barrier surrounding Xed. Like there was a molten, raw center covered by a thin candy shell, and if she tapped him just a little bit more it would spill out. 
He blinked slowly and didn’t change his position, but his face went blank. “No, no I am not. However, as I’m almost always in a dome area, and there are cameras everywhere, I’ve practiced keeping my official self ‘turned on’ whenever possible,” he said. 
“Even in your own goddamn house?” she said. “Seems like a pain in the ass.” If she had been back at her home in the pits, she would be letting it all hang out. Not that being away from her home stopped her from doing that most of the time anyway, but she put a little effort in now and then when it was really required. 
“When I’m in my own house and a stranger is with me, yes,” he said. 
Xero smirked. “Well, Xed, maybe you just need to get to know me better, so I’m not such a stranger anymore,” she said. 
He smiled. “Would you like to take a shower or a bath and get cleaned up?” he said, looking surprised that she continued to be so careful of his inanimate possessions. Certain things were really hard to come by in the pits, and you didn’t fuck shit up just for the fun of it. 
She looked down at the small patch of couch arm she was sitting on carefully so as not to accidentally stain anything with blood. They had cleaned up her wounds, but her clothes were still filthy with bodily fluids and probably worse things. 
“You have no idea how much I would pay you for that,” she said. 
“The first one’s always free,” he said. 
They both smiled. 

She proceeded to take one of the most amazing showers of her life. Well, that was probably an exaggeration, considering the type of work and situations she often got herself into, but it was still definitely a top 100 ranked shower. Xed’s house was making The Niagara look shabby. The master bathroom was huge and outfitted with a separate whirlpool tub not so unlike the one at the hotel. She loved second chances. After spending damned near an hour languishing in the seemingly endless hot water of the shower, she managed to feel like she’d gotten most of the prison grime out from all the nooks and crannies, and the smell was banished from her lock of hair. That was one of the good things about the mohawk—not as much hair to absorb some of the unpleasant smells she was around far too often. 
Once sufficiently de-skunked enough not to pollute the bath, slipping into the hot water of the whirlpool was the best thing she’d felt since fucking Argon back in the flats. That gave her an idea. 
“Hey Xed!” she yelled, hoping that it was loud enough to hear over the roar of the whirlpool. She figured there was probably a security camera set up in the bathroom anyway, and just assumed he was watching. She didn’t give a fuck. 
It didn’t take long before he knocked at the door. 
“Get in here!” she yelled. 
“As you wish,” he said, but only poked his head through the door. The steam fogged up his glasses so he removed them. 
“You don’t have to worry about being polite, just come over here,” she said. 
Something changed in his face, and he walked with purpose to the side of the tub. 
“Yes?” he said. He was still wearing his clean slacks and blue-checked dress shirt. 
“Why don’t you pull the stick out of your ass and take off your clothes,” she said. 
He raised an eyebrow. Setting his glasses down on the side of the tub, slowly, he unbuttoned that crisp and perfect shirt. 
CHAPTER 13
The oversized crawler rumbled as it rolled over the rocky desert soil, vibrating her bones and making her grip the corrugated steering wheel tighter. It felt good to be back in charge of the convoy again. They were on her run, and the personnel had to hold off accompanying the shipment, Yuma being too far to travel without oxygen for anyone that wasn’t a pit dweller. Once upon a time they tried to have a few gas-masked soldiers follow them on all runs, but that simply wasn’t possible anymore with the increasingly dire supply shortages. 
She had one other armed accessory vehicle rumbling along behind her stuffed with two of her own employees, and that was it. She had Milo and Xed both to thank for getting the extra manpower shipped over and cleared in time for the run. Even though their firepower was reduced, it was actually much safer. With her at the helm, and a reduced body count to be concerned about, she would be much better equipped to quickly react to any incidents in the field. Fucking skeletons wouldn’t get the drop on them this time. Not on her watch. 
The other great thing about getting free of the dome was that she could freely communicate with her crew in the pits. Unfortunately, as nice as it was to talk to Milo again, he didn’t have any new information for her. Argon and Calavera were still both AWOL, no additional news about the rogue skeletons had surfaced, and Trina was still dying. 
Back out in the peaceful desert again, watching the winds blow the seemingly endless sand around in undulating waves as they journeyed through the empty wastelands was a perfect place to clear her head and think strategically about what had happened over the last week. The only real conclusion she had was that shit was fucked. She’d been ignoring the issue of Argon’s disappearance, and the more she thought about it, the angrier she got—angry at herself for letting it happen, angry at Argon for not getting himself out of the situation, angry at Calavera for not controlling her fucking personnel. 
At least she was finally making headway towards getting to Yuma and getting the Ketocillin for Trina. She had no idea if Argon was still savable, but there was still hope for Trina. Milo had tried to sound calm when she spoke with him, but there was an undertone of desperation that he couldn’t hide. She was coughing up too much blood, and they were low on plasmasynth, another item she was supposed to bring back from Yuma that the feds were keeping a tighter lock on in recent days. Time was running out, and everything depended on the success of this run. 
Paranoid, Xero kept her eyes constantly darting across the fried brown and red landscape, in search of skeletons or other signs of trouble. Everything was going smoothly until she noticed agitation on the horizon. Sands were blowing and creating a dusky glow in what should have been a totally clear sky. 
She picked up the radio. “Hey, Delta, Echo, keep yourselves sharp—I think we’ve got a haboob on the horizon, looks like a big one. Be ready to dig in and bunker down if it shifts in our direction,” she said. 
“Roger that,” Delta said. She preferred not to know the real names of her operators—it was safer that way for everyone involved. 
She adjusted their course slightly so that they were still on track to make it to Yuma in good time, but so that they were headed away from the area where they the sandstorm seemed to be concentrated. Haboobs were not something to fuck around with. It was possible to choke to death from the sheer amount and force of the sand blowing unfettered through the air. Vehicles could be uplifted and turned over, visibility could be reduced to zero, and to top it off, extra toxins could be condensed within the maelstrom. They had some old school filtration gas masks in their gear just in case they got caught up in a situation like that, but that alone might not be enough to combat all the deadly consequences of being taken unawares by a really bad sandstorm. More than a few supply caravans had been wiped out by haboobs over the years.  
“Boss. We’ve got trouble behind us,” Delta said over the radio. 
Using the crawler’s mirrors and rear camera, Xero focused in on the desert behind them, and immediately spotted the problem. “Oh, motherfucker,” she said. She had been so fixated on the winds moving from the west that she hadn’t been paying attention to the easterly winds behind them. Not that it really would have made a difference. A rogue crosswind had decided to help coalesce a sudden super cell that was now looming behind their caravan. It was being sucked towards them at a rapid pace, closing in around them in a horseshoe formation. They only had one choice—to redirect their course straight forward, which sent them right back into the haboob. 
“Alright, I want you to juice it to the max. Follow my lead—we’re going to try and outrun the lip of the storm and bank west before we hit the haboob. If we don’t make it through either one, drop anchor and shelter in place in the cargo hold. Got it?” she said. 
“Roger that, “Delta said. 
Xero punched an array of buttons on the dashboard, ground the gearshift until it clunked into place, and stomped on the gas pedal until it hit the dirty floorboards. Her hands clutched the steering wheel, struggling to keep the overloaded crawler upright as she banked around sand formations and rocks at speeds that it was not designed to travel at. As confident as she was that Milo had picked decent operatives, she also knew that they were short on personnel due to the heightened security needs, and she rarely if ever allowed cargo to be transported without at least one Grease Weasel in each vehicle of a caravan. Watching the second vehicle fishtailing behind her, she was reminded of the reason for this. It was a tough driving situation to be sure, but no one other than the direct members of the Grease Weasels themselves had as much time behind the wheel on deep cargo runs, and it was showing in the disaster unfolding in her review mirror. 
Darkness was surrounding the caravan as the haboob and monsoon super cell closed in around them, and Xero knew that they had failed. Sometimes when you tangled with mother nature, there was just no winning. 
“We’re not going to make it,” she said into the radio. “Activate shelter in place protocols. Do not exit the vehicle and try to move to the cargo container if the storms approach too fast. Drop the anchors, throw on a gas mask and don’t move till I tell you to. On the count of three you need to switch off the overdrive, downshift, and slowly come to a stop. Do not rush this process. Got it?” 
“Confirmation, ready for your signal,” Delta said. 
Xero counted down, and threw the switches. With a trained elegance she brought the cargo crawler to a graceful stop, the treads softly pushing into the sand. After the perfect deceleration she was hopeful they would execute storm protocols and escape the incident unscathed. She dropped anchor, and heavy steel mechanisms plunged deep into the sand around the crawler, giving her added resistance against the vicious winds. Everything went perfectly. 
Then the secondary crawler slammed into the back of her unit.
 She was thrown against her safety harness, pinching some of her still healing wounds, but it prevented her from slamming face first into the windshield. Either there was an equipment malfunction and he had been too careless to secure the harness properly, or the crawler impact had just been that intense, but Delta crashed into the windshield and went flying from vehicle. 
Xero cringed as his head splattered against her crawler’s rearview camera, treating her to a close up view of his brain matter. No bueno. She snatched the gas mask from the seat beside her and crammed it on her head. There was no time to get into the safer bunker of the cargo container, so she elongated the straps of the restraint harness and crawled down to the floor boards and tucked herself as far under the seats as she could get. 
Reaching a hand up, she grabbed the radio and tried to reach Echo. “Do not leave the vehicle cabin. Repeat, do not leave the cabin. Fasten your restraint harness and take shelter at the bottom of the cabin,” she said. 
There was no response. 
A wave of anger rolled through her, furious that her own operatives had made such huge errors in judgment. She was no better than the government soldiers or Calavera, letting missions go to shit and ruin everything like this. So unprofessional. So unacceptable. When had she let things get so sloppy? How had she or Milo let such inexperienced operatives out in the field in the first place? With Echo not answering the radio, she already knew that they would both pay for their mistakes with their lives. She threw the radio against the dashboard, but it clattered harmlessly back onto one of the seats. 
The two storms finally met, and vicious winds ripped against the armored sides of the crawler. Thunder shook the ground, vibrating through the vehicle’s heavy metal exterior. Through her closed eyelids she could still see the flash of thunder as lightning struck the carapace and grounded itself into the earth. Heavy rain splattered against the metal exterior and the barrage sounded like some of the finer gunfights Xero had lived through.  
She breathed slowly and calmly, centering herself and forcing measured full breaths through the old respirator. It wasn’t much, but it would help keep the sand out of her lungs. She was resistant to most of the chemicals floating around the pits, but even the strongest of lung tissue couldn’t deal with a pound of sand lancing into bronchi at 100 miles per hour. She was suddenly thankful that she had insisted on gearing up in the uncomfortable tight black acid resistant polymer suits. Just from the smell blasting through the air vents, she knew she was in for a nasty chemical bath.  It had been a few years since she’d had a really bad chemical burn, and it wasn’t something she was looking forward to. 
The haboob hit the crawler, and she settled in for a long battle between the metal and the winds. The vehicle slammed back and forth, steel screeching and cargo thumping in the back of the hold as the winds lashed away. The double paned windows creaked, groaning and heaving under the strain of the wind and the air pressure, finally giving way with a resounding pop. Glass rained down on her, but the jagged spheres would have been the least of her worries. 
That is, if a few choice shards hadn’t ripped through the tender polymer suit. The glass chipped chunks of skin out from under them on their way down , but that wasn’t what she was worried about. There was nowhere to go. No time to get into the cargo hold without risking getting blown away or fried by lightning. No escape. 
The rain came then, pouring through the broken windows and onto her prostrate body. The first drips of the acidic rain touched her skin and ate into her lacerated flesh through the violated suit. There was no reason to hold back and she screamed into the wind defiantly, daring it to keep going. The rain was now the dominant threat, having determined the hard way that it was in fact laden with poison. The harness would hold her in the vehicle, but with the windows broken and water gushing into the cabin, she wasn’t sure if she would drown or chemical burn herself to death first. 
Grabbing the fabric of the harness, she hauled herself back up onto the bench seats. She was still in the direct spray of the caustic rain, but at least she wasn’t swimming it in the foot well anymore. There was nothing left to do but wait it out, hope that the suit could withstand more damage, and that the body of the crawler stood up to the full brunt of the storm. She had seen the thick reinforced steel carapaces crumple against the immeasurable forces of the desert elements, and she wasn’t sure what a better death would be—to be crushed inside a tin can, smashed against rocks by gale force winds, or melted to death in a toxic rain bath. 
All three options circled in her mind as the wind sucked at her through the broken windows, the corrosive rain ate at her skin through the tears in the suit, and she heard the steel shell groaning against the smashing air pressure. Sand mixed in with the rain and ground into the her new and existing wounds. The suit thankfully sealed against her skin, but trickles of rain still leaked down into some of the crevices of her suit, burning the unhealed stiches and scratches from the week’s abuses. The pain melded into a familiar shell of torture, and she kept concentrating on her breathing. Sand was clogging the respirator, and hyperventilating would have meant another swift option for death. Even with so many routes for dying, she didn't have to ponder the possibilities too long—after thirty minutes of torture, one final gust of wind shoved at the crawler, and the whole thing lurched over. 
Amidst the other pains, the blunt force of ramming into the side of the crawler seemed like a joke. That is, until gravity rolled her onto the edge of the shattered passenger’s side window. The sting of the glass shredding her suit seemed like child’s play before the rain dripped into the new openings in her flesh. The resulting agony made her teeter on the edge of consciousness, but she held on, knowing that passing out would mean certain death if the cabin kept rolling and she was left to get crushed in the rotation or drowned in the bottom of a rain choked floor when it finally came to a stop. 
Then the rain stopped. The wind stopped. The lightning and thunder stopped. The driving sand stopped. It was all just gone. It was so silent she thought she had actually died, but the excruciating pain was a reminder of what a fantasy that thought was. The desert was a cruel mistress—her storms were as swift and violent as they were transient. She was so beautiful you couldn’t resist her, and so fickle she could punch you with one hand and caress you with the other. Like every other monsoon or haboob Xero had lived through, it hadn’t lasted that long. She had never been religious, and she wasn’t ready to give it all up to Jesus, but thank god for small favors.
Her balance was off after so much rolling and shaking, but the sun was out again, and the rays peeking through the crawler’s broken glass gave her an idea of what orientation she had come to lay at. The broken driver’s side window was flush against the wet desert sand, and she was partially dangling from the safety harness. She groaned and hooked her fingers inside the center mass of the rig and pulled apart the release tabs. Falling a few feet, she thumped against the soaked driver’s seat and her left elbow struck the sand poking through the broken window. After clearing the sand from the portals of her gas mask’s respirator she lay there, just breathing, pushing aside the pain and any feelings of panic that were trying to cloud her judgment. She was alive, and that was more than most could ask for in this situation. 
With a huge groan she summoned the rest of her strength and climbed vertically up the seats towards the passenger’s side windows. It was a sloppy dismount, but she had never been so happy to fall five feet in her life. Ashamed as she was of her lack of a properly protective roll, even smacking face first into the sand seemed like an accomplishment. She was out of the wreckage. She was alive. The storm had moved on. Everything else was just gravy. 
She came to her hands and knees and finally got the wherewithal to strip off the gas mask and the damaged suit. The sun was already evaporating the water that the monsoon had dumped in the area, taking with it some of the chemicals that were burning her skin. Her undamaged skin was doing a decent job of repelling the toxins, but the areas already damaged by stab wounds or glass were on fire with the caustic ooze. She needed clean water. 
Naked in the new sunlight, the desert smelled strangely good. She was able to look past the scent of evaporating sewage and detect the faint smell of desert sage and wet rock. This is why she loved the desert. Even in the middle of Armageddon there was something beautiful. 
Relief hinged on whether she could get into the hull of one of the crawlers. The back entrance to her vehicle was crumpled against her partners’ cabin from the initial accident still, the force of the crash having been enough to meld the two together in a gnarled metallic embrace. She gave a scream to the world, frustrated with having to go through the burden of moving just a few feet south to access the other crawler’s cabin. Each movement felt like torture, and she could just imagine the acid chewing away at her wounds. 
The back door to the second crawler was buried in the sand, but also partially open, meaning there was a chance for her to try and fish something out. She scrambled over there, thrusting her hand through the crack in the doors, hoping desperately to come across something useful. After a minute of fruitless groping she stopped. She had to calm down. Think. She had the tools to deal with this situation. After taking the time to collect herself she spent a few minutes digging a trench for the door so that she could gain better access to the hold. After digging a foot down into the sand, she could fit her top half through the gap, which gave her significant leverage in accessing the supplies. 
Her desperate hands gripped all manner of items, but none of them felt right. When her fist finally closed around a large jug of water she screamed out loud, her voice echoing into the empty distance. She upended the container and the water coursed over her body, soothing the seared flesh. Once the initial respite of the water had passed she went into damage control mode and began inspecting herself for any life-threatening injuries. For as much as it had hurt, it looked like the suit had done its job of protecting her skin from having too much exposure to the toxins. Most of her skin was red and raw—likely first degree burns that would feel like shit for a few days but wouldn’t kill her. 
The rest of her injuries on the other hand were much more serious. The rain had eaten through the stitches Zed had sewn through her prison lacerations, and the exploding glass had added additional slashes that were oozing blood and separated plasma. The gaping slices were raw and ragged, tortured from the acid that had been worse than literally rubbing salt in the wounds. Fortunately, the blood was slowly dripping as opposed to pouring out across the wet sands. The acid was ironically sealing off some of the vessels—the polluted rain may have actually helped save her life. She couldn’t afford to pass out from blood loss, but pain, that she could work through. With any luck the penicillin injection she’d gotten from Zed would be enough to prevent infections. 
Once again she found herself naked in a crisis—this was happening far too frequently. However, the monsoon rains had lowered the temperature, and though the sun had come back out again, it was no longer hanging in the middle of the sky. Finding clothing was not a survival priority just yet. 
Though it was just a formality, she had to at least try and verify the deaths of Delta and Echo. This turned out to be more difficult than expected—Echo was nowhere to be found, and aside from chunky stains clinging to the back of her crawler, Delta’s remains had also been scattered by the storm. If somehow Echo was alive, there wasn’t anything she could do for him at the moment anyway. Next priority was trying to radio back to a command base—whether that was the Phoenix or Yuma domes, or her crew in the pit, it didn’t matter. It wouldn’t be the first time she’d had to wander the desert on foot, but given the verified volatile weather patterns, it wasn’t a task she was eager to take on. 
The radio in the rear unit that Delta had crashed was toast—the crawler wouldn’t start, and it looked like the whole head unit was smashed. There would be no radioing for help with that thing without some serious electronic surgery. After carefully scuttling back into the side of the uprooted crawler she found that the electrical system was still working, but something was still wrong with the radio. It turned on, but all she got was static with no sign of any connecting transmissions. Something had clearly been dislodged in the impact. It was possibly fixable, but it would take tools that she didn’t have on hand. 
She found her laser tossed towards the back of the cabin, looking like it was in good shape still. Though scraped from being juggled about during the storm, after careful inspection she verified that the shell was intact—thinking back to the fried skeleton at The Niagara, she wouldn’t have wanted to risk firing a damaged laser that had also gone for a soak in an acid bath. 
At least she had a weapon—she didn’t think there was much in the way of defense items in the shipment they had been trying to deliver. She cursed herself again for her carelessness. Typically she verified and double-checked all cargo before going on a run—that way she knew exactly what was on hand and how the cargo could affect the mission if anything went wrong. This time she had only given a cursory look at the shipment’s manifold. In her head she saw herself lecturing other employees about how sloppy planning and preparation could only lead to sloppy results. Well, she was right about that, and she was reaping the consequences of her own negligence. 
She climbed back out of the cabin and buried her face in her hands for a minute, pushing away the pain she was feeling from all the inflamed skin and fighting a sudden wave of intense nausea. When she looked back up again, she scanned the terrain in all directions, looking for landmarks for a clue about which direction she would need to head in. The sun was getting lower, and the acquisition of the laser was a real benefit—weird shit sometimes came out in the desert at night. She had the option of trying to make it somewhere on foot, or digging into one of the cargo holds and waiting for some kind of a rescue party to make its way out there, but that could be days. Eventually one of the domes would realize that they had lost communications and that their precious cargo hadn’t reached its destination on time. But she was in one of the dead zones—too far between dome areas for any non-pit dweller to travel to safely. It could be days or even weeks before an official search party was established. Her own crew would figure out something was wrong before that, but knowing her luck, a roving band of skeletons would find her before anyone was able to make it out there.  
When she had almost completed a 360 degree scan of the surroundings, movement on the horizon to the west caught her attention. It was hard to tell if it was just a big cloud of steam, possibly from the storm’s waters evaporating in the remains of the day’s heat, or if it was smoke, but there was a big cloud of something in the direction of Yuma. She squinted, trying to get a better read on what was going on over there, and noticed additional movement. She had to be imagining it, but it looked like a big group of people spread out across the sands. She shook her head, wondering if she’d damaged something in her head during the incident, but as minutes went by she was more convinced that it was in fact a group of people moving in her direction. What the fuck. This was not an area you walked on foot unless something catastrophic happened. Not even marauders liked to frequent this area because of its reputation for volatile weather patterns and lack of colony settlements. 
Her eyes were glued to the movement in the distance—the group of people continued to come into focus, and the cloud rising up out of Yuma kept expanding. It was getting blacker—it had to be smoke, and a lot of it for it to be visible from that far away. Dome fires were almost unheard of, and she couldn’t think of what else in the area would have enough fuel to burn so vigorously. What in the hell was going on? Typically desert storms were violent and short lived, but perhaps the storm had traveled far enough and lasted long enough to damage the structure of the dome. Yuma’s dome was small, but it was newer, and most of the new domes were constructed to be nearly impervious to weather or other incidental environmental damages. She continued puzzling over what the fuck could be going on over there. 
Meanwhile, the group of people trudging over the sands were definitely headed in her direction, possibly hoping to raid the upended crawlers. At least she had the intact laser. After debating whether it was worth trying to dig through some of the cargo, or if she should just save her energy for the conflict, she decided it would be nice to at least try and extract some kind of clothing or additional weapons from the supplies. Both crawlers were jacked up and partially buried in the sand, making the task difficult, if not impossible. 
Using the technique she’d tried using earlier, she wedged as much of her upper body through the opening in the second crawler as she could and blindly fished around in the dark. At least she was pretty sure they weren’t carrying any incendiary devices or other volatile items that might explode if she grabbed the wrong thing. Pretty sure at least. She came out with more water, a long piece of black fabric, and a big stick that looked like the bottom part of some garden tool. Not the best things she could have found, considering the kinds of fantastic items that sometimes ended up on her cargo trains, but at least they would all be useful for something. She used the water douse herself again to soothe some of the continuing burn from the rain. It had been awhile since she’d had any water to drink either, and she made sure to hydrate well. Nothing would kill you in the desert faster than running out of water, and she was thankful for policies that mandated a certain amount of water that had to be present on any cargo runs. 
She tore small strips from fabric and tied them around some of the bigger wounds, if nothing else to keep more sand from getting inside the cuts. Using the remainder of the black cloth, she fashioned a crude sort of toga that would help keep some of the sun off. The stick would be a good back up weapon, and could possibly help her dig more of the doors out of the sand and get better access to the rest of the cargo hold. What she could really use would be some tools and wiring to try and get the radio working again so she could get some help out there to pull her ass out of the fire.
The smoke coming out of Yuma had spread even further just in the short period of time that she’d been digging around inside the crawlers, and she knew that something outrageously bad had happened.  At least she could tell that the group headed towards her weren’t skeletons, at least not uniformed ones. It wasn’t exactly productive, but watching the figures come into focus gave her something else to focus on besides her throbbing skin. 
They looked like refugees—they were dirty and shambling, traveling with great difficulty, except for one man that was walking in front of the group. He had short black hair that was longer in the front, and a dusty dark trench coat with some kind of satchel slung over his shoulder. He was striding purposefully out in front of the group with the aid of some kind of stick or staff. He rallied the group, and they began calling and waving their hands in her direction, screaming for help. Great. Just what she needed—a group of stragglers to try and rescue. Well, she had news for them. There would be no rescue coming from her direction, not with the radios down. At least they weren’t outwardly hostile, but desperation took hold quickly in the desert, and you never could be certain when someone might turn on you when survival was on the line. 
“Who goes there?” she called when they were close enough to comprehend actual words. She raised her own staff and made herself look even bigger than she already was, as though they were an animal she needed to intimidate. She must have been quite a sight, like some odd tribal desert dweller,  a giant half naked woman with a wilted neon green Mohawk shaking sticks and lasers in their direction. 
The man held his hand up, signaling for the rest of the stragglers to wait while he came just outside of easy striking distance. 
“I’ve got a group of survivors here from the Yuma dome. We’re trying to make it to Gila Bend,” he said. 
Dome people out in the desert? Shit—she looked over his shoulder and saw that they were dirty with black ash, and most of them were panting, struggling to remain standing. Many of them had already collapsed into the sand, some of them laying so still that they may have already surrendered to the cruel air. However, the man in the trench coat wasn’t having any trouble at all, and in fact didn’t seem to be distressed in any way. Who the fuck was this guy? 
“You’re from the pits,” she said as a statement. 
“No, actually,” he said simply. “It looks like you’ve run into trouble yourself. Perhaps we can work together and travel to Gila Bend. There’s strength in numbers.”
She squinted her eyes at him, trying to figure out how someone that wasn’t a pit dweller could be faring so well out in a dead zone. “A haboob and a super storm cell collided and fucked up my crawlers,” she said, tossing a thumb behind her at the wreckage. “Radios are down, and the entrances to the cargo hold are blocked,  so I don’t know how useful I’d be to your group. You may as well keep trucking.”
The man smiled and motioned towards her laser with his chin. “I obviously can’t force you into letting us join you, but I think I can help you out. These are dangerous times to be wandering the desert alone,” he said. 
“It’s always a dangerous time to be wandering this desert. Look buddy, you wanna just take a time out for a second and tell me why the fuck you dragged all these dome dwellers out here? You get a kick out of watching people’s lungs explode?” she said and thrust the staff in his direction. 
He shook his head. “I guess you missed the news. Yuma is gone,” he said calmly but there was genuine sadness in his blue eyes. 
Her mouth dropped open and she didn’t bother trying to hide her surprise. “Um, what?” she said, lacking words to say something more intelligent. 
“Can’t you see the smoke spreading out behind us? There was an attack on the Yuma dome this afternoon. I’m still not totally sure what happened, but I’m guessing there were multiple charges set around the dome, and the waves of storms this afternoon helped cover the explosions. It was already too late for the Phoenix military to respond. It was total chaos, and I didn’t want to stick around and find out who was behind the attack. Me and this group of people decided it was a better risk to strike out for Gila Bend. I don’t think there will be many survivors out of Yuma when everything is said and done. I didn’t force anyone to come with me, if that’s what you’re wondering,” he said. 
She just stood there for another minute or two, processing what he had said, staring at the billowing smoke that had engulfed the western sky. “Jesus Christ,” she said. 
Something like this hadn’t happened since the early riots, back when everything was chaos and anger and security around the domes hadn’t been very stable. Her mind raced through waves of thoughts and problems that this would cause. She liked Yuma—she had good relations with both the pits ruler and the dome officials, and it had been one of the few domes that hadn’t been very difficult to deal with. Then there was what it meant on a broader scale. If it was the same person or organization behind the skeleton attacks, then this was more serious than some minor acts of civil disobedience. This could be the beginning of a true war. Even though this problem was obviously the bigger concern, her mind ultimately focused on one final implication: Trina. If Yuma was in ruins, then there was no way for her to get the Ketocillin she needed to survive. 
Her hands curled into fists and she clenched her teeth. “Goddamn it! Are you absolutely certain?” she said, knowing it was a stupid question. A whole dome blowing up was something hard to miss, and it would take a major disaster like that to get dome dwellers wandering around waiting to slowly die in the desert’s toxic air. 
He ran a gloved hand through his long hair, a look of sadness showing on his face. “I’m truly sorry—this isn’t something anyone ever thought could happen,” he said. “I’m assuming that you’re a cargo runner from the pits.” 
She sighed, trying to get her thoughts together enough to formulate a plan. “Yeah, you probably know me. I’m Xero,” she said. 
He squinted at her, and recognition flashed in his eyes. “Ah, Xero, the Tucson pit leader. We’ve never met, but yes, I’ve heard of you and seen you in various transmissions before. Your reputation precedes you,” he said. 
She nodded, satisfied that she wouldn’t need to intimidate him into understanding how dangerous she was. “Good, at least you know where I’m coming from them. If you partner with me, you should know what to expect. I don’t tolerate bullshit, and I don’t fuck around,” she said. 
“I also know that you don’t give help freely—but I assure you, I can give as good as I get. In fact, I think I can get us back up and on the road again, if you don’t mind,” he said. It was a nice way of saying she was quid pro quo regardless of the circumstances. He wasn’t wrong. You didn’t get to where she was by doing thankless favors just for the fuck of it. 
She looked over her shoulder at the dead crawlers and then back at the ragtag stragglers that had all fallen into the sands behind him. “You think we can get the crawlers back on the road with just those sickly fucks? Do you know how many tons each of these things weighs?” she said. 
“Trust me, I have a plan,” he said and grinned. What a weird motherfucker. She kinda liked him—there was a sharp intelligence and wit that she sensed behind his eyes, and he wasn’t bad looking for that matter. He had the hard but confident look of a person that had been through things that most people couldn’t dream of, and knew he could take just about whatever life threw at them. 
“You got a name, stranger?” she said. 
“You can call me Radar,” he said. 
She thought for awhile, scanning her memory for anyone matching his name and description, but she came up empty. 
He chuckled, watching her try and puzzle him out. “I wouldn’t expect you to know me,” he said. “I’m usually pretty discreet.” 
He had to be some kind of independent mercenary or smuggler. No one else would have had such an easy-going confidence while in the middle of a literal disaster. He said he was a dome dweller too, but was obviously having no problems whatsoever dealing with the air out in the dead zone. 
“Are you one of Xed’s men?” she said, wondering if he had known there was going to be a convoy headed in this direction because of Xed’s intel. It would have made sense given Xed’s known ability to hide flats and pits dwellers in plain sight within the dome infrastructures. 
“No. I’m a free agent,” he said, tacitly confirming her earlier suspicion that he was probably an independent mercenary or smuggler. In some ways it made her trust his abilities even more, given that it was not an easy time to be an independent operator. It was nearly impossible to get anything done without being connected to one of the major cartels. 
She narrowed her eyes at him, looking him up and down with a new appreciation of just how dangerous he might really be. He smiled as he watched her processing the information. “Don’t worry, even I wouldn’t be so foolish to try and mess with the likes of Xero, injured or not,” he said. 
“Good choice. I’m hurting, but I assure you, that just makes me even more dangerous,” she said. 
They both nodded their agreement. 
“Good. At least we understand each other,” she said and extended a hand. “Partners until we get out of this mess.” 
He thrust out his hand and they gave each other a good shake. The dirty, worn leather of his gloves scraped against her palm. “Partners,” he said. In the pits shaking hands was just about as serious as signing a contract in blood, meaning there was a good chance they could trust each other, at least for the moment. 
She walked passed him and got closer to the group of survivors that had all fallen into the sand while they’d been talking. There were at least twenty of them, many of which were choking and gasping, or were so far gone that they were only wheezing softly and giving weak coughs as they sucked in too much sand. 
Xero raised her laser and quickly shot half of them in the head, spraying the remaining survivors with sloppy chunks of brain and skull. The few that were strong enough to scream did so but couldn’t get enough air into their lungs to make anything more than barely audible cries. 
She felt something cold against her leg, and a second later electricity sparked through her body, bringing her to her knees. It wasn’t enough to kill her, but it was enough to make her swear and need a few seconds to recover. Looking up, she saw Radar’s figure looming over her, his metal staff poking into her leg. 
“What the fuck,” she said and scrambled to her feet, aiming the laser at his head. 
“That was uncalled for,” he said. She eyeballed him and the metal staff that looked like it was actually a chunk of plumbing pipe. There were threads on either end of it, but no other sign of more electronics that would explain where the electric shock had come from. 
“If you’re going to make a decision like that, I’d appreciate it if you discussed it with me first before acting,” he said. 
He had something of a point, as they had just shaken on being partners. “Sorry, I’m just not used to having to get permission for anything. I’m used to being the boss-lady,” she aid. 
“I understand. For the duration of this mission, I think we should reach a consensus before making any major tactical movements,” he said. 
“How in the hell did you do that,” she said, her eyes still searching for where in the hell the electric charge had come from. 
He dug the pipe into the ground and put a hand on his hip. “There’s more to me than meets the eye. I’ll explain later, but for the moment just know that I’m an engineer by trade. I’m good at putting things together,” he said. 
She widened her eyes. She wouldn’t have minded stripping him down to see just what he had under that coat. “I’ll strip search you later,” she said and winked. He laughed. 
“Anyway, sorry about killing your buddies, but you know they had no chance of surviving. They were too far gone. They would only be suffering and holding us back. I’ve watched too many dome dwellers slowly suffocate to death in the pits, and it’s not a pretty way to go. This was more merciful. You know I’m right,” she said. 
He got a faraway look in his eyes, and he cast his gaze downward, a real sadness falling over his features. “You’re right,” he said and moved his eyes back over the remaining ten survivors. “I think there’s still hope for the rest of these people if we can get them to Gila Bend in time,” he said. 
They were rough looking, but from her experience if they’d survived this long and were still breathing like they were, there was a chance for them to recover if they could make it to a more oxygenated environment before the dawn rose on a new day. 
“Well, I’m not exactly thrilled about the idea of spending the night out in the dead zone, so if you’ve got another idea, I’m all ears,” she said. 
He smiled and patted the dark leather satchel. “I think I can arrange something,” he said. 

CHAPTER 14
	She didn’t believe in magic, but this guy seemed like he was just a few rungs below being something completely mystical. From his bag he had extracted an array of ropes, a small motor, and what looked like a selection of small grappling hooks. After spending thirty minutes tinkering with the set up, she had helped him attach the ropes at various points on the crawler. 
	“Now, this is the pain in the ass. We need to dig down to one of the anchors that kept the crawler from being totally blown away,” he said. “If we can’t get to it, it’s going to be really hard for my little winch machine here to have the leverage to pull this thing up.” 
	He had determined that the second crawler had sustained too much damage in the crash to be readily fixable without significant effort, and he said the tiny engine would probably only have enough of a charge to pull one of them out of the sand, so they were focusing their efforts on the one Xero had been driving originally. She was skeptical that anything so small could possibly generate the forces needed to pull up the huge crawler, but she was willing to give anything a shot at that point. They started digging into the sand, using their respective sticks to try and dig as far down as they could. It took well over an hour, and Xero’s wounds were screaming in pain from all of the movement, but at last they heard a resonating clunk as his pipe struck the solid metal of the crawler’s anchor. She collapsed into the sand in relief. 
	“You can take a load off,” he said. “It won’t do any good to have you go out of commission too.” 
	“Thanks,” she said, not moving from the sand, even though the gritty surface was irritating her already abused skin. 
	From her place on the ground, she watched in awe as he finished setting up the array of ropes and pulleys and fired up the engine. It made a soft whirring as it started pulling the enormous machine from its place in the sand. She scrambled to her feet and backed away, just in case the thing overcorrected and tried to roll back her way. Radar seemed convinced that it wouldn’t, but she didn’t feel like taking a chance. Being crushed by a steel tank wasn’t high on her list of preferred ways to die. 
	“I’ll be a son of a bitch,” she said as the crawler thumped back into an upright position, vibrating the ground underneath her. Sand licked her ankles from the movement. Radar was grinning with his hands on his hips. 
	“What did I tell ya? Good as new. There’s almost no situation you can’t build yourself out of,” he said, clearly proud of his little contraption. 
	“I’ll remember not to doubt you next time,” she said. 
	With the crawler upright and out of the sand trap, they were able to open the doors to the supply hull the rest of the way and gain access to its contents. There was a lot of miscellaneous crap that wouldn’t do them any good, but there was more water, food, some clothing, some medicals supplies, and other things that would be useful. 
	“Hey, there’s a bunch of albuterol and atropine back here,” she said. “I can shoot your guys up with a little cocktail that will make them feel like shit, but should help keep them a little more oxygenated until we can get them back into a dome.” He clearly cared about the survivors for reasons she couldn’t really understand, and it seemed the least she could do to pay him back for getting the crawler out of the sand. 
	“You have medical training?” he said, his eyes twinkling with a glimmer of hope. 
	“I’m actually a psychiatrist, but yeah I went to medical school, so I have some idea about what I’m doing,” she said. 
	“That’s wonderful. I would really appreciate it,” he said. 
	A little Alphamine would really help perk them up too, but it wasn’t that kind of a run, and she didn’t have anything like that on her. At least she would also be able tend to her own wounds a little bit better. There were some analgesics in the medical supplies, and the generalized burn that kept pestering her skin might make her cave to actually taking some. She couldn’t think clearly with pain plaguing her every movement anyway. 	
	It took some time, but they got everything ready to go. She put on a more appropriate set of mission clothing—there wasn’t another waterproof suit, but there were at least some spare military field uniforms in desert camo patterns and some combat boots that were a damned sight easier to work in than the loose toga that kept getting caught on things and had left her standing naked in front of Radar more than once. He hadn’t seemed to mind too much. 
	The sun was sinking, but she could still see the black cloud that was the remains of Yuma shimmering in the distance. It was still on fire. She shuddered thinking of what kind of explosives would have been necessary to make that happen. Radar gathered the survivors before the last light of the day went out and crammed them into the supply hull of the crawler. There was at least some minimal filtration in the cargo holds just to prevent corrosion of any sensitive materials, and they would have an easier time breathing back there once they got the crawler started again. After shooting everyone up with a rescue cocktail and making sure none of them died in the process, she gathered a toolkit of water, food, and additional medical supplies to bring up the cabin with her. 
	Radar had brushed most of the glass out of where they would be sitting, and was systematically taking apart the front of the dashboard trying to repair the radio. 
	“I’ve got the wiring fixed, but the mechanism got soaked in the storm. It should work again once it’s dried out again, but that will take some time,” he said. “It would be nice to let someone in the flats know what our situation is.” 
	“Ah, that’s right. Gila Bend’s dome is defunct,” she said. It had been awhile since she’d had to go out that way for any runs. Back in the day Gila Bend had been a nice small dome, another crossroads like Yuma, but its population had been too small to justify the resources needed to keep it running. Officials had decided that keeping Yuma open as a border transition would be a wiser decision. It had been a recent development however, and she wondered what kind of condition the flats were in out there. With any luck it still had some of its infrastructure intact. After such a rough week, she wasn’t looking forward to dealing with the kind of slums they had in most of the flats. 
	“Yeah, been dead for a couple of years now,” he said. “But it should have enough oxygenation left to keep these guys alive, at least until communications are restored and we can figure out a way for them to get back into a proper dome.” 
	He was far more optimistic about it than she was, but there was no point in dashing his hopes. Knowing how slowly the government worked, it could be weeks before any sort of rescue mission was put together, and in her opinion they would be long dead before that, even in a partially controlled dome atmosphere. They weren’t adapted to be living in that kind of harsh environment. Darwin could be a total pain in the ass. 
	They took a few minutes to drink some water and scarf some of the emergency rations and water that she’d dug out of the cargo. The dry protein bar tasted just about as good to her as the fancy food she’d had at The Niagara and at Xed’s place, and they made small grunts of pleasure as they slugged down the tasteless food. Nothing like a disaster to make you enjoy life’s small pleasures. 
	The last sun rays of day were gone, and she switched on the cabin’s overhead lights. The light cover had been cracked at some point in time, but thankfully the bulb was still intact so that she could see well enough to sift through the medical supplies that she’d brought with her. 
	“If you don’t mind, I can drive. I know the way to Gila Bend, and that way we can get on the road while you take care of your injuries,” he said. 
	She raised an eyebrow at him. “You sure you can handle this thing?” she said. 
	He laughed. “I can rebuild one of these things from the ground up. I’m pretty sure I can drive one,” he said. 
	She shrugged. “Point taken. Alright. I can take over if you get in over your head or something,” she said and shot him a look that said she was joking. It’s not like he could do any worse than the assholes that had crashed into her crawler in the first place. 
	He peered into the medical kit and fired up the crawler. “You know, you should give yourself some of that morphine. It will give you a chance to relax and heal. Use a small enough dose and you should be clear before we reach Gila Bend,” he said after seeing a vial of it mixed in with the bandages and syringes. 
	She stared at him and cocked her head to the side. She’d been contemplating the same thing, but after so many fuckups this week, she was rather reluctant to just give the helm over to some mercenary stranger she’d just met hours before. 
	“Look, if we’d wanted to kill each other, we could have had chances hours ago,” he said. “There’s nothing either of us could gain from it at this point. We’re both businessmen, uh, women…business people, that is. Shooting your partner before the payoff is just sloppy business.” 
	He had a point. They were both useful to the other in terms of survival. She knew these deserts like the back of her hand and had connections with people in most of the nearby settlements, and her reputation as a vicious fighter was well known across the region. If they ran into trouble, he’d want her on his side. He had already more than proved his worth to the point where she was wondering if there was any way she might convince him to join the Grease Weasels. Much as she didn’t like thinking about it, if things didn’t start going better, she was going to have two openings to fill in the near future. 
	“Alright. I’ll be able to clean up these wounds a little more thoroughly if I’ve had some drugs, but I may end up passing out for a spell. Just jam some atropine in my ass—that outta wake me up,” she said and drew up a small dose of morphine. 
	Within seconds of injecting the drug a warm sense of relief washed over her, and she realized just how much pain she’d been in from the distributed chemical burns. She pulled the syringe out of her thigh and gave a long audible sigh. 
	“Better?” he said. 
	“Absolutely,” she said sluggishly, drawing out each syllable. 
	“Sorry I don’t have any Alphamine on me. That would probably do you some good right about now,” he said. 
	She laughed. “I’m the one that makes that stuff, you know,” she said. 
	“I do—it’s still one of my hottest commodities. I assume you don’t have any either, considering you were on a government run when the storm hit,” he said. Smart man. She was liking him more as the night wore on, and she began thinking of what she could use to try and entice him to join up. That would have to wait till later. First they needed to get the fuck out of the dead zones. 
	“I never touch the stuff—shit’s addictive as fuck,” she said. 
	He shook his head and chuckled. “Ah, the irony. Well, at least you have the morphine for now,” he said and turned his attention back to the vast sandy plains that rolled past in never ending segments of their headlights. 
	She set about cleaning herself up before the morphine made her too drowsy to function. She’d given herself a deep intramuscular injection, so she had some time before the full effects took hold—it would take time for the drug to make its way into her bloodstream. Getting to some of the burns meant that she had to strip down to her skivvies again temporarily. 
	“Sorry I keep getting naked in front of you,” she said. 
	“Not something you typically do on a first date, eh?” he said. 
	She bit her lip, feigning embarrassment.  “Oh, I wouldn’t say that,” she said. 
	“I can think of worse things to be subjected to,” he said without taking his eyes off the road. “Don’t worry though—I’m always a gentleman.” 
	“I dunno, peeling skin from chemical burns and crusty stab wounds are pretty fucking irresistible. You might not be able to control yourself,” she said. 
	They both laughed hard, releasing some of the tension between them. He would fit right in with the Grease Weasels if she could dream up a contract tasty enough to tempt him. 
	Besides helping her relax, the pain medication allowed her to do the unpleasant job of debriding all the wounds and cleansing some of the more serious chemical burns without wanting to just give up and shoot herself in the face with a laser. It still wasn’t terribly comfortable, but at least she was able to get through it without vomiting or passing out. 
	“You okay over there?” he said, listening to her grunting and huffing through the discomfort. 
	“I can think of better ways to spend an evening, but I’ll live,” she said. After covering herself in a layer of burn salve and putting sterile bandages on all of the larger cuts, she put her clothes back on and put away the medical supplies. 
	“Put your head on my lap and take a nap. You need the rest,” he said. 
	She raised both eyebrows. 
	“I promise to be a gentleman,” he said. 
	She didn’t really have the energy to argue, didn’t give a shit if he was a gentleman or not, and the morphine was starting to make her dizzy. She mumbled something, and lay her head on his pants. They were surprisingly soft, smelling of wood smoke, sand, and something she couldn’t quite place. He switched off the overhead lights, and in the rumbling darkness she fell asleep listening to the crawler’s treads rolling across the uneven desert terrain. 
CHAPTER 15
	Gila Bend had seen better days. It had never been a particularly robust city, but if nothing else it had been a decent crossroads for travelers trying to make their way from Arizona back into Southern California. When it had become a dome, the town had gone through significant modernization and gentrification, briefly functioning as a tourist destination before traveling became restricted and the railroads died.  
	After being abandoned to become a flats location, things had slowly deteriorated, but it was still in much better shape than some of the abandoned domes she had toured. That wasn’t saying much, but at least it meant that there was some modicum of structure left behind, some commerce and city services that they could exploit. Radar seemed to be fairly familiar with the place, and he navigated around the area with ease. Border security was nil, so at least they didn’t have to deal with that. Not that security seemed to mean jack squat these days anyway. 
	The only bad thing about having some residual infrastructure was that there was also still some sense of community, meaning people still gathered and talked. After depositing the survivors at one of the still functioning medical shelters, Radar had taken them to one of the local restaurants to try and get ahold of some information and a way to contact the outside world. The radio was still fried from the rain, and they hadn’t had any luck making contact with anyone. They were both starved for information, and now that immediate survival was taken care of, Xero was antsy to figure out what the fuck she was going to do about the Ketocillin. 
	The Saturn Disco had to be nearly 100 years old. It had been remodeled and repaired numerous times during its lifespan, but remnants of another century could still be seen within the elements of the tacky restaurant’s décor. Everything was blue and white and covered in cheesy planetary decorations—bad models of space ships and planets with peeling paint jobs hung from the ceilings, and retro space ornaments plastered every wall. The place was dirty, its blue Formica tables cracked and peeling, the white booth seats torn and smeared with decades of grease and ass stains. It was packed with agitated patrons and she was second guessing how wise it had been to park themselves in there. 
	Radar had insisted on just pulling the crawler up to the front of the joint and leaving it there—he said it would help with the intimidation factor and might make someone think twice about trying to get the drop on some out-of-towners. If there was a military vehicle involved, they were likely to be armed with lasers too. With all the chaos going on, she wished that she had been able to recover Delta and Echo’s lasers so that they would both be armed, but she had never even found Echo’s body. 
	Speaking of which, their weapons were now technically unauthorized, so perhaps it was best that an undocumented mercenary wasn’t in possession of a government laser. She needed to make contact with the Phoenix dome as soon as possible so that they didn’t think she was part of these rebel attacks on the domes. Officially speaking, they were also AWOL and in possession of cargo that could be considered stolen. Not that it seemed like there was really any time to be tracking down such trivial crap like a load of missing cargo while major terrorist attacks were happening, but she’d seen the dome governments do stranger things. She couldn’t afford a trip back to a dome prison, and she also couldn’t really afford to sever her official ties with the domes just to stay out of jail for a weekend. Sometimes, whether she liked it or not, you just had to play by the rules. 
	Radar was leaning with his back to the wall with one of his legs stretched out across the booth seat. Xero sat across from him with her feet straight forward and her arms crossed. The place was crammed full of people talking, eating, and arguing amongst themselves about what had happened at Yuma. 
	“You seem to be enjoying yourself,” she said. 
	“It’s good to see Gila Bend so active still—look at the agitation and the community spirit. They’re still ready to band together and fight. You don’t see that in the flats very often. They’re not ready to just roll over and die,” he said. “Also, it’s a perfect place to gather information. It’s all here, we just have to wait and listen.” 
	She unfolded her arms, leaned forward onto the table, and twirled a grimy half-full salt shaker in her fingers. “Point taken,” she said. She was enough of a well-known personality that word would have spread that she was in town trolling around in a government crawler sooner or later. She was far from being above scare-tactics or strong-arming, and she had no problem being up in people’s faces for the purposes of getting vital information. 
	A jaded waitress slumped over to their table wearing a stained white apron. She was middle-aged and had poorly dyed red hair. 
	“Hey Radar, what are you having today,” she said evenly, as though the place wasn’t crawling with turmoil and it was just like any other day at work. Her eyes briefly flicked over to Xero before quickly moving back to her waitresses notepad. “Who’s yer lady friend.” 
	“Trudy, this is Xero—we crossed paths while I was evacuating Yuma,” he said. 
	Trudy tapped her foot. “Good for you. You want the usual?” she said. Xero was surprised that the waitress didn’t really seem to give a shit that a major territory boss was chilling out in a booth in her restaurant. 
	He nodded and handed an old laminated menu back to Trudy. His fingers left streaks on the grime coating the surface of the plastic. 
	“How about your lady friend?” she said. 
	Xero had to stifle a laugh—she couldn’t remember the last time she’d been called someone’s fucking lady friend. “I’ll have the same,” she said, not really giving a shit about what kind of food came out. Whatever it was, it was probably better than what they had eaten the day before. 
	The waitress walked off without another word and Xero turned back to Radar. The first rays of the morning sun were slicing through the window and falling on the right half of his face. With his face spotlighted she noticed that his tanned face was also marked with a network of old, faded scars. This wasn’t his first rodeo. 
	He noticed her staring at his face, but she didn’t break eye contact. “So you’re a regular here,” she said. 
	He shifted so that his face was out of the direct path of the sunlight. “You could say that. Gila Bend is on many of my regular routes,” he said. 
	It made sense—her organization didn’t have much penetration out this way, so it was a definite area that would be appealing for independent operators. 
	“I’m not trying to be ungrateful here, but we’re kind of pressed for time, and I don’t know if we’re really using our time wisely here,” she said. There was a lot of talk going on, but she couldn’t really make anything comprehensible or useful out of the din. 
	He swung his left leg back onto the floor and straightened his posture. “Patience is a virtue, you know. Trust me—I’ve got great hearing, we’ll catch some useful information, and I think you’ll be very happy with our meal,” he said. 
	Xero scoffed and wanted to argue, but this was clearly his turf, and she knew from experience that arguing with someone more familiar with a territory often didn’t end well. “You have some fucked up priorities,” she said. 
	He just grinned and looked around at the pandemonium in the restaurant. “No one has ever accused me of being normal,” he said. 
	She scrunched her mouth into a hard line. “Speaking of which, I’m not one to really pry into someone’s secret business, but I think there’s a big fucking elephant in the room I’d like to address, given that it looks like we’re going to be working together for a little while longer,” she said. 
	He leaned back into the corner again and breathed loudly. 
	“I don’t need gory details, I just want the essentials,” she said. 
	He looked around and flipped forward suddenly, tearing a chunk of the vinyl booth as it stuck to his gritty jacket before he came to a stop halfway across the table, inches from Xero’s face. 
	“I suppose this is as good a place as any to talk. No one’s going to hear jack shit in here with all this ruckus going on,” he said. “What do you want to know?” 
	“Just two things. I want to know how you shocked my ass when we were in the dead zones, and I want to know how you’re able to get around like a professional runner if you say you’re not from the pits,” she said.  
	“It’s actually one answer for both questions. I’m part robot,” he said. 
	She burst out laughing, slapping her hands against the cracked table hard enough to make spilled salt bounce into the air. “That’s a good one buddy, I’ll give it to you for creativity,” she said. 
	She raised her eyes again to meet his gaze, expecting him to start laughing with her, but he held his face still like weathered statue. She cleared her throat and lowered her voice. “What? You’ve got to be kidding—cybernetics were outlawed when I was a kid,” she said. After a series of unfortunate incidents, rising paranoia about the power of machines had caused the government to make a series of serious mandates limiting implantable cyborg technology. Penalties were so severe that even in the pits they didn’t mess with that kind of technology, as anyone caught with substantial implantable cybernetics would be executed immediately.
	He tipped his head forward and kept his voice low. “There’s more than one reason that I prefer to be an independent contractor. In any event, I think we have enough intel on each other to make it clear that our mutual data will remain totally discreet” he said. 
	She smirked and lowered her head to the same level. “Absolutely discreet,” she said, paused, and shook her head. “Man, that is seriously fucking crazy though. Motherfucking robot mercenary.” 
	He let out a small puff of air and ran a hand through his hair. “That is one way to put it. In any event, since it may come up at some point, I am kind of like the ultimate runner because I have artificial lungs, and a few other modifications that give me certain…advantages,” he said.  
	Illegal cybernetics or not, she wanted him even more for the Grease Weasels. Considering the havoc going on in the world, they needed as many extraordinary abilities on their side as possible.  
	“Like turning yourself into a human Taser,” she said. 	
	He turned his palms upward. “Amongst other things,” he said. 
	“I’m liking you more and more as time goes by,” she said. “One of these days, you’re going to have to tell me how that all went down. I’m sure it’s a great story.” 
	He sat up straighter so that he wasn’t mad-dogging her so intensely. “I take it you’d like to keep me around for awhile longer then,” he said. 
	“You’re a cool cat, Radar. I wouldn’t be sad if you stuck around—I figure we could both use some good allies right about now anyway,” she said and closed her eyes, listening to the sound of the mob escalating in volume. As the sun rose higher in the sky, the restaurant began heaving with an overflow of bodies. Despite the growing crowd, their booth in the back of the restaurant seemed to have a protective bubble around it, as though everyone was reflexively avoiding the mercenary and the cartel leader. Whether they were recognized or not, they just seemed like the wrong kind of characters to mess with. 
	Trudy the waitress tromped back towards their table carrying two huge plates of meat, two pieces of lemon meringue pie, and big mugs of coffee, somehow managing not to spill anything as she bounced her way around the increasingly rowdy throb of patrons.  She slung the plates and mugs across the table and all of the food remained on the plates still. Amazingly, nothing spilled. Trudy had skills. With a grunt and a nod but no words she waded back into the fray of the restaurant. 
	She couldn’t remember the last time she’d had real coffee—for some reason that loser Xed hadn’t had any at his swanky casa, and it smelled and tasted amazing. She sucked half of it down in one go, not giving a shit that it singed her tongue. The rest of her body was already burned to some degree, may as well finish the job in the name of a good cause. The big plates were covered with what looked like turkey and mashed potatoes smothered in gravy. It didn’t look particularly appetizing, and it was certainly primarily sythmeals, but it was crafted to look and smell like real food, and that was a step above the nasty packaged slop. 
	She slid the plate over the uneven Formica table, but found it snagged on what she thought was an especially big crack. With another tug she revealed that it was a tiny manila envelope, and with a quick jingle and she knew it was keys. 
	“Is this what I think it is?” she said
	He laced his fingers together. “Would I ever let you down?” he said. 
	She poked a finger at his chest. “You, sir, are a stranger to me, but you have an honest face. You wanna tell me where to stick these?” she asked. 
	He pointed to a back store room. “Where the sun don’t shine, naturally,” he said. 

	After traversing a creepy and dirty network of surprisingly labyrinthine back hallways, she came upon an impressive array of communication devices. Jackpot. She’d hit the mother load. They needed one of these in the Casa Grande flats—too bad Gila Bend was too far away from Phoenix for the government to move their staging area here—it would have made everything so much easier. She found her mind wandering off track. It would almost be worth expanding her distribution network further out here with the help of Radar just to have this kind of communication set up. Shaking her head to literally chase away those thoughts, she tried to focus on the tasks at hand. There were a thousand other problems to solve first, and kid in a candy store didn’t begin to cover her lust for the primo transmission gizmos. It was enough to make her forget that the store room smelled like decades of old grease and rat shit. 
	Her excitement faded when she realized that the information she had for the Grease Weasels back home would devastate Milo. She had been going over scenarios to try and get ahold of more Ketocillin, but there were no good options. The only other place she knew that was actively stocking it at the moment was New Orleans, and dealing with shit down there was extremely complicated. She wasn’t on great terms with the dome folks or the pit leader, and shit never went well when she had to do anything down in bayou country. Some of her accomplishments of the last week actually included meeting Xed and Radar—perhaps they would be new connections that would continue to be fruitful. 
	She hadn’t thought that she would be able to contact Xed until after she’d gotten back to the pits—it was much harder making a discreet call into the domes from an unsecure location without the right kind of equipment that one didn’t just find laying about. However, the unexpectedly robust equipment changed that, and she made the decision to try and get ahold of Xed first. 
	“Xero. Where are you?” he said, and she was taken aback by the concern in his voice. Boys. You fucked ‘em once, and they got all attached.  
	“I take it you got wind of the fiasco in Yuma,” she said. 
	“Absolutely. It’s chaos out there, but the military and media are doing their best to keep any of that info out of Phoenix. I can’t say I’m happy. I have operatives out there that I’ve lost contact with, and I haven’t been able to get anyone else on the ground to check it out. Do you have any intel you can share with me?” he asked. 
	“Not much, unfortunately,” she said and brought him up to speed on her adventures since departing from his place in the dome. 
	“Jesus. Well, I’m glad you came out alright,” he said. She hadn’t elaborated on the parts about Radar. Just as she’d been about to tell him about that portion of the story, she realized that she’d never really talked about Xed with Radar, other than confirming that they didn’t work together. In these circles, you never could be too careful. Your friend could very well be someone else’s mortal enemy, and loose lips could do more than just sink the damned ship. 
	“Barely, but I’ll take it, considering if I’d gotten to Yuma a few hours earlier than planned I’d have been toast,” she said, laughing when an awkward pause reminded her of why she’d left later in the first place. Turned out fucking Xed that last few times before getting on her way had been a really great decision. She still wasn’t sure about the rest of him, but he wasn’t a bad fuck. 
	“Now what will you do?” he said calmly. 
	“I was hoping you might have some suggestions, actually. I can figure out a way to get back to the Tucson pits, but I’m shit out of luck for Ketocillin,” she said. 
	There was silence on the other side of the line, and she waited for him to speak up. He cleared his throat. “Not to be too judgmental here or anything, but aren’t you not seeing the forest for the trees a bit here? We’ve had one of the biggest terrorist acts of the century go down, and we don’t know who or what might be next,” he said. 
	She scoffed. “Look, the world might be burning down around us, but there’s not much I can do about that right now. What I do know is that one of my comrades is dying, and I’m not going to let that go while I still have a chance to do something about it,” she said. 
	“You’re quite the admirable leader,” he said and she laughed a little too loudly. She didn’t think there was any way someone could hear her over the cacophony out in the dining room, but that was no reason to be careless. 
	“I don’t think anyone’s ever called me admirable before, but I’ll take the compliment. So. You got any bright ideas?” she said. 
	“If you’re game, I think we might be able to do a little bit of business. I want to figure out why whole cities are blowing up, and you want to save your associate. I’ll help you get to some Ketocillin, if you agree to help me find your buddy, Calavera. Somehow her skeletons are involved, and from what I have gathered she hasn’t been seen by anyone in over a week. If we can get her hands on her, or at least figure out what happened to her body, we might have some answers. I’m not exactly sentimental for these domes, but I don’t want to be inside one when it blows up, that’s for sure,” he said. 
	She stopped and thought about it. She wanted to find Calavera and kick her fucking ass anyway. Even if she didn’t have anything to do with the Yuma explosion, her skeletons had royally jacked up her whole goddamn week, and that wasn’t something she was going to let go without consequences. Getting help rustling up some Ketocillin in the process was just a big fat cherry on top of the sundae. Giving morons a good ass kicking wasn’t something she needed any prompting to do anyway. 
	After working out some of the details, she ended the transmission with Xed, feeling more hopeful about her prospects for the near future. With that business taken care of she was able to make the unpleasant call to Milo telling him what had happened. He’d already gotten word from their operatives about what had happened in Yuma, and he knew something was wrong when she dropped out of communication in the middle of the day. 
	“You’re alive!” Milo said in their code language when he picked up the call. 
	“I feel like we’ve been through this before,” she said. 
	“Well it keeps being relevant,” he said. She tried to feign annoyance, but it was kind of nice betting fretted over. Good to know someone still gave a damn. 
	She brought him up to speed again on their current status and her new plan to get some Ketocillin with Xed’s assistance. 
	“I don’t know if I like having to trust some stranger with Trina’s life,” Milo said, nearly whining. 
	“Do we really have much of a choice?” she said. “I’ll keep brainstorming in the meantime. Xed said that it would take a little bit of time to get back in touch with me once he was done nailing down the details. In the meantime, I’m going to get my ass back to the flats. I want all eyes and ears on the lookout for Calavera and Argon—we need to find them. Even if it’s just their corpses, I want to see bodies.” 
	Milo agreed with the plan and they resolved to put the tentative put things into motion. Once she’d dealt with the issue of the crawlers they’d find a good way to get Xero back to the pits where she could join the hunt in earnest. She knew Milo wasn’t comfortable with the plan, but neither was she—they just didn’t have a choice at the moment. 
	Her next call was jumbled and strange, and she was put on hold and passed around over half a dozen times before anyone would actually stay on the line for more than a few seconds. Eventually, she managed to convey the situation to someone with enough authority that would actually be able to give her authorization to deal with the cargo. The chaos actually worked in favor, and they agreed to most of what she had hoped for. They were striking the cargo and the crawlers from the record and releasing the gear as a casualty. As long as she submitted proper documentation for the losses they would be accounted for as acts of nature and war. 
	She conveniently didn’t bother to mention that she had maintained possession of her laser, but they wouldn’t have expected her to return to a home base of operations across the dead zones without a weapon. It was about as good of an outcome as she could have hoped for, and she secretly wondered if Xed might have had something to do with the smoothness of the process. No reason to look a gift horse in the mouth. 
	She cut off transmissions with the dome and clenched one fist. Finally she was feeling a tenuous control over the situation. If they all didn’t blow up in the next terrorist attack, there just might be hope for them after all. Either that, or they would become giant shish kabobs in the next explosion. 
CHAPTER 16
	The room smelled as old as it really was, but the fact that they had a real, functioning hotel room in the first place was fairly amazing. It was connected to the back of the restaurant and shared its same unfortunately cheesy space décor. Ironic, because all space programs had ceased decades ago, and there were hardly even any satellites left in the sky. Peeling planet and star decals were clinging desperately to the walls and ceiling. 
	“Damn, that’s a really big scar,” Xero said. 
	“That’ll happen when your lungs are ripped out of your chest,” Radar said. 
	She dragged a ragged fingernail along the smooth line of old scar tissue that ran all the way down his ribcage. He was propped up in surprisingly clean hotel bed with his head resting on a stack of yellowed but fresh pillows. The faded blue sheets were tucked up to his belly button and a thin sheet of sweat coated his tan skin. He looked timeless to her somehow, like he could have been wandering the desert for decades without aging. 
	She flipped on top of him, her legs straddling his waist, her figure casting a shadow across him, the dim and bare lamp bulb illuminating her sagging Mohawk. Leaning down, she followed the same track along the scar with her tongue, licking back up the slick indentation and ending with a kiss on his mouth. 
	“Tell me about how it happened,” she said. 
	He folded his arms up behind his head, the grooves in his arm muscles highlighted in deep shadows. “You want to hear how I was sliced open and my lungs were cut out of my body?” he asked. 
	She bared her teeth and wiggled playfully. “Yeah, tell me the tale of your suffering. Hearing about someone’s greatest misery tells me more about them than anything else,” she said. 
	“You’re a twisted fuck, aren’t you?” he said and grabbed her wrists. 
	She used gravity to push his hands backwards against the headboard. He still gripped her wrists, but she had his arms pinned. “I’ve been accused of worse things,” she said and waited. 
	“My parents were born in the flats, but when I was born, I wasn’t able to breathe the air out there. I was meant for the domes. They had the choice of giving me up, or finding a way to make me able to live in the flats. 
	She released his hands and he let go of her wrists. “Ah, one of the lucky children,” she said. 
	“Cursed is more like it, but yeah according to dome propaganda I would be one of the lucky ones,” he said. “Problem was, in those days there were social service authorization issues. If my parents weren’t allowed into the domes, then there wasn’t anyone to take care of me. I would be another burden to the system. As much as my parents would have liked to keep me, they wouldn’t have doomed me to die slowly and painfully, but they didn’t really have a choice. They couldn't get my Zone Pass approved to be adopted into the domes,” he said. 
	“That’s sad, man,” she said. “But you look like you came out okay in the end.” 
	He shook his head. “It’s not quite that simple. My parents were engineers, brilliant engineers in fact. Before the exiles they were responsible for a lot of the automated and cybernetic technologies that got the domes going in the first place. But once the mandate against any intelligent machines or implantable technologies that might lead to true cyborgs came into being, they were tossed out of the domes and most of their inventions were systematically destroyed. They knew they could build me artificial lungs, but they would have been executed if they’d caught doing something like that in the flats,” he said. 
	Strands of his jet black hair had fallen across his eyes and she brushed it away from his forehead. “So they hauled it out to the pits,” she said. 
	He smiled, but there was sadness to it. “They sacrificed a lot for me,” he said simply. 
	She clicked her tongue in understanding. “This is your hometown,” she said, and it wasn’t a question. 
	He nodded. “In a manner of speaking. I guess this is where I was reborn in a way, and I’ve spent a lot of time here working as a mercenary and otherwise. It’s not quite as crowded as Yuma was, and I always liked it. People here are friendly but discreet. It’s a good place,” he said. 
	She poked at his nose. “So tell me the end of the story. I want all the gritty details,” she said. 
	“Jesus, you’re merciless. You can guess,” he said. 
	She scoffed. “Come on. You’re a big boy, you can handle it. I like to get to know the people I work intimately with,” she said and ground her crotch into his hips. 
	He rolled his eyes. “My parents put me through hell, and I almost died a lot of times while they tried to get the cybernetics right in an environment that wasn’t exactly equipped for advanced shit like that. Gila Bend was nice as far as the pits back then, and even now it’s still pretty decent for a flat, but it’s still no place to do experimental organ transplant on a child,” he said. 
	“There’s something you’re leaving out,” she said. “You didn’t get that final pair of lungs from your parents, and you didn’t get those additional modifications from them either, did you?”
	“You’re sharp, but a man’s got to keep some secrets. You’re right though, I’ll give you that. They died when I was very young.” he said. 
	She cocked her head to the side. “That doesn’t make any sense. If they figured out how to replace your lungs, why not do it to each other?” she said. 
	“Who said they didn’t?” he said. 
	It took a moment, but Xero let out a sigh of understanding. “Ah, so they were caught,” she said. 
	His face became hard and his eyes got a blank, faraway look in them. “They were already under suspicion due to their known history in cybernetic engineering. So there you go. I think that’s more than enough information for one night,” he said. 
	She wanted to keep pressing him for details about how exactly he managed to avoid being exterminated himself, or how he ended up with adult-sized cybernetic lungs, but she decided to let it be for the moment. She had a good sense for when she had pushed someone too far, and there was nothing to be gained by shoving Radar over the brink. 
	She tapped a finger on his chest between his clavicles. “That’ll do for now,” she said. 
	“I’m not sure what I signed up for if the people on your crew are anything like you,” he said. 
	She shifted around on top of him. “Don’t worry, I’m probably the worst of the bunch and I promise you’ll make enough money working with me to make it more than worth your while,” she said, thinking to herself that Neptune might actually be worse than her, but he would find that out for himself if everything went right. 
	He grunted and rolled, tossing her onto the other side of the bed and landing straddled across her abdomen.
	“If we’re all not dead before that,” he said and stared down at her. 
	She reached up and tickled his navel. He giggled, caught off guard, and it was bizarre to hear such a frivolous sound coming from such a serious face.  
	“We could all die tomorrow, but until then, you may as well gather as much money and power as you can,” she said. 
	He smirked, leaned down, and kissed her. “I think we’ll get along just fine,” he said. 
	He ran the broad side of his thick rough thumb across her forehead, rubbing off a smudge of dirt. “Sorry the shower’s busted right now. Lotta jacked up plumbing in this area,” he said.
	She rolled her eyes. “Of course it is. Bitch can’t catch a break in this century,” she said.  
CHAPTER 17
	“Honey, I’m home!” Xero called. 
	“Boss!” Milo yelled and came running up to the door. His shaggy, naturally red hair came down just past his chin, and the sprinkling of freckles across his nose made him look much younger than he really was. The dark circles under his eyes hinted at what a heavy burden he actually carried as the territory area’s medical director. 
	They were in their main bunker, an old bowling alley just outside the remains of the freeway. Previously called “Golden Lanes” in another era, the faded logo still peeked out layers of corrosion and dust on various surfaces of the building. They stood in the main hall, which they used for team meetings, band practice, and more importantly actual bowling.
	Xero had just come through the bunker’s main door with Radar not far behind her. Ignoring the other man, Milo flung his arms wide to embrace Xero, but stopped after seeing the rough condition of her skin. “Ah jeez Xero, you didn’t tell me how fucked up you were,” he said. 
	She scratched her head sheepishly. “Yeah, it’s been a fuckin’ rough week for sure,” she said. 
	Milo shook his head disapprovingly. “I’ve got one Grease Weasel MIA, Trina’s down hard with the zaps, and you’re out there playing rodeo clown,” he said. “I’m going to have to drag you down to the infirmary for the night, make sure you didn’t pick up any nasty infections—some of those wounds aren’t looking so good.” 
	“You really know how to throw a welcome home party,” she said. 
	“I aim to please,” he replied and stuck his hands in his pockets. He was wearing a pair of ripped jeans and a faded green and red flannel shirt, making him look far more like a juvenile band groupie rather than an important medical professional. But when they were performing in concert he fit right in, and you never would have guessed his true age or responsibilities. 
	Looking past Xero, he walked forward and extended his hand towards Radar. 
	“Sorry for the bad manners. My name’s Milo—I hear you saved our boss’ hide out there. Welcome to the Grease Weasels,” he said. 
	Radar shook his hand. “Glad to be of service. This is the first time I’ve ever been to the Tucson pits. You guys have some pretty impressive security here,” he said. 
	It was damned hard breaking into their territory, and even with the big cheese along for the ride, clearing a new immigrant into the area had taken some time. 
	“We don’t fuck around,” a short woman said as she emerged from a door behind Radar’s back. 
	“Indeed,” Radar said. 
	“Thanks, I run a tight ship,” the woman said and ran a hand through her cropped black hair. 
	 Radar extended his hand again. “Name’s Radar,” he said. 
	“Neptune. I handle security around here,” she said. 
	She was probably half Radar’s height, but when she gripped his hand, she used her surprising strength to physically pull him closer. “I hear you’re an engineer,” she said. 
	He took her aggressive introduction in stride. “I am indeed. Pleased to meet you,” he said. His eyes wandered to the bowling lanes. “Do those things still work?” 
	“Absolutely,” Neptune said. 
	Neptune kept those lanes going like they were new. She also made sure the interior was kept clean—most of the wood and vinyl surfaces had been restored, and if you walked in unawares, you wouldn’t even know you were actually in the middle of an exile’s wasteland. That is, except for the shoe rental stand that had been transformed into a weapons rack. Then again, Tucson had always been a little rough around the edges to begin with. 
	Radar nodded his approval. “Nice restoration. I don’t remember the last time I saw a working lane,” he said. 
	“We don’t fuck around when it comes to recreation,” she said. 
	With Neptune still gripping his hand he leaned forward and said, “I don’t fuck around when it comes to anything.” 
	Neptune smiled and released his hand. “You’ll do. Remind me to show you some of our toys one of these days, once you’ve proved your salt,” she said. 
	“I’m always up for anything that involves tools,” he said. 
	Milo stamped his foot on the floor. “You guys are such hard asses. He already proved his salt by saving our boss’ ass,” he said. “Alright Neptune, why don’t you find Radar a room where he can get cleaned up, and then see if you can round up some food to eat. I’m going to take Xero down to the clinic to make sure she’s not slowly dying of another flesh eating bacteria attack or something else she picked up in the flats,” he said. 
	Xero crossed her arms over her chest and rolled her eyes. “Are you fucking serious? You want to drag me all the way down to the university clinic?” she said. 
	Milo just looked at her, waiting for the tantrum to pass. He was probably the only one that could get away with telling her what to do like that. 
	She threw up her hands. “Oh fine, I know you won’t fucking stop nagging me until I go, and I’ll never get any peace and quiet,” she said. 
	Milo nodded resolutely. “Trust me, debriding some of those wounds will be a lot less uncomfortable in an actual clinic. Once you’re cleared and everyone is clean and fed, we can powwow to talk about our next move,” he said. 
	Xero took a step back and raised both eyebrows. “Look at you stepping up and being a leader,” she said. 
	Milo blushed but then straightened up and took a proud breath. “Well someone had to run this place while you were off gallivanting around,” he said. 
	She put a hand on his shoulder. “You done good Milo, you done good,” she said and sighed. “Meanwhile, I’ve basically been fucking up shit left and right.” 
	Milo looked her up and down. “Give yourself a break—have you taken a look in the mirror recently? You look like death,” he said. 
	Neptune nodded and rocked back onto the heels of her studded black combat boots. “Sorry to say this boss, but you look like shit,” she said. 
	Xero threw up her hands. “Alright already, I get it, I get it. I’ll go to the clinic. And please, someone fucking tell me our shower facilities are working,” she said. 
	Neptune gave her a thumbs up. “All systems are operational,” she said. 
	“Thank fucking god,” Xero said. 
CHAPTER 18
	After enduring more poking and prodding and any number of uncomfortable things from Milo down at the University clinic, Xero was almost too exhausted to make it back to take the long awaited shower. The university had been abandoned around the times of the revolution, and they had done some significant work to restore and use the facilities for a variety of things. There were a great deal of abandoned labs with all kinds of useful equipment and supplies that they had been able to refurbish, and the entire university medical clinic had been up for grabs. While Golden Lanes was their home base, the university was really the true hub of their business operation. Milo ran the clinic that kept everyone alive, and his services were used far too frequently, which kept him constantly busy. The campus was also the source of their main revenue stream—Alphamine. It’s amazing the fun you can have with abandoned chemistry labs. 
	“Jesus Christ that fucking hurt,” she said. She laid her head back against the clean exam table. The small room was sparsely furnished—just the exam table, an instrument tray, a bright overhead light, and a doctor’s stool, but everything was immaculately clean, which was an immense feat out in the pits. They took pride in keeping their shit together. 
	He had finally stopped stabbing her with what seemed like an endless line of injections, some of which left burning sensations crawling and creeping over her skin and in her veins. The injections along with a some Machiavellian scrubbing and debriding of some of the peeling burns and damaged tissue, it felt like her whole body was on fire. A long IV needle was throbbing in the crook of an elbow because of Milo’s insisting that she needed to hydrate to help with lost blood volume and to speed healing of some of the remaining chemical burns.  
	 “Sorry about that,” he said. “After the last time you picked up that shit that you brought back from the flats and it spread to other people, I don’t really want to take any chances. Our numbers are dwindling as it is.” 
	“Point taken,” she said. She wasn’t exactly in a hurry to have another month long battle with flesh-eating microbes anyway. 
	“You sure you don’t want any pain medication?” he said. 
	She put her hands over her face, the light from the doctor’s lamp searing through her palms and closed eyelids. “I had a moment of weakness out there in the dead zones, but we’re not in mortal peril now, so I’ll pass. You know how I am,” she said. 
	She could hear the sounds of him cleaning up needles, gauze, blood, and sutures. “Yeah I do, you’re a fucking eternal pain in the ass, Xero the queen of the desert” he said and laughed. 
	“The one and only,” she said, laughing along with him. She sat up again, stifling more than one groan. “Seriously, though. Thanks for watching over shit down here. I couldn’t have done a better job myself.” 
	He stopped his cleanup, a sad looking falling over his face. “I’m doing the best I can,” he said, and she knew what he was talking about. 
	“But it’s not enough,” she said. “I know. I’m sorry we failed, but I honestly wasn’t expecting a major terrorist event to fuck our shit over. When we get back to base we’ll figure out what our next move is.” 
	He turned his back and began washing his hands. “Do you want to see her?” he said softly. 
	She scooted further towards the “I was going to ask you if I could, but I don’t want to make things worse,” she said. 
	He dropped his head and shook it back and forth, still facing towards the sink. “It doesn’t matter. She’s intubated and unconscious,” he said. 

	She followed him down the hallway, dragging the IV pole behind her. The hallways were dark until they triggered dim lights that flashed on and turned off once they’d passed. Ostensibly all the flats and pits were still under dark sky law. Enforcement of the dark sky laws was shoddy at best, but it was one set of statutes that Xero didn’t mind enforcing. They had worked really hard to become essentially energy independent—they had one of the largest solar arrays in the country, along with some sporadic wind and biofuel options that let them have power for what they needed when they wanted it. 
	However, that wasn’t any reason to just squander their energy. They were constantly under threat of attack from marauders, and other rival cartels that would love to steal their resources. Other issues such as weather hazards could also take a bite out of their energy resources at any moment. Instead of taking their cues from some of the smarter pits, the domes and flats were still squandering their energy, using resources that couldn’t be replaced, keeping the streets lit up like old world Christmas trees, as though the great fall had never happened. It was just smarter to design your community to be as efficient and ecologically sound as possible. Plus, the sky always looked so much better under dark sky laws—some nights you could even see stars through the usual haze. 
	“It’s awfully quiet,” she said as she loped along the dim hallway. 
	“That’s because I have this whole wing roped off as a private section for security purposes, as well as just for the sake of selfishness. I want this wing ready to go for injured Grease Weasels, meaning it needs to be empty and easy to secure, and I also just wanted Trina to have privacy,” he said. 
	Their shadows flickered and danced like an old reel to reel movie under the oscillating lights. 
	“Well you sure made certain that it looks creepy and menacing. It’s got that whole thing goin’ for it,” Xero said. 
	Milo shot her a look and she gave a conciliatory shrug in his direction. At the end of the hallway she could hear sounds of a respirator pumping in and out and a brighter light shone out through the doorway. She followed him inside and a stab of anger shredded its way through her heart. Trina was laying motionless in the hospital bed, connected to innumerable tubes and wires, her chest gently rising and falling with a steady, even pulse. 
	The room smelled like death. 
	She looked like Sleeping Beauty or Snow White, with her bleached blond hair spread out around her pillow like damp seaweed. She had been sick long enough that several inches of her dark roots were showing. Her almond shaped eyes looked like they were they were moving underneath her lids, but her pale lips were deathly motionless where they pursed around the grey ventilator tube. 
	“She’s not contagious like that—the spores are deep in her lungs and it’s all being processed by the ventilator,” he said, perhaps noticing Xero’s hesitation to get any closer. She wasn’t afraid of death or contagion. She was afraid of boiling over with anger at seeing one of her best friends incapacitated like that while she was paralyzed to do anything about it because some asshole had decided to blow up a whole goddamn dome. 
	She took several deep breaths and approached the bedside where she put her hands around Trina’s cold fingers. “Don’t worry, my friend. We won’t let you go out like this. The cavalry is on it’s way,” she said and thought she saw some response in the movements of Trina’s eyes. She was probably imagining it, but she liked the thought that Trina might be still in there, awake and fighting. 
	She turned to Milo who was standing fixed in place, quiet tears tumbling down his freckled face. He looked like a child looking death in its terrible face hundreds of times, even though the truth was he’d seen hundreds, thousands of people die in his lifetime. He wasn’t a fighter by nature, but when put into a corner, Milo would fight and kill with the best of them. 
	She put a hand on his shoulder. “Get this thing out of my arm so we can get back to base. Time’s wasting,” she said. 
CHAPTER 19
	Despite the fire that had been lit under her ass after seeing Trina hovering on the brink of death, Milo had perhaps the better sense that they wouldn’t be able to head out immediately anyway, and everyone still needed food and rest to make sure they were at their most clear-headed. To that effect he’d chased her off to the showers where she got the first hot water she’d had since leaving Xed’s house. In this case the water was extra therapeutic seeing as how it was also the first shower she’d had since being doused in the chemical rain. True, when they were at the clinic Milo had basically scrubbed every inch of her body down with almost embarrassing thoroughness, but it wasn’t the same as actually washing some of the hundreds of less than pleasant odors out of her hair. The warm water burned on her already raw body, and Milo had cautioned her to take a cool dip, if nothing else, but she didn’t really give a fuck. 
	In their absence Neptune had given Radar access to the facilities as well, and she had helped him rid his clothes of some of the same horrendous road dirt and flats sludge that had attacked them both over the last few days. Radar seemed to think they were all too fussy, but like Milo had said, you let the filth sink in too long and before you knew it you had a bigger problem than you could handle. Like a bacteria that turned your skin into a black slurry. Necrotizing fasciitis would seriously ruin your month. 
	Neptune had also scrounged together some relatively decent food, which was impressive considering there were various essential foodstuffs that she had intended to bring back from Yuma, but of course that hadn’t gone down the way she’d intended. Using what had been the alley’s snack stand, she put together some burgers and hotdogs made of synthmeat, and even managed to slap a few real vegetables on the patties. She made a mental note to check into their growing agriculture program to see if there was any way they could increase their crop yield. 
	They all sat around a big table in front of the old shoe rental stand that was now festooned with weapons. Strategy meetings could leave you lost in thought, and it was never a bad idea to caucus within easy reach of some destructive weaponry.  Radar had finally taken off his gloves and trench coat, something she’d only seen happen so far when they’d been busy screwing. He probably would have left his gloves on then too, but Xero had forced him to take them off since the smelly rough leather dragging across her brutalized skin wasn’t exactly a turn on. Xero was finally back in her usual garb—black fishnet shirt covered by a hot pink leather vest that matched Neptune’s shirt, and a ripped pair of black jeans. Her Mohawk was finally gelled right and the neon green strands fanned out in a semicircle around her head. It gave her several extra inches of height, and she always felt more powerful when the Mohawk was at full mast.
	The long pipe had still come along with Rader after Xero spent an eternity assuring the guards that it was okay for him to bring it in. Neptune had them trained well, even if she was somewhat annoyed by her enforcer’s not obeying her orders. That was the way they had agreed to train them though—border security was to follow Neptune’s instructions first and foremost, and if there was a good enough reason they could even override Xero’s commands in favor of Neptune’s. Being able to trust the other Grease Weasels was one of the reasons they’d been so successful up to that point. 
	“Hey there chief, I know we just met and Xero gave you the okay, but you’re on my turf, and policy says no outsiders get weapons around the negotiation table,” Neptune said, trying to use her most diplomatic tone, and motioned towards the pipe with her chin. “If you could just surrender it for the moment, that would be great.” 
	Radar looked her dead in the eye and said calmly, “No.” 
	Neptune cleared her throat and looked at Xero who just cocked her head, gauging the situation. From what she’d seen of either of them, she wasn’t actually certain who would come out on top in a fight. She had to squash morbid curiosity for the sake of time and peacekeeping—if circumstances had been different, she wouldn’t have minded watching the two duke it out. 
	“I trust him—he could have killed me days ago if that’s what he wanted. It’s just a pipe,” Xero said. 
	Neptune stood up, her face turning red. She had fixed herself up as well, and was wearing a clean hot pink tank top and black cargo pants. Her pixie haircut was spiked up high and a large smear of purple eye shadow ringed her eyes, making them look even bigger than they already were. 
	Xero put a hand up to Neptune and turned to Radar. “Look dude, I don’t like being unarmed either, but do you think you could do me a solid and just give Neptune the fucking stick?” she said. 
	He met her eyes, his gaze soft and composed. “No,” he said. “Sorry.” 
	Neptune took a few steps around the table. “Look buddy, I don’t know who you think you are, but we don’t let a lot of bitches in here and show them this kind of hospitality in the first place, but we especially don’t deal well with rudeness and bullshit. I’m going to give you to the count of three to hand over that fucking pipe peacefully,” she said. 
	Xero put a hand to her forehead. Neptune wasn’t wrong, and she was being smarter about the situation than Xero had been, but Xero was known for relying on her impressions of people. Her work as a psychiatrist had made her a savvy judge of character, and she was rarely wrong in her assumptions. However, in this time of heightened danger, extra caution was never a bad idea. Still, Neptune was such a fucking hardass, and Xero knew that no intervention would make her cool off. Some things just had to play out.  
	Neptune counted to three and made a grab for Radar’s pipe that was leaning precariously against the side of his chair. He didn’t try to take it out of her reach. Instead, he just reached back and put his hand around it. 
	“Neptune, don’t,” Xero said and tried to keep her friend from grabbing the metal pipe, but Neptune was far too fast. 
	There was a scream as Neptune’s hand made contact with the metal and she fell flat on the floor. Radar stood and backed up a few feet. 
	“Neptune!” Milo yelled and came around the table to inspect his fallen friend. Neptune was already sitting back up again. She shook her head a few times and blinked her eyes. Xero thought she might be imagining it, but it looked like her already spiky hair was reaching even further towards the ceiling. 
	“Fuck, I should have warned you about that,” Xero said, fiddling with a spiked dog collar she wore around her neck, wishing she’d remembered Radar’s Taser abilities before Neptune had made such a grab for him. 
	 Milo had pulled a stethoscope out of somewhere and was trying to listen to Neptune’s heart, but she was brushing him off. “I’m alright,” she said and tried unsuccessfully to get up on her own. Milo helped her back into one of the white plastic bucket chairs. 
	Radar leaned onto the pipe, shifting all his weight onto his right leg. “Sorry about that—didn’t mean to give you quite so much juice. Hard to control when I’m being attacked,” he said to Xero. She rolled her eyes. 
	Xero stood and folded her arms over her chest. “Can’t you kids fucking play nice?” she said. Radar shrugged in response. 
	Neptune was still out of, but was slowly coming around. “What in the fuck just happened,” she said. 
	Xero shook her head at her. “Play with fire, and you get burned,” she said. “I told you Radar would be a worthwhile addition to the team.” 
	Neptune showed her teeth and sat up so fast that the chair went backwards and smacked into Milo’s knees. “How did he do that,” she said and pointed a finger at Radar’s chest. 
	Xero looked at Radar, inviting him to explain for himself. “I’ve got a few aftermarket parts,” he said. 
	Xero watched as the statement percolated through Neptune’s brain, her slowly blinking purple-smeared eyes looking like a poisonous Amazon butterfly flapping in the sun. “No. No, you fucking didn’t,” Neptune said and whirled to Xero. 
	Xero slammed her palm on the smooth white plastic table hard enough that she heard a crack and thought it may have broken. Plates and beverages bounced in the air.  “That’s enough, Neptune. We’re a team, and I fully trust you with your job as security chief, but I am the fucking leader of this crew, and you need to calm the fuck down,” she said. 
	Neptune’s face remained fixed in a snarl, but with an angry grunt she sat her ass back in her chair. Neptune wasn’t anyone to mess with, but no one in the room wanted to piss Xero off enough to deserve a physical response. Friend or not, Xero was known for not holding back, and an attack from her was something most people didn’t survive. Milo took his seat as well, knowing better than to interject until things had settled down. 
	She motioned to Radar who hesitated, but cautiously dragged his chair away from Neptune and sat back down. 
	Neptune looked like she was literally biting her tongue, and before Xero could get in another word, she slammed her palms down against table, causing another earthquake to rattle through their dinner. “You brought a fucking Cyborg into our territory? Are you out of your mind?!” she said. 
	Xero stomped her feet lightly against the floor, frustrated with Neptune’s annoying but not unexpected rage. “Look, I totally understand where you’re coming from, but think about it. The government has been falling apart anyway—when’s the last time you saw someone get caught for a cybernetics violation? Hell, come to think of it we’re still violating weapons laws by keeping hold of this laser I brought back from the failed dome run. There’s just been a major terrorist attack—they’ve got bigger fish to fry,” she said. 
	“Don’t you think that will make them even more likely to be scanning the pits for possible perpetrators?” Neptune said. 
	Xero shook her head. “In a perfect world, sure, but let’s get serious—they can’t even cover security on their major dome sites. There’s no way they’re going to have the resources to do a major pit sweep,” she said and gave her a rundown on the military staffing issues that caused so many of her adventures on the last run. 
	“Alright, I’m willing to concede that the game may have changed,” Neptune said. “And if that’s the case, we may want to change our laser policy. Once other groups start figuring out that they’re not scanning for unauthorized weapons anymore, it won’t take long before we’ve got a potential problem on our hands.” 
	They were used to dealing with isolated groups coming at them with lasers, and they were all trained and prepared for such an event, but if they were on the brink of civil war, they could be dealing with a whole rebel army decked out with lasers and possibly worse. “Agreed,” Xero said. “So, I think that makes a good case  for looking at Radar’s…hardware in a different light. Besides, he’s been doing this awhile, and he hasn’t gotten caught yet.” 
	Radar gave one quick nod. “I learned the hard way what will get you iced, and what will keep you safe. I’ve got everything set up to where it’s very difficult to detect anything. You’d basically need to chop me up and start pulling things out before you’d suspect anything,” he said and then averted his gaze. “And most of the people that get a taste of that electricity don’t get to see the light of day again.” 
	Xero stored that fact in her memory—the Taser thing was no cheap parlor trick after all. 
	Milo was staring at Radar in fascination. “I’ve always wanted to examine a cyborg,” he said. 
	Radar shifted uncomfortably and swallowed audibly. “I’m not really a cyborg—I just have a few extra pieces is all,” he said. 
	Milo seemed to suddenly realize what an awkward statement he’d just made and blushed. “I don’t mean any offense or anything, I mean just as our doctor, I need to have an understanding of any conditions or unique physiology that would come into play should you become injured and require attention,” he said. 
	Xero cleared her throat. “Okay, so you guys can go over that stuff later or something, first thing’s first—are we cool here?” she asked. 
	“No,” Neptune said coldly, but with less anger. “I know you always trust your instincts on these things, but I’m not kosher with some human cattle prod that won’t respect my rules just trampling all over the place like he owns the joint. Meanwhile, we don’t even know who the fuck he is or what he wants.” 
	“You can trust what Xero means when she says that if we had wanted to kill each other, there would have been plenty of opportunity already. There’s nothing I could gain but death by coming in here and starting a fight,” he said. 
	Neptune rolled her eyes. “Oh, yeah, so that’s why you come in here and try to piss me off? You have a death wish?” she said, leaning forward and narrowing her eyes they were just slits.   
	“No. I just have my own codes that I live by, for the same reasons you do. I apologize for our conflicting policies having caused us friction within the group, but I hope we can come to an understanding. I think we could be mutually beneficial to each other,” he said. 
	Milo crossed his legs and put his hands palm up on the table. “There’s one simple solution to this mess. Well, not really simple, but it’s standard if you’re actually talking about letting him into the Grease Weasels for real,” he said. 
	Xero grimaced. “The A+? Ugh, do you really want to deal with that mess right now, with all that other shit going on,” she said. 
	He ruffled his hair. “Not really, but if it will pacify Neptune and keep the peace, it might be worth it. To be honest, it will make me feel more relaxed in the end too,” he said. 
	Radar looked back and forth between everyone at the table. “What are we talking about here?” he asked. 
	Xero sucked air through her teeth. “So you know that we manufacture Alphamine as one of our primary products. In the process of synthesizing it we came across a lot of other compounds, some more useful than others. As I’m sure you’re aware, Alphamine does a lot of things—including inducing euphoria, mild hallucinations, and increased lung function. One of the compounds we produced on accident was something of a super-powered truth serum based on the same Alphamine molecules. Only problem is it has some unwanted side effects, like making you trip balls for the rest of the evening. And instead of euphoria, some people, okay most people, become hypersensitive to pain. To top it off, the increased lung function effect carried across too, but without modulation that can actually lead to respiratory distress and a whole bunch of other nasty side effects. In short, it’s really effective as a truth serum, but it can be damned uncomfortable,” she said. 
	Neptune glared at Radar. “Milo’s never let anyone kick the bucket or anything like that, and it is damned nasty shit, but it’s always been a requirement for anyone wanting to join our inner circle. Hasn’t failed us yet,” she said and raised an eyebrow. “So, are you in?” 
	It really wasn’t a great time to be putting one of their important enforcers down for at least the night, but they did have a point about safety. But, if Radar survived a trip on the A+ they would have a pretty good idea that he really could be trusted as a true ally. The process was so horrific they almost never subjected anyone to it unless they wanted to give them access to really sensitive materials. 
	Radar ignored Neptune and looked directly at Milo. “Pain I can deal with, but if you kill me, I’d be pretty displeased. You sure you can keep that from happening?” he said. 
	Milo gave one confident nod. “Absolutely. No one has ever passed away during an A+ screening. I’m good at what I do. Really good,” he said. 
	Radar slapped his thigh a few times. “Against my better judgment, I’ll agree to this, just for the sake of group unity. A team that doesn’t trust each other is a disaster waiting to happen—it’s one of the reasons why I prefer to work alone,” he said and shot another look at Milo. “Looks like you’re going to get your wish after all.” 
	Milo smiled in excitement and tried to wipe the eagerness off his face, but only partially succeeded. “I assure you I’ll be nothing but professional,” he said. 
	Neptune was grinning and tapping her fingers together. “Excellent. Milo can administer the drug and monitor his vitals, and I’ll take care of the interrogation part,” she said. 
	Xero gave an exasperated sigh. “Reign it in Neptune, you’re looking like more of a sadist than me, and that’s a fucking scary thing,” she said. 
	Radar scanned around the table and groaned. “What have I gotten myself into?” he said. 
CHAPTER 20
	Someone had to stay behind and watch headquarters while Neptune and Milo were down at the medical center again, and though she hated to admit it, she kind of wanted privacy for talking with Xed initially again. Everyone was more on edge than usual, particularly Neptune who had a penchant for speaking before thinking, and the last thing they needed to do was piss off Xed. Neptune was a genius at what she did, but Xero also liked keeping her around because Neptune made her look calm and level headed. Xero had once made a joke that Neptune was actually more Mercurial than Neptunic. Neptune hadn’t cared for it, and the rest of the day was lost to a machete fight. 
	After verifying that the perimeter guards were up to date and sufficiently on watch, she descended to the back room of the main bowling alley. At one point it had been the office for the establishment, but they had transformed it into their main communications room. It looked like a souped up version of what was in the back store room of the restaurant in Gila Bend. Every inch of the sound-proofed room was covered with blinking equipment in various states of functioning. Neptune was constantly finding bits and pieces of new and old tech scraps on their journeys, and she brought them back to the command room for use as new broadcasting or receiving devices. After the satellite harvests, communication became a serious problem that they were constantly dealing with. 
	It took a few tries, and after accidentally snapping off a few antennas she was sure Neptune would have a fit about later, Xero made contact with Xed. 
	“Glad to hear you made it back safely,” he said. 
	“Glad to hear that you haven’t died in a giant explosion,” she said. 
	He was silent, then said, “Yes, I think we’re all on edge after Yuma. There hasn’t been any further reports about the motives for the attack. I assume you have no news about Calavera?” he said. 
	She was fairly sure about Radar’s fidelity and thought Neptune was overreacting about his potential security risk, but she didn’t trust Xed for a second. Working with Xed was a necessary evil, and he was disturbing for a number of reasons, not least of which being that he reminded Xero of herself. He’d let a little bit of his real self peek through when they’d fucked. It was one of the reasons she preferred banging associates when appropriate—people tended to reveal themselves in the heat of passion. He was definitely not to be trusted, but she had to keep it as honest as safely possible. He would know if she was lying. 
	“We just made it back to our base, and we’re working through a few…technical difficulties. Not least of which being that I nearly got torn to shreds out there. It’ll be at least until tomorrow before we can get out there and go hunting for her in earnest. She’s not the brightest—she’ll turn up in some form sooner or later, even if it’s just as a corpse” she said. 
	“Fair enough,” she said. 
	“Which leads me to the next part of the equation—I’m more than happy to help you track down that cow, but what I really need is a bead on how to get my hands on that Ketocillin,” she said, keeping her voice even, but images of an incapacitated Trina flashed in her mind. Before she’d left for the last run, Trina had still been conscious, even though she’d been struggling, and it killed her to see her friend so close to death. 
	She could hear him lick his lips before replying. “Yes, I’ve done some investigating while you were away. I think I have a plan that would work out for us all, but it’s a little unorthodox,” he said. 
	“Hell, I’ve never been one to do shit by the book anyway, lay it on me,” she said. 
	“While I was looking into your organization I came across a few things. The first being that you do legitimate cargo runs, as well as illegal runs, which I already knew, obviously. The other being that you were originally a punk band,” he said. 
	Xero laughed. “So you’re just learning that, eh? Yeah, it’s how we all met originally. After getting kicked out of the domes, I figured I’d make some shitty music screaming about how the government has fucked us all over. But you know, starving musician and all, figured I needed an actual way to make some cash,” she said. 
	“So you started making drugs?” he said. 
	She clicked her tongue. “That’s one way to put it. I’d spent so many years in the dome pumping drugs into people, figured I may as well keep doing that. But you wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?” she said. 
	He chuckled. “No, not a thing,” he said. 
	“Turns out money equals power, so it was natural that we took over this territory after Alphamine really spread,” she said. 
	“But your band, it’s still popular,” he said. 
	She waited before replying, trying to figure out what he was getting at. She knew it was the Alphamine he wanted to get his hands on, not their sweet anarchist guitar riffs. “Yeah, it is actually. It’s kind of our cover for certain types of activities. Mild mannered punk band—works like a charm every time,” she said. And it was true. They still played gigs regularly between all their other activities. The old strip club across the street was a favorite venue. They’d come together over music in the first place, and it was still the thing that kept them together. As backwards as it seemed, the Grease Weasels were a punk band first, drug dealers second, and territory leaders last. 
	“Excellent. I’d like to offer my services as your manager,” he said. 
	“I beg your pardon?” she said. 
	“You heard me right. I’d like to help you orchestrate your first trans-dome tour. Starting with a grand debut in the magnificent city on the bayou, New Orleans,” he said. 
	At first she stifled a laugh, wondering where the composed and calculating Xed had come up with such a crazy idea, but the more she thought about it, the more she realized that it could actually work. Not many had ever gotten approval, but on occasion very popular bands had been given dome access for shows. 
	“You clever son of a bitch,” she said. 
CHAPTER 21
	It had gotten cold again. Technically it was December, and traditionally even the desert was getting cold at that point, but the climate had become so totally fucked up that seasons had stopped meaning much of anything. The fact that it was cold was almost comforting in a way. Either the environment was healing itself, or they were headed for annihilation in the next ice age. 
	Radar lay beside her, panting in the dark. 
	“Hey, you’re lucid enough to consent, right?” she said. 
	He flopped a hand on her chest, inches above her breasts. “I don’t know if lucid is the right word for it, but if I was going to get raped, I wouldn’t mind being your victim,” he said and giggled.  
	“Ah shit, you’re still fucked up on A+. Now I feel like an asshole,” she said. 
	“No, no, you’ve got it wrong. I felt your asshole,” he said, still giggling. 
	Xero rolled over onto her stomach. “Is this what you’re really like?” she asked. “They say when people are intoxicated on truth serums they reveal not just true information, but their true selves.”  
	“You ever get shot up with this shit?” he asked. She nodded even though she knew he couldn’t see it. 
	“Yeah, when we were in higher level test phases, we’ve all at least tried the stuff we produce at least once. In general I try to keep my people away from all the drugs, but A+ is not one we usually have to make any special rules for. No one wants a taste of that. We could actually probably turn a profit selling it, but even we won’t stoop that low,” she said. 
	“I’m not really high on the A+ anymore anyway. I had a really bad reaction, and Milo had to shoot me up with a bunch of pain medications. Turns out robot circuitry doesn't always play nicely with synthetic drugs,” he said. 
	“Sorry about that. At least your artificial lungs probably helped keep you out of respiratory arrest…that happens on occasion with A+. The name is a bit misleading—it’s not so much an A+ experience as it is an F-. We’ve made a lot of stuff though, and at least that stuff has its uses. Some of the shit we’ve made has been just plain nasty,” she said. 
	“I’ve heard stories about you for years, way back when I was just a wee mercenary,” he said, slurring his words, clearly still intoxicated. “I heard you sold shit that rotted people’s skin clear off their bones.” 
	Xero slapped herself across the forehead. “Ugh, that’s not entirely wrong, but it is still incorrect. We made shit that rotted people’s skin clear off their bones, but we didn’t sell it. Someone stole the compound and started selling it themselves. That was back in the early days when we didn’t have our security together. It’s one of the reasons Neptune is so hardcore about keeping our facility airtight,” she said. 
	“Good to know you’re not a total piece of shit,” he said. 
	She smacked him in the leg. “That truth serum works a little too well,” she said. 
	“Ouch. Man, watch it, I’m still overly sensitive to pain from the A+,” he said and flopped halfway off the bed trying to escape her. “How the hell long is the half life on that on that shit?” 
	Xero leaned over and hauled Radar’s leg back onto the bed and he yelled, “Jeez, you are brutal, didn’t I just say everything hurts,” he said. 
	“You weren’t saying that when I was riding your dick,” she said and laid back down beside him.  
	“That’s before the other stuff Milo gave me for the pain started wearing off too,” he said. 
	She sighed. “You’re a big boy—you’ll live. For what it’s worth, you passed with flying colors. Maybe Neptune and Milo will start trusting my iron-clad character judgments,” she said. 
	He chortled, a weird high-pitched crescendo that burbled into the dark room and made Xero sit up on her elbows. “You are still high as fuck,” she said. 
	“Lady, I don’t know about your iron-clad character judgments if you’re shacking up with Xed. He’s one twisted fuck,” he said. 
	Xero rolled over onto her side to face him directly. “You didn’t say anything about having worked with Xed before,” she said. 
	“You didn’t ask. And I never said that I’d worked with Xed. I’ve crossed paths with him before, and ran into some of his…work. It’s not pretty. I wouldn’t say I have the cleanest reputation myself, but he’s someone I go out of my way to avoid. Real sick fuck,” he said. 
	Xero shrugged with one shoulder. “I don’t know—I always appreciated a little artful sadism,” she said. 
	He groped for her and his uncoordinated hand flopped against her naked thigh. “You’re not really a sadist. You’re a pragmatist. Like me,” he said. 
	She scoffed. “You just met me. Trust me, I’ve still got cans of whoop ass and sadism left to open,” she said. 
	“Xero, you’re infamous. And I’m observant. As an independent operator I have to really know all the players out there. I don’t get involved with outfits that don’t meet my standards,” he said. 
	“Then how come you’ve never tried to get involved with our organization before?” she said. 
	“There was no need. You never hire work out to independents, and I never really need to go looking for extra work. My services are always needed,” he said. 
	“So why follow me now? Why take this crazy job?” she said. 
	He was silent, as though he were trying to fight the lingering honesty effects of the A+, and she listened to him breathing before he answered. “It seemed like an interesting job, and you’re not a bad organization to be affiliated with while all of this madness is going on. And…I like you,” he said. 
	She wanted to laugh at the idea of him growing to like her, considering when they’d first met her skin had literally been peeling off and she had shot half his travel companions, but she valued loyalty in her crew, and it cemented her decision to try and keep him on as a permanent team member. 
	 “You’re part robot, right? Think you can learn to play the drums?” she said. 
CHAPTER 22
	The restored plantation house looked incredibly authentic, to the point where Xero actually found herself inspecting wood grain and accent trimming to see if it was in fact an original building. After seeing the polymer contours of the building materials, she knew it was just another restoration knock-off, but it was a good one, and the authentic wrought iron lattice work on the front of the two-storied dark pink building had probably been salvaged and repurposed from one of the washed up remains of an old world plantation house. 
	They were sitting around the downstairs parlor, decked out in their show gear, waiting for a prearranged transport to come bring them to the venue. To match the dome’s typically somber internal weather patterns and Victorian history, and to keep something of a low profile, they had decided to go with more subdued stage costumes—they were all wearing matching black gothic clothes, with the two women decked out in dramatic lace dresses and the men in long-cut tailored suits. 
	“Wow, I haven’t been to New Orleans since before I joined the Grease Weasels,” Milo said. “I wish I could go out and wander the French Quarter.” 
	Xero didn’t want to discourage him too much, since he finally seemed to be thinking about something other than the fact that this was their one shot to get Ketocillin for Trina. The whole trip he had been unusually anxious and on edge. He had left another trusted medical colleague in charge of Trina in their absence—Xed had been insistent that they needed at least the last three recognizable Grease Weasels in order to make the band story believable, and with Trina and Argon out of the picture they were already short on their core band members. Xero also wanted all of them along for the ride because of how dangerous the trip was—considering her recent luck with travel, she didn’t want to separate the group anymore than necessary.
	Milo said he was fine leaving someone else with Trina, but that was clearly not the case. She had almost been tempted to grab something from his medical bag and jam a sedative in his thigh to make him settle down, but once they had actually made it inside the dome without any significant incident he seemed to be doing better. Voodoo, the black market connection for New Orleans was difficult to work with in general, and had a specific grudge against the Grease Weasels in particular, and New Orleans had been totally off limits for more than a decade. Milo hadn’t thought that Voodoo would even let them get past the front door, let alone allow them to get situated, play a show, or do business. 
	“Xed’s kept up his end of the bargain so far, but I have a feeling Voodoo still isn’t thrilled about us being here. I wouldn’t go wandering out on the town just to tempt fate. We also still don’t know what’s going on with all the rogue skeletons and the terrorist attacks,” she said. They’d been lucky so far and had managed to travel without further incidents, but until they found Calavera or obtained more information, they were all in the dark about who or what might be a future target. 
	“I could care less about that bitch, but I don’t want to fuck up our chances to save Trina,” Neptune said. 
	“Everything okay back on base?” Xero said. Once they had gotten settled, Neptune’s first order of business had been using a communicator that they had uncharacteristically been allowed to smuggle into the dome. Neptune had been happy about the first unanticipated perk of working with Xed, but she had not been happy about leaving their territory without anyone there to hold down the fort. Typically at least one person stayed behind in case of emergencies. 
	“So far so good. We’ve got a good team of people left back there,” she said with an even voice, but the corner of her mouth involuntarily turned up into a smirk. 
	“But you’re still not happy about it,” Xero said for her. 
	“Fuck no I’m not happy about it. I don’t think any of us are comfortable with anything about this situation—look at Milo, he’s going to freaking wet his pants or some shit, but we don’t have much of a choice,” she said. 
	“Hey now, I’m doing just fine,” Milo said. 
	Neptune leaned in towards Xero, “Can you like, slip him a Xanax or something?” she said. 
	“So what’s the deal?” Radar said. 
	“You know you look good like that,” she said. They had spray colored his hair a temporary bright red and smudged eyeliner across his eyes like a raccoon mask. “You clean up real nice.” 
	He rolled his eyes, and the whites swiveled around in the big field of black makeup like googly eight balls. “Not the weirdest thing I’ve ever worn,” he said. 
	Xero raised her eyebrows. “Sounds kinky. I approve. Anyway, we do the gig, we make some noise, then we hotfoot it over to the Café du Monde for some old world style beignets and a meeting with a fucking mystical bitch,” she said. 
	“Mystical bitch?” Radar said. 
	“Yeah, before she became a dirty govie sellout she was the Voodoo queen of New Orleans, back before they revitalized the dome after the tidal wave washout. I don’t really give a shit if she’s magical or not, but she’s definitely still a bitch,” Xero said. 
	Neptune winked at her. “Takes one to know one,” she said and Xero gave her a half hearted whack with her thigh-high boots. 
	Milo gave them a skeptical look. “And we have to try and convince her somehow that we’re good little citizens,” he said. 
	Radar eyed at all of them in their Goth stage costumes. “That should go really well,” he said. 
CHAPTER 23
	The venue had been a respectable size, and Xero wondered how much of it was just Xed and how much of it might be that they were actually that popular in the dome. It was also strange to play a show in the middle of the day, but for whatever reason that had been part of the agreement. Perhaps they had wanted to have better visibility to keep track of their movements in the event that anyone had tried to escape and wreak havoc in the dome after the show. It didn’t really matter, considering the show itself was just one giant ruse to begin with, but Xero couldn’t help wanting to make sure that they had a packed venue and an enthusiastic crowd. In another life, they could have just been simple musicians living for their fans. 
	They had all coped relatively well in their slightly reassigned instrument roles. Xero wasn’t used to playing guitar and singing at the time, as they usually had more than enough guitar players between Argon and Milo, but with Argon out of the picture, she had to step up and take over Milo’s usual role as rhythm guitarist. Milo had stepped up to take over Argon’s lead guitar slot, and Radar did his best pretending to be a punk rock drummer for the first time. Only Neptune enjoyed her typical role as the bassist, but the crowd hadn’t seemed to notice or mind any of their slight musical hiccups. Thankfully, punk was a fairly forgiving genre.
	As frivolous as it was, she found herself wishing that it had been more like their gigs in the pits back in the old days. Part of the fun was staying after and signing autographs with their fans and celebrating a successful performance. That was not booked into their zone pass schedule. Voodoo had asked for them to be directly delivered to her doorstop following the show, and that’s exactly what Xed had arranged. 
	The reconstructed Café du Monde was almost every bit the same as she remembered it, complete with the lingering smell of urine that wafted in off the street into the outdoor tent portion of the coffee shop. New Orleans had some problems that other domes just didn’t. The weather was her first clue that shit wasn’t right. Since most domes spent a considerable amount of their resources controlling the air quality and environment inside, they also bothered to keep tight control over the weather and other things of that nature. Natural sunlight could penetrate the dome, but some cities like Seattle even tried to recreate the weather of the old world by providing simulated rain and fog. New Orleans on the other hand felt much more like a flat than a true dome. It was far too cold, but simultaneously humid and foggy. She knew that New Orleans was not one of the simulated rain domes, but if it had been, she would have fully expected for it be raining. Part of her wanted to believe it was because New Orleans was trying to mimic the approach of the Seattle dome by trying to provide some realistic old world weather patterns, but she knew that wasn’t the case. They didn’t have that kind of capital, resources, or support. 
	They marched through the humid air with its oddly organic gutter stench and into the green and white striped tent of the café. A woman was sitting at one of the black iron tables. Dark brown eyes glared at them from a heart-shaped face that had perfectly smooth skin. Her voluminous dreadlocks were rolled into tight, even partitions that fell into a neatly tied pony tail at her shoulders. The edge of her long layered white dress flapped in breeze, leading Xero to wonder where exactly that breeze was coming from. Did the dome have a small leak? Had New Orleans gotten funding for better dome weather simulations when she hadn’t been paying attention?
	The woman stood when they went through the iron gate. Xero was surprised at the lack of security given the current political climate, but then again,  New Orleans had always done things its own way. More personnel could be hiding in the shadows, waiting on all the convenient balconies of the resurrected plantation houses. All they needed was a sign, and everyone could be dead in seconds. At least that’s how Xero would have staged it, and she knew from experience that Voodoo was no fool. 
	“Xero. We meet again,” the woman said and walked towards the group. 
	Xero was at the head of the group, with Neptune and Radar forming the middle and Milo pulling up the rear of a diamond shape. Xero held out her hand, “Enchanté,” she said. “How have you been, Voodoo?” 
	Voodoo stared at her hand, but didn’t shake it. She moved her gaze to the rest of the band. “Didn’t I tell Xed that I just wanted to deal with you?” she said. 
	Xero put her hands on her hips. “If you did, that directive never made it’s way down to our itinerary,” she said. “Is that going to be a problem?” She was proud of herself for maintaining the diplomacy. A lot of literal blood had been spilled between the two of them in the past, and she was trying to keep the image of Trina in her mind to motivate her to stay cordial. She was the leader. She had to set a good example and keep the rest of her crew in line at the same time. 
	Voodoo crinkled up her full lips into a loose pucker. “I don’t like it when my directives are disobeyed, but because I am wise and merciful, I will grant you a compromise. You may keep your crew in this outer tent area, but only you may accompany me inside,” she said, pointing at Xero. 
	Xero held up a hand behind her, silently telling Neptune to shut it for the moment, knowing that she wanted to come out with a sonic retort or physical attack that would knock Voodoo on her ass. “That is not an issue. They will wait here and the two of us can speak inside,” she said. 
	Neptune grumbled and hissed, but somehow managed to hold her tongue. 
	Xero turned around to address her crew. “Stay here for the time being. When I give you the signal, we may reconvene, or if you sense that harm has come to me that would end my life, you may enter the inner hall, but not before that. If I am in distress, but it does not appear to be immediately lethal, do not disturb us. You will cause more trouble than you will solve,” she said. 
	“This is bullshit!” Neptune yelled. “I can’t do my job under these conditions—you’re asking me to let you walk into a situation where it sounds like you know that you’ll be harmed. What in the fuck is up with that?” 
	Voodoo whirled around, her dreadlocks and skirt snapping in a self-created dust devil. “So crass. All of you have always been so disgusting and vulgar, such a lack of tact. I’m not sad that you’ve been banned from the domes this whole time,” she said. 
	“I regret that you are still not eager to let us enjoy your beautiful city, but that is of course your prerogative. We thank you for considering our request for trade relations,” she said and wanted to give herself a pat on the back for being so fucking cordial. 
	Voodoo just folded her arms and sneered. Xero cracked a smile and nodded towards the indoor area of the café. “So, you wanna dance?” she said. 
	“Yes, I do. Follow me,” she said and walked inside, leaving her crew to organize themselves on the patio. 
	“Do not go in there,” Neptune said, her body as rigid as one of the street performers pretending to be a statue that dotted Bourbon Street. 
	“Look Neptune, it’s not the safest thing I’ve ever done, but it’s also definitely not the most dangerous. I appreciate your caution as always, but do you really think that bitch is going to get the upper hand? I will drop that whore if she so much as comes near me,” Xero said. 
	Neptune exhaled and hung her head. “You’re right boss, I know you can take on just about anyone and come out on top. I just don’t trust that slimy fuck. For all I know she’s got an alligator pit that she’s ready to dump you into,” she said. 
	“Nah, if she really didn’t want us here, she wouldn’t have let us inside the in the first place. She wants the goods. She’s just going to be a pain in the ass about it. We have to play ball, or we risk losing the chance to save Trina,” she said. She purposely avoided Milo’s gaze when mentioning Trina. She had to ready herself for a battle, and sympathy wasn’t something that had any place in her psyche for that moment. 
	“Alright, but if I hear one fucking thing outta line from in there, we’re going in guns blazing,” Neptune said. 
	They staged themselves in decent positions on the porch, a surprisingly moist breeze blowing hard through the tent canopy and carrying with it some putrid scents that smelled more like the flats then a newly renovated dome. New Orleans never could catch a break, and in some ways she sympathized with Voodoo and her shitty attitude. 
	“Good luck,” Radar said. “Kick some ass so I don’t have to do my electric eel impression in the middle of a dome.” 
	She grinned. “Don’t worry, I’ve got this. Time to play,” she said. 
CHAPTER 24
	The space inside the Café was small, just like it had been in the old world. The back wall had the traditional green and white striped wallpaper juxtaposed with a dark creamy beige paint on the other walls. The kitchen staff had vacated or were hiding out in the back of the kitchen. Voodoo had pushed tables and chairs back to the wall, leaving an open space in the middle of the cramped room. She was leaning against a stainless steel counter underneath green wallpaper where the wall was cut out to reveal part of the kitchen. 
	“This looks authentic,” Xero said. 
	Voodoo didn’t move. “It is. The French Quarter has always been fortunate when it comes to weathering the storm. The outside walls of this building were demolished in the tidal waves, but the core survived. Almost everything in here is made from existing materials. Welcome to a true piece of history,” she said. 
	Xero looked around, appreciating the old green and white menus and display cases of merchandise tucked into the walls of the small room. “I always did like this place,” she said. “I used to come here all the time when I was in college, before the dome restrictions.” 
	Voodoo raised her eyebrows. “A lowlife like you went to college?” she said. 
	“Yes. Believe it or not, I’m a doctor. Means I can patch you up after I poke a few holes in you,” she said and winked. 
	Voodoo’s jaw tightened. “That ain’t going to happen,” she said, slipping into casual speech, and Xero knew that it was working. She was getting under her skin, fucking up her game. 
	“Of course you can always spare yourself the trouble and just forget this silly little duel. We come in peace—all we want to do is enjoy your fine city and do some good business with you and your associates,” Xero said. 
	“Business out here ain’t so simple like that,” Voodoo said. 
	“Not to make you think I’m a coward or anything like that, but you don’t think having a fight in the middle of the day in the middle of a major café isn’t going to attract some kind of unwanted attention? I’m a stranger here to the new way New Orleans is running, but in the other domes I deal with, that kind of thing isn’t exactly tolerated,” she said. 
	Voodoo sneered at her again, her arms shooting out to grip the edges of the stainless steel counter. “New Orleans isn’t anything like the domes you’re used to. On paper we’re a dome, but in reality we’re abandoned, just like we’ve always been abandoned. On paper it’s all government controlled, but in reality I’m the leader of the French Quarter. People here do what I tell them to do,” she said. 
	Xero nodded. “I can understand that sentiment,” she said. 
	“How could you possibly understand anything. You’re nothing but a beast, a greedy filthy lying monster. How could you possibly understand anything like suffering? How can you possibly understand how we’ve been neglected and used in this city for decades? Even in the old world it was always made clear that we’re on our own down here,” she said. 
	“Lady, you ever been to Tucson? My town ain’t never been right either. No one would have even thought to put a dome down there. We always were and always will be in the fringes,” she said. 
	“And yet you poisoned my town. You burned my people’s flesh. You don’t give a shit about anything other than your precious money,” she said. 
	Xero shrugged. “Money is power. You know that as well as I do, or I wouldn’t even be here in the first place. You wouldn’t have let me in if you didn’t want what I have to offer,” she said. 
	Voodoo took a step forward, her hands curled into claws and stretched out in front of her. “There are people dying in here. New Orleans is suffering, the air quality isn’t good enough to keep some of the older people alive,” she said. 
	Ah. Now it made sense. That was why they wanted the Alphamine. “It’s a tradeoff to be sure. More people will live. Alphamine will improve their lung function, but it’s addictive as fuck, and you’ll still see some of the same problems you have with any other recreational drug. But it’s your choice. It’s a controlled environment—even if I really wanted to, it would be hard to saturate this area with Alphamine if you didn’t want it to be imported,” Xero said. 
	Voodoo’s eyes bulged. “Choice? I have no choice. I can’t sit still while people die,” she said. 
	“And you can’t get the government to shore up the problems in the air filtration and climate control system,” Xero said. 
	Voodoo’s clawed fingers flexed and she pulled her eyes tight enough that her forehead turned into a highway of wrinkles.  “Fuck you,” she said. 
	Xero shrugged. “If you wish, although I don't think the two of us have ever been that close,” she said. 
	“I would never touch someone as filthy as you,” Voodoo said. 
	“You know, you can call me what you want—drug dealer, dictator, slut, whatever. You can have as many reasons as you want to hate me, but the truth is, the real reason you do hate me is actually not my fault. We never would have sold or distributed a drug that eats holes in someone’s skin. For one, it’s just disgusting, and for another that stuff spread back to our own territory and caused the same problems. It doesn't matter whether I have morals or not, that’s just bad business. Killing off the market for your other, more lucrative and pleasant drugs doesn't make any sense,” she said. 
	“Say what you want it was still your fault that something like that ever came to be. If you want permission to deal back in my territory you’re going to have to earn it,” Voodoo said. 
	“Fair fight? Are you going to have goons come out of the shadows and turn this into an old Bruce Lee movie?” she asked. 
	“Fair fight. Me against you. First blood,” she said. 
	“Weapons?” Xero said. 
	From inside the pockets her dress she extracted two twin knives. Nothing special, just two ordinary blades about the length of a hand. Without a word she threw the one in her right hand directly at Xero’s face. She ducked, and the knife landed in the beige wall a few inches above her head. 
	“Isn’t this a historical landmark?” Xero said. 
	“Not the outer wall. See, arrogant pricks like you don't bother to listen. Pick up your knife,” she said. 
	Xero put one hand against the tacky wall and pulled against the knife with the other. The knife came out cleanly in her hand, leaving only a few sprinkles of drywall to fall on the baseboards. 
	“This is your last chance to stop this. I think there are better ways to work out our differences,” Xero said. 
	Voodoo didn’t respond, but instead dropped into a fighting stance, knife clutched in an overhead stab position. With such a telegraphed move, Xero already felt sorry for her. She stood still while Voodoo launched herself across the room, dodged to the side, and tried to land a hit in Xero’s diaphragm. Xero saw it coming from a million miles away. She admired the woman’s passion, but her emotion was blinding her. When they’d tangled in the past Voodoo had been an extremely dangerous opponent—cold, calculating, and precise, like Xero when she was in the right mood. They’d traded blows and watched each other’s blood drip more than one time. Now it seemed like she was duking it out with Xero just to justify making the trade and distributing an illegal drug that would have other negative consequences. Voodoo didn’t actually want to fight, but her inner morals were forcing her to. 
	As much as she would have loved to humor her opponent and make her think that she was overwhelmed by the attacks, the truth of things was that the woman was clearly out of practice. She may have encountered more than her share of shenanigans in the dome, but she hadn’t been living in the harsh reality of the pits for the last twenty years. She’d grown soft, and it showed. Perhaps that was part of why she felt so compelled to challenge Xero again. She’d lost the fights before, but was certain that beating Xero in another fight would bring her vindication. 
	She was rather disappointed in Voodoo’s diminished fighting skills. She had actually been looking forward to a really good fight. Fully assuming that she was going to nail Xero in the ribs, Voodoo had sunk all of her weight into her strike. A big mistake, as the gambit made her lose her balance and crash into the outer wall after Xero dodged out of the way. Without even thinking about it, Xero flipped around and drove her knife into the back of Voodoo’s thigh with one quick in and out stab. She could have killed the woman right then and there, and the thought crossed her mind. With Voodoo dead they could do business with someone that was less of a pain in the ass, but they didn’t have time to wait for all that dust to settle. She backed away until she was where Voodoo had started out, leaning against the stainless steel kitchen counter. 
	Voodoo screamed as red blossomed out across her white dress, the blood quickly dripping down over her thigh and splattering on the tiled floor. Xero was fairly sure that she hadn’t hit the femoral artery, but there was still plenty of blood running down the floor. Voodoo clutched the knife in her shaking hand and was trying ineffectively to stop the blood flow with her other hand. Xero nodded towards the weapon. 
	“First blood?” Xero said. 
	She watched Voodoo’s tense face, her eyes bulging, her teeth clenched as she breathed in short bursts that sent strings of saliva cascading over her full lips. She kept breathing heavily, but the fire drained out of her eyes, her face softening like a slowly falling soufflé. 
	Voodoo dropped the knife and it clattered against the cold tiles. “First blood,” she said. 
	“Good,” Xero said and put her own knife down on the counter. “You want me to patch that up for you?” 
	Voodoo shook her head, her dark skin turning a shade paler as blood continued to run down her leg. 
	Xero shrugged. “Suit yourself—you better get some pressure on that soon or you’ll pass out,” she said. She looked over her shoulder. “Hey, you got any beignets left back there?” 

CHAPTER 25
	Voodoo didn’t look pleased, but Xero had in fact found some beignets and coffee that had been left in the kitchen from before it was abandoned for their fight. Her team enjoyed the snack before some goons had come back out of the café to give them their next directives. The beignets tasted real, so at least that was a good indication that some things were still functioning in the city. All of their food stuffs hadn’t gone synthetic like they had in a lot of the bigger East Coast cities. She had half expected Voodoo to die of stubbornness before she summoned some kind of medical care, but apparently she was still smarter than that at least. 
	They were taken back to the plantation home where they had started the evening. Still in their concert gear, they spread themselves out in the parlor again. Radar and Xero shared a purple velvet loveseat. She ran her hands back and forth over it’s soft surface, brushing the fibers this way and that. She laid herself out horizontally across the couch, her feet hung over the edge and she leaned against Radar’s side. 
	“That’s not exactly a fighting-ready position,” Radar said. 
	“Any position is a fighting-ready position for me. I’m always ready to go,” she said and kept playing with the velvet. “You know, for as many problems as this area has, they sure have a lot of great stuff. This couch feels real too. You hardly ever see actual velvet anymore. Think of all the great stuff we can get if Voodoo ever stops being butt hurt and gets over being stabbed. We can put velvet all over the Golden Lanes—it’ll be just like the 1960s,” she said. 
	“Good to know you’ve got your priorities in order,” Radar said. 
	Xero hung her head backwards to meet Radar’s gaze. “Hey man, never underestimate the importance of style. Image is everything,” she said and looked down at the voluminous gothic lace gown that she was still wearing. “Hence, the reason why we’re wandering around in these getups.” 
	Milo was sitting across the room in a high-backed chair that was also upholstered in deep purple velvet. His gaze was cast down at his fingers that were fidgeting, interlacing and unwinding, tapping at his thigh, clenching and unclenching while he thumped his right foot against the hollow wooden floors. His foot taps echoed in the high-ceilinged room. 
	Xero swung her feet off the couch and faced straight forward again. “Milo. Hey,” she said. 
	His head snapped up to meet her gaze, but his eyes were still unfocused and faraway. “Yeah?” he said. 
	“I’m just fucking around, you know that? First priority is getting the Ketocillin. Don’t worry. One way or another we’ll make this happen. We’re almost there. Voodoo is desperate. She had to put on that little show back there just to make herself feel good, but she wouldn’t have ever let us in here in the first place if she didn’t really need our shit,” she said. “Now that she’s done grandstanding, and I’m pretty sure I didn’t kill her with that little stab wound to the leg, we can actually get down to business,” she said. 
	Neptune was leaning against a column by the front door, waiting for trouble to come knocking. “I don’t like that they wouldn’t let us have any weapons,” she said. 
	“That’s pretty standard dome policy for outsiders unless we’re being directly monitored by or working with the government,” Xero said. 
	Neptune started pacing back and forth across the room, her eyes searching the area for possible weapons. “Yeah but the other domes aren’t secretly run by a psychotic bayou priestess,” she said. 
	“At least, in some ways that gives us a little more leeway. Things here don’t seem to be as controlled or monitored as they are in other domes, especially judging from your friggin showdown in the middle of the day. You couldn’t get away with that anywhere else, even if you had the big cheese running the show. You’d be picked up for assault within minutes,” Radar said. “Dealing anything directly in the domes is still risky business, and this should help make sure we don’t get caught until we get a little bit better at this process.” 
	Xero turned to him again. “It sounds like you have some experience in this arena,” she said. 
	“I’ve been a merc for a long time. There’s not much I haven’t tried,” he said. 
	Xero made a cat noise and faked a scratching motion in his direction. “Meow, sexy,” she said. 
	Radar rolled his eyes. “Do you ever stop?” he said. 
	“No,” Milo and Neptune said in unison. 
	Xero just laughed. “You guys know me too well,” she said. 
	Someone knocked and within seconds Neptune was at the door, demanding to know who it was. 
	“Voodoo. Open up,” she said through the thin door. 
	The sun had finally set and Voodoo was illuminated by the hazy porch light. Her eyes were blank and tired, and she was wearing another clean white dress identical to the one she had been wearing when Xero stabbed her. Neptune looked from side to side, craning her neck to look for additional personnel. 
	“You alone?” Neptune said. 
	“No. I have others waiting, surrounding the house if you should choose to disobey my orders, but I prefer to do business one on one. Rest assured though, if you make one wrong move, this whole place will go up in flames,” Voodoo said. 
	Xero slowly nodded her approval, but didn’t get up from the loveseat. “Pyrotechnics, I like it,” she said. It also meant that Voodoo had enough power in the city that she could blow up a house and make the issue disappear under the rug. 
	Neptune shut the door behind Voodoo and the woman walked to stand in the center of the room, trying to hide her pronounced limp and failing. Radar and Milo started to stand. 
	Xero looked at her leg. “Shouldn’t you be in the hospital or something like that,” she said. 
	“Stay seated,” she said and the two men settled back into their seats. Neptune remained rooted in place, standing by the column with her arms folded. 
	“I’ll stay right here, thanks,” Neptune said. 
	“Your dogs are disobedient,” Voodoo said, casting a glare at Neptune. 
	Neptune showed her teeth and barked. “I bite too, but usually you have to pay extra for that,” she said and licked her lips. 
	“Disgusting,” Voodoo said. “I can’t believe I agreed to let scum like you into my territory.” 
	Xero adjusted herself on the couch. “Okay, yeah I got that part just fine. You don’t like us being here. The quicker you stop playing these games and just get down to brass tacks the quicker we’ll be on our way. Not that we wouldn’t mind staying here and enjoying your lovely city, but there’s been a lot of shit going down, and we don’t exactly like being away from home any longer than necessary,” she said. 	 
	Voodoo took a step closer and faltered, catching herself just before taking a nosedive into wood floors. Xero couldn’t decide if she was just that arrogant or just that foolish for coming into a house full of potential enemies while she had a significant injury to contend with. 
	“You wanna take a seat?” Xero said and motioned to one of the empty chairs near Milo. 
	Voodoo’s mouth stiffened into a hard line. “No. That will not be necessary,” she said. 
	“Very well then. You already know what we want, and you already know what we have. What more do you need?” Xero said. 
	Voodoo put her hands on her hips and Xero noticed her subtly shift the weight off her injured leg. She had been patient so far, but a big part of her wished that she’d just straight up offed the bitch back at the Café du Monde. It would have been so easy, but the mess wouldn’t have been worth the cleanup. 
	“I don’t trust you and your dirty drugs. I need proof that they’re not contaminated and we’re not going to have another incident like we did before, “ Voodoo said. 
	“Ask around, we only sell product that is totally pure. Something like Swamp Rat or whatever you guys called it out here would never be mass produced by one of our labs. I’ve told you this so many times—I don't know how else to explain it to you,” Xero said. 
	“I don’t care what you or anyone else says. I want you to prove to me that your product is pure,” she said. 
	“Do you have a lab that we can have access to without it looking suspicious?” Milo said, his voice calm, but backed with sadness that perhaps only Xero could pick up. “You could see a chemical readout that would tell you that it’s pure. Surely you have chemists that can do that for you.” 
	Voodoo shook her head. “I don’t trust none of that sketchy science—we‘ve trusted scientists out here before, and look what happens? Our whole damned city nearly washes away. No, I don’t give a shit what no lab says. I want a live demonstration. I want you to take it and prove that it’s safe,” she said. 
	“No,” Xero said. “We don’t do drugs. It’s bad for business.” 
	Voodoo gave a snort. “Oh, I see how it is. You won’t taste your own poison. Fine then. Deal’s off,” she said. 
	“No!” Milo yelled and stood up. “We’ll do it.” 
	Xero stood up too, the lace of her dress sticking to the velvet couch and pulling it backwards. “Milo. This isn’t something you can decide,” she said. 
	“I don’t care. I’ll take it. I’ll take as much of it as she wants to prove that it’s safe,” he said. His fingers were digging into the fabric of his pants. 
	Voodoo turned to Milo, a satisfied grin on her face. “I see you at least have some sense,” she said. 
	“I’m a doctor. I promise you it’s safe. It’s addictive, and you can overdose on it, like any other narcotic, but if used correctly there’s very little risk of death,” he said, facing Voodoo but locking eyes with Xero, his body language pleading with her to agree. 
	Xero grabbed her dress and freed it from the static cling of the couch. Radar joined her in standing. “Alright. Here’s the deal. We will do a dose of Alphamine, but one of us stays sober. For all I know you want to get us all high so you can kill us off and take the Alphamine for free,” she said. 
	“I’ll stay sober,” Neptune said. “I’m not letting one of your thugs take out our crew.” 
	“No. The doctor can stay sober. I want reports on your vital signs, and it’s too risky to bring in one of my outside medics. Plus, if you’re lying, I don’t really feel like disposing of your bodies. It’s not worth the trouble,” Voodoo said. 
	Xero set her jaw and wrinkled her forehead. “Okay. That’s reasonable,” she said. She would have preferred to keep Neptune sober, as she was the better fighter between the two, but having Milo straight edge just in case one of them had a reaction wasn’t a bad idea either. 
	Xero turned to Radar. “Have you ever done Alphamine?” she asked. 
	He shook his head. “Nope. Same as you guys, I typically stay away from any of the things I traffic. Like you said, bad business,” he said. “Plus, I’ve never needed any of the lung enhancing benefits, so it’s not something I would try out of necessity.” 
	“I knew I liked you,” she said. “Crap. Milo, you said he had a bad reaction to the A+?” 
	Milo frowned. “Er, yeah, he did,” he said. 
	Xero took a step towards him. “Does that mean he’s going to react to the Alphamine?” she said. 
	Milo opened his mouth, closed it, then opened it again. “Not necessarily, but it’s not a good sign,” he said, his eyes darting between Xero, Radar, and Voodoo. 
	“New deal. Radar stays sober, the rest of us get high,” she said to Voodoo. 
	“No deal. I say who gets high,” she said. 
	“What the fuck, that doesn’t make any sense. Look, he’s allergic to a similar compound. That has nothing to do with the safety of the drug by itself,” Xero said. 
	Radar put his hand on her shoulder. “It’s fine, I’ll do it. I trust Milo to keep me alive if it comes to that,” he said. “I’m pretty hard to kill.” 
	Xero walked forward until she was just a foot from Voodoo. “Business cards on the table now. We’re not going to be in any shape to negotiate later. Whatever money you worked out with Xed is fine, but you know what we really want,” she said. 
	Voodoo stared hard into her eyes and sneered. “Yeah. You want the Ketocillin. I trust Xed told you the deal with that?” she said. 
	“What are you talking about?” Xero said. 
	“Shouldn’t come as any surprise, but your business partner doesn’t seem to be very good at communicating. I don’t like dealing with him either, but at least he’s a little more palatable than you slime balls,” Voodoo said. 
	“We’re not very close. What are you talking about?” Xero said. 
	“I don’t have the Ketocillin,” she said. 
	Milo shot forward and stopped just a few inches from Voodoo’s face. “What do you mean?!” he said. Xero put a hand on his chest and physically moved him back. 
	“Just like I said. That stuff’s nearly impossible to get your hands on nowadays—I don't have any of the real stuff, but I do have one of the reagents. You’re chemists, or at least some of you are. You should be able to cook up something pretty close to the real deal, right?” she said. 
	Point of fact, Trina and Argon were their lead chemists and they were both out of commission. Xero and Milo both had some skills in the lab, but Xero was more a part of the neuropharmacology side of stuff, not the actual lab synthesis parts, and Milo was more about the theoretical physiological aspects of the design process. They’d all been doing their best to ignore the fact that Argon was still missing or dead, as there was nothing they could do about it for the time being. 
	Xero should have seen it coming, but Neptune must have gone through the same thought process as Xero just had. Thinking about Argon pushed her over the edge. All Xero saw was the bob of Neptune’s spiky hair and a flash of pale flesh as she made a quick leg sweep that left Voodoo crumpled in a pile of tangled limbs on the ground. It was too late to stop the initial leg strike, but Xero leaned over and caught Neptune’s arm as she tried to sink her body into a ground and pound position. Neptune snarled in frustration. 
	She was so focused on keeping Neptune in check that she missed Milo sneaking around her left side. He completed the move that Neptune had started, and before Xero could process how to effectively restrain Neptune, Milo was landing solid punches in Voodoo’s face. Her skull meat made dull thwacks against his hard knuckles as her head thumped against the hollow floors. Xero could feel the blows rumble up through her boots. Radar came to her aid by pulling Milo up and off Voodoo. At least someone had someone in the group had some restraint. She was simultaneously annoyed and also grinning from ear to ear on the inside. Her associates did exactly what she had wanted to do, and the thought of just killing her right then and there crossed her mind again. No. Voodoo still had something they wanted.
	With the two attackers temporarily restrained, Voodoo tried to leap to her feet, but failed due to her fucked up leg, and she stumbled backwards until she toppled again, her upper body was partially landing in the adjacent dining room. 
	Xero swiveled, snagging Neptune and Milo by the collars with quick grabs like they were naughty children. Using her significant strength, extra height, and excellent feel for leverage, she tossed both of them onto the loveseat that had previously been occupied by her and Radar. Dropping to one knee she got very close to both of their faces. 
	“We’re probably two seconds from literally going up in flames. Sit down. Shut up. And don’t move,” she said almost too quietly to hear, but with enough force that they both tried to pull back out of range. Looking up at Radar she added, her voice flat and serious. “Don’t let them move. You know what to do if either of them tries. I don’t care if you have to shock them unconscious.” 
	In that moment she could see all of Radar’s mercenary experience reflected in his face, in his sure, relaxed body movements. He was the perfect partner for a crisis. He would take care of business, regardless of the cost. They shared a moment of complete understanding and she broke it off with a nod. 
	With Neptune and Milo occupied for the moment, she stalked into the dining room where a groggy Voodoo was fishing in her dress for something. Her face was already swelling, one of her eyes puffing up and turning black like a mushrooming thunderhead. Lines of blood ran down from her left nostril and the left corner of her lip. 
	“You just couldn’t leave it well enough alone, could you? You had to fuck with us,” Xero said and kept walking until she was straddling Voodoo’s prostrate body. Leaning down, she snatched Voodoo’s wrists to keep her from reaching whatever signaling device was hidden within the folds of her now dirty white dress. 
	Voodoo said nothing, but her jaw was set in stubborn clench, her nostrils flaring with each puff of air forced through her nose. For the tenth time that day she was glad for her unusual height—Voodoo wasn’t a small woman, and Xero used her extra size to haul her another foot across the room and plant her ass in one of the flimsy dining room chairs. The chair creaked and rocked under Voodoo’s weight and her head accidentally flopped against the adjoining table. A lacy white table cloth was draped over the dark, solid wood of the dining room table and drops of blood pooled on its slightly waxed surface before sinking into the fabric. That was one reason why Xero never wore white. 
	Voodoo was still reeling from the multiple blows, which gave Xero the chance to take control of the situation. She was able to hold both of the woman’s small wrists together just by curling one of her large fists around the delicate mocha-colored skin. With her other free hand she dug through the white dress until she found the communicator and tossed it across the room. After frisking her for more weapons or transmission devices, she released her wrists and waited for her to shake off the vertigo. 
	“Now. Let’s all just calm down now, shall we,” Xero said and continued when Voodoo remained silent. “Good. I’m glad we can finally talk like adults. So here’s the deal. You don’t actually have what we want, but as you may have guessed we’re desperate enough to take a subpar substitution. As much as you may think we’re monsters, someone we care about is dying, and we need that medication very badly. Honestly, money is great, but we’re not in short supply of it just this minute. The only thing I really want from you is the Ketocillin reagent and information about where I can get the other component. I assume you know where the other reagents are if you were able to obtain at least part of it, is that true?”
	Very slowly, Voodoo gave a single nod, her eyeballs still swirling in her head. She had to give it to Milo. It hadn’t looked like he’d hit Voodoo very hard, but he had done the job for sure. Of course the woman had already sustained some fairly major blood loss earlier in the day, so she had to give Voodoo some credit for trying to hold her shit together. 
	“Excellent. That’s just what I want to hear. So I’ll make you a deal, which I think you will find to be more than fair. I won’t kill you right now—your arrogance has made sure that you don’t have backup coming to look for you automatically after hearing this kind of struggle, or adequate weapons to defend yourself. Arrogance I can certainly understand, but you’ve fucked yourself more than once today. Might do you well to think about that, yeah?” she said. 
	She saw Voodoo getting ready to spit in her face, and she covered her mouth with a piece of her own white dress. 
	Xero laughed. “And you call me crass? You going to behave or do I need to gag you while we finish our little conversation?” she said. 
	Voodoo averted her gaze but after a few seconds of Xero staring at her she shook her head. 
	“Good. Now. We’ve already established that I won’t gut you, as much fun as that would be. My associates in the other room would certainly enjoy it, I’m sure. However, I think we can still come to an understanding. I’m willing to give you a full load of our product for free. Or almost for free, that is. I know my associate Xed asked for a rather large sum of money for the shipment, and to be honest the price he asked you for is fair, but I don’t give a shit. All I want right now is that reagent. You give me that reagent, you can have the whole cargo load, and you can spend as much time as you want testing the batch for purity and safety in any way you like, but my crew is not acting as a guinea pig just to satisfy your sick curiosity, or whatever twisted kick you’re on. If you find that the batch isn’t up to your standards or expectations or whatever it is, I’ll compensate you for the price of the Ketocillin itself or whatever comparable repayment you want. Or, you can come to Tucson and try to take out your debt in blood. Frankly, at this point I don’t care. That’s my final offer. You game?” she said. 
	Voodoo’s eyes were staring a the floor, her pupils dilated and unmoving. Without moving her gaze she said. “Okay. Deal. The other part of the reagent, ” she said, her voice flat as she paused to swallow some of the blood running from her nose into her throat. “The other reagent is in San Antonio. Talk to Alamo—you’ll have to deal with him to get your hands on any of it.” 
	Alamo. The name was obviously recognizable due to the landmark’s namesake, but she thought the moniker was also vaguely familiar. San Antonio was another dome that they didn’t travel to often. Like New Orleans, it had once been a flat and was renovated again during a period of economic improvement. It’s proximity to certain border towns associated with Calavera had kept her away because dealing in controversial territories stirred up unnecessary trouble with the cartels. It was possible that someone there might also know something about Calavera. 
	“Great. Lovely doing business with you. Could I offer you some coffee or something? Not to be an asshole or anything, but you look like shit,” she said. 
CHAPTER 26
	Even though it was of little importance, Xero was sad that they hadn’t been allowed to tour more of New Orleans while they were there. Judging how great things had gone with Voodoo, it would be the last time they’d have the opportunity to tour that dome for quite some time. She was tempted to give Milo and Neptune a real ass reaming for fucking with the deal, but in the end they had gotten what they wanted, and they hadn’t had to risk their lives or Radar’s by getting high in the middle of a freaking dome. Dealing with Xed would be the next problem, but if he was really that pissed about missing out on the cash, Xero didn’t have a problem shelling out the extra dough. Even though Xero never missed an opportunity to score some cash, it wasn’t something they were short on, and she wouldn’t mind giving him anything he wanted just to keep him from causing a fuss. 
	They had originally planned to say in New Orleans for at least another day or two, but since things had gone sour rather quickly, they were forced to hit the road far sooner than they had intended. Xero was worried about communication, considering the fact that there were several true dead zones between them and San Antonio, and they couldn’t exactly just knock on the dome and hope someone would let them inside. They needed Xed’s help, and he had probably already learned that they had screwed him over. If worst came to worse Xero would either sneak in over the back channels, or she would use what limited government connections she had forged over years. Her recent partnership with Calavera and her subsequent disappearance would at least make the likelihood of being stalked by cartel goons far less likely. That is unless the cartels thought Xero was responsible for her disappearance. She had some limited protection as the only known maker of pure Alphamine, but that wasn’t necessarily enough. One could never be too careful where the cartels were concerned. They tended to stab first and ask questions later.	
	They were traveling in two of their older supply vans that looked more credible as a touring vehicle. Xero had wanted to take the abandoned crawler that she had inherited as a result of the snafu in the desert. According to the Phoenix dome, due to the current crisis and the fact that it had been significantly altered from its factory settings due to the catastrophic accident, they didn’t even want it back. Xero thought it was yet another example of the dome governments’ conspicuous consumption and waste, but she wasn’t one to argue with free toys. Xed had still said that it would be too suspicious, and that she needed to keep a clear line between her government runs, her black market dealings, and their semi-legal band tour. Shit was getting way too complicated, but it was what they had to deal with for the moment. 
	The supply vans were definitely questionable in terms of structural integrity, but they had made the trip out there, and she had to have faith that they would make the trip back to Tucson without another major incident. She did feel slightly more secure knowing that between Radar and Neptune they should be able to repair just about anything. At least most of the roads were still intact—after the tidal waves, the government had gone through a good deal of trouble helping to restore the freeways that had been washed out. Of course, now all of those were largely abandoned and in disrepair, but it made it possible to travel in something that wasn’t an armored crawler. Still, it was a risk—even if mother nature didn’t decide to attack, they were at risk of rogue skeleton assaults or ambushes from other miscellaneous marauders. 
	Xed had a thing or two coming to him. They needed to make sure that San Antonio was ready for them, but Xero had a feeling that they already knew. Once they had cleared the New Orleans dome, she had Neptune fired up a communicator. She had wanted an engineer in each vehicle so Radar was saddled up with Milo in the rear while she led the way in the front car with Neptune. 
	“Once you get a transmission started, you give me the mic so I can give him a piece of my mind,” Xero said. 
	“You always get to have all the fun,” Neptune said and handed the communicator over to Xero. 
	“Hey there partner, methinks we’ve got a few things to talk about, don’t you?” Xero said once the communicator had clicked through. 
	“I got word that you left the city. I trust everything went well?” Xed said. 
	“Cut the fucking crap, Xed,” she said. “I can’t believe you’re still trying to play innocent with me.” 
	“Why, whatever are you talking about?” he said. 
	“You’re lucky you’re a few states away right now or I’d give you a good kick in the nuts. You fucking knew that we couldn’t get the Ketocillin from Voodoo. You fucked us over,” she said. 
	“That’s not true. I was under the impression that they had the full drug ready to go. I’m sorry to hear you weren’t able to obtain the drugs that you needed,” he said. 
	“Yeah, you’re so fucking sorry, I’m sure. How convenient that we now have a reason to keep working with you, right? Xed, I’m not a moron. Well, you may have fucked us over, but your deal got screwed at the same time. We gave the Alphamine away for free. Okay not quite for free, but in exchange for the Ketocillion reagent,” Xero said. 
	Neptune cupped her hands and directed a shout of, “Fuck you, asshole,” into the communicator. Xero glared at her and Neptune just shrugged like she couldn’t help herself. 
	“I’ll ignore that for now,” Xed said. 
	“If you want us to compensate you for the profit lost, I can do that just to avoid a fight. I don’t really care about the money right now,” Xero said. 
	“It’s fine. Right now the distribution itself and breaking into the new market is more important anyway. First one is always free, right?” he said. 
	“That is in fact what they say,” she said. 
	“Good. No harm done then. So, as your new manager, I’ve already made arrangements for you in San Antonio. I have a show booked as a cover. You brought the extra product with you, right?” he said. 
	“Yeah, we did. How convenient that you recommended carrying excess cargo,” she said. 
	“It always pays to be prepared,” he said and gave them the details of how they would need to proceed while they were in San Antonio. 
	“Wow, you’re so organized, it’s almost like you thought about all of this in advance,” Xero said, the sarcasm dripping into the communicator. 
	“I look forward to hearing about your musical and business successes in San Antonio,” Xed said and signed off before Xero could hit him with another sharp reply.
	She turned to Neptune. “I knew it. I knew that fucker would already have things ready to go in San Antonio. He knew we’d want to book it back to Tucson as soon as we had the Ketocillin—this is a convenient way for him to make us set up another distribution point and get into a new market while we’re out this way. Remind me to punch him in the face, but not till after we cure Trina,” she said. 
	Neptune stared out across the road into the green mass of swamp land that they were slogging through at a steady pace despite the uncooperative terrain. Xero preferred things to be drier. “Hey Xero,” Neptune said. “You notice anything?”
	Xero sighed and took her eyes off the road for a second to make eye contact with Neptune. “Yeah, I have. The skeletons,” she said. 
	Neptune unconsciously flexed her right fist. “We’ve conveniently had no skeleton attacks since we started working with Xed. Before you shacked up with him you were getting hit with skeletons like there was a Dia de Los Muertos blowout sale going on,” she said. 
	“Funny how that’s been working out. Until we get our fists around that Ketocillin, we play ball with Xed, but we’re going to need to have a serious meeting after we get back from San Antonio. New shit has come to light,” she said. 
CHAPTER 27
	San Antonio seemed to be doing a lot better than New Orleans. The whole city had a festive air, and it struck a nice balance between the wild old city she had known in years past and the cleanliness and order she was accustomed to seeing in all of the modern domes. She had always preferred what she considered to be the real Southwest—Arizona and New Mexico—to any area of Texas, but maybe a night or two in San Antonio wouldn’t be so unpleasant after all. 
	It was hard to tell how much of San Antonio’s River Walk was original and how much of it had been reconstructed, but it looked good as new. Hotels, restaurants, and shops lined the sunken banks along the San Antonio River, and little red boats carrying patrons floated up and down the slow moving water. Whether or not Xed had planned it that way, they were scheduled to play a gig right on the River Walk without having a chance to clean up or rest. They had taken turns catching some sleep while making the drive out there, but no one had had any proper sleep, rest, or substantial food since before they had played their first gig in New Orleans. No one wanted to perform under those conditions, but everyone was eager to make the contact with Alamo, get the Ketocillin, and get the hell out of there. 
	Fortunately, they were all still wearing their concert attire from the previous night, and being dirty and run down just added to their gothic punk aesthetic. It wasn’t the biggest of shows, but in the limited space of the River Walk, the crowd filled up the area fast and increased the hype. Capacity was reached quite quickly and after playing their first few songs people were ringing the upper railings around the region, hanging over the river trying to see what was going on down below. If Xero hadn’t been so tired and antsy to get the show on the road and finish the deal for the Ketocillin she would have loved the attention. San Antonio didn’t seem like much of a punk city, but either someone had paid them all off, or they had genuinely enjoyed the show. 
	They still hadn’t received information about where they would be staying that night, or when and where they were supposed to meet up with this Alamo character. It felt like Xed was trying to make it seem more like something that had been planned last minute, even though they were all certain he’d had this event scheduled all along. They didn’t have to wonder for long—as soon as they played through their last song, an army of handlers descended to usher them up a set of stairs and into a black SUV. 
	They were all being stored in the back of the SUV, a piece of dark glass separating the front from the back cabin so that they weren’t able to see the drivers. Neptune and Xero were in the front again while the boys sat in the backseat. You could feel the road weariness in them, the sweat and dirt showing on their faces, on their clothes, and in their scent. 
	Neptune slapped a palm against the tinted barrier. “Hey! Yo! Where are we going?” she said. 
	A male voice came over the intercom and said, “To the Alamo, of course.”
	They all looked at each other. The theme of hiding in plain sight was certainly carrying over between the remote cities, but it was still an odd concept to them. In Phoenix, everything was watched like a hawk, and business of this sort would need to be conducted in super clandestine locations—in ignored ultra underground back alleys that even Xero might think twice about walking through at night. However, since Xed had his government connections, the idea of getting everything done while sitting in plain sight was nothing short of genius if it was well-managed. If suspicion was ever thrown on one of their double agents they could just claim to have been meeting with one of the city’s hottest new bands. 
	When the car came to a stop someone came around and let them out of the vehicle. The sun outside was intense, digging into their retinas and momentarily blinding them, but when their vision cleared they found themselves standing in front of the monolithic structure of The Alamo. As Xero understood it, it was one of only a handful of national landmarks to have survived so long without having to be completely rebuilt. Impressive. It’s adobe face raised defiantly into the sky, a symbol of the rebel spirit that the state had held onto for hundreds of years. The famous monument was strangely deserted, and there were no tourists or even passersby seen milling in front of the old chapel. 
	They were ushered inside the empty landmark and quickly found that it was a good fifteen degrees cooler than the outside. Even though it was winter, San Antonio was baking. Traveling so much was giving her a broader perspective on the climate differences across the country, both in and out of the dome.  She was glad that the Grease Weasels were prepared to handle just about anything in terms of weather anomalies. Having the old university campus to mess around with gave them an additional advantage of years of experiments and notes from defunct labs with research in a variety subjects, and climate change was one they had their eye on. 
	They stood inside the inner area of the Alamo’s chapel, their escorts quickly abandoning them and closing the door as soon as they left. Xero watched the wedge of sunlight shrink to nothing as they exited through the front. From the back exit another man entered and Xero could see the grass from the gardens in his shadow before the door also shut behind him. 
	“Howdy there. Welcome to San Antonio,” he said. He was a short man, but stocky and built. He was dark skinned, with a white mustache and a matching white cowboy hat. He almost looked like he could have been a Wild West Impersonator, as it looked like he was wearing a Sheriff’s costume. 
	Xero stepped forward to shake hands. “I assume you’re Alamo,” she said. 
	“The one and only,” he said, a big grin spreading out underneath the mustache umbrella. 
	Xero coughed slightly. “Not to be rude or anything, but isn’t this whole meeting a little bit, like, meta?” she said. 
	Alamo just stared at her. “Beg your pardon?” he said. 
	“I just mean…never mind. Pleased to meet you. Thank you for the warm welcome. We could definitely use the break,” she said. 
	Alamo looked over the group—Xero stood out in front and the other three fell into line behind her, casual looking, but a closer look reveled that they were tensed, ready for anything. “You guys do look like you done come out the wrong end of a donkey,” he said. “Well, sorry to take time out of your busy day and all, but I figured we’d get things squared as soon as possible.” 
	“I really like the way you think,” Xero said. “I think we’re going to get along just fine, but I wanted to know one thing—is there a reason you decided to meet us in such a public area?” 
	“You may not believe me, but this is probably the safest place we can meet. They don’t call me Alamo just for the hell of it—this has been my territory for almost a decade. I’m the ruler of this area, and, today also happens to be a holiday. No one was going to be in here, so why not? Safest place I can think of,” he said. 
	“I suppose that does make sense,” she said. 
	“Glad to hear it. Can’t say I’m out looking for extra trouble or nothing like that. I think I’ve got something you want, and vice versa. Should be simple, right?” he said, and seemed genuine. 
	“Absolutely. Actually, you know what, I don’t know what kind of deal you were promised before, but I’m willing to give you our cargo for free, if we can get additional verification of your reagent. There’s no way we can go back home without that medication, and extra insurance would mean that much to us,” she said. 
	“I did in fact hear that you need this stuff real bad. I also hear you’re a friend of a close associate of mine, Sanchez,” he said. 
	Xero’s eyes lit up. “Yes, I am on good terms with someone named Sanchez. If you’re talking about him this way, I’m assuming that he’s back in good health? They don’t tell us lowly pits people anything,” she said. 
	Alamo looped his thumbs through his vest. “You betcha. I wouldn’t say he’s right as rain, but he’s definitely not going to kick it any time soon. Last I heard, that fact is mostly due to you. If you hadn't been around, I hear he would have been dusted,” he said. 
	“Not to brag or anything like that, but yeah, we got into a sticky situation. Sanchez did everything right, but someone got the drop on us, and we had to do whatever we could to get out of there. I’m glad he made it out alive,” she said. 
	They looked at each other, scanning retinas and irises for signs of deception. When they both reached an internal agreement, they gave a mutual nod. A little bit of trust and honesty could go a long way in the right situation. 
	“Your deal is more than fair, and I can provide whatever documentation or proof that you need to make sure my product is pure. I promise you, the reagent will work. It will take some work to get this particular compound back, but it will be worth it. Mix them right in front of me and test them for all I care—I guarantee you that it will work,” he said. 
	“Excellent. We can even do a small test here if you’re able to provide the right equipment. Not that we don’t trust you. I’m sure you’re on the up and up, but our last trade mission didn’t exactly go so well. When we’re satisfied that we have the right reagent, we’ll leave you the cargo. First one is always free,” she said and grinned. 
	“Indeed it is. I did hear that you had some trouble up in New Orleans with Voodoo, but that’s not surprising. There’s always trouble with Voodoo. New Orleans is a hard territory to deal with, whether you’re on the inside or the out. Here in San Antonio, we’re a lot more laid back and civil,” he said. 
	“Happy to hear that. How about you show me yours, I’ll show you mine?” she said. 
	“Seems like as good a place as any. Oh yeah, also I forgot to mention to you. There’s a message I’m supposed to pass on to you,” he said. 
	“Oh? From Xed?” she said. 
	Alamo walked forward a few steps and leaned in. “Gal named Calavera. Says you’ve gotta meet her ASAP in El Paso. If I were you, I wouldn’t let on to your friend Xed about that little bit of information, if you know what I mean,” he said. 
	“Oh shit,” Neptune said. 
	Milo walked forward to stand next to Xero. “You wouldn’t happen to know if she’s with another associate of ours, would you?” Milo said. 
	Alamo shook his head. “That I don’t know anything about. All I got was that one message, but given the current climate, what with everything going on in Yuma, I would keep all this under your hat. Ya’ll got a crew member missing?” he said. 
	“Yeah. Missing or dead,’ Milo said. 
	“Sorry to hear that,” Alamo said. “Best of luck to you. If ya’ll need anymore help, you let me know. Any friend of Sanchez is a friend of mine. Now once our business here is done, I can give you a good Tex Mex Meal and set you up in a nice hotel, but I have this feeling you might want to be carrying on right through to El Paso,” he said. 
	Xero looked at her weary companions. Radar was spotlighted by a beam of light coming down from one of the high windows of the old chapel. His creased face was weary but steadfast. Ready. She inhaled deeply, smelling the old clay and lingering smell of decades of tourists traipsing through the room. 
	“I would love to take you up on that offer of a hot meal, but you’re right. We need to move on to El Paso. Just out of curiosity, how did you clear this place out?” she said. 
	“Ah, well this is a government holiday, so it was shut down anyway. But this is my territory, as you may have guessed, so it’s real easy for me to put on lockdown. Plus, it’s sad to say, but ever since regular tourism travel between the domes has stopped, not many people come through here anyway. It’s better for ol’ Bessie here at least—less foot traffic keeps ‘er from falling apart,” he said. 
	“Good to know,” she said and exhaled. “Let’s get ‘er done then.” 
CHAPTER 28
	Lucky for them, El Paso was just in the pits, no dome bullshit to deal with, and similarly there was no need to deal with Xed to gain access. Given what they were finding out about Xed, it was looking like they were all thinking what no one wanted to say: maybe somehow Calavera knew what had happened to Argon. 
	It was a long slog through some harrowing country, but they were all energized by the new appearance of Calavera and the promise of being able to use the two reagents to synthesize viable Ketocillin. Milo wasn’t totally certain it would work without getting access to a real lab, but their ghetto tests at least indicated that the reagents they had were in fact genuine. 
	Originally, El Paso and Juarez had been totally separate territories like Tucson and Nogales were, but after Calavera left Juarez, the two territories had all but formally merged. Mexico and the United States were still technically two countries, but with the governments unable to actually police the borders, the only real distinctions were the ones enforced by the various cartels positioned along the border pits. She’d been on good terms with Juarez and El Paso in years past, and with their relationship with Calavera officially shorn up, there was no reason to expect anyone to cause a ruckus over their presence. In general, Xero tried to keep peaceful relations with neighboring regions whenever possible. It made for much better business. 
	When they pulled into the El Paso border area, things had changed. There used to be a dirty but at least orderly security checkpoint that Anita, the previous territory leader, ran well despite their impoverished resources. What they saw when they pulled up reminded Xero more of what Juarez looked like at the turn of the century—a total war zone. 
	Smoke was rising up in small plumes from dozens of places against the dirty skyline. Many of the grey buildings were crumbling, and though some of it looked like the wearing of time, other buildings had clearly sustained recent damage. When they approached the checkpoint, their cargo vans were swarmed with soldiers. Their grimy clothes and stricken faces told Xero that they had been in the thick of it, probably for days. If they had retained any cargo in the vans, she would have been on high alert for a supply raid, but as it was, they just needed to keep themselves safe—not something Xero was worried about now that she had a functioning team again. 
	“Stay in the vans. I’ll go out and talk to them first. If shit starts looking foul, you know what to do,” Xero said. 
	“I’ve got you covered,” Neptune said, patting a spot in her jacket where she had stowed the illegal laser. 
	After leaving San Antonio they had finally changed out of the nasty concert gear from days before and back into more combat-ready clothing since they weren’t planning on doing anymore dome surfing. They were all in Army drabs, cargo pants, and tactical boots. Xero actually preferred to travel in more style than that, or at least with more functional armor, but at least they were more mobile and ready for a fight this way. 
	Two soldiers in full gear, complete with old world gas masks approached her. 
	“We know who you are,” the one on the right said. “She’s not here, and if you know what’s good for you, you won’t be here either.” 
	“Shit,” Xero said. “Skeleton attacks?”
	“What do you think?” the one on the left said. 
	“They’re looking for Calavera. We were given orders to funnel you guys her way if you came by, but then as you can see, things went to shit. Calavera bailed, and so should you. Get out of town. If they’re looking for her, they may be looking for you, and we don’t need anymore shit here. Leave before we need to make you,” the other said. 
	“Fuck. We don’t want anymore trouble either. We’ll be moving along now,” she said. 
	After climbing back in the vehicle, she relayed the information to the rest of the crew. 
	“Sorry guys. I thought this was our chance to finally get our hands on Calavera and get some answers. We don’t know where she ran to, but maybe we’ll get lucky and she decided to come on back to South Tucson. Let’s get back home, start trying to cook up the Ketocillin, and put together one big fucking bitch hunt,” she said. 
CHAPTER 29
	Xero was in the control room, fiddling with some of Neptune’s gadgets to make sure she wasn’t missing any transmissions from Calavera or other important parties, when she heard a loud crash. 
	“Fuck! Fuck this organization, fuck Xed, fuck that cunt ass Cajun bitch, and fuck this goddamn bowling alley!” she heard Milo yell from the front of the building. 	
	The banging continued, and Xero ran out of the office. Milo’s face was redder than his hair, and tears were streaming quietly down his face as he lobbed bowling balls down the restored lanes. He was tossing them like they were shot puts and as they landed in the old wood, big craters opened up underneath the heavy balls, dotting the lanes like someone slowly poking holes in Swiss cheese by hand. 
	“Whoa there buddy,” Xero said. “Calm down and tell me what happened.” 
	Milo spun around, a neon orange bowling ball clutched in his right hand, ready to throw. Xero put her hands up in a gesture of surrender, but Milo was too emotional to notice Xero preparing to disarm him. She snatched the ball from his hand and simultaneously dodged behind him, grabbing his collar and sweeping a leg across his feet. He landed safely with his ass in one of the white bucket chairs, too stunned to say anything. 
	Footsteps pounded across the room as Neptune’s compact body lurched out of another office. “What the fuck is going on out here?” she said when she saw the destruction on the lanes. She was wielding a machete and jabbing at Milo and Xero. 
	“Everyone just calm the fuck down. Neptune, I love you, but if you ever shake a fucking machete in my face again, I will shove it right up your ass,” Xero said, still holding the neon bowling ball. 
	Neptune lowered the machete but didn’t drop it. She put her free hand on her hip. “Look boss, I don’t care who’s the causing trouble. Even if it’s you having a full on freak out I gotta put a stop to it, comprende? And it looks like you got caught red handed ruining my fine craftsmanship,” she said, motioning to the destroyed lanes. 
	“It’s not me, obviously,” she said and pointed down to Milo who had begun sobbing openly, his head buried in his hands. 
	“Oh Jesus. Milo, dude, what’s wrong man?” Neptune said. 
	Xero put down the bowling ball and put a hand on Milo’s back. He knocked it away with quick smack that echoed down the lanes. Neptune started to raise the machete again, but Xero motioned for her to drop it again. 
	“Just give him a minute,” Xero said. 
	They waited, but Milo wouldn’t even raise his head, and the sobs were coming in waves that traveled up through his body like small earthquakes. 
	“Yo boss, you think we oughtta give him a sedative or something? He’s fucking lost it,” Neptune said, poking the machete in his direction for emphasis. 
	“Dude, stop pointing that thing at him like he’s going to go all slaughterhouse on us. It’s fucking Milo for fuck’s sake,” she said. 
	Neptune shrugged. “Milo might not look like much, but he’s got some fighting chops on him still. I’ve seen people go crazy in this desert and just start stabbing people for no reason. I don’t let anyone get the drop on me—not even my own mother,” she said. 
	Xero rolled her eyes. “Okay fine, just watch where you point that thing—seeing as how Milo’s going to have a hard time sewing himself up if you get twitchy and run him through,” she said. 
	Milo seemed to be oblivious to both the machete pointed in his direction and the conversation they were having about him. Xero tried to get his attention several more times, but he just sat there, his sobs growing more hysterical by the minute. 
	“Keep an eye on him, but don’t stab him,” Xero said and walked into one of the back bedrooms. She came back with a groggy Radar in tow. 
	“You really want me to do that?” he said. “What’s gotten into him?”
	Xero dragged him across the floor until he was adjacent to Milo. “I don’t know, that’s what we need to find out. If it’s something really dangerous, we might need to know sooner rather than later,” she said. 
	Radar scratched his head dubiously. “Okay, if you say so,” he said. 
	Neptune cocked her head, trying to figure out what they were talking about, but the answer came before she had to think for too long. Radar put a hand on Milo’s shoulder and before he could knock it away, his body jumped, then stiffened. Radar grabbed Milo’s other shoulder and laid him across another chair so that his upper body was supported between the two seats. He wasn’t unconscious, but he was stunned enough not be able to move, and he stopped crying. 
	“Did you just shock him?” Neptune said and looked at Xero. “You’re worried about me stabbing him, but you tell Mr. Robot here to light him up like a Christmas tree?” 
	“It was just a mild shock, he’ll be fine,” Xero said. 
	Milo was breathing at a more regular pace and after shaking his head back and forth a few times, he tried to sit back up again. Radar tried to help him, but he shied away from his touch. “Thanks, I’ve got this,” he said in a quiet, shaky voice. 
	“Sorry about that,” Radar said. 
	Milo ignored him and just looked straight at Xero. “It’s not working. It won’t work—it can’t work. I can’t make it. I don’t have the equipment here to make it happen,” he said. 
	“The Ketocillin?” Xero said. 
	He averted his eyes before answering. “Yes. I can’t make it here. We need equipment that they would only have in one of the big fabrication labs in one of the domes that still has a manufacturing industry. The two reagents are authentic, but I can’t get the molecules to fuse without some fancy equipment that we probably never had out in our shitty academic labs,” he said. 
	Xero squatted down on her heels till she was eyelevel with Milo. “It’s not over yet. We can find a way. We’ll figure something out. There’s always a way,” she said. 
	Milo hung his head and shook it quickly, his hands shooting up to spastically clench tufts of hair. “That’s not the only problem. Her lungs are too damaged. Even if we were to get her the Ketocillin today, it would be too late. She would slowly die if we couldn’t figure out a way to repair her lungs too,” he said. 
	“Look Milo. One step at a time. We can’t make the decision just to let her die—not while she’s not able to make that decision for herself. We get the drugs, we kill the fungus, then we figure out what to do next. In the meantime, you can look into other options, but we don’t just give up. Got it?”
	Small tears were leaking out of his eyes again, but he held it together and gave her one hard nod. 
	Xero returned his nod and said, “Good. Grease Weasels never give up.” 
CHAPTER 30
	It wasn’t something that anyone wanted to have to deal with. After the last run to Phoenix went so spectacularly badly, it was the last place any of them wanted to travel. Knowing what a pain in the ass Xed was being, none of them wanted anything to do with him either, but they had little choice. The normally tranquil Milo was on edge, and as a group they resolved to keep him out of contact with Xed during the excursion. Ever since he’d come back from their trip out east to discover Trina’s lungs had become irreparably damaged, he had been a total mess, alternately full or rage and catatonic. Xero had been hesitant to even use him in the band just in case he had a full on meltdown, but Xed had insisted that they really needed a full band in order to make the gig believable. The Phoenix dome had always been a lot more regulated than some of the smaller domes, and they had to move cautiously, even with Xed’s support. 
	The gig passed without incident, but the crowd could obviously feel their half-hearted efforts—no one wanted to be playing music with such dire consequences sitting over their heads. Even if they managed to synthesize the Ketocillin, if they didn’t think of some other way to repair her lungs, she would die anyway. Milo seemed to think that even a rapid healing process wouldn’t help her out due to the extent of the damage. The only thing that would really help would be a lung transplant, and that was one of the most difficult things to get ahold of. Due to the number of individuals dying from lung disease, most corpses didn’t yield viable lungs, and only the highest of political diplomats or other similarly important dome figures were ever viable to them. Xed said that even he couldn't help her out with that one, unless the right circumstances came along, and she could be long dead before something like that happened. 
	After making it through the concert itself, Xero sent everyone back to the hotel Xed had set up for them on the edge of town—close, but not too close to his own domicile. She gathered that it was far enough out of the center of town to be less monitored by the feds and close enough to Xed that he could keep an eye on them. Xero volunteered to go deal with Xed while the rest of them waited for someone to transport everyone to a lab facility. 
	Once a black car dumped her at Xed’s porch, he opened the door just before she knocked. He was wearing another button up shirt, but this time he was dressed all in black, save for a plain white tie making a long skunk stripe down his chest. His dress pants were pressed with perfect pleats, and he wore shiny black shoes. 
	He pushed his square glasses up his nose. “So nice of you to join me again,” he said. 	
	“You know, it’s just right across the street from us really,” Xero said and followed him inside the house. 
	“I figure that you’re hungry, so I put out a nice spread for us,” he said. Over his shoulder she could see his dining room table spread out with piles of food, like it was an old world Thanksgiving. 
	Xero curled up her lip in an exaggerated smirk. “You think that something like throwing a little bit of food my way is going to make me forget the fact that you’ve been fucking with us this whole time?” she said but followed him to the table. The smell of the food was intoxicating—they hadn’t eaten all day since they had skipped the usual government checkpoint at the Casa Grande flats and instead pressed on through straight to Phoenix. 
	“Not to be rude, but I think you may find it easier to discuss business once you’ve eaten something and are feeling better. I have a good feeling that your friends should be leaving for the lab very shortly, and given the fact that I’ve managed to get you access to a top notch facility, I have confidence that they will be successful with synthesizing the Ketocillin. I’ll add that in my services I’ve included high-level security that should keep anyone from being discovered,” he said. 
	“Is that a threat? What did you bring me here to discuss?” she said. 
	He smiled and sat down at the head of the table in front of a whole roasted ham. He motioned for her to take a seat next to him. Lured by the food, she reluctantly complied. 
	He laced his fingers together on the table. “I’m sorry you’re thinking of it that way. It’s not a threat at all. If I wanted to get you apprehended, I could do that at any time, independent of the lab access. Getting your business associates thrown in jail is just bad business,” he said. 
	Xero looked back and forth between him and the ham. “As big of an asshole as you are, I have to respect your slimy cutthroat business practices. It cuts both ways, but I can see why you’ve been so successful,” she said. As much as she hated him for manipulating her crew, she still saw elements of herself in him, and it was narcissistically appealing. 
	“In our line of work, certain compromises are inevitable, right?” he said and began piling ham onto her plate. “I’m sorry about your friend, but it sounds like she was going to be in hot water even if you’d gotten the Ketocillin delivered in a more timely fashion, am I right?”
	Xero took a breathe and suppressed the automatic flush of rage she experienced after he mentioned Trina and the wild goose chase he sent them on to find the Ketocillin. 
	“It’s hard to say—all I know is that if she dies, I can’t promise to keep my crew under control,” she said. 
	“I certainly don’t bear any of you ill will. As a token of my appreciation for acquiescing to this latest gig, I will also try and help think of ways we might be able to get your friend a lung transplant. Even I can’t promise anything, but I will do my best,” he said. 
	Xero was too hungry to resist, and she started shoveling ham into her face with her fingers. Xed tried to hand her a fork, but she waved him off. He stared at her with a look of mixed horror and fascination. 
	“We’re real monsters down in the pits—forks are a luxury, don’t you know?” she said around a mouthful of greasy pork. 
	“You certainly have character,” he said. 
	“So what did you bring me here for?” she said. “You wanted to pretend like we’re having a nice business lunch or something?”
	Xed poured himself a glass of water and took a swig. “I did in fact want to discuss our future business arrangements. Now, I know you haven’t seen any profits yet, considering the…creative way in which you handled the situations in New Orleans and San Antonio, but there is a huge profit to be gained. Enough to let you expand your territory across the whole Southwest eventually. The load of Alphamine you brought today alone will bring in several million,” he said. 
	“And you would like to expand your reach out to domes across the country,” she said. 
	“That is correct. I think you’ll be happy to know that you were very well-received as a band. With my marketing efforts and the real popularity of your music, we could have new customers in domes across the country just within a few months,” he said. 
	Dollar signs didn’t light up in Xero’s eyes, but she couldn’t help but be tempted by the cash and the fame, two of her favorite things. Xed was a lying, manipulative asshole, but his skill at coercion was impressive, and he had in fact gotten them access to many things they never would have been able to reach on their own. 
	“You hear anything else about Calavera or what’s going on with all the terrorism and rogue skeletons,” Xero said. “Conveniently, we didn’t run into any trouble on our latest travels.”
	Xed shook his head slowly and took another small sip of water. His eyes were empty and expressionless, the ultimate poker face. “No. Sadly, I have failed in gathering any additional intelligence. The skeletons are eluding my capture. Calavera trained them well,” he said. “You’re sure you haven’t heard anything from her?” 
	Using her fingers, she fished a scoop of mashed potatoes directly from a large bowl on the table and sucked it into her mouth. “No. Nothing. And I’ll be honest—until we figure out how to save our friend and locate our other missing crew member, I really don’t give a shit,” she said. 
	They studied each other for a moment, both knowing that they weren’t being totally honest with each other, and coming to a silent agreement to let it go. 
	“Well then, I suppose that’s all there is to say on that for the moment. It’s your call now how we should proceed,” he said. 
	She said nothing and stared him right in the eye, a small smile playing at the corners of her mouth. After swallowing another wad of ham, she reached a greasy hand out and wrapped it around his tie, leaving oily streaks across the clean fabric. Using the tie, she pulled him towards her face and jammed her tongue, slippery with pork fat, deep into his mouth. He resisted for a minute, and then kissed her back, the tips of his sharp canines biting into her soft tongue flesh. 
	Xero kept his head captive by holding onto his tie, like he as a dog on a short leash, but he pulled back an inch, caught his breath, and said, “You’re rather dirty. Care for another bath?” 
CHAPTER 31
	The hotel reminded her of an old world bed and breakfast, but they were thankfully granted the kind of privacy such institutions didn’t typically afford. Other than Xed’s security task force keeping any government spooks off their trail, they were blessedly free of any disturbance. The room was styled like a rustic dude ranch—pastel desert scenes adorned the walls, and the bedposts were made from raw wood. She had to give it to Xed for his peculiar sense of style. 
	Neptune and Radar were leaning against a back wall while Milo sat on the bed staring at something in his hands. 
	“So? What’s the verdict?” Xero said. 
	“We did it. We have the drug,” he said and held up a large vial filled with a milky liquid. His voice was shaky and his face was filled with sadness. 
	Xero swallowed another swell of anger. How dare someone fuck with her crew, even if in the end that person was God. Xero didn’t actually believe in any gods or goddesses for that matter, but she did believe in convenient scapegoats. 
	“We were able to make extra too, just in case anyone else happens to come down with this shit again,” Neptune said. 
	Radar gestured to a collection of vials that were staged on the bathroom counter behind him. “I know this isn’t what you want to hear, but doing it this way, by using the reagents and that really fancy lab equipment Xed got us access to, we actually ended up with a little surplus of this stuff. It’s probably worth a fortune, but the value of keeping this on hand is immeasurable,” he said. “Beautiful engineering in that lab—haven’t laid my eyes on anything like that in years.” 
	“Xed’s not really as bad as we’ve made him out to be. In some ways he may have done us a favor—for all we know Trina may have already been headed to this point anyway, and now we have excess Ketocillin to use in another emergency,” Xero said. 
	Milo’s fist closed around the vial, and she could see his knuckles turn white and his veins bulge as he gripped the glass. “How dare you say that! After we get back from here we should cut off all contact with that monster. He killed Trina!” Milo said and began crying again. 
	Neptune came around and put one hand on his shoulder and extracted the vial with her other hand. “Hey, calm down there buddy. Trina’s not dead yet, and if you’re not careful you’re going to break that damned vial,” she said. 
	Milo kept crying, but she safely put the vial back on the counter with the rest of the others. 
	Xero frowned, hating to see her normally composed and sanguine colleague breaking apart at the seams. “It’s not over yet. As much as we don’t like him, we can’t cut off contact just yet. He’s promised to help us get a transplant for Trina if we keep working with him. Now, I know that he’s not trustworthy, and that he has fucked around with us, but in the end he has still held up his end of the bargain,” she said. 
	Radar squinted at her from across the room. Her green hair was still damp from her romp with Xed, and the wet strands of her overgrown Mohawk flopped down across her forehead like pieces of nuclear seaweed. 
	He scowled. “You goddamn cunt, you fucked him again, didn’t you?” he said and marched across the room, stopping just inches from her face. He sniffed the air. “You smell like him, you dirty slut. How could you?”
	Xero stood her ground, not flinching or moving. “You know what dude, I like you, so I’m not going to kick you in the fucking nuts, but this is your only warning. You talk to me like that one more time, and I guarantee that you will regret it,” she said, her voice flat, her eyes blank like the contract killer she sometimes became. 
	She looked down and saw small sparks dancing at his fingertips. Xero looked back up again and met his eyes, daring him to do it. 
	“Radar. You touch the boss, and you’re going to be in a world of pain. Back off,” Neptune said, pulling the laser out of her pocket. 
	Radar stood there, his hands flashing with electricity, Xero refusing to break his stare. With a grunt of frustration Radar finally squelched the sparks, and with a loud popping sound the current stopped flowing. He trudged to the other side of the room to the corner across from where Milo was still weeping, and folded his arms. 
	It was going to be a fun ride back to Tucson. 
CHAPTER 32
	The sky was dark and clear, clearer than she’d ever seen it before. Stars she never even knew existed splattered against the black canvas of the night sky. They were up high enough that they had escaped much of the pollution that typically clouded their view of the heavens. The dark sky law active in the city below kept any light pollution from obscuring their view, and it was not surprising to Xero that Kitt Peak had once been an international astronomy research station. 
	It was freezing, and despite heavy layers of insulated black clothing Xero could feel the cold ripping through her legs and eating away at her toes. She clenched her teeth against the painful cold and gripped her laser tight to avoid dropping it from her numb fingers. As she gazed at the hypnotic stars, she saw a bright object moving slowly across the sky. At first she thought it was a shooting star, but after it remained hanging in the air, slowly gliding along at a leisurely pace, she realized it was a satellite. It was an even rarer find, considering there were almost no satellites left in the sky after the great harvest, and one was rarely in a place with clear enough air to see much of any astronomical phenomena. 
	“Pinche cabrón, stop fucking around and get inside here,” Calavera said. 
	“I’m coming, it’s not like you haven’t been missing in action for weeks or anything,” she said. 
	She followed the dim outline of the short woman across a cement patio, past an abandoned observing dome, and inside an old building. The glass doors were cracked, but still intact, and she carefully closed them behind her, thinking of the rushing winds that would follow them inside if she were to finish punching out the fragile material. 
	Calavera flipped on a switch and the room flooded with red light. “Red light keeps your night vision going, and it’s harder to see from a distance. I learned something up here,” she said. 
	The room looked like a small museum or tourist center, with what looked like the remains of a gift shop, a lecture area with chairs, and some small educational exhibits. It was hard to tell how old everything was in the dim red light, but posters were hanging by corners from the wall, the gift shop had been ransacked, and there were leaves and debris spread across the floor. It had been abandoned for some time. 
	“I didn’t know this place was even still up here,” she said. 
	“You have no idea the kind of deals I had to make to get in here—the Tohono don’t let people onto their lands for almost any reason, and even us skeletons have never wanted to bother them. They’ve been on these lands longer than anyone,” she said, and Xero respected the woman more. The Grease Weasels and everyone from their territory knew that going onto the Tohono O’odham lands southwest of Tucson were forbidden. Native American cultures had survived things over the centuries that few other groups could comprehend, and in these times of desperation, that was something to be respected. 
	In the red light Xero could faintly see shiny spots where someone had put clear tape over the cracks in the door, and she was glad for the extra wind protection. Just getting clear of the wind chill raised the temperature by a good ten or fifteen degrees. Calavera stripped off her rigid skeleton helmet, revealing her tattooed face underneath. Most of the recent sugar skull tattoo designs were clean and filled in with bright solid color that she could see as solid dark marks in the glow of he red light, but the older tattoos were faded and barely visible in the diminished light. She’d been at this for a long time. 
	She took a second to untangle her curly black hair and stowed the stiff but foldable headgear into back pocket of her jacket. “Follow me—the labs are in the back,” she said. 
	Xero was still wary of being attacked, but she had the laser ready to go, and relying on her good intuition about people’s behavior, she was fairly sure that Calavera was still on her side. At least she hoped that she was right—if she got jumped by a bunch of skeletons there would be no help coming for her. She’d left a note for the other Grease Weasels about needing to attend to some business after receiving the communication from Calavera. Neptune would be furious when she found out Xero had gone off on her own rogue mission, but Calavera had been insistent that only she come. The tribal leaders wouldn’t allow anymore outsiders onto their land, and asking to let Xero on had already been a stretch. 
	The light change was shocking. They opened up the door to a backroom that looked like it had once been a planetarium at one point in time, but had been gutted for use as an extended lab space. The elongated space ran into what had probably been a fabrication room for telescope construction, and bright halogen lights flooded the light-sealed room. The red glow of the outer visitors center stopped once the door slammed behind them. 
	Her retinas burned with the influx of light, and when her eyes finally adjusted she still had to blink a few times before accepting what she saw. 
	“You sneaky bastard!” she yelled and ran forward. 
	“Sorry about the secrecy,” Argon said around the muffle of Xero’s arms. They gave each other a long, sincere hug. 
	Argon jumped when Calavera snuck around behind him and spanked his ass hard. “Ay, Papi, stop fooling around with other women,” she said. 
	Xero took a step back and eyeballed Argon. “You’re shacking up with this lezzie chola? I don’t know what to be more surprised about—the fact that you’re fucking this puta, or the fact that you’ve been living in a secret mountain lab for the past month,” she said. 
	“Oye, watch it there,” Calavera said. “Don’t be jealous because he likes my sweet ass better than yours.” 
	Xero made and exaggerated eye roll. “Fine by me, I’ve got enough man troubles right now as it is,” she said. 
	Calavera widened her eyes. “You got a boyfriend? I’ll believe that when I see it,” she said. 
	Argon was actively blushing. “Look, as much as I’d love to sit here and girl talk with you both, we have some serious shit to deal with,” he said. 
	“Damn right. This bitch wouldn’t tell me a fucking thing about what’s going on, other than it’s something to do with Xed. Believing that slime ball Xed is up to no good is not hard to imagine, but I’m going to need some details here guys,” Xero said. 
	“You look half frozen. Why don’t I bring you something hot to warm up with and we’ll go over everything?” Argon said. 
	Xero shrugged. Her hands were still feeling like polar bear tits. “I’m never one to argue against creature comforts while the world burns down around you.” 
	“Yeah yeah, sit your ass down while I get you something to drink. Babe, come help me carry stuff,” he said to Calavera and Xero had to shake her head at the term of endearment. That was one relationship she never expected. 
	They came back with big steaming Styrofoam mugs full of cheap instant hot cocoa that very well might have been there since the center closed down. The powder clumped on the surface of the hot water, and Xero didn’t want to think about how long ago the place had been shut down, but she was grateful for its pleasing aroma and the sensation that it brought back to her fingertips. Argon had them sit down in some of the intact theater seating in the old planetarium. 
	“So here’s what happened,” Argon said, but Calavera interrupted him. 
	“Espera, let me tell it first,” she said. 
	“Experience has taught me not to argue with armed women,” Argon said and Xero laughed. She’d probably beaten on him a few too many times. 
	Calavera punched him in the arm anyway and some of the hot chocolate splashed onto the floor. 
	“Alright, so you know me and you and just made a deal, and everything was cool, you know? Well, one day I get contacted by this guy, this Xed. He wants to make me a deal too. He says I should join him because he’s planning on taking over the domes, you know like killing everyone inside of them like they did in the Australian genocides. Said he’s going to use some rare poison gas that you can’t defend against, can’t use gas masks with because it’s absorbed through your skin. He said he wanted me to join him because I had good soldiers that would help the cause, and we could be partners in the revolution. Then he gave me some spiel about oppression and race riots and some other history shit. Guy’s a real whack job. I tell him to shove it, and of course he tells me that I’ll be sorry, that he’ll steal my army from him anyway. I thought he was crazy, but turns out I was wrong. A lot of my crew were mad about the peace treaty with your territory, and that was all he needed to steal a bunch of them. When my own turned against me, I had to go into hiding,” she said. 
	“Oh shit, so the attacks against me, he was using the skeletons to make me distrust you, make me more likely to side with him in defense. I’ll give you this—your skeletons are tough ass fighters. Almost took me out a few times—annoying as fuck,” Xero said. She took a sip of gritty hot chocolate, savoring the warmth and trying to ignore the texture. 
	She laughed. “Yeah, I train some tough ass vatos. We don’t fuck around. Not everyone turned against me, of course, just the real shit bags. Everyone has a price,” she said. 
	“Thankfully Xed couldn’t find that price for everyone. When you left for the domes, some of Calavera’s real crew along with some of the traitors both showed up. I might have gotten iced if some of them hadn’t helped save my hide. They knew that we were allies, so they helped me escape from the flats and back out to one of Calavera’s safe houses,” Argon said. 
	“We needed to stay hidden because Xed’s got eyes and ears everywhere, but I managed to get some information from a few of my skeletons that went double agent. Picking up dork boy here was a real great find cuz I figured we needed to decide out what to do about this chemical attack that supposedly has no defense. I got a sample of the chemical from one of my double agents so this guy could try and figure out what it is and how to beat it,” she said. 
	Xero pointed her finger at Argon. “I always knew you were a sharp guy. You’re a lucky bitch—I can’t think of a better chemist out there,” she said and looked at Calavera. 
	“We’re all lucky bitches—with a chemical weapon like that out there, we’re all in danger,” Calavera said. 
	“I work much better with Trina as my partner, but that wasn’t exactly an option,” he said. 
	“So why has he been messing with me, getting us to peddle Alphamine to the domes?” Xero said. 
	“The shit that he cooked up is nasty—toxic via the lungs and the dermis, but you know the domes all have decent venting systems in the event of any kind of chemical leak. He needs something to work as quickly as it can for maximum carnage,” he said.  
	“Oh fuck. Alphamine is a bronchodilator,” Xero said. 
	Argon nodded. “The more people he gets doped up on Alphamine, the more people die before anyone can vent the domes, and the easier it is to take over the local government. The intel Calavera gathered says that his initial test targets are going to be Phoenix, San Antonio, and New Orleans—domes big enough to make a statement, but smaller than the real hubs like Los Angeles or New York,” he said. 
	“I’m assuming Yuma was him too. Why blow up Yuma then if he wants to take over the domes, not just destroy them?” she asked. 
	“I have to say, I was pretty impressed that my skeletons had the chops to blow up a whole dome. Nothing like that’s gone down in my lifetime. Anyway, if I had to guess why he took out Yuma, I’d say because it’s the only real link between Phoenix and Los Angeles. Without Yuma, those dome enforcers will have a hell of a time trying to leap frog over that much desert without some kind of a way to refuel. People are liable to run out of oxygen in the dead zones and never make it across. Also, like you were saying earlier, Yuma was the only easy place to get premade Ketocillin this side of the Mississippi, and with that gone he had another easy tool for tricking your crew into distributing the Alphamine,” she said. 
	“Have you been reading the art of war or something? You’re getting good at this strategy stuff,” Xero said. 
	“Cállate la boca. I didn’t get this far just by dumb luck, you know,” Calavera said. 
	Argon put a hand on her shoulder. “I did help out with putting a lot of this together,” he said like a child eager to impress his teacher. 
	“Two halves of a brain do make one, I suppose,” Xero said, and they both made sour faces. 
	“Puta,” Calavera said. 
	“Ladies, let’s not fight. We’ve got bigger fish to fry,” he said. “It’s taken all this time, but I’ve come up with an antidote that will actually exploit the same pathways that Alphamine does—in fact it’s something of an analogous molecule. If you’ve taken Alphamine with it, the antidote will actually work better. I’m calling it Betadote for now,” he said. 
	Xero slowly nodded her head in approval. “Betadote, clever, I like it. I don’t say it often enough, but you are actually a genius. At least, at some things,” she said. 
	Argon sighed. “You can never just give me a compliment, can you?” he said. 
	“So, now what’s the next step?” Xero said. “We’ve got the antidote, so I assume we can give it to everyone we know to protect themselves. Question is, what about the people in the domes?” 
	“You can’t be serious, right? We have to give it to them. We can’t just let Xed murder everyone and let another Australia happen. We can take out Xed, but that doesn’t guarantee that he hasn’t set up provisions in case just such a thing happens. People need the antidote,” he said. 
	Calavera and Xero shared a look. “We don’t have to do anything,” Xero said. “What we should do is consider what’s in it for us. What do we have to gain?” 
	“Este marimacha over here is right. We have a few options,” Calavera said. It was that sense of ruthlessness that made them able to get along as partners. 
	She thought of Radar and how he had reacted to the dying dome citizens when Yuma had gone up like a Roman candle, and she was glad that he wasn’t here to witness this discussion. His parents had been dome dwellers. If they decided to let the dome people die, he’d be a million times more mad than when he found out that she’d fucked Xed again. Maybe even angry enough to kill her. Xero liked a man with real convictions. 
	“I think Argon’s right. There’s a lot for us to potentially gain from saving the domes. Think of the cash. We can hit this thing from two directions. We sell the Betadote and Alphamine cocktail on the black market and we make a ton of cash,” Xero said. 
	“What about the rest of the population that doesn’t buy shit off the black market?” Argon said. 
	“This is where we make even more cash. We use Sanchez, a buddy of mine on the government side. I saved his life in one of the skeleton attacks, and I seem to have built up a network of trusty sidekicks around that good deed. We tell him to set up a dummy government program, like an FDA vitamin regimen, otherwise everyone is going to die. They do shit like that all the time anyway—I’m sure someone can figure out a way to rig that up and keep it all on the down low. Trick is, we don’t give the Betadote away for free. We charge out the ass for it, and they’ll have to come up with the cash from somewhere. They’ll understand that making something like this isn’t cheap, and hopefully won’t mind a nominal fee for something so important. We walk away a lot richer, they all walk away a lot less dead, everybody wins,” Xero said. 
	Argon was trying to look disgusted at her plan to extort everyone for a lot of money in exchange for something so necessary, but she could see those same dollar signs floating through his imagination, curling the corners of his mouth into a smile. He wanted it just as much as the rest of them. 
	“It’s not the most altruistic of plans, but it could certainly work. Only problem is, we’re going to need access to the dome so you can get in contact with Sanchez, and I assume we still want to kill Xed and try to prevent all of this in the first place,” Argon said. 
	“Xed’s gotta be dead—we don’t kill him now and this shit will all get messy as hell. Xed was our ticket into the domes before, but we can’t let him know we’re coming. We’ll need some time to set everything up, and he can’t know that we’ve made contact with Sanchez. We’ll need some kind of coming and going privileges,” Xero said. 
	Calavera bit her lip. “My hands are a little bit tied right now. I’ve got skeletons looking for me all over the place. When I tried to rendezvous with you in El Paso, you saw what happened. Xed wants me dead real bad so that I can’t tip you off. Lousy job he did of that,” she said. 
	She thought through all of her known connections, but none of them would be able to get her the dome access that they really needed to make this thing happen. Then she thought back to the satellite she’d spotted floating around space earlier. Her mind drifted into the past, when she’d been with Evan, before he died. He’d been so clever, so brilliant. He taught her about things she never would have learned otherwise. At the time he had told her how it was possible to hijack one of the satellites if you were able to get any kind of information about where it was traveling. There were decommissioned trains that still ran underground from the Tohono territory because the government didn’t have the authority to enter their lands and completely remove them. If she could use her language skills to talk with the computers and the native peoples, there just might be a chance of getting the thing running again.  
	“I think I have an idea,” she said. 
CHAPTER 33
	Xero banged her fist against the door of Xed’s upscale office in downtown Phoenix. “Ding dong, motherfucker,” she said. 
	A surprised Xed opened the door, and he struggled to get his facial expression under control. “What happened to my secretary?” he said. 
	Xero folded her arms across her chest. “She’s taking a nap. Can I come in?” she said. 
	Xed bit his tongue but gestured for her to come inside. She walked ahead of him and plopped her ass down behind his desk in the nicely upholstered chair. She slid backwards a few inches and threw her feet up on the desk, smudging red Sonoran desert clay all over his papers. “Why don’t you have a seat—lay down on the couch if you’d like, tell me about how your mommy and daddy never loved you enough,” she said. 
	He hesitated, but actually obliged her by taking a seat on his patient’s couch. “What do you want?” he said. 
	“Like I just said. Tell me about your parents. What happened to make you so goddamned fucked up that you’d want to kill several million people?” she said. 
	“Calavera,” he said. “She found you.” 
	Xero didn’t respond. “I’m waiting. I can help you free associate if you want. I did a whole psychoanalysis cycle in graduate school,” she said. 
	Xed cocked his head to the side, thinking. “If you really must know, my parents were born in the domes, but they were kicked out when they had a child that was marked for the flats. They lived for awhile, suffering, but eventually they died. I grew up struggling to survive in the flats without a family. So yes. You could say that I hold some animosity towards the domes and how they like to handle things like basic human rights,” he said. 
	Xero pulled her feet off the desk, dragging a stack of ruined papers with her. “Funny how a guy like you could talk about something like human rights. You’ve got an odd way of expressing humanitarian efforts. Mass genocide hasn’t been considered humane since the time of the old world Nazis,” she said. 
	“New World Order. Nothing will change unless we make drastic changes. Sometimes, there has to be sacrifices. You should know that better than most,” he said. 
	Xero shrugged. “I may not make the most ethical of choices myself, but I’ve never claimed to be a humanitarian. I do what I do for selfish reasons, and I’m okay with that,” she said. 
	“We’re not so different, you and I. And yet, here you are, pretending like you’re better than me,” he said. 
	Xero clucked her tongue and wiped her feet on the light grey carpet. “No, I’m not better than you, and I can see that we are indeed a lot alike. With a few key differences—I’m not a mass murderer and a narcissistic despot. Something’s gone kablooey in your head man, you’re over the edge and under-medicated. And more importantly, you’ve fucked with my friends, and that’s something I can’t forgive,” she said. 
	“You haven’t even heard my offer. I was going to ask you to join me here to talk about another business proposition, but it seems that you’ve jumped the gun on me. Would you consider being partners? I admire the way you run things down in Tucson. The way you’ve implemented sustainable energy practices and a justice system that actually has some amount of justice in it still. That’s what we need in the domes. We need a world where people’s parents don't get tossed out into the open atmosphere to die just because they or their children have a genetic advantage,” he said. 
	She stopped and actually seriously considered his offer. Those were in fact things that she agreed with, and despite the relatively cushy life she’d set up in the pits, she too had been thrown out on her ass to die at one point, and she had a roiling hatred for the dome governments with all their arbitrary rules and inhumane regulations. 
	“Your offer is somewhat tempting, I must admit,” she said. 
	“Judging from the timing of your visit, I’m guessing you used the skeletons to find out what I had planned for this afternoon. As you’re considering my offer, I will tell you that if you decide to kill me, it won’t stop a thing. Everything is set to go off automatically, whether I’m alive or not. You won’t be able to escape in time. However, I have a spray that you can use. It will coat your skin and keep the gas from penetrating your nervous system. If you agree to certain things, then I will let you use the applicator machine before the gas is released,” he said. 
	She stuck an index finger in her mouth, pondering her next move. She pulled out the finger and used it to beckon him towards her. He smiled, knowing that he’d won. She stood up, leaving a weak trail of mud on his carpet like an old skid mark. His tie today was red against a white shirt, and she used it again to pull his face into hers for another sloppy kiss. 
	“You always have such a convenient handle with these ties,” she said after releasing him from the kiss. “Which is nice, because I like to keep my dog on a leash.” 
	He started to say something, but the rest of his air went into a strangled cry. Xero grunted as she stabbed him five times in quick succession, using her hold on his tie to keep him from escaping. Kidneys, stomach, liver, intestines, lungs. Everything but the heart. He would die, but just not as quickly. 
	“Damn, Xed, you fail the final exam. Couldn’t read my eyes, could you? Psychiatry 101—never trust a sociopath. Part of me will miss you, but I will enjoy the piles of cash I made selling the antidote to a few major cities. Thanks for helping me set up the underground supply chain—that netted me a nice extra chunk of change. Oh, and it will save a bunch more lives, too. Nice side effect,” she said, letting go of his tie but keeping hold of her knife. Never let your weapon go prematurely. 
	Xed stumbled a few steps and fell backwards onto the couch. It still had a stains from when Xero had sat there bleeding a few weeks prior. They were faint, but they were there. Xed’s fresh blood covered the old stains in a new blanket of dark red. Xero thought the splash of color looked rather nice, actually. 
	Xed was choking, gasping for air through his punctured lungs. 
	“Suffocating to death isn’t fun, is it? Fortunately, most of this city won’t have to die that way, thanks to the antidote we cooked up. Science is neat, isn’t it?” she said. 
	He was having weak spasms and grasping at his throat, hoping to get air. It was a little more suffering than she had planned, and she raised her knife to help finish the kill a little more humanely, but it was too late. He went still before she could give him a hand. She looked down at him with some authentic sadness. She kissed two of her fingers, and put them against his pale lips. One last one for the road. 
	“Good night Xed. The first one’s always free, but eventually we all have to pay the piper. Better luck next time,” she said. 
CHAPTER 34
	“Strike!” Xero said. “Looks like I’ve still got it.” 
	Neptune had restored the lanes that Milo had cratered, leaving a smooth and shiny surface for their balls to glide down. After the pins cleared she ran down to the end of the lane to make sure that they would reset correctly.	
	“No one wants to beat their boss anyway,” Trina said. “At least we don’t have to pretend to lose.” 
	Radar put down a neon green bowling ball that matched the color of Xero’s hair. “Trina, do you really think you should be exerting yourself like that? Are you sure you’re feeling okay? I know that this takes awhile to get used to,” he said. 
	Trina ran a hand through her freshly bleached hair and puckered her bright red lips as she looked down at the long scar that ran down her chest. A full four inches of it were visible before it disappeared into the cleavage of her shirt. 
	“I think being part robot is kind of fun. And Milo said I’m cleared for moderate activity now. Right Milo?” she said. 
	Milo stood up from behind the snack bar counter holding a plate of hotdogs and a few bottles of beer. “Emphasis on the moderate activity. You’re one of only a handful of people to have lungs like that. You’re lucky to have a doctor and the original mechanic in-house, but don’t push your luck,” he said sternly, but he was smiling from ear to ear. Xero had never seem him so happy. Sometimes you had to lose all hope to truly appreciate your blessings in life. 
	Neptune returned from examining the pin resetting mechanism and went to help Milo behind the counter. “I’m with Milo on this one. If you try to die again this fool right here is going to flip his shit, and I’m going to be really sad if I have to put him out of his misery Old Yeller style,” Neptune said and pointed at Milo. 
	Radar tried to stifle a laugh. “Being a robot does have it’s benefits. I’m not just the owner, I’m also a client,” he said. 
	Xero leaned over and smacked him on the ass. “That’s for being cheesy,” she said, but he caught her wrist and pulled her into his chest. He planted a kiss on her open mouth. Instead of fighting, she let herself melt into it. Maybe it was something about killing Xed, or maybe it was finally pulling off a complicated technical move on her own by getting the old trains running again via that satellite, but forgetting Evan was beginning to look more and more possible. Plus, dating a robot was pretty cool. 
	“Hey, aren’t we here to have a strategy meeting?” Calavera said from Argon’s lap as Milo handed them both beers. 
	“Fuck it dude, let’s keep bowling,” Xero said. She picked up the neon green bowling ball and she hurled it down the lane. It rolled in a perfectly straight line down the greased wood, gaining momentum as it rumbled down towards the pins. Strike. 
	
