Tickling the Dragon’s Tail
The Chronicles
of Nevin Reasoner
Book 2
Thomas Lombard
Copyright (c) 2014 Thomas Lombard
Ebook formatting by Jesse Gordon
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
ISBN #978-0-9891663-2-4
Submit inquiries and comments at TL1946@hotmail.com
To Cathy
For 22.4 years of everlasting support
and patience to see this publication
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Prologue
Chapter 1: Failed Ruse
Chapter 2: Dwarf
Chapter 3: Clarion call
Chapter 4: Trolls
Chapter 5: Surprises
Chapter 6: Anson’s decision
Chapter 7: A bond grows
Chapter 8: Battle
Chapter 9: Prisoner
Chapter 10: Plans to make
Chapter 11: Rescue
Chapter 12: Canby
Chapter 13: Acquaintance
Chapter 14: Swiggum
Chapter 15: Glorhumm
Chapter 16: Water
Chapter 17: The Device
Chapter 18: Survivors
Chapter 19: First Minister
Chapter 20: Meire
Chapter 21: Retribution
Chapter 22: Academy
Prologue
Nevin’s memory was clear about the sequence of events that placed him in the kingdom of Antrim, but not about the so-called magic spell delivering him there. This was especially troubling, given his strong commitment to scientific inquiry. Until recently, he was a Lecturer at Hempstead College in Ohio but lost his job because he failed to complete a graduate degree. He was put off by the narrow, pedantic requirements of a single degree program, preferring instead to study freely in a variety of sciences that matched his curiosities. After an emotional final class tribute by current and former students, he trudged to his office to pack up his things where he met a peculiar small man recovering from a physical assault. Anson, dressed in an old-time tunic and breeches, claimed he was a “mage” from a place apparently without modern technology that Nevin could not find on any map.
Nevin assumed that Anson suffers from an elaborate delusion and tries to help the poor fellow, but the police were skeptical that a four-foot tall possible mental patient used arcane means to escape enemy soldiers after suffering a spear wound. Anson tries to convince Nevin of his origin by demonstrating minor spells, but that pales before the little man’s amazement at Nevin’s personal library and the magic of television and other modern technology. Concluding that Nevin must be some kind of highly adept mage, or sage at least, Anson pleads for Nevin’s help to end the devastation, anarchy and persecution caused by war between the kingdoms of Antrim and Gilsum.
While in the college library, Anson comes across pictures of the devastation of Hiroshima in WWII and decides to use these pictures to convince the warring kings to cease fighting. They are unexpectedly confronted by Bartram, also a mage who escaped persecution in Antrim a few years earlier and recognizes Anson. Now faced with two undersized men claiming to be spellcasters, Nevin refuses to believe that magery exists beyond sleight-of-hand, superstition, or some rational explanation—until he is shamed for his scientific chauvinism. Bartram proves himself with a more convincing demonstration of spellcasting, plus he offers a plausible theory why there are deliverance sites between Antrim and Hempstead. He also reveals that he assisted another man, a Hempstead chemistry professor named John Stryker, a man of dubious character, to make the deliverance to Antrim. This revelation explains Anson’s recent experience with mustard gas, a fouling of the air he previously thought was due to high magery. Bartram declines to return to Antrim and face life-threatening persecution again, but he helps the pair conduct their deliverance to a small hut locally called the “library” outside the village of Huxley in Antrim.
Nevin tries to sort out a scientific explanation for the spellwork he witnesses and even helps conduct while in Antrim. He sees nothing absurd like talking animals or shape-shifting, and no items are created out of nothing, so science must offer explanations if he can only figure it out. The mage and the “sage” eventually team up with Orris, an Antrim soldier, to seek an audience with the Antrim king. They resort to magery and scientific acumen to supplement their courage as they set out to pacify the warring kingdoms. Along the way, Nevin finds himself in uncomfortable situations because of his relative large size compared with indigenous folks, sometimes calling for unaccustomed physical altercations.
After arriving in the King’s city of Sartell in Antrim, the troupe’s efforts to petition King Lucan are rebuffed. The King’s Chancellor is suspicious of their motives and in full view of the Court orders them confined. King Lucan secretly observed the action and interrupts, allowing the three men to state their case. The King seems moved by their appeal, but denies his support and grants them a night’s stay in the castle. Nevin is visited later by a high-born woman, Corissa, a Captain’s widow, who takes him on a tour of the castle and grounds. Icy in demeanor but willing to answer his deluge of questions, Corissa misunderstands Nevin’s intentions and leaves him abruptly.
On the day they were told to depart, the three men are asked to meet with the King’s physician ostensibly to treat Nevin’s minor injuries from a bar fight. It turns out to be a secret meeting with King Lucan and Corissa, where the King agrees with their assessment of the dire circumstances facing both warring kingdoms. For political reasons he cannot publicly affirm his own wish for peace, but he wants to secretly support their plan to meet with King Meire of Gilsum. He shocks the men by requiring that Corissa join them. Since she was Gilsum-born and is Lucan’s confidante, she has knowledge they will need for their mission to succeed. He also secretly entrusts Corissa with an heirloom token that may help them prevail.
The alliance of four secretly leaves on horseback at sunrise. Each has conflicting emotions over their prospects for success, but Nevin is particularly disconcerted over his pleasure at Corrisa’s company and belief that she is the King’s consort.
Chapter 1
Failed Ruse
The four riders took the Public Road to the west toward Gilsum and rode until noon. There was no conversation among them, as each but Nevin wore a serious face over the uncertainty ahead of them. Nevin was perplexed, rather than somber like the others. He was peeved over his inability to explain some of the magic-like experiences he had observed since arriving in this land, especially their so-called spell of deliverance from the Hempstead college library to a small hut outside the village of Huxley in Antrim. He gave up the idea that he was in some kind of dream-like state or psychotic delusion. There was too much perceptual awareness with incontrovertible details to deny his place-to-place deliverance with his new friend, a self-described mage named Anson. He tried to convince himself that he should ease up and enjoy this experience more. Science may be indomitable, but it does not have to be a forbidding master. What comes next could help explain things.
The makeshift tunic and breeches they provided Nevin were comfortable, but his undersized saddle was far from it. Unaccustomed to horseback riding as he was, Nevin’s cumulative soreness was so distracting he forced his attention on observing the countryside. Outside of the surroundings of a few small hamlets, all oriented to farming, the landscape evolved into uninhabited prairie with endless fields of grasses, much of it already waist high—at least for the locals who tended toward smaller stature than Nevin. The trees in this region were mostly limited to the banks of streams, and they were the typical riparian varieties like willows, alders and birch. He saw nothing odd about the biomes he observed.
For their first rest, the troupe chose a site next to a slow-moving brook, a site evidently used by many travelers over the years. Some benches had been fashioned out of tree trunks and conveniently set around a fire ring of blackened stones. There appeared to be fresh ashes but no signs of any people.
Orris tethered the horses then took one at a time to drink from the stream. Anson assumed responsibility to prepare a light but cold meal from their supply of cold meat, cheese and an herbal drink. Corissa and Nevin sat down to ease their stiffness from the long ride. There was little conversation until all four had all gathered around the fire ring, absent a fire as Orris insisted. Corissa brought up their need to appear as common travelers, expressing some concern that it might be difficult because of Nevin’s size. Nevin was a little offended by the remark, but a pursed look from Corissa indicated she meant advisement, not insult.
“I’ve thought of a ruse which should work,” she said. “We can present ourselves as a delegation from the Farmers’ Grange in Sartell to collect information on the lack of progress of the year’s first planting. Nevin should be treated simply as an overlarge, dull-witted drudge. We should keep him in clothes befitting that character.”
“Seriously? I’m a drudge now?”
After appeasing Nevin’s feelings, all thought this was a good plan and discussed details to make their story believable. Orris was particularly adept at fabricating the story, a skill that Anson claimed he had developed from years of exaggerating his own exploits. It was agreed that Orris would speak for the group should they need to propagate this ruse, but Nevin thought he saw some unspoken hesitation from Corissa. From her take-charge attitude and relationship with the King, she probably thought she should be their spokesperson. After a short time, they were on their way again with Corissa in the lead.
Corissa had recommended the Public Road as the safest route, plus it offered the best prospects for comfort since most villages and towns would probably have at least one inn or some kind of roadhouse. Comfort would be their reward for this logic, as it soon rained a light drizzle.
After the first sign of rain, the riders stopped at a hamlet named Warren where they called at a modest sized dwelling marked by a dilapidated sign that it boarded travelers. Two sleeping rooms and dinner were available, but the proprietress eyed Corissa with curiosity. Apparently she was unused to women travelers wearing fine leather and woolen riding gear, particularly pants, but she was even more leery of Nevin. Corissa assured her that “the tall lout” was harmless, saying that he had some troll blood in his lineage that accounted for his size and dim wit. As Corissa paid ahead for the food and lodging with silver coin, Orris pulled her aside to caution her.
“It is not prudent to display a purse full of coin, My Lady,” he whispered. “It would be better to appear we have very little among us and are hard-pressed to pay for a night’s lodging.”
“I don’t think there is anything to fear, Orris. We are four in good health and you are visibly armed. It is unlikely that anyone would be serious about challenging us.”
“I am leery, My Lady. But, you are the King’s…uh…agent. I mean, we will do as you say.” Orris briefly looked to the others to press his advice, but he thought better of challenging Corissa.
The proprietress served supper consisting of thin soup, bland tubers and boiled lamb. It was not inspiring fare, but it gave them a chance to go over their plans. They agreed that Corissa would take one room, Nevin and Anson would share the other. Orris thought it best if he slept in the stable where he could keep an eye on their horses. Before leaving, Nevin changed the bandage on the soldier’s arm and pronounced his recent wound to be in excellent condition after a treatment of penicillin-laden mold.
Nevin retired to the welcome sight of a straw-filled mattress. Even though his bed was much too short, he slept soundly until Anson gently shook him awake the next morning.
Anson and Corissa had not been as fortunate as Nevin in getting to their rooms. As representatives from the Farmers’ Grange, they were drawn into a lengthy conversation with some locals, which involved mostly listening to the proprietress’s sister and brother-in-law. This couple farmed an area adjacent to the roadhouse and had an endless list of complaints for Anson and Corissa to take back the Farmers’ Grange. Corissa deftly perpetuated their ruse, but Anson had chosen to say nothing rather than lie. After Corissa finally succeeded in excusing themselves to retire for the night, she exchanged a smile with Anson for their mutual tolerance of the boorish couple and success in preserving their secret.
* * *
After a breakfast made light because only half the food was palatable, they mounted their horses and made for the road now pocked with puddles. With Warren behind them, heading west, the topography of the land started to change. It became hillier with patches of trees and small woods dotting the landscape to the south and west; a dark line took shape on the horizon to the north.
Despite the sloppiness of the road, by mid-afternoon Orris claimed they had covered at least four leagues. Nevin mused over the origin of the league as a unit of distance, supposedly how far a person could walk on foot in an hour. They stopped for a rest and a meal at another wayfarer’s site, this one with a large fire ring and several half-rotted tree trunks for seating. Each tended to duties on his or her own without the need for orders. Nevin gathered firewood, Orris and Anson took care of the horses, and Corissa walked toward the surrounding grove. In the miserable dampness, Orris was willing to risk a fire for a hot herbal drink.
After several minutes, the men gathered around the fire ring in joint effort to get damp wood to burn. Nevin was first to express concern that Corissa had not returned. “Do you think Corissa is all right? She’s been gone a long time.”
“Aye, I don’t like her being gone from our sight,” said Orris. “But she is not a woman who needs a man nearby to feel protected.”
Anson was suddenly distracted by the nervous snorting among the tethered horses. “Let’s wait a bit; perhaps she just seeks privacy. I will tend to the horses. They may sense a wolf or bear about.”
When Anson approached the horses, all four of the animals turned their heads toward him and nickered. The other men kept working on the fire. A minute later, they heard a dull thump followed by a muffled groan. Orris jumped to his feet to get his sword, but was halted by a voice to their left.
“Stand easy, Gents, and no one will be hurt…any further, that is.”
Out of the trees appeared a man, armed with a long, narrow-bladed sword in one hand and a club in the other. Three men accompanied him, two armed with cocked crossbows and the other holding Corissa with one arm crooked around her neck and his free hand pointing a dagger at her throat. Corissa did not appear injured, but her eyes were wide with emotion. Nevin chafed at the sight of Corissa in danger, but stood frozen with indecision.
“Let’s take it easy, Gents. None of us wants this fine lady to bleed on her pretty clothes, do we?” The man’s voice had an intimation of malice, accented by a leering smile. He wasted no time in declaring their intent. “Make no move while we search you and your packs for the lovely coin of the realm you bear. We plan to relieve you of the burden—to make your travels easier, of course,” said the leader barking a laugh. He shouted orders to his cohorts, “Kretch! Check their packs and their person for coin or anything of value. Delk! If any one of ‘em makes a threatening move, cut the woman’s throat.”
Advancing toward the men, the leader asked, “Which one of you would be most disturbed if Delk’s dagger should slip?” Nevin’s glaring expression answered the man’s question. “Ah, the big one. It makes sense. If I could bully the others, I would have the women to myself as well, Big Man. But, then, I am a generous soul and I would share such pretty bounty with my comrades. Would you like to share this bounty, lads?” Delk gave a guttural laugh as he let a hand slip down from Corissa’s neck.
Orris and Nevin remained frozen. Both men had enough presence of mind not to make a move that would result in harm to Corissa. Nevin seethed with indecision. Part of him wanted to vent his fury, and part of him hoped that Anson would return and do something. Maybe the mage could disable the intruders somehow with a spell, if that were possible. The plausibility of this wish tended to confuse him further, on top of the unbridled emotion that was an awkward experience for him.
Kretch ransacked the parcels and checked their clothing for whatever coin or other things he thought of value. He notified his leader when he had checked everything, then took a position where he re-aimed his crossbow to guard over Nevin.
The leader took a step forward, surveying Nevin in a mocking manner, walking slowly around him and tauntingly patting him on the buttocks with the sword. “Now what should we do with the likes of you, Lord Oak Tree, and your companions? Perhaps we could take your horses and some of these fine clothes in your packs, though yours would not fit any man I know. And the woman—we should take the woman as well—although we will keep her fine clothes on her for now.”
Nevin flinched at the threat to Corissa and took a step toward the arrogant ruffian, his anger at the boiling point. Orris reached out to stop him, the veteran soldier realizing the time was not right for such a move.
Delk perked up at the suggestion that would take Corissa with them. He sharply pulled back on her hair to lift her head and leered into her face menacingly.
Nevin kept his eyes riveted on Delk, not noticing that the leader had walked around behind him and raised his sword with an eye to the tall man’s neck. Orris saw the man’s intent and was about to leap when four horses charged from the trees. Each horse ran at a brigand and rousted him, the leader being knocked to the ground as he was about to swing his sword at Nevin. Only a quick recovery kept the interlopers from serious injury as the snorting, agitated horses reared and kicked.
Corissa ran to Nevin’s side as Delk released his clutch to avoid the horse that threatened him.
Nevin threw his arms around her, instinctively shielding her from harm by horse or man. The leader lay sprawled next to them, dazed by the unexpected attack from the horses. The horse that had knocked him down, the large steed ridden by Nevin, pawed the ground and whinnied as if daring the man to fight back. The horses continue to threaten and rear over the brigands until all of them fled into the surrounding cover.
Orris retrieved his sword and went to look for Anson.
Nevin turned to console Corissa, but she soon regained her composure and resisted his embrace. “Corissa, are you sure you’re all right?”
“Yes, yes! Do not fuss over me. Check to see what they took from the packs.”
“Corissa, I want to be sure you’re all right.” Nevin’s concern went unheeded as Corissa was already busy checking the packs. The curtness of her rebuff made him think he had overstepped his bounds. She was, after all, the King’s consort. He quickly brushed that off because they were still companions and he was dutifully concerned about her welfare. And she did run to him when she broke away from her captor. Nevin was confused.
Orris returned with Anson, who was sporting a contusion on the side of his head. Nevin hustled over to examine the injury, pronouncing the damage as superficial and should not require special treatment. Relieved that there was no sign of a concussion, Nevin asked the mage what possessed the horses to attack the brigands.
Anson smiled meekly but shrugged his shoulders. He raised his eyebrows in surprise as he explained, “I would not call it a ‘possession’ exactly, Nevin. The horses seemed to turn to me and…and…demanded an order, so I pointed and whispered to them to pick a bad man and knock him around. The animals seemed to understand my request and decided among themselves which man to take on.”
“You mean you talked the horses into doing it? Did you use a spell?” Nevin was thrown by the thought of a spell involving animals.
“No, no. It was not a spell. I used a spell voice, but I implored them much as I talk to you. I cannot tell you why it worked; I have never done anything like this before.”
“It must be magic, my friend. You are more potent in magery than you credit yourself,” said Orris.
“It’s not really that surprising,” Nevin interjected. “Horses can be trained to do all kinds of extraordinary feats.” Nevin did not mean that as a put-down because he could have cited many famous examples of remarkable animal behavior, like Clever Hans the Counting Horse. He just felt that Anson’s communication with the horses was explainable on some basis other than magic. After all, their horses did not do anything outside of normal horse behavior. They just kicked and snorted and jumped about. They did not do anything really strange, like talk or fly. Still, it was pretty remarkable. Anson had not had sufficient time to train these horses yet they reacted as if they were highly conditioned. It was a puzzle, but if he gave it time he could think of a reasonable explanation.
Corissa interrupted by suggesting that he and Orris repack their mussed parcels. She and Anson would recover the horses so they could move out right away, in case the intruders decided to regroup and return. She calculated there was about three hours of daylight left and they should use it to put distance between them and any pursuers. Nevin studied her as she moved about. She seemed completely recovered from her experience. Quite a woman, this was. The King was a lucky man.
They were packed and mounted within minutes and the four riders were off again down the Public Road. Corissa told the others that the coin she had brought was lost in the fray, but no other important things were taken. Privately, she was relieved that the most precious item she carried was still safe. Corissa learned a lesson from this encounter, and she told herself she would have learned sooner had she heeded Orris’ warning about showing off their coin. Her opinion of the King’s soldier had gone up significantly. But the most important thing she learned was that the King’s token entrusted to her could not be safely hidden in her bosom, so she chose a new hiding place. Better to submit to a personal violation, she thought, than to lose this precious item.
Chapter 2
Dwarf
It was well past dusk when the four stopped for the night. They had long passed any settlement, so they had to camp outdoors. At Orris’ suggestion, they chose a stopping place not previously used by travelers, some distance off the road and well protected by trees and undergrowth to screen a campfire. Unfortunately, the ground was damp and littered with uncomfortable tree roots.
They agreed to stay in pairs as they made preparations. They would also rotate guard duty, so that someone would be awake in case they were set upon again. Orris and Corissa took care of the horses and firewood, while Anson and Nevin prepared the campsite and the evening meal. Anson decided to make as good a meal as possible to help offset the impending discomfort of a night on the damp, root-laden ground. He assured Orris their vigilance would allow them the luxury of a fire. Warm food and drink would help them settle comfortably for the night.
Orris and Corissa returned with a large store of firewood, but all of it was wet from the recent rain. Orris seized upon the opportunity to remind his companions that this problem would not deter a good Armsman and he promised them a snug fire. He unsheathed his dagger, sharpened it and proceeded to whittle some of the sticks down to their dry centers until he had amassed a large pile of dry, thin shavings. He arranged some of the shavings into a carefully designed pyramid and proudly announced, “We have kindling enough to roast a pig. Well, a piglet, maybe.”
“Now all we need is sufficient spark and a pig,” replied Corissa, though Nevin was not quite sure whether this was a jest or a complaint.
“I should be able to provide at least half of that request, My Lady,” said Anson as he knelt over the mound of wood shavings. In a low voice, he uttered a few short phrases that no one understood, except Nevin, if only partially for its energy accordance. In less than a minute, a small flame appeared at the base of the kindling. Orris fed the flame with more shavings until the fire could accommodate the damp twigs and eventually larger sticks. Before long, a campfire rose with welcome heat and light and the four erupted in applause and good cheer at their success. A spirit of camaraderie had surfaced again amid the miserable conditions.
The meal of smoked fish, brown beans and honeyed hardcakes was tasty and everyone ate their fill. The meal and the travail of their day left them all sleepy. Corissa worked out the order for guard duty. She would take the first shift and Orris should have the last one, since he could use that time to prepare the horses for the coming day’s ride. Despite the shortcomings of the damp ground, all except Corissa were sound asleep within minutes.
Corissa observed her three companions as they slept. Orris snored loudly and drew her attention first. To her, this man was easy to understand. Even wearing a common surcoat and breeches in place of his uniform, his military bearing was plain to see. He was a career soldier with sworn fealty to King Lucan, and, like her husband, his duty would come first in his life. Her husband had always put his duty first, and in the end chose death over retreat in a hopeless battle. Her own unwavering loyalty to Lucan was in part a perverse tribute to her husband’s full measure of duty.
Anson slept quietly by comparison, which in her eyes befitted his mysterious ways. Even his dress was uncommon, with a long dark tunic and patched woolen leggings. He was a mage and no one knew much about them. Based on what she did know, it was remarkable that a mage should care so deeply for the land and its people. At first, she did not believe he was truly a mage and advised Lucan to send him away, but now she was certain of this gentle man’s sincerity. She knew that he was not here for Lucan’s sake, as she and Orris were. It was his love of Antrim that held his devotion—a love that was matched by Lucan, who had grown desperate for some way to save his people from the disastrous war with Gilsum.
Nevin was another matter entirely. He slept restlessly and often mumbled audibly about unknown things, as if he was arguing with himself. He was such a contradiction: so large and obviously much stronger than other men, yet he seemed completely absorbed by intellectual more than physical matters. He proudly thought of himself as a scholar and there was little doubt it was true; at the same time, he was uncommonly gentle for a man of such physical advantages. Could a normal woman ever love a man of such size? She found herself mentally comparing her height to his own, and laughed at the prospect of telling him that the extra clothes she brought for him were costumes for two men acting the part of troll in a comic play. She conceded that he was somewhat appealing, although the reasons why were not clear. He was tall among the men of Antrim, but so was she. She found the men in Lucan’s court did not like to look up into a woman’s face, and doubly so if she had a Gilsum heritage. These were among the reasons she had no suitors, but Nevin seemed to be above such petty foibles. Though he was somewhat clumsy in his manner and sensitive to personal remarks, he had a comforting presence. She had doubts about his alleged high magery, especially since he claimed he was only a teacher before touring to Antrim. While he spoke of great marvels in his land, he was merely a “professor” of such things and not a conjurer. However, Lucan was more certain that Nevin possessed great powers, whether through vast knowledge or magery or both, and that Nevin could play a vital role if this meager plan was to succeed. It was evident that they were becoming increasingly reliant on him, yet this troubled her. Nevin seemed trustworthy, but enough so that should she tell him about the ring that Lucan had entrusted to her in secrecy? He might have some knowledge of its alleged magic properties and know better when or how to use it, although Lucan said she would have to figure out when the time was right to reveal it. She looked again at Nevin as he stirred in his sleep. She had found other men attractive but could always divert her attention from them. It was more difficult for her to ignore Nevin; he seemed to need her help and took such pleasure at her company. In the midst of today’s attack she had sought his side, but that wasn’t born of fear more than romantic feelings? She had not sought a man’s embrace since her husband died, and, like many widows she had known, struggled with guilt over looking to another man for comfort. She could tell at first meeting Nevin was not a man with much experience at intimacies with women, but such an intelligent man would surely be a quick learner if he stumbled into an opportunity.
Corissa’s turn for sleep finally came. She woke Anson and retrieved her bedroll from the tree branch where she stored it to stay dry. She selected a spot and spread out her bedroll, smoothing it to locate twigs and stones that needed removal. Without thinking about it, she placed her bedroll between Orris and Anson.
* * *
Anson’s watch went by without incident, as did Nevin’s which followed. Nevin rousted Orris about three hours before sunrise. As Nevin curled back into his bedroll and fell asleep, Orris put more wood on the fire to bring some heat to counter the late night chill. The Armsman hunched over the fire, careful not to block the heat from radiating to his comrades, his soldier’s ear alert for unusual sounds.
Nothing unusual happened until the first light of dawn when Orris heard a twig snap. He slowly rose and stepped away from the light of the campfire flames, then unobtrusively pulled his sword from its sheath. It was best not to raise an alarm until he was sure it was not just a deer or some other innocent animal wandering too close to their camp.
Another noise, accompanied by a grunt and labored breathing, came from the area of trees off to the right. That was the place where they stored their food up a tree to keep it away from mice and other critters. Orris was sure it could not be an elf or a troll; an elf would not make any noise and a troll would be noisier yet. As Orris stealthily stalked in the shadows toward the sounds, he could make out a two-legged body rifling through their parcel of food. The body was stout for a man, but Orris would take no chances. He crept close to the figure and smacked it hard on the back with the flat side of his sword.
“Stand fast, you blasted thief!” shouted Orris. The figure fell forward and spilled the contents of its arms, landing face down on the ground. It immediately got up and charged Orris, bellowing an awful yell, butting the Armsman square in the groin. Orris fell backward, his sword flying from his hand. The creature jumped on Orris and pummeled him with short stubby arms. Between the punches, Orris made out a hideous face marked with scars and scabs and a toothless scowl. The breath and body odor of the creature was awful and made Orris gag as he tried vainly to get up and shield himself from further blows.
By this time, the others awoke from the commotion and came to the scene. Nevin pulled the little man off Orris with no trouble, but was kicked in the shin for his effort. Anson took control of the situation and said sternly, “Be off with you, dwarf! Go before I cast a spell that will turn your hair to fire. You’ll not get a second warning!”
The dwarf scowled at Anson, but seemed to recognize that this was a man who could carry out his threats. The dwarf pulled loose and ran huffing and wheezing into the nearest cover of shrubs and trees where they could not easily follow. As he passed Orris’ sword lying on the ground, he scooped it up as he ran by.
Orris was upright by now, brushing himself off and trying to restore some of his military bearing. He was not seriously hurt, except for his pride. Anson told him he was lucky to be alive since a rogue dwarf would kill a human, given the opportunity. Orris waved off the danger as insignificant and looked around for his sword. When told the dwarf had taken it, he erupted in a stream of curses and only Corissa could calm him. After the others went about picking up the mess and repacking their parcels, the four convened around the fire. Corissa was the first to speak. “We should move off the Public Road, since we have no coin to pay for lodging or other needs. We should alter our course to a path even less traveled.”
“Do you know which way to go?” asked Nevin.
“The Public Road to Gilsum goes west. There is a lesser route west by northwest, but it is rough and seldom used except by local folk for short distances. Either route will take us to Gilsum, where we must eventually turn to the northwest toward the highest mountains.”
“I have not traveled this other route before, Corissa,” said Anson. “What terrain lies northwest off the Public Road?”
“Elvenwood,” Corissa answered. “The lesser route skirts the edge of it.”
“Ahh,” Orris remarked. “We have a friend who resides there.”
“Will your friend aid us?” Corissa asked, surprised they would know anyone who lived there. She had never talked with anyone who met an actual elf living in this woodland, or anywhere else in fact.
Nevin could not resist answering, “That depends on whether he thinks he is our friend.”
Anson was unsure about venturing into Zael’s territory again, although this area of the Elvenwood was a good distance from their previous encounter with this Elf-Lord. He asked how it would affect their travel, since he would not agree to a plan that would delay them further. Corissa said with no hazards and without getting lost, it could actually be a shorter journey because it lay on a straighter line to the Gilsum border. She added, “The one thing uncertain is whether we can travel by horse through this Wood. If we have to walk, the way will be shorter in distance but perhaps not in time.”
“I would rather take our chances in the Wood than face the kind of characters we have met on this road,” offered Nevin. “I vote for changing course.”
No one chose to disagree, so they ate a quick meal and made ready to depart. Nevin changed clothes, donning the breeches and blouse Corissa brought for him. Orris remarked that he looked much better suited and was more likely now to turn the eye of a pretty lady. Corissa gave a muted laugh, but avoided eye contact with the man unknowingly dressed in a troll costume. Oblivious, Nevin was pleased by her laugh and how much it brightened her face. It made her quite attractive. Even radiant. It was too bad that her relationship with Lucan was a barrier between them.
After mounting their horses, Corissa took the lead and the four riders veered off the Public Road toward a dense green line barely visible to the west.
Chapter 3
Clarion call
After riding all morning, the Alliance for Antrim, as Orris continued to call their troupe, reached the edge of the area called Elvenwood. While much of the nearby countryside was dotted with trees, the Elvenwood had an unmistakable border. Its trees were more dense and tall by far, and the colors exceptionally deep, forming a remarkable border that disguised any prevailing pathway through it.
Despite its apparent barrier, it did not strike Nevin as a forbidding or morbid place. On the contrary, it was exceptionally fragrant and healthy looking. The trees appeared to be all broadleaf temperate species, with no conifers. The autumn foliage must be spectacular, Nevin thought. Each of his companions looked ahead, thinking about something other than radiant fall colors. The men had fresh memories of Zael’s willingness to slay anyone who posed a threat in the Elf-lord’s province, but Corissa would not know that. She did not hesitate to prod her horse forward. After a short pause, the others cautiously nudged their horses on.
The going was extra difficult for the mounted travelers due to heavy undergrowth and low tree branches that scratched both horse and rider. In order to move forward, they had to maneuver around trees. Corissa called for a stop and complained that they would soon lose their sense of direction from having to zigzag so much.
Anson leaned over for a private word with Orris; the soldier reacting with a sharp disagreement.
Corissa edged her horse over to theirs. “Do you have advice for us? Speak so we all can hear.”
“Anson thinks we should use Zael’s horn,” said Orris. “He would ask Zael to guide us, or at least lend us one of his elves. I fear the horn could alert others we’d be better off avoiding.”
“This is the one you call the Elf-Lord? Are we to have another creature of legend come to life with this company?” Corissa sighed.
Nevin was uncertain whether Corissa’s terse reply indicated impatience or skepticism, but it was at least ironic that she showed some disbelief about beings in this land. Now that he thought about it, Nevin had encountered little people before, so perhaps that was not so astonishing here, unless people started to fly or disappear. Real live little people could be called by any name like dwarf or elf or anything else, and it was believable for them to have long beards or pointy ears and distaste for items made of iron. In fact, he knew that 10% of the population in his world has a vestigial tubercle in their outer ears that doctors call Darwin’s ear points or “elf ear.” Facts like this helped make some of the remarkable things he had seen so far rather believable. He thought they should be for Corissa as well.
“My Lady,” said Anson. “Have you ever seen any elvenkind?”
Corissa said that she had not and granted there could be small-sized people who inhabited this area, so she relented somewhat, though stopping short of apology. “I meant no offense. Like most people, I had grand ideas about the wonder of High Mages and Elf-Lords. But after my time with you, those skilled in magery seem more like common folk than different. The practice of magic holds less wonder for me now, and I expect the elves are little more than a small collection of wispy fellows whose lives are made mysterious by living in this secretive place.”
“Here, here! The lady makes a good point.” Nevin said, with a wave.
Corissa responded with a shake of her head.
Anson was growing impatient at the delay. “If we can agree to use this horn, My Lady, you may soon find out. What do you say, Nevin?”
Nevin shrugged. Orris still thought it was too risky, leaving Corissa with the deciding vote. As she gave her vote to blow the thing, Anson already had the horn out of his pack. Raising it to his mouth, he produced an unexpectedly loud and high-pitched blare. The horses pawed the ground as they waited. Anson blew again with no results.
“What are we waiting for?” asked Nevin.
“Another horn blast in return, I expect,” answered Anson. He raised the horn to his lips to blow again when they heard someone say, “That is enough, Mage. You will cause the leaves to fall from the trees if you keep blowing. We have had you in sight for some time.”
They all looked behind them where Zael appeared less than twenty feet away, walking out of the gorse toward them. He was not armed, but Nevin was sure there were others around who were.
Corissa gave a short but audible gasp at the sight of the Elf-Lord, then quietly uttered, more to herself than for others to hear, that she should be more willing to believe the stories of legend.
“Why did you call?” Zael asked.
“We need some help getting to the Gilsum border,” Nevin answered.
Zael pursed his lips and reflected for a moment. “You have much to explain before we would give you such help. Follow me. There is a place near here where you can dismount and we can talk more easily.”
In single file, they followed Zael for a distance that Nevin estimated at three hundred yards. Zael made his way without difficulty as if a path seemed to exist where none could be seen, making it much easier to guide the horses. They came upon a small grassy hillock so undetectable that the first rider could see it but the second could not.
“Dismount and join me over there. Your horses will be looked after,” said Zael, pointing to a very large oak tree. No sooner had the riders stepped to the ground when several camouflaged elves appeared out of cover to take the reins of the horses.
The band of four sat on the ground as Zael sat with his back to the tree, one leg slung over the other. Corissa started to explain that they were a delegation from the Farmer’s Grange to meet with local tenant farmers, but was curtly interrupted by Anson.
“No, My Lady. We must speak the truth to Zael. We do not have to fear him as we do our human fellows.” Zael looked at Anson but remained impassive, giving no indication whether he appreciated the mage’s truthfulness or resented Corissa’s fabrication.
Zael said nothing for some time after Anson finished explaining the entire story of their mission.
Trying hard to control her impatience, Corissa finally blurted, “Will you help us or not?”
Zael barely turned his head toward her to respond. “Lady, would you be so impudent with your King Lucan? I think not. You should show the same respect when in another’s kingdom. I have heard your request and I will give you an answer when I am ready. I must first finish hearing the views of my elves.”
Nevin frowned slightly because no one seemed to be within earshot.
Zael let a faint smile slip across his face. “Yes, Large One. There are elves around you. More than one hundred. Some only a spear’s length away.”
Nevin believed it. And it would not require “magic” to explain it. These odd little fellows were masters of camouflage and it was entirely possible they could communicate at a sound pitch that was inaudible to him.
Zael finally nodded his head as if a conversation ended. “My elves are divided over your request. We do not like humans roaming about our Wood and it matters not to us whether the Red Shirt soldiers kill off the Blue Shirts or the other way ‘round. We have always been uninterested in the affairs of humans.” Zael’s impassive face changed slightly, giving away some consternation. “Despite the opinions of many of my elves, I must change from what would be our usual course. We are drawn into your conflict. Let me tell you what happened one night ago.
“There is a small human village called Dalbo which borders our Wood and also lies close to the Gilsum border. The Red Shirts of Gilsum attacked Dalbo and took several human lives, but there were greater concerns for us from the fires that nearly spread to our Wood, and, worst of all, a change occurred in the air before the attack. Borne on the wind was a poison that spread over Dalbo and blew into the Wood. It had a foul, acrid smell and was deadly to breathe. One elf has died and others remain ill. The trees and grass are smitten with a yellow dust that kills the leaves and burns at the touch.”
Zael hesitated for a moment. His impassivity gave way to a look of sorrow as he finished the story about the attack on Dalbo. After lowering his head for an instant to recover his lordly composure, he faced Anson and quietly asked, “Tell me, Mage. Was this spellwork? And what can be done to shield us from these effects?”
Anson knelt forward and faced the Elf-Lord. Without speaking, there was no doubt that Anson shared the sorrow felt by Zael. This act seemed to raise a hopeful look from Zael. Anson said, “I have also experienced this fouled air, Zael. It is not the work of magery, but of alchemy. Sir Nevin is more knowledgeable and can tell you more.”
“Speak then, Sage. Tell me what I asked.”
“Your people experienced something we call ‘gas warfare,’” Nevin explained. “It was probably made by some method of combining solutions...uh, potions you might call them, made from powders mixed with water. The vapor forms when the potions react together and is spread by the wind. The yellow residue of dust makes me think it was some type of mustard gas, which is lethal unless highly diluted. It would have to be concocted by someone who really knew what he was doing. The worst is over, though. This dust will wash into the soil with the next rain and there should be no permanent damage to the trees. I am very sorry this harmed your people, Zael. It’s possible that elves are especially sensitive to these chemicals. As far as shielding yourself, once you smell the gas it is too late. The best thing you can do is get up-wind from an impending attack and avoid an area that becomes contaminated until the wind disperses the gas.”
“What can be done to aid those who remain ill?”
Nevin knew at least one mode of treatment that should help. “If they are experiencing internal reactions like stomach cramps or nausea they should drink lots of water, as much as they can take. Cold water is preferable, the colder the better. This will flush out the chemical. I’m sorry, but I’m not sure what to do for external reactions.”
“Would their skin turn red and burn, Nevin?” asked Anson.
Both Nevin and Zael nodded, with Nevin adding that severe blisters could also occur.
The mage sighed with relief, “For that, the leaves of aloe lilies should provide an effective treatment. Zael, you must crush the leaves and smear the bitter ichor on the afflicted parts. If you cannot find these flowers, then burdock root is next best. To use burdock, you must first boil the root to make a strong liquor and swab it on the blistered skin.”
Zael turned to his left and sharply spoke a few words unintelligible to the humans. After a final nod to his unseen listeners, he faced Nevin and the others again, this time with his eyes showing a hint of relief on his own part. “We will have to go outside the Wood to find the lilies because they are not a growth we commonly see, but burdock is plentiful here. Your words have been passed on and will soon reach those in need near Dalbo.”
Zael stood up and paced a bit before speaking, “Not only am I grateful for your council, but it seems we now share a concern over threats posed by the Red Shirts. I have decided to guide you myself to the Grayflood River, which you must cross to get to your destination in Gilsum. That is where I will leave you to finish your quest. You must leave your horses here because they would slow our progress. You will be under my command and must do as I bid. Is this acceptable?”
Anson and Nevin were quick to say yes, as was Orris. Corissa hesitated until Anson convinced her that they were completely safe in the hands of the elves. By this time, several of Zael’s band had melted out of the brush and gathered around them. They seemed especially taken with Corissa and eyed her with admiration, which pleased Nevin but seemed to make the woman uncomfortable.
“What of the horses?” Orris asked.
“Some of my elves have already grown fond of them. Your horses will be well treated, surely better than the hard ride you planned for them.” Zael rose. “Hie, now! We have several hours before night and you expressed a need for haste. We should begin immediately.”
The four from Antrim stood to follow the Elf-Lord, but before stepping out, Zael asked them a puzzling question. “What of your follower? Shall he join us openly?”
Follower? No one knew what Zael meant.
“The one who follows Anson. He is known to us as Gren. What men call a droll.”
“Anson, do you know what he’s talking about?”
“I know there are such beings and did encounter one some time ago, but…” Anson was equally puzzled.
Zael smiled openly for the first time. “You must walk with your fingers in your ears if you were not aware that Gren followed you on your last visit to the Wood, as he follows you now.”
Orris asked what seemed the obvious question, “Is he invisible?”
Zael laughed this time. Nevin could also hear high-pitched tittering all around them and chuckled himself when he realized they had provided great amusement for all.
Zael turned to his left, toward the direction they had walked. He cupped his hands around his mouth and called out.
“Gren! Come forward and show yourself so these travelers can see that you are flesh and bone.”
All eyes looked toward in the direction of Zael’s call, but nothing seemed to be happening. Except for the hillock where they stood, it was impossible to see anything clearly through the forest growth until Anson was the first to detect some movement. The density of the trees and their dark coloration obscured any figures, but Anson was sure he saw something move. Someone was there, but was reluctant to leave the cover.
“I see him!” Anson pointed and stepped toward the cover. “Zael, please bid him to come forward.”
Zael pointed to a pair of elves, who sprinted into the thick cover. A minute later, they came back leading the “follower” out into the open. Each elf had hold of a hand, like two children trying to coax a large adult to come along. This mysterious being complied reluctantly as the elves pulled him forward until he stopped fast upon coming into full view of everyone. It was a striking sight to see the large creature being affectionately led by elves one-half his size. Corissa moved over to stand next to Nevin. Her eyes wide with astonishment, she said, “A third legend come to life.”
Since his arrival in this land, Nevin had taken his introduction to elves and dwarves in stride. But this droll was a different matter. This creature, Gren, was at least six and a half feet in height. His head, chest and limbs were disproportionately large. Wearing only a ragged leather breech at the waist and a crude vest for clothing, his body was more or less covered with a thick mat of hair. Most distracting, however, were his facial features: a large mouth with a jutting lower jaw that displayed big incisors, thickly set lips and a bulbous nose. Nevin thought he looked like an oversized caricature of a figure he once saw in a Mardi Gras parade that was half clown, half ogre.
Gren’s appearance was unnerving to Nevin and his cohorts, which was a sharp contrast to the reaction shown by the elves. As Gren shyly stepped closer, Nevin saw depth in his large sloe eyes that unmistakably revealed sentience and not some kind of demon or goblin. The elves obviously liked him. The pair that pulled him along affectionately encouraged him to come forward, one now pushing him from the rear.
Anson understood the situation immediately. He knew that the droll’s reluctance stemmed in part from shyness, but also from a well-founded fear of humans. Anson went up to face Gren. Staring deeply into Gren’s eyes, there was a spark of recognition as the droll returned the gaze.
“Are you the one?” asked Anson.
No answer was needed after Anson lifted the vest to reveal the gruesome scar from a shoulder wound. Gren looked to Zael for a conversation that made the droll shake his head several times until he raised his arm in a wave that indicated some sort of concession.
Zael and Anson turned to rejoin the others, except that a change had come over Zael. The sternness and acerbic tone that had characterized the Elf-Lord was gone, replaced by a look of compassion and soft words that bespoke admiration. Zael spoke so that all could hear.
“Gren says that once he was attacked by humans and badly injured. He fell to the ground to die a slow and painful death when Anson discovered him. This mage treated the droll’s injuries, even pulled a crossbow bolt out of his shoulder. Gren says that Anson gave him a nectar that stopped the pain and gave him a peaceful sleep which lasted for two days. The sleep was full of a high pleasure which he had never known, and it gave him both time and the will to recover.”
Zael was obviously touched by this story. The Elf-Lord looked back at Gren and continued to explain.
“For reasons Gren does not understand, humans have always sought to kill and revile him. The kindness shown him by this mage stirred him to forgiveness, as it has me. I have found little to admire or learn from humans, but the gift of healing and goodness of heart this mage has shown is uncommon. It pleases me that I have chosen to aid humans who value compassion and show a true reverence for life.”
Zael put a hand on Anson’s shoulder to show his respect and continued, “Gren wishes to travel with Anson and the others, as a protector and a guide. Does anyone speak against this request? If not, gather your packs and follow my lead. Take care not to stray from my path or you will suffer the obstacles and punishments the Wood offers uninvited travelers.”
The packs had already been unloaded from the horses and handed to the members of the Alliance. Orris showed his comrades how to don the packs securely with the weight properly distributed. Zael watched over their preparations and restated his eagerness to move out. When they were finally ready, Zael gave the word to leave and strode off in the lead. Anson followed second, then Corissa and Nevin with Orris last in their file. There was no sight of any of the other elves or Gren, although Nevin had no doubt there were many moving in the same direction through the thick tree cover.
After a short time, Zael urged them again to set a faster pace so they could reach his intended destination by dusk. “Night falls very quickly in the Wood. It will be much darker than the night you are accustomed to.”
Nevin was surprised at the ease of the travel around the dense tree boles with briar, bramble and brush masking any trail. The file of travelers moved efficiently as long as they took the precise path taken by Zael. It was uncanny how he avoided tripping, or even being slowed by the fauna. In a few instances when Nevin veered to the right or left, he received numerous scratches from low branches and twice fell over unseen tree roots. Nevin soon learned to follow Zael’s steps exactly and kept pace for the hours they traveled until he was near exhaustion when the party finally stopped at dusk. They arrived at a circular glade about fifty yards in diameter. Nevin could barely make out dozens of small figures darting about, emitting a buzz of high-pitched conversation.
When the line of weary travelers stopped, a pair of elves approached each of the humans to relieve them of their loads and show them to bedding areas that had been prepared under the canopy of an immense tree. Nevin was so tired that once he realized he had a bed of any type, he plopped himself into it, looked to see that Corissa and the others were nearby, then fell asleep without further thought of food or the interesting details of his surroundings.
Chapter 4
Trolls
Two elves stood over the large sleeping human. After exchanging dubious looks, one of them carefully tried to wake the man by poking him. When the human did not stir, the second elf tried pushing on a shoulder to rouse him. Still unsuccessful, the two elves alternated efforts to wake the man Zael called the Sage, who reached out an arm as if to brush away a pesky fly.
Corissa came upon this scene, laughing as the elves took turns jabbing and pushing, then scooting aside as Nevin’s arm flung out to shoo them away. “Nevin!” she called. “You’ll have to move more quickly to rid yourself of these elven flies. Come, it is time to rise. We need to be off soon. We have many leagues to walk today.”
Nevin propped himself up on his elbows and squinted into the glare of bright sunshine.
“Ohhh. My bones! Every one of my joints is sore. It can’t be time to leave already.”
This time Nevin’s aches could not be blamed on uncomfortable bedding because a nest of leaves and boughs had been fashioned for each of the humans. It was the change from hard riding to hard walking that had put a strain on Nevin’s body.
“Since you have the biggest bones, you are expected to suffer the greatest aches,” Corissa teased. “Come. You delay us. We have all been awake for more than hour.”
Nevin blinked again at the morning sunshine. Through squinting eyes, he made sure it was Corissa he was hearing. Since when had she become so good-natured?
Her jibe was indeed good-natured, unlike the neutral to surly range of emotions she usually displayed. She called back to him as she walked away, “The elves will tend to your things, Nevin. A morning meal is ready for you. The food and drink is wonderful.”
Even though he was still sleepy and sore, it lifted his spirits to see Corissa cheerful. And she had dropped that “Sir” business, too.
As he looked around the camp, Nevin saw activity everywhere. Elves scurried around carrying out myriad assignments. Orris was surrounded by several of them, carrying on an intense discussion over some kind of implement. Anson was in animated conversation with Zael.
Upon rising, Nevin was given food and drink by two elves. They might have been the ones who tried to wake him, but he could not tell for sure. These sprightly creatures were difficult to tell apart by sight, or sound for that matter, but this was due to his unfamiliarity with them. Up to this time, he had only actually spoken with Zael, but it was obvious that oral communication with the others was possible. His reverie was broken as Corissa returned and sat down beside him. She looked refreshed.
“These elves are wonderful hosts. The brew they made for us is very pleasing and the bread is like nothing I have ever had before. It is delicious. Please try some.” She held up a small basket made of woven grass.
The basket contained several thin scone-like biscuits. They were delicious. He could taste a variety of grains and nuts, plus the outside was very lightly coated with honey. The hot brew was equally enjoyable in taste and fragrance; it was reminiscent of chamomile, but much more flavorful. To the amazement of many onlookers, Nevin proceeded to eat all the biscuits. He later learned that one biscuit was usually shared between two elves, and he had eaten a dozen such portions.
As soon as Nevin stood and brushed himself free of crumbs, his sleeping blanket was scooped up by a passing elf, shaken and folded neatly for storage before a question could be asked. When Nevin tied on his pack, he found his clothing had also been folded and cleaned for him.
Orris hurried over, carrying something. Like Corissa, he also seemed in unusually good spirits. “These elven folk do not get to use our common speech much, so they are a bit hard to understand at first. But they are a friendly sort. Zael gave me a jab or two about losing my sword to that wretched dwarf. I think he said that just to make it easier to give me this.” Orris held out a wooden sword contained in a brown leather sheath. At the top of the sheath a corded rope girdle was belted through a wide loop. An intricate buckle richly filigreed and studded with small stones connected the girdle; the buckle was made of a metal Nevin could not identify.
Zael joined them, pleased to see the humans admiring the workmanship of the sword. The Elf-Lord said, “Take care in handling this weapon, Orris. It is not dull like those hideous black metal shovels you call a sword.”
Orris replied, “I know that you elves do not use implements made of iron, but can this wooden sticker do any damage? It is so light you hardly know it is in your hand.”
Zael mocked offense at the question. “This weapon is made of swordwood, Blue Shirt, and honed by a talented swordsmith. Swordwood grows in the Gilsum uplands, and even there it is seldom found. If properly honed and tempered, it has an edge more keen than a metal sword and keeps its edge through much use. The tempering is very difficult so the wood hardens but does not burn. Some smiths coat the edge with hardstone for permanent sharpness, but that is rarer than swordwood. I am certain this one will suit you much better than your loathsome black metal blade.”
From the pile of firewood, Zael retrieved a log about the thickness of a person’s leg. With one hand, he held the log and the other drew the wooden sword from its sheath. He took a short swipe at the log and cut it cleanly in two. “No metal blade is this keen against flesh and bone,” he said. “I have never had occasion to prove it, but a thrust with this sword should even penetrate the metal shirts you humans are known to wear in battle.”
Nevin asked if he could examine the sword. He studied the close grain and texture of what appeared to be incredibly hard wood stock. It was extremely dense, but not teak, mahogany or ebony, and the only similar cellulose material he knew of was ironwood, except that ironwood would have been much heavier. To grind such a keen cutting edge on a wooden blade was impressive. For such sharpness and durability, the sword blank must be tempered with some very unusual smithing process. Someday he would have to visit with Zael’s swordsmith.
Zael took back the sword and handed it to Orris. “This is a weapon befitting a good soldier. We give it to you as a token of your companionship with elves.” After a short hesitation, during which he face grew more solemn, he added, “May you never have to raise it against your own kind.”
Without waiting for a response, Zael lifted his voice for all to hear, those seen and unseen. “Come now, all. We have ten leagues to venture today!”
At this command, all the elves gave a one-syllable cheer in unison and almost immediately disappeared into the Wood, totally camouflaged by their small size and multi-hued clothing. Zael took up the lead again, and the humans lined up behind him in the same order as the previous day: Anson, Corissa, Nevin and Orris. This time, Orris was not last in line. A good distance back, bringing up the rear, was Gren. Nevin had almost forgotten about the droll.
With a quick look to see that all was in order, Zael marched off in a westerly direction.
* * *
The line of travelers trudged on for hours. For Zael, the trek seemed easy as he knew where to step and showed boundless endurance. He never stumbled or suffered scratches. For the humans, travel was the same as before. As long they followed the Elf-Lord’s steps, they could avoid the obstacles, even though there was no visible path or trail. As they passed, the ground plants would spring back into shape without a sign that many had trodden this way. Occasionally, one of the men would veer off and immediately lose pace or trip.
As his muscles loosened Nevin’s aches and pains abated somewhat, allowing him to renew his observation and interest in the surroundings. His ability to detect elves moving through the Wood was also improving; sometimes he could make out their shadowy forms and hear some of their lower pitched communication when they were close by. Their higher pitched vocalizations were more difficult to hear. He finally figured out why they moved more efficiently. They were small and lithe, not needing as much space. Plus, their vision must be pretty good to pick their way through the leaf litter on the forest floor. The dense canopy reduced the amount of scrub growth so they mostly had to avoid tree roots, which they probably learned how to do from experience.
Zael had told him that humans were noisier than trolls and he could detect their presence just by the vibrations of their heavy feet and the hard leather boots they often wore. Elves, Zael said, would never be so easily observed by a common human. Nevin put this assertion to the test as they trekked through the Wood. Indeed, there were no sounds of footfalls from any of the elves, including Zael. Any detectable sounds made by their movement blended in with the natural orchestration of sounds in the forest: the chattering of squirrels, warbling of songbirds, and especially the rustling of leaves if there was any breeze. On the other hand, Nevin could hear the sounds of heavy breathing and tromping feet from himself and his human companions, which was downright noisy compared with the elves.
Zael knew when it was time for the humans to rest by their increased stumbling and panting. It was about mid-day when he had them stop next to a shallow brook and allowed them to eat and drink. Orris, who had claimed he was in good physical condition, dropped where he stood. Anson also seemed spent and grateful for the respite. Corissa and Nevin fell to the ground, actually leaning on one another for support in their fatigue. Seeing his discomfort, she asked Nevin to lay back and remove his boots. Confused by her request, he complied and was even more surprised at what she did next. She knelt at his side and started to massage his feet, first the right and then the left.
“What are you doing?”
“This is a skill which every wife of a soldier has learned. It has been a long time since I have rubbed out the soreness of marching feet…but I will stop if you wish.”
“No, no! Be my guest. Massage on.”
Corissa artfully kneaded the soreness out of Nevin’s feet and he nearly went to sleep from the pleasure. It occurred to him that this was a good time to get to know her better, but he was too distracted by the relief she brought to his aching feet. Intimacy was not something that came easy to him. She stopped, saying she hoped this would help him continue the rest of the day’s journey. He nearly fell over himself with expressions of appreciation and offered to return the pleasure in kind.
She smiled thinly. “My feet are fine, thank you, Sir Nevin.” Her response left him embarrassed at being so forward. This interlude was interrupted when an elf offered the couple some food and a cup of water from the brook. Nevin and Corissa refreshed themselves, laying down with their heads resting on their packs. They exchanged smiles, or at least he thought they did. It occurred to him that maybe she is only the King’s confidant and not his consort, a question he would like to ask her. After taking a deep breath he was going to ask her, until Zael approached with a new look of concern.
“There is danger about. We have detected the smell of a troll ahead. We should not linger here.”
Zael walked off among the trees to inform others. Nevin looked at Corissa and shrugged at the unfortunate brevity of their respite. He did not give much thought to the danger associated with nearness of a troll, but he would dutifully follow Zael’s orders. After helping Corissa tie on her pack, he bent down to pick up his own parcel when he heard Corissa scream. He had barely stood up when he was hit by the full force of a large running animal and sent tumbling head over heels into the bracken, his parcels flying from his back. A mournful bellow was followed by another scream from Corissa. Nevin sat up, groggy from the spill, in time to see Corissa knocked to ground by the swinging forearm of a huge two-legged beast.
The troll stood seven feet in height with many physical characteristics similar to Gren, except the emotions reflected in this creature’s face were anger and aggression. There was nothing sociable or soulful in this monster’s gaze.
The troll’s skin color was dark, either gray or brown in the forest shadows, but its entire body was covered with scraggly black hair and no clothing. All the facial features were grossly oversized. The lips were so large they flapped as the creature moved. The nose was long and round, not as bulbous as Gren’s more dwarfish nose. Both of the troll’s eyes bulged slightly, though the right eye had been injured and possibly blinded; the injured eye was a deathly pallid gray compared with the menacing black color of the other eye. Its hands were also enormous, easily twice the size of Nevin’s. As the creature rasped from its exertion, drool dripped from thick lips. In its emotional turmoil, the troll gave off a musk-like stench that forced Nevin to cover his nose.
The troll stood over Corissa looking down at her, glowering with rage, as she lay unconscious on the ground. With a deep-throated growl, the troll reached down with one hand and picked her up by the bodice until she was several feet off the ground. Once raised, the troll shook Corissa as if it was venting some terrible anger then dropped her to the ground as a child would drop a doll that was no longer interesting. Turning toward Nevin, who was still struggling to stand, the troll took two steps toward him and issued another bellow. Just as the troll reached Nevin and extended its hands to throttle him, a blur appeared from the right. Gren charged head first into the troll, bowling it over and sending both himself and the troll tumbling. Gren, though slightly smaller, was equally possessed with rage and repeatedly exchanged violent blows with the troll as they rolled over the ground.
Nevin got to his feet and ran to Corissa, who was starting to regain consciousness and right herself. Other members of the party were also recovering from the shock and coming to assist them when another warning shout sounded. A second troll came crashing through the underbrush ahead of them, bellowing even louder than the first. Orris had run to the spot where Nevin and Corissa had fallen and stood over them with his sword drawn, facing the oncoming second troll. Behind them, the dull thud of blows and grunts of pain resounded as Gren and the first troll continued their fight.
The second troll eyed Orris and started running directly for him. As Orris prepared to intercept the beast, the troll stopped several feet short and glared at the soldier. Stark fury issued from the creature’s eyes as it stared down at the puny human. The troll took one more step before the staccato twang of a half-dozen bowstrings announced as many arrows that struck the creature almost simultaneously. The second troll fell to the ground from the impact of the elven arrows. Lying prone, the troll crawled forward with eyes still fixed on Orris, still enraged at the sight of the human. Failing at first try to stand, the troll succeeded with a second effort. It towered over Orris once again, and let out a roar of pain and unfathomable torment that gave rise to more vehemence than the Armsman had ever experienced from any enemy. As the second troll struggled and lunged forward, Orris parried and thrust his sword twice with lethal placement. Orris may have had some doubts about the usefulness of the wooden blade, but the elven sword cut cleaner and with more deadliness than any weapon he ever used. The sword edge was so keen that it put little strain on Orris to wield the blow. The troll fell dead at his feet.
The contest between Gren and the first troll had also ended. Gren staggered toward the party, badly bruised and injured from his fight. Behind him, the first troll lay rapidly dying from a broken neck and internal injuries.
Gren stumbled back, looking to see what had befallen the mage, who was tending to Corissa by this time. When the droll reached Anson, he grunted unintelligibly.
“I’m all right, Gren! I have to see to the Lady, but I am fine,” Anson said. “I will tend to you as well, as soon as I am done with her.” Assured that Anson was unhurt and no longer in danger, Gren ignored the offer and limped off into the brush, disappearing from sight.
Zael came upon the scene and ordered elves to bring water and look after the humans and any of their own kind who may have been hurt. Zael showed genuine concern as he knelt down to check on Corissa’s condition; he was obviously relieved when Anson said she had no serious bodily injuries.
“Trolls rarely attack in the presence of elves,” the Elf-Lord breathed through a drawn mouth, as if he was convincing himself. “I have never heard of them attacking in pairs. They dislike each other almost as much as other beings. The thing most puzzling to me is that trolls are always cowardly in the face of obvious defeat. The presence of so many armed elves should have been enough to drive them off without an attack, but they went right for the humans. Something must have possessed them, some fear or anger that surpassed their usual bad temper. This is a bad sign, Anson. Something extraordinary is amiss. I do not like it.”
Zael allowed them a few minutes to regroup and prepare to continue their journey. A small party of elves stayed behind to attend to the dead trolls, disposing of the bodies according to custom.
When it was time to depart, Zael saw Corissa and Nevin to their feet. He once again took the lead position, but did not push the others as hard as before. While the pace was slow for the balance of the day, the entire party wanted to put distance between themselves and the site of their frightful experience with the trolls. They made almost four leagues before the first signs of dusk. Zael selected a spot for their night’s rest and his minions quietly went about the business of setting up camp.
* * *
Nevin lay back in his bed of bracken and boughs, nursing his bruises and aches. Hands folded under his head, he stared into the twilight pursuing thoughts that would take his mind off the day’s earlier events. A very small campfire crackled noisily from deadfall twigs, bringing welcome heat and light. The fire was carefully tended by a brace of elves who made sure the burning was kept under control.
Anson sat down next to Nevin, thinking his friend needed consolation. “Are you distraught from today’s events, Nevin?”
“No. Except for some bruises, that battle seems like it was somehow unreal. Like it happened to someone else.”
“Then what is it that troubles you, Sir? Corissa? Gilsum?”
“Well, right now it is entropy.”
“Entropy? I do not know that word.”
“It’s like a law or a rule of the physical world that is associated with heat and other forms of energy. Entropy explains the movement of heat.”
“What bothers you about this law?”
“What bothers me is that the properties of entropy are predictable and physically inevitable, at least up till now. Remember when Bartram raised the temperature of the water in my fish tank? In order to raise the temperature like he did, he had to transfer—or move—energy from somewhere. I thought I finally had it figured out. There was a heated radiator near the fish tank and he might have used neural energy from his brain, what you call mindpower, to guide heat from this radiator and direct it to the fish tank. Nobody knows much about neural energy, except that we know it exists, we can measure it and up to now people thought it was not very potent.” Nevin propped himself up on one elbow and added, “This explanation makes sense if we suppose that Bartram’s spell could have bridged the gap, by that I mean the distance between the fish tank and the radiator. What doesn’t make sense is that we saw the heat being transferred across this gap very rapidly. Entropy would not allow for such a rapid transfer of heat—unless there was some third source of energy pumping the heat into the fish tank. This possibility complicates an already messy picture, especially because it would take a hell of a lot of energy to raise the temperature of ten gallons of water by twenty or so degrees. Are you following me?”
“I’m not sure,” Anson replied. “Say more about it.”
“Now that I’ve thought about it, I have to assume that the heat source in Bartram’s demonstration could not be the radiator, and neural energy really does seem to be insufficient for this effect. That means there must be some other high energy source for a heat spell to work…the law of entropy requires it.
Anson responded with a shrug, “I do not know of such laws, Nevin. Mages are taught to memorize spellwords exactly as their teachers had learned and practiced through the ages. The only laws that govern the success of a spell is how perfectly you say the words, execute the movements if there are any, and whether you generate sufficient mindpower to bring about the desired outcome.”
“There’s another thing I’ve wanted to talk with you about,” Nevin shot back. “Those spellwords. I’ve noticed a lot of similarity among the spells. Your spells are made up of parts, like elements in a chemical equation. Take the indifference spell, for example. Some of the phrases refer to an element of relaxation, one poses figure-ground relationships and another imbues quietude—all three elements working together produce the effect you call indifference. And another thing: all the spells have targets, or better yet, let’s call them coordinates, for their action. It is possible that the coordinates in some spells refer to a sort of central energy source—maybe the sun, or the heat trapped in a nearby area of ground, or possibly a source like a campfire. And your neural energy—your mindpower again—might be a catalyst that allows access to the energy source. If I had some good thermometers I could test that theory.”
“I have never examined the parts of a spell in the way you describe,” responded the puzzled mage. “As apprentices, we did memorize them part by part, but I thought that was to make the task easier. No one has ever treated a spell as other than a whole entity.”
“How many spells are there?”
“I know of twenty, not counting their reversals, but there are probably more in old spell books somewhere.”
“Only twenty? Has anyone ever mixed up the parts of different spells to create new ones? Like making an invisibility spell out of parts of a deliverance or, say, a reversed luminescence to make things darker?”
Anson eyes grew wide with this suggestion. It had never occurred to him, or any other mages he knew, that new spells could be created. “Nevin, you talk of things which are beyond the skills of an ordinary mage. Even a High Mage could not likely do such things as invisibility. Spells are not so extraordinary…although I did notice how you altered the luminescence for your demonstration in the King’s throne room.”
They each winked at their remembrance of that experience.
“Well, Anson, I don’t know what goes into being a ‘High Mage,’ but after what you did with the horses and restoring light in Lucan’s castle, I’d say you were pretty ‘high’ up on the magery scale yourself.”
“Your words are flattering, Nevin, but my skills are only modest.”
“You certainly are modest, all right. I don’t think you realize just what you can do, or maybe what the two of us together can pull off. Some day perhaps we’ll find out just what we can do, entropy notwithstanding.”
Nevin was glad to see Anson drop the “Sir” as their friendship grew. It was a welcome feeling that the camaraderie of this little band was drawing them closer together. Feelings like this were new for Nevin, who had always kept pretty much to himself. Changes in friendship among their party was evident to others as well. After walking over to join Corissa, Anson excused himself to allow the other two some privacy.
Corissa sat on a blanket spread next to Nevin’s bedding area. With the combination of light from the fire and the waxing moon, Nevin saw that she had cleaned up and changed her clothes. No bruises and scratches from the troll’s attack were visible. He stared at a chain of small star-shaped flowers arranged in her hair. She was lovely.
“You noticed the flowers?” she said. “The elves thought I should add a little color and fragrance to my appearance.”
Nevin only stared.
“The flowers?” she said.
“Huh?”
“In my hair? The elves arranged these flowers for me. They fussed and pampered me, and even provided warm water for washing. I think they were trying to cheer me after our awful...adventure.”
In the subdued light, she was utterly beautiful.
“Sir Nevin? You are staring at me.”
“Oh! Sorry. It’s just…that…I mean…you…Oh, I wish everyone would drop this ‘Sir’ business. Just call me Nevin. Or anything you want.”
She laughed at his awkwardness. They sat there for some time, saying little, each enjoying the presence of the other. For Corissa, though, this was a very confusing moment. She could not deny her feelings of friendship for Nevin. She also wanted to tell him about the ring she had hidden, but her King had sworn her to secrecy. Yet, if she had been killed by the troll, the secret of the ring would have died with her. Someone else should know of the importance Lucan attached to his heirloom. He told her she would have to figure out when to reveal it, but this did not seem to be that time.
Orris and Anson joined them for friendly companionship. She forced the travails of the journey out of her mind, putting off thoughts of their mission and how little they had actually accomplished so far. Tonight she wanted to free her mind of worry and enjoy the company of her comrades. She would use this time to get Nevin to talk more about his land and his life before coming to Antrim. She knew very little about him. Her plan succeeded and Nevin talked freely. They chatted and bantered for quite some time, well after everyone else had gone to sleep save the few on watch.
Chapter 5
Surprises
Orris poked at the dying ashes in the campfire, privately biding his time like a soldier awaiting orders. Corissa checked the contents of a pack, but her anxiety was thinly disguised after the pleasantness from the previous evening had waned. Nevin watched her, recalling the pleasure of her company last night but still hesitant to ask what bothered her now. Anson attempted to converse with each of them but got little response, leaving the mage concerned that the group was losing its focus.
Finally, Zael walked up with a small escort of his people. All four humans quickly came together because it was evident from the Elf-Lord’s demeanor that something was happening.
Zael carried a bow with a full quiver of arrows slung over his shoulder, plus a swordwood blade and dagger in his belt. He looked as stern as Nevin had seen him, much like their first meeting when he issued a death sentence for their little band. Fortunately, this time it was not the four from Antrim who were the target of Zael’s concern. All were eager to find out what trouble was brewing. While Zael usually spoke to them with an authoritative voice, this time his tone was quiet, almost hushed, but still deadly serious. It made things seem ominous.
“Last night we were alerted that something was amiss in the Wood. The trolls’ behavior was one sign, but we also saw that many deer had traveled far out of their normal range. Birds that normally rest at night were active and their calls bespoke distress. I dispatched scouts and they have returned with disturbing news. Red-shirted soldiers have gathered on the far shore of the river bordering Gilsum, many of them. A thousand, perhaps more. They are making preparations to cross.”
“Do you mean the Grayflood River?” Corissa asked.
“Yes, Lady. A barrier you must cross to reach Gilsum.” Zael studied her reaction before continuing. “A few Red Shirts already crossed the river some days ago and have since cut down trees and been careless with fires. This assault on our Wood has greatly disturbed the creatures within and is a sinister omen for the Elvenkind.”
Zael paced and addressed Orris, “What do you say is their purpose, Soldier of Lucan?”
Orris answered directly. “If there are a thousand Gilsum Guardsmen, as you say, then they have massed half their entire army. That is far too large a force for their usual attacks on towns and villages. They must have some special assignment. I would guess they plan to march on the city of Sartell.”
“That is my thought as well,” said Zael. “Despite our lack of interest in your war, we are again drawn in. We know that Gilsum soldiers do not seek to attack us; few, if any, even suspect we inhabit the Wood. They will think of us as little more than a small band of dainty forest dancers, but we will stop their intrusion.” Zael turned to Corissa, a Gilsum-born woman, to see if her reaction betrayed any knowledge of this situation. Sensing no indication, he continued, “Therefore, I must act. You must understand it is neither for your King nor to save your army that I act. I move to protect the Elvenkind. This assault on our Wood must be thwarted. I wish to punish the Red Shirts. You may choose to face them with us or not. There will be no ill feeling if you stand aside.”
Before anyone else responded, Anson spoke, “Zael, can we accompany you as we have and still stand aside when we reach the Grayflood River?”
“If that is what you wish. Does the mage speak for all of you?”
No one was willing to argue, least of all Nevin who wanted nothing to do with armed fighting. He would have liked more information and a discussion of their options, but Zael grew impatient and it was best to let Anson or Corissa take the lead.
“I have no time to tarry,” Zael said. “It is several leagues to the Grayflood River and we must reach there before night. If you wish to go with me, then follow. Do not take time to bear your parcels. I will have them brought by others. You are already as slow as a plodding bear, so you must travel as lightly as you can. I leave now.” There being no need for further words, Zael strode off.
With his senses sharpened from his recent experiences, Nevin detected blurred movements of a large number of elves moving through the forest cover. Anson, Orris and Corissa quickly jumped in line behind Zael, with Nevin’s start delayed as he hopped along trying to put on his boots. After getting on his footwear, he had to run to catch up with the trail of marchers before they moved out of sight in the dense pathless cover.
* * *
Their column kept up a quick pace for two hours before stopping for a bite of sweetened rusk and a sharply stimulating herbal drink. Zael allowed only ten minutes before they were off again. This pattern was repeated two more times before they finally stopped for a proper rest. Zael offered a note of encouragement when he told them they were making much better time than their previous efforts. “Even a plodding bear can move swiftly for a time, it seems, if the need is great.”
Nevin, still sore from the unaccustomed physical demands, appreciated the word of support even if it was faint praise.
Before taking off again, Zael made a surprising remark to Corissa.
“You do quite well, Lady. You disprove the stories that women of the King’s court are pampered and helpless. You make it seem that a determined woman can outdo…even the strongest man.”
All eyes turned to Nevin, who was sitting on the ground with his boots off, rubbing one of his feet, displaying an anguished look of physical discomfort. “What did I do?” he asked, at the querulous looks.
A while after they resumed their march, Anson was the only one of the Alliance who could keep up the frantic pace. Orris developed persistent leg cramps, plus Nevin and Corissa’s growing weakness and thirst made it necessary to stop once an hour. Zael decided these frequent delays meant they would have no breaks longer than a few minutes and they would not eat until the end of their trek.
They reached the western end of the Elvenwood, where the ground became much more uneven, almost hilly, but the forest growth was still dense. Less than half a league from the Grayflood River, they finally stopped. Nevin and Corissa were spent and collapsed where they stood. A camp was set up in a tiny glade and small groups of elves congregated around the area while those with assignments to set up the camp did so. No fires were allowed.
Nevin looked around the glade, thinking it unusual to find another open grassy area surrounded by such dense forestation. Noting the perfectly circular pattern of the area, like a few others he had seen previously, he guessed that these places were purposely cleared as designated meeting places or strategic markers, though he had seen no evidence that elves actually cut trees down.
Nevin and Corissa sat on the ground to rest, leaning on opposite sides of a burr oak, when Zael brought Anson and Orris to join them. Zael knelt on one knee and spoke in a rare hushed tone, which Nevin took to mean their situation warranted some care over detection. “It is less than a league to the Grayflood River and we have an hour of daylight left,” the Elf-Lord spoke softly. “I am going ahead to survey the Red Shirts and have asked Orris to accompany me. The rest of you can remain here and recover from your trek. Brune will stay with you.”
As they exchanged nods, Nevin recognized Brune as one who was frequently at Zael’s side.
Nevin, who was not about to disagree with the suggestion that they stay put, gave a weak wave as Zael disappeared into the trees without a sound. Orris followed closely behind, his sword bobbing as he ran on cramped legs, with the sound of breaking twigs and scuffed leaves marking the soldier’s trail.
Nevin turned his attention to Corissa and both realized at the same time they were very thirsty. Anson agreed that he could use a drink, too. The elf, Brune, instinctively understood their need. In somewhat stilted use of common speech, he said, “Water you can get. Brune will show.”
Both Nevin and Corissa were practiced at conversing with some of the elves by this time, and they understood that Brune wanted them to follow him.
Brune took a step and waited for the humans to rise, then said something about how unpleasant it must be for humans to have such heavy feet. Nevin and Corissa replaced their footwear and painfully righted themselves with a hand from Anson. Brune took the lead and the three humans followed him until they came to a nearby tiny rivulet that barely flowed. Mosquitoes buzzed annoyingly around them.
“Take water only from top. See?” The elf set down his bow and quiver, knelt down on both knees and used his hands to sweep away some flotsam and scoop small amounts of water just at the surface. Nevin understood the point of the demonstration as a technique for avoiding potentially unhealthy sediment or floating debris, but he wondered if Brune thought this advice was necessary because humans were as slow-witted as they were slow-footed.
After drinking their fill, they started to leave when Brune alerted and motioned for them to stand still. Anson was the second to alert, then the others. They all responded to a strong odor carried by the breeze.
“What is that awful sm—” Nevin did not finish his question when they were suddenly confronted with the source of the odor. Stepping from between the trees was a large scaly animal, about the size of a pony. In its mouth was the badly blistered carcass of a deer.
“What the hell is that?” Nevin called.
“Dragon,” said Brune, who had recovered his bow and nocked an arrow. “Do not move. If it attacks, then run different ways. I will stay. You will escape.”
A dragon? Though Nevin was coming to terms with the enigma of spellcasting, the appearance of a mythical beast actually annoyed him, until he took a good look at it.
The “dragon” dropped the deer carcass and nonchalantly stared at the two-legged creatures, occasionally blinking an eye and moving its head as if to examine each of them. The scaly skin, short toe-nailed legs and darting forked tongue marked this animal as a reptile. Nevin thought it looked a lot like a very large monitor lizard, except it had a membranous hood, currently retracted, and a longer neck. The dragon picked up the carcass and rapidly shook its head, though it appeared to be more of a yawn than a gesture of aggression. With the yawn came a repeat of the odor, but this time it was so strong it caused them to turn their heads and cover their noses. Nevin was struck with a recollection.
“I know that smell,” Nevin said quietly, not wanting to disturb the animal. “That’s formic acid. This animal secretes formic acid. We don’t want any contact with that stuff.”
Nevin immediately realized the absurdity in his understatement. Any contact at all with this carnivore would be dangerous, but formic compounds were especially corrosive to flesh. Many animals and plants produced formicary substances for defensive purposes, like some ants and bees, but this reptile was more formidable than any swarm of insects. The affect of this animal’s secretions was evident from the deer carcass, which looked like it was burned with cold fire. Nevin would later enjoy this discovery as a basis for the mythical fire of dragon’s breath, but at the time he was more concerned for the safety of his companions.
“What should we do?” whispered Corissa.
“I shoot. You run,” said Brune as he raised his bow. One arrow would do little damage to this sturdy animal, but it was clear that the elf had decided to draw the dragon’s attention and allow the humans to flee. Before Brune could release the shaft, his bowstring snapped.
“It is not necessary to draw the animal’s blood. It would not attack with Anson in your company.” The voice came from a man standing twenty feet to their right. He had appeared with a suddenness that even startled Brune.
“Who are you?” Corissa asked.
“I am Hillister.” He was a normal looking man, light skinned with very short hair, almost to the point of baldness, and very lean features. He wore a tan robe, sashed at the middle with a white belt made of rope, and was barefoot. It was difficult to estimate his age, though he was clearly not a young man. In fact, Nevin thought he appeared almost ageless with no facial wrinkles or other common signs of aging.
“Leave us,” Hillister spoke firmly to the dragon and further bid its departure with a wave of his hand. The dragon took a step and hesitated, then made another wide-mouthed yawn and shook its head.
“All right. Take the carcass. It will do the deer little good to leave it. Then be off with you.”
At Hillister’s command, the dragon picked up the remains of the deer and sauntered off. The stranger walked over and shared a brief stare with Anson, although the man calling himself Hillister showed no emotion and barely blinked.
“Did you sever the elf’s bowstring by magery?” Anson asked.
Hillister nodded.
“Most mages are known to me, but you are not. Are you of this land?”
“I was born in Antrim like you, Anson. We have much in common, including our love for this land and its people. Like you, I also want them to be saved from the horror of this interminable war.” Nevin could detect only the barest hint of emotion in those weighty words.
“If you are a mage and born of Antrim, yet I do not know of your name or face—are you…a High Mage?” Anson reeled at this thought.
“We have been called that, among other things.”
“We? Then there are other High Ones?”
“Yes, but that it unimportant to you at present.”
“We need to get to the city of Taunton and meet with King Meire. Can you help us?”
“I know of your mission but I am forbidden to help you. You must help yourselves.”
Nevin deluged himself with questions. How did this man know of their affairs and just what did he mean by acknowledging himself to be a “high” mage? And why would Anson’s presence make any difference to a hungry reptile? Most of all, he was perturbed at this man’s cryptic refusal to help them.
“Anson is an accomplished mage himself,” Nevin sneered. “If you are one of his kind, why won’t you help us? Could you deliver us to our destination so we could meet with King Meire?” It was unlike Nevin to be so suspicious, but he was leery of this man.
“We know of Anson’s skills. He has powers, great powers, as it appears you do, Professor Reasoner—in raw form. But we are obligated not to interfere with this struggle between Antrim and Gilsum. Besides, the deliverance spell is not for such casual use. It has brought two men here who are out of their place, and you, yourself, have used spellwork frivolously on a dog. You are both forbidden to invoke any further deliverance, though other spells remain available to you.”
“How do you know all that?” asked Nevin, visibly annoyed. “And what did you mean about the dragon not harming us because Anson was here? And how could you know that I was a professor?”
“You can discover the answers to these questions later, but now you must focus your energies on the obstacle presented by the Gilsum army ahead of you. If you like, I am allowed to describe their actions although Zael will have discovered it all by now.”
With carefully chosen responses, Hillister confirmed that Orris’ guess had been correct. The Gilsum army was preparing to cross the river and march through the Elvenwood to eventually storm Sartell. It was an ill-advised effort, based on their assumption that the Elvenwood would be as manageable as other forests. The army’s main general and his officers underestimated the density of the Wood and made no allowance for Zael and the Elvenkind, whom they regard as a few powerless sprites, if they would even encounter them.
It started to grow dark and Brune became anxious about their rendezvous with Zael. Hillister agreed that their conversation was done for now and they must return to their camp, for they had much planning to do. Following Brune, the group departed. Hillister watched them leave without a wave or a spoken farewell. When Nevin looked back at the spot where the strange man had been standing, he was gone.
* * *
Zael was growing concerned about the absence of Brune and the three humans. The proximity of the intruding Red Shirts and the likelihood of battle made the Elf-Lord even more insistent that his orders be followed to the letter. When the missing group returned, Zale scolded the young elf for allowing the group to wander off. Nevin wanted to intervene on Brune’s behalf, but thought it wiser to stay out of it.
After the rebuke, Brune responded with a few words which Nevin could not understand, but which definitely startled Zael.
Turning sharply to Anson, the Elf-Lord asked, “Who did you meet?” Anson explained it was a man who called himself Hillister and acknowledged he was a High Mage.
Zael did not seem relieved at this news. “There are High Ones. They live in a secluded region and do not interfere with us, being neither friendly nor unfriendly. On only two occasions have I met one. It is most extraordinary that the High Ones have taken an interest. Tell me all that was said.”
They sat on the ground and formed a small circle where Anson recounted their experience with the dragon and meeting with Hillister. Zael acknowledged the report and ordered that everyone eat and drink their fill from the best of their provisions. The Elf-Lord remained pensive and consulted off to the side with Orris and Brune while the others ate from a hastily prepared setting. Shortly, Zael announced his plans.
“The Red Shirts have only a few small boats to move their large army across the Grayflood. Thus, they have built two rafts from felled trees and strung a heavy rope across the river to guide the rafts. With this arrangement, they could move all their men and provisions across in one day.”
“What do you plan to do?” asked Corissa.
“We have a plan to prevent them from entering the Wood, should they succeed in crossing all their men. I will arrange my elves in a wide half-circle surrounding the point where they have chosen to enter the Wood. We will hide where they will not see or reach us. When the soldiers march forth, my archers will cut them down. Should any get through, we will attack them singly while hidden by groundcover and slash their legs as they march.”
“What do you want us to do?” Anson asked, his face blanched over the certainty of bloodshed. Nevin knew Anson well enough by this time to understand how the mage felt about this talk of planned mayhem. Nevin, himself, was initially disturbed by Zael’s plan that many men would die, but the Gilsum soldiers were as yet unseen and Nevin’s concern over their fate was stifled by his need to see to their own safety.
Zael answered, “Orris has agreed to stand with me for council. Corissa should not be seen or engaged in the fighting, so Nevin should stand with her to the side. However, I would ask you, Anson, to use your spellwork to upset their rafts as they try to cross the river.”
Their responses varied. Orris showed the grim face of a veteran soldier planning for battle. Anson fretted over the impending fight and the need to complete their journey to the Gilsum capitol. Corissa was piqued that she was singled out to be protected. Nevin was fearful about the safety of all of them; to Zael this seemed an odd reaction by such an imposing man.
Zael responded first to Corissa, “Lady, my suggestion to hide you from view is not for the reason you suspect. It is not your bravery or courage that I question. If you, a Gilsum woman, are seen, you will draw much attention. You will lose your secrecy and your mission will be greatly jeopardized.” Corissa pursed her lips, but a nod acknowledged this point.
Zael turned to Anson and offered an unusual gesture of deference, a concession to a human not seen before. “I know that you have a reverence for the lives of others, Anson, and I would understand if you refuse my request for spellwork.”
Anson quietly replied, subdued by the inevitability of armed conflict. “Corissa says this river is cold, swift and deep. If the rafts are upset, the soldiers will be thrown into the water and many would drown. I am sorry, my friend, but I cannot contribute to such an act. How could I convince Meire and Lucan to stop their murderous actions if I was willing to do the same. Is there no other way to avoid this battle? Could we not talk to them? Appeal to them not to enter your Wood? I would be willing to go to their camp…”
“That is an honorable intention, my human friend, and also what I expected from you. But it would be certain death for you to show yourself, even if they did not discover you to be a mage.”
Orris stepped over and put his hand on Anson’s shoulder. “You are a persuasive man, Anson, but those soldiers will follow orders and not be stopped by reason or pity.”
“Orris is right,” said Zael. “I ask that you stand to the side with Nevin and Corissa. It would sadden me to have such a noble man suffer harm.” Turning to the others, Zael continued. “Anson will not take a weapon, but what of you Nevin? And Corissa? Would you like weapons in the event that you are overrun?”
Corissa said she already had a dagger and that was all she wanted. Nevin was oddly at a loss to answer the question about arming himself, but vaguely reasoned out that he would not do well with a short weapon like a sword. If any soldier got close to him, Nevin knew he did not have the skills to survive hand-to-hand combat. His lack of experience also ruled out a bow, so he asked for some kind of staff. At least he could keep an attacker at bay until help might arrive.
Zael said their requests would be met and added darkly, “The rigor of the day’s journey has wearied me, as it has you. We must all get a full night’s sleep. In the morning we must be prepared to fight.
Nevin did not expect to hear Zael admit fatigue, but the Elf-Lord’s affirmation of the need for battle was even more disturbing. This clearly meant that men would die and he could see no way to avoid it.
From outside the glade, Gren watched through the trees and listened to their council. He could not understand all the words, but he could tell from the faces that something ominous was going on. In particular, there was something in the mage’s face that made the droll uneasy.
Chapter 6
Anson’s decision
Anson lay wide awake on his bedroll, rethinking the need to strike off on his own. Almost hoping for something to distract him, the night passed quietly except for the faint sleep sounds of his three human companions. Even with hundreds of elves retired about the camp, the night was darkly muted. The dozens of sentries were as noiseless as their sleeping comrades. Anson worried that if he left now, he would easily be discovered. On the other hand, even a successful departure would be dangerous. Very dangerous.
Every attempt to think through the situation ended with the same conclusion: It fell to him to take the next step before the main body of soldiers crossed the river. Anson had to find a way to prevent the Gilsum army from entering the Elvenwood. A clandestine departure, toward the red-shirted army, might look like an act of treason. In a way, maybe it was treason because he meant to warn the Gilsum side of the elves’ ambush. Has such a risk become so necessary?
To Anson, neither army was fighting a just cause. They had become so entrenched in age-long battle that their enmity had become the foremost business of each kingdom. For many years, there were only small detachments of soldiers that fought in “civilized” fashion with ritualized skirmishes that caused few deaths, but that had changed. Many soldiers have since died in battle, forcing the armies to enlist ever younger recruits until mere boys were conscripted. Widowhood multiplied while the birthrate declined, leaving too few workers to adequately carry on the business of subsistence. Farms became poorly tended. Banditry appeared. Neighbors turned away from neighbors. When his village of Huxley was attacked, even Anson was put in a life and death struggle with a Gilsum soldier, forcing the mage to use a death spell. Reverent for life, he never deliberately injured another person, nor would he even sacrifice animals for food. He was too ashamed to tell anyone about his despicable act; he could not settle his own mind over how easily events unfolded so that even he would kill another man.
The decision was clear. He had to try to avoid bloodshed.
The young mage fretted, wondering whether his friends would understand that his departure was not a faithless act. One at a time, his friends came to mind as they slept soundly around him. Among them, Orris was the only one who had known Anson long enough to fully understand the mage’s decision. Surely, this old friend would know that Anson could not simply stand aside while hundreds of men were slaughtered.
What of the others who had not known Anson before this sojourn with the elves?
The tall man, Nevin Reasoner, was either sage or mage or possibly both. He stood over six feet in height, but would not use his size or strength for a physical advantage. Like Anson, he was a man of mental pursuits who also deplored the degradation of war. Formerly a “professor” of what seemed to be obscure sciences in a far land, Nevin might also understand Anson’s decision. After all, this man had put aside his scientific biases and agreed to travel by spell to Antrim and aid Anson in this cause. Had Nevin come to know Anson well enough to understand that a warning to the Gilsum general was not a traitorous act?
And Corissa? She was King Lucan’s confidant and emissary. She was also a Gilsum-born woman, yet married to an officer of the Antrim army and widowed before the marriage flowered. She would be the one most likely to question Anson’s motives, though more from loyalty to her Antrim king than animosity toward Anson. Could the others make her understand?
There was no telling what the elves would think, especially Zael, the Elf-Lord. For generations the elves had remained aloof and disinterested over the war between the kingdoms of Antrim and Gilsum, but now Zael was reluctantly drawn into the conflict. Elven ways were mysterious to Anson, though there were moments when Zael seemed to approve of the goal for peace sought by this unlikely alliance.
In the end, what would it matter what any of them thought? Anson had no choice but to strike out alone. He dared not debate his plan with the others. If he did not survive, the others could still carry on. Better than anyone, Anson knew the soldiers would kill him and any comrades instantly if they had any suspicion he was a mage. The King of Gilsum had a paranoid fear of mages and put a high bounty on their heads. No soldiers would turn down the opportunity when there was no other way to obtain such riches. Anson finally sat up and quietly put on his soft leather boots.
He looked around to see if there was anything he should take with him, but this was only a semi-conscious attempt to divert his thoughts from the peril ahead. If he succeeded in getting to the Gilsum camp, he knew he must not reveal the existence of their mission under any circumstances. He would willingly die to protect the identity of his fellows of their so-call alliance, just as he might die anyway at the hands of the Gilsum soldiers he sought to warn.
A breeze began to rise and rustle the tall pines. It was time to go.
* * *
It was well before dawn when Anson quietly left the camp behind him. Aided by natural noise that disturbed no one, the leaves rustling in the breeze eclipsed the silence of the night. A body or two turned over in sleep, but the chorus of leaves made any footfalls less noticeable. Anson took no parcels or belongings and quickly reached the edge of the encampment. As he moved within sight of the sentries, he hoped he would not have to resort to spellwork to make his way without alarm.
Spellwork proved unnecessary. The guards immediately recognized Anson, but ignored him. They knew he was the human mage befriended by Zael, an uncommon thing for them to witness because their Elf-Lord had rarely shown respect to humans. Although elves did not engage in spellcasting, the guards knew that Anson was gifted at magery and held him in esteem for it. Because magery was a mysterious art it did not strike any of them as unusual for a mage to trip about in the night, although some might have thought it curious that Anson would walk toward the river. Still, none saw his actions as suspicious. Anson was allowed to pass without challenge and the mage quickly disappeared into the darkness.
Anson stopped when he reached the edge of the tree line where the elves would defend their Wood against the expected intrusion of Gilsum soldiers. He was close enough to the Grayflood River that the sound of the swiftly running current could be heard above the rustle of trees. The river was only a hundred yards ahead, across an open area from the tree line to the shore. He readied himself for a dash across this area.
Before Anson could take another step, a huge hand grabbed his shoulder from behind. He wheeled to face Gren, the droll. Though Anson had seen Gren speak with elves, it was a surprise for the droll to show that he had partially mastered human speech as well.
“Go where?” demanded Gren. The droll towered over Anson.
“I have got to get to the river, Gren. Let me pass.”
“River has danger. No pass.”
“You do not understand, my friend. I must find a way to get across and stop the Gilsum army from entering the Elvenwood.”
“No! Much danger! Stay.”
In the darkness, Anson could not clearly see the tall creature’s face, but there was no doubt that Gren was determined to stop him. “Please, Gren. If only there was a way I could explain this to you. You must not try to stop me.”
Gren understood the perils that lie ahead in attempting to cross the river plus the subsequent danger of confronting enemy soldiers. Anson took some steps backward, but Gren had anticipated his movement. With little effort, the droll grabbed Anson by the jerkin and with one hand lifted him up and set him in the crotch of a tree.
“Stay, good human. Have no danger.”
Looking down from this perch, Anson had two recourses. Either he could have Gren accompany him or he could resort to magery to get by the droll. Quickly he decided the best decision was to use a spell of somnolence, which would put the droll to sleep without causing him any harm. He canted the words and focused the spell at Gren. Because of the droll’s size and determination, Anson thought he would have reiterate the spell to work up enough psychic energy but that was not the case. The spell worked with surprising quickness.
Gren tried to shake off the strange cloudiness enveloping his mind, then fell to one knee and toppled over with a muffled groan. Anson climbed down the tree and knelt over the droll. Seeing that Gren was safely put to sleep, the mage gave him a gentle pat and a smile of appreciation for his friendship and protection, and started toward the riverbank.
* * *
After several minutes, Anson reached the near shore of the Grayflood River, still a safe distance away from a campsite tended by a small band of Gilsum soldiers who crossed the river days earlier. This small detachment was sent ahead of the main phalanx to cut trees to build large rafts for transporting more soldiers. As a result of their work, there were logs strewn everywhere with piles of wood chips. The air was heavily perfumed with the smell of resinous sap. In their makeshift camp, the men slept noisily, completely unaware of the stranger only yards away on the upstream shore. Two guards were posted, but both were also weary from a day of hard labor and dozed on their feet.
Anson left these men behind and made for a hulking object ahead on the shore. It was a small rowboat used by the men to cross the river, pulled up on shore completely out of the water. The boat was much too heavy for Anson alone to push off; besides, one person would not be able to control it in the swift current. Anson frowned at his situation. He had neglected to conceive a plan for crossing the river.
“Now what am I going to do,” he muttered to himself, not expecting to be heard.
“You will do what you have to,” came a reply from the dark.
Anson spun toward the sound of this voice and immediately recognized its source.
“You have a way of showing up in the midst of apparent trouble, Hillister.”
“I would disagree, Anson. What most see as troublesome is often less than mere appearance,” said the slender man now standing only a few feet away. He was still dressed in the same tan robe belted at the waist with a white rope, the ends hanging down to about knee height.
“Surely you know that I seek to cross the river, yet you imply it is only an apparent problem. I cannot walk on the water or fly across.”
“True, you can do neither of those things, but you do have powers. You know what must be done, yet you have not given enough thought to the means at your disposal. You and your companions have powers to solve such problems. Use them.” Hillister turned to head back into shadow, but stopped to give Anson a friendly nod that seemed to convey encouragement.
Anson said, “Wait, Hillister! I am just a simple mage. I have no high powers...” Anson took a step, but the man moved completely into the dark.
Not sure whether to fear this mysterious figure or deny their conversation even took place, Anson sighed deeply. He dismissed fear, sensing that Hillister sympathized with their intentions to stop the war between Antrim and Gilsum. But for some unknown reason, Hillister was restrained in what he would say and what help he could provide.
Somewhat annoyed at the enigma surrounding Hillister’s words, Anson brought both hands to his hips. If he was supposed to have the requisite powers to do something about his situation, as Hillister said, what could he do? He could not fly across nor manage a boat in the swift water. The only calmness to this river was above the water. That must be it! The mage from Huxley was struck with an idea: He could try to levitate the boat and travel over the water.
Anson concentrated his mindpower and searched his memory to recall the words for levitation, a delicate spell he used with small objects. Anson had no experience trying to levitate something as large as an oar, let alone an entire rowboat. After searching his memory for the words, it took several failed iterations before he got the words in the right sequence. Finally, the boat began to quiver. He repeated the words and increased his concentration. The boat began to rise—and rise—until it reached the height of a tree, fell weakly into the water and floated away with the current.
What happened! Anson stood dumbfounded at his success at levitating the boat. What have I done wrong? He remembered something Nevin said about directing the action of a spell. What did Nevin call those spell elements? “Coordinates?” Something about position in space and framing the object of the spell.
The boat was hopelessly unavailable, so the mage looked around for something else to aid him. There were several discarded tree limbs lying nearby, apparently too small to be used for the rafts. He did not have the time or materials to build a proper raft himself, but another idea occurred to him. Anson concentrated again, this time with attention to desired position in space, and cast quick levitation spells to raise three limbs till they were about waist height off the ground. He moved them while suspended until they were side by side, and then tied them together with anchor rope from the boat. Once bound, and with his mental energy properly focused, he pushed the makeshift raft over to the river’s edge, still hovering securely in the air. Once he climbed aboard the suspended raft, he made a silent acknowledgment to Nevin for his insight about “coordinates.”
Anson could sense that his focus on the levitation spell was limited, more so than less demanding spellwork like indifference. He guessed he had a matter of minutes before the spell wore off and the makeshift raft would fall. He also realized he had no way to propel the raft over the water. Chastising himself again for poor planning, he looked about for a paddle but there was nothing that would serve. Anxious to get moving before dawn broke, he reasoned that he might be able to propel the raft by using his feet. He laid face down on the raft and let his legs dangle over the side. By stretching his feet, he could push off against the bank at the water’s edge. Doing so, the raft coasted forward several feet, now hovering over open water. Stretching further, the mage discovered he could get some propulsion by frog-kicking his dangling feet against the water, especially where he could gain purchase on exposed rocks. Lunge by lunge, he gradually edged farther out across the river. This method of propulsion worked steadily until he eventually neared the far shore, but it only worked because he maintained levitation just above the surface of the water.
Dawn was approaching and Anson knew he must not be seen carrying out an act of magery. When he was a dozen feet from the shore, he felt his makeshift raft quiver slightly. Despite his mounting fatigue, he furiously kicked his outstretched feet to propel the final distance. As he closed in on the far bank, the quivering increased to a wobble and the raft fell into the water as the spell expired. Anson thrashed about and managed the last few feet to safety. Once the wet mage was on dry land, he dropped to his knees, exhausted. Too fatigued to move on, he lay on his back to recover his strength. After a few minutes, he laughed aloud at the odd sight this must have been.
Chapter 7
A bond grows
“Is the droll dead?”
“He’s not dead, but he’s unconscious and I can’t rouse him.”
“Where is Anson?”
“I don’t know. When I woke up, he was missing.”
A short distance from their camp, Zael and a few others had gathered around Corissa and Nevin. The two humans were kneeling over Gren, who was flat on his back. It was just past sunrise when they discovered the droll. In the weak light of dawn, Nevin could not tell what had happened to Gren but there was no indication of injury.
“Maybe he was attacked by Gilsum soldiers, perhaps some advance scouts.”
“Could it be injuries he suffered from his fight with the troll?”
Zael knelt down for a closer look. “The droll has been slept,” he said.
“Slept?”
“A sleeping spell was put on him,” Zael answered. “Anson must have done it, and recently from its effect. That is why it is so difficult to wake him, Sir Nevin. He will recover without harm before long.”
One of the elves whispered something privately to Zael, who nodded but said nothing until a look from Nevin indicated the need. “Brune asks whether Anson has gone to warn the Red Shirts of our presence.”
“That’s ridiculous! Anson would not give us away!” Nevin snapped, rising to his feet and towering over everyone present. “That’s absolutely crazy and you should know it!”
“Brune thinks your mage friend might warn them to prevent the loss of so many human lives.”
Nevin shook his head to deny the allegation; he paced off a few steps to sort things out. Even an amateur psychologist should be able to figure out what happened here, he thought. There aren’t that many variables. He scratched his growing stubble of a beard. A moment later he threw his head back and snapped his fingers, startling most of the elves gathered about them. “I get it now. I think I see what he has done.”
“What do you mean, Nevin?” asked Corissa.
“He must have gone to the Gilsum camp, as Brune suggested, to ask them not to invade the Wood. That’s just what he would do after he realized that Zael wouldn’t back down from attacking those men.”
“It is the Red Shirts who have made the first attack when they felled our trees. My plan is one of defense!” protested Zael.
“It is all the same to Anson,” Nevin shot back. “To kill men—or elves, or any creatures—is intolerable to Anson, as it should be to you, Mr. Elf-Lord!”
Several gasps preceded a sharp silence after this accusation, but Nevin was not through defending his friend. “You never hesitated to take the most violent course, Zael. You could have explored other possibilities to detain the Gilsum soldiers, but you were quick to decide on a plan that would kill or injure most of them. You may not like to hear it, Zael, but you’re as prone to military madness as those men.”
Brune, standing next to his leader, may not have understood all of Nevin’s words, but it was evident from the tone that the human was quite angry. Brune took a step forward and dropped a hand to the hilt of his dagger. Zael quickly motioned for him to stop.
“All right, Tall One. Say what you think has happened here.”
Everyone relaxed a little and Nevin continued, “When Gren saw where Anson was headed, he must have either tried to stop him or go with him. Anson had to resort to a sleep spell in order to get away from the droll. He would not put Gren in jeopardy.”
Brune emphatically shook his head, asking why Anson would put himself in such peril when his side had the strategic advantage. Nevin knew Anson well enough to answer, but it was Zael who spoke, “He does not want anyone killed or hurt, Brune. This mage would sacrifice himself to save men he does not even know, even men who would kill him if they knew his identity. He has not betrayed us, but in his way he is trying to save us. Sir Nevin, if they discover he is a mage, he is lost. Can you save him with magic?”
“Sorry, Zael. If I could do something, I would.” Nevin shrugged helplessly. Corissa put her hand on his arm. Her eyes showed concern, but she offered no solution. Both of them realized that the next step was Zael’s to take, and the elf leader was now ready to move.
“Whether Anson lives or dies will be soon decided,” added Zael. “But we cannot wait to see what happens to him. The Red Shirts will try to move their soldiers across the river today and we must get into position to maintain our advantage—even at the risk of imitating human aggression.” Zael might have been stung by Nevin’s criticism, but it was clear the elves were still going to defend their Wood.
Zael was handed a stout wooden rod about seven feet long. “Sir Nevin, here is the staff you requested. I suggest you stay close to Lady Corissa. I can spare no one else to guard you, so you will have to be alert for your own protection. If you are overrun, shout for help and we will try to aid you.”
Zael curtly passed on instructions to a nearby elf who snapped to attention then ran off. A few minutes later, elves started to appear from all sides and gather in the center of the glade.
Soon a large crowd had assembled and the number astounded Nevin. He recalled that Zael made reference to a large contingent, but there had to be two hundred or more elves massed in the glade, though not all of them were armed. Over the past few nights, Nevin had enjoyed their pleasant, affable nature as he got to know these forest denizens, but now their mood was somber. The odd-sounding collective murmur of high-pitched elven voices made this scene seem surreal, and the sheer number of bodies made for a visual and auditory contrast with the forest surroundings. This was the only time Nevin had noticed their sounds standing out from the natural sounds of the woodland. Zael strode to the center of the glade, stopped and raised his hand. There was immediate silence. No birds trilled. Even the rustling of leaves stopped as if the wind and trees seemed subject to obeisance before the Elf-Lord. Zael spoke slowly and deliberately in a common tongue so that all present would get every word.
“You must forgo your personal needs now. Leave all parcels here; carry only weapons. We will depart very soon to take our positions. We must walk at our quietest and speak only in whispers. Those of you armed with bows, save your swordwood arrows for those wearing armor. The best archers will be placed so that the enemy leaders will be the first struck. You have been told how to identify their leaders. If the Red Shirts succeed in getting many fighters across the river, you must succeed in felling your targets with one shot. Remember their vital spots.”
Zael concluded his speech with a short expression in elven words that seem appreciated by the elves, and, in a quiet way, seemed to rouse them. Exhorting the troops to defend home and hearth, Nevin thought, a time-honored tradition before the battle. He solemnly shook his head and surveyed the scene with grave disappointment, perhaps as Anson would have done if he were there.
Almost instantly, the crowd thinned out and the large contingent of elves dispersed into the Wood, all moving west toward the river to take up their positions. Nevin was awed by the seriousness of the moment and humbled by his complete lack of experience in military matters. Using his staff as a walking stick, he moved over to Corissa’s side and asked her to accompany him. She seemed unsure at first, as if she intended to protest this decision.
“Corissa, we cannot avoid this confrontation now. We have to be concerned with our safety. Please come with me so we find a spot to take cover.”
He laid a hand gently on her shoulder and she acquiesced. The two walked west in the same direction taken by the elves. Gren stirred, but at Zael’s order was left to recover on his own.
Although the Wood was not particularly dense in this area, Nevin noticed that he had gained some skill at walking quietly and with less difficulty through the tangle of briar, bramble and bracken amid the trees. There was nothing magical about it, merely selecting soft ground plants, particularly the ferns and bracken, which would muffle a footfall and cushion one’s path. Roots could be avoided or lightly stepped on to avoid tripping. It was remarkable how fast he was adjusting to these barely believable circumstances.
* * *
It was easy to detect the very edge of the Wood because of the distinct tree line, but this line was now interspersed with a hundred stumps from trees very recently hewn. Zael stood alone at the forest edge, looking over the damage with a cold, stone-faced stare. Nevin and Corissa quietly walked up to his side, but said nothing. Littered everywhere were wood chips, saw dust, branches and the remains of tree crowns. Numerous small bonfires had burned down to embers and ashes, filling the air with the harsh scent of latent wood smoke. Knowing how the elves treated their land with the care and attention one gives a home, it was a ghastly sight that gave Nevin momentary pause to forgive Zael’s outrage.
Zael turned his stare to Nevin. Without a blink the Elf-Lord spoke, his voice almost a whisper and feathered with sadness. “Look closely at what has been done. This has been a massacre of living beings, made worse because only young trees were cut for their uniform size. Can you feel the loss of life here, Tall One, as we do?”
The Elf-Lord’s face showed grief, but his look quickly hardened again as he organized and located his troops. His intention was clear: This assault on Elvenwood would not go unpunished.
Zael suggested that Nevin and Corissa move to a high spot amid a cluster of medium-sized birch trees. From there they could remain hidden and see down past the scrubby, bushier growth to the bank of the river. From this distance, they could already see about three dozen men milling around on the shore, most of whom had taken off their red uniform tops as a concession to their manual labor. Several men were attending to a huge rope, which they were trying to secure to some type of anchor post. Two soldiers were positioned as guards, but they were nonchalant about their duty and seemed either half asleep or otherwise not alert.
On the far side of the river, Nevin could see a lot of campfire smoke and barely perceptible movements of many red-clad men, though they were too far away to see distinctly what was going on.
The river itself was the only whitewater Nevin had seen so far in this land. Except for the foamy tops of curling waves and rollers, the cloudy sky made the river appear almost black. The current was very swift, due to the narrowing of the river channel from much wider beds to the north and south. There were occasional large rocks in the river which produced some eddies and rapid backflows, and downstream the curling waves terminated at a large souse hole. Why would the army try to cross here, where the strength of the current could make their crossing perilous? Someone had said this was a deep river with a fast drop-off, which added another peril for those who tried to cross. Nevin concluded that some Gilsum general had undoubtedly picked this point because it was the narrowest crossing in proximity to the Wood, which had to be their destination as well as a supply of logs.
The plan for moving the soldiers across was plainly evident. Two huge rafts were constructed from the hewn tree trunks and floated across to the far shore, where they were secured. A single, hefty rope was conveyed across the river and anchored at both ends from one shore to the other. The rope was strung through rings on heavy stanchions screwed onto the rafts so that men could pull it through the rings and force their raft to move the length of their pull. The rope was heavily bowed where it fell into the swift current, but it was holding and the plan looked to be a sound one. Nevin excused the Gilsum general for picking this turbulent location because ferrying a wider distance in this manner was impractical.
Nevin had a growing emotional response to this scene—a vague but still powerful feeling of anxiety unlike anything he had ever felt before. His fight with the soldier at the Hogshead Inn seemed insignificant compared with this impending battle, but even that simple bout of fisticuffs had bothered him deeply. He was troubled by a blend of emotions—fear, guilt and worry—and a paralyzing uncertainty about what he should do. He was afraid for Corissa’s safety as much as his own, repulsed by the heightening prospect of manslaughter, and worried about Anson, who was still missing and certainly in great peril. All these feelings intensified because he was confused. What role would he have to play in these events?
Chapter 8
Battle
“The time has come.”
Zael came by for a last check and motioned for Corissa and Nevin to remain quiet and hidden in the small cluster of birches where they crouched. Zael was accompanied only by Brune. The Elf-Lord whispered to the humans, “They make ready to cross. I must leave you now. I…I am sorry about what must occur.”
As Zael left, Nevin detected something different about him. It might have been his pace, or posture, or the inflection in his voice. Something about the Elf-Lord revealed a hesitancy that contrasted with his usual demeanor. Zael was always confident and decisive, even arrogant, and on the day of battle these qualities should be even sharper. Perhaps the Elf-Lord was influenced by Anson’s reverence for life. If so, it was a good sign. If Zael could soften, maybe the king of Gilsum might not be so hard a sell after all. It also showed how essential Anson was to their success.
Zael and Brune were still nearby, partially obscured by the vegetation. Nevin could not make out what was said between them, but Brune responded with a stoic look and a sharp nod of his head. Zael placed his hand on Brune’s shoulder and touched his face. It was a moment of intimate regard between a sovereign and his subject, but it looked more like a stern father acknowledging affection for his son. Nevin later learned that Brune was indeed the Elf-Lord’s oldest son. Zael walked slowly away toward the tree line where his archers were hidden. Brune steeled himself before spinning to face the opposite direction, toward the river. After a deep breath, the young elf dropped to the ground and crept in a serpentine path toward the bank. As Nevin watched, he could see that Brune was heading toward the spot on the near shore where the soldiers had anchored the trolley rope for the rafts. The rope was tied to a small tree trunk driven in the ground like a stake.
On the far side of the river, the two rafts bobbed in the current as they were securely held by the hefty tow line. Gilsum troops started stepping cautiously onto the huge rafts. It only took several minutes for both rafts to be loaded with at least one hundred men each. Nevin saw that the men wore their armor and carried their weapons, evidently to make the logistics of their move more efficient. Because both rafts were secured with a single rope strung through stanchions, the swift current tried to push the crafts together, while men used poles to keep the crafts from bumping into each other. Their task became increasingly difficult as the number of passengers added up. A man gestured wildly trying to organize the soldiers in order to balance their weight and keep the rafts stable.
The rafts were ready to leave. Under the direction of an officer, a column of men started pulling the rope in unison as they moved slowly away from the far shore.
As the first raft reached the half-way point across the river, the trolley rope bowed further from the strain of the current but still remained secure. The second raft moved a little faster, almost pulling even with the other. For both crafts, water flowed over the sides as the leading edge dug in and out of the current. In time, the rope pullers better synchronized their task so the rafts maintained a safer distance from each other. The passengers apparently were instructed to stand in place and endure wet feet because they stood still as statues. Rows of soldiers remained steadfast, many of them using their pike to form a tripod with their feet, which enabled them to maintain their balance as they bobbed in the current. There was no conversation among them. Travel by water under these conditions was not a pleasant experience for these land soldiers, as evidenced by the fearful expressions on many faces.
The first raft was three-fourths of the way across and the second was at mid-stream when shouts broke out. On the near shore, the anchor rope came loose and whipped like a snake as it flew through the stanchions of the closer raft. With the tow line loose, the pullers shouted alarms. Many of the passengers started shuffling around, making the raft more unstable. Some of the pullers were upended into the water as they tried to hold on to the flying rope.
On the far shore, crowds of men quickly gathered at the water’s edge but were helpless to aid their confederates because of the depth and cold temperature of the water.
The first raft was now floating free, picking up speed with the current. Some soldiers jumped off in panic as the raft lurched further from the shore, guessing they could swim the relatively short distance to the bank. Many others made the mistake of scurrying around on the bobbing raft trying vainly to find something secure to grab. Shouts of panic rose as more and more men were either thrown or knocked into the water. About half of the passengers were still on board when that raft hit a souse hole and broke apart, all going under.
The men on the second raft had more success holding on to the tow rope. A quick-thinking soldier wound it around some stanchions, preventing the raft from coming completely free. This remaining raft bobbed in the current with one end of the rope still firmly fixed on the Gilsum bank. It looked like that raft would stay secured until it hit a large eddy-producing boulder in their path. With the collision, it tipped to one side and men tumbled into the water terrorized at their peril.
Armored soldiers could not overcome the disadvantage of their excess weight. Others without armor were no less panicked by the turbulence, but some of them flailed enough to get to the shore. While a few made it safely out, the stark coldness of the water incapacitated many more whose numbed bodies impaired their efforts to fight the current. It was certain that less than a tenth survived overall.
Lost in the chaos of the moment was a smaller commotion on the Antrim shore. A small group of soldiers converged on the area where the trolley rope had been tied to the stake. Spears and swords went into action as Brune was discovered after he cut the trolley rope. He had no chance for escape.
Nevin watched the entire scene with horror as all these men and one elf went to their deaths with virtually no chance to save themselves. “I’ve never seen anything like this before,” he gasped. “It’s horrible craziness. A senseless waste.”
“It is war, Nevin. You said yourself this confrontation could not be avoided.” Corissa’s explanation was not meant to be consoling, only realistic.
Nevin bristled, disturbed that she did not seem to feel the same as he did.
Corissa tried to get him to look at her, but he could not take his eyes from the scene. She shouted at him, “Is it more horrible to kill your enemy by a watery death or a sword? Soldiers know that death stalks them. There is little they can do about it when their time comes.”
Nevin shot a look at her, angered by her justification for this carnage. “Maybe you are right, Corissa. These men may be helpless, but we are not. We can do something about this. We have to! Anson tried to do something and he’s probably going to die for it, if he’s not dead already.” A lump grew hard in his throat. “If he dies from this madness, we cannot let him die in vain. We must go through with his plan so this will not happen again! You do see that, don’t you?”
“Nevin, please—”
Nevin hid his face from Corissa and the massacre, leaning weakly against a tree. Still, the horror of the moment would not abate and he grew angry again. He lashed out again at Corissa, refusing to believe someone could try to justify these deaths. “More dies here today than these soldiers, Corissa. These men have parents and wives and children—and part of them dies, too. The ones at home still have to go on with what’s left of their lives, but they will never be the same. They will never be whole again. If we have it in our power we must stop this from happening again.”
She was stung by his words. Bitterly stung. She could not face him. She wanted to tell him, scream at him: Don’t you know that I lost my husband this way? He died in a battle he had no chance of winning, yet he still chose to die with his men for honor and fealty to their King. With his death I lost my husband and I have honored him by not allowing another to take his place. How could this be wrong? How could you say that their honor—and my honor—was so foolishly misplaced? The answer to that unspoken question bit with deep throes of grief for herself and the wives of so many soldiers who died today and before. Nevin and Anson are right after all. War serves dire purposes. The changes wrought by war are only degrees of misery.
Stunned by confronting her own grief, Corissa realized that part of her had died with her husband. The way she chose to live with that prevented her from fulfilling what life she had left. She could not face Nevin now; he had hurt her, even though she knew it was not out of cruelty. She pushed her face against the tree that shielded them and lost the control she had built up over the years. She cried at her loss. She did not want Nevin or anyone else to look upon her during this moment of private pain.
Nevin had paced several yards away, supporting himself by stretching out a hand against a small tree. Leaning over, his head bowed, he was unsure whether to be sick to his stomach or sick to his heart. He cast a glance back at Corissa, who was still reposed in her grief. Instinctively, he left her alone. After confronting her as he did, and seeing how it had ignited painful memories for her, it was best to let her work through it.
Corissa’s heartbreak was only one of the things that set him reeling. Many had just died horribly, given almost no chance to defend or save themselves. Brune sacrificed his life in a most gruesome way. Anson was still missing and if not dead already, he soon would be. Their meager, poorly planned mission was floundering. Nevin had never experienced anything like this before and his mind quailed at the thought that moments like this were a way of life for soldiers. It did not matter whether the place was Gettysburg, Viet Nam or some other far-flung land called Antrim. In a way, these were all places of fantasy to him, but not for those in uniform fighting for the cause that brought them to those places.
* * *
Across the river, the great stir to rescue anyone who managed to get near the shore was over. It took a while for the shouts to subside as those in command instilled order. Here and there men dotted the far shore, their arms whirling as they threw hooks from long ropes to snag bodies floating in eddies or hung up on rocks. Nevin sadly surveyed the scene, wondering what recourses were being considered, since no army could suffer such an assault without thoughts of retaliation. Movements along the opposite shore soon revealed the next step.
Four small bands of troops appeared at widely dispersed points. Each band had gathered around a small rowboat. The boats each had two sets of oars, which meant the craft could carry a few troops plus two oarsmen. The boats were quickly loaded with as many soldiers as would fit, what looked to be about six to eight per boat.
Muted, vengeful shouts echoed as the boats shoved off, the men at the oars rowing mighty strokes to overcome the current. It was not long before each boat made it successfully across, unloading their passengers while two remained to row the empty boat back to the other side. When the boats returned to the Gilsum shore, they were loaded again and the process repeated with a new set of oarsmen. By the fifth trip, about one hundred soldiers were mustered on the Antrim side of the river. On the sixth trip, two of the boats went out of control and capsized from white water hazards. The remaining two boats stayed on the Antrim shore, the transport of soldiers done for the moment.
Nevin heard the rising shouts as the newly arrived soldiers met with the few who were already across. The voices were so clear and tinged with violence and anger that Nevin tried to hide further behind heavy ground cover. It was still early in the day, so the possibility of more armed conflict suddenly loomed possible.
Following another shout of orders, the troops massed and formed into a company at the spot where the trolley rope was tied. After posting a dozen guards, the soldiers broke into smaller units. Only a low murmur of a few voices sounded as they moved about, befitting the loss of so many comrades. The tone was mostly somber except for voices raised in anger and frustration that seemed to come from one particular area. Nevin stared from his hiding place, trying to make out what was happening. It finally hit him that Brune’s lifeless body hung from a tree and many of the soldiers stepped up to it and cursed him for what he had done. From snatches of comments and conversations, Nevin understood that their anger was doubly roused because their comrades were defenseless in their demise. This was a bad way for a soldier to die and these men were boiling for hand-to-hand combat to make up for their comrades’ indignity.
Even though Nevin had no experience in military matters, he figured it would be a mistake to let such emotionally-charged men go so soon into battle in unfamiliar territory with an unknown enemy. Heated emotions would make them prone to tactical mistakes. If their officers had any knowledge of psychology, they would wait a day. The action taken against them was a defensive one, so their unseen enemy could be made to wait. As a little time passed, it became evident that there would be no practice of psychology this day.
Nevin continued to watch from cover when the red-shirted Guardsmen mustered into formation again. The soldiers straightened their uniforms and gathered their weapons as they assembled into a close-order squadron, obviously eager to start out. Upon receiving orders barked at them by an officer, they spread out into a long double file that faced the edge of the Wood. Why they would take this formation was a mystery to Nevin, unless their intent was to secure a swath into the wood and clear the way for the rest of their army to follow. On command, the double line moved forward with pikes, spears, swords and a few crossbows at the ready.
The advancing line was not headed toward Nevin’s position, but the movement was still frightening to him. There was no way of knowing what would happen next, but it looked ominous. Nevin could hear his heart pounding as the red uniformed men shouted and brandished their arms to signal their coming. When the double line of soldiers reached within twenty feet of the tree line, a volley of bowstrings echoed like a hundred violins. A rain of arrows flew from the trees. Archers hidden among branches and ground cover had simultaneously responded to a command only they could hear. Most of the arrows hit their marks and men fell with groans and screams of agony. Within seconds, another flight of arrows hit their marks and more men fell. The ranks were broken as twenty or so soldiers who escaped the arrows retreated to the shore. Many of the fallen continued to moan until stilled by death or unconsciousness. It only took a few scant moments for the whole grisly scene to occur.
Nevin stared at the carnage, unbelieving that death and mortal injury could come so quickly to so many. He winced from shock from the sight. At that instant, a pike whizzed past his shoulder and lodged in a tree. He nearly panicked at the sight of the quivering spear just inches away, then immediately shook off this threat when he realized Corissa was not with him. Nevin ran, clutching his staff and calling to her. She answered, still lying low at the spot where he left her. He ran toward that spot but just before he reached her, a Gilsum soldier with blazing anger in his eyes charged out of the brush toward him, followed by a second man. Nevin thrust his staff at the first, who had become careless in his rage and knocked off balance. Nevin drove him to the ground with a blow to the midsection.
The second soldier grabbed Corissa as she kicked and flailed at him with her dagger. Without breaking his stride, Nevin ran at them. Swinging his staff nearly a full circle, he cracked the soldier squarely on the side of the head, dropping him as if shot.
To the left, a third soldier appeared from behind a tree with a sword pointed at Nevin’s breast. This man was apparently more experienced and did not foolishly rush headlong into hand-to-hand combat. There was no reckless abandon as he circled about Nevin looking for an opening. Nevin realized he had the advantage from his extra strength and height, so he charged. Using his staff to divert the sword, he grabbed the much shorter man by the collar of his uniform, tossed him to the ground and jumped on him.
As Nevin wrestled with the third soldier, a fourth appeared with a pike ready to throw as soon as he fixed on a target. Deciding to leave Nevin to his comrade, the fourth man took aim at Corissa who was backed against a nearby tree. Before the solder could release his weapon, he was grabbed from behind by Gren and felled by a single blow.
Corissa had gathered her senses and saw Nevin rolling on the ground with his attacker. The soldier had used some well-placed kicks to take down Nevin and had recovered his sword. In three strides, she was beside them. Without hesitation, she plunged her dagger into the man’s neck as he made ready to dispatch Nevin.
The droll stood over the man he had felled and let out a terrible roar as he picked him up with both hands and hurled him against a tree, resulting in a ghastly crunch. Gren glowered over the broken man and shook his fist, unaware that the first soldier had recovered and approached from behind. Gren issued a hushed groan as he fell forward to the ground with a pike sticking in his back.
The soldier who speared Gren came into view and cursed the fallen droll before turning to Nevin. This last standing soldier was now unarmed, as was Nevin. On the ground between them was a dropped sword. After an eternal pause, Nevin was the first to react and ran toward the weapon. Once again, his height was an advantage as he took two long strides, retrieved the sword and drove it into the breast of his adversary. The force of Nevin’s thrust made the man’s eyes bulge and mouth gape in painful astonishment as he was driven backward against a tree, where the sword impaled and held the man upright.
Corissa rushed to Nevin’s side and took his arm to turn him away from the sight that had him paralyzed with horror at what he had done. The danger was over for the moment, but the signs of their combat were everywhere. Three Guardsmen were dead and a fourth appeared so, and Gren lay fallen with a spear in his back. Two elves arrived and started tending to Gren. They struggled to remove the pike and feverishly tried to treat the bleeding wound. Nevin felt a glimmer of hope that Gren would be saved, but that was lost in his growing realization that he, himself, had killed a man. Zael and Orris came running up.
“Well met, Sir Nevin,” said Orris. “This is a day the Gilsum army will not forget.”
“Nor us, my friend.”
Chapter 9
Prisoner
Earlier that day, Anson screwed up his courage to go forward with his plan. He was on Gilsum soil for the first time in his life. He knew of no hiding places or havens, so he decided his best recourse was to walk straight into the Gilsum camp and seek an audience with the commanding general. It would not be difficult to find the main camp, for a thousand soldiers made a noticeable mark on the land. Anson walked inland a short distance then took a course parallel to the shore.
The landscape on the western shore of the Grayflood River was much less forested than the Antrim side. Occasional copses were clustered with small trees but the terrain was predominantly scrubby undergrowth. What cover there was did not do much to disguise Anson’s approach as he neared the outskirts of the camp. The nearness of the camp had become evident well before any soldiers were seen. The noise of workers moving equipment, preparing meals and receiving orders allowed Anson to measure his approach.
Through the leaves of a low thicket, Anson knelt and spent several minutes surveying the activity about the camp. There were hundreds of A-frame tents, all red in color, situated in an organized system of avenues. Red-uniformed soldiers milled about in small groups giving the camp an appearance of idleness.
Anson eventually sighted one tent that was bigger than the rest and located furthest to the rear of the camp. The big tent was large enough to house a meeting of twenty people. Four guards were stationed around it. That this must be the general’s tent was confirmed when a portly man emerged, and, with little sign of effort, had several men scurrying about to do some bidding. As the general went back inside his tent, Anson was certain this was the man he must get to see.
Anson came up with a plan to sneak half way around the camp’s perimeter, then approach the guard stationed at the backside of the general’s tent. This way Anson thought he could attract the general’s attention, plus it would appear that Anson had travelled from an inland direction and not from the Antrim side of the river.
Walking in this terrain was easy, compared with the arduous travel through the Elvenwood. Anson shortly reached the rear of the camp and faced the back of the general’s tent. The mage took a deep breath and stepped out in the open, hailing the guard. “Halloa! I have news for your General.”
“Stand fast and identify yourself!” The guard ran up to Anson with a pike pointed at his chest.
“What is this news you have for General Levant?”
“I will only speak to Levant. Take me to him.”
“The General is a busy man. You had better tell me your business or you’ll get a taste of metal to loosen your tongue!”
It was evident that this sentry was close to making good his threat. Since the general was in his tent, Anson decided to court his attention directly. “General Levant! Levant! Levant! There is news for you but the guard won’t let you hear it!” shouted Anson through cupped hands.
The guard became flustered at this action and did not know what to do, short of assaulting an unarmed man who claimed to have important news for his commander. Deciding the prudent action would be to march the stranger into the camp at pike point with a show of control over the situation, the guard ordered Anson to cease his shouting and prodded him forward to the front of the tent. General Levant turned back the tent’s entry flap with a flair of annoyance. “Who is this man, guard?”
“He just walked up to my post, Sir, and requested to see you. He claims to have important news for your ears only.”
The general walked over to Anson, looked him up and down and said, “All right, man. Out with it.”
“It is a private matter, General. May we speak in your tent?” asked Anson.
“I have no time for privates or private matters. Guard, take this man to your Sergeant to find out his business.”
“No! General Levant, I must speak with you alone. It concerns a grave danger facing you and your men.”
Becoming somewhat more interested, the general replied, “What danger is this? Speak! Do not tarry. I am not a patient man.”
Anson grew more anxious as he leaned forward and nervously whispered, “My news concerns your plan to march through the Elvenwood. There is danger ahead for you, but it is not wise to speak of this so openly and give rise to rumor among those who overhear.”
General Levant scratched his goateed chin as he weighed Anson’s words while studing this stranger’s demeanor. Finally, Levant spoke as he turned to a small group of men who had gathered. “You two subalterns search this man and then escort him into my tent. I wish to question him further.”
Levant immediately returned to his tent as the two men sprang forward to follow orders. Once inside the tent, Anson was lead before the seated commander who waited some time scanning a map before cueing Anson to speak. The subalterns stood behind Anson, keeping a watchful eye.
When finally signaled to speak, Anson explained that the Gilsum soldiers would meet much bloodshed and loss of life if they went forward. It was not the Antrim army that waited for them, he said, but a more potent force that could fight without being seen. When questioned further, Anson said only that the wood was inhabited by elves who would show no mercy and slay the invading Gilsum Guardsmen to the last man if necessary to forestall their march. The subalterns snickered at the allusion to elves as a threat.
In response to further questioning, Anson would not give his name. He only described himself as a recluse who lived in the forest and did not wish to see the wood defiled with the spilled blood of any man or creature.
Levant returned to his map and waited a long time before responding further. His earlier sneer and look of impatience was replaced by a visage of concern. “I am intrigued by your story, Man-of-the-forest. But I am more troubled by your knowledge of our plans to march through this so-called Elvenwood. We have not travelled this way before and there could be surprises and threats which we do not anticipate, but I cannot abide your story of ‘warrior elves.’ Surely you do not expect me to believe a small cohort of little creatures could cause havoc with such well-armed, experienced men?” Levant continued to study Anson, as if looking for a sign that would betray deception. Anson was visibly trembling.
“However, I do sense some slight need for caution,” Levant said, as he rose to stand face to face with Anson. “But I have been given orders to move forward and I see no reason to countermand them from the little you have said. But as to caution, I will have you bound so that I may question you further after we have moved our men across this infernal river.”
With this response, Levant was done with the matter and took his seat again. Anson panicked.
“But, General Levant! You must heed my warning! The lives of your men—”
“Take this man from my tent and tie him securely to the nearest tree,” interrupted the general.
Before Anson could say anything further, he was dragged from the tent and roughly placed with his back against the trunk of the nearest tree. His arms were pulled back and wrists tied tightly together so that any attempt at movement brought a painful strain on his limbs and shoulders. A single sentry was stationed with him.
Distraught at his failure, Anson was now a captive of the men he had tried to save. Though he pleaded with the guard and anyone who passed near, no one responded. It seemed all had been ordered not to listen to this raving man.
After a time, a small group of men walked past Anson, paying slight attention to the captive on their way to the general’s tent. By their dressier uniforms, they appeared to be officers and entered the tent as a group. Anson could hear Levant’s voice as he repeated the mage’s warning. When the general finished, there was a brief but loud burst of laughter, followed by an exit of the officers. Later that morning several soldiers came by to jeer at Anson for his portrayal of the elves as warriors. The men feigned fear that they might be done in by the “formidable littlefolk.” Anson did not reply to the taunts. He lowered his head, disconsolate at his failure to stop these men from going to their deaths.
* * *
In early afternoon, the idle appearance of the camp changed dramatically. Anson could not tell what was going on, but he guessed that preparations were being made to transport soldiers across the river. A buzz of activity persisted for some time until the drone was punctuated by shrill shouts and flurries of manic excitement. All the men in the camp, including the one assigned to guard Anson, surged toward the shore in a bustle of mass confusion. After a while, the chaos subsided and more orderly sounds of movement and activity were heard, but Anson was too far away and too subdued by pain from his bonds and mounting thirst to figure out what happened.
By late afternoon, another outburst of shouting and mania occurred, but it was a brief episode followed by angry shouts and curses. Shortly after this frenzy, General Levant came before Anson followed by a small contingent of soldiers who had looks of rage about them. Levant spoke in a quiet, almost whispered tone, “Man-of-the-Forest, I was almost persuaded by you to delay the march of my troops across the river. But my officers would not hear of any postponement because they thought they held an advantage with our strategy. They wanted to cross the river straight away, then proceed with a forced march. There would be nothing to deter them, they thought. We would be ultimately victorious and rich from the spoils. But this obsession has cost many lives today, just as you had warned, Man-of-the-Forest.”
Anson was stunned at the news.
Levant studied Anson’s response, looking for signs that this man knew more than he said. Then the general described how their rafts had been cut loose in the swift water and many men drowned when the rafts broke up. More than a hundred additional men eventually did cross the Grayflood River by rowboats, but they were cut down by unseen archers at the edge of the trees, just as the stranger had said would happen. The general had no doubt now that these casualties were caused by the elves that inhabited the mysterious wood, a fighting force they had completely failed to account for despite Anson’s warning.
Levant said, “One of the sprites was caught on this side after he cut loose the tow line and caused the demise of the rafts, but he was impetuously killed without a thought to his value as a hostage or source of information. I will not make that same mistake with you, Man-of-the-Forest.”
General Levant believed that Anson was nothing more than a common man with no military bearing or affiliation, but his prophetic warning meant he knew something about the unseen enemy that caused so much havoc. He repeatedly asked Anson to reveal all he knew, but the mage dared not say more because he would not betray his companions, nor would he divulge the identity of the Elf-Lord who was reluctantly drawn into the war between Gilsum and Antrim.
Even though his life was now in grave danger, Anson had to resist the temptation to use spells to protect himself, since he would be put to death immediately upon any signs of magery. When it was clear that Anson was not going to answer any more questions, Levant ordered his hands and legs beaten by the blunt end of a pike. A soldier jumped forward immediately and began striking the prisoner with relish.
After a few rounds of painful blows, Levant asked again, “How did you know we would be attacked? How many of these elves are there? Can they fight by means other than archery? Spare yourself, man! Tell me something so the beatings can stop!” Anson tried to look up, but his head fell wheezing quiet groans from pain and disorientation.
Levant stepped closer to Anson. So that no one else could hear, he whispered in Anson’s ear, “Tell me something, you poor wretch, before these hot-headed fools kill us both for their need for vengeance!”
Anson struggled to raise his head and face Levant. With great effort, he tried to talk but could only get out a fractured whisper that the general could not make out.
“What? What did you say? Speak up, man,” the general implored.
“P...pl...,” Anson mumbled, barely conscious. The strain of keeping his head upright took all the physical effort he could manage. “Pl…please, save…your…self…” With that plea, the mage from Huxley lapsed into unconsciousness.
General Levant bit his lip and slowly shook his head. He turned to go to his tent, but before leaving he said sadly to the nearest guard, “If that man revives, refresh him with water and call for me. If he dies, bury him and leave no sign of the grave.”
Chapter 10
Plans to make
Beneath the last glow of a pink and gray marbled sunset, flickering lights marked the campfires of the Gilsum troops on both sides of the Grayflood River. On the Gilsum side, there were far fewer fires than the night before. As these men tried to sleep, they divided their thoughts between lost comrades and their own good fortune after the day’s carnage. They believed their army was too large and well-provisioned to be defeated. Yet today, these men realized their chance of dying with no way to defend themselves was more than possible, it was likely. Many wondered what odds the next day would bring.
On the Antrim shore of the river, barely twenty Gilsum survivors, none of them officers, regrouped to lament their losses and await their orders. Half of these survivors huddled around a single large campfire and the other half stood watch, nervously peering into the growing darkness for signs of a mysterious enemy which had devastated their ranks.
* * *
The spectacular sunset lingered in the western sky. Nevin tried to appreciate the beauty of it, but could not. He stared at the emblazoned western horizon wondering what was ahead for him. It was not a family farm in Ohio that lay beyond that beauty, but an unknown land called Gilsum.
So much had happened to him in so short a time. He had been willingly swept along with this adventure—the deliverance, mages, elves, trolls, an unknown agrarian society—like some sort of fantasy that challenged his scientific precepts. What he saw today was too cruel to be dreamt, too senseless to be fantasized by a healthy mind. He could not have imagined it. Gilsum was a real land. John Stryker was here, somewhere, a real man with a known history but unknown motives. Gilsum soldiers who died today were real men, hundreds of them; one of these deaths was by his own hand. It did not matter that he fought for his own or Corissa’s defense. He had killed a man. “Professor” Nevin Reasoner had taken a life in the pursuit of saving lives. He winced at the irony. Tears rolled down his face.
* * *
The sun was completely down when Corissa joined him. She was another reason this adventure could not be imaginary. He did not know what to make of his attraction to her; he had such a mixture of feelings and little experience to help him figure things out. Her relationship to King Lucan was a barrier, for sure, and he certainly never dealt with royalty before.
Corissa was also uncertain about any personal feelings for Nevin, but she felt friendship growing with him as well as Anson and Orris. She had held herself back from intimacy for a long time, but she was attracted by his gentleness and decency. Her husband would have gloated over today’s demise of so many Gilsum Guardsmen with so few losses on his side; he would have reveled in his own glory at having slain men in hand-to-hand combat. Nevin was completely opposite; he was repulsed and shamed at having caused another’s death. Could she reconcile feelings for two such different men? This was a hard question to answer, but she had reached her own conclusion that Nevin’s way of thinking, and Anson’s, was the right way. There was no defending the inhumanity and indignity brought by the war.
Nevin finally spoke, “We’ve barely started out and suffered so much, Corissa. I was beginning to question the worth of this task we had taken on until the death of these men today—so many men—for no more purpose than to say they followed orders. Will you help me stop this insanity? We have to do whatever we can to end it.”
“I will go with you, Nevin. I want to do what I can. It seems ordained that we must proceed. Zael and the elves have played their part. So has poor Gren. We have played only a portion of our role; our task is only half done. Now, you and I and Orris must cross the Grayflood to finish it.”
“You’re right, of course, Corissa. But we must find Anson first. We need him. He started this and he must finish it. As you say, it seems ordained that each of us has a stake, but there is more in this for him than just convincing Meire to call a truce. I do know how we can succeed without Anson.”
She reached out her hand and he clasped it gently.
A voice interrupted their accord. “You are a perceptive man, Professor Reasoner.”
Nevin saw a figure walking toward them from the darkness of the trees. As it got closer, Nevin recognized it was Hillister, the one Anson called a High Mage.
“What do you want?” Nevin demanded. “What do you know about this? Do you know where Anson is?”
“I want what you and Corissa want. What Anson wants. As for Anson, he did try to stop the bloodshed as you surmised. He crossed the river and made his way to their general, but as you can guess he did not succeed. He has been taken prisoner and restrained, tied to a tree by the general’s tent. Since Anson will not tell them what they ask, they will kill him soon because of their need to take vengeance. He has already been beaten to unconsciousness. He needs your help to escape and as you say, your task will not succeed without him.”
“Can’t you help us?” Nevin said angrily. “If you are a High Mage, you bastard, you can rescue Anson and help us get to Gilsum! Where were you when we needed your help?”
“I told you before, I am bound not to interfere. You do not need my help when among your alliance you have resources yet unused. You have used some powers to get across the land of Antrim, but you will have to be more resourceful when you cross the river. There is greater danger for you and dark deeds are being done in the west by a man from your land. You must stop him as well as convince Meire to live in amity with Lucan. Remember, you have potential powers at your disposal. Use them.”
“What are you talking about? Aren’t you the one with great powers?”
“While I cannot help your alliance materially, I can offer you information. Downstream there is a boat left by the Guardsmen. You can use it to cross down river where it widens and is less turbulent. Once you reach the other side, you will meet with another of my kind. Her name is Zamora. Like me, she cannot intervene but can share information as I have. If you succeed in rescuing Anson, Zamora will travel with you as an observer.”
“What would she be observing?”
“I should think you would have guessed that by now. I must leave you. Make your plans with haste for time grows short. If you do not go forth with your mission and succeed, neither Antrim nor Gilsum will know peace before their kingdoms are ravaged.” Hillister stepped back, but stopped to look directly at Corissa. “Do not hold back, Lady. You must trust each other.” With a few backward steps, he slipped into the darkness among the trees.
Nevin and Corissa looked at each other. In their eyes was the mutual strength borne of the success of their mission thus far. In their hearts was a mutual resolve to cross into Gilsum and see things through to the end.
Nevin put his hands gently on her shoulders and asked. “What did he mean, ‘Don’t hold back’?”
“I guess he means I should tell you about the ring.”
“The ring?”
“King Lucan entrusted me with this ring.” She pulled out a large gold ring with a hexagonal face. One large red stone was surrounded by several smaller stones, also red.
“That is quite a piece of jewelry. Are these stones rubies?” When Corissa indicated she did not know, Nevin asked, “Is there some significance to this ring?”
“There must be. The King said it had been in his family since the days of Adel and has some sort of prophecy or augury associated with it.”
“Like what?”
“Lucan said that it was supposed to be used if Adel’s sons ‘fell to enmity.’ It has something to do with ‘enhancing the light of day’ and ‘opening the door of communication between his sons.’ I do not think he knew more than that.”
“Who was this Adel?”
“He was a great ruler, some say more than a king, who supposedly practiced high magic. In his time, Antrim and Gilsum were one land. The land was eventually divided for rule by his two sons, who were the forebears of Lucan and Meire.”
“You mean that these kings are related?”
“Yes, but nothing is made of it. What do you think about the ring, Nevin? Do you think it has magic properties? Can we use it to help us?”
“Well, I hope you’re not disappointed, Corissa, but I don’t think it is much more than a pretty piece of jewelry. The stones are large and they may be rubies, but they are not very bright; they look more like industrial quality stones. I would guess that Lucan gave it to you as a token to verify your role as his emissary. Like a letter of introduction.”
“I suppose you are right, Nevin. Lucan only said to protect it from loss and use it when it seemed propitious.” Corissa took the ring back and heaved a sigh, “What are we to do now?”
“Like Hillister said, we have plans to make. Let’s find Orris.”
Chapter 11
Rescue
“There’s the boat,” Nevin whispered, “Just where Hillister said it would be.”
Nevin scrambled down the riverbank and examined the rowboat. In the pre-dawn dark, it was difficult to see how seaworthy a vessel it was. Orris and Corissa soon joined him and threw their parcels in bow of the boat.
“Do you think we can handle this craft, Sir Nevin?” asked Orris.
“It’s built for two oarsmen and there are three of us, so we should be all right,” answered Nevin. “As long as it doesn’t leak.”
“Do you think we can trust that High Mage not to lead us to a leaky boat?” asked Orris suspiciously.
“Come on, Orris. I don’t know what to make of Hillister, either, but I think he is trying to help us the best way he can. What do you think, Corissa?”
“I think we will know more about his trustworthiness when we reach the middle of the river.”
The trio discussed their strategy to get the boat quickly away from the shore and let the current take them further downstream. When the current slowed to a manageable pace, they would make for the far side well away from the army encampment. Corissa asked about the danger from rocks, rekindling their memory of how the Gilsum rafts were wrecked the day before.
“You’re right, Corissa, we need to be careful. Orris and I will row and you station yourself in the bow and guide us away from any rocks or hazards. When the current gets slow enough, the two of us should be able to row fairly quickly to the other shore.”
“Sir Nevin, what is next after we reach the other side?”
“I plan to offer both of you my thanks for a job well done. Other than that, I have no plan except to find Anson and get on our way. Shall we go?”
Together they pushed the heavy wooden rowboat half into the water. Corissa got in and seated herself in the bow, followed by Orris who took the first set of oars. Nevin gave the boat one last push, unsuccessfully attempting to keep his feet dry with his final lunge. He tumbled into the boat as the strong current dislodged it from the shore and quickly sent it downstream, swirling and bumping off submerged rocks near the shoreline. Nevin quickly used an oar to pole them out to deeper water, but no one was yet in control of the boat as Nevin took a seat toward the stern. They pitched and spun about in the swift current, bringing water over the sides as the craft turned.
“Orris! You row straight and I’ll use my oars to steer!” shouted Nevin. Once the two men synchronized their oar strokes, they gained control of the boat and kept the bow facing downstream. Corissa could barely see well enough in the dark to guide them around obstacles, not always succeeding, but the current soon slowed and she directed them toward the western shore.
They reached a calm wide area of the river. Landing the boat on the Gilsum shore was not difficult, except by this time it was leaking profusely from the hard knocks it had taken. The extra weight of water in the bottom made it too difficult to pull the boat up on shore, so Nevin held it steady while the other two climbed out with their belongings. Once the boat was unloaded, Nevin pushed it away to drift downstream where it would not betray their arrival in the morning light.
Inexperienced as they were with boats, the two men were relieved to be standing on dry land again, though all their belongings were wet as well as themselves. Corissa gave no sign of her feelings about returning to her homeland.
Silently taking up their parcels, they headed inland to find a place of cover and discuss the next step in their plan. The terrain was upland, covered with scrub and patches of small trees, mostly aspen, alders and other birches, and some scraggly hawthorns. The rolling terrain made for a lot of uphill walking, but the breaking light of dawn and the memory of the much more difficult terrain through the Elvenwood stifled any complaints. They selected a place to stop in a coppice of bushy shrubs.
Orris produced some food, a sampler of root vegetables and dried legumes, and one of the two water bags provided by Zael. He reminded them there could be no fire, but no one objected to the lack of warm food or drink. They ate a hasty meal with little conversation until Corissa spoke, “We cannot walk aimlessly. We must have a plan. If neither of you objects, I have some thoughts.”
Nevin and Orris looked at each other, but neither had thought this far ahead. Nevin said, “If you have a plan, by all means tell us about it.”
“Yes, My Lady. This is your land and neither of us has been here before,” added Orris.
“I was born in Gilsum, Captain,” Corissa responded sharply. “But I do not claim it as home, nor do I think King Meire looks upon me as a subject. Antrim is my land and Lucan is my King.
“Er...yes, Madam. My apologies.”
Nevin was a little startled at her tone, but he understood that this was a difficult situation for her. He started to say something to smooth over this little confrontation but she stopped him with a wave.
“We must get to business. My plan has three parts. First, we must find Anson and help him as best we can…if it is not already too late. We know that he has gone to the main Gilsum camp, probably to seek the King’s general.”
Nevin frowned a little, as much for her abruptness as the implication of what she said about Anson. She saw his reaction. “You need not give me that look of disapproval, Nevin. I do not believe he went there as a traitor, and I am sorry if you find my tongue sharp. There is a time and place for niceties. Right now, we have no plan of action, we will be killed if we are discovered, and time is growing short. Shall I continue?”
Nevin softened his look and nodded for her to go on. Orris looked at both of them and smiled, keeping his thoughts private.
“After we collect Anson, our second step is to make for Taunton, the capitol city. The third part of our plan is to gain an audience with King Meire, but we should wait before setting those details. The terrain alone will make for a difficult journey, worse than traveling in the elves’ wood I am afraid. And that is aside from peril at the hands of Gilsum folk.
“What sort of problems will we have travelling,” asked Nevin.
“The way is due northwest, over a series of hills until we eventually reach the mountain city of Taunton where their king resides. The journey will seem always uphill and will become rockier and more arid. We have seen the last lush green of forest and meadow. Our water will be precious, perhaps even priceless, and we will need to conserve it.”
“Let’s take the first step and not tarry figuring tomorrow’s plan,” said Orris, with a hint of impatience. “I fear for Anson. If even one Guardsman sees evidence that he is a mage, they will deliver his head for bounty. We should move fast before he is killed.”
“Corissa, why are they so quick to dispose of anyone they think is a mage?”
“Because, Nevin, there is a long standing prophecy that the King of Gilsum will suffer a fiery death at the hands of a man with special powers who is not born of Gilsum,” Corissa answered. “But, come. Let us move. Orris is right. We need to find Anson as soon as possible if he is in the hands of...”
“Look!” Orris started, drawing his sword.
Several feet away stood the slight figure of a woman, her hands at her side. Nevin motioned for Orris to put away his weapon and walked over to her. She was very slender and wore a long grey robe, sashed at the middle with a white rope belt. Her face was also somewhat familiar, sort of roundish and framed by dark hair cropped short. Like Hillister, it was difficult to estimate her age. Despite the impassivity of her stance, her face conveyed emotion.
“I take it you are Zamora,” Nevin said, remembering their conversation with Hillister. “I am Nevin, this is Corissa and Orris.”
“There is no time for talk. Anson is in danger and held captive. He has been bound to a tree and beaten. If you are to save him, you must hurry.” Zamora’s voice was labored and her face grim, as if she herself was suffering.
“Well, so much for introductions and polite conversation,” Nevin said as he gathered two parcels. “Let’s go! I figure we have less than an hour before sunrise. Are you going to join us, Miss Zamora?”
Zamora nodded nervously. “For now. Please hurry.”
* * *
They already knew approximately where the Gilsum camp was located, since they had seen it across the river the day before. By crossing the river in the pre-dawn dark they did not know how far downriver they had gone, nor how slow their return by foot would be. Orris set a good pace, which they all equaled, and it was barely an hour before he waved anxiously for them get down. The rising sun had not yet appeared to east.
“The camp is just ahead. I can see one sentry. He seems like a nervous lad.”
“The first thing we have to do is figure out where they’ve got Anson,” whispered Nevin.
“I can tell you where they have him,” said Zamora.
“Well, that’s good news,” Nevin replied with a hint of sarcasm. “We would like as much help as you can give. Maybe you could chime in with a spell so we could just walk in and cut him loose?”
“You have already been told twice that we cannot cast a spell to aid you. You have also been told that you have powers among you. Look to yourselves and not to others to meet your needs,” Zamora replied sternly.
“Nevin, to us you are the one with high skills for spellcasting.” said Corissa. “It was you who caused the King’s reception room to go dark during mid-day.”
“To tell you the truth, I didn’t know what I was doing. I only know the words to a few spells and I don’t—”
“Please, Sir Nevin. Do what you can. Anson’s life depends on our action.” said Orris.
Nevin thought their expectations for him were unfair, but he had to admit that he had been successful at creating what appeared to be magic spells even if he could not totally explain it. He knew the words for the spell of indifference, which, if it worked this time, could keep him from getting noticed. Intuitively, that seemed like a bad idea. It would be too risky for him, perhaps the largest human in the land, to march into a camp with a thousand pairs of eyes and expect no one to raise an alarm. Still, he thought, if the indifference spell had at least some affect, perhaps he could walk around the perimeter until he could locate Anson. That was as good as a plan as he could think of.
“OK. I’ll try it. I need something to cut his ropes, if he is still tied—”
Before Nevin could finish his sentence Corissa handed him her dagger, leaving no doubt that the next step was his to take. It was still stained with blood, which left him chilled. He sidled a few feet away to better isolate himself and kneeled to gain his concentration. He took a few deep breaths and recalled the words that Anson had taught him. After a moment or two, he recollected the pattern formed by the words and focused his mental acuity. He felt a slight twinge. When he looked back at his friends he saw them watching intently, and he heard Orris regret letting Nevin go in alone. Corissa answered by saying that he would come back safely and not to worry. They looked and talked as if he was not still kneeling there only a few feet away from them. Then he caught a look from Zamora, who broke a faint smile and nodded for him to go on.
Nevin moved out swiftly but carefully, trying to stay as hidden as possible in whatever cover was available as he neared the camp. He remembered it was important to maintain concentration or the spell would lapse. Once he got close to the first sentry, it would be evident whether the spell was working—or not. If so, then he would circle the camp. If not…he would not let himself think of that eventuality, except that he realized he did not have the staff that served him before. He was unarmed except Corissa’s dagger, a weapon which he could not fathom using.
Nevin finally approached the first sentry. The guard looked about, occasionally pacing several steps around his designated post. Nevin took a deep breath and walked on tiptoe past the guard without suffering any notice. Struck by the guard’s inattention, Nevin stopped as he stood next to him. The guard failed to acknowledge him, even as Nevin walked a circle around him. Buoyed by this success, Nevin continued around the perimeter of the camp until he came to the far end where the large general’s large tent was located. His heart stopped when he saw Anson nearby, bound to a tree but slumped over. Anson could have been dead for his appearance, but Nevin would not think the worst.
A lone sentry stood near Anson, but there were also two other guards stationed by the large tent. Nevin pulled out Corissa’s dagger, hoping he would only need it to cut Anson’s bonds. He sighed at this predicament and muttered that he could use some help. As he took a few more moments to screw up his courage, that help appeared. The wind picked up. Nevin must have failed to notice with the light of morning that the sky was overcast. Drops of water started to dapple the dusty ground. At first a drizzle, it quickly increased to a steady rain. Men who had been milling around or doing working assignments headed for their tents. Soon, the only person immediately visible in the now pouring rain was the lone sentry guarding Anson and the two avoiding the rain in the general’s tent.
It was now or never. Nevin made straight for Anson. The sentry ignored him, though he apparently did see him. The guard looked puzzled and shook his head, then continued his circular walk around his post. Nevin ignored the soldier and looked after his friend, gently lifting his head. Anson was unconscious but still breathing. After quickly cutting the ropes, Nevin hoisted Anson over his shoulder and sprinted for the closest cover past the camp perimeter. After a glance back, he took off in the direction of his other comrades.
Once Nevin was well away from the camp, he set Anson down and checked him over more closely. The rain seemed to have some therapeutic effect as Anson stirred and let out a moan. They were still close enough that someone might hear the cries, so they had to move farther away before properly tending to Anson’s needs. This time Nevin hauled the mage piggyback style for a better distribution of weight, so they made good time without having to stop. It was not long before they met the others. By this time, the rain was letting up. Nevin gave a silent thanks for the fortuitous weather.
Nevin set Anson down once more, but it was Zamora who moved quickly to check the condition of the mage. She knelt over him, touched his face and held his head with a tenderness that caught the others by surprise. As far as they knew, Anson and Zamora had never met, so this level of solicitude was unexpected.
Orris whispered a concern about being discovered, but Nevin brought a finger to his mouth to hush the soldier. Without knowing why, he felt they had to wait for Zamora.
After several minutes Zamora sat back and sighed deeply, her face showing relief. This time, as she spoke, her voice did not waiver and she conveyed a tone of confidence and authority very similar to Hillister.
“Anson will live, if you tend to him. He has been badly hurt but his spirit is still strong. He has shown you how far he would go to serve your mission. To prevent the taking of a life, he nearly sacrificed his own.”
Zamora carefully removed her hands from supporting Anson’s head. Standing to face the others she said, “I must leave now, and you must go on with your plan.”
Nevin studied Zamora until their eyes met. She smiled at him and nodded, as if approving—of him, or them, or what he didn’t know. Yet, he felt a sense of confidence radiating from her and it raised his spirits. She stared at each of them in turn, clearly evaluating them and looking pleased. As Anson stirred, she bent down again to comfort him. When she rose again, the strange woman surprised them all when she said, “I wish I could remain with you to help restore Anson to health, but we are pleased to know that he will be cared for by those who love him as we do. He will recover quickly with his knowledge of herb medicines, if you provide what he asks.”
Anson cried out sharply, drawing their attention. Orris, Corissa and Nevin all rushed to his side. Nevin looked back to ask Zamora a question, but she was gone.
Orris urged them to leave before the soldiers sent out parties to look for Anson, knowing he was in poor condition and would not be far off. Nevin slung Anson on his back as before, and with Corissa in the lead, they hurried off toward the northwest.
Chapter 12
Canby
After half a day of upland travelling, the band stopped on a prominent hillock sheltered on all sides by thickets of short spindly trees and stretches of high grass. From the top, they could see for a distance in all directions. The sun was high and the temperature grew warm, a welcome comfort as it kept them and their parcels dry.
Anson laid on a comfortable bed made from tufts of grass they pulled and heaped for him. By this time, he gained full consciousness and the realization that he had been rescued by his companions.
While Orris and Corissa tended to Anson, Nevin also recovered from the constant uphill track taxed by the burden of carrying his friend. It was a small effort compared with what Anson had endured. Once stretched out, Nevin found it difficult to get up. He was already asleep when Corissa asked him if he would look for water.
Orris was carefully pouring Anson a drink from one of the water bottles when the mage choked and sputtered, then struggled to speak.
“Pouch…”
Orris did not understand.
“My pouch…”
Orris quickly searched through Anson’s belongings until he found a small cloth pouch with several pockets. With uncertain hands, Anson grabbed it and searched for some dried stems and leaves. After awkwardly crushing the material between his palms, he put the collection in his mouth and chewed it. He motioned for another drink, which Orris provided. As soon as he finished a long drink of water and swallowed the herb mixture, Anson closed his eyes and slept.
Since Nevin was also heavily asleep, Orris conceded this spot was safe enough to remain for a while. Corissa agreed, adding that it would be best to see how Anson would recover before moving on.
* * *
When Nevin woke the next morning, Anson was already sitting up talking quietly with Orris. Under Anson’s direction, Orris had made a medicinal salve of bittersweet and chamomile which Anson applied to his own external bruises and cuts. The mage continually flexed his hands and legs, indicating that the salve was having its desired affects. Seeing that Nevin was now awake, the mage winced from various pains but managed a smile as he greeted him.
“I hope you rested well, Sir Nevin. You deserved a long night’s sleep for your efforts. Words fall short of expressing my gratitude for the risk you took.”
“The words I want to hear from you, Anson, is your promise you will not run off on your own again.” Nevin was amazed at his friend’s quick recovery. How could this man act cheerful after such an ordeal?
“Ha! You are right, my friend,” Anson answered with his customary gracious tone. “We were meant to work as a team. My military friend, here, has told me several times this morning that we are the ‘Alliance for Antrim’ and an alliance cannot succeed if its members are scattered about.”
“Alliance, eh?” Nevin said with feigned annoyance. “Maybe we should find some rope and bind this alliance together so no one gets lost.” They all laughed at that.
Corissa finished preparing some meager items for a meal and they leisurely talked and ate till Anson said he needed to sleep. He prepared another dose of bugleweed, which allowed him a few more hours of restorative rest. When the sun was high, he woke again and said he was able to travel if they kept the pace moderate. While the others debated whether it was wise for Anson to walk so soon, he loaded his pack and started heading to the northwest.
The topography soon changed markedly. The vegetation was mostly sparse grass and random low bushes with low rocky hills to cross. Atop one of the hills, they got their first glimpse of the mountain where they were headed. It was named after the great emperor who ruled a vast realm as one kingdom, Corissa explained. Off in the distance, Adel’s Mountain was prominent in blue haze against a background of many other lighter colored peaks. Nevin studied this view, concluding that the light color was not due to snowfields but to rock with little or no tree lines. It posed a stark image compared with the lush flora he had experienced in Antrim. If a city could be located up there, it might be an imposing fortress.
Corissa confirmed his guess by explaining the capitol city was built right into the mountainside and walled so there was only one common access. She cautioned them that its apparent proximity was an illusion, knowing that Anson and Orris, at least, had no experience with mountain travel. Nevin affirmed her caution, adding how the pioneers of the American West cheered their first sighting of the Rocky Mountains, but grew disconsolate at the number of days it actually took to reach them.
Corissa said it would take their party at least four or five days to reach Adel’s Mountain, assuming no trouble. She was concerned that they be able to replenish their water bags, because much of the distance ahead was arid with few places to get water. They were fortunate, she said, that it was still the spring of year since it should not be oppressively hot. During the sweltering summer months, no one would risk travelling this road for very long without ample supplies.
Corissa also informed them they would soon reach the main road, known locally as the King’s Highway; by nightfall they should reach a small town where they could spend the night. Nevin asked if it was unwise to travel openly, but Corissa pointed out that they had little choice. There were only a few known places to obtain water and each had a surrounding settlement of some type. The people are not friendly to outsiders, but they know the need to share water. She assured Nevin that Gilsum folks would not flock around to gawk at him, as had happened in Sartell, but would keep to themselves. As long as the little band had a believable story to explain their presence, they should fare well. Corissa had concocted a story which should provide an adequate disguise for their mission.
The downhill walk from their resting place made it easy to start off again. After climbing and descending one more set of hills, they came to the King’s Highway. They followed the road for a while, encountering only two small groups of travelers. True to Corissa’s prediction, these travelers offered no conversation and stayed far to their side as they passed. These Gilsum hillfolk only gave quick, nervous glances to be alert for possible attack, and the chance meetings quickly passed with no exchange.
A few hours farther down the Highway, they sighted the town of Canby. A settlement of a dozen or so scattered buildings, it seemed unusual to Nevin for the small homes to be widely dispersed. Since they were living under harsh conditions, he thought it would be more adaptive to live closer together. After some musing, he presumed this must reflect the unsociable nature of the people. He nodded to himself with satisfaction over this deduction. It felt good to use his intellect again. Since arriving at Antrim, most of the demands on him were of a physical nature and he hardly had reason to use his scientific acumen; in fact, he was steadily forgetting the details of his previous life. Trying to resurrect his scientific orientation, however, caused him some distress because of his inadequate explanations for some of his experiences. How the deliverance spell worked, for example. He promised himself he would address this conundrum in due time. Right now, he needed to pay attention to this first Gilsum settlement they were approaching.
As they walked into Canby, Corissa suggested they approach the largest of the homes because it had a stable where they might be allowed to bed down for the night. She also picked this site because it was on the edge of the little hamlet and the stable was located a good distance from the owner’s wood frame cottage.
It was already evening and Corissa bid her band to hurry, as the residents would be less willing to open their door to travelers at night. She instructed them to wait as a group, remaining in plain sight, a short distance from the front door. She would go alone and ask for permission to use the stable and fill their water bags.
Corissa was met at the door by a highly cautious man and woman. They engaged in spirited discussion for several minutes, with the couple making frequent glances and animated gestures toward Corissa’s three companions.
Corissa returned and explained they could sleep in the stable for one night. No food would be offered, but they could fill their water bags.
“What were they so excited about?” asked Nevin.
“They were concerned how much water a big man like you would drink. I told them you were a feral man raised with the goats of the high mountains, and like the mountain goats you did not need much water.”
“Thanks a lot.” Nevin was chagrinned, but the others thought it was an amusing reference.
“Did they question you about the destination of this ‘Goat Man’ and his companions?” asked Anson.
“Yes, Anson. I told them you were a healer who had special knowledge of herb lore and were sought by me to help heal my mother, who is gravely ill in Taunton.”
“What about Nevin and Orris?”
“Orris is my personal guard, paid by my father to keep me safe. Nevin is your servant. To allay their fears of him, I told them Nevin has the mind of a child and merely grew large because he has some troll blood in his ancestry.”
“A troll’s descendent again! Since I am now your pack animal, I suppose I should carry all the parcels to the stable and go nibble some straw,” sputtered Nevin, who would have preferred that Corissa look at him in a more flattering light.
“No, not straw,” Orris chided. “Remember, goats prefer grass. Such a large body this boy has, but such a small mind.”
They laughed at the jest, with Nevin even forcing a smile as they walked toward the stable. To make up for his remark, Orris left them to fill the water bags. The stable was a roomy stout building, timber-framed with half-walls of piled stone and upper walls of rough sawn wood; it was roofed by overlapping slates. Nevin and Corissa made up some bedding using the cleanest straw and their blankets, both agreeing it would be a cozy place for sleeping if they could only find a spot untainted by animal manure.
“It won’t be so bad, Nevin,” Corissa offered as she patted his shoulder.
Nevin was appeased by her show of concern, but she could not resist another jibe. She took his arm and looked up at his cow eyes. “Since you are used to the bad smell of goat droppings and only horses are kept here, this will be like a perfumed room at the King’s castle.”
Corissa laughed so hard she developed a side stitch and had to sit down on a bale of hay. Nevin was stung again by the unflattering characterization, but he loved hearing her laugh. She seemed to drop her guard and her little joke relieved the tension of the day’s exertion.
They prepared for a night’s rest. Using an old fire ring situated safely outside the stable, Anson was fit enough to prepare a meal of cooked legumes, cheese and a hot broth that was wonderfully flavorful. After eating, they held a short discussion of their plans for the next day’s travel and retired to the stable. In this small space, Orris positioned himself closest to the door. He removed his swordwood blade from its tether but kept it at his side in easy hand’s reach.
Before they started their preparations to leave the next morning, Anson left the stable for a short walk and Orris went to top off the water bags. Nevin and Corissa repacked their parcels, but were startled as the door to the stable flung open. Anson walked back inside, his hands raised, as he was prodded along by two men in dirty red uniforms, pointing swords at his back.
Chapter 13
Acquaintance
“Both of you! Stand where you are and face forward!”
Nevin and Corissa froze.
One of the men, a bedraggled soldier named Fent, nervously looked around. “Let’s see what we have here. Keep your sword on their friend here, Pell, and I will take a closer look.”
Fent poked in straw piles with his sword and gave the place a once-over until he was satisfied nothing was hidden. Despite his young age, which Nevin estimated as twenty, Fent had the appearance of a grizzled veteran of army life. He had two prominent scars on his face and walked with a limp from a stiffened leg.
Pell, the other Guardsman, was younger, perhaps no more than seventeen. Nevin saw copious signs of nervousness from that young man, and his sword was far too heavy for him, requiring two hands to keep it aimed at Anson.
Satisfied that no one else was about, Fent ordered everyone to walk slowly outside. Once outside the stable, he demanded to know their identity and reason for being on the road.
“I have travelled a long distance to find this man,” Corissa said, pointing to Anson. “He is a healer and my mother is gravely ill in Taunton.”
“There are healers in Taunton. Why would you make such a long journey for this simple looking man?”
“He has a high knowledge of herb lore which is unknown to the healers in Taunton. He uses herbs and plants which only grow near the Grayflood River.”
“What of this other man, the beastly-sized one? Gods, he is the biggest lout.”
“He is merely a dim-witted servant to the healer. His body grew large but his mind dulled by the blood of trolls in his lineage. He is harmless.”
“He does have the look of a dolt. You two men sit here,” Fent said sharply to Anson and Nevin, “And lean against the stable wall. Pell has orders to kill if you make the slightest move. Come with me, woman. Our Captain will want to question you.”
Corissa gave a Nevin a look that meant they should cooperate and not attempt any countermeasures. She walked off with Fent toward the house and went through the door. Inside, a cleaner uniformed officer sat at the table in the midst of eating a breakfast meal. There was no sign of the couple who lived in the house. Fent explained the situation to his captain, who slowly set his spoon on the table as he stared at Corissa.
“Leave the woman with me, Fent. Get quickly back to Pell and keep her companions under close watch. That boy would be easily overmatched.”
“But, Sir—”
“You have my orders, soldier!” the Captain interrupted. “Besides, I have nothing to fear from this woman. We are acquainted.”
The soldier left abruptly, closing the door behind him. The Captain set his elbows on the table and clasped his hands, nervously rubbing one hand over the other. He wiped his mouth with a sleeve and calmly pushed his plate away.
“Sit down, Corissa. It has been a long time since we have seen each other and you have only grown more comely.”
“I expect you have changed little as well, Torrance.”
“What is this foolish story about you seeking a healer for your mother? Have you found someone who can raise her from the dead? You must certainly know that she died. And, if I may be permitted to say, she died disappointed in you, as were many of us, to learn you married an Antrim officer.”
Torrance stood and slowly walked around the table. Corissa took a step backward.
“You needn’t fear me, Corissa. You never thought me worth a smile from your pretty face before, but I do not hold grudges. I am still willing to be your friend, even if you are here on Antrim business. Come and tell me all about this mysterious affair of yours.” His voice was like greased silk.
Corissa backed away again, but the officer moved quickly and grabbed her arm to pull her close. Putting his other arm around her neck to force a kiss, he said, “I can use pain to make you talk, or easier yet I could have my men think of ways to get the truth out of you. Better you should submit to me, dear Corissa. At least I would show some concern for your pleasure.”
Corissa struggled and slipped his grasp, knocking over a chair. Back at the stable, the sound caused Nevin to start. Since Fent had returned, he dared not make a move.
Back in the house, Torrance circled toward Corissa backing her against a wall. “Come, my dear,” he said rakishly, kicking the fallen chair out of his way. “Do not refuse me now. Come and see what you have missed by spurning Gilsum men.”
She edged away until she was trapped in a corner. Torrance slowly measured his steps until he hovered over her. He smiled salaciously but she was determined to resist. She would not let herself fall to this indignity without a fight. He lunged again and caught her by the wrist. She wheeled around and kicked him, missing his groin but hitting his knee. He fell back with a shout of pain and slammed against the table, knocking dishes to floor. Bent over rubbing his knee, he sneered at her.
“So! I will play your game. If you will not have me, then I will watch as my men have their turns at you. That young pup, Pell, has never had a woman and he would be glad for an opportunity to raise his status among his comrades.”
Torrance straightened up and arranged his disheveled uniform with a mock air of dignity. He sidled away from her, as if he was the one refusing her. He stopped with his back against the wall, next to a window facing directly opposite her. “Before I set them on you like the dogs they are, my dear lady, I will have them kill your two friends as part of the price you pay for your refusal.”
He sneered again and gave a smug, sinister laugh as he prepared to call his troops. Before he could raise his voice, his body stiffened. His hands splayed and shuddered. With widening eyes and a guttural groan, he looked down at his chest and saw the point of Orris’ swordwood blade protruding from his uniform. Zael had said that this elven-smithed blade could penetrate armor, so the Antrim soldier had little difficulty thrusting it through the plank wall.
Corissa watched her attacker slump and gasp his last breath, then stoically said, “Unfortunately for you, Torrance, I have three friends.”
Outside the wall, Orris withdrew his sword and the Gilsum captain fell lifeless to the floor. Corissa ran to the window and opened it so Orris could enter without being seen by the two Guardsmen out by the stable.
“Are you hurt, My Lady?”
“Thanks to you, Orris, I am fine. Now help me move this body out of sight.” After they dragged the corpse off to the side and covered it, Corissa said quietly, “I think there are only two other soldiers with him. We have to get one of them away from Nevin and Anson.”
Orris nodded his agreement. “Yes, My Lady, you go to the door and call the one named Fent. Once he is inside, I will tend to him. But please, Lady, stay outside once he enters.”
Corissa yelled to Fent from the doorway. When he poked his head out the stable door, she said his Captain wanted him. Grumbling that it was probably some menial chore, Fent stopped to ogle Corissa before entering the house. She turned away and the door slammed behind him. A faint groan followed as Orris carried out his duty.
Pell sensed something was wrong and called out from the stable, but got no answer. He called again. The third time he made the mistake of facing too long toward the house as Nevin grabbed him from behind and threw him to the ground like a rag doll, his sword flying. Nevin kneeled on the youth’s chest keeping pinned him to the ground. Orris came running up with his sword upraised, but Anson intercepted him.
“No! Leave the boy alone! There must be no more killing.”
Orris backed off. “What shall we do with him then? We cannot let him send others after us.”
Seeing the Guardsmen’s horses tied behind the house, Anson said, “We will tie him to one of the horses and set it off. By the time they are found, we will be safely gone.”
“That would be a mistake, Anson!” Orris protested. “The horse would seek others of its kind and then we would have a force after us. The safest thing for us is to kill him, which he would have done to you had I not altered their Captain’s plan.”
“No matter, Orris. We will not kill this boy, even if his mind has been poisoned by the preachment of his leaders. If we succeed in our mission, he will change back to a more natural temperance. We will not deny him the long, good life he would have if we bring an end to this foul war.”
Orris, perplexed by the restraint imposed by Anson, appealed to Corissa and Nevin but saw only their agreement. The mage put his hands on Orris’ shoulders and looked straight into his eyes.
“Orris, my friend. Our Alliance for Antrim, as you like to call us, is really an Alliance for all. We have to give the people of Gilsum and Antrim the chance to throw off the mantle of hate created by war mongers. We cannot save lives by taking them.
“Those are difficult ideas for an old soldier to abide, but you are a persuasive man,” sighed Orris as he sheathed his sword. “Perhaps I should confine my skills to matters involving four-legged enemies.” He briskly walked in the direction of the soldier’s tethered horses.
Orris selected the least robust and slowest-looking of the horses and located some rope, which they used to tie the frightened young soldier’s hands and pin him securely to the mount. Before Orris could start the horse with a hard slap on the rump, Anson whispered to the nervous mare and stroked its ears. After a snort, the horse ran off in the opposite direction of Adel’s Mountain. Within a few minutes, the four had gathered their packs and water bags and left the town of Canby behind them.
* * *
They walked as fast a pace west by northwest as they could manage. Anson had a little trouble keeping up, but they took frequent short rests to favor him. By mid-day, they stopped in a cave-like outcropping of rocks located a short distance off the road. As they sat to rest and passed a water bag around, Anson signaled for them be still. He crawled to the opening of the cave and looked out. A moment later, he waved frantically for them to get low and stay quiet. A plodding sound, first detected by Anson, but now audible to all, grew steadily louder as it reverberated in the small cave. It was unmistakably the sound of horses—which meant riders.
After a few minutes the horses passed by their hiding place. To their relief, there was no break in the sound and it grew fainter as the riders hurried on their way.
“Was it Guardsmen?” asked Corissa.
“Yes. It appears I sent the horse in the wrong direction and Pell was rescued sooner than we thought,” said Anson. “We now have a serious dilemma. They will watch the Highway and we will be easy to spy. If we wait till night and there is no wind, they will easily hear us.”
“We will have to leave the road again and make a straight run toward Adel’s Mountain,” answered Corissa.
“What does this mean?”
Corissa reflected and said, “We can assume there will be little or no water to be found. Water sources are few and scattered, which is the reason the Highway meanders to connect these points. I do not believe the soldiers would follow us very far if we went straight to the northwest; they would give us up for dead and not risk their own end.”
“That’s not very reassuring,” added Nevin. “It’s gotten awfully warm and arid around here to try to stretch the amount of water we have right now. I suppose we don’t have any better options. Besides, Hillister and Zamora said that among us we have powers to deal with our obstacles. I guess we’ll see if they’re right.”
“Who is Zamora?” asked Anson.
“I’d say she is a cousin to our friend, Hillister,” answered Nevin. He went on to tell Anson what they knew about her, particularly the strange way she acted over Anson’s condition. They remained in the cave for a few more hours, until the first signs of evening. They agreed it would be a cooler time to travel and they would have the cover of night.
Orris kept watch until it was time to depart. When that time came, they started straight in the direction of Adel’s Mountain for the walled city of Taunton. Their pace was slow this time because they all knew it was important to limit their exertion. Even though the turn of the day had moderated the temperature, the ground seemed to hold the heat and radiate it well after the sun had set. They took a short rest every hour and were able to cover a fair distance, until it got fully dark. With a limited ability to see ahead, there was frequent stumbling and a few falls. Finally, they decided to stop for the balance of the night and start again with the first light of dawn.
Sleep was welcome though fitful for all. The ground was quite stony and there was no source of bedding material, such as the forested land had offered. At sunrise, each took a sparse drink of water and ate some of the wafers provided by the elves. They marched on, making good progress until the heat of mid-day made them stop.
* * *
It was difficult to adjust their sleep patterns to such awkward intervals; furthermore, the heat of the day was becoming too stifling to rest properly. If this heat was not oppressive, Nevin asked, what must the summer be like?
Each of them became progressively more irritable. There was little conversation as each person plodded along stoically. Even Anson seemed to withdraw into his own thoughts. At early evening, they pressed on again but their progress was very slow. Nevin knew they were suffering from inadequate hydration and could not go on much longer under these conditions. He also realized that their survival was now a more immediate concern than their mission. When it came time for them to try to sleep through the dark hours of night, they settled on a high spot that had a few grassy tufts to soften their bedrolls.
Nevin tried to stay awake and formulate a plan that would increase their prospects of survival, but he found it too difficult to concentrate. He awoke just before dawn, startled by a noise coming from the area where their packs were heaped. He poked Orris and stifled the soldier’s voice by covering his mouth and motioning that he should listen. Both men quickly realized that someone was rifling their packs. When they heard the new sound of someone drinking their water, they both sprang from the bedrolls and jumped on the shadowy figure.
For a moment, the creature fought mightily, but its strength waned almost immediately and it was no match for Orris and Nevin’s combined efforts. When they had it pinned down, Orris let out with a curse.
“It’s a dwarf! Another thieving, damnable dwarf!”
The commotion woke Anson and Corissa and all four humans converged on the hapless dwarf. Anson made them step back because he could see the dwarf was not well. The stoutly built dwarf struggled to speak to Anson but a parched throat made the words cracked and difficult to understand. Anson understood the dwarf to call himself Swiggum, and it was plain to see he was near death from thirst. Anson gave him another drink. As the dwarf began to recover, he grew fearful for his life, especially with Nevin standing over him.
“Oh, me! Another giant of a man! Only more bad business can come from meeting another one,” Swiggum droned.
“What do you mean, ‘another giant man?’” demanded Corissa.
“I met another, like this one,” the dwarf said, pointing a trembling finger at Nevin. “May I have more?” he timidly asked of Anson, pointing to the water bag. Anson handed it to him.
Swiggum’s voice improved after another long drink and he talked further at Anson’s encouragement. “The man was wandering upground alone during the hot season. Dying of thirst, he was, like Swiggum is today. I saved him then, I did. Brought him to Glorhummn and he helped us, yes, when our water was turning to mud. But since then our well has nearly dried and it has been bad luck gone worse for the Dwarves of Glorhummn. With hope gone, the Moot sent me to seek him out, this man. ‘Go find Lord Stryker,’ they said. And sent me off.”
“Stryker? You have seen John Stryker?” Nevin rasped.
Chapter 14
Swiggum
“You met John Stryker! When did you see him? What was he doing here?” asked Nevin.
“Nevin, allow this poor fellow to collect himself before we press him with such questions,” said Anson. “Let us find out why his need for help is so urgent. Perhaps we may be able to help each other, but first we must show him he has nothing to fear from us.”
Anson motioned for Orris to put away his sword, which the soldier did dutifully. This was a sign to the others and the dwarf that no harm was intended. Swiggum calmed down and took another drink. This dwarf did not have the bearded face that was Nevin’s stereotyped image, but his disproportionate limbs left no doubt of his race. His skin was ashen but that was not likely due to deprivation from water, though he said he went without for nearly two days. He explained his pallor came from living in the underground village of Glorhummn. This community of dwarves seldom spends more than a few hours at a time upground during daylight, but Swiggum was something of an exception. He liked the feeling of adventure offered by wide-open land, plus he did not disdain the company of humans. His interest in observing and occasionally talking with humans apparently distinguished him from the other dwarves of Glorhumm, especially members of the Moot. For that reason, he sought help upground, knowing it was likely a suicidal mission.
No dwarf would be expected to last two days outside their cavern city, but Swiggum’s mission was desperate. The single well that supplied water to Glorhumm for generations was nearly dry. The Moot, a council made up of the ten eldest, would no longer take advice from Smeker, the Lorekeeper. Hope was dwindling because there was no other source of water and they had no means to solve this problem, despite their experience and skill in “downground” matters. As a last resort, Swiggum was asked by the Moot to go upground to seek the human who had helped them once before, or anyone else who could aid them. For the Dwarves of Glorhumm, their need for clean water had grown so dire it was now worth seeking the company of humans, or even risking the secrecy of their city’s location to find a benefactor, but few realistically expected to see Swiggum again. His chances for success were slim, but if anyone else went there was no chance at all.
When Swiggum came upon the four sleeping humans this night, he was too reckless with thirst and fear to wake them and beg for a life-sustaining drink of their precious water. He had barely sipped a few drops from the water bag before he was beset by the two humans, one a giant who bore resemblance to another tall human he had encountered a year ago upground.
“Please do not harm me! No harm!” the dwarf pleaded. “I only seek a few drops of water to keep me alive. I must find help for Glorhumm, I must! Oh dear, I fear that we spilled some of your precious water when you set upon me,” said Swiggum.
“Aye, one of the bags was ruptured and most of its contents lost,” confirmed Orris.
In the meantime, Corissa went over to Nevin’s side and whispered, “Is this Stryker the man you spoke of? The one you think is providing counsel to King Meire and gave over the secret of ‘mustard gas’?”
“Yes. That must be what happened.”
“Then we must learn what we can about him. Meire has ministers who will not hesitate to use whatever powers this Stryker has to offer, no matter how dreadful or deadly.”
Nevin pressed Swiggum to tell all he knew about the chemistry scientist from Hempstead College. About a year earlier, the dwarf had come across Stryker, wandering alone in this general area. At that encounter, the tables were turned. It was the human who was dying of thirst and hopelessly lost, seeking the city of Taunton. Swiggum did not carry much water because it was already in short supply, but he had enough to sustain both of them as they made it to Glorhumm.
“Did Stryker do any magic, Swiggum?” asked Nevin.
“Stryker, I mean Lord Stryker as he bade us call him, cast no spells or showed any such powers, save he claimed to be a man of great knowledge. In payment for my aid, he offered to help us with our water shortage, yes, yes, he did. At first, he told us he could get water by heating upula, but that was nonsense to us all and nothing came of that. Then he took a guide and walked all around the upground, he did. When he returned he gave an order to dig a new well at the most unlikely looking spot near the old one. This order was opposed by Smeker, our Lorekeeper, who held steadfast to his opinion that more water would be found by digging deeper in the old well. Smeker did hold steadfast, he did, and did not like the influence of this human on the Moot.”
Swiggum sat up, seeming to recover overall and his voice grew less raspy. “The Moot argued over this and decided to dig the new well, which just made old Smeker’s beard go straight. We did find water, though, wet it was, and we thought our problem was solved. Lord Stryker left for Taunton with our blessing. But woe to us, it was to be, the new well water was drumly and old to the taste. We had to let it long settle in jars before it was fit to drink. Now, there is little more than dirt soup left in either well. Poor Smeker says we have cursed ourselves by taking in a human and doing his bidding against our lore.”
“Why didn’t you try to dig deeper in the old well like Smeker said?” asked Nevin.
“Oh, we did, Sir, we tried,” answered Swiggum. “But it was hard stone at the bottom and pick would hardly break it. We dug twice your tall height, but it was messy going and no more sweet water was found, none found.”
Nevin thought the dwarf’s clothing was surprisingly heavy for the climate, but he passed it off as due to metabolic or other biological differences. The dwarf’s pants were made of material like canvas and his blouse was similar to muslin. Both clothing and dwarf were quite dirty, but as he recovered from his thirst, a sparkle came to his eyes and a quickness to his movements. He jumped to his feet so quickly it startled Corissa.
“Good humans, is there one among you who would stall your journey long enough to find a way to help the Dwarves of Glorhumm…” Swiggum’s face grew serious as he tried to catch the eye of each one of them. “…and our children? We must find a way to save our children. Is there not one among you, is there?”
After some hesitation, Nevin was the first to respond. “We are four, not one. Could you accept the help of four?”
“As Sir Nevin says, we will not be split. Take us all or none,” said Orris. “My Lady, can you abide this decision? There’d be no point in asking Anson; we know what he would say.”
Waiting nervously for Corissa’s response, the dwarf gave a squeal of appreciation when she nodded her head and did a little dance-like turnabout.
While Corissa chose not to speak against helping the dwarves, her manner made it clear she did not care for this delay. Nevin tried to ease her discomfort by pointing out that they also needed some source of water, and Glorhumm was possibly the only known source. This point did not seem to ease Corissa’s reluctance, but she remained silent. While the rest of the troupe prepared to depart, Nevin quietly asked Corissa if she felt bad because they were off the main road and she was unable to guide them.
“You concern yourself too much with my feelings, Sir Nevin,” she snapped. “We have a mission to carry out and do not have time for diversions, even if they are a good cause.”
“Okay, Okay. We’ll try not to take too long with this side trip. But surely you would not begrudge these dwarves a little help.” Nevin got no answer so he sidled away to take up his pack.
Corissa bit her lip over her curt reply. She had reason to be concerned about reaching Taunton as soon as possible, but she regretted sounding so much like her husband who had wastefully spent his life over obsessive commitment to duty. On top of that, she had not been feeling well the past day or so and was concerned that she might cause them to tarry.
Corissa was last in line as they followed Swiggum. The dwarf set a course to the northeast, which would take them off their bearing. She took a deep breath, resolved not to object as the distant view of Adel’s Mountain bore no closer.
* * *
It grew uncomfortably hot as the day wore on. With only one container of water for the five of them, they did their best to ration shares. They had to stop and rest every thirty minutes, but only allowed themselves a sip. They considered holing up until evening to travel under cooler conditions, but there was no shade to accommodate them. When dusk came, the troupe stopped for the night without the need for discussion. Conversation did not appeal to any of them, nor did eating as each sought his or her privacy. The travail of the day’s travel exhausted each of them as they settled for what respite they could find in sleep.
When dawn came, each felt better for the night’s rest. Anson offered each a tidbit of food, followed by a delicate sip of water.
“Only a quarter bag is left,” said Orris. “We must find water soon.”
“Swiggum, is there any source of water at all around here? Plants? Cactus, maybe? Anything?” asked Nevin.
“Regretfully not, Good Sir.”
“How much farther is it to Glorhumm?”
“Regrettably farther than I wish, do I. At the pace we travel, another day.”
The news of one more day’s travel under these conditions was disheartening, but they rose again to meet the challenge. The first hour went reasonably well, but each began to show the effects of dehydration. Their bodies grew sore and their heads stooped. Stops were needed every fifteen minutes, but they limited their small sips of water to the hour. By noon, their water was gone and they had made barely more than a mile or two. The distance between them in their line grew greater as the weaker ones straggled.
Swiggum kept the lead and eventually stopped at the base of a ridge of hills. The sun was blinding and even hotter than the day before, turning into uncommon heat for the spring of the year. The ground was very rocky and the color predominantly ochre, which intensified the blinding effect of the sunlight and made it difficult to focus their eyes. Along with their joints, their eyes started to hurt. Swiggum urged them all to stop until the last in line caught up.
“We cannot try to go up this path. The climb is steep and we do not have the strength. I know of a cave nearby where we can at least suffer less heat. Shall we go there, shall we?”
No one had strength to respond, but Nevin at last nodded for Swiggum to lead the way. The dwarf stepped off to their right, followed by Anson and Orris. Nevin assisted Corissa, who had become dizzy with difficulty steadying herself, and they followed for several minutes until they all met again at the opening of a cave. The entrance was large enough for those five foot in height or shorter, but Nevin had difficulty squeezing through.
Once inside the cave, the temperature was immediately several degrees cooler. As they walked farther back into the recess, the path sloped down and it actually became quite cool. The relief from the sweltering heat was welcomed. Nevin feared that the cave would become too dark to move about, but it retained a strange, twilight level of illumination.
Swiggum stopped in an area where the floor widened to form a room. Two small tunnels went off in different directions.
“Let us stop here, friends, and at least defeat the sun, defeat it.” said Swiggum.
All the travelers sank to the floor in exhaustion. Their bodies were racked with thirst, so much so it prevented them from sleeping. Nevin knew that rather than sleep, they were on the verge of a loss of consciousness. He was very concerned about Corissa, whose health was obviously failing, although each of them was in poor condition.
Nevin finally spoke, but only the dwarf was alert enough to seem interested. “We’re fairly deep underground. Are you sure there’s no pool or spring off in one of the tunnels?”
“Sir Nevin, if I may be that familiar, there is no pool of water about.” The dwarf picked up a rock and continued, “Your friend, Lord Stryker, seemed to think there was water in these rocks of upala. If you know how to get water from rocks, then we can be saved.” Swiggum threw the rock off into a tunnel, resulting in a series of clacking ricochets that echoed ominously.
“First of all, Stryker is not my friend,” Nevin answered. “But I meant to ask about this ‘upula’ you mentioned.” Picking up a fist-sized rock, he said, “If this rock is what you refer to, we call it opal.” Nevin thought a minute and brightened. “Maybe water from rocks is not as impossible as you might think.”
“Say what, Sir?” the Dwarf asked.
“You can get water from some rocks, I mean. Stryker is a brilliant scientist and he knows a lot about the crystalline structure of minerals. It is common knowledge that some rocks have water trapped in their molecular…er…inside them. Opal, for example, usually has water trapped among its crystals.”
“Opal is another name of upala, Large Sir. Do you mean that there is water in this rock?” questioned Swiggum, as he picked up a large lump.
“Yes, that’s exactly what I mean.”
“And you can get water from this rock?” The dwarf was upright with interest.
“Well, yes, but there would not be much in a small specimen like that. Give me a large enough piece of opal and it would contain enough water to make a difference.”
Swiggum sprang over to the other side of the chamber and examined a large stone formation cropping out from the wall. The formation rose up from the floor about two feet and formed a large table-like shelf. It was slightly sunken toward the center.
“This is a large piece of upala, or opal, if you prefer. Is it large enough, Sir?”
Nevin turned serious and went over to check out the rock formation. He examined it from all sides and sat down on it, resting his chin in his hand. After several minutes of deep thought, he turned his head askance, snapped his fingers and said, “Why not?”
Swiggum was puzzled. The idea of water existing in a rock as dry as sand made no sense whatever. By this time, Anson had come over to see what was going on. He and Nevin talked in private for some time. Anson shook his head several times in disbelief, but finally relented at Nevin’s urging. Nevin called them all together around the opaline shelf.
“Anson and I are going to try something that may seem crazy to you. Actually, it seems a little crazy to us, too, but we are kind of short on options right now.”
“What is it, Nevin? Have you found water? Orris asked, his eyes widening as he leaned forward.
“Well, yes. In a way. This large rock formation here is a huge piece of opal. Opal is a soft rock that has water built into its crystalline structure. It’s a molecular thing. I know that sounds hard to believe, but that’s what Stryker was referring to when he told the dwarves he could get water from it. Under certain conditions, it is possible. Or it should be, I think.
Orris lowered his head. Words were not needed to express his disappointment.
“I know it sounds crazy, but just listen,” Nevin insisted. “What we have to do is apply enough heat to this opaline formation to stir up the water molecules so they will seek to escape as steam. It is cold enough in here that the steam will condense on the ceiling and drops of water should drip down. If that happens, and it should, we can use a piece of cloth to soak up the water and suck on it. You’ll have to act quickly because I cannot calculate how much water we might actually get.”
“Nevin,” said Anson. “Won’t it get too hot to remain in here?
“Not if we can keep the heat contained. Most of the heat could be trapped and absorbed in the rock and the rest will dissipate when the steam condenses on the ceiling. We will have to be careful if there is a small vent that concentrates steam.”
“How do you propose to heat this rock, Nevin?” asked Corissa, her interest also rising at Nevin’s insistence on the feasibility of this plan.
“That’s the hard part. Anson and I are going to try a heat spell.”
Swiggum jumped up. “Oh! Mages you are! I should have known, I should! Oh, it is mages, mages, mages,” he exclaimed as he pranced a few steps.
“Not ordinary mages, my friend,” said Orris, now smiling. “There is high magery afoot here, I think. If anyone can get water from a rock, it is these two.”
Nevin and Anson conferred for some time longer while the others waited impatiently, especially the dwarf. Anson was resistant to Nevin’s idea about altering a heat spell to keep it contained in very precise coordinates within the rock formation. Anson’s training required him to follow spells without variation and the idea of altering or creating a new spell was still difficult for him to accept. He was finally persuaded to teach Nevin the words to the heat spell and alter them as requested.
When they were ready to begin, Anson concentrated and held his hand to his forehead. With a sharp nod, he began canting the words and phrases. He repeated the sequence a second and third time, but nothing seemed to happen, except that he grew weak from the effort and had to stop to regain his strength.
Before trying again, Anson said, “You must do this with me, Nevin. I need the force of your mind. Together we might succeed, separately we will not. You have memorized the words?”
Nevin nodded.
Anson refocused his concentration and repeated the spellwords, this time with Nevin joining in. They completed a second iteration when they both felt a slight shudder at their feet. Not letting this interrupt them, they canted a third repetition. This time the shudder was strong enough for the others to notice. A fourth repetition was completed and the rock formation clearly vibrated. Wisps of steam began to rise over the flat part of the rock. Soon, more vapor appeared. As Anson and Nevin went through a sixth and seventh iteration in perfect syncopation, the steam started to spew from the rock and tumble upward in clouds where it began to condense on the cool cave ceiling. Hundreds then thousands of droplets of water soon fell from the ceiling and started to collect on the stone top.
The spellcasters broke their concentration and stared at their handiwork, then at themselves before breaking into a shout and embrace. Water began to pool up on the stone as Orris and Swiggum gingerly dipped a cloth on the small puddles and sucked the warm but life-giving moisture. Soon there was enough water pooling up that they could wring a stream of water from their cloths.
“High magery afoot, indeed,” said a grinning Swiggum. “Water from a rock, oh my. I wonder what our Lorekeeper will think of this.”
Corissa staggered over to Nevin and looked up at him with as thankful a smile as she could manage. Anson stood by, weakened but gladdened by this success. Nevin reached out to his mage friend, pulled him into an embrace with Corissa and the three of them hugged amid the laughter and playful shouts of Orris and Swiggum.
Chapter 15
Glorhumm
After slaking their thirst, they realized they finally became very hungry. Anson laid out the balance of their food: a bag of nuts, some wilted beans and tubers, and the crumbly residue of a few wafers. Within a few minutes, all the food was gone after each had gotten a share.
Swiggum’s eyes were still round with excitement at the incredible feat of spellcasting by Anson and Nevin. He bounced and danced about the cave, delighting himself with descriptions of the “high magic.” To the amusement of the four humans, Swiggum seemed to be rehearsing his account of the event for his people at Glorhumm.
“The dwarf is twice happy,” said Orris. “First for having water to drink, but second because he now believes we can help his people.”
“Let’s take first things first,” cautioned Nevin. “Swiggum, how long will it take us to reach your village?”
“Now that we can keep up a good pace, we could be there by dusk, we could, if we leave before dawn.”
Less than a day’s travel from the village was good news. They were out of food, but they had ample water with the good water bag full and the ruptured bag about half capacity. Spirits rose high as they huddled in a circle and bantered. One by one, each dropped off to sleep, Swiggum being the last. In the quiet and safety of the cave, it was a restful night for all.
* * *
Anson woke before any of his companions. As the sleep cleared from his eyes, he saw a woman sitting cross-legged opposite.
“Who…? Are you Zamora?”
“Yes, Anson. I am Zamora.”
“I was hoping to meet you. Is Hillister about? Should I wake my comrades?”
“Hillister is engaged in other matters. I am here alone. I came to enjoy the sight of you in good health. We felt your pain and it distressed us that we could not intercede when you were mistreated. As for your comrades, they should not wake until I leave.”
“Zamora, I have many questions to ask you.”
“Now is not the time. I am only here to share two concerns with you. First, you must get to Taunton as soon as possible. Hillister thinks the human you know as Stryker is up to foul business of a sort we do not understand, yet we have seen enough to fear this man’s intentions. Should you choose to aid the dwarves, for their need is every bit as dire as Swiggum has said, then do not tarry long at Glorhumm.”
“And the second concern?”
“You and Nevin altered a spell. Together, you seem to have the capability of creating spells as none have done before you. We are unsure whether it is wise to do this, but we have decided not to take any action to stop you. You will need your powers to remove the blight of war from this land. It may be necessary for you to expand the conventions of magery to carry out your destiny, so we must take care not to hinder you. Still, it is a serious matter to alter spells.”
“Can you tell me more about you and the others you refer to? Are you all high mages?”
Zamora smiled, as if it would have pleased her to answer his questions, but she hesitated. “If you and your party hold true to your cause, there will be much time for us to question each other. Now is not yet that time, my dear Anson,” she said, rising. “I must leave you. Please close your eyes so that I may depart.”
Anson closed his eyes to the slightest sounds of footfalls, but did not open them as Zamora requested. After a moment, she was gone. He reflected about all the things she had to say, but he was confused about what it meant for him. Until he better understood, he thought it best not to tell the others about Zamora’s visit. She convinced him, however, that time grew more urgent and he and the others should be on their way.
After rousting his companions, they were soon out of the cave and following Swiggum. To Corissa’s relief, their path turned back toward the northeast and the vista of Adel’s Mountain seemed to inch closer as they made the final few miles to the underground village of Glorhumm.
* * *
Since their bodies were rehydrated and well rested, the band made good time. It was early evening when Swiggum pointed cheerfully to the next ridge of hills, which were quite a bit lower than others they had encountered. “The entrance to Glorhumm lies at the bottom of a glen in those hills. It will be a big to do for ol’ Swiggum to return alive. And with the likes of mages, too. Mages, mages, hoo! We must enter with a look of pride and dignity, friends, because this tale will be long told by Lorekeepers to come, it will. The name of Swiggum will live on, live on and on! Ol’ Swiggum’s made his place.”
It was a difficult climb down once the scrubby glen was spotted because the path was narrow at best and often nonexistent. If the destination were not familiar beforehand, no one would likely find the point of entrance to Glorhumm. When they finally came to a crevice identified as the entrance, only Swiggum was small enough to squeeze through upright. He suggested that the rest of them would probably enter more easily if they crawled, but it would only be a short distance until they could stand again.
“Once inside, there is much room,” said Swiggum. “Tall as he is, not even Sir Nevin will be bothered.”
First Swiggum entered, followed by Anson, Corissa, Orris and Nevin. As told, it was only a short crawl before they could stand up again. There was sufficient headroom in the narrow stone corridor so that walking was no problem for any of them.
Nevin had spent a few summers exploring caves and, at first, this one seemed pretty much like others he had seen. Their path remained dimly lit, which was remarkable because normal cave darkness was dispelled somehow without artificial lighting. He learned later that over many years the dwarves had strategically dug many small holes through the upground surface, which they disguised to any who might pass by While these holes let in small amounts of daylight, the cavern walls were extremely reflective due to a frosting of calcite. This reflective mineralization in the cavern walls resulted in a type of photo-illuminative chain reaction that would diffuse light as far as the calcite went. This same effect was used during the nighttime hours, when well-placed oil lamps provided sufficient, though very dim illumination for residents to find their way anywhere in the underground community.
Swiggum signaled for the line to stop because it was certain their echoes were already detected. A watchguard post was located around the turn ahead and the affable dwarf wanted to go on alone to reduce the risk for alarm. After he disappeared past the turn, Nevin could hear the sounds of an animated conversation in a language he could not understand. Not quite shouting, it sounded like a vigorous exchange of both greetings and mild argument. The conversation ended, soon followed by three sharp metallic peals of a large bell. Swiggum returned, literally bouncing down the path. Rubbing his hands in anticipation and his face lit with excitement, he told them they could enter and the bell signaled for a peaceful assembly in the town square.
Swiggum’s behavior reminded Nevin of a schoolteacher preparing his students before performing the class play. The dwarf orchestrated their entrance. “All right, all. Stand tall! Look proud! This will be a great moment in our history and we should act the part of its importance, we should. Follow me!”
Swiggum turned and led the line of travelers on. Nevin caught Orris’s eye and they broke out in a laugh at the swagger shown by the dwarf. It was a proud moment for their new friend and it was obvious he intended to play his part with gusto.
Once around the corner, they came to the guard post. Another dwarf, much younger looking than Swiggum, stood by a large bell. Without breaking stride, Swiggum looked back to inform the others, “This is Aune. Pay no mind to him. He has little more sense than the rock he sits on. Save your charm and greetings for the Moot.”
When Aune saw the entourage following Swiggum, his mouth fell open. When his gaze came to Nevin, the bell hammer dropped from his hand. Nevin said a friendly “hello” as they passed, but the young dwarf could only stare in speechless astonishment. When he collected himself after the line passed, Aune picked up his hammer and proceeded to bang out another series of peals on the bell even louder than the first.
The path started with a gentle downward slope that became increasingly steeper. Nevin calculated they were about one hundred feet underground when they came to a final turn. Swiggum stopped just before the turn, adjusted his posture and took a deep breath. When he started again, he thrust his chin forward and swung his arms with a swagger even more exaggerated than before.
Nevin smiled at Swiggum’s antics, but once around the turn, he, himself, was astonished by the unexpected sight. Each of the humans stopped in their tracks as a mammoth cavern unfolded before them, containing an entire city of small pastel colored houses made of impeccably masoned stone. There were rows of houses on three sides of the cavern, with four terraced levels above the main street.
Nevin exclaimed, “There must be more than a hundred homes in here!”
“I have never seen such a sight,” declared Orris.
The enormous cavern was generally round, like a hollow sphere. The white calcite frosting the walls reflected a pale light, but the effect was quite startling to Nevin. It looked like the inside of a colossal geode.
Swiggum marched on, swinging his arms to and fro, as the path steeply dropped along the main pathway to the city center. The homes were small by human standards, but neatly placed very close together occupying all available space. The houses were all stone constructed, basically square with one level. Colored stone created soft pastel accents that distinguish one house from another. In place of accessories like flowerboxes or shutters to provide color and style, each of the homes was decorated with very colorful mosaic fanciwork made of many-sized stones and pebbles. On closer examination, Nevin could see that around windows and next to doors much of the mosaic decoration was artistically fashioned to actually represent flowers and shrubbery.
Following the steep descent, the path leveled and turned into the main track through the town. In the center was an open area that served as the town square. In response to the assembly call, the residents of Glorhumm had already gathered. All the dwarves, young and old, stood in silence staring at the human strangers.
As the troupe walked toward the crowd, Swiggum signaled for them stop about twenty yards away. Swiggum went forward alone to be met by an elderly looking male, his hair and beard very long and completely white. The two dwarves exchanged greetings, the elderly one giving Swiggum a solid slap on the shoulder. No one else spoke but these two. It was a moment mixed with joy and high drama at Swiggum’s unexpected return, but the silence of the crowd added a doleful element.
While the two dwarves carried on their conversation, Nevin studied the gathering. There were at least three hundred residents of all ages standing behind and to the sides of the white-bearded leader. A small number of children clung to the nearest adult. Most of the males had beards of some length; some wore skull caps. Their clothing was very simple and made of heavy material to match the cool temperature of their underground environment; without exception, the clothing of everyone in sight was quite dirty. A pungent odor became increasingly apparent, indicating their bodies were as unwashed as their clothing.
The most striking feature to Nevin about the assemblage of dwarves was the woeful look on their faces. The sight of four humans in the town had to be extraordinary for them, and with one over six feet in height it was doubly so. Mixed with the excitement from these visitors had to be a fear of the unknown: were these upgrounders dangerous or well-meaning? Muting these emotions was a preponderant look of desperation—a look of dire, wide-eyed need such as one might see in pictures of starving children. Nevin remembered it was just such a need that had brought their alliance about in the first place. Now he was glad he had come to Glorhumm, for the need was plainly great. He would use whatever knowledge or scientific reasoning he could muster to help the Dwarves of Glorhumm.
Swiggum finally turned to the four humans and waved for them to come forward. As they did, the eyes of those assembled moved as one. Swiggum called out their names one at a time, in both Dwarvish and common speech. Nevin was the last to be introduced; Swiggum stood next to him and grasped hands to show they were fast friends. Then with a dramatic flair that drew all eyes to him, Swiggum pointed to Nevin and Anson and made a loud, but very brief, pronouncement that caused the entire crowd to stir. For the first time, low talk broke out among the townspeople. They went silent, however, when the white-haired elder raised his hand and spoke.
“I am Bekar, elected leader of the Moot of Elders. Swiggum says that two of you are mages—high mages—who have come to help us. If you are skilled so and are well-meaning, we have a great need. But I doubt you are what Swiggum says. I have shared company with the Council of High Mages and none of you were present. Explain this deception.”
Anson stepped forward to respond. “The explanation is simple, Bekar. I am a mage from Antrim though I make no claim to have high skills in magery. This is Sir Nevin the Reasoner, whom you have not seen because he has travelled here from a far land, a place with wondrous inventions and machines, and a race of tall humans. Sir Nevin does not claim to be a mage at all, but he is a sage, one with vast knowledge and insight unlike any I have met.”
“We have met such a man,” interrupted Bekar. “He made the same claims for himself.”
“You refer to John Stryker,” said Nevin, stepping forward. “We have reasons to believe that his motives are not honest and his mission here is sinister. I have come with my friends to confront Stryker and expose his intentions. We are no threat to you. We would like to use whatever knowledge or skills we have to help you.”
Everyone present heard Nevin, but it was impossible to know how many of the dwarves could understand his speech. The sincerity and forthrightness of his tone came across, followed by a look of hopefulness in many of their faces. This effect did not escape Bekar’s notice.
“Well met, Sir Nevin,” said Bekar, whose eyes showed a faint change at Nevin’s words. “If you speak truthfully, you have said the words we welcome, we do. We welcome all of you to Glorhumm. Our need is great and your own mission appears urgent, says Swiggum, so we have little time to act. I order a meeting of the Moot to take place here in the city center. Prepare for the meeting!”
Swiggum explained that there would soon be chairs brought for them and the ten elders who made up the Moot. He would not be allowed to sit with them, so he bid each of them a friendly good-bye and bounced off to a waiting crowd. His time had come to regale his people of his adventures and tell the tale of how he helped the mages produce water from stone.
In a very short time, a setting of chairs was arranged for ten dwarves and the four humans. Before they sat, Nevin was surprised by a tug on his pants. A young dwarf child looked up at him and spoke something Nevin could not understand. Bekar observed the interaction and came over. “The child, Bisi, wants to know if you can help us find water so she can drink and wash herself again.”
Nevin bent down to pick up the child and gave her a tender hug. The child’s mother looked on with apprehension as the giant stranger picked her up.
“My dear,” Nevin said. “Your Uncle Nevin and his friends are going to do everything they can so you can bathe in the freshest water you have ever seen.”
The child smiled at Nevin and responded with a single word. Nevin look to Bekar for a translation.
“She asks if ‘tomorrow’ is they day this will happen.”
Corissa took Bisi from Nevin and cradled the child herself. “Have faith in your tall ‘Uncle,’ child. He can do remarkable things.”
Corissa whispered to Nevin that she did not want to sit in on the council meeting. She wanted to stay with Bisi and get to know more of the people of Glorhumm, while he did “what was necessary” to solve the water problem. Besides, she said, she found the chill air rather uncomfortable and wished to find a place to warm up. As Corissa set the child down and walked slowly away, Nevin told her to get some rest. It was evident their travel had taken a toll on her.
Nevin turned his attention back to the meeting which was getting under way. Everyone sat on wickered backless chairs made of woody plant fibers, except that a large rock had been rolled up for Nevin. It forced a laugh when he realized they were politely holding the meeting in the street because he was too tall to fit in their buildings and their chairs would not support his weight. Graciously he took his assigned place and the meeting that was to change the future of Glorhumm commenced.
Chapter 16
Water
Bekar started the meeting by announcing their purpose was to determine how the visitors might help in restoring their well. He deferred to another member of the council, a rotund female dwarf named Milseth, who recited the history surrounding their village water supply up to their current dilemma. She used common speech with some difficulty, but Nevin got enough of the story to realize that the well, which was located some distance behind them in the center of the street, had been dug generations earlier. A few years ago, they started detecting changes in the composition of the water. It gradually grew cloudier and grittier until reaching a point where the water had to be stored in large clay settling jars before use. As the well water receded to lower and lower levels, it progressively developed an undesirable taste until they had to hold their noses to drink it.
The water shortage was at a critical stage when Stryker came upon the scene a year ago. He studied their problem and offered two solutions. After the one involving upula did not work, he told them to dig at a spot about thirty yards away, which they did eagerly. They had to dismantle a house to start the new well, which was disturbing to some as it was one of the oldest homes in the village. With a large crew digging nonstop into a hard rock layer, they did reach new water and thought their problems were solved. Unfortunately, this water supply was even grittier and more unwholesome than the main well, and, even worse, was depleted in a matter of months.
Now, each pail from the main well brings up a solution of muddy consistency that does not readily settle out. The population is limited to one drink a day per person. No one is allowed to wash clothing or person.
Bekar added that the limited ration of poor water was having very serious effects. Their population is declining, both in numbers and lost interest in labor. Once proud of their workmanship with metal and stone, the pleasant sounds of a hammer and pick are seldom heard any more because workers will not exert themselves. The rising smell of waste and poor hygiene has started some to talk of leaving the city for a life on the surface, a tragic fate for a Glorhumm dwarf.
A commotion off to the left interrupted the meeting. All heads turned toward someone noisily making his way toward the circle of chairs. It was a male dwarf, bent over with age and hobbling with the aid of a walking stick. So that he would not have to veer from his path, he whacked anyone in his way with his stick to move them aside.
“Smeker!” exclaimed Bekar. “You have not been invited to this council.”
“I am the Lorekeeper,” the old dwarf said defiantly. “I will attend any meeting I choose, even a congress of lackwits.”
Smeker took a few more steps and looked over the circle before returning his glance to the white-haired dwarf leader. “There is little reason to abide your foolish forbiddances, Bekar. You and these other dotards still plan to ignore me and heed the advice of outsiders who have never heard of Glorhumm, no doubt. It is a wonder there are any dwarves left to hear you at all, it is.”
“This dwarvish relic is Smeker, our Lorekeeper,” said Bekar with more than a hint of exasperation. “He does not approve of outsiders.”
Smeker made his way into the center of the circle and eventually tapped over to Anson and Nevin. “Another oversized human,” he spat. “That can bode no good fortune.” The Lorekeeper spoke ostensibly to himself, but loud enough for all to hear. “‘Tis not outsiders I disapprove of anyway. More ‘tis insiders who follow the accursed outsiders.”
Smeker banged his walking stick against the rock on which Nevin was sitting. The resulting sound was startlingly loud and made Nevin flinch.
“Is this tall human full-witted enough to behold the truth?”
Nevin grimaced and whispered to Anson, “Why does everyone here expect large people to be stupid?” Anson shrugged.
Bekar rebuked Smeker for the intrusion. “You are not entitled to address anyone at this meeting!”
“Please, Bekar,” said Nevin. “I would like to hear what your Lorekeeper has to say, that is, if it is all right with you and him.”
“You’ll hear what I have to say whether it is all right with that white-haired old gowk or not,” snapped Smeker. “There is no great secret at work here. There is water to be found in the same place we have always had it, save we must go deeper. Deeper, I say. These old fools will not believe this lore of their ancestors. What do the new fools believe?”
“I think you may be right,” answered Nevin. “But then, what does it matter what a fool thinks?”
Smeker raised his head in notice of Nevin’s retort, then snickered before replying. “Hmmm. ‘Twould be twice foolish not to listen to what you have to say, it would. Even a blind squirrel finds a nut now and again, he does.”
Nevin did not take offense at the surly dwarf’s reproval. He was deep in thought, mulling over a method to locate the aquifer that had to exist if there was rainfall in these highlands. Right now, he needed more information and less political sniping. “Bekar, could we take a look at the old well? I need certain information to formulate a plan,” said Nevin, then adding, “It might prove helpful to have Smeker along as well. Someone who knows the long history of the well could be helpful.”
Bekar thought a minute then sniffed his assent as he and the rest of the Moot rose from their seats.
The group reconvened at the well, including the old Lorekeeper who had limited himself to barely audible mutterings as he used his stick to keep his position next to Nevin. The well itself was about six feet square with smooth masonry walls serving as a fence to keep debris and dwarves from falling in. Nevin asked Bekar how often in the past they noticed the water level decline.
Smeker interrupted, further exasperating Bekar, by saying that it was the Lorekeeper’s duty to keep a history of such things. Without waiting for the invitation, he proceeded to explain. As long as he could remember, the water level had gradually declined but without causing concern. They had even evolved an annual rite in the winter when they replaced the pail rope with one slightly longer.
“Hmmm. I need to know exactly what Stryker did before he told you to dig a new well,” said Nevin. “If possible, I would like to trace his steps if you can remember.”
Bekar said, “He was guided both upground and down by Smeker. Since Lorekeepers are practiced in the art of long memory, he should be able to repeat the same steps.” Smeker merely frowned at the rebuke.
Nevin was unsure how to respond. He did not want to cause the old Lorekeeper embarrassment by expecting him to make a strenuous walk, but he wanted to move quickly. Before he could say anything, he received a painful rap on the shin from Smeker’s walking stick.
“I know your doubts about me, troll man,” Smeker snapped. “Let your sore leg be a reminder not to underestimate the endurance of an old dwarf. We shall not waste any more time. The troll man shall follow me, he shall.”
Nevin limped along as he followed Smeker around the huge cavern. He saw the separate tunnels where all their industry involving fires was carried out. The prevailing draft drew all the smoke away from the village, thus protecting the white coating of calcite. Along the way, Nevin saw storage grottos, workshops and nurseries, plus many interesting facets of life in this underground city, but he had to contain his curiosity to concentrate on the geological features of this fascinating place.
It was well into night when the underground tour was finished. Nevin was very tired, but Smeker showed no signs of failing under the strain of walking and Nevin’s unending questions. Smeker left Nevin at a building used by the townspeople for festive purposes. It was the only structure large enough to accommodate Nevin, Orris and Anson. Corissa had chosen to spend the night at one of the nurseries.
“I will return at the first hour of dawn and we will trace Stryker’s steps upground. Be ready,” Smeker said as he tapped away, showing no interest in exchanging even gratuitous good-nights.
Nevin rubbed his bruised leg as he entered the hall, finding Orris and Anson already asleep. His bedroll was laid out for him, but Nevin’s mind was too active to allow for sleep. He was full of thoughts and calculations about the structure of the cavern and the possible location of water to support such a large population. He finally dozed off while attempting to calculate the volume of water and length of time required to erode the limestone walls which formed the huge cavern. His trailing thought was “the aquifer has to be there…”
* * *
A loud rap at the entrance of the building startled Nevin so that his whole body twitched. Smeker was outside calling for the “troll man to make haste!” Nevin stretched before shambling toward the door. Half-awake, he banged his head on the top of the doorway.
“That is a painful way to clear the sleep from your head, even one hardened by troll ancestry,” said Smeker with thinly veiled amusement.
Nevin followed the Lorekeeper as they left the cavern out the opposite side of the mountain from where they entered yesterday. After an hour, Smeker said they had covered exactly the same paths taken by Stryker a year earlier. Nevin stopped at a precipice where he could further survey the surrounding geological formations all the way to Adel’s Mountain looming in the distance.
Noticing that Smeker was having difficulty enduring the trek, he insisted that the dwarf stay put. Smeker hissed a complaint but willingly sat down in some shade created by a large overhanging rock. Nevin made sure the old Lorekeeper was all right then scurried down the side of the small mountain. He spent another hour walking around the mountain’s base, taking time to survey and visualize the travel of water he knew must be present somewhere. Finally, he climbed back up to the spot where he had left Smeker and they returned to the cavern.
When they reached the central square of the main street, the elders of the Moot had grouped together awaiting Nevin’s return. Orris and Anson were seated and Corissa stood to the side holding Bisi. Gathered around in lethargic inactivity was the entire population of Glorhumm.
Bekar stood when Nevin reached them, but it was Anson who spoke, “What have you discovered, Sir Nevin. We are all anxious to hear.”
“I understand what Stryker figured out. He knew there had to be more water around here because this is a limestone cavern that sits halfway between the higher mountains to the northwest and the river valley we crossed to get here. These people have not been getting their water from a true aquifer. When a river originally formed this cavern, some of the water percolated into a large cistern. The Glorhumm well was dug into this cistern and eventually the water got used up. The grittiness and cloudiness of the water is due to calcite suspended in the water. That’s the same white stuff that coats these walls. The solution became contaminated with sediment as the water level got lower.
“What of Stryker finding the second well?”
“I figured that out last night. From the location of those tunnels over there,” Nevin pointed, “Where they do all their burning, you can see by the formation of the cavern that there could be some small cisterns near the first. In effect, they are smaller bubbles that held the same water for many years without flowage. That explains why the second well was even more highly concentrated with calcite.”
“What can be done for these folk now? Is there water to be had?” asked Orris.
Orris’ question was the one everyone had in mind. All eyes were on Nevin as the people inched closer, showing some life at the knowledge this man expressed so convincingly. No one made a sound until the Lorekeeper stepped forward and spoke.
“Is there water, man? Is there water enough to save the Dwarves of Glorhumm?” The sincerity in his eyes belied Smeker’s gruff manner.
“Yes, Lorekeeper. I think there is water enough. It lies exactly where you said it was. It lies beneath the limestone caprock at the bottom of the cistern where your well is now. It has to do with gravity. Under the hard caprock there should be a more porous, softer rock layer that contains an abundant aquifer.”
“But Nevin, they have already dug a long way into this well with no success,” said Orris.
“Let’s check that out right now.” Nevin had Orris accompany him over to the main well where they dropped the pail until it hit the hard caprock bottom. Orris slowly pulled up the rope and Nevin measured it according to his own height. Then they carried out the same measurement of the newly dug shaft that Stryker had identified. Nevin compared the two distances and broke out in a broad smile.
“In the main well you have dug sixteen feet from limestone into caprock. My guess is it rates a seven on the Moh’s scale.” Seeing questioning glances all around, Nevin went on, “The Moh’s scale classifies minerals by hardness. Your fingernail is a two, glass is about six, and quartz is a seven—”
Smeker interrupted, “We know well about the hardness of stones, like your friend Moh. What is it you know about our well?”
“OK, what I am getting at is, if my estimates and calculations are close, it should be less than four feet before hitting an aquifer in more porous rock.”
“But Sir Nevin, even if what you say is true,” said Bekar excitedly. “It would take a week to dig a dwarf’s height if our workers were in normal condition. Now we have no one strong enough for such hard work.”
“Yes, I see that, Bekar. When first dug, your well was soft limestone. As you went deeper over many years you reached caprock that probably has a lot of quartz in it. You went from a hardness of three to seven at least, but it a marvelous feat to dig as far as you did. Perhaps Anson and I can find a way to finish the job.”
“Will you resort to magery?” Bekar asked.
“It looks like we may have to. What do you say, Anson. Any ideas?”
Anson and Nevin stood over the well and discussed how they might break through the last few feet. Anson knew of no spell for this or a similar purpose.
“We don’t have any kind of drill. Is there any way we could propel a ram or something similar at high speed,” asked Nevin. “All we really have to do is crack it.”
“The only spell I can think of that will move an object is levitation, but that spell moves an object upwards,” answered Anson.
“Couldn’t we reverse it, like we did other spells?”
“I suppose we could try, but it would not have much force to slam against the rock.”
Nevin saw the lack of force as the problem to overcome. If they could get a ram flying fast enough, they might crack the caprock. Anson was doubtful because any ram they could contrive would shatter, but Nevin reassured them it was force not hardness that mattered. Nevin explained that gravity would help their cause and tried to explain how a tornado could force a piece of straw through a telephone pole. Bekar sheepishly asked if “Gravity” was another of their friends still lost upground. Nevin sighed.
“What about Orris’ sword,” suggested Anson. “It is made of swordwood which is quite hard and it has a keen edge.”
Orris overheard the suggestion and clutched his sword protectively. “Why not ask the old Lorekeeper where he got his walking stick. It is made of the same swordwood and grows in this region. Maybe he can find you a more suitable limb that has not been fashioned into a fine weapon.”
Smeker, as expected, was hanging nearby keeping an eye on things. Nevin called to him, “Is your walking stick made of swordwood, Smeker?”
“Yes, the hardest grade that can be found. Very hard.”
Since the Lorekeeper’s status was improving by the minute, his tone had become almost friendly. Nevin still maintained a safe distance from the reach of the walking stick. “Do you know where we can get another piece about as big around as my arm or leg? I want to make a ram.”
“Yes, we hoard swordwood whenever someone finds its tree downed by landslide or such. How long should it be?”
“About as long my height, maybe a little longer,” said Nevin, his own excitement rising at the opportunity to test his hypothesis.
“I believe I can find such a piece stored somewhere. Does it need any shaping?”
“Yes! That would be important. Can you have a point made on one end with a covering of metal over it? The hardest metal possible.”
“Of course, Tall One. I take it you mean something judged harder than a seven by your friend, Moh.”
Nevin chuckled. “That’s basically right. Not iron, though. That’s only a four. I’ve seen some hard metal implements around here, like your picks.”
“Yes, you are heedful, Sir,” Smeker answered with a sly grin. “What you request shall be made for you, it shall.”
* * *
While Smeker went off to get the swordwood ram prepared, Nevin arranged with Bekar to have someone lowered into the well to remove as much of the muck at the bottom as possible. This was necessary to allow the ram to strike directly on the caprock without a cushion of soft sediment. Next, Nevin and Anson reviewed the levitation spell and calculated how to reverse it. Word of the request for a ram spread and the resident dwarves gathered around as a sense of excitement roused them from their lethargy. When Smeker returned with two dwarves carrying a seven-foot piece of timber, cheering erupted.
Nevin whispered to Anson, “I hope you can perform in front of a crowd.”
The swordwood ram was placed on the cavern floor. Nevin examined it and the metal cap riveted over the pointed end. When he pronounced it fit for duty, another cheer rose and the metal smith who contrived the cap was given a round of friendly backslaps.
Anson, meanwhile, tried to concentrate and prepare for the spell, but it was difficult for him. He remembered what Zamora had said about modifying spells and he was unsure whether to go ahead with it.
Nevin raised his hands, signaling for the buzzing crowd to be quiet.
Anson swallowed hard and tried again to focus his mind. Finally, he felt ready. After a moment’s wait, he quickly spoke the spellwords to levitate the ram. The ram obediently rose and remained suspended at shoulder height, where Anson had leveled his hands. The crowd gasped. Anson pushed the levitated ram over to the well, then spoke additional words. Steeling himself, he gave a gradual upward movement with his hand and the ram slowly turned to a vertical position, pointed end down. Once again, Anson pushed the suspended ram until it was centered over the well. He took another deep breath as he concentrated to increase his power. He canted the spellwords again, this time with one of the elements changed to reverse the levitation effect. With a sudden downward wave of his arm, the ram flew down the well and punched into the bottom with a resounding blow that echoed throughout the cavern. Anson raised his hand and the ram quickly returned to the surface. After repeating the same action two more times, Anson turned to Nevin.
“Nevin, I cannot get enough force. You must help me. You must add your power.”
“All right. Let’s try it together.”
Nevin and Anson stood side by side. They said the spell together and Anson once again waved his arm in a sharp downward motion. The ram flew with greater force and when it struck the bottom. Anson called the ram back to the surface and was ready to send it down again when Nevin shouted.
“Wait! I forgot something! Anson, hold the ram in place. Bekar, your people have to dig a narrow trench around the well. We need to run a canal over to the second well.”
“What is wrong, Sir Nevin?” asked the dwarf leader, showing a mixture of apprehension and exhilaration.
“Nothing is wrong, Bekar. I just realized that the water under the caprock is bound to be under pressure. It has to do with the long downhill flow out of the far mountains and energy potential—but we don’t have time for an explanation! It’s just that once we break through, the water is likely to spout up with a lot of force and we could have a flood. Hurry up and get that trench dug! I’ll show you where.” Nevin then grabbed the ram and he and Anson wrested it to the floor.
Anson dusted off his hands and gave his tall friend a grin, slyly asking, “Since we are merely digging a hole, would this be considered ‘high’ or ‘low’ magery’?”
Nevin returned the smile. “Technically speaking, perhaps it is not magery at all.”
* * *
Meire, the King of Gilsum, walked along a line of troops standing at attention in the castle courtyard. At his side was a sharply dressed red uniformed officer, listening attentively. Behind them walked a taller, barrel-chested man clad in a dark green cloak.
The King spoke earnestly to the officer. “Captain Lovas, I want nothing to go wrong with this exercise. Be certain all the people are removed from the village. I only wish to make a demonstration, not lose any more lives. It would not sit well for a king to kill his own subjects, even that rebellious hoard in Stedt. And take care for the safety of your men as well. We can afford no casualties. Do you understand?”
“Yes, your highness,” the soldier replied firmly. The king nodded and walked away toward the castle’s main entrance.
“Listen, Lovas,” said the barrel-chested man who stepped forward. “Are you sure you understand all the instructions?”
The captain looked over his men, avoiding eye contact with his questioner. After giving a quick nod of assent, he asked, “May I have leave to depart now? It is nearly seven leagues to Stedt and we must leave now to make it by dusk. As you know, we cannot travel such a meager road at night. Especially with wagons.”
“Yes, yes. By all means, Lovas. Get started. But remember, once that copper spring is bathed with the nitric acid, you cannot halt the process. You have twenty-four hours to make your retreat after triggering the mechanism, give or take an hour. Be sure you have evacuated the residents where I showed you, and you and your men must be at least five miles away.”
“Five miles, Sir?
“Yes, five mi—, uh, make it at least three leagues.
* * *
Nevin supervised the digging as dozens of townspeople responded to the call from Bekar. The dwarves worked industriously with pick and shovel to crack and break up the cavern floor. Within a short time, a narrow moat was dug and a channel cut to divert excess water to Stryker’s second well.
When Nevin was satisfied with these preparations, he returned to Anson’s side. “Okay, my friend. Let’s show them what a little magic and science can do.”
“Nevin, you must recast the spell with me. I cannot do it alone.”
“All right. Let’s do it!”
Together they recanted the reverse levitation spell as they had improvised it. With a wave, Anson sent the ram flying down the well into the caprock. The vibration from the blow made their knees tremble, and some of the children grew scared and started to cry. The mage repeated the action a second and third time, but with the last blow, the ram did not return. It grew deathly quiet in the huge cavern except for the whimpers of a few children. Nevin and Anson looked at each other, puzzled by the failure of the ram to return to the surface with Anson’s command.
Before anyone spoke a word, Nevin felt a shudder reverberate in the floor. He frantically waved his hand to get everyone’s attention, then yelled, “It’s gonna blow!”
A few seconds later, there was a tremendous boom and cracking sound as the ram flew like a missile up the well shaft and impaled itself in the cavern ceiling. Following the ram was a spout of water that hit the ceiling and showered down over the people. For a moment, nobody realized what had happened. Then, almost simultaneously, everyone knew they had struck through the caprock and reached the aquifer below. The assemblage of dwarves shouted and frolicked with joy as they felt the lifegiving drops of water fall on them like upground rain. Smeker, Bekar, Swiggum and Milseth held hands as they danced around in a circle.
Orris gave Nevin a congratulatory pat but seemed a little perplexed.
“What’s the matter, Orris?” Nevin asked.
“I was just thinking. Do you think this is the first time these folks have experienced rain?”
Nevin laughed heartily. “That’s a bold scientific question, my friend.”
In a short time, the moat began to fill and people splashed each other in delight. Nevin and Anson laughed at the sight and slapped each other on the back, dwarf-style.
Orris and Corissa joined the celebration, but after a few minutes Corissa huddled them together. “We must make ready to leave in the morning,” she shouted over the din. “We cannot delay any longer. I will arrange for food and water. We should be up at first light.”
Nevin would have liked to enjoy the celebration a little longer, but he did not speak against Corissa’s urgency to return to their original purpose. He and Anson went to the hall to prepare their packs and make ready for the final leg of their journey.
Chapter 17
The Device
While the rest of the Alliance started down the dwarves’ mountain, Nevin waited at the upground entrance to the Glorhumm cavern. Bekar, Swiggum and Smeker were there to bid a short and sincere goodbye. The three dwarves did not try to convince Nevin and the others to stay, knowing their feelings of urgency for their mysterious mission. Anyway, no dwarf, with the possible exception of Swiggum, wanted to mix with human politics. These humans would always be welcome if they ever needed a place of respite or sanctuary.
Swiggum, holding his skull cap with both hands at his chest, said, “Sir Nevin, your mission is a bold one, it is; fraught with danger, I fear. Though Stryker gave the pretense of helping us, I doubted his motives. Take care should you meet. He seems a dangerous man, he does.”
“Aye,” Smeker concurred. “He struck me as a man up to no good. Bodes evil intentions, that one. I hope to never see his dark face again.” The old Lorekeeper hobbled over and used his stick to give the tall man a rap on the leg, though not as sharp as previously. “Now whenever your leg hurts, boy, perhaps you’ll remember the Dwarves of Glorhumm.”
Nevin winced but managed a smile, too, at what he assumed was a friendly gesture. “We’ll be careful. So long and thanks for the provisions,” Nevin gave them a friendly wave and turned away. As he started to leave, Bekar caught his arm. “Sir Nevin,” the dwarf leader said seriously. “About your lady, Corissa. She is not well.”
“What do you mean?”
“She is both warm at the brow and achy in the joints, she is. I told her she was welcome to stay for the rest she needs, and the children did not want her to go, but she would not hear of it. I gave her some medicine to ease her ills, but it is a bitter herb. You must see that she takes it morning and night or she will not last the journey to Taunton.”
“Thank you, Bekar. I’ll see to it,” Nevin replied, already aware that Corissa was not herself for the last few days.
Nevin scurried down the mountain trail to catch up with the others, torn between the conflicting concerns of Corissa’s health and the imminence of their arrival in Taunton. When he reached them, Corissa was last in line. He caught her arm to stop her, his look of concern evoking a mild protest.
“I know you are worried about me, Nevin, but I will be all right. I have a bit of the grippe is all,” she huffed.
“A bit of the grippe is it? Look, Corissa, we have a tough trek ahead of us and we need you. You have to take it easy—” Nevin started to admonish her.
“You are like a mother bird, Nevin! I said I will be all right.”
“Well, excuse me for caring. What would you expect, anyway? I’m just the dimwitted troll half-breed who doesn’t know any better. At least let me carry your stuff,” he crabbed.
That brought a weak smile to Corissa’s face, who handed over her parcels lest he should insist on carrying her next. “And if it will make you feel better, half-breed—tonight you can rub the soreness from my feet as well.”
* * *
Captain Lovas ordered his men to assemble in Stedt’s village center. After taking a count to assure all his troops were present, he barked to his second in command. “Windt! Take your squad and follow these villagers to see they remain secluded in the designated place. Our orders are to be sure all of them stay on the far side of the next mountain. Take your wagon and dole out the King’s wine and staples in a timely fashion so they will have incentive to remain with you. Let none of them out of your sight before noon tomorrow.
Windt saluted and quickly joined his squad of four soldiers. One of them mounted a wagon, its box half laden with bundles and large clay jars sealed with wax. A stout draft horse responded immediately to the slap of the reins and the wagon creaked as it moved off. After a few minutes, they were out of sight headed down a narrow, rocky ledge of a road that connected the village of Stedt with the adjacent mountain.
Captain Lovas turned to his final task in this remote highland village. This isolation was well suited to the independent thinking of the locals, as they were known for their rebellious ways. When they refused to send any more men or goods for the war effort, King Meire had little choice but to make an example of them. Whatever demonstration the King had arranged for these townspeople was their own doing. Lovas went over to one of the remaining wagons and started removing the tarpaulin that covered the Device.
Lovas knew very little about the contraption they kept under cover. However, he did know it was too heavy to lift off the wagon, being made primarily of lead. This meant he would have to leave a perfectly good wagon behind, which he considered terribly wasteful. He even went to the trouble of reinforcing it to stand the heavy load. When he had the tarpaulin completely removed, his remaining men gathered around to stare at the metal apparatus. Shaped like a large milk can, the Device was about three times as tall as it was in diameter. A lid was permanently bolted on the top, securing its mysterious contents from view. Fastened to the lid was a spring-loaded metal arm with a glass jar covering the spring mechanism.
Another thing Lovas knew about the Device was how to set the spring-loaded arm and now was the time for this action. After climbing into the wagon box, he wistfully examined the springwork fastened on top. His task was to pull the arm back as far the spring would allow and set it. When the hammer tripped, it would strike a round button fixed at the center of the lid. With the strike, something was expected to happen but he had not been told what it was. There was not even a substantial rumor about the purpose of this Device. Such details did not concern him, except the one about twenty-four hours to get two leagues hence.
Bothered by the element of uncertainty, Lovas took a deep breath to gather himself. Finally ready, he put one hand on the lid of the metal container for balance and with the other grasped the metal arm. He forced the arm back against the pressure of the heavy spring and reached for the securing pin. As he reached, the metal arm slipped from his grasp and shot forward. With a dull thud, it struck his hand and not the button in the center of the lid. Nothing happened, except for the simultaneous gasps of his men and the Captain’s bellow from his painful hand.
Lovas shook the pain from his hand, took hold of the metal arm again and pulled it back, this time securing it successfully. Next, he asked one of the men to hand him the bottle of aqua fortis from a cushioned box under the wagon seat.
“Careful, man,” said Captain Lovas. “Stryker says that nasty potion will burn your skin if it spills.” Lovas removed the glass stopper and poured the viscous liquid into the glass housing that covered the now tensioned spring. A moment later, a muffled burbling commenced.
The men flitted glances at each other. Looks of apprehension changed to mild frowns. One man sniffed to indicate I-told-you-so and another sniggered at the lack of eventful action. Most of them started laughing out loud, kidding each other for faulty guesses and undue anxiety. Captain Lovas took a very deep breath, fell back against the side of the wagon and exhaled through his teeth. Seeing his men start to grow rowdy at the innocuous Device, he snapped, “Fun is over, men. Let us leave this blasted place.”
Realizing that their Captain was in no mood for complacency, his troops gathered their gear and hastily loaded it into the two wagons they were to take back. One of the men asked about the horse hitched to the wagon bearing the Device. Lovas said, “Unhitch the animal so it will not move the wagon. Then tie it up nearby. The villagers will make good use of it.”
“They are likely to think the horse is bewitched,” an old veteran whispered slyly to one of his companions.
“Aye,” the other answered. “From the big pother with this evacuation, these poor locals might expect some ‘magical’ wrath from the King’s displeasure. They will blame every new ill or mishap on this infernal lead tank we’re leaving them.”
“Could be a brilliant move by the King, no doubt, since everyone knows he does not like the appearance of magical things. No one would blame him for arcane doings.”
“Lately His Highness seems to be a-changing that, too, with this Stryker fellow.”
“Aye, Stryker is a barrel of a man. Soft, though. No soldierly experience or hard work for him.”
“Claims to come from distant lands with greater learning than anyone the King knows. Seems to have the King’s ear.”
“Too much change going on, I say.”
“And I say you two better stop jabbering and get your rumps loaded up so we can be on our way!” Captain Lovas had unknowingly come up behind them. At his expression of displeasure, both soldiers jumped into the nearest wagon. Minutes later the two wagons started back on the narrow rocky road to Taunton, leaving behind the horseless one loaded with the Device.
* * *
The return direction was into the prevailing wind, blowing hot and dusty straight at them. Several of the men shifted around, trying to get comfortable for the long ride. Taunton was six leagues distant and Lovas wanted to get as far as he could with the half-day remaining. He mulled over his options. The trip back would take the Gilsum soldiers past a couple way stations, each two leagues apart. Lovas decided to push his men hard so they could make the second one, leaving a much shorter, easier trip for tomorrow.
In turn, the drivers pushed the horses to make good time. By mid-afternoon, it was evident this strategy was not going to work. The stiff, hot wind slowed them down and dehydrated both horses and men. Annoyed that they were making half the pace they did when the wind was at their backs, Lovas realized he had to change his plans. When the first way station came into sight, one look at the frothing horses was enough to confirm they had gone far enough for the day. Besides, they had stayed here a night on the inward trip so he knew the water was better compared with the next station. Although his orders were to get more than two leagues from Stedt before stopping, he gave the word to stop. A few grunts and weak cheers followed.
“Say, Captain?” asked a young soldier who hesitantly sidled up. “Can we stay inside the station this night? They say they saw scorpions about the other night here.”
The young man was barely in his mid-teens, too young to know the older men were just trying to scare him with talk of scorpions. He was a new recruit, about the same age Lovas’ oldest son would be, were he not killed a few years ago in army action. Biting the inside of his lip to offset the memory, the Captain answered, “Okay, lad. Your name is Berl, right? Pass the word. Then water the horses and tie them up in that dell over yonder where they will be out of this wretched wind. And give them a good rub down for me, will you, son?”
Lovas acknowledged the young soldier’s awkward salute and watched him jog off, the Captain breaking into a smile at the exuberance of youth that still managed to pervade an oversized uniform. Better that boy should be at his father’s side, he thought, learning the family trade and why girls make better company than the neighbor lads. That is the proper business for him. Not the army. Lovas began to realize why he was so eager to leave the village of Stedt. How could the villagers be blamed for refusing to give up their sons? Shaking his head to break the potentially mutinous thought, Lovas gathered his gear and moved into the stout, oak-beamed structure to join his men.
The soon devoured a spartan meal and found a place to repose as they crowded together in the way station. Someone produced a pint of bitters, followed by second. Passing the pints around, one of the troops stammered a bit in asking a question. “Captain Lovas…um…what d’ya think we will hear about that business in Stedt.”
From the other side of the one-room structure another answered. “Ah, there was nothing to it. Even if something magical or grand was supposed to happen, it would not have been much. Maybe just a scare for the locals. You know the man said it was a wee Device.”
“True,” said another. “He said it was no more than ‘a baby sister to a little girl.’”
“Whatever that might mean, the way he smirked about it,” the Captain answered.
Lovas sat on the floor enjoying a pipe, his back against the wall. Reclining next to him was the soldier remindful of his son. A look of worry crossed the youngster’s beardless face upon hearing the older soldiers. Lovas bent down and whispered, “There is nothing to fear, boy. We’re safe from har—”
Before the Captain could finish, an enormous boom occurred. More resounding than a clap of thunder, the noise was awesome. A minute went by that seemed like an hour, but the sound quickly crescendoed. The Captain put his hands on the floor to steady himself, then realized the building itself was shaking. More than that, the very ground was quaking. Windows cracked.
Huddled in a corner, a veteran soldier sat terrified and wet himself. He whimpered, “The gates of hell have opened!”
Another interminable moment went by. The quake turned to a rumble. Vibrations all around persisted. Lovas heard himself say, “It is coming at us.”
Men covered their ears to protect them from the ungodly roar that bore down on them. A few tried to get up, their futile efforts impaired by objects strewing around. Bits and pieces of the wooden structure fell about as it started disintegrating. When the young soldier next to him climbed to his knees and grew hysterical, Lovas reached out to him. The officer finally succeeded in grabbing him by the collar, but the younger man was screaming terrified and tried to break free. Lovas held him tightly amid the deafening roar and socked him in the face. Pulling himself on top of the unconscious troop, he was just in time to shield him from the falling timbers and madly flying objects as the building collapsed.
* * *
Going down the grade of the dwarves’ mountain was not too difficult, but Nevin and his companions found it slow going once they reached the main road. The road sloped up and down with frequent switchbacks that made Adel’s mountain only seem to inch closer. At least there was no trouble from any wayfarers, though only few were encountered and all passed quickly without exchanging pleasantries. By early evening, they reached a high promontory of a spine-shaped ridge and for the first time they could make out Taunton’s location mid-way up huge Adel’s mountain.
All four gathered to look at the sight. Upthrusted rock formations and craggy spires abounded in all directions. In contrast with the ochre color of the rock, there were numerous pockets of green conifers at all elevations, mostly pine and balsams thought Nevin. With little sign of human habitation around the mountainous terrain, Taunton reigned as the focal point of this panoramic vista. All visible roadways and trails formed a network that lead directly to the capital city. As their destination was now a scant number of miles away, it was an ominous moment for all of them.
Each had their own thoughts as they stared at the fortressed city. Orris fingered his sword, considering the possible threats to their safety before reaching the city. Anson tried to contain his anxiety over the lack of details to his plan, now that the end was literally in sight. Corissa feared that she would be recognized and stifled before they had a chance to meet with King Meire. Nevin’s mind was jumbled; he wondered how aggressive and civilized the people might be, and what stone was used to construct this castle, and just how could Anson prolong the levitation of a heavy wooden limb, and, almost forgetting, has Corissa been taking her medicine. He was about to ask when they were stunned by a double pulse of brilliant light followed seconds later by an enormous explosion several miles away to the east.
Nevin gaped at the quickly rising fireball that swiftly spread into a mushroom-shaped cloud. “My god, Stryker. What have you done!”
Chapter 18
Survivors
With the enormous blast subsiding, Corissa linked a trembling arm with Nevin. “What has happened, Nevin?”
Looking straight ahead, as they all were, Nevin answered hollowly, “Someone has exploded a bomb. Not just a bomb, but a nuclear device.”
“You mean a ‘nuke,’ like those in the hiroshima pictures?” Anson asked, his voice cracking.
“I’m afraid so.” Nevin replied, gazing in shock at the slowly dispersing dust cloud.
“Are we in danger, then?” Anson gasped.
“No, we are far enough away that the blast wind won’t reach us. We could have radiation exposure if the winds turn in our direction, but right now we very fortunate the wind is easterly.”
The distant ground fallout fell so slowly, it seemed that time itself was suspended with the obliterated debris. It reminded Nevin of that slow-motion replay of the eruption of Mount St. Helens that news programs so often repeated because it always riveted viewers’ attention. Shaking his head in a feeble attempt to deny the perverse spectacle, Nevin sighed. “Welcome to the Nuclear Age.”
* * *
Sleep after that was possible only because of their fatigue, but it was fitful sleep at best. At dawn, Nevin woke to see Anson still sitting at the promontory, staring at the horizon. The residual dust of the explosion produced a brilliant pink radiant sky with the sunrise, but the redness of the mage’s eyes reflected more than the color of the firmament.
“We are too late, Nevin. All our efforts and we are too late. How could it have happened?”
Nevin hesitated, not sure if it was rhetorical question. “I suppose a nuclear device could have been brought here, Anson, but it seems more likely that John Stryker somehow found the raw materials and made one. I don’t think there is anyone else around here with the scientific knowledge to pull it off.”
Anson looked up at Nevin, anguish competing with his puzzlement. “Are they that simple to create, such a destructive force?”
“Well, yes and no. It requires some knowledge of nuclear physics and familiarity with the basic design of the bomb. That is no great mystery anymore. The biggest problem is not the knowledge of how to make it, but getting the raw materials. And also safety from the radioactivity, that would certainly be a problem for Stryker or anyone who helped him.” Nevin’s explanation did not console the mage. “I know it looks bad, Anson, but it could have been a lot worse.”
“What do you mean, Sir Nevin? How could such destruction be worse?” Orris asked, now joining them. Corissa remained asleep.
“As nuclear weapons go, it was a small one. And it was also a ground burst; an elevated explosion causes a lot more damage,” explained Nevin.
“Do you mean that people will not suffer like those in the hiroshima pictures,” Anson perked up a little.
“There undoubtedly were, and will be, some casualties, but the ground burst kept down the flash radiation and the wind appeared to quickly disperse the fallout away from Taunton and this mountain range. I don’t know what lies beyond ground zero, probably desert-like terrain, but hopefully it is uninhabited for a good distance. The concussion and shock wave would have flattened anything in its path for a few miles in all directions. Anyone four or five miles away in this direction is probably safe for the present.”
Anson was somewhat relieved that the destruction less than he feared. His zeal started to return, only with greater urgency than he ever showed before. With Taunton so close, only a day away, this disaster may have given them the means they needed to convince King Meire to opt for peace. Anson started rushing around to break camp. Nevin stopped him.
“Wait a minute, Anson. I don’t want you to have false hope. It’s possible, you know, that this King Meire may be pleased about all this. He wouldn’t be the first leader to use arms like this as a means for power. And there’s Stryker, too. Who knows what his motives are, but you can bet he had some reason for building the damn thing in the first place.”
Anson nodded, but his eagerness remain pitched. “I assume you’re right about Stryker, Nevin. We will have to deal with him. But the King is the one we must convince, just as before. I do not know why I think this, but I feel that King Meire is not an evil man. A king who would be willing to destroy a portion of his kingdom and subjects would already be known far and wide for such traits. Remember what King Lucan said? He knew Meire to be a caring man who would not knowingly jeopardize his people. Such a man would listen to what we have to say.”
By then Corissa arose and crossly rebuked them for not waking her earlier. Didn’t they know that they must get to Taunton more urgently than ever. Anson pointed to her and nodded at the proof of his exhortations. It was time to be off. Nevin and Orris traded meager winces.
* * *
Energized by their rest and somewhat cooler weather, they left the promontory behind with Adel’s mountain in full view ahead. Each kept to him or herself, their thoughts private and unspoken, which helped them focus on their pace as they negotiated the hard-baked dirt road. After a few hours, they stopped for a rest where the road was joined by a route from the east. Nevin was talking to Corissa when Orris suddenly raised a hand for quiet.
“Shhh! There are riders coming. From the sound of it, they are in a hurry. We should hide!”
Anson was quick to stop that order. “Wait! This road comes from the direction of the blast. Someone may be in need of help. I will greet them; you can hide behind the rocks over there.” The others quickly picked up their belongings and scurried for nearby boulders, knowing it was useless to argue with Anson if he felt people might be in trouble. They kept a clear view of the mage as they hid from sight. Shortly a wagon noisily approached, the driver madly slapping the single horse with the reins. When the driver saw Anson, he immediately reined back on the horse and drew the wagon to a skidding halt.
“You, there!” The driver stood and shouted, pointing at Anson. “We are Gilsum Guardsmen. We have injured men. Can you help us?”
Anson ran over to the wagon and looked in the box. He instantly turned back toward his hidden comrades and frantically waved them to come over. When they did so, they saw four soldiers in the wagon box suffering from various burns, abrasions and contusions. A crude attempt at first aid had not been very successful as some wounds continued to bleed and the men were in shock.
Anson immediately started ministering to the one most seriously injured, calling for cloth strips and something to use for splints. Corissa and the driver, who was not badly hurt, followed Anson’s directions as they tended to others. Orris, however, backed off.
Nevin stopped tearing strips of cloth as he saw Orris withdraw. Nevin jogged over to Orris and spoke low, “You surprise me, Orris. I thought you would be the last of us to be squeamish. These men have a good chance of surviving.”
“I’ve seen far worse than this, Sir Nevin, many times over. I have held together the very guts of men with bellies sliced by Gilsum swords, just to let them get a few more breaths to say their final words. It is for those men that I cannot aid these enemies.”
“Orris, the men in that wagon over there may be soldiers, but they were not injured in any battle. They were battered by flying debris from the shock wave of the explosion. Besides, what difference does it make? We came here to end the fighting, not continue it. If you haven’t come to terms with that by now, maybe you should go back.” Nevin left the Antrim soldier to rejoin the others attending the injured.
Orris was vexed by Nevin’s words. Did he share the deep commitment the others felt? Was he there only because his King had ordered him? Did he, in fact, deserve to be considered one of their Alliance if he could not bury his enmity with Gilsum. The answers came while watching Nevin, Corissa and Anson hasten to ease the suffering of these Guardsmen. He gradually realized the importance of his role was just now playing out. If they were to succeed, veteran soldiers like him would have to retire their swords and leave the war behind them. He walked over to the wagon and stared at the injured men. They were all conscious, but their uniforms were dirtier than a good soldier would allow; their bodies battered and eyes glazed, perhaps more from their inability to understand what happened than their injuries. Orris put out a hand to steady himself against the wagon. With a sudden but decisive move, he climbed aboard the wagon and started helping Corissa treat a broken leg. Nevin saw the effort and gave him a nod.
The youthful soldier who drove the wagon watched in dull deference as Anson directed the makeshift triage. To anyone who would listen, he alternated between expressing his gratitude for the aid and asking if his comrades could make the four-hour ride to Taunton. When the last of the bandages were tied, Nevin edged over and asked his name, which was Berl. He compliantly answered Nevin’s questions about the blast, confirming they had carted some “Device” to a small isolated village, which they left right after their Captain had tripped the damnable thing. Being the only able-bodied one who had escaped injury from the “hellacious storm,” except for a swollen eye, Berl had done what he could to help his comrades but the demands were beyond him. Three had died, including their Captain.
Nevin put his hand on Berl’s shoulder and said his Captain would be proud of the job he had done. With that memory recalled, Berl started to lose his tenuous composure. His chest heaved once or twice as he seemed to flash back to some private moments, then he covered his face and started incoherently cursing the army and himself. Seeing that Berl’s catharsis could not be held back, Nevin put his arms around the lad, who stood barely more than waist high next to the much taller man. Berl struggled at first but lost himself in deep sobs as he buried his face against Nevin’s shirt. To Nevin, Berl seemed more like a boy scout than any serious type of soldier, and he hugged him tightly until the youth’s emotions were drained. Orris came over to help out, the older soldier knowing the right words to ease the younger one’s guilt.
Nevin, meanwhile, had caught sight of Corissa, sitting on the ground exhausted. He remembered what Bekar had said about her feeling ill and realized he had not made sure she took the herbal medicine the dwarves gave her. Angry with himself, Nevin made an appeal to young Berl to allow them all to crowd into the wagon for the ride to Taunton. Still unsure of himself, but showing a semblance of composure after Orris’ reassurances, Berl thought it a good idea as how the injured men might need further treatment along way. Looking up with uncertainty at the unusually tall man, Berl stammered, “Well, Sir. If you sit on the driver’s seat with me we can probably squeeze the rest in the box.”
Nevin quickly shared this idea with the others and all agreed, Anson especially pleased because it provided the best available opportunity to get inside the gate and possibly into the castle. Nevin took his place next to Berl, the others crowded into the box with the injured soldiers as the wagon creaked away.
Chapter 19
First Minister
With Nevin situated next to the driver and Corissa curled up in exhaustion, there was no conversation among the injured or any others. The monotony of the drive was broken only by an occasional groan from an injured man, which was immediately tended by Anson or Orris. Compounding the tedium, the drive took longer than expected because Anson insisted the horse, which he seemed to know was near collapse, not be pushed too hard. Finally, with the first signs of dusk, the capitol city of Taunton came into full view.
Like the Antrim capitol, Taunton was walled all the way around except the back of this city was flush with the sheer mountainside. Judging by the length of the walls, Nevin estimated that Taunton was considerably larger, covering about twice the area as Sartell.
When they approached the huge front gates, they were met by a trio of uniformed Guardsmen. The lead guard talked with Berl to get a quick explanation of their troubles, then checked each of the injured soldiers, making conversation with those sufficiently conscious. Next, the guard looked over each member of the Alliance, obviously looking for weapons or any signs for potential concern, holding his gaze longest on Nevin. When he was satisfied there was no threat, he said, “We appreciate the care you provided our fellows. I do not quite know what happened to them, but they were knocked about pretty good. I would say you saved the life of one or more. I will see that you are taken to the armory where you will be shown a proper thanks a curist can tend to these men.”
Each member of the Alliance kept silent for the stroke of luck that got them admitted past the gate. By remaining with the wagon, they could avoid contact with passersby and reduce attention that Nevin might attract. As the wagon passed through, Nevin saw the city open up in front of him. It was magnificent.
Taunton was clean and orderly. People milled about an open market area and activity seemed normal around small adjacent shops. People made way for the wagon but paid little heed unless they spotted Nevin, though their reaction was much milder than the attention he had received elsewhere. He was still a larger man by far than any of the locals, but apparently not so extraordinary that he caused much of a stir. Considering their need to minimize undue attention, it was a boon and Nevin was grateful for it. Still, something about the populace seemed a little odd until he realized there were few children around. Only a handful were seen, and those were either swaddled or kept close to a solicitous parent.
They shortly turned onto the street that headed toward the castle. It was much a larger central avenue than the one he had seen in Sartell, Nevin wondered whether this reflected a difference in wealth between the two kings. Meire’s castle had three main stories with numerous turrets and towers rising to higher levels, ideal for long distance lookouts. The rear of the castle backed directly into the side of the mountain, also ideal for fortification. As the failing horse trudged on, its pace noticeably slowing further, Nevin guessed that Taunton was a lot larger than he expected for this mountainous terrain.
As they approached the front of the castle, the wagon abruptly stopped causing the horse to stagger a bit. Before them was an expansive building with a single, relatively small entrance. A few men in uniform had been loitering around the doorway but jumped to action when they spied the wagon. One went inside and raised a shout. Within a minute, litters were rushed out and the injured soldiers carefully unloaded and carried within. Nevin and the others stood by the wagon, cautiously quiet until beckoned to enter by one of the ranking Guardsmen.
Inside was a huge room obviously assigned to military purposes. Along one side, there were at least two dozen tables with benches, apparently serving as a mess area. Several doorways marked the walls on both sides, along with a few open casements that looked into adjacent rooms. Everywhere there were weapons, shields and other accoutrements of soldiering. In two corners, there were practice areas with mats covering the stone floor, one area being utilized for swordplay and the other for some kind of wrestling or hand to hand fighting. The room was full of sounds from soldiers chattering, wooden practice weapons clattering, and blows being landed with accompanying shouts of encouragement or derision for their respective skill. Orris, already ill at ease about being in the proximity of enemy soldiers, looked about and made a noticeable doubletake.
“What’s wrong?” Nevin whispered.
“They’re training women! They got girls bloody suited up to be soldiers,” he hissed.
Nevin pointed a finger to his lips to silence Orris, making a mental note to talk with him later about what the future has in store for the equality of the sexes. It was probably fortunate there were women about so the soldiers would pay less attention to Corissa.
Off to their left, some medical personnel quickly appeared and started removing splints, examining injuries and barking orders for new supplies. At first ignored amid the hubbub, Nevin and the others stayed close together. Corissa came close and whispered in Nevin’s ear.
“Nevin, I think you should speak for us. I need to draw as little attention as possible. I don’t think I will be recognized but if I am, we will be lost.”
Nevin nodded agreement just as he was approached by a sandy haired youth, who stopped a few paces away apparently trying to figure out to address him. Wearing clothes that suggested he was a page or possibly a military cadet, he looked nervously at them but kept returning his gaze to Nevin. Finally, he stammered to no one in particular and scuttled off. “All of you are to stay here. The First Minister is coming to see you personally.”
Nevin exchanged looks with Anson, the mage’s tightened lips indicating the importance of the moment. Before they could discuss any strategy, Nevin saw a stout woman enter from a doorway and head straight for them. Her passage was notable by the sudden halt to conversations and practice activities throughout the huge room. She walked with a very erect posture, head held high, arms gracefully swinging as she moved. As she passed some soldiers nearby, they acknowledged her with sharp nods that passed for salutes and practically jumped out of her way. She barely noticed them as she kept her eyes on Nevin and the others. She appeared to be a rather stout woman, but her figure was hidden by a maroon caftan that dropped straight to her ankles. She had dark hair, cut short and streaked with gray. Her clothing was not particularly ornate, nor did she have any jewelry that indicated rank, but there was no doubt she was a person of high status. She stopped a few feet from Nevin, and looked at him straight in the eyes before giving each of the others a momentary glance. She turned to the side and nodded slightly to the Gilsum soldiers who watched her, a silent order for them to continue their business while she conducted hers. Looking back at the four from Antrim, she spoke in a quiet tone that still conveyed her command of the situation.
“I am Camrel, First Minister to King Meire,” she said, announcing herself to them as a group. To Nevin’s surprise, she chose to address him directly. “I assume you speak for the group. What is your name?”
“Uh, Nevin, Miss. I mean, Nevin Reasoner.”
Frowning slightly, as if disappointed with the name, Camrel raised her head and spoke loud enough for all in the room to hear. The buzz of myriad conversations and scurrying stopped again as she spoke.
“On behalf of the King and the people of Gilsum, I thank these good citizens for rendering aid to our Guardsmen. These good people have saved lives and eased the suffering of our injured comrades. Is their good will appreciated by all?”
With that question, a clamor broke out as the dozens of men and women in the room, soldiers and servants alike, gave a hearty cheer and rapped on tables with anything at hand.
As the cheers abated, Camrel stepped closer to Nevin and spoke in a quieter tone not meant for others to heed. The other Gilsum people in the room immediately went back to their business, giving Camrel wide berth to resume hers. Speaking to Nevin but taking in the others with a furtive glance, she asked, “State your business in Taunton, Nevin Reasoner.”
It was now or never. Nevin took a deep breath without trying to look too nervous. “We came to see the King.”
“For what purpose.”
“We wish to speak to him about the war with Antrim.”
Camrel hesitated, contemplating the request. “Do you mean you have information to help us? You know some secret of theirs?”
“Well, actually we have a lot of things to tell the King. About what happened in the village of Stedt, for one. And how that poses more of a threat to your good people than Antrim—”
“You speak as an outsider, but that is no surprise, at least for you. About the business in Stedt, do you wish to tell us how to better use this weaponry?”
Camrel’s question made Nevin pause. Everything they had gone through hinged on his response. Should he be truthful or not? Decry the horrible, obscene use of such destructive force and be seen as a desperate mewler for the enemy? He swallowed hard, but before he could speak, it was Orris who stepped forward.
“Good Minister, we come to tell you of the evil of this Device that destroyed Stedt, and how the poisoned air that lingers would inflict terrible suffering on your people if merely the wind should change direction. We came to plea with King Meire to end its use and consider a truce with Antrim before there is nothing left for winner or loser. Anson, show her the hiroshima pictures.”
Amid the noisy, bustling activity in the huge armory, Anson brought out the pictures safeguarded under his tunic. “This is the horror that Device creates,” the mage said dolefully.
Camrel took the pictures, now heavily creased and soiled from the journey. She carefully looked at each one, her face grim but betraying no opinions. She handed the pictures back to Anson. Her face still grim, she made eye contact with each of them in turn and quietly affirmed, “You are a delegation from Antrim.”
Nevin, Anson, Orris and Corissa nodded in unison, each fearful that this identity would mean their demise.
Camrel drew a breath as she pursed her lips, then exhaled slowly, her proud demeanor broken for an instant. Before she could talk, a young woman ran up to her, panting but beaming at the same time.
“Mother! I placed in the sword competition! I am half-way to earning my field uniform. Are you proud of me?”
Camrel looked into the face of the eager trainee, who looked no older than sixteen. Not returning the smile, but softening her tone to respond, the First Minister said, “I see that you are proud enough for both of us, daughter. But now I am conducting court business and you should not interrupt me.”
The young woman frowned and started to walk off, stopping for a second to look up at the unusually tall man standing there with three other common folks. Deepening her frown at the lack of military bearing in such a large man, she sulked off.
Camrel stared after her, made another sigh and whispered barely audibly, “Half-way to your uniform or half-way to hell, my child?” The Minister recaptured her bearing, still speaking in hushed tones not meant for others to hear, said, “We have been informed that 946 Guardsmen were killed at our Grayflood River encampment several days ago. Do you know anything about this?”
Nevin froze. The memory of his fight with some of these men and so many deaths struck him with a double edge of guilt and fear. Not knowing what to say or do, he started to panic. This time, it was Anson who responded. “We saw the encampment, Minister. They chose to invade and desecrate the Elvenwood, and the elves would not let them pass. I tried to warn your Guardsmen. I went to General Levant and begged him not to cross the river for the sake of his men. But he would not believe that elves could be a force to stop them. It is my greatest failure that I could not find a way to prevent this loss.”
“Are you trying to say that we are at war with elves, as well?” Camrel responded with a shake of her head. Composing herself again, she spoke directly to Anson. “The dispatch I received from Levant said nothing of a warning…but…that is not surprising, is it? How would it make the general look to lose so many men when he had foreknowledge of their risk? I questioned the dispatchman myself, so that I might be better informed to bear this unfortunate news to the King, and the man spoke of a visitor to the general’s tent. ‘Man-of-the-Forest’ the general called him, and some thought him a spy while others overheard him bring the warning you claim. This unfortunate man was supposedly bound to a tree and tortured to reveal whether he was a spy or nothing more than the simple pacifist he seemed. Let me see your wrists.”
Anson looked away but offered his arms for her to see. Everyone remained frozen while Camrel inspected both of Anson’s wrists, gently dropping his hands after drawing back his sleeves to see the rings of tortured flesh. Thinning her lips in a tightened grimace, she asked, “Your back, too, has been scarred?”
Anson remained silent, head bowed but unable to keep tears from falling. Corissa moved over to put her arm around Anson and hugged him gently. Facing Camrel, Corissa spoke with tenderness as she grasped Anson’s hand. “Anson would have died, First Minister, and nearly did, to save those men. Now they are gone but the grief their families will suffer never ends. You can see the importance of our mission, from the measure of this man’s commitment. King Lucan acknowledges the need to end this war and wishes to negotiate terms with Meire.”
To Nevin’s surprise, the First Minister seemed to believe them. To his relief, she waited a long minute and said, “I hope you are not too late. Follow me.”
Chapter 20
Meire
Camrel led them along a labyrinth of brazier-lit corridors. Despite her bulk, the First Minister moved rapidly, but their pace afoot was nothing to match the racing hearts of the four from Antrim.
Keeping a close-ranked single file behind her, they followed Camrel, turning on their heels when she turned. Whenever they met someone walking the same corridor, whether coming or going, that person would immediately jump to the side to let the line pass unhindered. It did not matter whether it was a guard, servant or courtier, upon recognizing Camrel under a full head of steam, the way cleared for them.
Finally, they reached the King’s Council Room. The room, or more closely described as a hall, was huge and ornately furnished with tapestries and lush carpet framed to provide a gold-colored runway to the king’s throne. There were many guards stationed around the room and a line of petitioners, about twenty or so, queued before the throne. There were no courtiers milling about. A middle-age man wearing a crown occupied the elegant high-backed throne straight ahead of them. He was thinly built, with a narrow mustache and goatee, and his robes of office were opulent with gold brocade on red velvet.
Less obvious for his station, the occupant of a simpler chair to the King’s right was a stocky man, larger in all aspects of height and weight than anyone in the room except Nevin. He wore local clothing including common trousers, a long tunic with short sleeves, fine leather shoes with buckles, and a short cape.
Camrel faced the four from Antrim at the entrance and spoke softly, “Follow me and do not demur. Show courage for your petition, but do not speak unless beckoned.” She led them directly to the King’s presence, waving the closest petitioners out of the way. She curtsied and spoke, “Your Highness, please forgive the abruptness of this intrusion, but I have intercepted a delegation from Antrim who seek your council.”
“Forgiven, Camrel.” Turing to the man on his right, he said, “Perhaps your demonstration has quickly prompted a wish for surrender, Lord Stryker.” Stryker said nothing, so the King turned to the delegation and asked, “Who speaks for you?”
“I do, your highness,” Corissa spoke, stepping forward.
“You bear more likeness to Gilsum ancestry than Antrim, you look familiar. Ah, I believe I know who you are. Corissa, is it not? Who left our fair land to marry an officer in Antrim’s army?”
“Yes, your highness. I am Corissa, born in Gilsum. I did marry an Antrim officer, now dead. I am King Lucan’s emissary. ”
“Of course you are, my dear. What did my cousin bid you say to us?
“We petition for peace. We ask for an immediate halt to all fighting, then to negotiate a treaty to ensure peaceful accord between our two kingdoms.”
“Well, my dear Corissa, I also wish for peaceful accord but my plan to ensure it is by combining our two kingdoms into one. What would my cousin say to that?”
“We cannot negotiate the end of Antrim, your highness.” Corissa answered calmly. “Treaty terms should be discussed between you and King Lucan. Our immediate aim is to ask that both armies withdraw and all fighting stop at once.”
“My friend, Lord Stryker, here,” the King said, casually pointing to his right. “has provided our side with the means to destroy Antrim or any future enemy of Gilsum. Are you and your friends aware of the recent demonstration of this power?”
“Yes, your highness. We have seen a small measure of the horror it wreaked when we aided some Guardsmen who survived. We came to tell you that about the destruction that comes with this—”
Anson interrupted as he stepped forward holding up the Hiroshima pictures, “Your highness, please permit me to show you these pictures of the devastation that will occur from—”
“Stay where you are! Guard, bring me those items!” the King barked. A guard rushed forward brandishing a sword, taking the pictures from Anson and handing them to the King. After quickly looking them over, he turned to the man next to him, “Stryker, is this an accurate portrayal of the power I can wield?”
Stryker nodded.
Nevin was aghast at the implications of Stryker’s complicity. He could no longer hold back and blurted, “Your highness, this scale of destruction of life is not only an abomination, but you risk your own people to suffer the after effects of radiation. You must realize—”
“King Meire, if I may advise you.” Stryker imposed. “Perhaps further discussion should take place in more private quarters. I suggest you separate these visitors and question each of them to compare their responses for truthfulness.”
“Yes, a good suggestion, Stryker. Take them to separate rooms.” A squad of soldiers rushed forward and led the four petitioners briskly out the door.
* * *
Nevin grew tired of pacing the room but still fidgeted in worry over the status of his friends. He took a seat at an undersized set of table and chairs; the room had no other furnishings and was well suited for interrogation purposes. The wall opposite the door had a few windows to allow daylight for illumination; the windows looked out on a grassy area in the interior of the castle, meaning an escape outlet was far away.
He did not know what to expect for himself, other than questioning about their mission. Would he be tortured? If they suspected Anson was a mage, his friend would surely be killed. Maybe he could win over Stryker. The man obviously had influence over Meire and could advise the King toward a peaceful settlement. That seemed unlikely, since Stryker was obviously trying to benefit himself by tipping the balance in favor of Gilsum. King Meire’s peaceful inclinations may be lost to his obvious delight at having explosive armament. His wish to combine the two kingdoms into one, undoubtedly under his sole rule, could be another a sign of megalomania. There was also his paranoia about mages to the point he put bounties on their lives.
The sounds of muffled conversation outside the door interrupted Nevin’s musing. A release of the door latch preceded the entrance of John Stryker into the room. He nodded to the guards outside and quietly closed the door. Gliding slowly with his hands clasped behind his back, he stood over Nevin and spoke, “I hope you were not too roughly treated, Reasoner. I told the guards not to restrain you. We can be gentlemen about this, can’t we?”
“I appreciate your concern for my welfare, Professor Stryker. You mind telling me what is going on? I am sure I saw a nuclear explosion!”
“Still polite with the honorific address? You always were respectful of protocol. Too bad some of our envious colleagues had it in for you. You actually were quite good at promoting scientific inquiry. Ironically, I saw you as quite similar to myself as a young man. Idealistic and such. However, my time as a “professor” is over, at least in this place. Although I could possibly resort to it again, if and when I return to Hempstead. To obtain a Nobel prize, perhaps. With some secrets from this place I could easily get one, you know. I found violets that cure cancerous lesions. They wouldn’t propagate, though, and I haven’t had time to pursue it further. On other matters, you must be fascinated by the so-called deliverance here. Have you figured it out yet?”
“I think it involves ley lines and some kind of electromagnetic power sink that travels point-to-point—but what about the explosion?” Nevin pleaded, “Don’t you realize what harm has been done? The scale of destruction to life and the environment?”
“Don’t be overly dramatic, Reasoner. You are correct about the explosion. It was a little test that went quite well under primitive circumstances. I expected that little village would be destroyed, but a new one can be built. Some place else, of course. But I made sure the local inhabitants were marched far enough away to avoid the concussion; they were located away from the prevailing wind, as well. So they were not wiped out, as you imply.”
“What about the people who live farther away, where the radiation falls out? Have you gone crazy? How did you get the components here to make the bomb?” implored Nevin.
“I told you, it was just a little test. This land has some big lead mines around here, so it wasn’t hard to find uranium. Soon after I got here, I observed some mine workers with signs of radiation sickness. Even my good King Meire suffers from it, although he doesn’t know it. He likes to tour his holdings. I am certain it left him sterile years ago. With these lead mines, I had a good supply of U-238. You must know that ore would have a tiny percent of the U-235 isotope needed for fission.”
“Yes, I know. 0.716%.”
“You would know the exact percentage, wouldn’t you, Reasoner. Uh, you will forgive me if I don’t return the professorial honorific? After all, protocol is still protocol and status does matter. Now, back to you. It will go better if you answer my questions. Have you figured out how to use the deliverance spell to get back to Hempstead? I haven’t mastered the spellcasting talents some have here. What about you?”
“Never mind that. If you wanted to impress King Meire with a big boom, why would you risk a nuclear device instead of a conventional explosive?”
“Simple. I don’t know how to make conventional explosives with the materials at hand. With so much U-238, I just had to figure out how to enrich a smidgeon of U-235, and, basically, bang the rocks together.”
“You were tickling the dragon’s tail? You overcame the fizzle?”
“Tickling the dragon’s tail? Well, I haven’t heard that expression since the early days of stockpiling nuclear arms back in...our previous realm. The answer to your questions is, yes. And no. The fizzle was a problem. When you start clapping radioactive rocks together, you can get a predetonation. At first, we got some small fizzle reactions when we brought samples too close together. The dragon roared, as it were. It took a while to rig up a crude device to overcome the fizzle, once I was sure we enriched a tiny bit of U-235. Unfortunately, the fizzles gave us a few casualties along the way. But let’s get back to the magic? Have you figured out how they do it?”
“I don’t believe in magic,” Nevin replied cautiously. Given Meire’s paranoia, it was best not to reveal Anson’s spellcasting skill. Or his own.
“Looking for scientific explanations, are you?” Stryker asked, slyly. “Enough chatter. We have a more urgent problem in appeasing the King over your little group.”
“Can’t you help us try to negotiate some kind of peaceful settlement to their stupid war? I don’t think they even know what they are fighting over. Maybe a simple ceasefire?”
“It’s probably too late for that. The King is quite taken with his new military superiority. He also wants me to come up with a way to identify mages so he can prevent some kind of prophecy. He thinks they will cause his downfall or death. My assurance that I can do that keeps me in good graces; it forges a dependency for my services, you see.”
That was more bad news. Increasing the witch-hunt for mages by some identification scheme was another sign of Meire’s delusional madness. Nevin grew more desperate. There had to be some way to help their cause. “Stryker, in the name of decency! Help us!”
“You are mewling, Mr. Reasoner. That is unbecoming to a scholar.” Stryker started pacing, bringing a hand to his chin for a moment before responding further. “Though I can see how you might feel terribly threatened. Meire has been quite brutal when it comes to magic-related matters. He is very civil, otherwise. Hmm. I’ll see what I can do. Come with me.”
Stryker stood aside and waved Nevin through the doorway. Once in the wide hallway, Nevin found himself between several armed men. “Which way do we—” Before he could finish the question, he received simultaneous blows to his knees from behind, instantly dropping him to the floor. A club to the back of his head knocked him unconscious. He was quickly tied up and dragged back into the room.
* * *
In another room, similar to the one where Nevin was now restrained and confined, the other three sat at a table arguing their fate. Corissa said, exasperated, “Please, let us keep our wits. Unless you can use your spellcasting somehow, Anson, there is no immediate action we can take.”
Orris replied, “The Lady is right, my friend. We need to be clearheaded so we can act if an opportunity comes to us.”
“Of course, of course! I just wish I could do something. I wish Nevin was here. He is most resourceful.” Anson sat dejected, forlorn with their lack of success and loss of hope. “Is there nothing we can think of?”
Corissa placed her hand on Anson’s arm to comfort him. She sighed, “I wish I could. I thought this silly ring could help us somehow.” She took out Lucan’s ring and set it on the table.
“What is that, My Lady?” Orris asked.
“Lucan entrusted it with me in secret. He said I would know when it would be useful. If it has any uses, now would be prosperous.”
Anson picked up the ring and examined it. The shank appeared to be made of gold. The center stone was red, brilliant in hue, surrounded by a setting of smaller red stones that were extremely vivid. “These stones are rubies. Very rare. I have only seen a few before, but these are stirring in their radiance. Did Lucan tell you anything about its use?”
“No, Anson,” Corissa replied. “He said to keep it secret and use it when necessary. I don’t know what could be more necessary than our current dilemma.”
“The ruby is rare, as I said. It is supposed to be reserved for royalty. It is regarded as having intense energy that encourages the wearer to feel high spirits. One mentor taught me this crystal nature emits energy that seeks…something. I cannot remember what, or how.”
“Can you give a boost, man? With your spellwork, I mean,” Orris suggested with rising enthusiasm.
“I do not know.”
“If you have never tried, now is the time!” Corissa said. “Do you sense anything?”
“Not really,” Anson answered. “Just the hum.”
“What hum?” Corissa questioned. “I never felt any humming from it.”
“Oh, it is quite pronounced. I assumed you would detect it. It does not seem extraordinary.”
“Try your spellwork on it. Concentrate like Nevin does,” Corissa suggested.
“I am familiar with the art, My Lady,” Anson responded with a hint of annoyance. “I will try.” Anson took the ring in his palm and stared at it, focusing on the consistent humming. It was not actually an auditory sensation, more a vibration or emanation. It gradually reacted with greater intensity that startled him and he dropped it, clanking on the table.
“What’s wrong? What happened?” Orris asked.
“The sensation suddenly increased. It seems so powerful. Like a stream of pulsations. What Nevin calls mental energy. Except it seems to have a direction. Like I was releasing it.”
“Try it again, man! Maybe you can control it and blow down the door,” Orris offered.
“I will try.” Anson picked up the ring and repeated his focus, accepting the burst of energy as it increased again. He could not actually guide this energy, but it seemed to take its own course like it was plugging a hole. After a few minutes, it faded. He set the ring on the table. “It does not appear likely to break the door,” he said with resignation. “I do not know what this has accomplished.”
Their disappointment was palpable. Orris muttered a curse. For several minutes, they sat in silence and deep dejection. None of them noticed the latch slide and the door slowly open.
Chapter 21
Retribution
Anson was the first to recognize them. “Zamora! Hillister! How did you find us? Are you in peril here?”
The two High Mages softly entered the room. Hillister spoke, “It was the ring, Anson. We knew you were somewhere in this castle and in serious peril yourselves, but the emanation from the rubies led us here. While we have tried to avoid interfering in squabbles between kings, we are here to act. Our bonds with you are too strong to risk your life. We could not let you be killed by Meire’s madness.”
“What do you mean by bonds, Sir?” Anson asked.
Zamora smiled and said, “You are one of us, my dear.” She stepped forward, placing her hand on Anson’s shoulder. With unmistakable affection, she looked at him and said softly, “…And you are my son.” She gave him a tender embrace and continued, “We have few children over the years, and they are greatly dear to all of us. We are very proud of you and the reverence for life you have learned. We hoped your success with King Lucan would be matched here, so both rulers could rebuild healthier kingdoms from the ravages of their war. We realize that is not to be. Meire has irrevocably lost his way.”
Anson was as stunned as he could be. Powerful questions were surging through his mind, but a comforting look from Zamora told him he would get his answers. One simple question did leak out from him, “Do I call you Zamora or Mother?”
“In time, you will answer that question yourself,” she responded tenderly. “First, we must deal with this havoc. Hillister?”
Hillister nodded and responded firmly, “The explosive device that obliterated Stedt has forced our hand. We have to deal with Meire in a way that will end the war between the two kingdoms. We expect Lucan will be cooperative. For now, we will rely on Corissa to carry this message to him and explain what transpires here. Next, we must get Camrel and Meire to this room. Also, Mr. Reasoner.”
“How are we going to do that?” asked Orris.
“Zamora will bring Camrel and Meire here.”
Orris seemed incredulous. “How is she going to do that? What about the guards? I will go with her. I need my damn elvish sword!”
Hillister answered, “You are a good man to offer your service, Orris, but Zamora will not need your protection. And, we hope you learn a new trade that does require such loathsome tools. The guards outside are asleep and Meire will be made to follow. Camrel is devoted to him, but is a far more reasonable leader in her own right so we expect her to cooperate willingly.” Turning to Zamora, he said, “It is time.”
Zamora nodded and left.
Anson asked, “What about Sir Nevin?”
Hillister responded, “He is tied with rope in a room like this one, a short distance away. He is steaming with mental energy in his frustration, so you should easily detect his location. That man practically thunders with spellpower. There are only two guards outside that room, and they will not notice who passes if you use the indifference spell, Anson. One has Orris’ sword, so take the Armsman with you to recover it. I know you do not like to handle weapons. Go now and bring Nevin here quickly.”
Anson and Orris left, as instructed.
* * *
Nevin was too large to tie to a chair, so he was left on the floor to struggle against his bonds. The rope was tied too tightly to loosen by physical means, so, in frustration, he tried spellcasting but every attempt failed. He knew he was not doing it correctly amid his turmoil. It bothered him that he resorted to it in the first place because he still thought it was not magic at all, but displacement of energy in some form, and his mastery of it was hit or miss.
His wrists were tied frontward to his ankles, allowing him to scoot over to a wall and rest his back in a sitting position. He tried over and over to think of options for escape, but came up blank. He recalled the ignition spell Bartram demonstrated in lighting candles. Perhaps he could figure that out and burn the ropes binding him. That made him laugh out loud. If he succeeded, it would at least burn his skin and maybe set the room on fire. He leaned back against the wall and sighed.
After a while, he heard voices outside his door. Must be relieving the guards, he thought. The voices grew to a shout, which abruptly stopped to the sound of something slumping against the door. The door opened and Anson poked his head around it, asking, “Are you well, Nevin.”
“Yes, yes! Untie me! How did you get away?”
Orris followed Anson into the room brandishing his regained sword, and deftly cut Nevin’s rope bonds. While Nevin rubbed his wrists to restore circulation, Orris tittered, “Anson used Corissa’s ring to lead those High Mages here. They had the bilious spit to summon the King and his minister for a reckoning. Oh, and would you believe it, Sir Nevin, they say Anson is one of them!”
“Used the ring? How? Anson is what?” Nevin asked, confused.
“The rubies in the king’s ring are crystals,” Anson said. “Crystals give off emanations. The High Mages sensed it when I livened it by spelling.”
“What emanations?”
“Have you never sensed—what you call energy—from crystals? I recall you explaining something about shining an intense light through a ruby to concentrate this energy. I think you called it a laser.”
“Oh, that’s different, I mean, uh…” Nevin muttered.
“The rubies are not all of it, Sir,” Orris added, helping Nevin stand up. “The woman, Zamora, is his mother.”
“Anson’s Mother? Huh?”
“It is, as well, an unexpected surprise to me, Nevin,” Anson shrugged. “I am sure it will all be explained, but now we must return to the others.”
“Your mother? What the—Oh, what about Corissa! How is she? Is she hurt or anything?”
“She is well enough. Please, let us hurry.”
* * *
“Welcome, Mr. Reasoner. It is good to see you unharmed,” Hillister said, as Nevin and the others entered the room. Strangely, no Gilsum guards were encountered on the way, nor were there any protecting their king.
Nevin looked around in bewilderment. King Meire sat at a table with Camrel standing at his side. The king’s posture was erect and his bearing was regal, but there was an unmistakable appearance of confusion in his eyes. Nevin stared closely at the King, noticing physical features that reminded him of something Stryker said. Despite Meire’s well-groomed appearance, there were signs his hair was treated to cover up small bald splotches. Around his mouth, sores were masked with makeup. There was marked bruising around his hands and wrists, and his overall complexion had a pallor compared to other residents of Gilsum. There was no doubt he was suffering some form of systemic illness.
Hillister waited in front of the table. Corissa and Zamora stood to his left, both with solemn expressions. Anson and Orris joined them, completing the audience. Nevin made eye contact with Corissa, who nodded slightly and tightened her lips to reflect the gravity of the situation.
“Now that you all are here, I will explain our presence and intentions,” Hillister said calmly.
Meire responded with a deferential look, then declared, “Whoever you claim to be, I have not decided whether I should even respond or have you removed from my sight. I will only admit to some confusion over the request of your companion—” he said, pointing to Zamora, “—to bring myself to this room. Nevertheless, I am here and I expect you to address me befittingly.”
“Meire,” Hillister’s tone turned grave. “Except for Camrel, none here are your subjects. Zamora and I are part of a council of observers that live in isolation around this kingdom and other lands. These others represent Antrim, who came here to plead for the end of your war before their kingdom and yours is sundered to nothing but anarchy and ruin.”
“What do you mean by observers?” Meire asked grimly. “Explain yourself.”
Hillister hesitated, as if he was uncertain how much he should say. He finally spoke, his tone soft but determined, “Over the ages our council has rarely interfered with the governance of kingdoms, cities and such. That does not mean we are disinterested. Quite the contrary, in fact. For years, we have found it difficult to remain aloof over your actions, Meire, while many died from your pointless war. Our neutrality was especially challenged by your cruel campaign to murder anyone suspected of having spellcasting ability over some foolish prophecy. Your decision to use an explosive contrivance finally forced us to act, though we abhor doing so. Zamora and I are here to judge you and halt your course.”
Meire looked away, sniffing his disregard at this impertinence.
Camrel, looking distressed, jutted her chin forward and asked, “May I speak?”
Hillister nodded.
Camrel took a deep breath. “I believe I know who you are, Hillister, and your companion, Zamora. You are High Mages, if I am correct. I also believe it is your intent to do harm to my king. I will not argue for either his innocence or his sovereignty. It is obviously too late for that. I beg that he be judged as well for the good he has done. A good king is a servant to his people, and this man has spent his life governing Gilsum with fairness and devotion to the welfare of his people.”
Zamora stepped forward to acknowledge the Minister’s plea, “Your devotion to your king is admirable, Camrel, but, as you say, it is too late. Whether a ruler or common person, one’s heinous acts are not easily absolved by the number or size of good deeds. A tyrant who is a loving husband and father is still a tyrant.”
Meire stirred and laughed derisively, “Ha! I should have guessed. You are mages come out of hiding to fulfill the prophecy of regicide.”
Hillister frowned, “The prophecy that spawned your delusion about mages has no merit, Meire. There is no underlying magic or compulsion to make such predictions come true. Prophecies like this arise from ignorance, fear and chance.”
Camrel rejoined Hillister’s indictment, “You judge a king’s right to wage war and condemn the casualties as wanton murder, then decide to murder the king yourselves? Who is the new tyrant, now? Do you also seek to make yourself king?”
Nevin could tell from Hillister’s body posture that Camrel’s accusation flustered him. Zamora acted next, gently placing her arm on Hillister’s to allow her step forward and address Gilsum’s minister and king. “Your view has been stated by some on our council, and it does prevail, in part. You take the lives of mages wantonly, out of ignorance and senseless fear. Few are left in the land to tend the sick and ailing. Anson, my son, would be another victim, as would Hillister and I, if you held sway.” Zamora stiffened, took a breath, and issued judgment. “Meire, we will not take your life to redress your atrocities. Rather, we will take away your ability to rule. Camrel, please step aside.”
Camrel reluctantly moved away, fearful over what would transpire next. After Zamora moved around the table to the Meire’s right, she beckoned to Hillister, “It is time. It takes two to carry out the council’s decision.”
Hillister nodded and moved around the table to the King’s left, so that he and Zamora were positioned on opposite sides of the king. Simultaneously, the two High Mages placed one hand on a shoulder and firmly held the king in place. Meire obviously resented their touch but that did not give way to the confusion in his eyes. With their other hands, the mages placed two fingers each on the king’s temples and whispered a brief incantation that caused the king’s body to stiffen slightly and eyes flutter. In a minute, it was over. The King sighed and slumped to one side.
Camrel sprang forward and knelt to aide her monarch. With her many years of familiarity with the man, she could tell instantly that his mind was diminished. She bore hateful looks at Zamora and Hillister.
Zamora spoke, “He did not feel pain, Camrel, but his ability to rule is gone. We take no pleasure from this retribution.”
Hillister added, “We have no wish to take his place or choose his successor. According to your laws, he remains king until he dies. It is likely that will happen soon as his body wastes away from what is called radiation sickness. Mr. Reasoner can tell you more about that, if you wish. With the state of his mind now, he will not suffer as he would have otherwise. We hope you can take some comfort in that.”
Camrel nodded sadly, indicating she knew Meire was struggling with illness for some time.
Hillister continued, “We do not know how long Meire will live, and, as Zamora said, his succession will be determined by your tradition. Our opinion, for whatever it is worth to you, is that a regency complies with your tradition. With you as regent, it will cause the least disruption to your kingdom and the best prospect for negotiating settlements with King Lucan. That said, we must depart.”
Hillister went directly out the door without a look or word for anyone. Zamora followed, stopping to embrace Anson again and whisper something meant only for him. After she exited, the four from Antrim came together and searched their faces in silence. They formed a circle, each with an arm cradling the one at their side in solemn humility for what they had accomplished. No words were said, as none were needed, and they quietly left as well.
Chapter 22
Academy
Camrel immediately posted proclamations in the Taunton city limits that there was a cease-fire in their war with Antrim. She explained to the Antrim delegation that she deliberately understated the end of the war because it was better politically to let the citizens of Taunton gradually adjust to peace. Nevin did not understand the need for this strategy, but Corissa did. She also agreed to have runners sent to all cities in Gilsum with this news, as long as it included official orders for Gilsum Guardsmen to withdraw from armed conflict with Antrim.
The First Minister’s proclamation also intimated that King Meire deserved most of the credit for creating the peace, but added that he had to withdraw from public celebrations because the strain on his health had left him in a delicate condition. Knowing the facts, Nevin expressed concern about falsely crediting Meire. Corissa took him aside and patiently explained that it instills confidence in the citizenry when their leaders are honored in this way, irrespective of the work by underlings. Did he seriously expect Camrel’s proclamation to give credit to Antrim’s king? What mattered most was that a senseless, debilitating war was over, as was the witch hunt for mages. She assured him that Camrel knows how to edify her people and could be trusted.
Before they left Taunton, Camrel asked Nevin privately about radiation sickness. She said King Meire’s symptoms got noticeably worse after watching the creation of Stryker’s nuclear device. Apparently, he was doubtful it would do what Stryker predicted and wanted to see its making up close. For more than a week, she said, he suffered from terrible bouts of nausea and “flux.” Nevin felt he had to be honest with her, confirming the likeliness that Meire was suffering from acute radiation poisoning and might succumb very soon.
Camrel provided horses for the four travelers to make their return to Antrim. Though their pace was easy, there was little conversation among them. As their horses maintained an easy gait, each person had a lot to think about regarding the future.
Orris had lost his taste for soldiering, although nothing came to mind for a change in livelihood. He was not cut out for farming and had no other trade. He could probably serve in a ceremonial capacity for the palace guard, but he was done with uniforms and all they implied. He would keep his elvish sword, however. While he might not wear it, it would never be far away for all it meant to him.
Anson had no reservations about his calling. He would resume his role in Huxley, serving the townspeople with medicinal aid and moral support. He could move around more freely now to collect herbs and medicinals, and respond to ailments small and serious. That was familiar ground for him, but his kinship with Zamora and the High Mages was another thing entirely. She told him how to find her and promised to answer his questions about his origin and why they left him to make his own way. What else could this kinship bode for him, he wondered. The High Mages had some kind of council that assumed responsibility to observe the welfare of common folks, and that rose to a stewardship role when things grew dire. What would they expect of him now?
Corissa’s future was also certain. She would brief King Lucan on what happened in Gilsum and remain involved in working out a treaty. She might work behind the scenes or in the forefront, but she would work at her King’s right hand. She could not help feeling some smugness about her status in this outcome to counter the antipathy toward her from most of the men and women of the court. She would not let that recompense get the better of her; personal relationships never did. And that brought her thoughts back to Nevin, after putting it aside in the midst of their struggles. She knew he had feelings for her that could easily go beyond friendship. She did not where she stood on that. His large size was not an issue for her. He was clumsy and inexperienced with women, that was evident, but also decent, fair-minded and morally strong. What to do, she thought, what to do about that…
Nevin’s future was the least certain of all of them. Should he try to return to Hempstead? Every time he asked himself that question, he came up with the same answer: why? The more he thought about it, he was better off staying here. He did not have anything going for him back at the college. He was gradually coming to terms with his deliverance here, although he considered the ley line explanation still a weak theory. Plus, there were other experiences that still defied explanation and that interested him. He felt science could still be at the root of spellcasting; there was a lot to learn there, if he could experiment with it. No, he could not turn his back on that opportunity. And there was Corissa, too, but he was more uncertain about her than any of these other questions.
As Nevin silently nodded his decision, Corissa brought her horse alongside his and greeted him, “Nevin, I have a question for you.”
What timing, he thought. “Fire away. Uh…I mean, what’s on your mind.” He was sure she smirked at his clumsy response. She confirmed it with her reply, but at least she spoke quietly so the others did not overhear.
“It is not about us, Nevin. What came of the man from your land, Stryker?”
“Oh, John Stryker. I forgot all about him. I don’t know. It is a good guess he read the situation and took off. I’m pretty sure Camrel didn’t like him very much, so I presume he’s still around somewhere. Probably looking for an opportunity to better his welfare. It is surprising that Hillister didn’t say anything about him. Stryker showed himself to be a dangerous man.”
Corissa gave a nod of agreement and spurred her horse ahead, suggesting to Nevin she was in a hurry to get to Antrim.
* * *
At the end of the first day of travel, they gathered around a blazing campfire with no fears about giving away their presence. After small talk, Orris announced he had something important to say, “My friends, I am giving up the uniform. I still wish to serve Antrim and King Lucan, but it will have to be in a different calling. I do not know what that may be, but I will take some time to think about it.”
“That’s great, Orris. I hope it will bring you happiness and a longer life,” Nevin said. Anson and Corissa responded similarly.
“Thank you, but that means I will leave you in the morning so I can think about the future and my place in it. I am going to return to Glorhumm and seek out Swiggum. That daft dwarf told me he wants to see more of Antrim and how we humans live. Like me, he is ready to change his life around and I like his company.”
In the morning, Orris left for his rendezvous with Swiggum amid backslaps and mutual wishes of good luck. His colleagues turned their horses toward Antrim and made their way without incident.
* * *
“King Lucan requests your presence,” the page announced. Nodding at the waist with great formality, he pivoted gracefully and beckoned Nevin to follow. They walked quickly through the castle halls over marble floors until they reached the secured area that included the King’s living quarters. They passed through several rooms, all opulently furnished. The proliferation of lush rugs, wall hangings and draperies, with blue as the predominant color, made the décor garish for Nevin’s taste. He tried to contain his antipathy, knowing, at least vaguely, that he was a bit jealous. Finally, the page stopped at a door and gently knocked. When a voice beckoned, he opened the door; with a bow and a sweep of his arm, he directed Nevin to enter and closed the door behind him.
The room was quite different from any seen previously. It was a sitting room with comfortable chairs and a few small tables conveniently placed; it was less lavishly decorated and cheerfully lit by candles in wall sconces all around. Topping off the comfortable setting, King Lucan and Corissa sat in adjacent chairs, both obviously glad to see Nevin. Surprisingly, Lucan stood and said, “It is good to see you again, Sir. Come and sit with us. Shall I call you Sir Nevin or Mr. Reasoner?” The King wore dark green breeches and a white blouse with puffed sleeves, open at the neck. His head was uncovered, revealing curly brown hair, and he was barefoot. A fancy tea set sat steaming on a small table between the King and Corissa.
“Uh, call me Nevin. I don’t really like the ‘Sir’ business…um, your majesty.”
“Well, Nevin, in here you may call me Lucan. This room is my sanctuary and, similar to you, perhaps, this is where I can tone down the royalty ‘business.’ Would you care for a beverage?”
“No thank you, your—Lucan.”
“Then let us get to the state of things. Corissa told me about your travails, but in the end it has turned as well as possible, I suppose.” For the next hour, they discussed the events that transpired with the King outlining his plans for a treaty with Gilsum. He said, “Corissa will be handling the negotiations on my behalf while I tend to restoring order throughout Antrim. I want to offer Orris a role in that endeavor, since he no longer wishes to serve as a Guardsman. Anson has his own plans, mysterious as they are. What about you, Nevin? Would like to serve Antrim in some capacity?”
“Well, um, thanks for the offer. I’m not sure what I’m going to do. I could try to go back home, but I do like it here. A lot…actually. It’s a beautiful place, you know. Nice people and all…”
Nevin’s stammering seemed to make them all a little uncomfortable. Corissa tried to turn the conversation to small talk, but was not successful. Finally, Lucan stood, as did Corissa and Nevin, and the King offered, “I have some things I need to do, so you two may continue to share company, as you wish.” There may have been a hint of teasing in Lucan’s suggestion, but Nevin was pretty befuddled at the moment to figure it out.
As he moved closer and put an arm around Corissa and Nevin, Lucan said, “If you desire any refreshment, just ring for a servant. Nevin, you may have lodging here in the castle as long as you want, if that suits your plans. It is a small reward for all you have done.” Facing Corissa, he added, “My dear, we have talked enough for today. Get some rest and we will resume after court petitions tomorrow.” He leaned over and kissed Corissa lightly on the cheek and left the room.
The silence was instantly awkward between the two of them, both still standing. Corissa immediately tried to ease the tension by saying, “Would you like something to eat or drink, Nevin? Fruit, perhaps? Or something sweet?”
“No, that’s okay, Corissa. Um…It is nice to see you again. Lucan is a nice guy…Oh! I don’t mean to be disrespectful. I know he is a king and all that. He seems a lot more relaxed, and grateful, about all we went through. That was quite an adventure, wasn’t it.”
“Yes, and yes,” Corissa answered. She took a breath and suggested they both sit down. “Nevin, we need to talk about something.
“OK. Shoot.”
“Let us be blunt with each other, Nevin. I know we have an uncertain attraction between us. Well, maybe it is not so uncertain. What I mean to say is, I would like you to stay in Antrim and for us to be friends. If you seek more than friendship from me, I cannot feel that way in return without much thinking and time. I need time to do my duty for Lucan and Antrim. I need to resolve my anger and sadness over my husband’s death. But—I have learned from our adventure that I should move on with my life, not stay fixed on events past. We have a started a new age here and I want to see where that takes me and you. Do you understand?”
“Sure. I guess so. I get it. If you have something going with the King, I don’t want to interfere.”
“Oh, Nevin!” said Corissa, exasperated. “Is there such a thing as a stupid sage! Lucan is my liege, not a lover. He is happily married and I do not serve him in that way. Go, now. Before I forswear what I have told you.”
Corissa pointed at the door and Nevin demurely waved goodbye, adding, “Yeah, I’d better go. I need to check in with Anson, anyway. See you, probably…” Nevin quickly backed out, but his relief at ending the awkward moment was accented by the crash of crockery against the door.
* * *
The mage and sage sat at the table in the hut outside Huxley where they made their deliverance from Hempstead. Anson spoke, “Here we are, though this little “library” is far more modest than the one you left behind. Can you really give that up and all the other wonders to stay here?”
“Yes.” Nevin did not see any need to embellish his decision.
“That is good news,” Anson responded with a smile. “I have been thinking about a place for you. You can reside in this hut and we can ask the locals to add another building beside it.”
“What do you mean?”
“You said you were a professor once, and that is a kind of teacher as I recall. We have a need for a teacher such as you, Nevin. Let us build an Academy of the Alliance right here. We can train others to care for the sick and serve the towns and villages in Antrim using the art of magery and your sciences.”
“I don’t know, Anson. Seems a little far-fetched, doesn’t it?”
“Can you see any better way to study the relationship between spellwork and science?”
Nevin stared a moment at this question, then laughed hard. “The Academy for the Alliance, it is!”
End of Book 2
