
CONRAD
Published by LS Thorn at Smashwords
Copyright THORN-LS-2013

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

“All in all, it was a very enjoyable read, and I would like to read more of the hero's adventures. I enjoyed the book and recommend it to lovers of the genre.”

PROLOGUE

A few centuries ago, the aftermath of global warming had left Earth uninhabitable. Fortunately, humans had the situation under control… well, if you counted abandoning Earth in favour of a number of other planets that weren’t on the verge of complete destruction as being under control, that is.
These new planets were called Tharnon, Phortos and the conveniently named New Earth, affectionately known as 'Earth' to most of its inhabitants.


THARNON

Tharnon had long since been sold to a repulsive race of bipedal lizard-folk known as the D’moraec, in exchange for an ongoing supply of vital resources. 
The planet had initially been used as a dumping ground for prisoners convicted of anything higher than a level 1 crime, until the trade between the D’moraec and the humans brought with it a period of uncertainty about whether this would be able to continue. As it happened, the D’moraec were willing to let the humans continue to send lowlife scum to their newly acquired planet, on the condition that they could use them as slaves.
Finding no reason to disagree, Earth eventually agreed to the D’moraec demands, and after all the paperwork had been faxed back and forth a few times, the deal was eventually completed.
As a direct result of the deal with Earth, The D’moraec ended up developing a bit of a taste for slavery, (quite literally in most cases) and started accepting prisoners from all across the universe. Unfortunately for them, this led to Tharnon becoming overcrowded. People often spoke of the D’moraec and their inherent lack of forethought, and instances such as this served only to highlight just how poor they really were when it came to planning ahead.
Nevertheless, the D’moraec were unperturbed and decided to combat the problem by holding a mass cull on a weekly basis. 
Known officially as ‘Morta Horrendum,’ (which roughly translates into human language as ‘Horrible Death’) it shouldn’t take a genius to figure out how it got that name.
The rules were very basic. Held every Sunday straight after breakfast, the first three slaves to reach Mount Tharnon would be spared until the following Sunday, although no medals were awarded for individual positions. The rest would simply be eaten. It’s also worth mentioning that Mount Tharnon probably didn’t even exist.
Whilst this weekly cull started out as a way to reduce and control the population, it became increasingly popular with D’moraec settlers and had even been described by some keen onlookers as ‘excellent entertainment.’ 

NEW EARTH

New Earth had been split into three sectors; Alpha, Beta and Gamma. All the important decisions were made by The Global Council of New Earth, (or the G.C.N.E as it was known) who were a collection of representatives from each sector, picked entirely at random, who would meet every so often in order to discuss current affairs and consume biscuits. Council positions lasted for one year, at which point, new representatives would be chosen.
Many things on New Earth remained the same as they had been on Earth. Little things such as the price of a pint of milk, right up to the bigger things, such as marriage, education and the way it all looked. Before the mass exodus from Earth, many meetings were held in which humans kept going on about how they wanted the new planet to look like the old one so they could feel at home straight away. For this reason, New Earth was built with a definitive Old Earth feel, which made everybody very happy. To quote a group of early settlers, “Sweet Jesus, this looks exactly the same as Earth, well done guys.”
Some changes had been made however, with transport probably being the biggest. Initially, this hadn’t even been a consideration, but about half way into the journey from Earth over to New Earth, disaster struck.
A trainee pilot on-board a huge container ship that was carrying nothing but cars, went for a cigarette break out of the wrong door. By the time he had realised his mistake, the ship had near enough released all of its cargo into space, never to be recovered.
This turned out to be a popular mishap amongst groups of scientists, most of who were of the opinion that having Earth cars on New Earth would lead to fresh pollution, and would subsequently result in New Earth being abandoned in favour of New New Earth, were such a planet ever discovered.
The situation was made even worse when leading figures were informed that New Earth had no source of natural rubber in order to manufacture new wheels.
And so, after years of having to walk everywhere, a new air-powered, wheel-less hover car was unveiled to the delight of just about everybody. Some pockets of people were a bit miffed with this new development though, most notably the guys who had built all the roads, who frequently described their efforts as ‘a massive waste of time.’
This new planet-friendly technology also led to droids having to replace humans in many lines of work. For example, becoming a traffic warden was widely considered a job for a droid due to their ability to fly at great speeds and various heights. Humans were still unable to fly.
Great strides had also been made medically since the move. Artificial limbs were the order of the day, quite literally. Limbs could be made to order (within reason) and certain perks, alterations or enhancements could be added to existing ones (again, within reason.) This practice was referred to in most circles as ‘Perking.’ 
Perking was quite a simple concept, but was often confused with an even simpler practice known as ‘Updating.’
People updated themselves all the time.
If they wanted the latest news, they got updated. If they wanted to feel as though they had been receiving spa treatments all day, they got updated. If they wanted to be able to dance better, they got updated. If they had a headache, and so on and so forth… Updates were available at most leading supermarkets but were only effective on New Earth.
Perking was different. It was more of a skill, and usually had more of a long term effect, which is why it could only be done by people who had the required license. 
One or multiple codes (depending on the complexity of the enhancement) were entered into a machine known as a Perkolator, which would read said codes, compress the relevant information and then eject the finished product in tablet form. These tablets were then eaten by the patients and within minutes the specified body parts would be capable of performing whatever perk (or perks) had been chosen.
There were however certain laws in place which aimed to prevent a human becoming too ‘improved.’ When this procedure had initially been given the green light by the G.C.N.E, criminals took advantage in a bid to become impossible to catch. For example; notorious exotic plant thief, Barnaby Swale had altered his feet to such a degree that he couldn’t be caught using traditional methods. Luckily, twelve years after going on the run he eventually ended up turning himself in after suffering from serious bouts of ‘intense cramp.’



PHORTOS

The planet furthest away from ‘Old Earth,’ Phortos, had little contact with the other two planets. It was unclear why this was the case, but a team of experts had been tasked with finding out why, and if it was even still there.

From a distance, the universe looked like quite an uneventful place, but if you looked closely enough, you could find some frankly ordinary people doing some extraordinary things.
Take Conrad Donovan for example. A mild mannered citizen of New Earth, who after receiving a spot of bad news, made a rash decision that would change the course of his life forever.


Chapter 1


When I first found out that my fiancée had been murdered, I was upset, nay, distraught. I wanted to find who had done it and give them a real piece of my mind. I had never been one for confrontation, but I was willing to make an exception for something like this.
The officers that came to my apartment to deliver the news had told me that the murderer’s name was Erick Langer, and that he was to be deported from New Earth and taken to Tharnon at the next available opportunity. I was initially impressed with the speed with which they had caught him, but quickly became irritated by the lack of any information regarding her death. Why would they care though? They had caught the killer, so as far as they were concerned, their job had been done. 
I stood there on the day of his deportation, amidst a crowd of like-minded people that had gathered to hurl obscenities at the convicts as they boarded the prison ship known simply as ‘The Carrier.’ It was pouring with rain, and it was absolutely freezing, but my blood was boiling as I struggled to contain my emotions.
I had mixed feelings about Langer going to Tharnon. On one hand, I knew that I would be living in a much safer environment, but on the other hand I wanted to know why he had killed Kim and what had happened to her body. Most people in my situation would have been happy knowing that a murderer was on his way to a place often described as being worse than hell, but curiosity, coupled with an unquenchable thirst for truth, had already got the better of me.
The crowd started getting more vocal and boisterous as the convicts were paraded out of a holding chamber, each one cuffed and chained to the next in line. I didn’t think much of the boring grey boiler-suits they had been forced to wear, but I hadn’t gone to judge their attire; just their life choices. A specialist team of Alpha Guards ushered the prisoners up a ramp and into an entrance located on the underside of The Carrier. A loud cheer greeted each one as they disappeared into the ship.
Langer was next in line. 
Everything about him wound me up. His floppy brown hair. His twisted moustache. The unnecessarily arrogant way he walked. The strange ’M’ shaped scars on each of his cheeks… and the rest. He stared at me as he was forced past, almost as though he knew who I was, which did nothing to appease my already curious mind. 
How dare he stare at me with his murderous eyes?
With little to no thought for consequence, I slipped out of the crowd and surreptitiously ambled around to the side of The Carrier in search of another way in. Soon enough, I came across two men dressed in overalls, carrying a large bucket that they had pulled out of a small hatch on the side of the ship. A hatch they had left open. Now, I had a basic knowledge of space craft, thanks in part to a magazine I had subscribed to as a child which often came free with scaled down versions of various space vehicles. I remembered that this particular hatch, on this particular craft, housed a fuel duct, and it would lead me straight into the engine room where I would gain access to the rest of the ship. 
So, I hid behind a wall as I waited for them to pass, then when I was happy that they were far enough away not to see me , I squeezed into the tiny hole and rather ungracefully began to work my way up the metallic tunnel. I made a hell of a lot of noise in the process as my boots collided with the panels every time I hoisted myself up, but then, shifting upwards through metallic tubes had never been a regular thing for me, so I wasn’t entirely surprised. Anyhow, I continued to climb. It was pitch black, and the higher I went, the slippier it got. This was my first indication that something might have gone wrong. The second came when it started to smell a lot like the inside of a toilet. I started to panic slightly; for two reasons. Firstly, if I was wrong about which hatch I had entered, then despite my previous level of confidence, I actually had no idea whereabouts on the ship I would end up. A variety of unnerving visions came and went, mostly consisting of me tumbling out of the pipe, only to be accosted by a group of unforgiving guards with massive weapons and no reason not to fire them. I tried to invent a reasonable explanation just in-case my fears came true, but there is not an awful lot you can say to a room full of guards who have just watched you climb out of a toilet and into a restricted area.
Secondly, and perhaps the main reason I had got so het up was the knowledge that as long as I remained in the pipes, I was effectively a sitting duck. A duck that at any given moment could be showered by the digested aftermath of a guard’s supper.
I wanted to get out as fast as I could, but just a matter of metres beneath me, I heard the voices of the two men from earlier. They slotted the big bucket back into its holder at the end of the pipe and then spoke about their families for ages. I found this hugely frustrating because all the time they were jabbering on, I had to hold my position so as not to be discovered, which was particularly challenging as my arms were dangerously close to going into spasm. As I waited, with my hands and feet pressed against the sides of the tubing, I couldn’t help but think that my efforts would have impressed any spiders who, for whatever reason, might have been watching me at the time. Finally, I heard the door slam shut, followed by one of the men shouting.
“Shitter’s ready.”
But before I’d had chance to digest that nugget of information, the deafening roar of an engine filtered through the pipe and the ship slowly began to ascend. 
Soon afterwards, the whirring of the engine had calmed, but in its place was a quiet yet constant buzz; the buzz of a ship that had ceased ascending, and had started travelling forwards at quite an alarming pace. I had also started travelling at an alarming pace, but operating at the other end of the ‘alarming’ scale. My limbs were weak after all the climbing I’d been doing and my progress had been stunted significantly, but just as I thought about giving up and sliding back down into the waste collection bucket, I saw a light at the end of the chute.
Hand on heart, I had never entered a room through a toilet before, and I didn’t really know how to go about it. I eventually narrowed it down to two options; spectacularly or stealthily. Spectacularly would involve me lifting up the seat and bursting out in the hope that any guards in the immediate vicinity might be so confused by what they had witnessed that they were unable to function properly. This was my least favoured option. Stealthily seemed more suited to my character, but then, I wasn’t entirely sure that I knew what my character was anymore. 
I opted for stealth.
With the top of my head, I slowly raised the toilet flap and peered out, but it was too dark to see properly. I lowered my head and retreated back to the inner sanctum of the bowl once again, but not for very long, as I’d had an idea.
I peeped out again, and whispered.
“Is anybody there?”
What is a reasonable amount of time to give somebody to respond to a whisper from the inside of a toilet? I didn’t know either, but I gave it close to a minute before deeming it safe to climb out.
Thankfully, I didn’t find anybody waiting for me, guards or otherwise. What I did find however, were piles of spare uniforms and grey boiler-suits, crammed into boxes in a way that showed a complete lack of disrespect to whoever had had to do all the ironing. There were also masks hung on the walls, an inconveniently locked door and rather surprisingly, on a rack propped up against one of the other walls were a selection of guns. I picked up a stun pistol and concealed it in the inside pocket of my jacket; I wasn’t taking any chances. I had never really fired a weapon in anger, or under the influence of any other emotion, but from what I had seen on TV, it looked remarkably simple. 
Hours passed. 
Partly due to the sleep deprivation I had encountered over the last few days, and partly due to being intensely bored, a succession of very surreal thoughts entered my head. Of course, my situation hadn’t been helped by the fact that there was a flashing red light in the corner of the room which was no doubt the primary source of my mild hallucinations. During this troubling period, I wondered what I would look like with a moustache similar to Langer’s, and what I would do if I was chosen to be a part of the Global Council.
Would I use the power I would gain from such a position to make the moustache mandatory? 
Even for women and children? 
Sobering thoughts I think it’s fair to say.
Soon after the last of these bizarre dreams, I found myself curled up next to the box of uniforms, almost wanting to be found. In my defence, I hadn’t eaten for a very long time and both mentally and physically, my condition was atrocious. I even started singing to myself in an attempt to boost morale, but in truth it was mainly just painful, both for my ears and my throat. 
Had I gone about my business as usual, I would have been at home, getting ready to go to work where I would have spent the day sat at my Perkolator, programming and repairing limbs. Instead, I was stuck in some kind of waste disposal come storage room, with no plan, nothing to eat, an intense migraine caused by the relentless flashing and a real-life weapon stuffed inside my jacket.
What the hell was I playing at?
Three or four days later - I was still well and truly in hiding. I had stayed awake the whole time which had seemed like a good idea to begin with, but as time progressed, it became glaringly obvious that it was actually quite a poor idea, as I grew increasingly aware that I was no longer responsible for a lot of what my body had started doing.
My eyes were red hot and quite possibly bleeding; I tried checking but my hands stopped working each time they approached my face. My head rocked from side to side as I giggled uncontrollably, but there was nothing even remotely amusing about my situation. I felt a relaxing tingle creep slowly over my skin, like when you get into a bath and the water is still too hot, but without the clean feeling you usually get afterwards. The noises leaving my mouth were doing so of their own accord. I didn’t even know I was physically capable of making some of them. For a while, I pawed hopefully against the door, but this only served to waste the last of my already limited energy and eventually I fell completely powerless, and ultimately to sleep. 
The next thing I knew, I was waking up in a room not too unlike where I had just been, although I was under no illusions; it was a cell, and I had been found. 
Apparently, one of the guards had spilt soup on his uniform after misjudging how well the lid had been pressed down on his disposable cup, and as he entered the storage room in search of clean garments, he had found me curled up in a ball at the foot of the door. Needless to say he had reclaimed the stun pistol too; that won’t have done me any favours.
I explored my new environment, which didn’t take long as there was barely even room to lay down. I did come across a small screen built into one of the walls that I initially hoped might be a television.
But why would it be a television?
I’d stood next to it for a good few minutes trying to figure out where the power switch was, before realising that it probably wasn’t that at all. I looked around the room sheepishly, trying to establish whether anybody had been watching me, but thankfully it appeared as though my idiocy had gone undetected. 
No sooner had I turned my back on the screen than it had switched itself on and a pre-recorded message of an old, confused looking man played a few times before it switched itself back off again. 
“Please… make your way to the food hall,” the old man muttered.
This was music to my ears as I hadn’t eaten for ages; not knowingly at least. God knows what they had put inside me whilst I’d been asleep.
The door to my cell slid open and I stepped out into a corridor which had already started to fill up with prisoners, all bustling towards a large door at the opposite end. Langer was right at the front of the queue already. I watched him closely as he picked up a bowl of disgusting looking food and then sat down at a table, alone.
I got to thinking, maybe this was an ideal time for me to ask him why he murdered my fiancée?
There were plenty of people around in-case he got all angry and started hitting me, so I plucked up some courage and walked over to his table in the most macho way I could. The problem was, I’ve never considered myself a macho person, and so as I attempted to strut across the room with all the chutzpah of a happy cat, I couldn’t help but think that it probably looked more like I had been suffering from some kind of bad injury. 
As I sat down, I began to feel a little nervous. I had never knowingly spoken to a murderer before. 
Did I really want my first time to be whilst attempting to enjoy a bowl of cold porridge?
In truth, I honestly couldn’t have cared less about what we were eating. I had come this far and I owed it to myself to hear the truth.
“What did you do to Kim?” I asked. “I know it was you who killed her.”
I tried to sound intimidating, but I think my nerves were too obvious. He looked up at me slowly, laughed and then slammed his hands down on the table in an extremely menacing fashion. I would probably have laughed at me too, if I were him.
He looked me directly in the eyes and his laughter abruptly stopped. His moustache twitched as he began to answer my question, and everybody knows that a man with a twitchy moustache is a man who means business.
“You don’t know how lucky you are,” he said, shaking his head disapprovingly.
He was visibly very agitated, and he demonstrated this further by standing up, throwing his chair across the floor and walking back to his cell. Well it was safe to say I didn’t have a clue what he was talking about. I tried thinking of situations where having a dead fiancée could have been beneficial, but there were very few, and none of them applied to me. 
Langer's somewhat irrational antics had left the food hall silent. Some of the other prisoners were looking at me and shaking their heads in disgust. Some of them even tutted. 
"What did you do that for?" One of them asked.
"You're a real piece of work," mumbled another, as I trudged back to my cell, rosy cheeked and brimming with shame.
That evening, I was laid on the floor underneath the paper thin sheet that had been provided in my cell. I was amazed that anybody could produce material as thin as what I’d been given, but I guess it was better than nothing. I still couldn’t figure out why Langer thought I was lucky, but I hoped that I would find out sooner rather than later. Earlier in the day I had overheard some of the guards mentioning that we would be allowed off the ship in the morning as we had to stop at a fuelling station. Even prisoners who had been sent to die a horrible death on Tharnon had basic human rights; at least until they arrived. I planned on using the time off ship to try and squeeze some more information out of Langer. 
The next morning, I was rudely awoken from my sleep by the old, confused man. He was on the screen again telling me that I needed to wake up and go for some breakfast. I found him quite annoying; much worse than a regular alarm clock, but as far as I could tell, the guards were simply not interested in receiving any constructive criticism or feedback.
As before, I took my place in the corridor that was once again crammed full of prisoners, pushing and shoving like impatient cattle as they waited for the food hall door to open. Langer was there again, sat alone at the same table, eating something that looked equally as disgusting as last time. I picked up a bowl anyway, and set off to find a table of my own, but on my way past he grabbed my arm and told me to sit down.
“You… you’re such an idiot,” he said venomously. 
He was probably right, nay, he was definitely right, but I didn’t think his jibe was called for.
"You shouldn’t be here,” he said. “You have jeopardised the whole thing. You’ve made my job twice as hard as it needed to be.” 
“What are you talking about?” I asked. “What job?”
“There’s an Old Earth saying about curiosity and cats you know? If I don’t kill you first, you should read up on it."
“If you are going to kill me, at least have the decency to tell me what happened back on Earth.”
“If you want answers, find me when we get to the fuelling station later. And don’t hang around,” he instructed.
“Why should I trust you?” I asked. 
"Good question. Put it this way, if you don’t, you'll die on Tharnon like the rest of them."
Well that was all the reasoning I needed. I had never been keen on the idea of death. Like a lot of things, it terrified me.
We didn’t have long to wait before we arrived at the fuelling station. There was a guard stood by the exit ramp giving out masks so that we could all breathe outside the ship which was nice, but the same guard was also handing out magnetic boots to make sure none of us could escape, which did detract slightly from his initial kind gesture.
I put the mask on, fastened the boots and walked down the ramp. I found it very difficult to move at first, but a quick glance around revealed that I wasn’t the only one struggling. There were a few dozen prisoners on board and most of them were having the same issues as me, but to be fair, nobody was born with a natural ability to walk well in magnetic shoes.
The fuelling station looked a bit like a pyramid would if all its sides had been peeled open. There was a square base which was where the ship had landed and then four triangular frames sticking out from each side at an angle of about twenty degrees. There was a small tower with a satellite dish on top and then a few huge tanks of fuel… obviously.
“10 minutes,” a guard shouted. It was unclear to me exactly how the prisoners would benefit from being let out. There were probably more restrictions outside than inside the ship, and the bitterly cold space air was an absolute bastard on the lungs. Maybe if I had been a genuine criminal it would have felt a bit better?
I searched around for Langer. My instructions were to find him and not hang around, but I couldn’t spot him anywhere, and because of that, I’d inadvertently started to hang around. 
Everybody looked the same. We all had grey suits and masks on. How was I supposed to know which one he was? Then it became obvious. He was the one separated from the rest of them, as usual.
He was waiting at the end of one of the triangular frames, looking into the sky as though he knew something was about to happen. I started walking as quickly as my boots would let me, wondering what he would have to say.
“We’re leaving,” was my answer.
“What?” I asked. “Already?”
It hadn’t felt like 10 minutes. I turned around to see if the rest of the prisoners were getting back onto the ship, but they weren’t. 
“What do you mean we’re leaving?” I asked. “All the other guys are still dossing about.”
“That’s because they are staying.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Do you want to go to Tharnon? Do you know what they do there?”
“No! God no! I mean I’ve heard rumours, but no I don’t want to go,” I stuttered.
“Then stop asking questions, and trust me. You see that big button on the back of your boots? The one with a cross on it.”
“Yes.” I replied, looking down.
“If you press that, your boots will unlock and you will start floating into space.”
“Well that’s ridiculous? Why go to the trouble of locking the prisoners down only for there to be a button you can press to get out?”
“The big cross is usually enough to stop people pressing it.”
“So should I press it now then?”
“Not yet. Wait for my word.”
“What if I just float away?”
“Don’t worry, I’ll hold your hand,” he said. I couldn’t tell if he was being sarcastic.
“Won’t the guards see us?” 
“Maybe, but it will be too late for them to react by the time they notice what’s going on.”
“And what exactly is going on?”
“We’re leaving.” He repeated sternly. 
I could tell by the way he breathed heavily through his nostrils that he was suppressing a large amount of rage. He was probably sick of all my questions, but I still had a few more for him.
“But why are you taking me?”
“I’ll explain on the ship.”
“The ship? I thought we were leaving.”
“Not that ship; my ship, I’ve arranged us a lift, now can you stop talking and get ready to press your button, I'm almost considering leaving you here.”
I decided it would be best to honour his request and stood there silently waiting for my next orders. I had a quick look into the vast nothingness of space whilst I had the chance. I had never been anywhere like it before and I started to feel an overwhelming sense of freedom, which was strange as I was technically a prisoner.
I turned my thoughts to Langer. He didn’t actually seem too bad, for a murderer. And if he followed through on his promise to get me off the prison ship, that probably made us even, right? 


Wrong.
The next thing I remembered was coming round in a bed, looking up to see Langer and two women looking down on me, one a brunette and the other a redhead, dressed from head to toe in leather jumpsuits.
“Where am I?” I asked.
“Hello Mr Donovan, how do you feel?” replied the redhead.
“A little dazed… light headed, I ache a bit… what happened? Where am I?” 
“He loves asking questions,” quipped Langer, who seemed remarkably chipper considering how agitated and stressed he had been on The Carrier.
“You’re on-board the MSS-Phoenix, the most revered space shuttle from our home planet of Moros,” the brunette advised. “You’re currently in the recovery chamber, you had a little accident, do you remember?”
I couldn’t remember what had happened, but luckily Langer was on hand to remind us all.
“We were stood on the fuelling station, do you remember that much?”
“Hmmm, it rings a bell.”
 “Good, so, you were silent just like I had asked and we waited for a while until the guard shouted us all back onto the ship. At this point I pressed the big button on my boots and told you to do the same. Well, you pressed yours but nothing happened. You pressed it again but still nothing happened, in fact I distinctly remember you telling me that you felt like they were getting tighter, and you started to panic and hyperventilate slightly; it was quite awkward to watch. Anyway, I was holding onto your arms so I didn’t float away without taking you with me, but all the fuss and commotion had obviously caught the attention of one of the guards. Thankfully my colleagues here had already arrived and were expertly positioned just above us with the tractor beam on. They tried to beam us up, but the magnetic force of the boots was too strong. We were desperately pulling you, trying to free you from the boots, but it seemed useless. You were close to fainting, and it was only made worse when we started to hear a loud beeping sound. You see, the boots they made us wear are fitted with explosives which can be detonated by any guard at the push of a button if a prisoner were to try anything funny, and what we were doing definitely fell into that category. Under normal circumstances, you would have been blasted so far into space, it would have been impossible to locate you. However, on this occasion, you were already within the field of our tractor beam, and you were therefore only blasted a few metres towards the ship.”
“Thank god!” I said in a somewhat celebratory fashion.
“Hooray,” Langer said half-heartedly. This mediocre response coupled with the false smiles they were all wearing made me think that all was possibly not as it seemed. 
“Conrad, there was a bit of bad news too,” Langer announced, which instantly wiped the smile off my face. “You’ve got no legs.”
Now, I was aware that if I had remained on The Carrier I would have ended up on Tharnon and lost more than just a limb or two, but still, being told you have got no legs is a genuinely unpleasant experience.
“Right, well, do you have any spares?”
“Yes we do, Mr Donovan,” answered the red haired woman.
I paused for a moment thinking that she might continue, but it wasn’t to be and she just stared at me for ages.
“Is there any chance I could have a couple?”
“In good time Donovan, we’re not in any rush,” claimed Langer. “Let’s make sure the rest of you recovers first, eh?”
With that they all walked out of the room. I lifted the sheets that were covering me and looked down at where my legs should have been. It wasn’t a very pleasant sight. I was obviously grateful that they had saved my life, but it was a real bloody mess down there, they could have at least cleaned up a bit.
Later on, I was laid patiently in bed when Langer returned holding a pair of legs.
“Look what I found,” he said. “Do you feel well enough to program them yourself or do you want me to have a go?”
It might have just been because of the downbeat mood I was in but hearing him ask if I wanted him to ‘have a go’ did not fill me with much confidence.
“I’ll do it myself, thanks.”
“Ok, well the girls will attach them for you and when you’re ready, just touch this screen to start.”
He pulled a monitor over to my bedside. It was a lot like the ones I used on Earth, so I was fairly confident.
“I’ll see you when you wake up,” he said, and I felt a needle piercing my skin, then once again my eyelids slowly closed and everything went black. 
When I returned to a conscious state, the first thing I did was have a look at my new legs just to make sure everything had gone smoothly. I’d heard some horrific stories about people being fitted with dodgy limbs back on Earth, not intentionally of course, which possibly made it more concerning. However, I was relieved to see that the women had done quite a good job; you couldn’t tell that I’d had my original ones obliterated. Of course, I was still a bit blurry from the sedation, but even so, I was happy with what they had done.
Now it was my turn to faff around.
I had often toyed with the idea of perking myself in such a way that meant I would be more powerful and more useful than I had been previously. For example, I could have given myself stronger arms or faster legs, but I had never really found a good enough reason to do so, certainly none good enough for me to consider breaking the law. 
Well, I didn’t really know where in the Universe we were anymore, but it certainly wasn’t Earth. I was unsure whether there were any such laws outside my home planet, but I decided to bring up the menu which listed all the pre-set enhancements and had a look anyway. 
After a few minutes of internally debating the pros and cons of being able to jump over small buildings or the ability to bend my knees both ways, I decided that a return to my original form was probably safest for everybody, so I scrolled back to the ‘no perks’ option, typed in the basic coding for regular human usage and pressed confirm.
‘Are you sure you wish to confirm?’ read the message flashing across the screen. 
“Yes,” I muttered to myself as I pressed confirm again. I waited a few seconds and then two small tablets dropped out of a tube at the side of the screen.
I swallowed one, and felt it getting to work almost immediately.
“How are you feeling Mr Donovan?” 
The women re-entered the chamber, and startled me with their innocent question.
“I’m feeling fine now, thanks. Great legs by the way.” I said whilst rubbing on my new thighs.
“Why thank you Mr Donovan,” they said in unison whilst looking at each other and smiling coyly. It was only later on that I realised how my comments had sounded more like a cheesy compliment, as opposed to what I had actually meant which was that they had done a great job rebuilding my legs.
Not surprisingly, the two women left me alone again, so I rolled off the bed for the first time in what felt like forever and started walking around the room. They seemed fine; a bit stiff in places, but that was to be expected. I decided to give my new legs their first test, and left the recovery chamber in order to search for Langer.
One thing was for sure, the MSS-Phoenix was a very big ship. I walked around for some time without crossing paths with anybody, at which point I realised I didn’t even know how many people were on-board, and for a brief yet extremely worrying period, I was convinced it was just me. 
After working my way around the maze of corridors I came across what looked like the control room. Thankfully Langer was sat down in a comfortable looking chair in front of a huge window, literally staring into space.
There was an empty seat next to him, so I moved to sit down with the intention of finally getting him to explain what on New Earth was going on, but I had a problem. Despite my best efforts, I couldn’t physically sit down.
I could feel Langer staring at me as I closed my eyes and relaxed my breathing, hoping that a bit of concentration would help. It wasn’t unheard of for newly programmed legs to have teething problems. In fact, there were certain places on New Earth where you could get a pair of legs that actually had teeth of their own, but that’s something else altogether. I had another try, but once again, I remained completely upright.
For some reason, I was incapable of bending my knees, and I was painfully aware that Langer had absolutely no idea why I was stood next to him grimacing and sighing; he must have thought I’d lost my mind. 
“Are you… alright?” he asked curiously.
“Yes, I’m fine,” I said, somewhat defiantly, as I tried to catch my breath.
Then the grimace faded and I stopped straining as it slowly began to dawn on me what had happened. I hadn’t taken my second tablet, as I’d been distracted by the two women when they came in to check how I was doing. Now my legs were functioning sans bend, as they simply didn’t know any other way. 
I thought back to when I had done all my training, and remembered somebody telling me about a temporary override to be used in rare situations when codes were rejected by the body. This was a little different, but it had to be worth a try.
“LEGS!” I shouted at the top of my voice.
Langer jumped out of his skin.
“LEGS!”
Apparently, shouting at an unresponsive body part was supposed to make it briefly perform as normal, but I couldn’t help but think that the guy who had shared that wisdom with me might perhaps have been having me on.
Much to Langer’s relief, I stopped shouting, and slumped onto the empty seat with my legs sticking out at a right angle.
“So are you going to tell me what’s going on now?” I asked, as though the last few minutes had never happened.
“I suppose I should,” he replied, somewhat reluctantly. 
I knew that whatever plan they had concocted hadn’t involved me in any way. I was the fly in their ointment. The spanner in their works. The man with uncooperative legs in their control room. 
“First of all, I want you to know that I’m sorry about Kim, I’m sorry for what you think you lost that day, but she wasn’t entirely what you thought.” He explained apologetically.
“What do you mean?”
 “Conrad, Kim wasn’t human; she was a shape-shifter that had been sent to New Earth by her leader, Morag. These shifters are part of an organisation intent on wreaking havoc across the universe and they are notoriously difficult to track down, so when the chance to take her out came along, I damn well took it. Her real name wasn’t even Kim, it was Seliza, and she had been building super powered body parts with your Perkolator, and shipping them out via her associates, who are still at large somewhere in one of the sectors. Their ultimate goal is to build a super army capable of destroying multiple planets, but nobody knows why. I’ve heard that Morag is a touch unstable which might explain some of it, but she has never gone public with an official reason. Also, they seem happy to use any spare parts they find lying around, just as long as whatever it is can be perked beyond belief."
“Seliza? Super army? Morag? This doesn’t make sense… if she wasn’t human, why did she come to Earth and agree to marry me?”
“Well, New Earth is possibly the most inconspicuous planet around, and it already had the facilities that enabled her to just waltz right in and get on with her mission. As for her relationship with you, well I’m sorry to say that it was most likely a sham; a way of helping her blend into her surroundings so to speak. She was just trying to lead as normal a life as she could so as not to draw attention to herself. She could have chosen anybody, but probably chose you because of your line of work and because you are quite gullible. You probably helped her create some of this army without even realising what you were doing.”
I was lost for words. I had never considered myself gullible.
“Once again,” he continued. “I’m sorry, but these shape-shifters don’t really feel any emotion, it was probably her plan all along. Unfortunately for you, you were the one caught up in it all.”
“So who are you then?” I asked. “Are you really who you say you are?”
“Well you’ll be glad to know that my real name is Erick Langer, so there are no surprises for you there. I belong to a group called ‘The Peacekeepers’ who are primarily based on Moros, but we have pockets based in various other galaxies too. The people of Moros believe that war will one day result in the end of the universe, and as we are all born with a natural instinct and desire to protect others, we believe it is also our duty to prevent such conflict before it has a chance to develop into something much bigger than we can deal with.”
“I have to say, you don’t strike me as being very peaceful at all,” I claimed.
“We will take whatever measures are necessary in order to prevent conflict. If that means taking people out in order to save many thousands more, then so be it. We are safeguarding the Universe remember, we can’t be responsible for every living thing, and believe me, taking out Seliza was vital, but we’re far from completing that mission. My colleagues in the other sectors on New Earth are still tracking their targets, waiting for the right moment to step in and take action, unlike myself, who underestimated the Alpha Police Force and ended up on that blasted Carrier.”
“So did anybody know who you were on New Earth?”
 “Nobody. As far as they were concerned I was just another citizen. We try not to get caught, obviously, it always makes things more complicated, but of course, it doesn’t always work out like that and you just have to deal with what comes your way. For example, I’m not used to all the rules and traditions on New Earth, and because of that, I ended up breaking a lot of them and I was hit with a string of level 1 warnings as a result. Anyway, I had started making a name for myself and the notoriety wasn’t something I wanted, so I did what I had to do and stepped up my game. Luckily, we Morosians are also very thorough people and we like to plan for every circumstance. I knew there was a chance it could go sour, so I made a plan just in-case. That plan involved me being intercepted by my crew once we arrived on the fuelling dock. What none of us could foresee was needing to draft you into it.”
“Yes, well… I’m sorry about that, but if you had explained all this back on Earth then I wouldn’t have got in your way,” I said defensively, folding my arms. 
“I couldn’t risk saying anything on Earth; it could have put the whole mission at risk. Can you imagine how you would have felt if a man you’d never met, from a planet you’d never heard of, told you that he was going to kill your girlfriend because she wasn’t human. You’d think he was insane, and most likely do everything in your power to stop him, right? In which case you would have become a target yourself.”
What Langer said seemed to make a lot of sense and I did feel quite guilty about the role I had played in all of it. Guilty and upset that the last few years had been a ginormous waste of time. If things had worked out a little differently, the whole situation could easily have snowballed out of control and left me in the history books as the man who jeopardised the future of the universe. If I had to go down in history for anything, I’d much prefer it to be for something a lot less shameful.
“Where does this leave me?” I asked. “What am I supposed to do now?”
“For now you should stay with us. We haven’t figured out what is best for you just yet, although you should probably forget about a return to Earth for the time being. Our sources indicate you’re a wanted man after you escaped The Carrier and went on the run.”
“That’s understandable I guess,” I said, grinning with bitter acceptance.
“Ah yes, whilst we’re on the subject, there’s some interesting news regarding the D’moraec.”
“What about them?”
“The Carrier landed on Tharnon yesterday, and they were a human short, so as you can imagine, they weren’t best pleased.”
“Should I be worried about that?” I asked. “I don’t feel overly worried about it, but the look on your face tells me I should probably be worried. They don’t know where we are, do they?”
Langer laughed the laugh of a man who was only laughing to emphasize how seriously unfunny the situation was.
“Just you leave the worrying to us for now. Go and get yourself a warm beverage and make yourself at home, I’ve got some thinking to do.”
Langer showed me to my new room and then left to get on with his important thinking. 
I understood perfectly why it was such a popular ship; the rooms rivalled any you could find in the most expensive hotels on Earth and it looked exceptionally clean. The duvets were twice as thick as my own, and the single flower resting in what looked like a champagne flute was a touch of brilliance. And the carpet… good gracious, it was like walking on a cloud.
Maybe living out my life on board the Phoenix would actually be alright?
A few hours later there was a knock on my door.
“Come in,” I shouted. By this point I was laid down on the bed with my legs pointing vertically towards the ceiling after another minor altercation.
The two women walked through the door.
“Hi Mr Donovan, Erick sent us to collect you,” advised the brunette.
“Did he not fancy coming himself?” I joked whilst cracking a wry smile.
“He said he would send us to soften the blow.”
This suddenly sounded ominous, although his logic was entirely correct; it was hard to think that bad news could exit the mouths of these beautiful women. Regardless, I wasn’t interested in how soft any imminent blow might be, I didn’t want to be on the receiving end of any blow, full stop.
“Why, what’s wrong now?” I said in a strop.
“We don’t know. Why don’t you ask Erick? Come, follow us.”
 I followed them out of the room and back through all the corridors I had got lost in earlier.
“Do you ladies have names?” I asked, in a bid to break what had become a very awkward silence
“Yes,” they replied, again in unison.
I found it strange that they kept answering together, and even stranger that they never seemed to elaborate on anything. 
“What are they?” I continued, trying to move the conversation along.
“I’m Jessie,” answered the redhead, “and I’m Jessie,” replied the brunette.
“You’re both called Jessie?”
“Yes.”
Conversations with the two Jessie’s were extremely hard work, so I decided against taking this particular conversation any further.
Fortunately for me, the silence didn’t have to go on for too long as we soon walked into Langer’s office. 
“Donovan, sit down,” said Langer, obviously forgetting about the trouble I’d been having. I looked around at Jessie and Jessie who were stood by the door, wearing innocent smiles as always. I didn’t want them to know about my legs, it was humiliating.
“I’d rather stand if it’s all the same.”
“As you wish,” he said, “Now, you’re probably wondering why I called you back to the office. Well, we have news, and it’s not good.”
I had hoped that it might have been something trivial. 
Had we run out of Coffee? 
Were the duvets the wrong tog?
Was that flower in my room for somebody else? 
I was way off.
“As you know, the D’moraec were quite unhappy about their incomplete delivery.”
“Yes, you mentioned that.”
“Well,” he continued. “They’re not the most rational of creatures, and they saw this as an insult. That said, they find most things insulting, but this appears to be slightly worse than we had anticipated. They have demanded that New Earth resolves the matter within the next two days.”
“Or what?” I asked.
“Or they will cut all ties to New Earth for good. The sectors won’t be able to function without the resources the D’moraec provide. Billions of lives will be at risk.”
“I see, well what exactly do they want?”
“They want me. I was officially the human that they never received,” he explained.
“What about me? I was never delivered either.”
“Ah, but you see, technically they were never expecting you. Don’t get me wrong, you would have been a lovely surprise, but you were never on the official delivery list that was sent to Tharnon in advance.”
“So what will you do? Are you going to go?”
“Well, after giving it a lot of thought, and speaking with my commander, we came to the conclusion that you should go to Tharnon instead.”
I laughed in disbelief.
“Me? That doesn’t make any sense. They want you!” 
“Conrad, they want Erick Langer. As long as someone turns up claiming to be me, they’ll never know otherwise. It’s a perfect plan!” He said with arms aloft.
“Yes, it’s perfect for you, it’s not ideal for me though is it! All those awful things you were telling me about Tharnon on The Carrier, and now you want me to go voluntarily?”
“Don’t worry; we’ll devise a rescue plan to try and get you out before anything truly terrible happens.”
Well this just didn’t seem fair to me. I’m not afraid to admit that I cried a little bit as I stood, propping myself up on Langer’s desk. He might as well have just said ‘Conrad, we’re sick of you now, so we’re going to take you to be eaten by one of those big lizard men I was telling you about on The Carrier.’
“You should sort them out before you go,” instructed Langer, pointing at my legs. “The D’moraec are not as understanding as we are.”
I could hear the two Jessie’s sobbing away behind me. It seemed as though they had already made their minds up about my chances of survival, and by the looks of it, they had given me about as much chance as I had given myself.
“We’ll drop you off in the morning,” Langer announced. He had to raise his voice in order to make himself heard over all the crying. It was quite an emotional moment. “You should go now and get some rest. You’re going to need it.”
“I don’t want to go,” I said. “You should go; you’re much better at this kind of thing than I am, it’s what you do.”
“Conrad, you should really be thanking me for giving you a heads up. My commander wanted us to dump you on Tharnon whilst you were asleep and then forget about you forever. Besides, if I went myself, who would rescue me? You? I think not.”
“What about the girls? They could come and get you, like before.”
“There is just one problem with that suggestion; the girls aren’t licensed to fly in Tharnon’s air space. Do you know what the punishment is for being caught flying around Tharnon with no license?”
“No.”
“You get sent to Tharnon. These girls wouldn’t last five minutes down there. Now, please, trust me when I say that this way is best for everybody.”
I walked back to my room alone. I couldn’t face being escorted back by the Jessie’s what with my puffy eyes and the lines where tears had surged down my face and subsequently dried. Part of me hoped I would get lost in the maze of corridors again; forever maybe, but it never happened, and I actually found my room more easily than on any previous occasion.
The next hour was spent pacing around the room, worrying about all the things that the D’moraec might do to me on Tharnon. Maybe I could just tell them the truth? Dob Langer in, make friends with the D’moraec and live on Tharnon forever as some kind of New Earth confidant. 
Probably not.
One thing was for sure; I needed to fix my unbendable legs, which gave me an idea.
Once again, I entered the recovery chamber where I’d carried out the first attempt. If I was going to have to go to Tharnon, I wanted to make sure I had the best chance of survival I could possibly have. I could always re-programme myself before I returned to Earth, assuming I would ever be allowed back. 
First things first, I sorted out the basics. I didn’t want any more silliness in front of the D’moraec. 
Then I started to reconsider the perks. I still couldn’t envisage a situation where I would need to bend my legs both ways, so I didn’t bother with that one, although having recently experienced what it was like to have legs that didn’t bend at all, I did find it very tempting. I did however double my top speed and vastly increased my jumping distance, just in-case.
Whilst I had the opportunity, I thought I might as well play around and improve the rest of me too.
I came out of that room with improved upper body strength, night vision and an extremely powerful jaw. I don’t fully know why I chose these perks. Perhaps subconsciously I had developed an irrational fear of over cooking some beef during a power cut.
It wasn’t pleasant having to swallow so many of those coding tablets but I hoped it would be for the best. What I really needed now was a good sleep. 

There was no sure fire way of knowing whether it was morning or not, as the Sun was a number of galaxies away and it had been dark outside since I’d first woken up in the recovery chamber, but I was awake nonetheless. I'd had a terrible night as far as sleep goes. Too many thoughts about Tharnon had led to me twisting and turning emphatically and eventually it reached a point where I was just too sweaty to get comfortable. I had a dreadful feeling in the pit of my stomach. My response to this feeling was coffee; I planned on being alert if nothing else.
I had wanted to take a gentle stroll around the ship before alighting, but the newly added strength in my legs had meant that it became more of a brisk walk. Even so, it killed off some time and on my travels I bumped into Langer who had just woken up himself.
"Sleep well?" He asked
"No, bit restless really."
He went on to tell me how well he had slept, before badly misreading my situation.
"Are you excited?” He asked.
"No… I’m really not excited at all. Are you sure there isn’t another way we can do this?" I asked.
"Well, your emotional breakdown in my office last night did get me thinking,” he said, to my amazement. “There is another way. One we didn’t really discuss in detail at yesterday’s meeting.”
Incredible. Was I saved?
“What is it?” I asked eagerly.
“Well, you could just not go. Of course, it would result in the destruction of your home planet, so you might want to have a little think about it, but not for too long as we’re nearly there."
Why did he have to be so sarcastic? Fucking idiot.
If I had to be honest, I really had to consider whether it was worth saving a planet I might never be allowed back onto, but I wouldn’t have been able to live with the guilt. In the back of my mind I had images of one day returning to Earth a hero - `the only human to survive Tharnon.’ I’d be adored and respected by the masses… just as long as Langer stuck to his word and rescued me before I was massacred. 
"Last night, you mentioned that you would make a plan to get me off Tharnon. Have you thought of anything yet?"
"Not yet, but it might help if you eat this."
He handed me a spherical metal device, about the size of a child’s eyeball. A tiny red light flashed at the top.
"It’s a tracker," he said. "It’s better off inside you so nobody finds it. We'll be able to monitor your every move as long as you don’t lose it."
“But what if I need the toilet? Won’t it work its way through my system eventually?”
Langer laughed, but I was genuinely concerned. I needed to know whether I could have a shit without worrying about a metal ball popping out and then having to swallow it again.
“Maybe you have that problem on Earth, but these trackers are from Moros, and once they’re in, you’ll have a job on getting it back out.”
So I ate the tracker with breakfast; I had just about forced it down my throat when Langer advised me that we would be landing very shortly.
"What should I do when I get off?" I asked.
"Pray!" Langer laughed, and it was a real belly laugh too. I failed to find it amusing in any way.
"I’m joking of course, you should be fine. We’re dropping you off outside the Royal Palace, so just walk in and tell them you’re Erick Langer. All being well they’ll just cross my name off the list and that’ll be that, and don’t worry, we'll be back before you know it. Good luck!"
And with that, the ship’s engines disengaged and Langer showed me to the exit. The second both my feet had come into contact with the hard dusty surface of my new temporary home, the landing ramp was withdrawn and Langer and the crew were gone. They clearly didn’t want to be around when things started kicking off. 
The first thing that hit me about Tharnon was the smell. It was like nothing I had ever come across before, but there were definite elements of certain things such as bleach, sweat, dead things, shit, shitty dead things, cinnamon and cold rice, which combined to make the mother of all foul smells.
I was stood outside a terrific looking building, which was surrounded by palm trees and tropical flowers with a narrow strip of marshland at either side. There was a shallow stream with a small wooden bridge built over it, connecting the entrance of the palace to the bit of land where I was stood, and a giant statue of what I assumed was a figure of D'moraec royalty just above the doorway.
As I was admiring this statue, I heard footsteps. Out of the corner of my eye I had noticed something moving, so I turned my head cautiously and looked over my shoulder to examine what it was.
But there was nothing there. 
Whatever it was seemed to have disappeared. I scuffed the ground with my foot in an attempt to scare whatever it was away or at least startle it out into the open.
Still nothing. 
I turned back around almost triumphantly, with the intention of walking across the bridge, but I was abruptly stopped in my tracks by the leg of a massive grey lizard type creature. I let out a girlish scream, flinched and hid my face behind my hands. 
I peeped out of a gap in my fingers, just so I could keep tabs on it. Sure, it was a terrifying thing to look at, but letting it out of my sight would have been even worse. It soon became obvious where the hideous odour was coming from, and due to its proximity the pungent smell had become a big issue. 
It felt as though I was chewing its scent.
I started retching, and then felt the coffee from earlier on making its way back up. Despite my best efforts to make it go back down, there was too much already too far up my throat. I initially stored it in my mouth, puffing my cheeks out as they filled up with the remnants of breakfast. I considered swallowing it back down, but another bout of retching put paid to that. I put my hand over my mouth instinctively, but to be honest this just made it worse as jets of vomit fired out from between the gaps in my fingers, and landed right by the massive grey lizard’s feet.
I held my index finger up to the creature and gave it a quick glance, as though to say 'give me a minute.'
All things considered, this D’moraec creature demonstrated remarkable levels patience. At one point it even had to step back so the pool of vomit heading his way didn’t touch his razor sharp claws. 
Eventually it said something, but I didn’t have a clue what it was. I was too busy wiping strands of saliva from my mouth onto my sleeves to reply. He probably just wanted me to stop being sick, and had politely asked if I might oblige.
It said it again but more aggressively. There was definitely nothing polite about his tone. 
"Im Erick Langer." I gargled desperately. "I should have been delivered a few days ago, I'm late."
It made another noise, and started walking over the bridge. I squeezed the tracker back down my throat and followed it inside.
We walked through the entrance which was just a hole in the wall with a few dried reeds hanging from the top. They had probably blown the budget on that statue outside before even considering getting proper doors fitted.
I was led into a huge room and halted in front of a filthy yellow lizard which I correctly assumed was the Queen. The crown on her head and the throne she was sat on had given me all the clues I’d needed. She started speaking, and to my surprise I could understand what she was saying.
“Are you Erick Langer?” she asked in a husky voice.
“Yes, I am Erick Langer.”
“Excellent. You’ve been assigned to Maldroth. I believe you have already met.”
She pointed to the grey lizard that had showed me in.
“Yes, we met outside.”
Maldroth directed some funny noises towards the Queen.
“He tells me you tried to put some sick on his feet. Is this true?”
“No, your majesty. I wasn’t aiming for anything in particular.”
“I see… I see… so you were just casually being sick… for fun?”
“No, no, no… I wasn’t doing it through choice, I couldn’t stop it.”
She stared at me for a bit without speaking.
“I’ve never understood humans,” she sneered. “Anyway, seeing as you’ve arrived within the allotted time, I need to contact New Earth and let them know they are safe again… for the time being. Apologise to Maldroth and be on your way.”
I turned to Maldroth, “I’m sorry Maldroth.” I looked down at the floor apologetically.
It was safe to say I had made a terrible first impression.
“Put these on,” she said, and handed me what looked like a set of toy headphones. “These will translate what Maldroth is saying in order for you to carry out his orders.”
“Does Maldroth understand what I’m saying?” I asked curiously.
“Maldroth does not want to understand you,” she replied sharply, and that was that.
I wondered whether this had applied to all Maldroth’s slaves over the years or whether this was because he was judging me on what had happened outside. Either way, there was little time for me to consider that thought as my new owner had already set off.
He said nothing all the way back to his den, and it was a den, nestled in between some tree trunks surrounded by plants. A roof made of broken branches, certainly not weaved together tightly enough to prevent water getting in if it rained, not that I expected Maldroth to care; a cold, wet slave is still a slave.
I had barely made it through the entrance when he started speaking. There was a short delay whilst the translators deciphered what he had said. 
“First, you will catch dinner, cook it and bring it to me.”
That didn’t sound too bad. Maybe he was starting me off with something easy?
“You have until red sky. Take Emmel with you," he continued.
A small man slowly crawled out of some plants next to where Maldroth was standing and brushed the dirt off his clothes. He looked almost human, but his head was slightly longer at the back. It looked a bit like a tail as it coiled inwards towards the middle of his shoulders. He was quite portly too. He had a ring of fat around his neck that made it difficult to see where his face ended and his chest begun. The expression on his face was one of a man who wanted to be anywhere else. I could see the desperation in his eyes as he brushed past me and out into the open.
Maldroth wandered deeper into his den, and my thoughts turned to whether I would need the translators for Emmel too, but much to my relief, he spoke fluent Earth.
“Where are you from?” I asked. 
Although he looked human there were several anatomical differences that had cast doubt over his origins. Other than his long head, his ears were on the sides of his neck and he had what looked like part of a diamond protruding from the centre of his forehead. It was difficult to maintain eye contact with him for these reasons, as my eyes kept drifting towards his irregularities. 
“I’m from the planet Fa’owai, and we all look like this.” He affirmed, “you look just as odd to me you know.”
My first impression of Emmel was that he was quite a paranoid individual. He had clearly been judged on his appearance before, and it had obviously affected his confidence.
“Have you been here long?” I asked.
“I arrived two days ago with a few others from my planet; goodness knows where they have ended up. Probably dead…”
I changed the subject quickly as his negativity was beginning to drag me down, plus I wanted to catch dinner swiftly so as to make amends for my disastrous start to life on Tharnon.
“So, where are all the fish then?”
“Fish? There are no fish on Tharnon!” He exclaimed, “The water here is so acidic, it could strip the shell off an RS-Cruiser, never mind a fish!”
Once again, my childhood magazines had come to my aid. Thanks to them, I was aware that an RS-Cruiser was a type of stealth spacecraft with a reinforced shell, capable of withstanding extreme temperatures.
“So what does he want for dinner then?”
“I’ve been taking him Kaliki eggs for the past two days, but it’s not gone down too well. The first time I returned meatless wasn’t too bad but the second day he got very angry and started thrashing me with his tail. He finds eggs insulting you see? He tells me they are for children, and that he is not a child. The harsh reality is that the only thing I’m fast enough to catch around here are those eggs.”
“Right… well… what’s a Kaliki?”
“It’s a large flightless bird, but it’s very quick and very sly. There is a nest not far from here.”
It wasn’t hard to understand how Emmel had struggled so badly. He was only small and had very short legs. When stood next to me, his head reached just above my waist. One positive I drew from this was that I definitely had more chance of surviving Morta Horrendum than he did. I just had to hope I made it that far, and that none of the other prisoners were former athletes.
Emmel led me through the undergrowth to a small clearing.
“It’s down there,” he said, pointing his finger towards a cluster of rocks.
“Right. How long do we have until red sky?”
“It’s hard to predict accurately as there is no concept of time here on Tharnon. They work by the colour of the sky and that changes every day. They sleep when the sky is black and they wake when the sky is yellow. They eat their only meal of the day when the sky is red, which is usually the last stage before it turns black again. As you can see now, it is still yellow. If today is anything like yesterday, then it will remain this way for another three hours or so.”
“Three hours seems like more than enough time to catch something decent.”
“Well I had three hours yesterday, but I couldn’t manage it.”
We climbed one of the rocks that concealed the nest and looked down to find four decent sized eggs.
“Excellent. Now we know these are here, we can come back for them if everything else fails. Maybe Maldroth was just angry because you only took one egg?”
“Maybe,” Emmel admitted. “I really would prefer to take something bigger today though.”
“Of course, that’s the plan. Now, have you actually seen this Kaliki bird at all?”
“Yes, the first day I was here it was stood next to its nest. It ran away as soon as it saw me though and I haven’t seen it since, although there are tracks leading in that direction.”
Emmel pointed to what appeared to be a make-shift path leading back into the lush vegetation.
“Let’s get going.”
We followed the tracks for a good half an hour and there wasn’t a Kaliki anywhere to be seen. The delicate optimism we’d started off with started to ebb away, as the prospect of disappointing Maldroth for the third day in a row grew more and more likely. 
“Are there any other things we could take back?” I asked. “Any other creatures kicking about maybe?”
“I don’t know the planet well enough to be able to answer that I’m afraid. I’ve heard that Giant Worms are considered a delicacy, but I wouldn’t know where to start looking for one of those. Underground presumably, but I don’t have a spade…”
A thin line of red sky had muscled in on the horizon, indicating that we didn’t have long left to decide what we should do. After a short debate, we agreed that we should just go back for the eggs and rustle up some kind of omelette, the likes of which Maldroth had never tasted before.
Whilst I thought it was a good idea, Emmel spent most of the walk back crying, clearly assuming that an omelette would lead to another thrashing from Maldroth, but his mood suddenly changed when he noticed something in the distance.
“A KALIKI!” He shouted excitedly, jumping up and down and tugging on my clothes, “Over there, look!”
“I see it!” I exclaimed. 
It was a magnificent looking bird, big too, easily as tall as me and twice as wide.
“Leave this to me,” I said confidently. This giant bird would surely be no match for my super quick legs and newly attained upper body strength.
I tip-toed slowly forwards, keeping it in sight all the way, then, when I was confident I had got close enough, I made my move.
My skills as a natural hunter left a lot to be desired. The amount of noise I made as I leapt out from where I had hidden was more than enough to alert the Kaliki. I might as well have run directly at it, shouting about how I wanted to kill it and eat it. Needless to say, it knew I wasn’t approaching with kind intentions, and it bolted off almost instantly. I did what I had to do and set off in pursuit.
Emmel was right; it really was a fast bird. I kept pace but didn’t make much ground as it always seemed to be one step ahead of me. It clearly knew the area like the back of its talons; something which it used to its advantage as it darted in and out of the trees in a bid to shake me off. Under and over fallen branches, through thick twisted vines and across painfully sharp thistles, but it couldn’t get rid of me. Every time it bent its neck round to see if I was still there, it saw my determined face looking straight back at it. 
Then, for the first time in this little man versus bird showdown we were having, I had the upper hand, as I chased my feathered foe out into the open where there were no obstacles for it to use. 
My plan was to get as close as possible, then dive onto it and break at least one of its legs. As I edged closer and closer, I could feel its feet hitting my shins, and then came the moment of truth. 
I thrust myself forwards and reached out towards its leathery looking legs. I was in the air for what felt like ages before I clasped onto one, but even with my increased strength, it wasn’t enough to stop it completely. Somehow it found the strength to struggle on even with my extra body weight in tow, but at the earliest opportunity, I grabbed onto its other foot and brought it crashing down to the floor in a great cloud of dust.
I stood up quickly and tried to smother it, but the bird was just as quick to rise. 
We paced around in a small circle.
I looked into its eyes, and saw what looked to me like arrogance and self-assurance. Upon gazing into my eyes, he will have found worry and self-doubt. 
After a bit more staring, the bird lunged at me with its beak which inevitably triggered an out and out fight. I punched it on the neck a few times and likewise he beaked me in the face on a number of occasions. I knew I would wake the next morning with embarrassing bruises all over me, but it seemed a small price to pay to keep my new massive lizard boss happy.
No fatal blows were dealt, but some really heavy hits landed on both of us. I temporarily lost my cool and called him a disgrace and then in a moment of madness on my part, I attempted an ill-judged head-butt. The bird seized its opportunity and stripped the translators off my head before I had chance to react, and before I knew it, it was hightailing over towards the trees again. 
This bird had unbelievable stamina. 
I shouted at it to come back, but deep down I think I knew it would make little difference, so once again it boiled down to me having to decide whether it was worth chasing. Of course, the answer to that question was a resounding ‘yes,’ as not only was it supposed to be dinner, but it had taken off with my headphones. If I couldn’t tell what Maldroth was saying, then surviving for long enough for Langer to come and rescue me was simply out of the question.
I scampered across the terrain at what must have been close to my optimum speed. Maybe it had something to do with my freshly acquired desperation, or maybe the bird had simply grown tired of running. Either way, I rapidly gained ground and got myself into a position where I was close enough to give its tail a sharp tug. With no prior experience of tugging on Kaliki tails, I was unsure of what to expect. Therefore when I tugged too hard and ended up losing my footing, I was disappointed but not at all surprised. Besides, all was not lost, as on my way down, just moments before being involved in a heavy collision with the floor, I stuck a hand out and clutched onto its furry ankles, the end result of which was me being dragged around violently as though I was some kind of unwanted passenger.
I pleaded with it to stop, but it was in no mood to listen to me begging.
It quickly became apparent that I wouldn’t be able to hold on for much longer. The bird had won. I was exhausted; a physical mess.
My hand slipped off the tail, and I shamefully crashed to the floor. Just as shamefully; perhaps even more so, I picked myself up off the ground just in time to watch the bird casually stride into the safety of the forest. At this point I found myself irrationally cursing all the emus back on New Earth.
I followed it into the mass of trees anyway, mainly because I didn’t really know what else to do. I certainly didn’t go in expecting it to have waited for me, but nevertheless, I crept through the branches just to make absolutely sure there was no chance of a catch. 
It was eerily silent amongst the trees. I could no longer hear Emmel cheering me on from within the bushes, nor could I hear the pounding of Kaliki feet on the hard floor.
It was actually quite peaceful. 
That was until I heard a splashing sound just up ahead, followed by what can only be described as the haunting cry of a Kaliki bird in distress.
Its wail was bad enough to make me feel incredibly guilty about calling it a disgrace moments before, and I briefly flirted with the idea of trying to rescue it, but a brief thought is all it was, as any thoughts of salvation evaporated as soon as I exited the forest to find Maldroth’s dinner slowly descending into a steaming hot lake, with my translators still in its beak.
Fucking marvellous…
The look on Emmel’s face when I explained to him that I had chased our dinner into a river and watched it boil to death was genuinely upsetting and very nearly brought a tear to my eyes.
“Well that’s it isn’t it?” he cried, “It’s going to be eggs and thrashings every day at this rate!”
I have to admit, after seeing Emmel’s wounds, the prospect of taking another below par dinner back to Maldroth became even more distressing. We really needed to act fast. 
Emmel rode back to the clearing on my shoulders, for the simple reason that his own stubby legs wouldn’t have got him back on time, if at all, and frankly, I don’t think he could have coped with any extra punishment. I helped him climb off my shoulders and gave him the lowdown. 
“I’ll fetch the eggs. You had better get back to the den,” I said, though my intentions were slightly twisted. 
Even with my super strength, I couldn’t have carried both Emmel and the eggs, I simply hadn’t got enough hands, but the real reason I wanted him to go back early was altogether more devious. 
In my mind, Emmel would get back to the den first. Maldroth would be going crazy because he had no food, but then I would come sprinting through the bushes like an absolute hero, carrying loads of eggs, and Maldroth would calm down then thank me for my hard work. Of course, I wouldn’t know for a fact that he had definitely thanked me as my translators were at the bottom of a scorching lake, but he would make a loud noise and it wouldn’t be accompanied by a fierce thrashing, which in my eyes at least, would count as praise.
So, Emmel took my advice and hobbled off towards the den as I climbed onto the rocks that surrounded the nest. 
I was utterly horrified when I looked down. 
“Emmel! Emmel, come back!” I shouted. “The eggs have gone!”
I could feel a lump swelling in my throat and my forehead started burning.
Emmel ran back, tears already flowing as I had come to expect; he was quite an emotional fellow.
"What do you mean they’re gone? Where are they?" He asked, as he slumped to his knees.
"How would I know? Ive been with you all that time."
They had probably been taken by somebody else. Perhaps somebody who had a less fussy owner. Or maybe somebody who would shortly be finding out that eggs weren’t a good choice.
Either way, it was bad news for us, and it only got worse when Emmel pointed out that the sky had turned completely red.
I could almost feel Maldroth’s scaly tail cracking on my back already. Just the thought of it sent a shiver down my spine. 
Then my thoughts turned slightly sinister, which didn’t affect my spine at all.
Maybe there was a way I could provide dinner for Maldroth after all. It wouldn’t be shitty eggs and it would definitely be meatier than a Kaliki bird. 
The situation was far from comfortable, but desperate times called for desperate measures, and this was perhaps the most desperate time of my life.
I cast my mind back over the last few hours as I tried to justify the horrible thoughts circulating in my head. I found comfort in the fact that I’d been the one doing all the work. I’d been the one risking life and limb for Maldroth’s dinner. I’d been the one running around like a man on some kind of performance enhancing medication. 
I looked over at Emmel.
He was still on his knees staring sorrowfully at the ground. 
“He deserves this,” I told myself repeatedly.
Eventually I started believing it, and so I made my move.

I lay awake later that night gazing into the empty black sky. I had never killed anybody up until I struck Emmel with that rock, and it felt a bit weird. Something akin to the guilty feeling you usually get when you stand on a snail in the dark, but probably not quite as bad. Maldroth was delighted though; he even replaced the translators without feeling the need to hurt me in any way. They were clearly just Emmel's old translators; the blood stains on the muffs had given it away, but still, I was more than happy to accept them as my own.
The next few days passed surprisingly quickly. Maldroth had me doing all kinds of unspeakable things, but then occasionally he’d ask me to do something trivial like scratch his back, or sharpen his claws. I didn’t mind these smaller, menial tasks as they carried no danger. Even when I was forced to clean his body parts, some of which I never even knew existed, I was happy not to be out in the wild getting attacked. Of course, it wasn’t all smiles. I also had to gather his waste with my bare hands and then proceed to dump it in the same river that the Kaliki had disintegrated in days before. This had taken a number of trips, as my hands are small and the waste was plentiful. They say every cloud has a silver lining, and I guess the silver lining on this particularly foul smelling cloud could have been the moment I pulled Emmel’s diamond out of the steaming mound of shit I’d been carrying at the time. Maldroth had obviously tried to eat it, but the diamond clearly had other ideas and had come back out the other end in almost pristine condition.
The meat we had stripped from Emmel’s bones lasted a good few days, but not nearly as long as it could have done had Maldroth not been so fucking greedy. He ended up asking me to go out and ‘catch another Emmel,’ which made for an interesting conversation. I tried to tell him that there was only one Emmel, but he chose not to believe me and even tried to convince me that he’d seen some grazing in a field once. He wouldn’t accept that he might have made a mistake, and sent me out anyway. Inevitably, I returned hours later with no Emmel.
In the back of my mind, I knew that we were closing in on the start of Morta Horrendum, at which point there would be nothing to stop him from devouring as many of the slaves as he wanted. With this in mind I tried to reach a compromise by offering him my shoes as a light snack, just to tide him over. Maldroth was absolutely furious, and accused me of mocking the D’moraec race, before whipping a capital ‘M’ onto my back.
He still ate the shoes.

Somehow, I managed to stay alive until the break of yellow sky on the day of Morta Horrendum. I was remarkably calm and surprisingly optimistic. I still hadn’t seen any of the other slaves, so I had no idea what to expect, but it didn’t matter, as I fully expected Langer and his crew to return and pluck me from the planet before I managed to get myself into any bother.
Maldroth wandered out of the den, and I was instructed to follow. Apparently it was tradition for all the slaves who hadn’t been eaten in the interim to amass inside the Royal Palace and listen to a short speech from the Queen before the race started. 
As we approached the palace I kept looking up into the sky. 
Where the fuck was he?
Maybe he had no intention of coming back for me. The tracker probably wasn’t even real either; he probably just made me eat it for a laugh.
We made our way into the Queen’s room, where Maldroth snatched the translators from me and left. That was it as far as he was concerned, no goodbye or thank you for your hard work or anything. 
“I might be back later, Maldroth,” I joked, as he disappeared through the door completely ignoring me.
I had a quick look around at the other slaves. There were some humans that had been on The Carrier and a few others who looked a bit like Emmel, but they hadn’t got any diamonds wedged into their heads. 
Maybe Maldroth really had seen some in a field once… 
To the other side of me were a group of what can only be described as 'things.' For a start, they had four legs, antennae, and to top it off they had wings. I think they probably had an unfair advantage if I’m completely honest. Before I’d seen these creatures, I genuinely thought I might have had a chance of finishing in the top three, but barring a complete shocker on their part, it was hard to see how they could be beaten. There were plenty of other ‘things’ crammed into the room too, but as I looked around trying to suss out my opponents, somebody started shouting.
“Today!”
Everybody in the room turned to see the queen stood in front of her throne.
“Today, most of you in this room will die. On behalf of the D’moraec race, I would like to say… you’re welcome,” she grinned. “Everybody knows the rules. The first three to Mount Tharnon get to stay alive. Now be gone.”
A crowd of D’moraec had already gathered around the palace walls and were making a hideous racket as we piled out of the building and ran off in various directions.
I hadn’t seen anything like a mountain where I had been staying with Maldroth, which led me to believe it might be somewhere in the opposite direction. For that very reason, I ran in the opposite direction. I had a quick look around and noticed a couple of humans lagging behind me in the distance, but other than that, everybody and everything else had already begun what would most likely be the last expedition they would ever make. 
“Conrad,” I heard a faint shout from one of the humans behind me, but there was no way I was stopping for anybody, let alone one of the Earth prisoners. For all I knew, the guy shouting me could have been one of the guys who just days before had dissed me on board The Carrier. 
As far as I was concerned they could find their own fucking way to the mountain.
I ploughed on in the same direction for what must have been a good few miles but soon began to regret my decision. What had started out as an accessible stone path winding through a coppiced woodland, had turned into no path and an apparent wall of vegetation. The D’moraec might very well have been a diabolical race, but they were leading experts when it came to impassable herbage.
I seriously considered turning around and starting again. However, I’d come so far and for all I knew, the mountain could have been just around the corner, so I struggled on as best I could. Climbing over chunky, moss covered tree stumps that tried their best to stop me in my tracks. Forcing my way through webs of vines and thickets that were obviously on the same team as the stumps. My spirit had taken quite the beating already, but it was to be taken down another notch when my feet started bleeding due to a lack of protection, after Maldroth had eaten my only pair of shoes the previous night. 
I started wondering what I would do if I didn’t make it to the mountain. 
Would I burrow underground and live out the rest of my years in a network of tunnels? Or fashion a D’moraec costume out of leaves and see how long I could last before they realised? It would definitely be less effort just to let them eat me. 
It was fortunate that I had given myself a powerful jaw, as it was a much more effective way of breaking through the branches than just using my hands, although my splintered gums possibly thought otherwise. 
A few more bites, and a lot more blood later, I found myself bursting out of the tight grip of the forest. In fact, calling it a forest is just wrong; it wasn’t a forest, it was a jungle. No two ways about it, that was a fucking jungle. Regardless, I was no longer surrounded by trees. Instead I was confronted by a massive river. It stretched into the distance both ways and whilst the land across the other side looked vaguely promising, there wasn’t a bridge anywhere to be seen. 
Typical.
There was no way I was going back through the jungle again, but the river was so wide I would never have made it across, especially having seen what it had done to that Kaliki bird.
And still no mountain in sight.
I ran alongside the river in search of a way across for as long as my bleeding feet would carry me, which, as I soon found out was only a matter of seconds.
I contemplated jumping in and ending it there and then, but I just knew that if I went through with my suicidal plan, Langer would show up just as I was about to splash into the water. Besides, I had other things to worry about. 
“Conrad!”
My progress had been stunted so badly that the un-perked loser who had shouted me earlier on had managed to catch me up, and he had brought a mate. In all honesty I didn’t have the energy to run away, so I just sat down and stared at them as they got closer.
“Conrad, it’s us, from The Carrier,” one of them said.
“Do you remember us?” asked the other.
“No,” I lied. I recognised them alright. Absolute wankers from The Carrier. Neither of them had said anything out of turn, but they had been sat next to a guy who kept telling me to ‘grow up,’ which in my mind made them just as bad.
“I’m Oscer.”
“And I’m Steve.”
“What’s wrong with your mouth?” asked Oscer.
“It’s just a bit of blood,” I said defiantly, but it was more than just a bit of blood. I couldn’t actually close my mouth properly due to the splinters sticking into my gums. 
“Have you seen the mountain yet?” I asked, in a bid to deflect attention away from my injuries.
“No, but we think we know where it might be, there is just one problem.”
“What’s that then?” I asked.
“We need to cross this river to get there.”
“Oh for fff…” I looked across the river in disgust. “I was hoping for better news if I’m honest.”
“We tried to shout you before you ran into the forest, there is a bridge close to the back of the Palace where the river is narrow, but you didn’t hear us,” explained Oscer.
I put my fist inside my mouth and bit down as hard as I could. A bad move really, and one that did equal amounts of damage to both parts.
“Conrad wait, there might be another way,” said Steve.
“Really?” I looked up at the guys and pulled my blood covered hand out from between my lips.
“Do you remember those things at the Palace that looked a bit like giant flies?”
“Those things with four legs?”
“Yes, those things. They are known as Dovi. There’s about five or six of them coming this way.” 
“How exactly is that a good thing?”
“Well, we thought we might get them to fly us across!”
Oscer was clearly very excited about the prospect of being flown over a river by creatures that may or may not have been coming in peace, but I couldn’t help thinking he was perhaps being a little naïve.
“They’re not taxis,” I replied. “I don’t think they’ll just let us hop on and take us wherever we want to go. Anyway, why is everyone coming this way?”
“Well, you ran off so fast, everybody thought you must have known a quicker way to the mountain, so we followed the bloody footprints through the forest and up here. Obviously we know now that you had no idea where you were going, which is depressing to say the least. As for the Dovi, they are blind. They have even less of an idea where they’re going than you do.”
“They’re blind? How are they following you then?” 
“It’s their other senses; they are magnificent. They might have heard me and Steve talking as we chased you, or they might have picked up the scent of your blood on the ground and followed that. That’s all by the by though, Conrad, if we make a deal with them and offer to pilot them over the river, those senses are as good as ours,” Oscer said enthusiastically. “They might be able to smell the mountain, Conrad.”
“This sounds great and everything but there are certainly a number of flaws in your plan,” I explained.
“Flaws? Like what?”
“Well, for a start, it’s extremely unlikely that they speak our language? Secondly, assuming for arguments sake that they do understand you, and are kind enough to take you up on your offer, what happens when we’re over the other side? We’re not supposed to be demonstrating how well we can work as part of a team, this is a matter of life and death.”
“We’ll just kill them when we get over there,” Steve said, confidently nodding his head.
“Yes, Steve,” Oscer rejoiced, as though it was the obvious solution.
“Could we though? Are we physically capable of defeating these things? I have blood coming out of my feet and my mouth; I’m not exactly fighting fit right now. Even if we do somehow manage to kill them, what happens to the three of us? Do we continue together? Only three of us can survive, remember? What if we reach the mountain and there are only two spots left? What then?”
“Well I’ve not really thought that far ahead, but it’s got to be worth a try, Conrad. What do you think, Steve?”
“Count me in,” he replied, and he nodded his head for ages after he’d finished talking. He may have had some kind of serious neck problem, but I thought it rude to ask.
As for Oscer’s plan, well it seemed utterly ridiculous, but a ridiculous plan was more of a plan than I had. I’d already chosen to ignore them once, and that had backfired badly. I couldn’t justify doing it again.
“Alright, I’m in, as long as you do all the talking,” I explained.
It wasn’t long before we heard the irritating drone of a group of Dovi as they flew lethargically towards where we were waiting. They might have had more legs than us and the ability to fly, but they really were unbelievably slow movers.
“Down here!” Oscer shouted whilst waving his arms in the air frantically.
Much to my surprise, the winged beasts descended carefully and landed a few feet in front of us. They looked confused and curious, and with good reason. What struck me about them was the fact that they had no eyes. I knew they were blind but I still expected eyes. Their face was pretty much all mouth, and it was a mighty looking mouth too.
“My name is Oscer, and we wondered if you would let us fly you over the river?” He shouted in order to emphasise what he was saying, perhaps forgetting that they were blind, not deaf. The Dovi, who were lined up in two intimidating banks of three, turned to each other, checking for any sign of comprehension.
“I don’t think they understand you,” said Steve glumly.
“Let me try again,” he replied. “That noise you can hear is a big river. We need to cross it, but we don’t have wings. You have wings, but you don’t have eyes. We will guide you across if you agree to carry us over.”
The Dovi didn’t answer. It was entirely possible that this was because they didn’t know how to speak.
“Please!?” He blasted.
If anything, the unnecessarily vociferous tone with which Oscer spoke, served only to enrage the insect clan. One of them reared up onto its hind legs and started flapping its others in Oscer’s face. He didn’t look happy at all. This commotion set the others off and in no time, we all had to contend with insect legs pattering about our faces. I covered my head with my arms to avoid suffering any serious damage, and took shelter under a nearby bush.
After calming down, and when I was convinced it was safe, I parted the leaves in front of me and watched on in horror as one of the Dovi crept up behind Steve, picked him up in its giant mouth and took off. 
The whole thing was truly awful to witness, but I couldn’t stop watching. Similar to one of those moments on Earth where you notice somebody struggling with something really heavy, but instead of helping and sharing the weight, you just stand and watch because it’s more fun that way. It reached a point where Steve was being hit so often, it could no longer be classed as accidental. It might have looked like they were flying around without a clue, but they certainly knew where his head was.
I could just about see Oscer, shouting advice from underneath a massive leaf just further down from my bush, but Steve didn’t need advice, he needed urgent medical attention. Unfortunately, neither myself, nor Oscer really wanted a slice of Steve’s rather painful looking pie, and so advice was all we had to offer. His aerial punishment went on for a while, until for reasons I couldn’t quite work out, they hovered slowly into ‘V’ formation, and suddenly made a break for it over the river with Steve dangling perilously out of the mouth of the leader. 
I didn’t really know what to think. 
On one hand, Steve had been beaten up quite badly, and whether he was still conscious was debatable, but on the bright side he was being flown across the river, which is more than could be said for me and Oscer.
I stepped out from my hiding place to find Oscer gazing helplessly across the river shaking his head.
“Well that didn’t go as I expected,” he admitted.
“No, it wasn’t great,” I agreed. “At least Steve got a lift though.”
Neither of us really knew what to say, we just stood and watched, at first with a look of envy, then with a look of horror as the situation quickly soured.
The creatures were barely visible through all the mist above the river, but I could still just see clearly enough to notice something plummeting towards the water.
“Is that Steve?” I asked, pointing at the falling object.
Oscer narrowed his eyes and squinted through the steam.
“I think it is Steve,” he replied. He was as stunned as I was.
We watched in awe as Steve splashed into the river. We could hear the slap as his motionless body collided with the acidic surface.
“Oh, that’s just awful,” said a visibly sickened Oscer.
It was safe to say that we had strayed quite drastically from the original plan, and so with Steve either dead or dying and the Dovi potentially moments away from reaching the mountain, a new plan was needed. Therefore, a new plan was swiftly formed. This new plan consisted of me and Oscer making our way back through the jungle, all the way back to the bridge he had tried to tell me about before.
“Do you think Steve is dead yet?” Oscer asked as we comfortably strolled back through all the plants I had chomped on earlier. I never really considered how much of a strange question it was. Why did he need to know?
“I reckon it’s been about an hour since he was dropped in to the river. My guess is as good as yours, Oscer, but for what it’s worth, I would say yes, he is probably dead now.”
He didn’t say another word for the rest of the walk, which pleased me greatly. What didn’t please me was the line of D’moraec guards that were blocking our passage across the bridge.
I assumed that this meant we were about to be eaten alive. Why else would they have been there?
I looked scornfully into the sky for what I imagined would be the last time. Fuck you Langer, you lying bastard.
But when I looked back down, one of the beasts had stepped forward and was holding out a set of translators in each hand, which we promptly put on.
“Which one of you is Erick Langer?” The fat one in the middle said. I wondered how they were so sure it was definitely one of the two of us, but then I realised it probably meant that all the other humans were dead. 
I looked at Oscer, who obviously had no idea I was posing as Langer. To be honest, even I had forgotten why I was doing it.
I raised my hand.
“I am Erick Langer,” I claimed.
Oscer chuckled.
“What are you doing?” He asked.
“I am Erick Langer,” I insisted.
“What are you talking about, Conrad?” he muttered quietly, but our conversation was ended immediately as the D’moraec, clearly not in the mood for messing around, seized us both and carried us directly to the palace.
The Queen was already waiting for us as we were thrown to the ground near her feet.
“Erick Langer,” she began. “It seems you’ve been getting yourself into trouble yet again.”
I still had the translators on, so although I could understand her perfectly anyway, I had to listen to the translation of what she was saying too, which was just a robotic voice repeating her exact words a few seconds after she had initially said them.
“Who is this?” She continued, sizing Oscer up.
“I am Oscer Wallace from New Earth, your majesty.”
The Queen wore a sly smile.
“Well I doubt very much you are going to make it to the mountain now you’ve come all this way back. You’re friends certainly didn’t.”
She gave us a funny look and nodded to the left, where there was a pile of bones. Human bones.
Oscer swallowed hard.
“I might still make it,” he said. “If you stop talking to me and let me go, I still have a chance.”
“You dare to stand in front of me and tell me to stop talking? I should eat you myself, but you don’t deserve that privilege, so instead I’m going to feed you to the guards,” she said, to which a couple jumped forwards excitedly.
“That’s not fair!” Oscer protested. “You can’t eat me yet; the race hasn’t finished.”
Well, the guards proved that they could in fact eat him whether the race had finished or not. He struggled for a bit, but he was vastly inferior in almost every department and once the first leg had been torn off he seemed to lose interest and give up a bit.
“Now, as for you Erick Langer, I have received word that you have committed a crime far worse than whatever landed you here in the first place.”
I had to wait for the translators to repeat what she had said before replying.
“I’m not sure I understand,” I admitted.
“Well, far be it from me to…” 
“I’m sorry,” I interrupted, which having seen what had just happened to Oscer, could have been disastrous. “Can I take these off? It’s just… I can understand you anyway, so I don’t really need them.”
“Fine,” she snarled.
I nervously removed the headset and flinched as it was snatched from me by one of the guards.
“That’s better,” I advised.
“As I was saying, far be it from me to speculate on such matters of importance, but a Universal Agent turned up earlier today with an arrest warrant from the planet Fa’owai. They say you have killed one of their Elders.”
Bloody hell. Emmel was an Elder? Well he’d kept that one quiet. I didn’t even know what an Elder was, or what one did, but it was surprising news all the same, and apparently killing such people was frowned upon.
“The agent is waiting for you in a ship around the side of the palace; I couldn’t bear to look at him any longer. Unfortunately this means you will not be able to take any further part in Morta Horrendum, which upsets us greatly as Maldroth was very much looking forward to eating you later on.”
“Well, when you see him, tell him I’m sorry,” I said. “Although the way things have been going for me recently, I’ll probably end up back here at some point anyway.”
“Keep wishing, human, for where you are going you will soon be begging to come back to Tharnon.”
And with that she trudged back into the Palace whilst I was escorted by two D’moraec guards to the agent who was waiting for me next to the door of his ship. 
“Erick Langer?” He asked.
“Yes,” I nodded.
“I have been sent by the Grand Master of Fa’owai to arrest you for the murder of Elder Emmel.”
I had very little to say to that. I was as guilty as sin; although how they had known it was me I had no idea. The agent pushed me into the back of the ship and slammed the door shut.
“My regards to the Queen,” I heard him say to the guards as the ship’s engines started, and then we took off.
For the duration of the journey I worried about what would happen to me. A few weeks ago I would never have dreamt of killing anybody, never mind an Elder.
Eventually I heard the engines slowly fizzling out and the ship landed with a thud. The agent slammed his door, then opened mine.
“Out you come,” he ordered.
“What’s going to happen to me?” I asked nervously.
There was no response.
“Excuse me, sir,” I tried again in a more polite manner, but still I got nothing. 
I decided that it was probably better that I didn’t know what would happen to me anyway.
He took me into a lift, pressed one of the buttons and the doors closed.
“How did you find Tharnon?” He asked.
“It started badly, and got worse from there,” I replied.
“Do you even know where you are?”
“No, the windows in the ship were blacked out, as I’m sure you’re aware, and every time I tried to talk to you, you blanked me, so I gave up.”
“Conrad… it’s me… Langer.”
“Langer?” 
I couldn’t believe it. Langer wasn’t a bastard after all!
“But where is your moustache? You look completely different!”
“I shaved it off. People kept telling me I looked like a gold prospector from Old Earth. I thought it was a compliment until I searched for it online and saw some of the images.”
For the first time in ages I felt brilliant. What a terrific, albeit hugely surprising rescue this was. 
Later that night, the four of us sat around Langer’s big desk and had a bite to eat. The conversation was primarily centred around my adventures on Tharnon.
“What did those filthy D’moraec have you doing then?” Langer asked.
“The dinner table isn’t really the place to discuss most of what I had to do, but it mainly consisted of me having to catch food for Maldroth.”
“Who’s Maldroth?” One of the Jessie’s asked.
“He was my owner or master or whatever they are known as.”
“What about Morta Horrendum; was it fun?” enquired Langer.
“No. Really not fun,” I replied. “I watched a human boil to death in a river and another get torn apart and then eaten right in front of me. I thought I was going the same way until you showed up, which reminds me, I need to thank you all for rescuing me. And can I just say, your plan was excellent. The way you tricked the Queen into thinking that I was being arrested for killing an Elder; that was real genius Langer, thanks for that.”
I nodded towards Langer in appreciation, but he looked worryingly puzzled. The same look he’d had just before he told me about having no legs last week. 
“That wasn’t a trick Conrad. You did kill an Elder, and there was a warrant issued for your arrest. I just didn’t have much else on, so I checked my inbox. Every now and then I accept little side jobs to keep myself occupied, you see? I’ve been doing it for ages. You’re a wanted man now Donovan, you’ve even made the top 10 most wanted in the Universe.”
He pulled out a slip of paper and handed it to me; I was number 2. This was devastating.
“I didn’t know he was an Elder!” I claimed. “What was he doing on Tharnon in the first place?”
“I’ve heard that there was a colossal mix up on the day of the drop off from Fa’owai. I don’t know the ins and outs of it but he should never have been left there. Look at number 9 on that list.”
I looked at the paper again. Number 9 was somebody called Silios, a pilot from Fa’owai. He was wanted for neglect and the abandonment of an Elder.
“It gets worse Conrad,” explained Langer. “Girls, could you give me and Conrad a minute please?”
“Sure,” they replied in unison, and they swiftly left the room.
Langer pulled out a remote from underneath the table, and pressed a button. A TV screen slowly descended towards the table, and when I say slowly; I mean painfully slowly, unnecessarily slow perhaps. Langer started tapping his fingers on the side of the table as we waited patiently for the screen to drop.
“Any moment now,” he joked. “Before we start, you should know that the people of Fa’owai are very interesting people indeed. Some say peculiar, and they would be right, but it is for that reason that I find them so interesting.”
“Go on,” I sighed.
“Fa’owai is the only planet in the Universe that has the rights to televised coverage of what happens on Tharnon. They just seem to love that type of entertainment,” he explained, and with those words I knew straight away where the conversation was going. “Can you imagine how they felt when they tuned in and saw this?”
He pressed another button and the screen came on. The clip showed me, perched on a rock, occasionally looking down. Emmel was out of shot at this point, but not for long, as the last part of the clip showed me quickly picking up a sharp rock and lunging towards him, striking him a number of times on the head. Rather damningly, it then showed me shaking my fist in celebration, before dragging his body out of shot again. 
“I’m not going to lie,” I said. “That video makes me look very, very bad.”
“Yes… yes it does,” Langer agreed. “What were you thinking?”
“I had no idea he was an Elder! I just panicked. It was my first day and Maldroth needed feeding… and we tried to catch a bird but it fought me and ran away… and then the eggs were stolen… and…”
“Calm down Conrad,” he advised, clearly noticing that I was getting emotional and I had started speaking too quickly for him to understand. 
“Do you think if I were to tell them that the eggs were stolen, they would forgive me?” I asked hopefully.
“I very much doubt it Conrad,” he answered swiftly, almost before I’d finished speaking. “By the way, did you manage to get that diamond?”
“Yes, but I didn’t pull it off his head like it appeared on that footage; I found it in some of Maldroth’s shit.”
“Take it with you,” he advised. “It may make your punishment less severe.”
“Isn’t there anything you can do?” I pleaded. “You could tell them I’m dead!”
“I’m not in the business of upsetting the Elders, Conrad. That’s where we differ,” he laughed loudly. “I agreed to rescue you from Tharnon, and I did, although admittedly you made it much easier by killing Emmel. I also agreed to take you to Fa’owai, which I fully intend to do.”
The next morning, after travelling all night, I was led off the ship by Langer and into a big official looking building. I was due to appear in front of the Elder Council any moment.
“What if I just tell them that I’m not Erick Langer?” I asked as the heavy wooden door closed behind us.
“To be perfectly honest, I don’t think they care what your name is. Remember, they have video footage of you committing the crime. Whether you’re Erick Langer or Conrad Donovan it really doesn’t matter, it’s your face they want,” he explained.
Langer was right, my name had become largely irrelevant, which was a bit upsetting, but I had taken his advice and taken the diamond with me in hope that a reduced sentence would mean that I could get back to New Earth and start living as plain old Conrad Donovan once again.
As I fiddled with the diamond in my pocket, a short, chubby man wandered up to me.
“Erick Langer?” he asked.
“That’s me,” I raised my hand reluctantly.
“The Council will see you now.”
Langer nodded at me as I made my way into the council room. I nodded back. And with that, my trial began.








Chapter 2


“Silence please,” shouted a man who had more than a passing resemblance to Emmel. He had the same ring of fat underneath his neck and was one of three men sat behind a long table, all of whom had diamonds on their heads.
“This is Erick Langer,” he announced to the room which was almost full; a dead Elder was obviously big news in these parts. 
“This is the man who killed Emmel, as many of you may have seen on last week’s episode of ‘Lost on Tharnon.’ This is the man who killed one of your own!”
This disgruntled the audience and some had even started booing. It seemed clear straight from the off that I wasn’t just here on trial; I was simply here to be berated in front of a crowd of people. As I looked around I noticed that some people in the audience were filming us with what could only be described as professional looking equipment. Surely this wasn’t going to be on TV?
“Erick Langer, you stand before the Elder Council of Fa’owai on trial for the murder of Elder Emmel, what if anything do you have to say in your defence?”
The room fell silent and all eyes fixed onto me as they awaited my response. 
“I didn’t know Emmel was an Elder,” I admitted glumly. The words had only just escaped my mouth when a man turned to the audience and held up a card with the word ‘laughter’ scribbled across it. This led to a fake wave of hysterics sweeping across the room. 
I had seen some strange things over the last few weeks, but this probably topped them all. None of these people supposedly trying me for murder seemed overly bothered that Emmel was dead; they were more interested in making it into a TV show.
“You didn’t know he was an Elder you say? Is that your excuse? Does that mean in that case, that if you had known he was an Elder, you wouldn’t have killed him?” Asked one of the other Elders.
“I regret the whole thing. I am not a killer,” I replied. “I am deeply sorry, and this would apply whether I had killed an Elder or just an everyday Fa’owain.”
“Ladies and gentlemen, I think you heard that for yourselves. That was an admission, if ever I heard one, that he is just as likely to kill one of you, our beloved viewers, as he is one of the Elders, one of which let us not forget, he has already killed.”

“That’s not what I said,” I protested.
“The audience heard what you said; please do not insult their intelligence by calling them liars.”
More boos echoed around the room as I stood on the platform feeling dejected; this was ridiculous.
“Alright, let’s take five,” shouted the man with the cards. 
The Elders summoned me to their table.
“Hi, I’m Nostos; I’m the Grand Master of Fa’owai. To my left here you have Elder Dicidian, and on my right is Elder Bryan,” he said as he held his hand out. The other two waved.
“Hi,” was all I could mumble as I took his hand and shook it. I didn’t understand why they were suddenly being so friendly.
“You’re doing great,” he said. “When we come back on we will have a vote as to whether you are guilty or not, and then for the time being we’re done in here.”
“A vote?” I asked. “But I am guilty. I’ve already admitted killing him. I smashed his head in with a rock!”
“Well yes, we know technically you are guilty, but we need to fill half an hour here. The viewer’s want a bit of drama,” said Nostos. “We can’t have you admitting the murder in the first five minutes, can we? We simply wouldn’t be able to drag it out.” 
I sighed aggressively.
“The audience will vote as to whether they think you’re guilty or not guilty, and then straight after this episode airs, there will be a live phone –in for everybody watching at home. The results will then be added together, and thus, your fate shall be known,” Bryan advised.
“Is this real?” I asked. “If they find me guilty, what happens?”
“Oh yes, it is most certainly real!” Nostos laughed. “If you’re found guilty you will go to Fa’owai prison.”
“And if not?” 
“For the purposes of the show, you’ll be a free man!” Exclaimed Bryan. “Of course in reality, you’ll go to Fa’owai prison.”
I couldn’t believe that in this day and age people would make an interactive TV program based around somebody being murdered. Having said that, back on New Earth there was a channel dedicated to live bin collections, so maybe I wasn’t the best judge when it came to knowing what audiences wanted. 
“Ok guys, positions please,” a voice shouted. 
“Ooh we’re back on,” Nostos chirped. “Get back to your plinth.”
I walked back to my wooden platform and awaited further direction. An overly excited man started speaking just in front of where the Elders were sat; I guessed from what he said that he was some sort of presenter.
“Before the break, we saw Erick Langer admit to the murder of Elder Emmel. He also admitted to being a liar, and said that he would murder you or me given half a chance. Welcome back folks.”
Nicely twisted, Mr Presenter. 
Nostos gazed at me, before firing more questions my way.
“On a recent episode of ‘Lost on Tharnon,’ you appeared to take the Elder Diamond from Emmel’s head. What became of this?” He asked.
“I’m glad you asked,” I replied. “I have the diamond here.”
I fished around in my pocket until I felt the diamond and proceeded to pull it out.
The room once again went silent aside for some gasping coming from the Elder table.
“Would it be correct to suggest that you intended to sell this diamond?”
“No!” I shrieked defensively, although in truth I hadn’t really thought about what I might use it for.
“May we examine the diamond?” Dicidian asked.
“Sure.” I walked over to the table and placed it in front of them.
After a few moments of deliberation, Dicidian took over the questioning.
“This diamond appears to be smeared in excrement,” he began. “Is this some kind of dirty protest against us and our ways?”
“No, of course not! I found the diamond whilst I was serving my master on Tharnon. I gave it a rub but I couldn’t get it all off.”
“Well the TV footage seems to indicate otherwise, Mr Langer.”
I had no response to this; it genuinely wasn’t worth it. Everybody in that room knew that the video had been edited to make me look like a thief, and no amount of protesting would change that. Returning the diamond was supposed to have made my punishment less severe, but if anything all it had done was add extra weight to their view that I was a thief.
“I put it to you, the people of Fa’owai,” said Nostos. “That this man, this despicable human being, killed our friend Emmel. He stole his diamond and proceeded to cover it in his own waste as a way of further insulting us. Then to top it off, he stands before us and lies about the whole thing.”
I just stood there and nodded sarcastically directly into one of the cameras as the presenter started to make another announcement.
“Alright folks, we’ve reached that time again. You know the drill; green for guilty and red for not guilty.”
“I’m a good man!” I shouted towards the audience in what was my last interaction with them before I was escorted out of the room and into what was curiously referred to as the ‘backstage area.’
I sat alone for a good ten minutes, which was more than enough time for me to have another little think about how shit things had gone. Eventually, Nostos and the others burst through the door smiling.
“Well done,” he beamed. “You were great out there. We have the results of the vote; all we need now is for you to return here later on for the live phone-in at, shall we say… Eight thirty? Is that good for you Dicidian?”
“Yes, eight thirty works for me, what about you Bryan?”
“Not a chance. My wife invited her parents over for supper and apparently I have to be there too, although I’m not sure why. They both clearly hate me. I keep telling her, but she just says that’s what they’re like with everyone. Well, she might say that, but I have never seen her father spit on anybody like he spits on me. Anyway, I can make nine thirty if that’s any good to anyone?”
“Well it’s not ideal Bryan, but I guess it will have to do,” Nostos sighed. “Dicidian, is nine thirty good for you?” 
“It’s a bit late isn’t it; our viewing figures might take a bit of a hit if we do it too late.”
“Yes that’s true,” replied Bryan. “What about now? We’re all here; we could just get it out of the way and have the rest of the day to ourselves.”
“But nobody would call in, Bryan. Everybody thinks the phone-in is later on. At least if we move it back a bit we can put some advertisements out letting people know.”
“Yes… I guess you’re right. Well, we could just do it tomorrow instead. Like you say, if we put a few ads out in the meantime we might even pull in a bigger audience.”
“Good thinking Bryan. Alright, let’s say lunchtime tomorrow, right here, is everybody happy with that?”
Thankfully, everybody was free at lunchtime tomorrow and I was finally allowed out of the building. It wasn’t all good news though, as I was now faced with the prospect of finding somewhere to sleep. That said, I was painfully aware that there was a very real chance it could be the last night I spent anywhere as a free man, so I sucked it up and set off in search of a comfy looking garden.

That night I wandered the curiously dim streets of Elder City. It was a strange place with row after row of houses separated by paths which all converged towards the northernmost part of the city where the Council building dwarfed everything other than a tower situated at its side.
It was still early, but everybody was already inside watching TV.
I had found a mass of bin bags at the side of somebody’s house, so I decided I would spend the night amongst this hefty pile of rubbish. Perhaps this was a metaphor for what my life had become.
I had just about drifted off when out of nowhere I heard loads of banging followed by a woman’s voice shouting my name.
“Erick Langer, is that you in the bins?” She enquired excitedly as she emptied yet another bag of rubbish into her big outside bin.
I said nothing for ages in the hope that she might go away and leave me alone, but we were staring right at each other, so it didn’t really seem worth it.
“Yes it is. What do you want?” I asked. 
“I can’t believe I am talking to the Erick Langer!” 
This woman was hard to look at; she looked like a female version of Nostos, but she seemed genuinely pleased to see me, so I decided to chat.
“What can I do for you?” I asked, in a far more polite manner.
“Can I have your autograph?”
“My autograph? What do you want that for?” 
“I don’t know what it’s like where you come from, but here on Fa’owai you are a famous star,” she explained. “You were in ‘Lost on Tharnon,’ and now there are adverts all over saying that you will be appearing on ‘Guilty or Not Guilty’ too! That’s my favourite show!”
“I’m not a star where I come from. I shouldn’t even be a star here. You know, this is probably the last night I’ll ever spend anywhere other than Fa’owai prison?”
“You’re going to be on ‘Prisoner’s Lives’ too! This just gets better and better,” she squealed in disbelief.
“It doesn’t get any better for me though does it? Ever since I left Earth things have got gradually worse every day.”
“Why don’t you come inside?” She said. “We don’t want you catching the shivers for your big day tomorrow, do we?”
I took her up on her offer as she was right, it was absolutely freezing. Our conversation continued in the same vein well into the early hours. She repeatedly told me how much of a fan of mine she was and I constantly tried to play down my apparent stardom. As much as I was thankful that she had offered me a bed for the night, she had started to irritate me significantly. 
And things only got worse. 
Deep into the night, after she had supposedly gone to bed, she returned to where I was lying down in order to carry out a series of events that left me feeling uneasy, and if truth be told, unsafe.
I hadn’t fully fallen asleep yet, and I had heard her creeping back into the room. At first, my decision to pretend to be asleep looked like a good one. I didn’t want to get roped into another full blown conversation and fake sleep seemed like the best way to prevent it. 
That was until I felt her breath on my neck. 
She remained in the same position for an uncomfortable amount of time. I found it difficult to maintain my sleeping posture as the warm air leaving her mouth tickled my neck. I wasn’t entirely sure what she was getting out of it, but it carried on for a while before she took it a step further. I felt her moving ever so slightly upwards, so her mouth hovered just above my forehead, and then she kissed it. 
Then she kissed it again, and then one more time for good measure. 
I remained motionless throughout. I was convinced that waking up during such an occurrence would only serve to make things worse.
The kissing stopped and she moved away. Internally I was in a state of panic, but to look at me, you wouldn’t have been able to tell. I was just a flaccid mound of flesh on the sofa. A feeling of relief swept through me as I heard her leave the room. This feeling didn’t last long however, as it was replaced by one of dread as she re-entered the room almost as quickly as she had left.
This time though, she meant business. I felt her climbing over me; she wasn’t being discreet. I think she wanted me to wake up. She eventually settled down behind where I was laying and wrapped her arms around me. I couldn’t believe it; I had been spooned against my will by a crazy, obsessive Fa’owain woman whose name I didn’t even know. 
Her antics called for immediate action on my part, so I took it. 
I wriggled around for a bit, then grabbed her arm and threw her forcefully off the sofa. 
I rose to my feet.
She looked up nervously, obviously fearing the worst, given my reputation.
“I find you wholly inappropriate,” I declared. “I’m going back to the bins.”
So I walked out of the house in a huff and slammed the door shut before she had chance to defend her inexcusable behaviour. 
Sure, it would have been nice to have slept in a warm bed inside a warm house, but I had to draw the line somewhere, and as a direct result of me drawing that line, I found myself back outside amongst the trash.

Due in no small part to the previous night’s activities, I slept a lot further into the morning than I’d intended to. Because of this, I only had a matter of minutes before I was due to meet the Elders. I shot to my feet and burst out from within the surprisingly comfortable bin bag den I had made myself and sprinted across the city towards the council building.
“Ah, just in time!” said Bryan as I hurtled through the door to the backstage area.
“We thought you had done a runner for a moment there,” admitted Dicidian. “Now, let me talk you through what is going to happen when we go live.”
Dicidian explained that all I needed to do was stand on the wooden platform and remain silent whilst the presenters refreshed the viewers’ memories as to what awful crimes I had committed.
Easy enough I guess.
“One more thing Mr Langer,” he added. “Today is a very big day for us Elders, for today we shall be visited by Editor, and let me tell you, he doesn’t venture from his tower very often. We need everything to run smoothly, and that means no funny business. Do you understand?”
I never knew where I stood with these people; one second they were being nice and giving me advice, and the next they were almost threatening me. The thought of spending the rest of my life here, starring in a reality TV show set inside a prison, made me feel nauseous. I had to find a way out, but it seemed as though patience would be the key.
“Ok guys, we’re on in 5, 4, 3…” The rest of the countdown was completed with fingers, and upon reaching zero, some music played through the speakers. The room was packed again, and every single one of them hummed along to what must have been the theme tune for this particular show. The music finished, and the presenter came running into shot.
“Hello, and welcome to today’s live phone in. Yesterday we heard how Erick Langer wanted to kill all of us; every last one of us. We saw how he had murdered Elder Emmel, and thanks to good work from the other Elders; we distinguished that he was in fact a compulsive liar, a filthy thief and a sex offender.”
I looked at the floor and shook my head; how could anywhere be this ridiculous?
“It’s now up to you, the viewers at home, to decide whether Erick Langer is…” He paused for a second then completed the final part of the sentence with the help of the audience.
“Guilty or not guilty!” They all shouted together, before a roar of anticipation and the sound of clapping filled the room.
For my part, I did as I was told; I remained on the platform whilst the presenter talked to various experts about whether they thought I was guilty or not. They analysed the footage of the murder in slow motion and the experts were called upon again to talk the viewers through each and every second of the killing. Every time it showed the rock hitting his head, the crowd booed, but then they finished the discussion with a light-hearted clip that showed me being tail-whipped by Maldroth which was unsurprisingly met with laughter and heavy applause. 
Out of shot I had noticed a man wearing an expensive looking fitted suit and a top hat which had been tipped to such a degree that I could only see the lower half of his face. He had both hands resting on top of a cane, the other end of which was pressed against his long pointed shoes. There was something different about this man. He was taller than the Fa’owains. He was much better dressed. He didn’t have a weird neck tail. He was, without wanting to sound offensive; quite normal.
“The moment of truth has arrived people,” the presenter shouted. “The lines are closed and the results are in; we now know the fate of Erick Langer.”
One audience member gasped really loudly, and got immediately shushed by another.
“The people of Fa’owai have spoken, and they find you, Erick Langer…” He paused for dramatic effect. “Guilty!”
More loud music started playing through the speakers and everybody in the room danced along; even the Elders danced a little, albeit somewhat reluctantly.
The normal looking man instantly headed for the exit, and I was escorted out of the hall and back into the backstage area. All I could hear was the audience chanting, ‘loser, loser,’ as I was paraded past them. 
“Set of fucking Idiots!” I shouted towards the door. My comments were meant for the audience, but as the words were still leaving my mouth, Nostos and the others walked through and got all offended.
“Well, there’s no need for that,” Dicidian screamed. 
“I’m sorry; I was talking to the audience.”
“That’s even worse. They didn’t travel all this way to hear you using obscene language. Appalling...”
Keen to brush this little misunderstanding to one side, Nostos piped up.
“Right… well, obscenities aside, well done Mr Langer. For your first performance that was very good.”
“Here, here,” agreed Bryan. “We just need to pose for a few photographs in the media area outside and then we’re all done. After that you can do what you want, assuming what you want is to go straight to prison… eh?”
Bryan laughed and nudged me playfully, but I didn’t appreciate the joke.
We were ushered outside to where the photographers had assembled and asked to smile for the camera. Well I didn’t feel like smiling, and in one last act of defiance, I kept a completely straight face. 
That’ll fucking show them.






The first thing I thought as I approached Fa’owai Prison was, ‘Why is it under a massive dome?’ It looked weird and out of place. I decided I would ask somebody at the first opportunity.
I wandered up to the prison gates which automatically slid open allowing me to walk straight into the reception area. 
“We’ve been expecting you sir,” said a man. “I’m Quarbas, and I will be showing you around your new home.”
“Oh, hi Quarbas, that’s a lovely name,” I replied. Truthfully, I felt indifferent towards his name and I’m not entirely sure why I mentioned it at all. 
“Thank you sir, my parents gave me it as a child.”
Quarbas seemed a bit simple and he looked old, but it was difficult to tell on Fa’owai just how old a person actually was.
Simple or not, he certainly knew his onions when it came to Fa’owai prison. Now, over the last few weeks I had been in my fair share of prison environments, but as I drank in the guided tour I soon realised that this particular prison was in fact more akin to a luxury holiday resort. Where usually there would have been a food hall, there was instead a posh looking restaurant with well-dressed waiters. Where I expected cells with wafer thin bedding, there were huge apartments complete with their own pools and mattresses that weren’t just piles of bin bags. There were no guards; instead there was a team of cameramen who had been tasked with filming our every move.
 “Quarbas, I was wondering, why is the prison under a giant dome?” I asked.
“Oh, good question sir,” he replied. “It didn’t always used to be like this, but with the amount of celebrities we have staying here with us, the natives used to try all sorts of things to get in, and well let’s say, ‘share a moment’ with them.”
“I see.”
“Yes, there was this one woman who kept finding a way in at night. She would often be found spooning our more established guests first thing in a morning. Not that they knew anything about it, mind you.”
“This might surprise you Quarbas, but I think I might know this woman you speak of.”
“Oh, really sir, how so?”
“Well let’s just say she tried to share a moment with me last night.”
“Oh dear sir, I am deeply sorry, but it doesn’t surprise me at all; you are probably the most famous person we have let through these doors in the last ten years.”
“I still can’t get my head round why you all think I’m famous.”
“Before you killed Emmel, you were just one of the others; people had you marked in the same bit-part category as Oscer or Steve for example. When people watched you smash Emmel’s head to pieces, it was all anybody could talk about. We knew it was only a matter of time before you would be brought here to Fa’owai, to appear on all our wonderful shows.”
“I don’t understand. If you were watching all that, you must have known about Emmel being there. Why did nobody go back for him?” I asked.
“I’m not important enough to know why the decision was made, all I can say is that the Elders pleaded for his release, but Editor was the one who decided that we would leave him.”
“Who is this Editor that people keep going on about?”
“He runs the show, and he who runs the show, also runs the planet. He is the one who makes all the decisions about what shows are on, and how they are filmed and so on. You can guarantee that his decision to leave Emmel on Tharnon will have had something to do with ratings.”
“If I wanted to meet Editor, how would I go about it?”
“The truth is you will only meet him if he asks for you. None of us have met him, so don’t hold your breath. Anyway sir, this is your room.”
Quarbas opened the door and stepped aside. It was magnificent. 
“If that is all sir, I have things that I should be tending to,” stated Quarbas.
“Of course, thank you Quarbas, you have been very helpful. Oh, just one more thing before you go.”
“What is it sir?”
“What exactly am I supposed to be doing?”
“Just exist sir, that’s all they want. This is a reality TV show, so just be real, and try not to let anything get to you.”
“Anything get to me. Like what? What kind of things Quarbas? You made that sound a bit unsettling.”
“Well, nobody wants to watch a bunch of prisoners walking around doing nothing all the time. It gets boring and repetitive. Editor knows this, and he takes extreme measures to keep things interesting. For example, a few months ago, our guests were chased around the prison for four days straight by D’moraec predators. We later found out that they were just holograms, but we didn’t know that at the time and I can honestly say it was the most traumatic experience of my life. Then there was the time that our doors were removed and replaced with turnstiles. As you can imagine, this was much less terrifying but extremely frustrating nonetheless. Then there was that time…” 
“No need to continue Quarbas,” I interrupted. “I get the picture.”
Quarbas’ words stuck with me during my time on Fa’owai. Exist was exactly what I did, nothing more and nothing less. I made a conscious effort not to get involved in anything out of the ordinary, and once I had made peace with the fact that I would never return to my home on New Earth, I even started to enjoy myself a little. So when I received a letter from Editor, asking me to report to his office in the tower, I started to worry about what he might want and what it would mean for my new found happiness.

I left the prison and headed up towards the tower. Quarbas had been instructed to escort me so I didn’t try to escape, although I’m not sure he had any of the required attributes to prevent such an occurrence if I had to be completely honest. 
We entered the tower through a big glass door at the base and I think it’s fair to say we were both taken aback by the width of the staircase.
“Why are they so wide?” I asked.
“I have no idea, sir,” sighed Quarbas. “I’ve never seen stairs so wide. There doesn’t appear to be a lift either.”
“This is ridiculous,” I declared venomously, but there was nobody on hand to jot down my complaint.
We started our ascent up the stairs slowly. Quarbas had knowledge and wisdom leaking out of every orifice, but at the other end of the scale, he severely lacked any sort of physical prowess. By the time we had reached the third floor he had started wheezing and sweat was dripping from his face.
“I’m sorry sir,” he spluttered. “You will have to continue alone. Please don’t run away though, as I’m afraid I might lose my job if you do.”
“Don’t worry, if I was going to try and escape I would have done it by now, Quarbas. You wait here, I’ll be back shortly.”
I left Quarbas coughing and slumped up against a wall whilst I continued at a much more reasonable pace up the stairs. By the time I had reached the top I had climbed about twenty seven floors since I’d left him. 
This Editor person must have had quite an inflated opinion of himself to have given himself an office so high up. Either that or he simply didn’t want to be disturbed. After all, my legs were supercharged, but I could still feel my muscles tightening up. People with regular legs had no chance.
I soon learned that I was wrong on both counts. Editor’s office wasn’t there. Nobody’s office was there. There were no offices on the top floor. There weren’t even any artificial plants to look at whilst you got your breath back.
For fuck’s sake.
“There was nothing there, Quarbas. It’s a good thing you stayed put,” I shouted as I ran back down the stairwell. “How are you feeling?”
I didn’t get an answer. I wasn’t sure whether this was because he didn’t have the energy to speak, or because I simply hadn’t heard his response due to me being too far away, but by the time I had returned to the third floor to find Quarbas twisted around on the floor, I knew something was amiss.
“Quarbas!” I shouted as I shook his body. “Quarbas, wake up!”
He didn’t respond to the first bout of shaking, so I shook him again. 
“Wake up Quarbas! Please!” 
Still nothing.
“Hahaha, good one Quarbas,” I laughed, but he clearly wasn’t joking.
“You can’t die here!” I screamed, but realistically he could probably have died anywhere, and in any case he seemed to be doing a great job of proving me wrong. “Come on now, Quarbas. Let’s be having you.” 
But he just laid there like a big, dead idiot. 
“Quarbas,” I shouted, over and over again, to the point where I said it so many times, his name lost all meaning.
I hadn’t been in situations like this very often, but even I knew that there was only so long you could spend shouting somebody’s name whilst squatting over their face before it started to look silly. So I stopped, stepped away and composed myself. I still had a meeting to get to, and I intended to go regardless of the fact that I had a dead friend on the third floor. I could deal with that afterwards.
Having already set foot on every single floor within the tower, I decided to start again from the bottom. This turned out to be a good decision, as the bottom floor was where Editor’s office was, inexplicably tucked away underneath the immense staircase.
I knocked once, quietly, before noticing a buzzer, which I also pressed, just to make sure he knew I’d arrived.
“Come in,” a muffled voice said.
I cautiously opened the door and slowly peeped around the edge. Sat down behind a desk towards the far side of the office was the normal looking man I had seen during the filming of my live trial. 
“Come in, come in,” he urged. “Take a seat.”
“Thank you, sir,” I replied. “Pleased to meet you.”
“Don’t call me sir,” he advised. “Now then, you’re probably wondering why I called you here tonight. Yes?”
“Yes,” I replied with a nervous anticipation. Editor spoke with an accent similar to one of the mob bosses from a re-run I’d seen on Old Earth TV; a channel on New Earth. 
“Here’s what I’m thinking. You are a big star, yes? Of course you are. People love you, people want to see you on TV, yes? Of course they do. Are you wasted on that reality TV show? Of course you are. You are bigger and better than that, yes?”
“Of course I am,” I interrupted proudly.
“Please don’t interrupt me when I’m trying to talk to you.”
“Sorry,” I answered sheepishly, after an uncomfortable pause.
“Anyway, here is what I have planned, are you ready for this?”
I stared at him, wondering whether he wanted me to answer or not. By the time I’d made my mind up, there had been too much of a pause to say anything anyway, and my hesitation hadn’t gone unnoticed.
“Are you even listening to me?” He asked.
“Yes, I just… I’m sorry, please carry on.”
“I want you to return this,” he explained, before handing me Emmel’s diamond. “As you can see we’ve had it cleaned up a bit.”
“Wow, you’ve done a good job. There were stains all over this last time I had hold of it. Where exactly do you want me to take it?”
But before Editor had a chance to respond, the door to his office flew open, sending paperwork flying all over the place. I turned around to try and get a glimpse of just what kind of person would be so rude as to interrupt such an important meeting.
“Quarbas?” I exclaimed. “I thought you were dead!”
“I was just sleeping sir. Those stairs were a lot steeper than they looked.”
“I was going to come back for you after…”
“Its fine sir, please, forget about it,” he replied, before I could finish my sentence.
“May I continue?” Asked Editor, who was visibly annoyed by the untimely interruption. On a personal level, I was thrilled that Quarbas was still alive and I didn’t have to touch his dead body.
“Sorry, please go on.”
“Thank you. It’s Fa’owai tradition that when an Elder dies, be it naturally or brutally murdered long before their time, we pass their diamond on to their next of kin. According to our records, that honour falls to Emmel’s mother and father.”
I started wondering why I had been called to Editor’s office for what appeared to be some kind of local delivery job. Was this really what my career had boiled down to?
“Now, you are probably sat there wondering why I have asked for you to do what might appear to be some kind of job for a delivery man.”
“No, not at all,” I lied. “I’m honoured that you asked.”
“Let me explain. Emmel’s family and Fa’owai go back a long way, I’m talking centuries here; so far in fact that they were one of the first families to settle on this planet. Back then Fa’owai was a different place to the one you know and love. Whereas now we set the standard with cutting edge television, back then they set a similar standard, but radio was their method of broadcast.”
“I see, but how does this relate to Emmel’s parents?” I asked.
“Emmel’s parents lived here during the transitional period between radio and television. I know it’s hard to believe that television hasn’t always been a part of our history, but it’s true, and there was a lot of anger and scepticism when the changes were announced. His parents were part of a small group of people that decided they would abandon the planet; retribution they said, for the planet abandoning its tradition, although nobody really noticed they were gone.” 
“So where are they now?”
“The last we heard they had shacked up on Phortos.”
“Phortos?” I asked.
“Yes, Phortos,” he confirmed. “Here’s where it gets interesting though; I want to film the whole thing.”
“You want to film a delivery?” I asked.
“Well when you say it like that it sounds crazy, but that’s where you come in. You do crazy better than anybody else. There’s never a dull moment when you’re around.”
“Couldn’t somebody else do it?” 
“Good question,” he admitted. “But aside from you being extremely popular and a sure fire ratings hit, you are the one who killed Emmel, and we want to capture the reaction of his parents when you tell them who you are.”
“The thing is, none of this was in my contract, and to be honest, I’m not overly sold on the idea. I’m quite settled here now, and the thought of telling Emmel’s parents that I killed their son is just not pleasant.” 
“I’m aware of that, and I thought you might get all antsy about it, so what if I make you an offer you can’t refuse?”
“What kind of offer?” 
“If you do this for me, I would be prepared to terminate your contract.”
“Terminate my contract? So I could go home?”
“You could go wherever you wanted to. Listen, I’m a fair man. I believe after this you will have earned your freedom. I also believe that people will soon start to get tired of seeing you on their screens every day. I’ve seen it happen a thousand times already, so going out with a bang like this seems like the best for all concerned.”
“Alright, I’m in,” I declared.
“Excellent. I’ll draw up the necessary paperwork and I’ll have it ready for you to sign in the morning. In the meantime you should find yourself a crew.”
With those words I exited the office and immediately turned to Quarbas.
“Please will you be in my crew?” I asked. “I need someone with universal knowledge, and I think you fit the bill quite nicely.”
“Nothing would please me greater sir,” he replied.
“Excellent, now, do you know anybody else who might want to join our crew? I’m particularly keen on finding somebody who owns or has access to a ship.”
“I know of two freelance pilots, sir.”
“Brilliant, Quarbas, lead the way!”
“Well sir, it might be difficult.”
“Oh here we go; I should have known there would be something.”
“One of the pilots was Silios, but as you already know he has gone AWOL,” Quarbas explained. “Nobody has seen him since he disgraced himself on Tharnon.”
“Well what about the other one?”
“He’ll certainly be available, sir, but he has a reputation as being a bit of a drunkard.”
“Right, well surely that wouldn’t be too bad, would it?” I asked with a somewhat false optimism. “He appears to be our only option anyway.”
Quarbas told me that I might be able to find my drunken pilot drowning his sorrows in a bar aptly named ‘The Thirsty Person.’ Naturally, that was our next stop.
As we entered the building we were met with the foisty aroma of beer, sweat and desperation. I think the desperation may have been coming from me, but it was hard to tell. I looked around at all the world-weary faces. There was nobody that looked remotely like a pilot, but plenty of people who looked like drunkards.
“Which one is it Quarbas?” I asked.
Quarbas said nothing, but pointed almost ashamedly towards the most slipshod man I have ever seen. Now, if there was one person I could have chosen to not be the pilot, it would have been him. Sure, most people in The Thirsty Person were drunk and rowdy, but this guy was facing a wall and dancing into it. He was, even by my standards, a bit of a joke. 
“Excuse me,” I shouted as I tapped him on the shoulder. He turned and looked at us, not once breaking rhythm.
“Are you a pilot?” I asked, secretly hoping that Quarbas had got the wrong man.
“Who’s asking?” He slurred.
“I’m asking,” I confirmed as I pointed towards my own face.
“And who are you?” 
“I’m Erick Langer.”
“You’re not Erick Langer.”
“Quarbas, are you sure there are no other pilots on Fa’owai?” I whispered, again in hope.
“Not at our disposal sir,” Quarbas answered. “We simply have to bag this man.”
“What is his name?”
“Nobody knows sir; it seems he has no friends or family to speak of on Fa’owai. Most people refer to him as ‘Dancing Man’ or ‘Dancer,’ due to his relentless urge to dance.”
“Excuse me, Dancer, we hoped you might consider helping us out with a new film that Editor is making.”
“What exactly is it you’d have me doing?” He asked as he shuffled towards me.
“Well, you would be our pilot, so you would fly the ship,” I explained as he flounced around me in a circle. 
“And what do I get out of it?”
I paused for a moment, before offering him a dozen crates of beer. I knew it was a potentially fatal move, but it seemed like the only way he would agree to our offer, and our lack of an alternative meant that I had to do everything I could to secure his services.
“Deal,” he said triumphantly. “Now, how about a celebratory dance?” By this point he had climbed onto a table and was using it as his own personal stage.
“No thanks,” I replied sternly.
“Suit yourself,” he said as he gyrated his bare chest centimetres from my face, probably intentionally. After witnessing him lick the air provocatively, I knew it was time to leave.
“Bring your ship to the landing area outside the council building tomorrow morning.”
Dancer saluted and continued his eccentric routine. I don’t know what Quarbas had made of it all, but I had found the whole thing quite unsettling.
“So we have a pilot of sorts and a ship, and then me and you,” I told Quarbas. “Am I overlooking anything Quarbas?”
“Yes sir, I strongly recommend hiring some muscle.”
“Some muscle?” I asked, confused.
“Yes sir. I strongly urge you to consider taking somebody with some degree of combat training. None of us really know what we’re going to come up against out there. The Universe is a huge place full of grotesque things that always seem to happen when you’re least prepared. Also, our pilot is very unpredictable sir, he could snap for no apparent reason.”
As usual, Quarbas had a good point, so I acted on his advice. I scoured the city for hours and came back with a chap called Dennis; the biggest Fa’owain I had ever seen. His arms were one hundred per cent muscle, which was unusual for a Fa’owain native. I must admit, he did look a little odd, but then, I’d never met a Fa’owain who didn’t look a little odd. That said, there are two questions you should ask yourself when hiring a bodyguard. Does he look intimidating, and does he carry a weapon? If the answer to both these questions is no, then it’s likely that you have bumped in to a con-man who is merely selling himself as a bodyguard. If you can answer yes to one of the questions, it’s likely that you have bumped in to a slightly more convincing con-man. A good bodyguard should tick both boxes, which is why I opted for Dennis. His stature was hefty and his gun was even heftier, and nothing bad can happen if you have a man with a gun on your team.





The next morning arrived a little too quickly for my liking. Once again I’d had little sleep due to a constant niggling worry that I hadn’t been able to shake off.
“Quarbas, I was wondering, have you ever seen Dancer’s ship?” I asked anxiously.
“No sir, I haven’t.”
“Shall I tell you what I’m worried about Quarbas?”
“If you’re anything like me sir, you’ll be worrying about whether Dancer even has a ship.”
“Bingo,” I shouted.
“What is bingo, sir?”
“It doesn’t matter Quarbas,” I sighed impatiently. “What I meant was that you were right; that is exactly what I’m worried about. If he turns up without a ship, I genuinely don’t know what we’ll do.”
“We’ll see sir; it’s quite probable that we’ll find out exactly what you would do in just a few moments.”
Quarbas was right. We found out almost immediately.
“This might actually be worse than having no ship,” I muttered. Quarbas failed to respond. He was probably lost for words, or just short of breath. It really could have been either.
My fears were confirmed when Dancer stumbled to the entrance of his ship. He was clearly drunk which was bad news in itself. The one positive I managed to draw from this situation was that he was so inebriated, he had stopped dancing. 
“This is your ship then is it?” I sighed. “Be honest with me now Dancer, are we all going to fit in there?”
“This is indeed my ship,” he was slurring again. “There is plenty of room inside; come and see for yourself.”
From the outside, the ship looked like it had broken down a long time ago and never been repaired. He had gone for a similar look inside too. It was utterly shambolic. The screeching sound that the door made whenever it was opened was dreadful. There were no individual rooms on this ship either, just one open area which would act as everything from sleeping quarters to control room and whatever in-betweens we needed it to be.
I was loading the crates of beer that I had promised Dancer onto the ship when Editor arrived holding Emmel’s diamond.
“So this is your crew?” he laughed. “This should be even better than I thought! Here, I brought you the diamond.”
I put the diamond into my pocket just to be safe. I didn’t want to leave it unattended, not with Dancer around.
“You’ll all need to put these in,” instructed Editor. “I thought it might be interesting to have footage from an individual perspective and then edit the results.”
“What are they?”
“They’re contact lenses that will record what you’re getting up to. Clever eh? Just remember not to close your eyes during any of the fun bits.”
“What about when we’re sleeping sir?” Asked Quarbas.
“As we speak, my men are fitting the ship with cameras that will pick up anything that happens on board. Judging by the size of this ship though, you’ll probably only need one,” he laughed again. “Here, you might as well take these.”
Editor handed me a palm sized box containing more of the contact lens cameras.
“After we’ve finished do I need to come back?” I asked.
“You can do whatever you want. As far as I’m concerned your work on Fa’owai is done once this is over. If I never see you again, on behalf of the viewers on Fa’owai, I would like to thank you for your service.”
I shook his hand and he returned to his office. He wasn’t too bad actually.
During my conversation with Editor, Quarbas and Dennis had managed to cram the last of the crates onto the ship, which resulted in us having much less room than we first anticipated; so much so that when we initially pulled the door shut in order to take off, the edge of one of the crates smashed through the glass window on the top half of the door. I asked Dancer if he might consider leaving some of the crates on Fa’owai so he has something to look forward to on his return, but he wasn’t interested in reaching any sort of compromise. 
I ended up having to fire Dennis, which was mightily embarrassing, but in fairness, had I known that Dancer’s ship was so tiny, I wouldn’t have hired somebody with such massive arms.
Fortunately, this ended up being only a minor setback and after using an entire roll of duct tape to patch up the window, we were allowed to take off.
“So where is it we’re going?” Mumbled Dancer.
“Phortos, Dancer. Please, don’t forget that,” I replied sternly.
To be fair to Dancer, I hadn’t actually told him where we were supposed to be going. I was thankful that he had even bothered to ask. Who knows where we could have ended up had he not breached the subject so early into the journey? 
“Do you know where Phortos is?” I asked.
“I haven’t got a clue,” replied Dancer.
“Have you ever even heard of Phortos?” I continued.
“I have not,” he replied. “I don’t think it will be much of a problem though.”
“Oh really, why is that?”
“I have a map,” he boasted confidently.
“You have a map? Have you looked at it yet?”
“No, I haven’t as it happens,” he replied.
“A map isn’t much good if you’re not going to look at it is it?”
“No, you make a fair point there,” he admitted whilst chuckling to himself.
“Can I have a look at it?”
“Aye, be my guest.”
He handed me a ripped piece of paper that had been resting just in front of him.
“Dancer, this isn’t even a map. It looks like a child’s drawing of some planets.”
“That would make sense actually, it was a child who gave it to me.”
“And you just accepted that it was a map without looking at it?”
“I had no cause to believe the lad was a liar. I’ll tell you now though, I won’t be trusting him again. You can only fool this man once,” he claimed whilst pointing at himself.
“This is unbelievable,” I said, shaking my head disapprovingly. “We’ll have to stop at the next fuelling dock and ask for directions.”
So that is exactly what we did. Dancer managed to stay focussed enough to land the ship on the pad and I went inside to ask for directions to Phortos. I returned to the ship moments later to find Dancer with a bottle of beer in each hand; both already half finished.
“Are you joking?” I asked in amazement. “More beer? We’ve only been travelling a few hours.”
“I’m very, very thirsty,” he spluttered.
“Pardon me for interrupting sir, but did you find out where we are?” Quarbas asked.
“Yes. We were going the wrong way all that time,” I announced. “It’s not really a surprise is it; our pilot has been following a child’s drawing for a large chunk of the journey. The man in the station showed me our position on a map. He showed me where we’ve come from and then he showed me where we’re going. We couldn’t have got further away from our destination if we had been trying. We’ll have to go all that way back.”
I had originally thought that delivering a diamond might be a fairly simple job. Just drop it off and then go home, but it had already reached a point where every time Dancer managed to safely land somewhere, I felt as though I had cheated death.

A couple of extremely dull days later, we finally landed on Phortos. For reasons unknown, Quarbas had failed to mention that he suffered from travel sickness, and as a result, all three of us had got patches of his glue-like vomit stuck to our clothes. 
“I wonder what the natives are like,” said Dancer.
“To the best of my knowledge, Phortos is primarily occupied by humans, with small pockets of Fa’owains and even smaller pockets of Morosians,” stated Quarbas. “We shouldn’t have any problems as far as communicating goes.”
My first impressions of Phortos were that it looked a lot like Earth, although technology had completely bypassed the inhabitants. It looked like something from the middle-ages of Old Earth. The people we approached in the streets all completely ignored us, but that could have been due to the sick on our clothes, and if that was the case then fair play to them.
According to Quarbas, who had been hurling information at me non-stop for pretty much the entire journey, Phortos had been discovered a few hundred years ago by humans, which explained why there were so many similarities with Earth. 
He also mentioned that out of all the planets that humans now inhabited, Phortos was by far the smallest. I took this as very good news, because in truth, we had no idea where to start looking for Emmel’s parents.
“I think we should split up,” I said as we stopped just in front of an apple stall in the middle of a market. 
There were two reasons why this suggestion made sense. First of all, three pairs of eyes always had, and always would be better than one when it came to looking for something. Also, we had been fitted with state of the art eye cameras, and so far we had all filmed the same things on account of being together non-stop. Now seemed as good a time as any to start spicing things up a bit and using them to their full potential.
“As you wish sir,” said Quarbas. “Although, I’m not sure that Dancer should be left alone.”
“You’re probably right,” I admitted. “Quarbas, can you and Dancer search around the market and see if you can find anything? I’m going to head down into the valley and see what’s down there.”
“Of course, sir.”
“Splendid. We’ll meet back here later on.”


Hidden away right at the foot of the valley was a village, so I wandered in and had a gander. A couple of women were raking the floor outside one of the houses, which seemed strangely promising, so I readied my manners and walked towards them smiling.
“Hello ladies, how are you?” I beamed in my most cheerful tone.
They didn’t even look at me.
“Sorry to bother you, but I wondered if you might be able to help me out.”
My smile slowly faded and with it my patience, as they continued their brilliant display of ignorance.
“I have news regarding one of the Fa’owain Elders.”
Still nothing. I couldn’t fathom why they were blanking me. Any sick I had got on me was on my back and I hadn’t turned around once; there was no way they could have known about that. Whatever their reason, it had made me furious and I well and truly lost my cool.
“Listen you two, I battered an Elder to death with a rock and now I need to find his mother and father, or else.”
That’ll grab their attention, I thought to myself whilst wearing a satisfied smile, but it didn’t. 
By now, I was more confused than I was angry. What was wrong with people around here? 
Then I had a thought.
A strange feeling swam around inside me; a lot like the one I had experienced moments before I murdered Emmel. I knew I was about to do something unsavoury, but how unsavoury?
Without stopping to consider the implications, I knelt down in front of the younger of the two ladies and bit her rake into two pieces, before returning to my feet and staring into her eyes, hoping for a reaction. 
My mouth had fully recovered after it had taken more than its fair share of punishment during my time on Tharnon. Sure, there were a few scars, but nothing serious enough to stop me biting through this woman’s gardening equipment.
The woman stopped, and stared back at me with an almighty look of disapproval, but what did I expect? Thanks? Nobody wants their rake to be bitten in half, but at least this proved that they knew I was there. I had started worrying that Dancer had accidentally driven us through some kind of space warp which had left the three of us invisible in this timeline.
What it didn’t do however, is make either of the women want to talk to me. First, the woman with the broken rake walked into her house and slammed the door, then the other woman threw her rake to the ground, spat on my shoes and stormed into her own house.
I stood next to a downstairs window which was conveniently wedged open, and I listened. She was telling somebody how a strange man had bitten her rake in half and that she couldn’t complete her chores. Judging by all the commotion that followed, this news had badly upset whoever it was that had been told. It was enough to make me worry about remaining in the immediate area, so I got away before anything had chance to develop.
Not far down the road from the village, I came across another, slightly bigger village, somewhat hidden within the trees. There were no women gardening, so I started knocking on doors instead. 
By the time anybody had answered, I had reached my fourth house. 
Finally, somebody willing to talk. 
A skinny human, about my age, wearing glasses and an awful denim suit opened his door slightly and looked at me.
“Hello there,” I began. “I’m looking for the parents of a Fa’owain Elder named Emmel.”
“Emmel? Is he alright?” Asked the man.
“No. Far from it in fact.”
“How so?”
“Well… he’s dead.”
“Oh dear, that really is sad news,” he declared. “What happened to him?”
“I’m not entirely sure,” I lied. I sensed that this man might once have known Emmel, and I didn’t want to anger him by telling him how I had murdered his friend. 
“Did you know him well?” I asked sympathetically.
“I’ve no idea who he is to be honest, but it’s never nice to hear about death is it?” he claimed, before stepping back inside and closing his door.
“Goodbye then,” I shouted sarcastically. 
“Goodbye,” I heard a muffled shout from the other side of his door; he clearly hadn’t noted the sarcasm.
Fucking idiot.
Another few houses later and I received mixed news. At one point it almost seemed straight forward; an old Morosian couple told me that they knew where I needed to go. Brilliant, I thought, but the good news was swiftly followed by bad news, and then worse news, as I’ve come to expect. 
Emmel’s father passed away twenty years ago, and his mother had controversially re-married a human almost immediately afterwards. They had a child together before he left the planet, and now the mother lived with her daughter in a village up the road; the one where I had just come from, and apparently, her daughter could usually be found working out in the garden. 
After hearing this, it seemed fairly obvious who the daughter was, but I didn’t want to go back there by myself. Not after all the shouting. I decided to head back to the stall and wait for the others. 
As I approached the market, I noticed that the other two were already waiting for me.
“Any luck sir?” Asked Quarbas.
“As a matter of fact, yes, I managed to find somebody who told me where they live.”
“Excellent sir, shall we get moving then?”
“Yes, well, I’m afraid it isn’t going to be as straight forward as it might have been.”
“How so?” Asked Dancer
“Well, without going into too much detail, Emmel’s father is dead, the mother now lives with her daughter from a different marriage, to a human no less, and I’m fairly sure I met the daughter earlier and destroyed her rake.”
“Why would you do that sir?”
“It’s not something I’m proud of Quarbas, but she ignored me, and I guess the red mist just descended and I didn’t deal with it at all well.”
“I see, so what are we going to do now?”
“You’ll have to go and talk to them instead,” I declared, intentionally failing to mention that there was a potentially violent person inside the house who may or may not still be very angry about the lack of gardening going on outside. “Follow me and I’ll take you to their house.”
Once we’d arrived back in the valley, I gave Quarbas a full briefing. 
“There were two women out here earlier. Either one of them could be the daughter, but I’m convinced the one we’re after is in this house,” I said, pointing towards the house where all the banging and smashing had been coming from previously.
“What should I tell them sir?”
“Just mention what happened to Emmel, but don’t go into too much detail with it, and don’t tell them my name. Tell them that I have come to deliver his diamond. Oh and apologize for the whole rake incident if you can.”
“I’ll do my best sir.”
I watched from around the side of the house as Quarbas knocked on the door three times. The window was still wedged open slightly and I could hear people arguing about who should answer the door. 
Quarbas stood patiently at the door, but nobody came.
“I don’t think anyone’s home sir.”
“I heard arguing Quarbas, they’re definitely in. Knock again.”
So he knocked again, and the arguing briefly recommenced and then abruptly stopped, but still nobody answered the door.
“This is ridiculous!” I scorned. “Why won’t they answer the door?”
My temper had frayed so badly since I’d left Earth. I couldn’t pinpoint the exact moment I had become such an angry person; it usually took a lot more than somebody refusing to answer their door to infuriate me, but I was on the brink of exploding with rage. 
All I wanted to do was give them back their son’s fucking diamond. In fact, I didn’t even want to; I had to. If they weren’t coming out, I was going in.
“I’m going in Quarbas, you keep an eye on Dancer.” 
Dancer had fallen asleep at the side of the house, which was probably for the best. I couldn’t help but think that the eye cameras had been a massive waste of time as far as he was concerned. He had spent long periods of the journey asleep and the rest was probably so badly out of focus it was most likely unusable.
“Do you need a leg up, sir?” Quarbas asked, as he witnessed me struggling to hoist myself up to the open window. 
I’d like to have seen that fat little mess do a better job. 
“No, Quarbas, I’m all good.”
First I squeezed my head and my arms through the narrow gap, and then I forced the window open with my back, just enough to slide my shoulders through.
“Oh God! Help, Help! He’s coming in!” A woman shouted. I couldn’t see her, but I could tell by how her voice quivered that she was either old or terrified; possibly both. The piercing screams were also a good indication.
“I’m not going to hurt anybody,” I protested urgently as two women started hitting me with brooms. 
“Stop it!” I begged, “I have something for you.”
I dropped down from the windowsill and fell a short distance on to a table, and then the floor. The women continued hitting me.
“Are you Emmel’s mother?” I asked as I struggled to my feet.
“Yes I am; what of it?” The beating ceased, but she held the prickly end of the broom to my face like some kind of furry sword.
“This must be your daughter then?” I turned to the woman stood next to her. “I’m very sorry about your rake; I don’t know what came over me. I will go to the market and replace it immediately.”
“It’s no use talking to her,” she said. “She’s deaf as a door nail.”
“Oh really? I just thought she was ignoring me.”
“Oh no, she wouldn’t do that; she’s a polite one is this one,” she smiled at her daughter whilst playfully prodding her cheek.
“I see. Well if anything that makes my actions even more disgraceful. I truly am very, very sorry. Out of interest, are there a lot of deaf people on Phortos?”
“I don’t think so, why?” She looked confused.
“A lot of people have been ignoring me since I arrived, and I’m not sure why it is.”
“It’s because you’re covered in sick,” she said confidently. “I won’t judge you for that though; I know from experience how hard it is to get sick off your clothes.”
“Is that so?” I asked out of politeness. 
“Yes, it’s one of the more stubborn stains,” she advised. “Anyway, you mentioned Emmel, is that why you’re here?”
“Yes, there is no easy way to say this, but I’m afraid your son is dead.”
She dropped her broom and looked to the ground.
“It is terrible business all that,” she nodded knowingly. “We told him he’d get into trouble if he stayed on Fa’owai but he wouldn’t listen.”
“You already knew?” I asked
“Of course we knew; we heard it on the radio; well I did, she can’t hear anything. If I ever find the lowlife that hit him with that rock I’ll… well I don’t know what I’ll do, but I’ll make sure I’m not wearing my hospitable trousers that’s for certain.”
“Do you know what he looks like? The man who killed him I mean.”
“You don’t get pictures on a radio,” she explained. “It’s one of the reasons we moved here all those years ago; it’s more accepting of the more traditional way of life, but I suppose if I’d had a TV, I could have seen who it was.”
Sensing that she didn’t know who I was, I tailored my response accordingly.
“Yes, whoever did it must have some serious issues,” I stated. “I recently spent some time on Fa’owai myself, and I was asked to bring this to you.”
I reached into my pocket and pulled out Emmel’s diamond.
“Is that… his Elder diamond?” She said emotionally.
“Yes, I was told that it’s tradition to return it to his family.”
“I don’t know what to say, I didn’t think we’d get this back to be honest with you. Thank you Mr… Oh, I’m sorry I didn’t catch your name.”
“Ah… well… I’m…” I stuttered. It had actually reached a point where I would need to pretend to be myself. 
“I’m Conrad Donovan.”
“Thank you Mr Donovan,” she smiled. “I’ll put this on our special shelf just above the radio.”
“Good idea.”
Emmel’s mother was kind enough to let me leave through the door, and the first thing I did was re-join Quarbas and Dancer to tell them the good news.
“Mission accomplished,” I announced.
“Excellent sir, I was worried about you for a while.”
“Did you find the diamond?” Asked Dancer who had found another beer from somewhere.
“I was returning the diamond… honestly Dancer, how are you still alive?” 
“Can we leave now sir?” asked Quarbas.
“We certainly can,” I replied. “Dancer, do you know the way to New Earth?”
“I’m afraid I don’t,” he replied. “But if you give me that map back I’ll have a look.”
“It’s not a…” I hesitated. “Are you even a real pilot?”
“I… I don’t know,” he mumbled.
“I’d like to come back here someday,” Quarbas admitted as we climbed back into Dancer’s ship. “It’s so much more peaceful and easy going than Fa’owai.”
“It’s good to dream,” I said.
“What do you dream about sir?”
“I dream about all sorts of things, Quarbas, but the one place all my dreams lead back to is Earth; there really is no place like home, I know that for a fact.”
“You might be right sir. You must be happy that you can return now.”
“I’m absolutely delighted.”
We decided not to bother asking Dancer what he dreamt about. Harsh maybe, but I had no desire to find out what lurked in his crazy mind.
The journey back to New Earth was remarkably similar to the journey to Phortos. We spent a large portion of the time going in the wrong direction and Dancer remained drunk the entire distance, although once we were heading in the right direction we made good time, reaching our destination within just a few hours. This was the one and only benefit of having a driver who had a complete disregard for his own safety and that of his passengers; he either didn’t care or didn’t realise just how far over the speed limit he was going.
Quarbas’ prediction that Dancer would get violent at some point came to fruition when Dancer mistakenly referred to Quarbas as his mother on a number of occasions. 
Quarbas understandably protested but Dancer was having none of it and ultimately a colossal fight broke out. I heroically stepped in between the two of them in an attempt to break the fight up, but this only made things worse as Dancer thought we had teamed up on him. It wouldn’t have been so bad had it not been for the fact that there just wasn’t enough room for a fight.
Miraculously, Dancer once again landed his ship without so much as a scratch, this time on the Alpha Sector Landing Zone not far from where I hoped I might still live on New Earth. 
I hopped out of the ship.
“Fare well Quarbas,” I said. “It was a pleasure spending time with you.”
“You too, sir. Will I ever see you again?” He asked.
“I honestly don’t know Quarbas, although I’m sure you’ll see me on T.V at some point,” I quipped. “Bye Dancer.”
I waved as Quarbas closed the door and watched as they took off. Was I worried about the welfare of Quarbas having to travel back with that drunken psychopath? Yes, of course I was, but I wasn’t prepared to travel all the way back to Fa’owai just to make sure he wasn’t severely injured. I was more than happy to leave this one completely in the hands of fate, for I had other things to consider as I wandered the streets of Earth for the first time in absolutely ages. For example, did I or did I not have somewhere to live. Before I left it had become quite a common occurrence for Estate Agents to sell a person’s home whilst they weren’t looking. Now, I hadn’t been looking for a very long time, so I was extremely concerned.
Up the lift and along the familiar corridor, I walked apprehensively, like a man who was about to find out whether he still lived in his own apartment, until I reached what I hoped was still my door. 
I tried the handle, but it was locked.
Flipping heck. 
Those shifty bastards had actually sold my place.
Then I realised I hadn’t tried the key. I had got so used to not needing one whilst I was away that I’d completely forgotten how essential they were on Earth.
Regardless, my key was long gone. Possibly on The Carrier, possibly on Tharnon… who knew? Either way, I knew one person who would be able to help; ‘Monotonous’ Barry Dreeger, the building superintendent, so called because he spoke with no emotion whatsoever and never changed his facial expression. What he did have though, was unrestricted access to all the spare keys in the building.
Barry hadn’t left the building for over a decade, so I already knew I would find him in his office, waiting for something to happen.
“Barry,” I said. “It’s me, Conrad, from the apartment upstairs. I’ve gone and locked myself out.”
“Conrad, what a surprise,” he said, but he didn’t sound surprised at all. “Speaking of surprises, I have one for you too.”
“Oh really? What is it?”
“You’ve moved.”
“Barry… I haven’t moved.”
“I’m not going to argue with you, Conrad. An agent came in a few months ago and sold your place. I have your mail here, as well as your new address, and a credit slip for your share of the profit.”
“Let me see.”
Barry handed me a pile of letters that had built up during my impromptu vacation. 
Sure enough, he was right. I really had moved. 
My new home was a much smaller flat at the other side of the district, but with Kim long gone and a sizeable credit slip in my name, I embraced this bad news, and opted to view it as good news. As well as the new address and the credit slip, there was a letter from the G.C.N.E, one from the Department of Perking and a handful of menus.
I opened the letter from the D.o.P first. I skimmed through the text to find that, as I had not officially practiced perking for over three months, my license had been revoked.
Fucking marvellous; just what I needed to hear.
The letter from the G.C.N.E contained a re-registration form which had been sent out a few days after I had escaped the prison ship, just in-case I decided to return to Earth at any point. It would enable me to once again become a fully-fledged citizen, assuming I filled it all in and delivered it to the G.C.N.E office in person, and then sat through a tediously long meeting about why I had left and why I wanted to come back, and then had my plea accepted by council officers, that is. 
Anyway, I left Barry and his emotionless face and set off straight away. 

I handed my completed forms to the receptionist, and then quoted the letter which stated that I needed to speak with a re-integration officer named Alison. The lady behind the desk pointed me in the direction of a young blonde woman sat behind a computer, so I walked over, sat down opposite her, and placed my forms on her desk.
“Can I help you?” She asked.
“Yes, I’m here to be re-integrated,” I replied, politely shoving my forms in her direction.
“So you’re Conrad Donovan?” She mumbled, as she picked up the forms
“The very same,” I replied confidently.
“Let me just access your file… Ok, hmmm, interesting, oh yes, I remember this case,” she said, as though my previous actions had become common knowledge. “It says here that you were found passed out on a prison ship and that you were identified using fingerprints. Does that sound right?”
“I don’t know about the fingerprints, but yes, I was on a prison ship.”
“But you weren’t a prisoner?”
“No, I was not a prisoner.”
“But you were on a prison ship?” 
“Yes I was.”
“Did you know you were on a prison ship?”
“Yes I did.”
“I don’t understand, Mr Donovan.”
“It was a moment of madness on my part. I can’t really explain it, but I’m over it now.”
“Ok. On a scale of 1 to 10, how likely is it that you would do something like this again?” She asked, all the while tapping away on her keyboard, noting down everything I was saying. “1 being ‘never again’ and 10 being ‘I already know when and where I’m going to do it again.’ What do you think?”
“I’d say… probably put me down as a 2.”
“So definitely not a 1 then?”
“I wouldn’t want to commit to a 1, just in-case,” I explained. “If you’d have asked me the same question before I boarded the prison ship, I would have said put me down as a 1, but that would have turned out to be a lie; and I hate lying.” 
This in itself was a lie. I had no reason to hate lying; I actually considered it a useful, if not essential tool.
“Ok, and finally, if your application for re-integration is successful, what are your plans regarding work?” She asked.
“I have experience in perking and programming, but my license has been revoked. I do intend to appeal this decision.”
“I see, let me just type that into your notes… intends to appeal… decision about license… Ok, all done, thanks for that Mr Donovan.” She said. “As far as I’m concerned you can stay. We will of course monitor your work situation for the next few months and hopefully your appeal will be successful. If not, and you haven’t found anything else in the meantime, the council will give you a work placement wherever there is a vacancy, and you will be expected to take it, or face deportation, okay Mr Donovan?” 
The way she smiled as she finished her sentence, you could almost be forgiven for thinking that these officers actually wanted to deport people.
“I guess that’s fair,” I replied. 
“Excellent. Call us if anything changes,” she advised, as she walked me out of the office.
Over the next few months I had to call them a number of times. First of all, I had to notify them that my appeal was a success. My license had been re-instated on the condition that I attended a refresher course at some point in the future. It wasn’t ideal but it was better than having no license at all.
I called again, this time with details of my new place of work; a surgery not far from the one I used to work in, doing the same thing as before but for a smaller, much less reputable company. I used my new work equipment to undo the perks I had given myself on MSS-Phoenix. Things had been going well since I started the new job; the last thing I needed was to be arrested for being more able than everybody else.
The final call I had to make to the G.C.N.E office was to inform them of perhaps the biggest change of all. 
I had only recently started my new job, and hadn’t even completed the probationary period, but it no longer mattered, as I, Conrad Donovan, had rather inconveniently been randomly selected to represent Alpha Sector as part of the Global Council of New Earth…




Chapter 3


I was nervous, and with good reason as I walked through the doors to the meeting room, about to start my first day representing Alpha Sector as part of the Global Council. The butterflies in my stomach felt more like large birds, and I battled with an all too familiar feeling of nausea that I’d encountered far too much in recent times. I had never done any other job than the one I had trained for, not counting my short-lived career as a TV star on Fa’owai, and I wondered how I would cope with the change of environment.
Decision making had never been one of my strong points, yet the only skill I really required to be able to do my new job was exactly that. It was fair to say that my expectations were set very low, but when were they ever anything else?
To settle my nerves a little, I had gone wearing an expensive suit that I’d had made especially for the occasion. If I was going to be a failure, I would at least be a spectacularly dressed failure.
“Hello there,” said a man from behind me. I turned around to find a posh looking man holding a glass of wine in one hand and a half eaten biscuit in the other. He was stupendously thin. I would go as far as to say he probably had dietary problems, but in fairness to him, he did have hold of half a biscuit. 
Maybe that’s all he ever ate? 
His hair had been slicked back with what must have been an entire tube of gel, he had glasses that looked too small for his eyes and for some reason he was wearing a thick layer of foundation. I couldn’t put my finger on exactly what it was, but something about his face reminded me of a hawk.
“Hello sir,” I replied. There was no reason for me to have called him sir, it just slipped out.
“My name is Nils Bohemia,” he announced. “And from which sector do you originate?” 
I’m not sure why he spoke in this overly fancy tone, but I sensed I wouldn’t get on with him because of it; that and his hawk-face.
“I’m from Alpha, what about you?”
He screwed his face up and tried hard not to laugh.
“My apologies, I did not mean to laugh at your misfortune. I live everywhere, yet nowhere in particular… but mainly Gamma Sector.”
Alpha was often seen as the worst out of the three sectors; mainly by those who lived elsewhere and whose opinions carried no real validity. There was nothing wrong with it really.
“Where did you get that wine?” I asked, intentionally ignoring his response and changing the subject. 
The man pointed towards a table in the far corner.
“The wine is situated over there upon that table in the corner of the room. Do help yourself.”
I thought a glass of wine would be a good way to settle my nerves, but after I had finished my first glass and the nerves were still present, I decided to have another. One glass soon turned into four, and before I knew it, I’d had seven glasses of wine, and only three biscuits. My biscuit to wine ratio was all wrong.
An hour passed. The wine had run out and all that was left on the refreshments table was a packet of unopened biscuits. My mouth was feeling incredibly dry, but no matter how much water I drank it simply refused to stay moist. 
My eyes had started spinning too, which usually signalled an oncoming migraine of gargantuan proportions. At this moment in time, the last thing I needed was for the official proceedings to begin.
“Ok everybody,” Shouted a woman from across the room. “My name is Julie and I’m the meeting co-ordinator. If you would like to take a seat at the table, we’re going to start the meeting now. As some of you have noticed, we have placed name cards on your chairs so if you could find the card with your name on it and then sit in the corresponding chair that would be just dandy.”
I didn’t know whether Julie was speaking through a microphone or not but what I did know was that she was very loud and it wasn’t helping my head. I also didn’t know why we needed name cards in order to find a seat, but it was day one, and I really needed to try and hide the fact that I was drunk, so for the time being, I kept my thoughts on name cards to myself.
“Right then everybody, before we start, we’re going to quickly go around the table and find out a bit about each other,” she said, after everybody had found their seats. 
I had never liked ice-breakers, and I knew right away that this one would do very little to change my opinion.
Julie stalked slowly around the table, until finally she stopped behind a man sat opposite me and asked him to stand up.
“Hello there, tell us your name and a bit about yourself.”
The man reluctantly stood up and shook his head; he seemed about as pleased as I was that we were taking part in such nonsense.
“Hi everybody, I’m Peter and I own ‘Peter’s Pizza’ on the outskirts of the City District,” he announced before sitting down quickly and folding his arms.
I had actually eaten in Peter’s establishment before. His calzones had been recommended by friends, although when my food arrived at my table I started to think that somebody was perhaps having a laugh at my expense. There were a number of issues I had with the food, but the main problem was that his famous calzones were nothing but pizzas that had been cut in half, one half stacked on top of the other and then taped down at both ends.
The authenticity was non-existent.
“Thank you Peter,” said Julie as she began walking around the table once more.
“Let’s see… who next…let’s have you,” she said, pointing at the man sat to my right.
“My name is also Peter, I’m 58 years old, I have four sons and a daughter and up until recently I was an artist. Unfortunately, I can no longer do my job due to an incident that happened almost a year ago.”
“Ok thank you Peter,” said Julie, but Peter hadn’t finished and refused to sit down. He went on for ages about how his hand had become trapped in a mangle at a museum. A couple of members of staff had rushed to his aid but neither had operated a mangle before. They twisted the crank to try and free his hand but it was turned the wrong way and his hand went even further through the rollers. He used his other hand to try and free the trapped hand, but somehow amidst the chaos this hand also became trapped. He went on to explain that he couldn’t afford to have his hands repaired fully and that the ones he currently used were next to useless and purely cosmetic.
As Peter was telling his story, I had become increasingly aware that I desperately needed to go to the toilet. A combination of the wine and all the water I had downed because of the wine was on its way out, but I had no intention of interrupting his speech. 
The issue was that he had gone on for so long that I’d had to take measures to prevent any urine based disaster from unfolding. I had started rocking back and forth in an attempt to keep it in. Gently at first, but gradually more vigorous, and to a degree this had worked. However, the metronomic clicking of the chair legs on the hard floor had drawn unwanted attention my way. Some of the other councillors were staring at me as though I had gone crazy. I imagine they all thought I was being incredibly rude, but they weren’t all busting for a piss were they?
“Is everything dandy?” Asked Julie, who sounded genuinely concerned.
“Can I go to the toilet please?”
Julie looked disappointed, like I should have gone before the meeting had started, but in my defence, I hadn’t needed to go then.
“Be quick,” she answered, handing me a key-card she had fished out of her shirt pocket.
I followed the toilet signs through the corridors, swiftly relieved myself and then returned to my seat.
“All dandy now?” Julie asked in a rather condescending tone. “Before you sit down, you might as well tell us a bit about yourself.”
I glanced around nervously as I cleared my throat.
“Ahem, well, I’m Conrad Donovan. I’m from Alpha Sector and I fix limbs,” I explained. I wanted to keep it short and sweet after Peter’s long winded story about his hands had nearly bored everyone to death.
“Thank you, Conrad.”
After me, we had Maud, a 32 year old dinner lady from Gamma, and then yet another Peter who in a remarkable twist of fate now worked at the museum where the other Peter had had his accident almost a year ago. It was decided that to make things as simple as possible, we would refer to them as Pizza Peter, Mangle Peter and Normal Peter. Mangle Peter was visibly angered by this reference. 
The group had just listened to a man named Frank tell them about how he used to be a police officer, when I felt another twitch in my bladder. Surely not again? But why would my bladder lie? With no reason to believe I was on the receiving end of bladdery related japery, I raised my hand.
“What is it, Conrad?” Julie asked. I could tell she had started to lose her cool.
“Can I go to the toilet again please?” I asked urgently.
“Can’t you hold it in until we’ve finished?”
“I really don’t think I can,” I replied, before the situation worsened. “IT’S COMING OUT!” I shrieked desperately. 
“Go, quickly,” she screamed. Her face looked like thunder.
So I ran to the toilet, my hands covering my groin just in-case the inevitable damp spot had become clearly visible.
After emptying my bladder for the second time I quietly made my way back to my seat. Or at least that was the intention.
In my haste to get to the toilet, I had pushed my chair back to the point that I could no longer rest my arms on the edge of the table. The screeching noise that my chair legs made as they slowly scraped across the polished floor was tremendously loud, and understandably enough to stop Julie talking mid-sentence.
“Please, can we settle down now Conrad?” She begged, against a backdrop of stifled laughter.
“Sorry, it’s this chair,” I said, whilst looking down at my chair accusingly.
Julie didn’t respond to my answer, deciding instead to turn away and continue with whatever she had been blasting on about before. I had other problems anyway, for I was now far too close to the table; so much so that I was pressed right into the edge so that it was digging into my chest and badly disrupting my ability to breathe. I shuffled around for a while trying to wriggle into a position where I would be able to breathe properly, but despite my best efforts I was simply too far in. 
Just as I was on the brink of passing out, I managed to slide myself into a position where I wouldn’t be faced with any possibility of self-asphyxiation. However, in order to reach such a safe position, I’d had to slide all the way off my chair, and inevitably Julie had sensed something was amiss.
“Where’s Conrad?” She screamed.
“He’s just gone under the table,” Mangle Peter explained.
I sat still for a bit, and then I noticed Julie’s face peeping under the table.
“CONRAD!” She blasted. “What are you doing under here?”
“I was too close to the table,” I replied. “Then I slipped off my chair.”
“Well I suggest you get back on it, and start paying attention to your new colleagues. You’re being very disrespectful.”
We hadn’t even started discussing anything of any real value yet, but I had already started receiving the discontented looks from people that I fully expected to be getting maybe a few weeks or even months into the job. 
I was way ahead of schedule.
As the meeting dragged on, my headache got worse and we still hadn’t even got past the introductions. I found myself with my eyes closed, resting my head on the table with my arms over the back of my neck. It was the only position I had tried that had brought any relief at all, but like most things I had been involved in so far, Julie didn’t seem to like it.
“Are we keeping you awake, Conrad?” She asked sarcastically.
“I’ve got a massive headache,” I snapped angrily, almost shouting at her as though it was all her fault. Of course, in a way, it was her fault. She had been on my case all fucking day.
“Do you know something, Conrad? In all the time I’ve spent working here, I’ve never come across anybody as inept, or as selfish, or as lacking in respect as you.”
I never once looked up; I remained in the same position for the duration of her rant. 
“Sorry,” I muttered nonchalantly from inside the arm-cave I had made for myself.
It was embarrassing to be shouted at like that on my first day, it would have been for anyone, but honestly, I was past caring. The only thing that could excuse a person from council duty was if they died, and I had no intention of dying any time soon, so as far as I was concerned, Julie could shout at the back of my head all she wanted.
I eventually decided that the best thing to do would be to have a nap. Actually, it was less a decision and more something that I was powerless to stop, but either way, it happened, and when I eventually woke up the room had already emptied apart from an extremely disappointed Julie who must have been sitting opposite me for ages.
“Conrad, today was one of the most difficult days of my entire life,” she confessed. “I can’t do this all year.”
The power nap I had just enjoyed had sobered me up to the point where I realised just how unreasonable my behaviour had been.
“It only happened today because I drank all the wine,” I explained. “Why was there so much wine?”
“It’s a council tradition, to celebrate your new position. There was supposed to be one glass for each representative, but I know quite a few people didn’t have any at all so goodness knows how many you ended up having.”
“I didn’t know it was tradition,” I replied, as though that was a perfectly valid excuse.
She leant over and handed me a sheet of paper with some writing on it. 
“Seeing as you were fast asleep, you ended up having no say in what the others discussed. Take these notes home and I’ll see you tomorrow morning, hopefully in a better frame of mind.”
I stopped off at the supermarket on the way home in order to get rid of my hangover, but if anything, it just made it even worse. I’d gone into an update booth to update my condition, but after being rejected twice, my debit card was swallowed by the damn thing due to a potential breach of security. So I had to wait until I got back home before I took some tablets and looked through the notes. I wasn’t at all happy with what had been written down. I kicked my front door four times; that’s just how angry I was.
Dinner-lady Maud had voiced concern over the ease in which kids at her school were able to obtain perks from certain ‘Perk Merchants,’ who were apparently waiting at the school gates and persuading kids to perk themselves in ways they shouldn’t be perked until reaching adulthood. She had claimed it was unnatural and intimidating, and that it needed to stop immediately.
The most alarming part was her proposed solution to this alleged problem. She wanted to ban it entirely. Whilst I didn’t agree with what these rogue traders were doing, a blanket ban seemed extreme and would mean that I, and many others would have to re-train in another line of work.
I wasn’t keen on that idea at all.
The second most alarming part was that everybody bar one person had agreed to go along with it. 
I was fucking fuming. 
Surely there had been a mistake.
The next day, I arrived early and waited for Maud outside the meeting room. I had got the notes in my hand but I had scrunched them up so many times that they had become almost unreadable. I had no idea what I was going to say to her. I knew what I wanted to say to her, but I decided to keep personal insults out of it for the time being. 
Before I was able to speak with Maud I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around to see the bizarre hawk-faced man from yesterday. Now, under normal circumstances this would have annoyed me intensely, but Nils was the only person to oppose Maud’s dreadful proposal, and I needed to find out why.
“Morning Nils, listen, sorry abo…”
Before I’d had chance to apologise for my appalling behaviour the day before, he put his finger on my lips, then proceeded to pull me forcefully into the toilets.
“What on Earth do you think you’re doing?” I whispered angrily as he loosened his grip on my arm.
“Conrad, we have big trouble,” he warned. He didn’t sound anywhere near as posh as he had done yesterday. In fact he sounded almost familiar. I had heard that voice before… but where? 
Then it hit me.
I rubbed one of his cheeks which were still caked in foundation and was utterly astonished when I uncovered what was buried beneath. I did the same on the other side with the same result. 
An ‘M’ shaped scar on either side. 
This man wasn’t Nils Bohemia; this was Erick Langer, but what was he doing back here? And why was he wearing so much make-up? I decided to find out.
“What are you doing back here?”
“We intercepted new information whilst continuing our pursuit of Morag,” he explained. “Conrad, Maud is one of them.”
“One of who?” I asked. I wondered when he had developed such a big issue with dinner ladies. 
“One of Morag’s henchmen… just like Kim was.”
“What? Are you sure? Dinner lady Maud?”
“Yes, I’m positive. Listen, the Super Army is coming Conrad. Morag has it ready, and it’s coming to Earth as we speak. I don’t know how much time we have left, but we need to try and stop them. The first phase of their plan was getting this law passed on Earth.”
“But how? It doesn’t make any sense? Why would everybody agree to such a radical change? It isn’t right.”
“Exactly, it isn’t right. She’s using a psychic manipulation technique that worked on everybody but me.”
“Why not you?”
“Because I’m wearing foundation!” He announced with a huge grin.
“I was going to ask about that.”
“It’s Morosian foundation,” he explained. “One of the ingredients in the powder seems to prevent any kind of psychic ability from having any effect. Here put some on.”
“How come you didn’t give me any yesterday?” 
“I had no idea you were going to be here, so I didn’t bring any extra. It’s quite fortunate really, I wasn’t going to drag you into all of this again but seeing as you’re here you might as well help,” he laughed.
“Okay, but why do you look so different?”
“Morag has her own surveillance team who may or may not know who I am, so I couldn’t risk just turning up as myself. Besides, Erick Langer wasn’t invited to join the council; Nils Bohemia was.”
“So Nils is a real person? What did you do to him?”
“Nothing…”
“Why did you say it like that?”
“Like what?”
“What did you do to the real Nils Bohemia?”
Langer sighed.
“He’s probably fine...”
“Probably?”
“Yes. He’s either definitely with the Jessie’s on my ship, or he’s definitely been sent back in time to a different location within this galaxy, but the good news is he won’t be able to interfere either way. Now enough with the questions, we don’t have time to waste.”
So we stood in front of the mirrors in the men’s toilets and applied a thick layer of Morosian foundation on to my face. It felt strange, and it only got worse when Mangle Peter walked in. 
We turned our heads simultaneously and gazed at him. 
He gazed back. 
No words were spoken, and the gaze-off lasted for about a minute until he just turned around and walked straight back out. 
Mangle Peter never made eye contact with either of us ever again.
It wasn’t just him either. Julie had noticed the change in my appearance too. She never once said anything about it and in truth I think she probably just thought it was me attempting to take the piss again.
Langer went in to great detail as he explained to me that Maud getting this law passed was actually beneficial in locating Morag.
In my head, a planet which had outlawed the option of perking its own army was just asking for trouble, and whilst Langer had initially felt the same way, he made the very valid point that whilst Morag thought she had a free hit on New Earth, her ship, which was usually cloaked and nigh on impossible to find, would have to enter New Earth airspace, at which point it would become much easier to locate.
And so the process began. Military bases, police stations and work places were taken offline. Of course, not many people actually cared much about it as nobody was fully aware of what was going on. To them it was just another council blunder that would probably be rectified the following year.

That night, after another very uncomfortable day spent playing along in the council office, we discreetly followed Maud in the hope that we would gather some kind of useful information. 
It was an almighty trek, but eventually we stopped on the rooftop of a tall building on the outskirts of Gamma. Maud had been up there a few minutes already, but as we quietly crept into a decent position, we noticed she had sat down next to a small spherical pod and was speaking into a watch-like device on her wrist.
“That pod is probably how she got here,” Langer said. “I’ve seen one before; they’re coated with a special gloss which makes them undetectable.”
We listened on intently from our location at the top of the stairwell as Maud confirmed that she had carried out her orders. I couldn’t tell whether she had got the volume really high or whether she had pressed speaker by accident, but whatever she had done, I could hear the voice of the other person quite clearly.
“Excellent work. Now, get yourself off that planet and return to the ship at once. We wouldn’t want you getting hurt now, would we?”
Well this worried me quite a lot, but Langer didn’t seem too fazed.
“Right, I have a plan,” he declared.
I didn’t ask what it was; I was too concerned that Maud would hear us speaking.
“I need to contact Jessie or Jessie,” he continued, clearly not sharing my concern. “If Maud is going back to Morag’s ship, we are going to follow her.”
I waited quietly and patiently as Langer tried and failed multiple times to contact anybody on his ship. 
“The reception on Earth is appalling,” he snarled, but a little too loudly. His excessively audible complaint alerted Maud, who strode menacingly towards our not so secret location at the top of the stairs. 
“Shit, she’s coming this way,” I whispered frantically as I slapped Langer on the back, as if to say ‘go quickly.’
“Good grief…” replied a startled Langer, before we scurried back down the stairs.
We soon realised that Maud hadn’t bothered chasing us, which was just as well, as our super quick descent down the steps had left us both physically spent. I would like to think that she had ceased her pursuit because we were too fast, but really it was most likely due to an horrendous noise which came out of nowhere. We tip-toed back up the steps and had a gander.
“What is it?”
“It’s a ship, look,” Langer pointed upwards. “But it’s not Maud’s pod.”
“Is it Morag?” I asked. I hadn’t been able to see anything due to Langer being stood, somewhat inconsiderately, right in my line of vision.
“Surely not,” replied Langer. “I’m going to be disappointed if I’ve spent all these years looking for Morag, and then she turns up in a ship as small and battered as this one.”
A thick cloud of smoke decided to smother our faces for a while, and there really was nothing we could do about it, other than wait for it to go somewhere else.
Once the smoke had cleared, it became apparent that we had equal amounts of good news and bad news to digest. Maud’s pod had gone; most likely with Maud inside it. And the good news… well… the ship that had seemingly scared Maud away was one I was all too familiar with. I suppose it was probably more confusing than good, but whichever way you looked at it, it was definitely very convenient. 
“Are you armed?” asked Langer, who looked more worried than I’ve ever seen him before. “I don’t want to die with all this make up on my face.”
“Calm down, we’re not in any danger,” I replied reassuringly. 
The ship hissed, and the door squeaked open slowly, revealing a small podgy figure who beckoned us aboard.
“QUARBAS!” I shouted. “Langer, I have no idea why they’re here, but these people are my friends.”
We climbed into the ship, and Quarbas closed the door behind us.
“My word, there isn’t much room in here,” Langer complained, as he wedged himself in between Quarbas and a window. 
“Nice to see you again old friend,” I said, after everybody had settled down. “But you really couldn’t have chosen a worse time to visit.”
“Ah, you see sir, this isn’t a visit,” he replied. “We were sent to help you.”
“Sent to help me?”
“Yes sir. Editor sent us to help you defeat Morag.” 
“What? That man has no moral compass. How did he even know about that?”
“Well sir, you clearly don’t realise, so I shall just tell you.”
“What is it Quarbas?”
“Sir… you still have the cameras in your eyes.”
For some reason I looked down at each of my hands. I’m not sure why. 
“We have been watching you since we left you all those months ago. It was quite entertaining, watching you go about your business. We didn’t think much of Julie though,” he admitted. “She wasn’t very nice at all.”
I felt my cheeks burning.
“We tuned in this morning only to watch you two in some sort of bathroom talking about make-up and armies and various other things. Since then, we’ve been tracking you on this pocket TV that Editor gave us. It’s a few minutes behind real-time but it does a job. We used it to follow your exact journey to this location.”
“Does Dancer have any idea what he’s doing here?” I asked.
“No sir, he keeps asking if we are going to pick up Emmel.”
“Excuse me…I’m sorry… but as nice as this little conversation is,” interrupted Langer. “We have a pod to catch.”
“Ah yes, Maud’s pod. We saw it taking off just as we landed.”
“Do you want me to chase that shiny ball up there?” Dancer asked, pointing out of the window.
We all looked up and saw the pod in the distance. It had gone a fair way already, but it was still visible to the eye, and not just any eye; Dancer’s eye.
“Don’t chase it… follow it, but don’t get too close,” Langer ordered.
Dancer engaged the engines, then almost as quickly as he finished off the bottle of beer in his hand, we found ourselves in the sky, hurtling after Maud. 
“What are we going to do when we get there?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” replied Langer. “Stop them somehow.”
His plan clearly hadn’t developed into anything beyond following the pod. So follow the pod we did. For ages. Through the dullest, most uneventful parts of space in existence. It wasn’t too surprising then when I noticed that Langer and Quarbas had fallen asleep. I was amazed that Dancer hadn’t gone the same way too, although in fairness, I hadn’t been checking as I was more concerned about Maud, who had been pulling gradually further away over the last few hours.
“Dancer, put your foot down, we’re losing her,” I said.
His body jolted awkwardly.
“What?” He asked, wearily. 
“Were you asleep?”
“Yes.”
“Do you think you could perhaps try a bit harder to stay awake? Maud has been getting away from us all that time, Dancer.”
“So should I go faster? Is that what you mean?”
“Yes, Dancer! You’re supposed to be following the shiny ball, remember? ”
“Am I?”
“Yes...”
“Well I’d best get a move on then, its miles away. Look at that, you can barely see her.”
Dancer increased the speed of his dilapidated space craft, but just as we had started making good progress again, a loud siren sounded from somewhere behind the ship, waking everybody up in the process. 
“Oh no… it’s the Space Police,” cried Quarbas.
“This is the last thing we need,” muttered Langer.
“Can somebody turn that music off, I can’t concentrate,” shouted Dancer.
“It’s not music, Dancer; it’s the space police.”
“Fuck the police! They’ll never take me in!” He shouted, and he started swerving about like a drunken tosser.
“Dancer, that’s not helping,” I screamed, but it was in vain as the ship was shot with an immobilizer ray and we lost all power within a matter of seconds.
“Oh for fuck’s sake, Dancer,” screamed Langer, clearly not impressed with the amateurish behaviour of the maniac at the controls.
Within seconds, a police human tapped on the duct-taped window substitute.
“Hello, officer,” I said. “Is there a problem?”
I knew full well there was a problem. A fucking drunken problem no less.
“Your boy up front is going over twice the speed limit. I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you all to follow me to the nearest station.”
Quarbas, frustrated and nervous, slammed his head into his hands and let out a stifled scream
“Listen, officer,” Langer started. “Just come here a second and take a look out of this window.”
The officer barged his way over to the big window. Not maliciously, it was simply too crowded to have done it any other way. Langer pointed up at Maud’s pod.
“You see that little metal ball up there? The one that’s almost out of sight.”
“Yes,” replied the officer. “I see it.”
“Good, well, inside that pod is a shape-shifter who is returning to her shape-shifting leader so that the super army they created can destroy New Earth. We’re chasing it in order to stop them, thus saving the planet in the process.”
An uncomfortable silence filled the room. 
It seemed like he had believed us until he looked around and noticed how many empty beer bottles had been chucked onto the floor.
“I’m supposed to believe that then am I?”
“It would save us a lot of time if you did?” I replied, nodding.
“Well I don’t. You bunch of fucking drunks. I’m going to tow your ship to the station, and then you’re going to tell me the truth.”
“ITS ALL HIS!” Quarbas shouted whilst pointing an accusatory finger at Dancer. “HE DRANK IT ALL! I DON’T WANT TO GO TO PRISON!”
“Quarbas, that’s not helping!” I shouted. “He’s our pilot for crying out loud.”
To say things had taken a turn for the worse would have been an understatement. It looked as though our pursuit of Maud had come to an early and disappointing end, but Dancer had other ideas. 
He finished off yet another beer, stood up and walked towards the officer. 
“I’ve had enough of your stinking attitude,” he said, inches from the officer’s face, and then before any of us had chance to take stock of what was happening, the officer found himself in a headlock. 
“I’d like to see you get out of this,” Dancer shouted. 
And try he did, but Dancer’s grip was absolutely phenomenal. 
“Let go of my head,” he begged from within the crease of Dancer’s elbow, but his plea fell on deaf ears. 
Then, with a sharp tug and the emission of a deeply harrowing laugh, Dancer jumped out of the door and out into space, taking the officer with him.
We stood, rooted to the spot as we watched them fall, almost in slow motion. The look on the officer’s face as he drifted down into the dark abyss in a headlock, was positively gut wrenching, and would almost certainly haunt my dreams for years to come.
“Well, that’s just marvellous,” said Quarbas sarcastically.
I closed the door and turned to see that Langer had already claimed the driving seat and had taken to maniacally pressing buttons and pulling levers in an attempt to get us moving again. It was blatantly obvious that Langer had never piloted a ship as old or as poorly maintained as Dancer’s.
Nevertheless, perhaps more through luck than judgement, he eventually pressed the right combination of switches and our journey re-commenced.

Half-way through an absolute corker of a dream I’d been having about a friendly sea-lion, I was rudely awakened by Langer, who seemed delighted about something.
“That’s more like it!” Langer shouted ecstatically. “Look at the size of that monstrosity.”
Keen to see what kind of monstrosity had got Langer all worked up, I looked out of the window. 
“Is that Morag’s ship?” I asked.
“It must be,” Langer replied. “I’ve just watched Maud’s pod fly inside.”
“Are we going in too?”
“We certainly are, but we can’t go the same way Maud went as it got sealed off as soon as she passed through. We’ll have to find another way in.”
We flew around for ages searching for a way in. It was worse than trying to find a parking spot on New Earth, but eventually we came across a small hatch right at the very top of the ship which looked mildly promising.
As soon as we had climbed out of Dancer’s ship, Langer forced Quarbas to put some Morosian foundation on, just in-case. Quarbas was dead against it at first, but soon warmed to the idea when he felt how nice it was on the skin.
“Sir, I also brought something which might be useful,” declared Quarbas with a hint of pride.
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small diamond encrusted box. Inside it were four of the tiniest laser guns I had ever seen in my life. They were far too small to hold properly. I could only fit two fingers and my thumb on the grip, leaving me to strike a very camp pose indeed when needing to aim.
“Are these toys?” I asked playfully, although part of me was being deadly serious.
“Don’t let the size distract you sir, these lasers are extremely powerful.”
Despite Quarbas’ defensive stance over the capabilities of his guns, the size really was a bit of an issue. This was proved almost immediately when my finger became stuck in the trigger guard. 
No matter how hard I pulled, it wouldn’t come off. 
Then… disaster.
As I attempted to free my throbbing digit, I accidentally fired a number of shots in different directions.
I looked on helplessly, as I watched a rogue laser beam fly inches past Langer’s face, and then directly into the side of our ship. 
We waited nervously for what felt like ages, before the inevitable explosion took place, quickly followed by the sound of three people slumping to the ground in a desperate bid to avoid being hit by flying shrapnel.
“I don’t even know what to say to that,” admitted Langer, as he dusted himself off and looked over at the empty space where our ship had once stood.
“My finger is stuck on the fucking trigger,” I protested. “It won’t come out!”
“Have you tried pulling it off?”
I gave Langer the dirtiest look I could muster. Have I tried pulling it off… honestly… what a fucking joker.
“I just tried doing that, and now we have no ship,” I snapped.
“Just be more careful sir,” Quarbas warned. “I told you they were powerful.”
After re-gathering our composure, we pulled open the hatch and dropped down into the ship. The drop was a bit more severe than any of us had predicted though, and as a direct result of landing too forcefully, my finger pressed against the trigger again. 
Much like before, the consequences were dire. 
Not only had alarms started going off left, right and centre, alerting a mass of guards as to exactly where we were, but Quarbas, who had dropped down just before me, had vanished. 
He was nowhere to be seen. 
“Quarbas!” I shouted, in hope that he might pop out of somewhere, but deep down I knew that I had shot him in the back of the head. I had seen the laser going into his skull, I just didn’t want to believe it. I’d become a monster. A monster with a penchant for killing little fat people from other planets. 
“Bloody hell, Conrad,” Langer shouted. “I thought he was your friend.”
“I told you already. I can’t get my finger out of my gun,” I explained, yet again. “I only have to twitch and this thing fires.”
From that moment on, Langer used me as a human shield. It was far too dangerous for him to stand in front of me, so he stayed behind as I heroically paved the way, firing my weapon constantly. Guards kept popping out from behind doors and around corners but Langer was in his element and he took them out no problem. 
I like to think I was a big help by firing so many shots into random areas of the ship, but in truth I think I possibly made it more difficult for Langer to see where the guards were. Of course, it might have helped if my eyes hadn’t been closed for the most part of the assault, but in my defence, I really, really didn’t want to get shot in the eyes.
Slowly but surely we advanced, destroying every corridor we walked through and every guard we came across, until we seized an opportunity to get out of the danger zone for a bit, and we snuck into a dark room.
Langer pulled out a torch and had a quick look around. There were computer screens built into the wall at the left side of the room, whilst work stations and cables disappeared into the floor just below. The rest of the room was bare; just an abundance of open space. It looked unbalanced to me, but I just assumed it was probably made by the same guys that had designed The Carrier.
“Conrad, look at this.” Langer whispered, as he pointed towards a glass pane at the back of the room, behind which stood a mass of soldiers; dormant and attached to the same cables that fed into the computers.
“This has to be the super army,” he said. “There must be hundreds of them in there.”

They looked more normal than I had imagined them. That’s not to say they weren’t terrifying, because they were, and no doubt they had been enhanced beyond anybody’s imagination, but they looked almost human. I was just thankful that they were inactive.
A few minutes after we had entered the room, the door opened again. 
“Langer, are you still there?”
“Shush, Conrad.”
I heard a solitary clap, and then the lights came on to reveal the fairly pathetic sight of both myself and Langer, cowering underneath separate workstations.
“Well, well, well… Councillors Donovan and Bohemia working together on a team… this is a surprise,” the intruder stated. It was quite clearly Maud’s voice.
“I can’t let you and Morag go through with this,” Langer shouted.
“Is that right, Mr Bohemia… or should I say, Erick Langer?”
A long pause followed. Then Langer piped up again.
“Who is Erick Langer?” He asked in desperation, but he wasn’t fooling anybody.
“You’re not fooling anybody,” Maud laughed. I nearly laughed too. “We’ve known for some time that you and you’re fellow Morosians have been trying to find us.”
“But… I don’t understand…” claimed Langer. “I’m wearing a brilliant disguise.”
“Yes, you’re right, we have no idea what you really look like, but make no mistake we know your name. I started having doubts about you when my mind tricks had no effect back on Earth. There’s only one thing that can stop those working, and your face was caked in the stuff from day one. Even so, you might still have been able to stop us had it not been for this little beauty tipping us off at the last second.”
Maud held up Quarbas’ pocket television.
“For the last few minutes whilst you’ve been running around shooting walls, we’ve been watching you on here. Imagine how delighted we were when Councillor Donovan referred to you as Langer. It was a magical moment. The Erick Langer, on board our ship.”
I could hear Langer cursing underneath his workstation. 
“Anyway, I didn’t follow you in here to have a chat. I came to kill you, but as I’m in a generous mood, I’m going to let you decide whether you want to die right now, or whether you would rather watch us destroy New Earth first.”
“I’d rather not die at all Maud,” I said assertively.
She let out a long, drawn out laugh.
“Shoot her, Conrad!” Shouted Langer. “Shoot her with your laser.”
“You shoot her with your laser,” I shouted back. 
I didn’t even know where she was, but I also knew that she didn’t know where we were either. Of course, it was only a matter of time until she found out, as the pocket television would reveal our location any second, like the dirty little whistle-blower it really was.
With this in mind, I very quickly popped up and glanced around the room. I noticed Maud stood by the door, so I fired a few beams in her direction.
“That wasn’t very smart,” she declared.
The fact she replied in such an angry tone obviously meant that I hadn’t hit her, which was a touch disappointing to say the least.
Now it was her turn to fire.
She grabbed a gun out of her belt and started shooting at me. I dived on to the floor in order to avoid the shower of bullets heading my way, and landed at the feet of Langer who ushered me away like a scared little girl.
“Thanks a bunch!” I shouted, as I crawled away as fast as I could.
I was fresh out of ideas, and for the first time since I’d met him, Langer actually seemed as though he didn’t know what to do. He was probably just upset that his disguise hadn’t been half as impressive as he’d first thought.
Then, if such a thing were even possible, our situation got even worse. Maud clapped, and the lights went back off.
“You’re the worst dinner lady I have ever met,” I shouted, and it wasn’t far from being true either.
My comments were greeted by a fresh episode of relentless gunfire which I thought was a bit rude, but not nearly as painful as getting shot.
I should know.
“Christ…” I shouted as I slumped to the floor, involuntarily firing another laser into the ceiling.

“Conrad!” Langer shouted. “What happened? Is everything alright?”
I fondled my groin, then looked at my hands. There was blood everywhere.
“I’ve been hit,” I shouted.
I kept rubbing the wound just to make sure that none the main parts had fallen off. It made me feel a bit nauseous, but I couldn’t stop myself doing it; I found it oddly compelling.
Just as things had started going a bit blurry, I heard gunfire again; the shock of which brought back a bit of clarity to my vision. 
Then I remembered something.
Something that had the potential to be absolutely awesome.
Just after I’d been told that I would be sent to Tharnon in place of Langer, I had given myself night-vision, but then shortly after arriving back on Earth, I deleted all the perks I had given myself as I didn’t want to be arrested. 
However, I never actually had cause to use the night-vision, and eventually just forgot it was there, in which case it should still have been active and available for me to use to my advantage, if for example, a pretend dinner lady was shooting at me whilst messing with the lights.
There was only one problem, and it was a fairly major one too. 
I couldn’t remember how to activate it. Night vision had never been a popular perk with the general public, as everywhere on New Earth had always been sufficiently illuminated. In all my time perking people, I had carried out exactly zero night vision installations.
I tried all sorts of things to get it to switch on. Blinking rapidly didn’t work. Neither did tugging my eyelids or pressing on my temples.
But then something clicked.
Perhaps I had managed to recall the exact page of the training manual which detailed such a procedure. Perhaps it came to me as a spiritual message during one of the many moments I almost died from blood-loss. I honestly didn’t care how it happened, I was just grateful that I’d remembered how to activate it, even if it did mean having to endure more pain. 
Without a second thought, I held out my hand, parted my middle and index finger, pointed them at my face and then poked myself hard in each eye.
I let out a quiet shriek as the pain vibrated through my eyeballs. It was short lived though, as the pain soon turned to joy when I re-opened my watery eyes and I could see perfectly, albeit in black and white.
Maud didn’t have a clue that I had started watching her skulking around the workstations in search of Langer, who was still crouched down under a desk.
I sat up as best I could and had one more check of my damaged manhood. Nothing was missing.
Excellent!
Slowly, I lifted the hand that had the laser attached to it, and pointed it towards Maud. 
I steadied my aim…
I fired…
I waited…
I opened my eyes, just in time to witness the horrific sight of Maud’s body slowly liquefying, before disappearing completely in a spectacular flash of light.
No wonder the Alpha Police had never found Kim’s body.
“Conrad, are you still alive?” Whispered Langer hopefully.
“I think so,” I replied. I wasn’t one hundred per cent sure.
Langer flicked his torch on and scuttled over to the wet mess on the floor where Maud had been. After a quick inspection, he ran back over to me.
“You did it!” He beamed. “She’s dead.”
“What happened to her?” I asked. “Why did she go all watery and weird?”
I was fully aware that my question sounded a bit childish, but in my defence, I had lost an awful lot of blood.
“It’s called liquification. Shifters don’t technically die; they turn into a strange liquid, then their original form re-spawns in a new galaxy.”
“So she could come back?”
“Possibly, but it’s highly unlikely. The Peacekeepers have already located most of the re-spawning points in this universe, and have built high security holding chambers around them.”
“But if we kill Morag, she would re-spawn too?”
“Yes, this is why I don’t want her dead, so you best keep your misfiring fingers well away. Morag will come with me back to Moros, where she will be sent to the centre of the planet to fester in the most secure holding chamber in the universe.”
“What makes it so secure?”
“Well, for a start, it is situated right in the core of Moros. Once you’re in, you don’t come back out. I suppose it’s not really a holding chamber, more a… well… I don’t know what it is, but that’s where she’s going.”
I forced a satisfied smile whilst Langer shone his torch around my groin.
“Oh my god, you’ve been shot in the balls!”
I just groaned. I already knew exactly where I’d been shot.
“How bad is it?” I asked.
“It’s terrible. Really, really bad,” he replied. “Come on, let me help you up.”
He grabbed me under the arms and pulled me upwards to which I responded with an almighty howl.
“Conrad, part your legs.”
I very carefully did as he asked; I didn’t want anything falling out.
“There, that should hold for now.”
He somehow managed to turn his magnificent suit jacket into some kind of adult sized nappy. It didn’t look very pleasing on the eye but it felt like it might keep everything secure and made it slightly easier to walk, so I thanked him.
“We need to get to Morag,” he said. “We can’t be far from New Earth now.”
I poked myself in the eyes again in order to de-activate the night vision and then hobbled pathetically behind Langer. Little did we know that a team of Morag’s guards had surrounded the exit, and were pointing their guns directly at the door, waiting for us to come out. So when we eventually did get out, we were understandably quite shocked. Having said that, so were the guards. One of them actually recoiled when he noticed all the blood on my trouser legs.
“For crying out loud!” Screamed Langer. “Where do you all keep coming from?”
“We were just in the staff room,” said a guard, clearly not sensing Langer’s tone.
“Alright, enough, put your hands in the air, and throw down your weapons” said another one of the guards.
“They should throw down the weapons first,” said another.
Judging by the look on his face, the guard who had spoken first didn’t appreciate the lack of support from his colleague, but nevertheless agreed that his initial instructions had perhaps been incorrectly ordered.
“Very well, throw down your weapons, and then put your hands in the air.”
Langer did as they asked.
“I’m sorry, but my finger is trapped in my gun,” I said, wobbling my hand. “I can’t throw it down.”
“Is this a joke?”
“I wish it was,” I laughed, and then showed them my finger which had turned a very disturbing shade of purple.
After they had tried and failed to pull my finger out of my gun, we were both tied up and carried to the main control room.
Morag was stood in the centre of the room next to a control desk, resting on what looked like some sort of stick. She was in no uncertain terms, an old lady. I hadn’t expected her to be so advanced in terms of years, but that’s possibly what made her plan so great.
Nobody would accuse an old lady of attempting to destroy the universe, and she had clearly sussed this out. Of course, nobody knew that the old lady was just an assumed form, and that really she was just a massive puddle of liquid that happened to have an impressive ability.
Out of the huge window just in front of her, a huge planet was clearly visible.
That planet was New Earth, and Morag had been enjoying a prolonged look at her latest target, right up until the guards walked in and dumped us in the middle of the room.
“Well, well. What have we here?” She asked smugly. “Erick Langer, if I’m not mistaken. And this must be the little side-kick friend.”
She plodded around us like a D’moraec predator sizing up a tasty looking human, and then with absolutely no concern for my welfare she poked me in the groin with the tip of her stick.
“What’s this, your superhero costume?” She scoffed.
“It’s actually a…”
“I know what it is, you idiot.”
I looked down at the ground like a dog that had just been on the receiving end of a colossal dressing down from its master. When I looked up again, she was still staring at me, so I looked straight back down.
“You two are extremely privileged,” she said. “You both have front row seats to my new show. Do you want to know what I’ve called it?”
Langer shook his head, so I did too.
“It’s called, ‘Morag Wins the Universe.’ Do you like it? We start off by destroying New Earth. Then seeing as you are here, Erick Langer, we will then make our way over to Moros so you can watch your home planet get destroyed too. Then, once both of your planets have been reduced to huge smoking piles of rubble and bone, maybe we shape-shifters can enjoy a hassle free life without having to worry about New Earthlings or Morosians trapping us all the time. Of course, in order for this to happen, I’m also going to have to kill both of you too.”
During the time she had taken to explain to us exactly how we were going to die, her ship had reached the Alpha Sector Landing Zone. I couldn’t honestly believe that she was so bothered about landing in the right place, given that her intention was to destroy the entire planet. 
The ship collided with the ground, temporarily knocking myself and Langer off balance in the process. Morag found it highly amusing as we rolled around the floor like a couple of man-sausages, but it genuinely wasn’t half as funny as she made it out to be.
She soon stopped laughing, and turned her attention to more pressing matters, like destroying New Earth. She faffed around with all the buttons on the control desk, almost as though she hadn’t got a clue what she was doing.
Not too dissimilar to a real old lady.
Whatever she pressed caused the ship to vibrate dramatically and my makeshift nappy-bandage had loosened as a result.
I needed help, and quick.
“Psst… Excuse me… Guard.”
He definitely heard me, but he looked uncomfortable, like he knew he shouldn’t be talking to me.
“Guard,” I whispered furiously. “Could you tie this back on? I don’t have any spare hands.”
He approached me cautiously, like he didn’t want to be caught helping me out, but as a man himself I think he must have felt a great deal of sympathy towards me.
“Turn around,” he said, and he pulled each sleeve until it was so tight it was almost as painful as actually getting shot again. I winced, and tears welled up in my eyes as a result.
“Sorry,” he whispered. “I just wanted to make sure it was properly on.”
After the tears had dried up, I realised what had been causing the massive vibrations. The Super Army had been activated and were marching one by one off a ramp onto New Earth.
Morag jumped up and down like an excited child.
 “We can’t just stand here and watch this happen. Have you got any ideas?” Langer asked, as we watched a couple of super soldiers take down a block of apartments as easily as I found it to knock over a domino. People were screaming and running around like headless chickens. In fact, some of them actually were headless, but they weren’t running anywhere, they were just lying on the ground not doing anything.
“I actually think I might have an idea,” I said. “First, I need to try and bribe the guards.”
“Conrad, that’s crazy. What if they can’t be bribed, eh? What then? I’ll tell you what then… they’ll know we’re planning something, and they’ll shoot us in the face.”
“I think you’re wrong. I could tell by the way that guard fastened my man-nappy before. He didn’t seem happy about any of this.”
“I don’t believe this,” Langer let out a disappointed sigh, but I hadn’t seen him putting any ideas forward. “Supposing these guards do decide to help us, what then? Morag might look like an old lady, but she’s a very slippery customer; I should know. And she has an army of virtually indestructible super beings that are just aching to tear us to shreds.”
“Well, they might very well be indestructible, but that’s not to say they can’t be stopped.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, it’s all good and well assembling the strongest beings in the universe, but you would need to ensure they are going to listen to you, otherwise, one day, when there’s nobody else left, they’ll turn on you too, and then what?”
“Go on...”
“Morag has programmed the soldiers to respond to that control desk over there. Her soldiers are effectively just remote control toys, albeit remote control toys with the potential to kill millions of people.”
“You know, you might just be onto something there, Conrad?”
“I really think it could work.”
“Very well. Given that you’re the technical one, I’m going to leave this one to you.”
Trying to persuade Langer that my plan would work had wasted quite a bit of time. Time that the super army had used to great effect, and to make matters worse, they were only a few blocks from my new apartment. 
This tipped me over the edge.
I’d already had to move once recently, and I didn’t want to have to do it again.
It was this nightmarish reality which spurred me into action. 
“Psst… guard,” I whispered. “It’s me again, come here."
This time he acknowledged me straight away.
“Bring your friends.”
The guards slowly huddled around us, weapons drawn, just in-case. Morag was having way too much fun with her soldiers to notice what we were doing.
“Listen guys, you’re all clearly New Earthlings like myself, what are you doing working for Morag?”
“We are her guards.”
“That’s not what I meant. I mean, why are you working for her? She’s a dick.”
“We’re all failed school teachers. We applied for this position ages ago because the money was good,” said one of them.
“Well… supposed to be good,” another mentioned. “We’ve never actually been paid.”
“Yeah and we haven’t had a day off for over two years.”
“And the health and safety guidelines are very rarely adhered to.”
“There you go you see,” I said. “She’s destroying your planet and she’s a terrible employer. Even as the worst teachers in the worst schools on New Earth you would at least get a day off.”
“That’s true, and we might even get paid.”
“He’s right you know guys. We’re better than this.”
“If you help us stop Morag, I can help you become the best teachers on New Earth.”
“Hmmm, I do like the sound of that. We dream about going home all the time.”
“Believe me, I know the feeling,” I replied.
“And if we didn’t have to be failures anymore, it would be so much more enjoyable.”
“Yeah, our kids wouldn’t laugh at us anymore!”
“Alright, what do we have to do?”
“This is the best part. All you need to do is untie us! It’s that simple. Oh, and try to remember not to shoot us.”
“I think even we can manage that,” the guard declared, and the others nodded confidently in agreement.
And so, our hands and feet were unbound, and the guards returned to their posts discretely.
Now, it was crunch time. But first, I had something I needed to get off my chest.
“Langer, before we do this, I want to tell you that although you killed my fiancée, made me go to Tharnon, arrested me for murdering an Elder and generally made my life quite difficult, you’ve also been quite a good friend. So… thanks, I guess.”
“Jesus, Conrad…”
“What?”
“Pull yourself together man.”
He obviously wasn’t prepared for an earful of emotion. 
“Alright, this is it,” I said. “Let’s do this thing.”
We approached Morag cautiously, but with speed comparative to that of a startled Dovi, she spun around angrily.
“Not so fast,” she snarled.
She swung her stick in my direction but I managed to duck under it just in time. Unfortunately for Langer, he hadn’t seen it coming and was hit hard, right on the side of the head. I had a quick look down at his twitching body and I feared the worst, but before I had chance to administer any first aid, I found myself being attacked again.
“Guards,” she shouted. “Don’t just stand there, kill him!”
I allowed myself a smug grin, as the guards just stood still and ignored her orders. 
“You useless imbeciles!”
As delighted as I had been that the guards had shunned Morag, my balls were in agony, so whilst I’d managed to dodge all her attacks so far, I really needed to think of a way to detain her. 
My finger was still trapped in my gun, but it had been in there for so long that I had absolutely no feeling in my entire hand, so unless it was accidental, she needn’t have worried about getting shot. Besides, I had been given strict orders not to kill her anyway, as Langer had his heart set on sending her into the middle of his planet. 
She walked towards me smiling, like killing me would be some kind of hideous treat.
I smiled back, but it didn’t help, and my smile soon turned to a look of concern, as I realised she had backed me into a corner.
She looked right at me, almost into my soul, as she pulled her stick backwards, laughing. 
Everything seemed to slow down and parts of my life flashed before my eyes. 
This must have been how Emmel had felt. I recalled the worried look on his face as I smashed his head to pieces and wondered whether I had the same look on my face, just moments before I would succumb to a similar fate.
A wave of sorrow washed over me, and I wondered what the viewers back on Fa’owai were thinking as Morag’s stick came hurtling down towards my face.
What a way to die.
Beaten to death by an old lady with a stick on live television.
Then again, it really was a no win situation.
Even if I somehow managed to dodge the oncoming attack and subsequently launched one of my own, would I really want to be known as the guy who killed a little old lady? There was no doubt in my mind that Editor would manipulate it to look that way.
But at least if I was killed on the ship I wouldn’t have to worry about finding a new place to live.
Or about how Julie and Mangle Peter might secretly be judging me behind my back, and occasionally to my face.
Or whether Barry Dreeger would ever smile.
Maybe it would be beneficial just to embrace the stick of death, and go quietly at the hands of my geriatric assailant.
The problem was, I wasn’t overly sold on the idea of dying and probably wouldn’t be for some time. 
So I did dodge the attack, and I did launch one of my own and I honestly didn’t give a shit about how it all looked on Fa’owai.
I blocked her stick with my purple hand, then punched her in the face. 
Blood shot out of her nose.
“You didn’t like that did you? You old bitch.”
Then I punched her again, in the eye.
And again, until it went black and her socket caved in. 
Then I grabbed hold of her stick with my good hand, and jammed it into her mouth.
“Don’t speak with your mouth full,” I said. Even whilst in the middle of a heated battle, I was proud of the fact that I was still able to find the time to teach my adversary some manners.
I pulled the stick back out and smashed it down onto her knees. 
“EDIT THIS!” I shouted, over and over again until her knee caps dislodged and pointed inwards.
At this point, I came to the conclusion that she had probably suffered enough. Probably just in time too, as the demon inside me had almost fully taken over. All the rage I’d built up over the last few months came out in the form of knee related violence, and if it had continued, I might have accidentally killed her. I took my tie off and stuffed it in her mouth before hobbling over to Langer who was bleeding badly, but still just about conscious.
“Hang in there, it’s nearly over,” I said, reassuringly.
He made a noise, but it sounded like a complaint, so I ignored him.
Much like earlier, when Langer sacrificed a perfectly decent suit jacket in order to stop my scrotum from losing too much blood, I now faced a similar problem.
Which item of clothing should I sacrifice in order to help my friend? It was a decision I couldn’t take lightly. If I made the wrong choice, the consequences could have been catastrophic for both of us. In the end, I decided to re-use the same jacket he had used on me, on the basis that it had already been covered in blood once and dirtying anything else just seemed silly. 
So with Langer stabilised and Morag well and truly out of action, all I had left to do was stop the super army, who were now functioning on autopilot. Of course, the only reason I knew this was because a little yellow light with the word ‘autopilot’ scribbled above it was lit up. Unfortunately for me, the control panel was the most complicated piece of equipment I had ever come across, and to make matters worse, the instruction manual was in a language I simply wasn’t familiar with.
There must have been close to one thousand buttons, but none of them had been labelled, which made it impossible to know which one would de-activate the autopilot function. They were all kinds of different colours. Different shapes. Different sizes. Some were flashing, some were beeping and some had already been pressed down. Some of them were a bit dirty, but I put this down to the fact that Morag didn’t have a decent cleaner on her books.
Filthy or not; I had a job to do. A job based entirely on trial and error.
I pressed a green button and immediately looked out to see what effect it had.
One of the soldiers instantly exploded.
I wasn’t sure whether it had anything to do with me pressing the button or not. Perhaps that was just something they did every so often? A coincidence maybe?
I pressed another green button just to make sure, and a different soldier exploded.
It was definitely me. 
Were it not for all the innocent people I’d just sent miles into the air, I might have considered exploding each of the soldiers individually, but considering my aim was to save these people, it just wasn’t a viable option.
Next up I tried a red button, but this just made them fire rockets out of their chests and straight into a pharmacy. I don’t think they’d been programmed to specifically aim at pharmacies, that’s just where they were stood at the time of firing. The yellow buttons weren’t much better either. Apparently they just activated the flamethrowers that had been built into their arms, which was bad news for one man in particular who had just made a sizeable withdrawal from a cash machine. His hard work literally going up in flames as he turned to count the notes. 
There was no hiding from the fact that my button bashing had definitely made things worse, but stopping was a pointless consideration as the super soldiers would have trashed the place with or without me dicking about with the controls. So I carried on. Seeing as the coloured buttons had offered little help, I tried one of the dirty ones, in the hope that the dirt had been smeared on intentionally as some kind of filthy deterrent. I was left well and truly flabbergasted upon learning that they only made the soldiers temporarily crouch down.
Who in God’s name thought that was a necessary function? 
Then it hit me.
There was no need for all this bloodshed. No need for all the devastation. No need to waste any more time pissing about with different shaped buttons on a foreign remote.
Whenever I had a problem with an electronic item at home or at work, I would revert to one simple, fix-all solution that had never once failed to work. Granted, it was usually just a television or my Perkolator, but logic would surely suggest that the same solution could be applied to any kind of device whose main power source was electricity. 
So, I followed a black wire out of the back of the device, all the way over to a socket on the wall, and turned the control panel off at the mains.
I waited.
I waited a bit longer.
A bead of sweat fell into my eye.
I continued waiting.
I rubbed my eye a bit.
I started getting a bit anxious. 
Why was nothing happening?

I’ll tell you why; because sneaky old Morag had got herself a plan-B, but I was no fool and I instantly knew what I needed to do. On the under-side of the panel was a small, finger-sized groove. I slid my finger inside it, and pulled gently until a small plastic flap opened up.
Just as I’d suspected, the plastic flap had been in on it all along; hiding four AAA batteries which had acted as a back-up power source once I’d switched the main power off at the socket.
I popped the batteries out one by one, and threw them onto Morag. Sure enough, the massive robotic soldiers started acting a bit funny. Some looked lethargic, like the energy had just been sapped from them, whilst others just looked confused, clearly wondering what had happened to the signal. 
I wiped my sweaty forehead and punched the air, as I’m sure most people would have done.
There was a beautiful albeit brief moment where masses of survivors danced around, trying hard not to get the blood of a dead person on their shoes, as they celebrated the fact that they hadn’t been obliterated themselves. However, the jubilation soon stopped when they realised just how much tidying up there was to do.
I turned around with both arms in the air expecting to be mobbed by people praising me for saving the day, but all I got was a thumb’s up from Langer and a hasty ripple of applause from the guards who seemed more interested in getting off the ship as quickly as they could. To be fair to Langer, he had suffered a terrible head injury, but the guards really had no excuse for not making more of an effort. 

EPILOGUE

I guess it would be fair to say I’d had a tough old time of it over the last few years. One thing was for sure, I had a renewed appreciation for life on New Earth. I had been to places most folk didn’t even know about, and done things most wouldn’t believe were possible, all because I set out one day looking for answers.
Well, I got my answers, and so much more.
Even after their slightly disappointing reaction to my heroism, I remained true to my word and gave the guards that had helped out on the ship their perks. They now work in some of the most average schools on New Earth, receiving reasonable pay and a mediocre holiday entitlement.
An hour long special was shown on Fa’owai in memory of Quarbas. Not surprisingly, it featured footage of him getting shot in the back of the head, followed by a shocking scene where I was shown to be laughing maniacally after his demise. The show received mixed reviews.
Dancer was never mentioned again by anybody. Ever.
As for me, I’d had enough of enhancing and perking, and therefore when General Beevers of the New Earth Defence Force offered me a job as controller of the ‘New Earth Army,’ I accepted without hesitation.
All human soldiers were relieved of their duties and given jobs in a much safer environment, whilst the super soldiers were re-programmed to respond to a new frequency and handed over to me as my first line of defence. The citizens of New Earth that they had once tried to eradicate were now the ones they would serve and protect. 
The dirty buttons were de-commissioned.
I had the tiny laser surgically removed from my finger, and have since been told by a team of medical experts that the colour should eventually return to normal. 
Barry Dreeger smiled once, for charity. He died instantly. 
And Langer… well… I stood there in the exact same spot that I had first watched him being escorted onto The Carrier. This time there was no prison ship, just the magnificent MSS-Phoenix, and the only prisoner being led onto the ship was Morag, who didn’t look at all pleased. 
He saluted from his control room window, and I saluted back; there was no need for a soppy verbal exchange. The two Jessie’s waved, and another man, quite possibly Nils Bohemia, also waved.
Just as before, it was pouring with rain, and it was freezing, but my blood was a perfectly normal temperature and my emotions were completely in check. No crowd of people had gathered to hurl obscenities at anybody, unless sticking my middle finger up at Morag counted, which it probably did.
I had mixed feelings about Langer returning to Moros. On one hand, I knew that I would be living in a much safer environment, but on the other I would miss the adventures we’d had.
As the engines engaged, I knew it would only be a matter of seconds before they were gone for good. Thankfully, this time round I had no questions that needed answering, and absolutely no desire to find a way onto the ship, so as they took to the sky once more, I stayed exactly where I was.

Author’s note – 

Thanks for taking the time to read my debut novel. If you enjoyed it, or even if you didn’t, please feel free to leave me a review.
For updates on new material and general ramblings about life, follow me on Twitter -https://twitter.com/LSThorn

Thanks again!
