






Floaters



David Pollitt








Floaters


David Pollitt

Professional Book Publishing






Floaters
Copyright © 2014 by David Pollitt
All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means: electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or any other, except for brief quotations in printed review, without the prior permission of the author.

 


Acknowledgements
 	My wife of 37 years, Nancy, my soul mate, and Hunter, my 23-year-old son are my best fans. My son has that perfect writer’s heart already writing and not following the pack. He makes his own decisions while not being afraid to spend time by himself without distractions—truly topnotch writer traits.     
	I also want to give credit to my parents when alive for all their encouragement for my writing adventures. My mother helped with her initial, rough-draft editing and gave me my love for writing and reading. My father was the quiet one who entertained himself with his active imagination. Like Father like son. That’s my habit. Thanks, Dad. Finally, I want to thank Shelly Castle for her wonderful cover artwork and for capturing my content. Her artwork drives my own creativity. 


Preface
		 Is this book going to be a series? Well, it certainly sets up the reader for something like that. You can see the possibilities in the Other Books Section. My first secular science fiction book started with the Noah Clan: Dark Nephilim Seeds, and this one is another venture into secular science fiction. As always, I take great care to treat romance as tenderly as possible and to purposely avoid those graphic traps that others seem to lean toward. Enjoy the book and let your imagination race and roar as you read it.
	Oh, now you really might want to read Black Ice a new non-science fiction thriller that is next. That should something new for all readers, including me, but an exciting adventure and an exciting new trend of mine.  

Other Books By David Pollitt
Christian Non-Fiction
Cleft of the Rock				    		2002
(A study on the 23rd Psalm)		
Talking the Talk of the New Covenant Species   	2004
With Fear and Trembling: Walking the     		2011
Walk of the New Covenant Species			
Hope For Gentle Old Men-Poetry	   		2004

Christian Science Fiction
End-time Series: The Maranatha Chronicles
Part I: Irish: An Angel’s Journey		    	2011
Part II: Children of the Sanctuary 	    		2011
Part III: Armageddon Darkness	                       		2011
Part IV: Day of the Dragons				2013
Part V: Nephilim Wars			            		2011

Other Nonfiction
Better Organizational Training & Communication 	2009     
Preparing Excellence for the Excellent	           		2011                       

Secular Science Fiction
The Noah Clan: Dark Nephilim Seeds			2013


Forthcoming Secular Science Fiction
The Nephilim Chronicles
     	The Nephilim Assassinations
	Invasion of Dark Matter Nephilims
	Nephilim Dark Lords
	Dark Heavens Bright Suns
The Floaters Series
	The Cerubus Pack
	Clash of the One Thousands
	Floaters on Cerubus	

Forthcoming Secular Thriller, Action, Suspense (Next)
	Black Ice 
 
Forthcoming Management NonFiction
	Improving Learning & Performance with Teams  
		Assessments for Students and Corporate Performance										                                                                                                     
Places to go:
professoredit.wordpress.com
Smashwords.com

It’s Evolution
Doctor Kabe: The Lecture
	Dr. Kabe (Kabe) stood at his presentation podium with an oversized smart board behind him while he pointed to familiar pictures of man’s evolution from the Omeba all the way through apes and other upright-walking mammals. There were over 500 students in attendance, many of Kabe’s own students. 
	Kabe stood looking intensely at the expressions of his students while waiting for his newest information on evolution to cause the ripple effect that he expected. He felt so strongly about his evolutionary ideas. He pushed back on his long white hair, brushing back on the sides of his hair and fingering it behind his ears. He was wearing it down around his shoulders today rather than his normal rubber band into his long pony tail. He was almost 80, but others thought much younger. 
It was strange for him to be complimented about his age; and when someone said he didn’t look that old, he would say, “You’re supposed to say that to me, but thanks.”
	He would never tell them that his hair was really red, but a $10-dollar 205-white-color always made it whiter every four weeks, trying really to be blonde, but it didn’t work well that way. He once was encouraged from a pretty little female student who insisted that he change it white-blonde since it made him look younger. That was the only part of vanity he kept over the years except for always wearing a vest and a high collarless white shirt. He said it made him feel like a priest, wishing secretly he was, but not wanting to give up his stance on evolution. He admitted with his long British face and wide shoulders, he’d make an attractive priest along with his face always peppered in a five-day growth: he hated shaving; he believed in the attractiveness of stubble. 
Kabe had already written several white papers about the newest forms of evolution, which received lukewarm reception from researchers; but from the religious right, outright hostility. His theories concerning where man would be in the next 100 years were shocking, but fascinating. One could not help be fascinated with what could possibly be in our evolutionary future.  
	Kabe continued his lecture, “So, now, we come to present day. I have told you about incidental physical changes in mankind, but what about the mind? Oh, sure, we can do without our appendix and gall bladder as well as our tonsils, but what about our mind? This next step in evolution is what I get in most trouble about.”
	A protester shouted from the crowd, “You are messing with God’s plan! You are getting ready to tell us that we will turn into super-beings by using our mind. This is heresy! This is the devil’s work!” There was a rush by guards to pull the lady who shook her Bible at him while shouting. 
	Kabe remained quiet, and then, nodded to the lady being pulled out of the auditorium by the guards. He moved to the stage in front of him and sat on the edge of the platform letting his legs swing back and forth like he was on a swing. He rubbed his face, then took a deep breath.
	“You know. She’s right. That’s exactly what I was going to talk about, but not quite as severe as what the devil would want, whoever or whatever he is. I believe there are folks already in our midst who are evolving beyond the physical, but they just don’t know it. Some call it intuition; some call it thin-slicing; some use it in the terms of priming like in advertisement. The subtle but accurate adaptable subconscious with us figuring out things faster than a computer about situations and people is just part of it.”
	Kabe jumped off the stage to the distress of his sound technicians and started walking up the middle aisle. He turned and pointed to one of his best students.
	“Doug, have you ever heard someone say something, but their lips didn’t move?”
	“Yes, sir, I told you about that last year. I heard someone at the bank saying something about wanting to rob it. It was so loud that I thought I actually heard it and told the police. They got him, with a gun, and a note.”
	“Yes, you are right; I staged that question. Still, there will always be from time-to-time slight things like that happen. Who knows where it comes from? What about levitating?”
	The crowd shook their heads, “No,” then a student in the back raised his hand saying, “Dr. Kabe, I think that might have happened to me.” 
	The crowd rumbled and laughed because it was that nerd who wore his pants above his waist and had a terrible acne problem while always wearing dark-horn rimmed glasses. 
	“Hey, hey, everyone. You know what I’ve been writing about. Intellect is going to be the major criteria for the next evolution of mankind. The smarter the person, then the more likely their mind evolves to do things we never imagined. I know Fred. He is probably one of the smartest kids I’ve ever known. His IQ is at least 150. If he tells me that he thinks he levitated, then I believe him.”	
	Fred’s face turned red in pride as well as embarrassment, then continued, “I’ve trouble going down stairs without tripping. I had polio when I was very young, and one leg is now a little shorter than another. I have to wear that shoe with a wedge-brace to walk. You all know that.” 
	“So, I just kept saying to myself, ‘I wish I could just float down to the bottom of the stairs, down to the bottom, down to the bottom.”
	Kabe moved right beside the aisle where Fred was sitting, “And, what happened?”
	“I don’t know, except one minute I was at the top of the stairs; and the next minute, I was at the bottom just standing there. Except, there was a moment when I swear I was an inch off the floor, then not.”
	The crowd chuckled and booed at him while he talked, then Kabe interrupted, “Guys, settle down. I really believe that these kinds of things will happen even more as time go on. I believe our minds will let us communicate telepathically; I believe that our minds will let us move objects; I believe we will get the ability to levitate. I also believe that this is all tied to intellect, and the smarter someone is the more that they can do. I believe there will be those who do a little, then there will be exceptional cases where individuals will do even greater and more amazing things. I also believe once the evolution starts that those who have certain abilities will improve what they do. They will improve with time and practice. Still, there will be many amazing, new things taking place.”
	“Like what?” shouted a student.
	“Like move objects from thousands of miles away and cause changes in nature, like make things grow faster, better, and more perfect. I believe we will evolve into the greatest race of beings to have every existed. I also believe it has already started, and you might just have to hold on to your hat.”
	“That’s ridiculous!” shouted an adult from the back. “That’s stupid. You are taking the word of that nerd?”
	“I don’t need to take the word of anyone. I am suggesting, speculating, and conjecturing. I am telling you that man will evolve into far more than we are now. It’s part of our DNA to improve and expand. Every time you think you are light on your feet; every time you are hearing thoughts when no one’s lips are moving; every time things like these happen; you will think about this lecture. You will wonder if you are part of the beginning of a new mankind.”
	“Have you ever had anything like that happen to you, Dr. Kabe?” asked one of the English professors, more helping him than trying to intimidate him. She was Kabe’s cozy friend, who had been living with him for the last ten years. She always said those things to keep his lectures going like he wanted. Today was no different. 
	“Mary, when I was younger, maybe. I also think once the brain has aged past thirty, then there is less chance of it evolving much. We are just losing too many neurons to make any head way. Head way, like in head, like neurons, funny, right?” He was disappointed, no one laughed. 
	“What happened when you were younger?” asked Mary.  
	“Like I said, ‘little light-footed here, a little hearing when no one’s lips were moving, there; maybe being able to move a pencil without touching it, sometimes. Or, it might have just been the beer I drank. It was what made me start thinking about this year’s ago. Since, others have had similar experiences, so it was one-plus-one-plus-one equals three. Yes, three, right?”
	The crowd laughed this time, then Kabe bowed and jumped back on the stage, clicked off the smart board, then shouted, “Now, I’ve given you something to think about, right?”
	Kabe turned to watch the auditorium empty, then saw Henry and Abe walking towards him, two of his favorite students. He wondered secretly if these two would be first to be affected by his evolutionary ideas. They were certainly smart enough. He thought they were also geek enough too, not nerdy, just dang smart, almost too smart for school. Mary came walking up on the stage and put her arm around Kabe’s waist, then laid her head on his shoulder. 
Mary was tall and thin, too thin thought Kabe, but she was all his to the envy of others around him. Her Irish features and natural red hair down to her shoulders made her looks every bit the model when she wasn’t one. She had a sweet innocent face that made everyone around her think that she was a teenager in a thirtyish body. She definitely was not that innocent, regardless of the looks. She was Kabe’s girl, possessively Kabe’s girl, totally Kabe’s girl, and proved it repeatedly while never letting him forget it. 
Sometimes Kabe became upset and even a little depressed about class work and students. That didn’t stop Mary. She always mentioned that her job was to love him and wear him out till his last day on earth. She was doing a very good job of it, and it seemed that everyone knew it and knew exactly what that meant. Kabe didn’t mind at all. After all, he was in a relationship with someone more than half his age, and he always commented to others envy that Mary was better than aerobics and power walks. He always let everyone know that he preferred Mary’s way of keeping him in shape than the other. 
	Mary commented, “Okay, Doc, that was nice. I bet some students won’t be sleeping tonight thinking about this. I bet some of the smarter ones will be trying to levitate a little and trying to hear others’ thoughts.”
	“I believe I would be. You know when one of my best friends told me what happened to him one time that I tried to levitate for weeks after. I couldn’t imagine why I couldn’t and he could. Very disappointing, but I did get the thought-reading down pat. Now, that was special.” He whispered the last with an affirming nod from Mary, then kissed her lightly on the forehead. She swished away from him in her long-ruffled skirt that covered her tall pettiness and made her long braids, today’s special, making her look more like the Celtic peasant girl than usual. She nodded at Henry and Abe as they walked hand-in-hand with inquisitive looks between them.
Again, Kabe thought about just how smart these two were. He had seen Henry working on his calculus homework one day. Henry didn’t even have to look at anything but the problem, then he knew the answer. He felt that his girlfriend, Abe, was a chip off the same block. He asked Henry one day what his I.Q. was and got a sort of definitive answer that implied he was too smart to even be measured. He thought that Abe wasn’t quite as smart, but smart enough, then the more she hung out with Henry the smarter she became. It was almost like she was benefiting from Henry’s intelligence. That also brought up another line of thought. Kabe wondered if intellect could be shared between people, especially those who were going to be the forerunners of his evolutionary ideas. He even wondered whether two such individuals might even have joint abilities that double or triple their impact, then he wondered what would happen if there were thousands of the same. What would happen, then? He shrugged in thought and figured he’d probably not live long enough to find out. 
	“Henry, Abe, how are you guys doing today?”
	Abe jumped into the conversation first as usual, “We are great! We loved your lecture! If you ever run into some of those, those, guys, we’d like to meet them, okay?”
	“Well, if I ever do, you two will be the first to know. I’ve been thinking that those individuals, which I would call the EvoS. I believe they will be able to share and improve their abilities if they work together. What do you think about that?”
	Henry exclaimed, “Double Whammy! Exciting!”
	Henry poked at Abe, “We got to get to chemistry class. Come on, Girl.”
	“Stay in touch, guys. Let me know if you see anything strange happen with others or even yourselves.”
	“Oh, we are just normal geeks, not abnormal ones, at least for right now,” commented Henry as he walked away from Kabe with his arm around Abe’s waist.   

It’s Started
	Henry looked at the chalk-board as the chemistry professor connected the formula. He always felt like he was too smart for school, but he humored it for his parent’s sake. For that very reason, he was always bored. His mind worked on such a high level that it was hard to imagine anything that could challenge him anymore. Things like math and science, those left-brain things, flowed from them in torrents with far more perfectness than anyone else wanted to know or care about. It was if he was from an alien world. In order to cover up for his boredom, he always told his professors he was epileptic and his medicine made him sleepy.   
	From the back row, he nodded off just a little. A minute later, he thought he was in a wind tunnel. The sounds of the voices were so loud he almost couldn’t stand it. It was as if he had a megaphone right next to him, and all the people were speaking at once. It seemed to practically break his eardrums. He grabbed his head and stuck his fingers in his ears, then grabbed his ear buds from his backpack and stuck them in his ears like he did when he went to a loud concert. 
He shouted to himself, “Stop it!” It stopped. He shook his head slightly in misunderstanding, then felt better. 
    	Abe poked him inquisitively, “Henry, what’s wrong with you?” 
She realized she was interrupting the professor and put her hand over her mouth, then mouthed, “I’m sorry,” to the professor, who nodded and continued. 
	Henry wrote on a note and handed it back to here, “I feel strange. Have I been bit by a werewolf, lately?” then he chuckled as did she. He pointed to his ears trying to indicate what happened, then did a little howl movement with his mouth and laughed again. 
	Abe chuckled and slapped the back of his head when the professor turned back to the board. There was a moment of confusion when she saw Henry’s chair wobbling in place. She stared at him as he sat still not moving. The chair was barely a half inch about the floor and looked stuck there. She poked at Henry again while pointing to the floor. He humored her and looked down, then gulped with his eyes growing wide in surprise, then it settled down to the floor in a loud, crooked four-leg click causing the whole class to look back at him. He only shrugged at them while the professor did the throat-cut movement at him to stop. 
	Abe wrote another note, “What in the heck is that all about? You some kind of ever-loving magician?”
	Henry scribbled quickly, “None of the tricks I’ve been practicing.”


Henry & Abe Looking Back
	“I just think that it would be a good idea for Henry and Abe to go out on a date together, don’t you guys?” suggested Mrs. Oliver at their weekly canasta card game at the McCrieghts. The couples nodded in agreement as their two 14-year olds worked on a science project together in Abe’s room. The two of them just figured that they were just like sister and brother, and science was more interesting than relationships. 
Of course, it was nice just being together. Being the smartest kids in their high school, nearly genius level, made everyone else shun them, but it drove their friendship even closer. There was a small science club where somewhat intelligent students gathered from time to time, but Henry and Abe knew the difference. They didn’t criticize the others, but they knew just how smart they were. 
 	Sometimes, Henry would look at Abe as she seemed to be blossoming as a teenager and wondered in weaker moments about a relationship, then it made him almost nauseous, and he pushed the thoughts out of the way to fill his brain with more practical stuff like math. Yes, math was the answer, not relationships although he liked being with Abe—his sister, right?
	To Abe, it was a little different. She wanted a relationship, a better friend than a brother. After all, she had two brothers and knew the difference. Henry was becoming part of her daily fantasies, fantasies that were not all together like math or science. Still, she never let on. 
	As time went on, Henry and Abe started hanging out together beyond the canasta gatherings, then they seemed to be the inseparable duo all the way to graduation. It was graduation that changed it all. As Henry and Abe met after receiving their diplomas; and as they hugged, slightly, they turned as they came apart, then looked at each other and took that big step—the kiss. For just a minute, they pushed their faces against each other, then faced each other one more time with another kiss that was not at all congratulations for graduation. 
	“I have been meaning to do that for a long time,” replied Henry still holding to her and looking again into her eyes.
	“I have been meaning to do that for a long time too,” answered Abe, then they kissed again. 
	It was like that for Henry and Abe, but they kept it secret and met when no one else was looking, just between them. Just a small start that stayed that way all the way into college, just between the two of them, very, very sweet.  
 	When Henry wasn’t hanging with Abe and in class, all he wanted to do was stay in his room and play his 360 games and PS8’s, then he’d watch his anima cartoon series. He day dreamed of strange anima things like this but never expected anything like this to happen to him. In his day dreams, he pretended that he somehow had super powers and even tried to move things with his mind. Kid has to try. He’d walk along, look up at the sky, and repeat to himself, levitate, levitate, levitate almost expecting a little lift, but nothing. He admitted to Abe once that he practiced commanding himself to lift off the ground to watch the shock on people’s faces when he did, especially that basketball player that knew he was only 5’ 9” but was still looking him square in the eyes. They were all just dreams and fantasies all mixed up with other imaginary things that looked more like cartoons than reality.  

Return to Present Day
	The beakers on the professor’s desk started exploding one after another sending the professor to the floor with students hiding under their books while trying to avoid the flying glass. When it happened, Henry’s chair lifted over six inches off the floor, then crashed down again when Henry said, “Stop!”  
	Abe grabbed his hand and put a book up in front of Henry’s face to protect him from the exploding glass, but it never reached him. It just hung in the air only inches from him and crashed to the floor without anyone noticing. 
	Abe whispered to him, “Okay, Matrix man, what’s up with this crap? This has to be you. What are you doing? No, how?”
	“I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know,” he whispered in a gasp full of his own surprise about it all. How could he be doing this?
	The professor started shouting, “Get security! We have been targeted by terrorist! Brandon, call security!”
	Brandon was the nearest to the classroom phone and plunged towards it, then shouted for security. “Lock down! Lock down! Lock down!”
	The college alarms went off while the college dean came on the intercom announcing for all students to stay in their classrooms and to stay away from the windows. The professor pulled himself off the floor, then brushed glass out of his hair and clothes. The students moved away from the windows and looked around to see if any in the class were suspect to no avail. Just the same kids they always went to school with, nothing sinister or obvious.
	The professor announced, “I don’t know what happened, but I promise that we will get to the bottom of this! This was not funny if this was some kind of joke!”
	Abe hung off Henry’s arm and used this time to get even closer to him than usual. She knew he had something to do with all of it, but she had no idea how. Henry put his arm around her waist and supported her as they moved away from the windows. 
He whispered to her, “You okay, Abe?”
Abe looked a little stricken by all the excitement. She didn’t like drama, and this was drama. It caused her blood sugar to spike high and crash minutes later unless she could down a candy bar. She was already getting the sugar shakes from all this. 
	“Yes, glad you were here for me. Keep close. I got the sugar shakes. Got any crackers in you backpack? What do you think that was about?” she asked,
	“Here, peanut butter crackers. I’d hate to guess. I think I want to keep quiet and talk about it later, huh?” he remarked and put his finger up to his lips in a “be quiet” move.
	“You’re not just kidding” as she snuggled even closer to him, then he noticed and smiled slightly, cuddling was fun. 
Henry looked to be the male side of Abe, just a skinny kid weighing no more than 135, just short of 5’9, with thin shoulders and thick wire-rimmed glasses with a backpack loaded with techno. Abe was so much like him. She stood 5’ 4,” then so thin that it was hard sometimes to tell them apart, including a too-large t-shirt draping her tiny shoulders and washboard chest. They really looked like brother and sister with same dark black hair and pale complexion making them stand out even more.  
	Finally, the classroom was allowed to leave. Henry and Abe walked out together, and the professor stopped them with a question, “Henry, you were in the back. Did you see anything unusual?”
	Henry had already told campus security that he saw two kids outside the classroom on the campus lawn with what looked to be some kind of remote devices. He had to get the attention away from the classroom in case they reviewed the classroom live feeds. It worked. Not a single comment of the video feeds was mentioned.
	“Yes, sir, just what I told the security. I saw two kids who didn’t look like anyone I’ve seen before outside the classroom with some kind of remote control devices.”
	“Well, that makes sense. I thought we had a ghost in class. I hope it wasn’t some of my students paying me back for low grades. You kids have a good day. I kind of like seeing you two together like this. You make a sweet couple.”
	“You’ve never noticed before?” Henry asked inquisitively.
	“Oh, unless it’s chemistry, I guess I don’t notice much coming or going,” he replied, then took his half-inch spectacles and wiped them off with a dirty hanky. Henry could see just why he never noticed. He thought the professor must be blind as a bat.
	Henry pulled his hand back to himself from Abe instinctively, then changed his mind to Abe’s delight and pulled her close to him again, then mentioned, “Yes, we are, a sweet couple, that is.” Abe smiled contentedly and laid her head on his shoulder for second. 
	“If you see those guys again, let us know, okay?”
	“Sure, professor,” he remarked as he walked slowly out of the classroom.
	“Henry, I don’t know what to say. I somehow felt you were doing something like that. I am totally confused how?”
	“I’m confused too. I’m not as confused about us. I think we need to stop hiding how we feel about each other. I’m sorry it took me so long to be obvious. We’ve been hiding it for too long.” He turned and kissed her tenderly on her lips and brushed the hair from her ears while tucking her hair behind them, then a moment later he was reaching up to her face not down.
	“Holy mackerel, Henry! Make it stop!”
	“I didn’t do anything. You must have done that!” as she came down a foot off the ground into his arms. 
	“Did anyone see us?”
	“No, not a soul around, and this big tree blocked anyone from seeing anything from the street. What in the heck is going on? Are we some kind of freaks or what?”
	“Or what!” she answered, getting scared to death at what just happened. “What did you do in class?”
	“I thought about the powers of the X-Men how people can move things with their mind. I was just fooling around. You, know what a day dreamer I am? I was just trying to move the beakers, not blow them up.”
	“Promise not to day dream around me anymore unless you prepare me first.”
	“So, I was the one levitating, not the chair. I was in the chair, so it lifted because I was going up, right?”
	“I think you’re right. We have to get home and go to your dad’s basement lab. I don’t want anyone to know about this. We have to figure out what is happening to us.”
	They walked home holding hands, then Henry’s mom saw them walking up the sidewalk. She grabbed at Todd, her husband, who was helping her with the dishes, “Look at this. Look at this. OMG, this is unbelievable! It’s about time.”
	Todd saw them leaning into each other as they walked and swelled with pride for his boy, “Good going, Henry. You aren’t just brother and sister anymore. Good going, Henry.”
	Henry and Abe dropped their hands to their sides and made their way into the house, nodding at his parents, then Todd winked at Henry, and Henry knew why. 
	“We’d like to work on a class project in your lab, Dad, that okay?”
	Todd laughed, “You can do all the experiments you want, Henry,” then Sharon slugged him on the shoulder for the insinuation. 
	“Ouch! You are the meanest white woman in the South,” he proclaimed. 
	“You have no idea how mean I can be if you don’t stop encouraging stuff. Don’t give him ideas,” she whispered.
	“I think he already has ideas, Mom,” he whispered back.
	“Oh, Todd, stop that. I don’t want to even think about that,” she groaned, then let her face fall against his nearest arm.
	After getting into the lab, Henry turned to Abe and asked, “What do you think is going on? We both are normal people, and we now have some kind of abilities? It’s a Kabe thing, right?”
	Abe answered, “We aren’t normal people. We are superior geeks with IQs off the chart. We are so dang smart that we make other smart people look stupid. You know that, and that might just be the reason for this.”
	Henry laughed at her suggestion, “Oh, so we are the newest evolution of mankind, the EvoS, the next step, from genius to super weirdoes, right?”
	“That’s not nice, so when are we going to try to do something weird?” she challenged.
	“Now, right now!” he answered.
	“Oh, first things first,” she answered as she reached for him and turned him around in front of her. She grabbed his face and planted a big kiss on him, then encircled him with her arms running her hands along his shoulders and up the back of his head.
	“Wow!” commented Henry, shocked at her aggressiveness, but loving it, then returned the kiss the same way.
	“Wow!” commented Abe. “I’ve never, ever kissed a guy like that before. We are really getting good at this. This is great! Actually, I’ve never ever kissed a guy except you.”
	“I understand, Abe. I’ve never kissed any girl except you, either. We better ease up a little. If we don’t watch it, we will be on the ceiling without a way to get down all locked up with nowhere to go.”
	“I got it, do our weirdness first, right?” she laughed at his red-faced embarrassment without any social skills to handle this, but admired his progress.
	“Yes, now, let’s hold hands and think about floating off the floor maybe by a foot, okay?”
	“Okay, just a foot, okay,” she answered excitedly.
	As they held each other’s hands, they closed their eyes and concentrated while nothing happened. 
	“This is frustrating, what are we supposed to do now?” asked Abe.
	“Wait, maybe we are interfering with each other. I mean, I may be made different than you. Let’s stand in front of each other and do it individually.”
	“Are you trying to say you are better than me at this?” she kidded, but thinking that is exactly what he meant. She wanted to out-do him. The heck with one foot; she was going to the ceiling.
	As they stood quietly, they both concentrated, then slowly they both lifted slightly, which pulled Henry’s legs right out from under him as he went crashing to the floor. Abe already floated three feet above the floor and stayed while watching him struggle to his feet. 
	“Dog gone it, Abe. How did you do that? I lost my balance.”
	She was still suspended in the air and talking without a flutter of movement. “I did mention to myself, lift and balance. I was afraid that would happen to me. I guess you didn’t think of that, did you?”
	“You are still there while talking. Wait, say, stop, now,” suggested Henry.
	Abe did it, “Stop!”
	When she did, she came crashing down to the floor almost throwing her into the work bench. 
	Henry said, “Watch! Lift and balance.”
	Henry floated up by three feet and stayed suspended like Abe, then said, “Slowly stop!”
	When he said it, he came down slowly to a gentle landing in front of her. They both clapped and jumped around excitedly. This was the greatest event of their geek life. 
	“How far could we go?” asked Abe.
	“Oh, oh, don’t you dare ask that question. If we could go six inches, we could go a foot; if we could go a foot; we could go three feet; if we could go three feet, we could go a mile?”
	“Oh, Abe, that sounds so dangerous. What is the possibility that one person could do three feet and another a hundred? Do you think that there are going to be differences in our abilities? This has to be happening to others. How many real smart people do we really know?”
	“I don’t know the answer to that question, but what else can we do? What about Kabe? Well, according to Kabe, it might have to do with age. Under thirty, remember? If someone is past a certain age, then they may not be able to. Who else do we know our age and smart?”
	“I know a couple, but we will have to go see them. They work for Exdine Corporation in the student labs. There is this Chinese guy, Wong, then his sister, Xong. I’ve got no classes tomorrow. Let’s go by and see them. What about something else we can do?”
	Abe was already on it while staring at a screwdriver trying to imagine it moving, then dropped her head disappointedly, “Nothing. You try.” 
	Henry concentrated on his dad’s work bench. Slowly but surely, a screw driver lifted off the bench. It turned towards him; and as he held up his hand, it floated directly to it. 
	“Fantastic, Henry, jealous, but fantastic! Do something else” she encouraged.
	“Stand still, Abe. Promise me, not a move,” he suggested. 
	Henry closed his eyes, then looked directly at Abe, then watched her expression grow wide almost frightening her. She sucked in her breathe in surprise, then it was over. 
	“You dirty old man! You touched me. You scoundrel! Oh, my Lord! I will never be safe around you again! How did you do that? You better not try that too much without my permission, but it was nice. I felt your hand on my lips, then you moved it down my neck. I thought you were going to do something else. You dirty old man! I bet you wanted to, right?” she exclaimed.
	“Of course, I wanted to, with your permission, right?” he laughed and noticed that Abe was sweating profusely from the experience.
	“So, we all may have different levels; or maybe, we have to learn to do different levels” she stated as she wiped the sweat from her neck and smiled slightly, then licked her lips wanting another kiss after that.
	Sharon screamed from upstairs, “Little Billy is stuck on the trampoline! Someone help him!”
	Henry dashed up the stairs and out into the yard while watching as Little Billy went higher and higher on the trampoline. They could tell that if he tried to get off that he would end up crashing to the ground even on some construction material his dad had left around that could break his neck. Henry ran to the trampoline, jumped on when Billy went up, then just as they were to pass each other grabbed him and dived off. Sharon screamed because it was exactly where the concrete blocks were laying. When she came around, Henry was suspended three feet off the ground with Billy in his arms. 
	“Slowly, stop!” he ordered. 
	He descended to the ground while kissing it with a gentle landing. Sharon gasped as did Todd who came running out from around the back of the house. No one said a word, not a word.
	Henry handed Billy to his mom, then turned to walk Abe home. He winked at his father who chased after him and stated, “There is an article that you might be interested in reading. I will put it on your desk in your room. It is from an old friend of mine, Dr. Kabe, I call him Froggy.”
	“I know Dr. Kabe. I heard his lecture this morning, and I’ve had classes under him before. His lecture today was on evolution. Same Froggy?”
	“That’s him. Make sure he knows I’m your father. Probably already does.”
	“What’s this article about, Dad?”
	“The Next Evolution of Mankind: What will it be?”
	“Yep, that’s the same guy,” nodded Henry in agreement.
	“That might be appropriate reading right now,” continued Henry as he walked hand in hand with Abe. 

Finding Others
	“See you in the morning, right?” replied Henry. 
	“Sure, can you touch me from home?” she asked. 
	“I don’t know. Do you want me too?” he asked cautiously.
	“Yes,” she whispered, then rose to his height briefly and kissed him tenderly on the lips while looking around to see if anyone saw her. 
	“Make a list of others who may be affected by this. I think it has to do with our intelligence. I know it’s not an infection. Think about that, will you?”
	“Okay,” she replied quietly, then turned and went in, then turned to him whispering again, “When you touch me, kiss me good night, okay?”
	“Sure,” he commented disappointedly. He had other things on his mind but had made a promise. 
	As soon as Henry got home, he went to his room and found the case study from Dr. Kabe. He sat still for a moment and read quietly. He took a highlighter and marked it carefully. The professor was stating how the only evolution possible was for mankind would be all mental. Mankind was on the verge of a new species that would push physical science aside. He predicted that there would be new abilities that would affect just a few, mostly those with higher-than-average intelligence. Just like what he said in his lecture. He predicted that the minimum IQ would have to be a quotient of 130 to 150 and above. 
He stated, “The mind of man is ready for a change and a challenge. We, as a species, are ready for the next step in our evolution. There will be many variations of the same abilities in levels that are a simple as a little levitating, but the highest level of evolution will come with the abilities to move, then change things with the mind in ways that will startle even threaten the world’s governments. The most dangerous ability will be the ability of extension in order to change things from thousands of miles away. It might be nice to tell someone you have new abilities as a party trick, but some in government will consider these new abilities as a threat.” 
	Henry decided that he and Abe needed to go see Kabe as soon as possible. He decided that he also needed to find out just what he could and couldn’t do. What level was he? He felt that Abe was not as strong as he was on this scale, but maybe she could learn. At least, it would be nice learning with her. 
	He was about ready for bed when he heard in his mind, “Aren’t you going to kiss me?” 
	He spoke out loud without thinking, “Yes, of course. Stay still for a moment.”
	He imagined that he was next to her and put his hand out and touched the side of her face as he had earlier that day. He could hear her breathing heavily and felt her pulse racing while she started breaking out in a sweat. He touched her lips, then imagined that he was pressing his face up against hers. There was a slight sound and sigh from her, then he realized that he needed to stop. He kissed her tenderly and thought he had to stop and couldn’t if he didn’t do it now.  
	“Good night, Little Sister,” he stated, then rolled over and went to sleep. 
	Her voice echoed in his head, “That was soooo nice.” 

The Expert
It was early morning while Kabe reached for his morning coffee, perking only enough for three cups, his daily maximum; his slight addiction without which he could not move very fast. All through the night, he could hear the pinging of his emails on his phone and on his laptop. He read a couple, then realized what he had been writing about all these years was taking place, and all he could do was wait. 
Mary came up behind him and encircled him with her arms, then on her tiptoes kissed the back of his neck. “I enjoyed this morning. Thanks. I can’t imagine what you are thinking about this morning with those emails you mentioned talking about the phenomenon. Your phenomenon, right? The EvoS. It’s happening, isn’t it?”
“Yes, the emails. You should read some of these,” he replied while shaking his head in shock about it all. 
“Yes, this morning was great, always is, you know that. But this new EvoS event is unexpected. It is evolution, don’t you think?” knowing the answer before he asked it. Mary only laid her head on his back and kept him in her embrace. This was her old man, her old man with all the ideas, all the speculations, all the supposes; now, he was her old man who was right about it all. They both felt a sense of fear for what might be coming as well as excitement. 
	The messages were all the same, “Dr. Kabe, my son is levitating. What shall I do?” 
	“Dr Kabe, my son is moving things with his mind. What is going on?”
	“Dr. Kabe, do you really think that my twins are in danger? You wrote about the government considering abilities as a threat in the future. Can you explain more?”
	“Dr. Kabe, my son is stuck to the ceiling. Help us!”
	“Dr. Kabe, my daughter is on the roof. What shall we do?”
	He finally stopped reading them and decided to just wait to see what happened. He didn’t expect this type of change to take place so fast. He recognized from some of the emails as his brightest students, and those who worked in the research labs on campus. These were no doubt kids who had high IQ’s. This was exactly what he predicted—evolution. 
	By noon the next day, the news was picking up on the phenomenon. It started out as calling these kids freaks, then after several thousand started appearing to be infected, it became more of a scientific mystery, a puzzle, and interesting-and-fascinating puzzle. Experts from every genre were commenting on the events. Most of the events just included a little levitation. All were able to communicate with thoughts, then some had limited extended touch. Some of the more sophisticated results were never noticed. Others were just barely affected by it. No one knew about the more advanced Henry’s, just the lesser others. It seemed that parents and young people were smart enough not to cause too much attention to them. No one wanted to be in the lime light that much right now. It was mostly because they didn’t know exactly what they could do and thought it might scare people. 
	Kabe sat, read, and considered what now were thousands of emails and messages. Kabe reached impatiently for his phone and turned it completely off, then he went to all of his computers and turned them off. He wasn’t going to answer anyone until he was absolutely sure he knew what was going on. This was his great mystery, but it was one he didn’t want to think about right now. He grabbed Mary’s hand and pulled her along toward their bedroom. He just wanted somehow not to think about all this until later. An early nap would be nice; a close snuggle would be better. He just wanted to leave it behind for just a bit while it all unraveled and things seemed a little clearer.  

The Kids
	Henry looked shyly at the ground as he waited for Abe. Marci, her mother finally came out and looked happily at Henry, “So good to see you again, Henry. Abe will be down in a minute.”
	She noticed that Henry was still the Henry she knew almost his whole life. She saw the same geeky looking, but good looking Henry. She saw nervousness in Henry that she had never seen before. He looked guilty about something. It was almost too obvious. She wondered a minute about what, then went to the kitchen to get him a cookie. He always liked a chocolate chip and a cup of milk to dip them. 
	“Just like you want, Henry. Are you feeling okay? You look a little pre-occupied this morning. Class work got you distracted, right?”
	“Yes, Mrs. Oliver, class work. Abe and I are trying to figure out a class project together.”
	Mrs. Oliver relaxed and said to herself, “Class project. Now that’s my Henry and Abe. Always doing things together,” then she thought, “At least, it’s not something else. Not those two.”
	“How are you doing, Mrs. Oliver?” he asked. 
	Mrs. Oliver was doing well enough, except she was one of those few bright people in Henry’s life who should have been a physicist, not just a housewife. He always thought she was wasting her time staying home all the time. After Abe’s dad died in the car accident, Mrs. Oliver left the university research program and stayed at home while living off the insurance proceeds. Of course, she remarried, but she was “piddling” was what Henry called it, but he never mentioned it to Abe. He also noticed how young Mrs. Oliver must have been when she had Abe. He thought she must have been in high school when it happened, and he was right. It still didn’t stop her from finishing college and getting a doctorate in Chemical Engineering and Research.  
	The problem with being that smart was that Mrs. Oliver was having episodes that confused her. She found that in an accident at home recently that she never hit the floor. She had screamed, “Oh, no!” loudly and just before she hit the floor; she didn’t. She put her hands on the floor and just sat there in one place thinking she was dreaming. She finally got up and went to get a cold beer at 2 p.m. in the afternoon, then after, went to bed trying to forget it. 
	Just after Henry dipped his cookie, he said to Abe still in her room, “Do you want me to touch you again?”
	Instead of an answer from Abe, there came a question from Mrs. Oliver, “What did you say, Henry?”
	Henry realized that Mrs. Oliver was affected too. “I asked if you wanted me to help touch up, clean up, the kitchen, you know, okay?”
	“Oh, no, how nice of you. I’ve got it. You must have heard me spill the milk?” she questioned.
	“Yes, Ma’am. I heard the milk bottle clink the counter top,” he answered, then did a “whew” in his head and tried to block out anything that might be a message to anyone. It worked. He was learning. 
	Abe joined in late by ordering that her voice only go to Henry, “What in the heck are you guys talking about? I heard that milk dodge. Keep a lid on it, Boyfriend.”
	Mrs. Oliver had the mixer going while kneading bread for biscuits thinking she was going crazy with voices in her head that were like white noise now. She smacked at the side of her head, then went to get a cold beer at ten in the morning. She didn’t finish the biscuits but went upstairs to go to bed. 
 	As Abe passed her mother going back upstairs, Abe said, “Good morning, Mom,” then looked strangely at her as she made her way swaying a little from the fast beer, then later popped some ambient to help her sleep. 
	As she move up the stairs, she spoke, “Morning, sweetie. You and Henry have a good day,” then looked back at Henry, who was looking at the floor again, guilty again, almost sneaky again. 
	Henry whispered to Abe, “White noise. Say white noise to yourself. It creates white noise and no one can hear you. Got it?”
	Abe nodded, then took his hand, kissed him lightly on the cheek, then they eased out the front door together. Mrs. Oliver saw the light kiss, then started wondering what her two favorite people were up too. It actually made her happy. She was pleased that something like this was happening to her Abe, especially from Henry. 
	She thought to herself, “Lord, I’ve been waiting for this for a long time. I wish Dad were here. He would love this.”
	As Henry and Abe walked towards the University, they talked about Kabe. “What do you think Kabe would think about all this?” asked Abe.
	“I don’t know. He was the only one who ever got close to discussing stuff like this. I bet he is overwhelmed by all of this. I bet every smart student he ever knew is contacting him right about now. I have to believe it is all tied to intelligence, like he said. I also believe we are a new species of evolution, the next step. Don’t you?”
	“Well, more you than me. You’re smarter than me. I guess there are different levels of this evolution. Where do you think it will end up? Maybe some of us can only do it a little while some can do it a lot. It kind of scares me if the wrong people could use this ability in the wrong way. Kabe, in his white paper, stated that even governments might consider some of these new abilities a threat. I remember him saying this. Where will it all end?”
	“I don’t know, but I think we need to keep a lid on what we are for the time being. We just have to play dumb.”
	“Don’t you want to know what else we can do?”
	“I’m scared to know. Remember, white noise, white noise, keep to verbal only,” Henry warned. 
	Suddenly, Henry’s phone rang, “It’s Kabe.”
	“Henry, you’re about the only student of mine who hasn’t contacted me. Are you affected with this stuff and how much?”
	“Of course, I am. It’s driven by intelligence, isn’t it, and my I.Q. is 200 plus, last time I checked or higher?” 
	“I figured you were part of this. Don’t let on that you are touched by this. It’s dangerous. You know how I feel about this.”
	“Yes, you remember; I heard that last lecture, and my dad gave me that white paper, Froggy.”
	“Froggy?” asked Kabe. “There is only one person who ever called me that. Oh my, Lord. I never connected the dots. You are Todd’s son. No wonder you have abilities.”
	“I sense there is more you are not telling me about my dad, right?” Henry asked. 
	“Far more than you have time for right now,” answered Kabe while letting warm memories flooded over him that slowed his speech just a little. 
 	“You were soooo right about all this stuff. Where is this going to stop? What more could we actually do?” he asked fearfully. 
	“You will have to tell me that,” commented Kabe. “Now, can you tell me what’s happened to you so far?”
	“Levitation a little, don’t know how far it can go. Moving and touching things with my mind. Communicating with my mind. Abe, you remember her; I can communicate with her. I also can touch things without touching them. Kind of like extended touch. You talked about it in your lectures, and I remembered and tried it. It works”
	“Henry, I believe the extended touch is one of the most advanced traits that I speculated about. That’s the one that can get everyone in trouble. That’s also the one the government might be interested in too. Imagine someone able to touch from a distance like trigger a bomb or cause a terrible accident by pushing the wrong button on purpose? You see? When can you come up to see me? We have to try some things. Bring Abe with you.”
	“Well, we both were going to look up some smart friends of ours today, but I guess we could be there in couple hours. How about 2 p.m. by bus?”
	Abe poked him, “We can borrow my mom’s car. No use taking a bus. We can be there around 11:30 a.m.”
	“Okay, Abe said we can be there at around 11:30 a.m. How does that work?”
	“Great, see you then. Oh, are you two a serious item?”	
	Abe heard it too, then snuggled close to Henry, and they both answered together, “Yes, yes, yes.”
	“Finally, good going guys. I thought I noticed the sparks the other day. I love it when genius gets with genius. Come on down!”
	As Henry and Abe walked towards class, several students looked strangely at them, some winking, some doing the okay sign, and some putting their fingers up to their lips as a symbolic “hush” sign. They both knew what was happening. This was about Henry and Abe as a couple, then it was also about what was happening to all of the superior geeks. Everyone seemed to know that speaking about this new phenomenon wasn’t smart.

Morning News
	The news program gathered around a children’s think tank in upper Boston as families and children milled around to show people just how gifted their smart children were. 
	“Tell us, Ma’am, what can your child do?”
	“My little Bobby can levitate up off the ground, can’t you, Bobby?”	
	“Mommy, I don’t want to do that. Mommy, they will put me in a circus for this. I don’t want to go to the circus.”
	“You better do this! If you don’t, I’ll put you in a circus and shoot you out of a cannon, myself!”
	Bobby got up on a wooden box and stepped off, then fell flat to the ground. His mother picked him up and put him up on the box again, then watched him fall flat on his face this time. 
	“Interesting,” said Kabe to himself as he watched the T.V. news.  
	Kabe thought to himself, “Just not as much EvoS as they thought I guess. This is ridiculous. They think this is a game, a party trick. This is absolutely the wrong way to start evolution.”



Dark Parts
	As Barakah made his way to the well, he thought about his father who had just returned from an attack on a local Christian enclave. The Taliban still ruled this part of Afghanistan right on the Pakistan border, but they all had to be careful; careful not to gather too many together in one place; careful not to make too call too much attention to themselves even though they were to all be on the same side. Still, most here were in favor of the Taliban or just too scared to say they weren’t.
His father, Ibrahim, was the leader of this unit/camp and responsible for making Sharia Law the gospel for all of those in the village. They had no tolerance for anyone who did not believe the way that they believed. It was their duty to kill and destroy everything that stood against their Muslim religion. They still lived in perpetual fear and always in defense mode.  
Barakah tried not to think about it. He lowered the bucket into the well, then whispered to himself, “Come on up, bucket,” while pulling on the rope. 
The bucket came up, but not from him pulling on it. It hung suspended in front of him waiting for him to grab it. He stood staring at it without moving. Ibrahim came up behind him and stared at it too. 
He whispered to his son, “What did you do?” 
He still didn’t believe what he was seeing, then said, “I just said, ‘Come on up.’”
“Tell it to go back down, then,” his father asked.
“Go back down, bucket.” The bucket crashed into the well sending water cascading up in a wave over both of them.
“Tell it to come back up,” his father asked quietly.
“Come up, bucket,” he requested. The bucket came up and hung in the air in front of them. 
“Get it but don’t tell anyone about this. Some will think it is from evil. I think it is something else. Something special just like you. A gift from Allah.”
He patted his son’s head as he snatched the bucket and placed it on the ground. His father thought for a minute, then turned to his son, “Tell the bucket to float beside you.”
His son said, “Come on, bucket. Go with me.”
The bucket came off the ground and moved along side of them as they walked to their house. As they entered their home, the meeting was already started. Several village elders looked up and nodded to his father as they walked in with Barakah now carrying the bucket this time. He helped his mother pour some of it into washing pans for each of their visitors, then placed the pans in front of their visitors. 
Ibrahim was not a typical Taliban fighter. He ignored the full beard and kept his dark hair trimmed neatly as if he were a businessman in a cosmopolitan center of any Mid Eastern city. He was educated in the U.S. at Harvard getting a Masters in Economics and another in Entrepreneurship. He’d laugh to himself at how he had applied his entrepreneur skills. His business right now was defending himself and family from the Americans. He believed that he had a right of defense, especially when it came to his Muslim ways and worship. 
At first, other Muslims doubted his commitment when they saw him. He was too tall and dressed in Western clothes with slacks and button-down-collared dress shirts, then always threw on a pair of New Balance sneakers without socks. His shoulders looked too thin for his muscled arms made from carrying so much ammunition and lifting too much heavy artillery in places where he knew his surprise attacks would do the most harm. He stood out in the normal crowd of Muslims but didn’t mind. He knew his commitment, and he knew that sooner or later, the Americans would get him. He was just hanging on as long as he could, mostly for his family. Interestingly enough, he never supported suicide attacks. He treasured human life more than that. His arguments with other Muslims kept him at a distance from the more fanatical elements, but still, he was just as deadly. He specialized in more intelligent and precise attacks with fighters who fought beside each other, one-on-one with the enemy. A bushwhack always made sense to him; a surprise attack from a protected defendable place was more of his liking: deadly, precise, intelligent, well-thought-out, exacting at a terrible cost for his enemies. In his own arrogance, he thought he was a military genius of some sorts and read a lot from the strategy of Alexander the Great and Ho Chi Minh.
Barakah looked the better part of Ibrahim with the same deep set dark eyes and his natural dark-tanned skin that made him look too much of his Indian roots, a descent that was from his grandfather, which Ibrahim tried to deny and at least forget. He always felt that the Indians looked too dark as in dirty when they were not; something that Barakah had, Ibrahim not quite, but close enough. 
Ibrahim’s father was an arms dealer and introduced him to all the facets of barter-and-trade in death and its tools. Sometimes, Ibrahim wished he had not taken so much to this way of life and could just become a history teacher at an overseas university; just living the simple life, which this was not. It was even Ibrahim’s idea that schools were not to be taboo as other jihadists believed. After all, education he felt was the glue that kept his mind clear, and he wanted it for his son and other children to have the same advantage regardless of other radical Islamists. He was determined to run extremism his way as a leader and not a follower. 
Mohammed Eli, the village elder commented, “Ibrahim, you are late. You are late in your own house.”
Ibrahim answered, “I assume you were comfortable while you waited an extra five minutes. It was long enough to let me help my son at the well so you could have fresh water. I was not late. You were too early. Don’t be that early again.”
Eli laughed and pointed to Barakah, “He is the perfect likeness of you. They say he is one of the smartest kids in that village school of yours. It is said that he is so smart that he does not need to wait to give answers on math. Good for him!”
“Yes, good for him. Now, why have you visited me tonight? We don’t have a mission for another week after we all have rested and spent time with our families.”
“I have good news for you. You don’t need to worry about the drones for at least a month. The Pakistan government has closed down the strikes with an agreement with the Americans for the next month. My friends in the government sent a message to me this morning for all of us to relax. This should make you feel better. Try to live the next month as restful as possible. We should all enjoy life better.”
“Since when does the United States listen to any other government, especially the Pakistani’s. I think that I will trust in carefulness.”
Eli grimaced, and then Barakah sensed something. He heard Eli talking to himself in his mind. He turned to his father and pulled at his pant leg.
“What is it, Barakah? Leave us men to talk.”
Barakah stepped up next to his father and pointed to Eli, “He is lying. He has made a deal with the Americans to get you out in the open. I heard him say that you would never figure this out. He is lying to you.”
Ibrahim looked at Barakah, then looked at the bucket and said, “You heard him, right? I didn’t, but you did. You move buckets too? I don’t. But you do.”
Eli jumped up while sensing that something was going to happen, “This is crazy! I didn’t say anything like that! Why would I say something like that? What kind of boy is your son to say that to me? I didn’t say that!”
“Your lips didn’t move, but I believe you did say it. You thought it, and that was what my boy heard. Tell me, son. What is he thinking now?”
“He is thinking he might be able to get to his rifle leaning against that wall before you do. He is thinking he might have to kill you to get out alive.” 
Eli dived for his rifle just as Ibrahim stepped in front of him, then dragged him kicking and screaming out into the street, then threw him down. The other elder used this moment to run past both of them; and just as he reached the end of the street, he was lifted into the air, then plummeted down to the ground in a heap.
“Good, son, very good, now, tell me what he thinking, now?” he asked.
“He is screaming in his head. He is praying for Allah to save him. He is cursing the Americans for putting him up to this. He is saying the money was not worth his life!”
“Allah is not here, today. I am.” His father fired a bullet into his buttocks that knocked Mohammed down to the ground, then fired again wounding him in his leg so he couldn’t run. He gave the rifle to his son and ordered him, “Fire the last shot. Turn off his thoughts.”
Barakah refused the rifle, then ran within 20 feet of Eli. He turned to his father and said, “I will do this my way. Like before. Like the bucket.” He then turned towards Eli still moaning in his bloody pain and said, “Up high!”
Mohammed’s body lifted up over the roofs of the neighbors, then Ibrahim heard, “Come down, hard!”
His body crashed to the ground in a final gasp while Ibrahim thought he heard internal organs bursting and bones snapping. Ibrahim looked to see if anyone saw what happened, then saw a couple neighbors ducking for cover when he looked around. He and his son returned to the house, then tried to explain what happened at the well and in the street to his mom. 
“What happened with you two? I heard a little of this, but what in the world happened?” Tonsia, Ibrahim’s wife, asked fearfully. 
“Eli betrayed us to the Americans. Barakah told me his thoughts. He wanted to kill me. He sold out for money. He hung from a Judas tree, the Christians would say. He died for money.”
“What do you mean that our son can read thoughts? Are you crazy?” his wife commented almost hysterically. 
“Mom, mom, I can move things. Watch!” Barakah stated as he pointed to the pans of water on the floor, and they all watched as the pans lifted into the air. Suddenly, the pans started moving in a circle, spinning at an alarming speed, then slowed down and stayed suspended in air and slowly went back to the floor where they started without spilling a drop.
“Oh, Barakah, you did that? That was a miracle! I always knew you were a special child. This proves it. But, you said you could hear his thoughts, right?” she asked as she hugged him to herself and reached out while taking Ibrahim’s hand.
“I can. It’s like someone put an ear bud in my ear from music. It’s clear and sometimes, and I hear too many. That is difficult. I need practice to only hear what I want to hear.”
They all held to each other in thankfulness not with fear. This was truly a gift from God. Their house was truly blessed. From all the holding and hugging, Tonsia could barely be seen. She was only 5’ 5 compared to Ibrahim’s 6’ 6, and Barakah was already 5’ 7”. 
     	Tonsia had more energy than any of them. Her pettiness didn’t change a thing about her ability to keep up with them when the time came. She even went on missions with Ibrahim and helped load trucks along with the fighters, not saying a word, but being essential in every way.
“I think we can use Barakah more around the house, don’t you, Dad?”
“Now, that is a great idea. I wonder if the neighbors would hire him to help with their water buckets. I can also use him to load my ammunition trucks. I have some other ideas too.”  
	After a pause in consideration, Ibrahim said, “I wonder what others like you can do. I wonder if your new talents could be used against our enemies. Against the drones? If you are doing this, then others must have the same thing happening to them. I don’t know why it is happening, but I want us to think how best to use it. Thanks to Allah, God is Great!”

The Think Tank
	The Enabler Think Tank, as it was called, was occupied by multiple high-tech employees who designed and developed highly classified weapons for commercial as well as military use. In addition, there were some very classified projects that were getting ready to be turned over to the military for actual combat testing. The students-employees ranged from 12-years-old up to 25-five all with high IQs. 
The Enabler Missile Development Project was one of the most sophisticated projects. Technicians were developing special methods of raising missiles into firing positions with the use of digital Bluetooth commands tied to airlift launching pads rather than depending on electronics so much. After all, one short circuit on the electronics side could disable a missile launch. 
One minute, a small group was gathered around a newly designed missile launch pad, the next, they were on the ceiling looking down together at their project. Security ran in as workers fell down to the floor and shattered equipment as well as themselves.
Marvin, a young man who led the project, was stuck to the ceiling some sixty feet up as his comrades laid on their backs looking up at him. He thrashed around trying to grab something to hold on to, but to no avail. All he did was work up a sweat; and after looking at what could happen, he decided to remain still and waited for help. 
Marvin quietly asked, “Is there anyone who would mind helping me out a little bit?”
Doug, his closest assistant, kept thinking about what happened, then said to himself, “Up, go up.”
He did, he went up to just under Marvin, then grabbed his legs and pulled him down even to himself. He whispered to Marvin, “Say, down, and soft landing.”
Suddenly Doug changed his mind, “No, don’t say that. Say, soft landing, go down.”
Marvin answered, “K.”
They both came down together in an easy landing. Marvin thanked Doug but not out loud and didn’t realize what was happening until Doug answered.
“You’re welcome, Bro.”
“I didn’t say anything,” remarked Doug.
“Oh, oh, I think we were reading each other’s minds. What is happening to us?”
There was some mumbling and exclamations that were much like, “How did that happen? What is going on? Can we do that again? That scared the crap out of me? I pissed in my pants. I just threw up. Is this a drug experiment?”
Marvin got it, then he lifted slowly with his hands out to his side as if trying to stabilize himself while going back to the ceiling again. This time, he came down gently by himself just as Doug past him going up. When they were both on the floor, they did high fives and hugged each other lightly for their success. 
	John Basil, CEO, was immediately notified and before coming to the missile project site watched the video stream of what took place. He instantly knew that what happened and saw it more as an opportunity than a crisis. Slowly, one-by-one, John helped interview all of the workers in an attempt to decide what triggered this event and what they could do to control it better in the future. He was also interested in how to use this to the firm’s advantage. Everything about John was in regards to his control of technology along with future contracts and finance. In his mind, he started trying to figure out how to package and bundle his projects with the expertise of his supermen employees.   
	When reviewing the video feeds, it became obvious that as they worked together there was a point when the group had a hoist on a mock up of the main missile housing, and they let it be slowly lifted to an almost vertical position. When they were doing it, some but not all at first kept repeating, “Up, come on, up,” while others were agreeing with each other in the same way. 
	Suddenly, they were moving up along with the missile housing until they realized what was happening. When some started shouting, “Get me down!!” they came down in a clatter, a crash; some were even hospitalized. He watched very carefully what happened to Doug and Marvin.
	He heard Doug and Marvin commanding themselves to go up with balance as well as come down softly. He knew they had discovered the right technique. It was all very clear to him except the why. He separated Doug and Marvin from the rest and interviewed them about what happened. 
 	“Guys, I watched what happened but don’t know why?” he asked, then quickly stated, “but I have an idea.”
	“What?” asked Doug and Marvin together.
	“Intelligence,” answered John.
	“Intelligence?” they questioned.
	“You two are off the scale on I.Q., probably at least 140 to 150, right?”
	“Yes, Sir, that would be right,” they agreed with “yes” nods, then did some high fives between them.
	“I checked your employment files, and that is what we recorded. Not exactly off the chart but high enough.”
	Marvin defended himself, “I think 170 is pretty dang high. I’ve never met a 180 and above. Like to meet an Einstein like that!” 
	“I agree,” commented Doug, then they did more high fives while standing up this time and pulling at their pants to let them slip even more above their waists like Myrtle Urkel.
	John shook his head in an “I-can’t-believe-these-nerds look.”
	John answered, “We have a phenomenon of some kind. I did notice that young Ralph, who has an IQ of around 125, didn’t make it all the way to the ceiling like you two.”
John pulled one of his technical advisors aside who was part of the interview, then stated, “Here we are developing weapons-based technology, and we may have stumbled on the best weapon system of our century.”
	The advisor commented, “Are you saying what I think you are saying?”
	“Our geeks are weapons. If we don’t develop them for our use, someone else we don’t want to will beat us to it.”
	The advisor spoke hesitantly, “We don’t build suicide geeks, John. 
John answered again, “What if we combine their talents with our techno and sell the total projects including the geeks as a package. I don’t see anything wrong with that. Every geek has his price.”
	 “Sir, that sounds almost unethical. You really need to rethink this. You know that we have the Enabler Cloaking Project as well as the Enhancer Communication Module almost ready for testing. What could these kids do to help with those?”
	“I don’t know, yet, but I will figure it out, trust me,” laughed John.
	“I do trust you, John. You, after all, are a businessman first, right, and techno genius, second. You are trying to use your business savvy. I realize that, but please consider the rights of these geeks, please. How are you going to keep them quiet about this? You’ve seen the news feeds. There are thousands that are coming forward with their new found abilities. Although, I haven’t seen anything about anyone doing anything but a little levitating. I’ve not seen anyone doing anything near what some of these guys are doing; all the way to the ceiling. It’s almost like those kind are keeping their mouths shut.”
	“That’s the big secret. We have some of the smartest right here. There might be a lot of 125s and 130s around, but I bet this stuff is controlled by IQ; and if I’m right, then there are going to be very few who can do the real big stuff. We don’t know quite what that is yet.”
	A noise outside in the hall interrupted their meeting while they heard yelling and screaming. They all ran out and were faced with two of the smartest ones who had multiple projectiles from everything from staplers to fire extinguishers plummeting at each other while they fended them in mid air from reaching them. It was a fight over who should be in charge next time. 
	“You have no right to think you are better than me! I should be in charge! You see what I’m doing! Beat that! Creep!”
	“I’ve got you on everything! Now, get out of my head before I burn up your brain. I bet I can do that, Creepo, back!”
	John jumped in and ducked from their line of fire, “No one is going to burn anyone’s brain up. You will equally share the responsibilities of the lab projects, then I will find a project for each of you to run. Now stop this right, now!”
	Marvin and Doug ran out into the hall, then immediately the two troublemakers were slammed into a far wall by just casual thoughts from them to quit and settle down. John looked back at Marvin and Doug, shook his head, “no,” then motioned for them to go back to work with a pointing finger. The troublemakers realized what happened while ducking their heads in submission and slinked back into their project labs. 
	John thought to himself, “I have to get a handle on what’s going on before these guys wreck my labs in their turf war.”
	John followed Marvin and Doug back into the interview room, then stated simply, “Thanks. I know you did that. I was going to do the same thing myself. You know that I’m a 140 too. I think I might have helped you a little. I wonder if together we are even stronger and more able to do things than by ourselves.”
	There was only silence as all three considered the question, then John broke it, “Let’s all go back to work the old fashioned way until I can think this out a little more.”
	They nodded in agreement and went back to work, then Marvin and Doug did high fives and poked each other in their ribs in excitement. 
	
Government
	The President watched the news with amusement with his communication director beside him, “What’s going on, Conrad?”
	“We don’t quite know. Rumors are that smart kids are popping up all over the place doing that little levitating trick. Really only smart kids right now.”
	“Is that all? Just a little levitating?”
	“Well, we don’t know about everyone, just the ones that have come forward so far. It’s like a circus act out there.”
	“Is this everywhere?” asked the President carefully.
	“As far as we know, it is. With most of the European and South American reports, but nothing from the more closed countries in the Mid East or Far East.”
	“What if someone can do more than just a little levitating?”
	“We’ve been thinking about that. I have agents scouring some of the more Ivey League upper-crust schools and high-tech institutes. There is a news agency that told everyone who could do more than the little bit to shut up and keep it secret. And they are.”
	  “What more could someone possibly do?” asked the President hesitantly.  
	An army colonel came knocking at the President’s suite and heard the last question from just outside and answered, “They can move things with their minds. They also can communicate with each other like with mental telepathy.”
	The President recognized his voice, “Come in Col. George.”
	The director asked, “Where did you get that information?”
	“We have just discovered three here in Washington who came forward and talked about their abilities. They are so proud of themselves and are scheduling TV interviews with the major stations. All three of these are high-tech students are from the Washington Technical Institute. These guys are ultimate geeks, but from what I understand high IQs, maybe 130-140s.”
	“What are we going to do with this? I was afraid that we would run into something like this. If there are geniuses in the U.S., then there could be the same in the Mid East. Can you imagine what our enemies could do if they could militarize some of those?”
	“We are thinking about this already” he answered.
	“Don’t think about it, do something about it,” raised the President’s voice almost shaking.
	“I heard someone suggest we track them down and register them. Like tag them somehow. What do you think the Republicans would do with us registering our citizens like that? It would be like us rounding up the American Japanese in World War II. They’d have a hay day with freedom marches and privacy issues. They would hang us out to dry.”
	“We don’t know the extent of what they can do, yet. I don’t even believe they know what they can do. Let’s put surveillance on as many as possible: observe and report. We need to know about this stuff. Everything you got.”
	“I think we need advisors in every high school and high-tech school in the U.S. as counselors to give them support. We can even create special genius school clubs to bring them together so we can watch just what it is they can do. How about paying students to come into our testing centers?” suggested the President.
	“Col. George and Director Conrad get the school groups started. Come up with TV ads to pay enticing amounts for letting us test them. Let’s get started. I also want extra security from our spy satellites in the Mid East. If we find out that they have really exceptional and uncontrollable abilities, then we should know that we will have to do something to stop them. I will not have us destroyed by some fanatical, smart kids, whether kids or not.”
	Col. George sarcastically commented, “I don’t need anyone to be paid to test them.”
	Everyone went quiet, and Conrad shook his head “no” slightly, but he was thinking that the Colonel was really right; and if they had to, he’d just send a team to get the real smart ones if they needed to.
	“Now, now, Colonel. We just need to be smarter than that. No use starting more equal rights problems if we don’t have to. Of course, if we had to. Well, we won’t think about that right now.”
	“Yes, Sir,” answered the Colonel. He knew he had the answer he needed whether he got direct permission or not. When the time came to it, he would do what he had to do. 
	“Tell me, how many high schools are there in the United States?” asked the President.
	Conrad did a Google from his iPhone, “Two hundred and forty eight thousand not counting privates.”
	“How many higher-learning institutions including 2-year?” he asked this time.
	Conrad checked again, “Three thousand five hundred and forty four.”
	“How many attending West Point right now, all levels?” he asked while rubbing his face in consideration.
	“About 5000, Mr. President.”
	“Let’s do this. That’s not enough. I want you to contact West Point and start a college counseling program like you said. We are there to observe, right? Then, I also want to contact the Naval Academy. So, if we have 10,000 counselors, we can handle the higher academic institutions pretty well. Send counselor teams to each of the targeted educational institutions, then let’s start by sending the rest into each state to train counselors from the local National Guard to be our eyes and ears. I want those cadets to grow their hair back, drop the uniforms, and act like nurturers to help and assist. Let them observe, collect information, and let’s do some evaluations. We have to figure out what’s going on before it’s too late. I also want to pull our ex-military out of retirement and offer them jobs in this program, even if they’re over 100; I don’t care. They’ll do. Can you handle all this? In the mean time, I want you to find a noninvasive way to tag them without alarming anyone. We need to know what’s going on and who they are.”
	“Yes, Sir, I will start getting everyone in line right now. I promise we will get a handle on this, Mr. President.”
	“We can’t afford to take a chance on the power they can have over us and even the world,” answered the President.
	“That is practically ominous,” replied the colonel. 
	“Yes, ominous, that’s what I get paid to do, suggest ominous, then you get paid to predict ominous,” he laughed 
	“I will keep you informed, Mr. President,” replied the colonel as he stood to attention, saluted, did an about face, then left.

The Enemy Does Not Sleep
	“Barakah, come with me to the truck. I need to see if you can help me load.” 
	Barakah rubbed his eyes sleepily and looked at the clock at two in the morning. It was customary for missions to be started when drones did not have enough light except for heat signatures. He moved through the kitchen, grabbed a piece of bread, and caught up with his dad. Others were there trying to lift heavy ammunition crates onto a large pickup truck with a canvas top.
	Ibrahim pushed them aside and ordered, “Let my son load it for us.”
	Some laughed while pointing a finger at Barakah, and one commented, “What can a shrimp do that we fighters can barely do? We heard rumors that your son can do strange things. That is too strange.”
	Barakah felt the insult, then answered, “Something like this!” 
He made a move with his hand to the side like waving away a fly while watching the man fly through the air almost 20 feet away. The man looked shocked, then turned after getting up and ran away shouting something about the devil’s child.
	Barakah bowed his head in concentration, and three ammunition boxes weighing over 200 pounds lifted into the air, then he pushed with his hands like he was shoving them onto the truck, which they did.
	“You straighten them up. I will load them” he replied proudly and got a wink from his father. 
	The fighters ran to the truck and started arranging them for another load. The truck was loaded in less than five minutes, and the fighters kept quiet for a long time before asking Ibrahim what this was about. 
	“This is a blessing from Allah for us. Allah has given us a present, and I plan to use this present for his glory.”
	They all started shouting, “God is good! God is good!
	“I need to have the women help us with this. I want you to find as many mothers as possible to go to the other villages and see who else is like my son. Once we have a count, then I want to move to the mountains and find a very secluded place where we can train our special children to work for us. Can you imagine what would happen if a drone came flying towards us and we could push it off course; even make it go straight up out of sight? We could even control planes and recreate the 911 attacks by using these children. What a wonderful gift we have been given.”
	The men went to the local villages looking for women volunteers who could find children with new abilities. The villagers felt more comfortable confiding in the women than with the fighters. The women talked to the families about using their children’s abilities to defect drones and learn to protect all the villages from attacks from the Americans. There was a great sense of excitement about the possibilities. 
It was also not hard to spot the children following Barakah’s tricks at the well. They would spot a child getting the buckets up, then follow them to their homes to talk to their families, or spot kids playing soccer with little mind tricks while in the game.
	Ibrahim discussed his drone defensive plan with his fighters, “We know that the U.S. has recently switched to some Gnat 750 models, they now call the Gnat 1000s. It’s larger than the 750 but they are using it to do low-ground surveillance and able to fire two missiles before returning to base. We can get those 1000s with the children’s help because their approximate altitude is surveillance at 2000 feet. We can see them if we are careful.”
	Mohammed Kahelf answered everyone’s question, “Do you really think these children can do this? It seems like witchcraft to us.”
	“Really, then are you calling my boy the devil, Kahelf?” he answered pointing his finger at Kahelf’s chest and poking him with every word.
	“Oh, no, no, Ibrahim, we just aren’t sure of what this is all about. How come none of us adults can do what they do?” he asked trembling slightly almost on the verge of panic. 
	“I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know. The children are smarter than us. We are old and stupid. These children are not. It seems to be linked to the brightest children.”
	“Then, we go to the mountains and caves to hide as they practice and prepare. Maybe, it will be like a rest to us, right? Like a vacation. Just wait, right?”
	“I will keep you busy, Kahelf, don’t worry. I will keep you busy. There are enough targets nearby that we won’t be out of business. No vacation,” he laughed, then slapped Kahelf on the back in a brotherly move that helped Kahelf breathe deeply in relief that he was still alive. He would not question anything again. Not ever again.

The Valley 
	There was a deep valley in between sheer rock and a large cave that acted as protection and strategic convenience. The cave looked out directly towards the Afghan border just where drones would have to come to get to the villages and roads below, just where Americans knew the fighter Jihadists resided, some of the most rouge Taliban fighters. They would have direct sight with their own limited technology in time to use the children to try their abilities. The drones would not be concentrating on the low ground areas if they were sent to attack a convoy or a house in a nearby village. They just wouldn’t be looking, but the fighters would be; they planned to take advantage of it.
	Ibrahim’s wife, Tonsia, led the women from village to village. They approached the elders of the first village and talked to the women on the street, “We are looking for children who are showing unusual abilities like mental telepathy to help protect our villages from the Americans. Can you help us? We will be paying to train your children to help us and promise to return them to you in several months.” 
	The village women would point to friends and their children to indicate those who had shown special abilities lately, then after a brief talk, there would be a commitment when the time was right to move their children. It was interesting to see no reluctance, but the excitement of finally being able to fight back against the American technology that had so often resulted in so many rumored civilian deaths.  

West Point
	“You men and women have been chosen to monitor a recently anomaly in the higher-learning environments.”
	“Yes, Sir!” the all shouted together.
	General Gordon inspected his officers. He had over 1000’s and with the Naval Academy, they would have even more. They stood at attention in civilian clothes, then were handed their orders and to what colleges and schools they would be assigned. The general imagined their hair would be grown enough within the next three weeks to make do, just in time to finish their counseling training. After all, they were to blend. They were to establish help groups called the genius clubs to observe and report. They were looking for any who demonstrated abnormally excelled abilities; abilities that an enemy could use against them. 
	There were at least 2000 retirees gathered in the lobby waiting to be interviewed for their assignments: everyone from retired lower grades to officers all excited about doing a new but short-term of duty for the country. 
	An officer asked, “How are the men holding up?”
	“Actually, everyone is very perky about working in our program. The retirees are being assigned the genius clubs at the high schools and will be joined in the beginning with others, sometimes we hope with our own trained EvoS. The newer officers are being assigned the high-tech institutes. To tell you the truth, we are using this as a recruitment opportunity.”
	“Officer, Brian, how do you like this assignment?” asked Officer Bradley.
	“Yes, like it and all those college girls. Well, our female officers should like the guys too, except all of the nerds, right?”
	“Yeah, nerds with supposed talents. I’d love to have some of those talents. Did you hear that some may be able to move things with their minds? Can you imagine how creative I could get with that?”
	“Wow, settle down, Son. Keep your genes in your jeans extended touch ideas to yourself. If I hear any of our EvoS practicing lifting up girls dresses or pinching them on the rear, you are the first person I will come to. I’ll figure you gave them the idea, right?”
	“Not me, not me. I promise. I will be good. I will be good. Look at me. The perfect gentleman. Not a corrupt idea in my head,” he commented thinking he shouldn’t have said anything. 	
“Sure, the problem is that we don’t know what they can do.”
	“I think we are afraid of them,” commented Officer Cathy.
	“I ain’t afraid of no nerds,” spoke an old retired army sergeant who came walking up behind the others as they talked. 	 
	General Gordon walked through the ranks and asked, “How many of you officers are smart; I mean dang-gum smart?”
	There was a rumble like a wave that rippled through the cadets. As the general moved along the ranks, several cadets rolled their eyes to the right or left indicating the officer next to them, then some were brave enough to answer.
	“I am dang-gum smart, General!” offered one.
	“I am dang-gum smart, too, General! But, I’m no nerd, Sir.”
	The general snapped back, “I didn’t ask you if you were a nerd or not. I just wanted to know if you were smart.”
	The general recognized the eye-roll movements and went to the left standing next to the eye roller, “I heard you were dang-gum smart but aren’t saying. Is that right, officer?”
	“I am that smart, Sir. I’m a soldier first, Sir,” answered several other officers. 	After several more minutes, the designated smarter-than-usual officers were stepping forward into their own group. 
The general saluted them, then announced, “These men are in charge of the Genius Club Units. They will probably have skills that will help better identify who we are looking for.” 

Kabe
	Abe and Henry drove out to Kabe’s farm rather enjoying the private time together. Abe finally asked, “You saw all those people coming forward on the news. I guess we are just part of the norm, now.”
	Henry laughed, “You mean part of the abnorm, don’t you think?”
“Well, the more of us there are, the less weird we are,” she commented back.
	“There it is: the mail box with the big frog on the top. That’s funny,” said Abe.
	“That’s Kabe, his nick name was Froggy. I never could understand why? I think it was his interest in saving reptilian life on planet earth. Hey, I wonder if other animals are affected by this stuff. A really smart cow could levitate and make it easier for the farmer to milk. What a deal!”
	“Henry, stop trying to be funny. It’s not working.”
	“Hey, you’re my girl friend. You’re supposed to laugh at my jokes, and tell me I’m pretty.”
	Abe laughed, “Okay, you’re pretty.”
	“What about the jokes?”
	“Give me some more time on that one?”
	“Hey, there is Kabe. Look, he is waving for us to park in the barn.”
	As they pulled into the open door of the barn, Kabe ran to their car, “Please get out quickly. There have been some helicopters flying over my house all morning. I think someone I didn’t want has read that white paper too. Hurry!”
	In the distance, they heard the flutter of the copter wings, doing a whump, whump, whump. They made it the house just in time and moved away from the windows. Mary ran out to the front room and hugged them both. 
	“We are being watched. Guys, I think the government thinks we are some kind of EvoS terrorist. Hide in the back room, now!” 
	Henry commented as they ran to the back of the house, “Kabe, what is going on? Why should anyone care about what we can do? I read your paper but can you really believe that someone would want to spy on you for it? You were just speculating, guessing, guessing good, but guessing none the less.”
	“Okay, thanks for the pep talk. Guessing. Sure, I guess you could say that. I think they are looking for high level EvoS, and I am the sort of an EvoS guru, whether I like it or not. They probably figure that if they find me, they can locate the rest of you more easily. After all, I know all my smart students by name.”
	Henry commented, “I think it might be a good idea for all of us to hide or at least keep our heads down low if you think the government is that interested in finding us. At least, until we can figure all of this out.”

Observations
	A special task force moved into the high academic high schools as well as the high-tech institutes. A catalog of these abilities and those involved grew to the point where there were multiple abilities, and these were rated from levels from one to five. 
Level one was levitation under one foot, but it was discovered that all levels could communicate mentally with each other. 
Level two was levitation from one foot to six feet. 
Level three was six feet to fifty feet, and these were all able to move objects. 
Level four added to level three to extend touch from the mind to any object or person. 
Level five had not been identified, but unlimited levitation would certainly be part of it. 
Level ten and even Level 100s were feared to exist, but no one knew what they would be able to do. 
There was a question about tens that they would be able to extend their abilities over very long distances, not just pinching someone’s ass. So far, that was probably the most troubling question they had. 
So far, of the 500,000 affected by the new evolution: 90% were level one; 5% were level two; 4% were level three; 1% were level four; none had been found who were level five yet, but it was expected that they would. There were certainly no tens or 100s yet.  
Institutions and organizations started monitoring programs that started restrictions for EvoS that with their abilities gave them financial advantages including banks, casinos, and the stock exchange. The EvoS IDs were being used and produced for use in EvoS identification. They were special identification cards given to the EvoS with an embedded chip that had to be carried at all time identifying them and their level. It was not at all as evasive as an embedded chip, but more like on the honor system and could easily be skirted with just the least bit of technical whiz. Still, it was enough for the government to avoid being called privacy demons and enough to make them feel better at least for the time being. 

Tag Teams
	“Captain Scott, are you comfortable with coming out of retirement for this?” asked a young cadet from West Point.
	“Son, I was getting pretty bored with all of this retirement crap. I haven’t had an assignment that I could put my teeth into in over twenty years. These kids look so much like guppies to me.”
	“You and I are just two of this team. We have a young lady cadet who will be helping us. She is also an EvoS, so I’d keep your thoughts contained as much as possible. I served with her at West Point. She’s one of those dang smart ones. They say that she is such an EvoS that she can levitate up to 50 feet and move things with her mind.”
	“It’s like sleeping with the enemy,” grunted the Captain at Charles as he pushed him out of the way in a huff and made his way down the long hall towards the Genius Club meeting room.
	“Sir, Sir, they are not our enemies. They are just different. We are here to protect them as much as protect ourselves from them,” whispered Charles as he ran after the old Captain. 
	They made their way into the small classroom and sat on opposite sides of the class. The captain was not in the mood to baby sit the guppies and a woman cadet. He had always said he was glad he got out before the women were invited in. He thought that no one could count on them to do war and play war like men. He especially did not like the idea that he was going to have a pretty one, and one that was an EvoS to boot. He hated keeping his thoughts wrapped tight. She would be an invasion of his privacy. This assignment was not what he wanted. Now, he wanted to go back to boredom and being shoved around by his wife to do his honey-do projects. Not this, but he had never quit anything in his life. 
Students came dribbling in, most late, and looked very hesitant and unsure of themselves. Some knew they were smart, then some thought they were while others were just told they were. 
	Captain Scott stood in front of the students, then wrote on the chalkboard, “If I’m not your mother or dad, I don’t want to see your underwear!”
	Some of the girls moved to the back of the room, then others put a notebook over their knees and self consciously pulled at their dresses to make them cover more. 
	Then he wrote, “If you have to pull it down, it’s too short.”
	Several of the girls groaned and got up and left. Charles went up to the captain and whispered, “You are not their mom or dad. You are here to help and observe. Can you stop this military disciplinary tough guy act and just do your job?”
	Captain Scott flared up and his nostrils literally expanded while he spoke to Charles who only stood 5’ 10” against his 6’ 2”, then the captain outweighed him by about a 100 pounds, mostly stomach fat. 
	The captain pushed with a finger on Charle’s forehead and replied in anger, “I don’t know why you are here, but I’m here to protect the United States of America from EvoS terrorist that might have the capability of using their abilities against us.”
	Several of the students heard that, then ran out the door leaving only three boys and one girl who had been busy talking among themselves, not paying any attention at all. The captain wiped the chalkboard clean, picked up his briefcase, and stormed out. As he was walking out the door, he almost knocked down Alice, the female cadet from West Point. There was a groan from him, and he stormed out of the building. 
	“Hey, Little Man, was that Captain Scott?” she laughed.
	“Oh, yeah, I hope he stays gone. We lost about five after his episode,” greeted Charles as they hugged lightly.
	“Do you want to know what he was saying in his head as he came out of the class?” she asked laughing again.
	“Was it something like fracken, fricken, fracken, fracken?”
	“Close,” she answered. 
	“You look good in civilian clothes, Alice,” commented Charles. 
	“You do too, but remember I’ve seen you in gym shorts so it’s not like we were always in uniform.”
	Charles was never intimidated by Alice like others. He liked her strong ways and had to love her looks. She was almost 5’ 11” herself and weighed only a little over 120, but solid muscle. She was able to out-lift and out-work most of the men cadets. She was already a black belt before coming to West Point and made her living as an aerobics teacher. But, it was the laugh that got Charles. She would giggle about everything and had the best sense of humor, even when confronted with difficulty. She always took kindly to Charles, and he knew it. Since Charles was so small, perfect pilot size, other cadets used to push him around. Alice stepped in on several occasions and leveled the pushing playing field. It happened so fast that none of the other cadets pushing on him saw it coming. Afterward, Charles just stood in one spot and looked at the damage as the other cadets lay groaning at his feet. 
	Alice turned to him and chuckled while saying, “You seem surprised, Little Man. Maybe, I need to give you some lessons in hand-to-hand. What you think, Little Man?”
	Charles answered, “Maybe. You sure did well.”
   	They did get together and practice, but it was never needed again. There was no relationship being built except a survival friendship. He was really glad they were working together on this EvoS project. He actually didn’t seem to be threatened by the EvoS. In fact, he thought the whole idea of special abilities was fascinating to him.
	Alice commented, “You think I’m cute, don’t you?” 
	“Alice, will you stop that invasion of my mind. I won’t be safe ever again with you!” she exclaimed.
	Alice moved close to him then whispered, “I think you’re a cutie too, Little Man,” then did a wink and slugged him on the shoulder so hard he yelped.
	“Ouch, girl!” he exclaimed.
	“Oh stop being such a sissy, Little Man. Now, what shall we do with our club?” she asked.
	“Let’s start by you showing the class what you can do. Maybe that will loosen them up a little,” suggested Charles.
	“Okay, guys, I want you to know that we are here because we believe it is important to understand the changes that are taking place with a lot of smart kids, everywhere. We are here for you to talk about those changes and help you manage those changes for your own benefit. So, I’d like to say that I am an EvoS, as a man called Dr. Kabe recently tagged us. I want to show you what I can do.”
	Alice put down her briefcase on the desktop, moved some chairs out of the way, stood in the middle of what space she had made, then closed her eyes for a moment. She lifted into the air with her head almost on the ceiling. The students got up and rushed to the back of the classroom, not knowing what to do. Alice came gently down to the floor and nodded to Charles.
	Charles laughed at the surprised look on the students’ faces, then commented, “I bet you’re glad you wore underwear today?”
	Alice turned quickly, then snapped back, “Little Man, you are on the verge of being hauled to the ceiling with me and dropped if you don’t stop that,” then she laughed and pulled self consciously on her skirt, and she was glad. 
	“If you don’t mind, I’d like to know if any of you can do something like that too?” she asked. 
	A young boy with freckles all over his face and short red hair answered, “I can do a little, but I keep falling down.”
	She answered, “You need to speak to yourself in commands. A command that says, ‘lift up, balance, down, soft.’”
	“Oh, that’s easy,” he remarked, then lifted up over five feet, then came down with a clank on top of a desk, which turned over and sent him rolling against a far wall.
	“You might want to make sure you landing pad is clear before you do that again,” commented Charles.
	“No kidding,” remarked the boy, then they all laughed together. 
	“I can move small things, like pencils and even a stapler,” commented the girl. 
	Charles pointed to the stapler on the desk, then asked, “Okay, how about that one?”
	The young girl nodded, then pointed to the stapler that rose up by several feet, then moved toward her when she pointed back to herself as if giving it instructions. 
	“Bravo, bravo!” they all exclaimed.
“I can read thoughts pretty good,” commented the last boy in class. In fact, I think that Mr. Charles thinks you are really hot, and he really liked it too much when you levitated. He kept saying to himself, ‘Stop looking, stop looking, Charles.’”
“Did he now? Well, I guess I need to pay more attention to the little man from now on. I guess I need to watch it when I pick up paperclips from the floor too, right, Little Man?”
Charles burned red in embarrassment, “I may be the only person here that can’t do anything. I’m outnumbered. I need to find a way to turn off my thoughts around all of you. Whew, give me a break!”
The other kids joined in, “We read thoughts too. Yes, we do. We read thoughts too.”
“Okay, guys, all EvoS do that. That’s just the beginning of level one,” commented Alice. 
“Little Man, you were noted as about a 130 IQ, right?” asked Alice.
“Sure, but nothing like you all,” he replied nervously.
“Then try something. Speak to your mind and say, ‘White noise,’ and I will tell you what happens.”
Charles closed his eyes and said, “White noise,” to himself repeatedly. 
“Little Man, I can’t pick up anything but static. I knew you had to be a little EvoS like us. You see. So, now you’re safe. There is one problem,” warned Alice.
“What’s that?” replied Charles hesitantly. 
“I know what you really think about me now. You have to go out on a date, now. You know you have to,” Alice laughed.
Charles smiled while nodding “yes.” He thought this assignment was turning out way better than he ever expected. 
Alice turned to the students, “We are here to help you keep out of trouble, and I don’t want you to expose your abilities to anyone. I also want you to tell me if someone else has them too. They may need our help especially if they are able to do parlor tricks even better than us. This is all new territory. Help us to help all of us EvoS, will you? You will have to eventually receive ID cards with electronic chips in them that designate what level you are. You’ve heard about them. We can do that later. One step at a time, okay? Oh, yeah, I need you to tell me if you know any others who aren’t coming forward, especially if they are really good at doing stuff, okay?”
The students agreed, “Okay,” in unison and made their way together for their next class. 

Others
	At the Cambridge High Tech Institute, there was the chatter about the EvoS clubs. There was fear mixed with excitement that they were being paid attention to, maybe too much attention. It was obvious by the EvoS counselors that the events were exerting extreme stress on the students. There were even suicides that were blamed on other student harassment by other more normal students. 
	Ralph whispered to his roommate, “What do you think they will want to do with us?”
	His answered was whispered back, “If you show anything except a little levitation, you will probably be shipped off to some lab and become a lab rat for some weirdo normals.”
	“Ralph,” came a quiet call outside his door. “It’s Susie, let me in, guys. I think they just took Emily off in a van. Look outside your window.”
	Ralph dashed to the door, opened it, then ran to the window just in time to see Emily being escorted by two soldiers into a van, then he noticed the gag around her mouth. She struggled against their strong arming, then she looked up to see Ralph looking out the window at her. She shook her head “no,” and purposely levitated above their heads in an attempt to get away but was brought down with a quick taser. They threw her into the open van like a rag doll. Just as they closed the door, Ralph saw a medic injecting her in the neck with a hypodermic of something, then she went limp. They sped off without even looking back. They were in control and knew it.
	“Oh my, gosh! She was kidnapped by those guys. She was the one that could really be a level five. She even talked to the counselor about levitating over a hundred feet in the air and being able to move in lateral directions at accelerated speeds. That’s what put her in danger. Spread the word not to admit if anyone can do that. Just tell them we can barely go an inch off the floor or nothing. Keep quiet.”
	They gathered together and cried into each other’s arms, then they got on the Internet and started sending out warnings. As they did, they found others saying the same things from other colleges. It was as if this was a coordinated effort to keep the more advanced EvoS under control. They also saw a notice to come to Arizona where someone was offering protection for any EvoS who needed it, then their Internet crashed. They knew who had done that. 
	“Arizona, the Indian Reservation, Lake Elbow, like the message said?” he asked.
	“Yes, yes, yes, they all answered together.” 
	They went to all the EvoS dorm rooms and told them what happened. That very night a small group gathered and piled into an old station wagon and headed to Arizona. There was a sense of adventure as well as fear mixed together, but it was a matter of survival.
	“I checked on the dorm after we took Emily out,” replied the officer.
	“And,” replied corporate liaison.
	“And, a group of five EvoS are gone. We closed down their Internet where they were warning others about us, then we saw a blurb about Arizona, and we shut it off. We should have stayed on long enough to capture the URL about Arizona. I’m sure a good search will get it back.”
	“Gone, gone, all of them!” screamed the director. 
	“Gone, not a single one left behind. Those five were about all we had. Well, there may be others, but they were barely EvoS at all. Probably, just pretending. Those five aren’t. They took their computers, their text books, and ran like rabbits. Gone!”
	The director shrugged his shoulders, “Well, we didn’t want the others anyway. We wanted that level four-five, right? I’m not worried about Arizona. That’s for a later time. Are you sure she was above a level four?”
	“Yes, she was above a four. She could be a new five. She didn’t start out that way. She talked about unlimited levitation and the ability to move in all directions at an accelerated speed. We have no idea how fast, except from her words, ‘fast.’”
	“That’s exactly what we were afraid of. The fours are evolving. That’s exactly it. We need to consider bringing in all the level fours. We can’t take a chance.”
	“What about Arizona?” he asked.
	“What about it? I told you it was not important, now. We don’t care what they do in Arizona. As far as we are concerned, we at least know where they are if we want to get our hands on them. Let them gather. It rather helps right now.”


Negotiations
“I have some EvoS to let you have for a price with contracts along with the project. Are you interested?” John asked. 
	“Sir, we are interested,” stated the officer. 
	“Great! I have five that I believe are level fours. They have been working for me for the last two years. They are willing to work for you if you can pay the price and buy out their contract with me.”
	“Sir, we aren’t interested in their contracts. We aren’t even interested in paying you anything for them, but we are interested in your technology just like we have spoken about before. You have been picked to provide the cloaking project and your new communication module. Your EvoS should come with it just like any techs come with any project. You’re trying too hard to negotiate for your EvoS. I believe your thinking is a little off. You are not in a strong position, here. Give us your technology as promised. We are picking up EvoS fours and fives all over the Nation and doing our own testing. Do this, or we will cancel your contracts, and you will really lose.”
	“You have to be kidding! Do you really believe that you can just do whatever you want like that? You have to be kidding. This isn’t the American way. This is ridiculous!”
	“Yes, we believe we can take whatever we need to for the benefit of the country. You need to decide on whose side you feel you are on: ours, your country, or just yourself. Right now, I believe I know the answer to that. You are one greedy little weasel, aren’t you.”
	John knew that the officer was right; he was one greedy little weasel. He wasn’t necessarily ashamed of that, but he had second guessed the needs of quality EvoS. It looks like the government was already finding plenty of them and didn’t need his. He agreed reluctantly that his techs were part of the package, and he would deliver the projects with them to install and monitor the results. 
“Okay, business as usual, Sir. I will fulfill my contracts as promised. I can deliver the projects for field testing within two weeks. My techs will be there to assist as usual. I just want to make sure my EvoS are returned to me intact when the project is in full swing.”
“Now, that is what I’m talking about. John, we have more than enough EvoS in secure locations doing testing. We don’t need to have any of yours. It’s interesting to us that many of the Level Fours are improving their skills and may become Level Fives in the future. Also, we have discovered that they more they stay around others like them that they also continue to improve their abilities. Just thought you’d like to know that.”
	“That’s interesting. Hmmm. Well, maybe I’ll let my Level Twos and Threes hang out with my upper levels more. Thanks for the tip. I have to ask. Have there been any insights about other groups who might be developing EvoS terrorist?”
	“John, John, don’t you think that we have thinking about that. It’s not the fours or the fives that we are concerned with. It’s the level 10’s to 100s.”
	“Oh, my Lord! One hundreds? Oh, my Lord! What could they not do?” John asked shuddering at the thought.
	“You tell me. We haven’t found any yet, but we do believe we will. Just pray they are working for our side, right?”
	“I was thinking too small. I was thinking about Level 10s, but Level 100s. Man oh man. That is scary. It would have to take intelligence that would be 200 to 300 off-the-scale for one of those.”
	“We believe that is right. That is why the educational monitoring is being done with the Genius Club Programs. We have our eyes peeled.”
	“I’d like to have one of those around too.”
	“There you go, again, just thinking of yourself again.”
	“Yeah, yeah, yeah. Have a great life, Sport.”
	“Back at you, Weasel,” the officer laughed and hung up.
 
Kabe
	“They’re gone. They do a sweep about every hour. I sensed that they are spying on me long before I even saw the helicopters. So, let’s do some testing and get you back home.”
	“Kabe, I’m not a laboratory rat,” commented Henry.
	“I’m sorry. Just let me see what you can do and make suggestions, okay? Let’s go outside, no needles, just observations, okay?” 
	“Yes,” commented Abe, “he will do it. I want to see what he can do too. You better not be better than me, Henry. You won’t get any more hugs from me if you do.”
	They all laughed as they made their way out to the open field by the barn. Kabe took out his camera and asked Henry, “Show me what you can do so far, then I want to challenge you to something else.”
	Henry shrugged, went out to the middle of the field and closed his eyes, “Up with balance.”
	Henry felt that he was going up too fast and opened his eyes, then to his shock he was over 100 feet in the air. He panicked and floundered just a little while starting to fall, then shouted, “Down, soft, balance!”
	His descent slowed down, and he came down softly in front of Abe and Kabe. “Whew!” he exclaimed. 
	“Amazing, just amazing!” shouted Kabe.
	“You rat, no hugs for you, Boyfriend!”
	“Now Abe, you do it, but keep your eyes closed like he did so you don’t panic. Just before you open your eyes, think move to the right and command yourself to move fast. Got it?”
	“I’m scared. I want Henry to go with me!” she exclaimed. 
	Henry comforted, “We will work together, Kabe. In fact, we can say things together so we are agreeing. It might make us even better.”
	Henry and Abe held on to each other face-to-face. Then Henry said, “One, two, three, ‘Up high with balance.”
	The two went up to almost 500 feet, then Henry said, “Keep eyes closed, say move to right, with balance fast now,”
	They repeated the command together and opened their eyes as they moved to the right together at over 60 mph feeling the rush of air around them like they just stuck their heads out of a window of a moving car. It was accelerating, then they sucked in deeply, “Together, back to Kabe, balance and soft.” Together they said it, and together they moved towards Kabe, then softly landed directly in front of him.
	Both Henry and Abe jumped around excitedly while Kabe fell to the ground shouting, “Bravo! Bravo!”
	“You guys are unbelievable! Now, move something, Henry.”
	“Henry took a chance. He looked at the goat grazing at the other end of the field and moved him directly in front of them all. The goat didn’t even notice while still chewing on his grass.
	“Wow, how can this be!” remarked Kabe. “Okay, now,” he suggested, “Tell me what I’m thinking.”
	“You are thinking that the government would like to get their hands on us; that we are in danger; that we need to go home and hide our abilities.”
	“Yes, absolutely! There is no telling just how much you really could do with more practice.”
	“Henry, I’m scared about them finding out. Where would we hide if they found out?”
	Kabe answered, “That’s easy. Arizona. I have a friend who has been sending out messages everywhere for EvoS to come to Arizona. The government probably already knows about it. I bet they plan on tagging you all beyond that ID, but those who go to this place in Arizona will be able to have support and keep that from happening, at least for a little while. I’m sure the government doesn’t mind it since they know exactly where to go to find you all. I think it might be safer right now.” 
 	Abe made a call home, “Mom, I think I might be getting into trouble.”
	“No, not that! Let me tell you. I think I’m an EvoS and so is Henry. We want to go to Arizona and join up with others like us. I’m sorry about taking your car. Please tell me that you will help us, please” she cried as she talked.
	“I know what you are, just like me. I know but don’t admit what you are. Don’t show your hand. Get out of town. I’ve seen those Arizona advertisements, but so has the government. Maybe, together, you can do something to protect each other. If you don’t get out of town, they will start tagging you like animals. I think the ID deal is just the beginning. Please, take the car and get out! I will put money in your account that should handle anything you need. I love you. Go, go now! Oh, by the way. I saw that article on levels. What level are you guys?”
	“Mom, I think we are off-the-scale. I don’t even know if there is a level for us yet. Oh, Mom, I love you so much. What can you do?” she asked inquisitively.
	“Oh, a little bit of everything, but I can always drink a beer and go to bed to get over it. You just get away and keep your head down low. They’d love to get their hands on anything over a level four. They are scared to death of you guys, don’t you know?”
	“Your mom is really giving us her car?” asked Henry.
	“Sure, what are Moms for, anyway? I can’t believe she is affected by this stuff. I guess it is because she was only 17 when I was born and so dang smart.”
	Henry stood still for a moment and looked over at Kabe, then asked, “I wonder what would happen if a lot of us joined together as one and did something kinda’ like we did earlier?”
	Kabe was moving his hand out for a final goodbye shake when he stopped, then replied, “Oh, my gosh! I wrote about that. You two could be moving at a hundred mph, and maybe even move things miles away. Can you imagine what can happen? Can you imagine what you two could do if you concentrated on a particular task together?”
	Henry said sadly, “I’m sure the government has thought about that. We could be a real threat if we wanted to be. Arizona could turn into a tidal wave if they got their act together.”
	“Like what?” asked Kabe.
	“Oh, move a building off its foundation in the Mid East somewhere. Bring it down to the ground if we wanted.”
	Kabe gasped, “What if those in the Mid East have thought about the same thing. Is it possible that one group could stop another group from executing something terrible or make it worse?”
	“I don’t know,” replied Henry.
	“I don’t know, either,” whispered Abe.
	Kabe finished his handshake, then commented, “I guess you will be finding out very soon. Get to Arizona. I have printed the Website page with instructions how to get there. Don’t get caught. Don’t let on. Just get there. I bet the observation-only government drones are all over that area watching everything.”
	“I understand, but I bet the government really likes Arizona so they can just keep tabs on us. It makes me feel like a criminal,” replied Henry quietly almost depressingly. 
	“Come on, Marvin,” commanded Abe like the depressed robot in Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy. “We got places to go and people to see.”
	“I’m also not an Egor; I’m just speculating; that’s all,” commented Henry.
	“Good, just don’t be so down about it. This is like an adventure and looks who is your company, right, Cute Guy?”
	Henry smiled and winked at Kabe who winked back, then Kabe replied, “She has a point.”
	They were ready and drove away just as another helicopter came flying over the tree tops while Kabe ran for the house to keep out of sight. 
	Henry sat quietly while Abe drove back towards home. He looked for all general purposes to be a little depressed, but Abe wasn’t at all. She talked the whole time. She rattled on about the road, the weather, the scenery, almost as if a switch had been turned on where her month and brain were somehow saying everything that came into it in continuous streaming. She looked at Henry while smiling in-between a slight pause. He stared at her and retreated quickly into his head preferring his white noise. His private cave was more along the lines of how his life might be if he just shut up and never mentioned any of this to anyone again. He didn’t want this much drama, adventure; it was a little too much for his hermit-type person to process right now.
	Abe asked, “Where are you, Big Guy?” 
	“Oh, nowhere. Just nowhere. Just a place without as much drama and adventure as we are considering.”
	“I’m excited. I’ve always dreamed about running away from home even though I had no reason to. You know, do something totally spontaneous, right?”
	“No, I don’t know. I’ve never ever thought about that before. Being too spontaneous seemed a little risky to me. I’d rather play it safe. That means keeping my mouth shut and going back to school like nothing ever happened. Yes, hiding if that’s what you want to call it.”
	“Henry!” shouted Abe as she swerved off the side of the road to a screeching stop. “You have to be kidding me! We are special and different, and this is all new and exciting! We can’t hide!”
	Henry looked at her very calmly, then quietly replied, “Yes, hiding if you want to call it that. Normal, not abnormal. Safe, no risk. No rocking the boat. No skating on thin ice. Just very boring and practical. Not a word to anyone. Just watch and see what happens.”
	Abe was stunned. She had never ever heard Henry talking this way before. She was aware that he was a solitary person, but she did not understand how deep those rivers ran. Henry was an absolute isolationist in the truest form. He was right out of Walden’s Pond on the rector scale. 
	“I never realized, Henry. I’m sorry. This all must be very scary for you, right?” she quietly replied while patting his hand tenderly.
	“Yes,” he replied with his lips trembling with deep scary emotion. “You have no idea how scary this all is. I want to go home and wait. I don’t want an adventure. I want to be a normal, not an abnormal. I’ve been an abnormal because of my intellect my whole life. I don’t want to make normality any worse than what it is.”
	Abe knew that he was speaking from the heart, she answered very carefully, “If you want normal, we will be normal together. If you want safe, we will both be safe together. If you want boring, I’m in boring with you. When you change your mind, I’m there with you too. No questions asked. The two of us. Together. No matter.”
	Abe pulled out onto the road and moved quietly towards home. Henry was more important to her than any adventure. She had waited this long for an adventure, and she could just wait a little longer. Henry smiled, then with his mind extended himself to a kiss on her cheek, then she did the same to him. Her abilities seemed more intense around Henry. She couldn’t do that before. They both smiled contentedly. 
	As they drove up to her home, her mother came running out to meet them. “I could feel you were near. I think I picked up on some of your thoughts. You two aren’t going to Arizona, are you?”
	Abe hugged her mom, then answered, “Not now, Mom. We are going to keep our heads down low and be as normal as possible for as long as we can, right, Henry?” 
	Henry came around to meet them both in a slight hug, then answered, “As long as we can, as normal as we can.”
	Her mom commented, “Well, with all the news going around about EvoS, as they are called, that might not be a bad idea. There is news that the government is getting into the act and is already observing at the universities. There are rumors that some government types are rounding up higher levels. They are talking about tagging EvoS in some kind of sophisticated marking system beyond just the identification cards just like I said earlier. I guess you didn’t know, but the news just announced that they arrested Kabe just minutes ago and were trying to force him to release all his records that included his lists of all his brightest students. I bet you guys are on that list so I guess you better be practicing your normal as much as possible.”
	Abe was in shock, “Kabe. Oh my gosh! He said they were watching him. He was scared to death of those helicopters. We saw a couple ourselves, but I don’t think they spotted us.”
	“Kabe was the one who wanted us to run to Arizona like the Website was announcing. He said that he thought that the government wouldn’t mind it since they would know how to get their hands on us when they needed. He was concerned about the power of our joint abilities. I am too. Abe is already getting better at things the more she is around me. Together, I think we are a bigger threat than anyone could ever imagine. It wouldn’t take the government that long to figure that out. Not exactly rocket science.”
	Her mom asked, “Why couldn’t I read your thoughts like I could Abe’s?”
	“White noise” replied Abe and Henry together.
	“Oh, so think white noise blocks it. Hey, thanks. Let me know if you two have any more tips. You guys must have had it turned off a little on your way. Your dad came over this afternoon looking for you. I think he’s concerned just like I am. You might want to get with him and tell him what you decided to do. That should make him feel better. Since you are EvoS, then it is in your genetics somewhere, Mom or Dad.”
	“Let’s go talk to your family, Henry. We have to have a way to keep us in normality even it is like running against the wind.” 
	Henry’s dad answered the phone, “Henry, are you okay?”
	“Coming over with Abe to talk a little. You going to be around?” he asked.
	“Sure, been concerned about you. I heard about Froggy. That’s too bad. Come on over guys.”
	As Abe and Henry walked down the sidewalk, they crossed paths with some campus friends. They all nodded at each other, then a classmate of Henry’s turned and asked, “Are you an EvoS, Henry?”
	Abe jumped into the conversation, “I heard about those guys. No, how about you, Bob?” 
	“I ain’t no danged EvoS weirdo. That’s for those really smart people. I guess you two aren’t smart enough like you thought. You see, not smart enough,” he replied sarcastically in a harassing manner.
	Henry answered, “Yeah, aren’t we the lucky ones.”
    	“You better tell your smarty friends that we’re going to find them and turn them in. I bet they start giving rewards for finding them guys.”
	Abe commented as she turned to keep walking, “Wouldn’t that be nice. Good luck with that.”
	Henry and Abe heard Bob’s thoughts as the same time, “They’re EvoS. They’re hiding. I’m going to keep my eye on them.”
	As they walked away, Abe whispered, “I was afraid of that. Witch hunts. There will be all sorts of people snooping around. They will try everything to make an EvoS show themselves. I think I’ll just go home, go to my room, and shut the door. There is a lot of sense about what you are talking about, being normal.”
	“White noise turned on all the time. I mean all the time,” he spoke while turning off his white noise to speak to her mind.
	“I’ll miss not hearing you tonight. I guess you can’t reach out to me, either. I will really miss that.”
	“Gosh, I forgot about that,” answered Henry jokingly.
	“You better not forget about that,” she replied and punched him in the ribs with her fingers. He poked her back with his mind, then swatted her butt hearing her yelp in surprise.
	“You are getting way too good at that. You better watch it. You have no idea who’s watching.”
	“Then, don’t let on, girl. You squealed like a puppy.”
	“I didn’t say I didn’t like it. I just said to be careful. Now, do it again, and I promise not to squeal.”
	Henry pulled on her jean pant loops and pulled her close to him without even touching her, then turned to kiss her lightly on her lips. 
	“Oh, Henry. You are getting so good at everything,” then rested her head against his shoulder.
	“Dad. It’s the kids again. Look at those lovely dovies. I just love it,” Henry’s mom exclaimed as his father looked out the kitchen window, then noticed Abe skip a little when Henry poked at her ribs in another mind tickle.
	“He really needs to watch what he does in public; but of course, our hedges I guess are stopping too many peering eyes. Did Little Johnny ever say anything about what happened on the trampoline the other day?”
	“I don’t think he ever realized what happened. I never told a soul, either. I don’t think it is a good idea to say anything to anyone right now.”
	“Hey kids, you guys okay?” asked his dad as they both walked in.
	“Are we?” asked Abe to Henry’s mind after motioning for him to turn off the white noise with a turn-off-the-switch movement just in case it was on. 
	“Are we? What kind of question is that? Do I sense a little uncertainty?” replied his dad.
	“You’re EvoS too?” Henry exclaimed.
	“Well, your abilities came from somewhere. You know my IQ is off the chart too. In my day, about all we were able to do is a little close-up mind talk, we call it, then about six-to-twelve inches off the floor. Not enough to call much attention too. Not like what is happening now. So sit down and let’s talk about what you guys want to do or not do.”
	“We want to be normal,” answered Abe like it was her idea with Henry nodding in agreement.
	“Well, I’m for that,” answered his mom.
	“It is not going to be as easy as it has been for us forerunners. We were just a good magic act. You guys, you EvoS, are the real thing; a next big step in evolution. My group was always eager to see what would be next. So, tell me what you can do?”
	Abe became excited while Henry was again reluctant to talk about it. Abe said, “Together, we moved over the tree tops and could move around in all directions, then come back to a soft landing by agreeing what we want to do. I don’t know if we could do it on our own, but together we could. He heard thoughts like you said, then Henry is great of mind extensions touching things without touching them.”
	Henry’s mom groaned, “Uh Oh.”
	Abe answered, “Don’t worry. Henry has been an absolute gentleman even if he didn’t want to.”
	Henry laughed, “Yes, even if I didn’t want.”
	“What else?” asked his dad.
	Henry answered this time, “I can cause things to move and accidently blew up some glass beakers the other day without trying.”
	“I’d be trying to figure out how you did that. I’d hate for the wrong people to figure it out, but I’m sure they will, given time.”
	Abe asked, “Ma’am, Sir, do you have any tips you can give us?”
	His dad answered truthfully, “Keep a low profile. Go to class, come home. Avoid crowds. Don’t share anything with anyone, absolutely no one. I have a group of us forerunners that can help you if you get a little too much attention. Some of us had to do that ourselves years ago, so we understand what needs to be done. We even created some technology that will help other EvoS from getting into your heads without you knowing it. The government will be smart enough to hire other EvoS to track you down when they need to.”
	“We use white noise,” commented Henry.
	“Well, how many normals have white noise? That could be a big giveaway to another EvoS. I’ll get you some mind guards that a friend of mine developed almost 20 years ago. Mom, get some from the box, will you?”
	His mom went to the silverware box pulled it out, then under the silverware tray were about ten pair of geeky looking glasses, real retro looks.
	Abe responded first, “Ewww, uglyyyyy.”
	His dad laughed, then said, “No safetyyyyyy.”
	“Safety, you sound like Henry now. Not a risky bone in his body, right Henry?”
	“I see, so you don’t seem to want to be as normal as Henry, but you are doing it for him, right? True love. Who can fault it?”
	Abe jumped like she had been shocked, “I didn’t say anything about love. I mean, we never talked about that.”
	“Whoops, my bad. I stuck my foot in my mouth that time. Okay, well, it was a very, very friendly nice thing for you to do to help Henry stay normal by staying that way with him.”
	His dad winked at Henry, then noticed his mom rolling her eyes up in an “I-give-up, movement.”
	“Try them,” asked his dad.
	They were all different colors but very dark heavy frames; the weight was alarming. As they put them on, they felt like they were seeing a wall around their heads. They couldn’t read anything from anyone and vice versa. 
	“Jeeez! These things way a ton, what are they made of?”
	“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you. They are a new material that came from a friend of mine who worked at a Colorado mine. He found pieces of this stuff lying around and discarded, but he noticed that when he took a sample home that his radio wouldn’t work anymore. It interferes with everything. He believes it is ore from a meteorite of some kind. He was able to make only ten pair before running out. These are the last ones around.”
	“I guess we are ready to be part of an old rock band, now,” laughed Henry. “Hey, I can’t even extend myself now. I am blocked. This stuff is unbelievable!”
	“Try to levitate,” asked his dad.
	Henry squinted his eyes and tried while nothing happened. “I am totally shut down. This is perfect unless someone knocks my glasses off.”
	“That’s why I want each of you to take extra pairs. We’ll keep the others as spares for your friends if someone needs them. Our abilities were so weak that we won’t come up on any radar, anyway. Nothing like you guys have. Our talents kept growing less the older we got.”
Charles and Alice
	“Alice, I have been hearing about students that are above average with their EvoS talents disappearing and being transferred into testing centers. What in the heck are we doing?”
	“I was afraid of that. One of my best EvoS just didn’t show up for our meeting a couple of days ago. I went to administration to ask about her. No one would tell me a thing. It is so strange. It makes you think, doesn’t it?” she responded.
	“What could we possibly do to test someone than just asking them to do something? What could we possibly mean by testing? If they would just ask me, I would tell them what they can do,” answered Charles.
	“You don’t think they are hurting anyone, do you?” asked Alice. 
	Suddenly, Alice noticed some very corporate-looking suits signing in at administration. She knew they were government. She ducked into a classroom while pulling Charles after her, then watched them move through the halls toward a down-the-hall science lab. Shortly after that, they came out with a young man between them walking slowly out the front doors. Alice ran to the front doors as they closed while watching them load one of her brightest EvoS into an unmarked van. 
	Charles walked up behind her while putting his hand on her shoulder asking, “Testing?”
	Alice shook with the idea, “I’m afraid so. What are we going to do? This is not right,” she replied shaking with the thought. 
	“We need to make a call to West Point about this. I bet they don’t know,” suggested Charles.
	“Yes, but after we do, let’s notify Washington that we are going to spread the word about this to the public if they don’t stop. We have to stop this,” sobbed Alice into Charle’s arms. 
	Several teachers passed by and almost snarled at them thinking they were responsible for what was happening. Alice felt their anger. After all, these were just kids. As far as the teachers were concerned, Alice and Charles were spies.
	Alice and Charles looked at each other, then Alice commented, “I quit. I’m out of here. I’m going back to West Point to tell them face-to-face what’s happening. This has got to stop!”
	Charles looked her square in the face, “You know I’m with you. I also want you to know that I’m with you for a lot of different reasons than this crisis. I’m with you, no matter. Do you understand?”
	Alice grabbed him, held him, and kissed him hard after they moved into an empty classroom. She commented, “I knew you felt that way. I do too. We’ll do this together. I don’t want us to do anything except together. Do you understand?”


Wrong People
	“My son is not a devil! He is what the West is calling an EvoS. He has the power of his mind. He is a weapon given to us from Allah. You know that we are gathering others like him.”
	Mohammed Nur commented on the phone, “I agree, but there are more than just your son. Allah has given us hundreds like him. I know you have been gathering them as fast as possible so the superstitious will not harm them. We must protect them even from themselves. They will have all of our protection, especially in your Ghazal Valley. We all will make an army like them and destroy the Americans where they sit.”
	Ibrahim commented coldly, “Yes, you must come to our valley to help us. Come on horseback, not in a vehicle. Drones look for vehicles, not horses. We will be there. I have had to use horseback for ammunition loads lately too.”
	“Praise to Allah, great is our God!” shouted Nur.
     “Tell me, have you been able to push the drones off track with your own, yet?” asked Nur.
“Yes, I have Barakah helping in training them right now. They are working together and have already pushed a drone right up into the sky in the last two weeks with only a handful of our kids. I bet the Americans don’t even know what happened. Got to love it!”


Barakah
Barakah was pulled forward by Ibrahim in front of a group of fifteen children from the ages of six to sixteen. Some knew why they were here, but others stood mystified and even a little scared by it all. After all, they had just been playing together in a near soccer field when the soccer ball went flying directly into the net. Each one looked at each other wondering what happened. It was almost humorous; when without notice, their ball flew towards the other end of the field without anyone touching it. Soon, the teams squared off staring at each other and at the ball while knowing they were using their minds to move the ball. They knew this is why they were here. In fact, there were enough EvoS among the players that they found out they could have a game using their special abilities. 
	Of course, there was Barakah. He was only told to teach them about working together. The group knew well enough not to laugh as this young boy talked to them about working together. 
	“My father, Ibrahim, wants us to work together. We all know that we are different. We can do things with our minds and thoughts. We have heard from the others that you have been doing things like that.”
	A teenager seemed insulted by working with the younger Barakah, “Why should we work with this little kid?”
	“Falah, you are insulting!” rebuked Ibrahim. “If I say you work with my son, then you will work with my son.”
	Barakah answered, “I know I am just a boy, but I also know that together we can push the drones off course for the glory of Allah.”
	There was still a period of silence while Ibrahim and Barakah stared at the group until there was a nod of agreement among the kids. One by one, the kids answered, then together, “Yes, yes, yes, the drones, kill the Americans, the glory of Allah!”
	“Ibrahim, a drone was just spotted flying low over the East Mountain ridge. We must try to stop this one. Let your kids try. This is good, isn’t it?” yelled Hidayeh.
	“Son, children, gather together. You must gather together. You must join together and look up to where the drone is coming like before. You must think to push it up! You must do this together! There is no time, no time! Together! Together!”
	Minutes later, Barakah and the children joined hands and looked up from where the drone was coming as Hidayeh pointed to the Eastern sky. 
	“There!” he shouted.
	A gray shape appeared far into the distant skies just below the cloud line. The children said together without verbal instruction but from thoughts from Barakah, “Go up! Go up! Go up!”
	The drone veered straight up. It moved from 1000 feet to 5000, then to 10,000, then 20,000 while shooting up so high that the engineers at a near Afghan base stood and stared in shock. 
They asked together, “What happened? How could this happen?”
“Captain, this drone just took a leap straight up into the atmosphere. Right above Ghazal Valley. It’s completely out of control. We have no idea what’s going on. It’s like someone has a big hand and flipped it like flipping a flea from a dog. It’s too strange, but this happened once before just like that in the last couple of weeks, but only a little. Nothing like this. We just thought it malfunctioned. Nothing as drastic as this one. ”
The captain sat down hard in a close-by chair and rubbed his face in his hands, “EvoS,” he whispered. 
The drone controller answered back, “I thought so. I wanted to mention it when the last one happened, but they only went off a little, but not straight up like that one. This one was different. Bigger fingers flipping the flea this time.”
The captain answered quietly, “No, a lot of fingers coming together to flip the flea. I need to notify Washington about this. The enemy is learning their capabilities and starting to use them. This is not good.”
“Sir, we could do the same things to them if we wanted, couldn’t we?” asked the controller.
“Actually, that would be the only way I know to stop this. EvoS against EvoS. They get a thousand level fives, then we get 2,000.”
“Sir, why don’t we just find a few less of a higher level, even 100s if they are out there?” answered the controller.
“I know math, Son, and we are already thinking about that. The problem is finding those upper levels. They seem to be smart enough to keep their heads down low. Hard to find so far. That’s the reason we’ve been gathering some of those higher levels for testing at our protected sites. They are not very cooperative especially when we basically kidnapped them against their will. That’s a whole other set of problems.”

Presidential Influence 
The President asked, “Tell me about our progress with the tagging of the EvoS?”
	“We have not started tagging yet but will soon. We have been using ID cards with digital chips first. There hasn’t been any resistance to the IDs. You already know about the big gathering of EvoS in Arizona. We have observation drones watching them right now. We haven’t been able to extract any information from Kabe, even with one of our own EvoS. He may be a form of an EvoS himself. This stuff had to start somewhere. He keeps giving us this white noise. Good trick, but sooner or later he will let his guard down.”
	“Continue to convince him to join us. We have to have something he wants. Something has to be important to him.”
	“We have some video feed of some kids that visited him before we took him in, but everything was blurry. They are important to him, we believe. There might be a reason why these kids are important to him other than friendship. We suspect that he is protecting them because they really are off-the-chart, maybe up level tens or more. He just won’t say, not a word. We also think that he may be a good enough EvoS that he knew we were watching way before the copters buzzed him.”
	“He has to want something. Convince him that he can be more help to them from the inside than fighting us from the outside. He can be there to protect their rights. Make him think that he can be the one who can make a difference. We will know he can’t. Make him believe.” 

On the Way to Arizona	
	Ralph looked around at his friends as they pressed together in extreme discomfort, but mixed with the discomfort was an atmosphere of adventure.
	Bonnie in the front seat asked, “Are we there yet, Brother Ralph?”
	“Oh, now I’m Brother Ralph when earlier you wouldn’t give me the time of day. How nice,” he remarked knowing she was an exceptionally attractive geek, not typical, and previous to this a little snooty. 
	“Yes, but you are my hero, now. You got us going to the EvoS fortress. We will be protected, right?” she asked while patting his shoulder in reassurance. He felt he was being played but didn’t mind it, not from her. 
	“Oh, sure. I got this place in Arizona off the Web, then I got these government types trying to catch us. So, we go to Arizona and hope it works.”
	Kelly sat quietly between Edgar and Thomas in the back seat. She was plump and not altogether attractive. Still, this was the best trip of her life. She was never noticed in High School, and this was made worse in college. Being fat and smart was not exactly the best ingredient for dates as well as campus success. 
	Kelly quietly and dreamily stated, “Well, we at least are together. Isn’t that nice?”
	Ralph caught on, “Kelly, will you stop drooling at your backseat buddies. We are together because we have to be. We all are here out of necessity. I much rather been in my dorm room playing on my 360 by myself.”
	Bonnie asked, “What can you do, Ralph?”
	“What do you mean? What can I do?” he asked.
	“What can you do? Levitate? Read minds? Come on, what can you do?”
	“A little of both, I guess?” he answered.
	Kelly joined in, “Me too.”
	Edgar and Thomas answered the same at the same time, “Us too.”
	Ralph asked, “Anything else. Can anyone do anything else?”
	Thomas answered, “I can move things.”
	Edgar followed by, “I can touch things with my mind. Is that important?”
	Ralph answered confidently, “It’s all important. Every single thing we do is important. We are the new mankind” he answered proudly, then snapped his fingers like he remembered something. 
“I have a number to call to those in Arizona. Let’s stop, eat, and make that call,” while seeing Kelly smiling broadly at the mention of food. 
	Kelly responded, “Yes, let’s eat!”
	The car pulled into a Burger King off the Kansas turnpike. Ralph still had his iPhone and called the number to the Arizona community. 
	“This is Ralph. I’m with other EvoS on my way to your community. Can you really help us?” he asked cautiously.
	“Yes, this is Dr. Colbert. There are thousands of us here, now. You must remember that together you are stronger and better than you are by yourselves. Remember that. You have far more capabilities than you would ever imagine. Don’t call us anymore until you get into the town of Holbrook outside the Indian Reservation. We will come out to meet you and escort you into our facility.”
	As Ralph came back to the table, he noticed some unwelcome interest from a couple of waitresses. He thought, “They must have heard me talking. I need to do a better job of keeping my voice down next time.”
	Another waitress came over with large black framed glasses and looked so much like a nerd that Ralph almost asked her if she was an EvoS. She just looked the part whether she wanted to or not.
	“I’m Sally. I heard some of the things you said. I’m EvoS too. You guys need to get out of here. There are some locals around that are harassing EvoS. In fact, they are a pretty rough crowd, especially after they’ve had a couple drinks. These just came in from a big fishing trip and are loaded. I noticed one of them staring at you. I’d get out of here. I wish you luck. Maybe, I will see you in Arizona one day if I’m lucky.”
	Ralph sensed the sadness and fear in her voice, “How about now? You could go with us if you want.”
	Bonnie exclaimed, “Ralph, we don’t have room. We got three in the back seat and us in the front. There are our things in the lay flat in the back. She’d have to be stuffed in between our stuff?”
	Sally jumped in surprise, “I’ll go. I’ll be glad to share the back with your stuff. You have no idea how much I’ve prayed for a chance like this. Oh, by the way. I think I’m a level five or more. You wouldn’t believe what I can do. Please let me go with you!”
	Something about Sally intrigued Ralph. She was so perky and had an almost abundant energy that seemed to bounce off the walls. It was exhilarating to be around her. The others noticed it too, but not like Ralph. Sally noticed Ralph staring at her too intently and turned her head to the side at the attention. She liked his commanding mannerisms and especially liked the way he stared at her. She knew it was more than just paying attention, and she blushed with the thought of it.  
	Ralph instantly thought, “I think she’s shy. That’s it. She is shy, but full of energy. Got to love it; but if she wasn’t wearing those glasses, she’d be a knock out.” He caught himself in almost drool and looked away from her for a second to get back his composure. 
The empathy came rolling from each of them with the answers together, “Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.”
	Sally took off her apron and threw it on the counter while running back to get her purse. They took her warning seriously and moved fast towards the front door. As they came out into the parking lot, five men were waiting. 
	A very fat man in farmer’s jeans holding a tool iron threatened them, “Where are you going guys? Arizona? Well, if you have to go, then we might need to give you some presents to remind you of us; presents that tell you that you are not wanted. You are too smart for the rest of us. Let’s get them guys!”
	Sally came out just as the men rushed on top of the group. All of the men lifted up into the air about 25 feet and were spun around so fast that several were throwing up as they spun. Sally was doing it and threw them into the nearby motel swim pool, then looked at the rest, “Okay, guys, ready to go.”
	Ralph exclaimed as he jumped into the car, “Wow, you really are a level five, aren’t you? How did you do that with all of them at the same time?”
	Sally commented matter factly, “Oh, yeah, told you I was. Actually, I don’t know how I do it. It just comes naturally except I have been doing it with pots and pans, not people lately. Did you like it?”
	Ralph stared at her intensely again, then answered, “What’s not to like?” He was not talking about what she did, and she knew it, then she smiled at him and did a wink. The others noticed the sparks, then there was some mumbling from the girls, a little jealous growling. No one expected Ralph to be so enamored by someone so quickly. After all, he was just a geek, and it didn’t fit, did it?
	The group shouted, “Loved it! Amen,” together. 
	Bonnie shouted, “Praise the Lord!”
	The bullies thrashed around and dragged themselves out of the pool. One of them shouted at the rest, “I’m out of here. It was Sally. I know it. She could have killed us all. I’m not giving her another chance. They scare the crap out of me!”
	Agreeing nods were given, then they piled into a 250 Ford pickup and headed down to a local bar hoping that no one would ask them any questions what happened. They would. The whole community already heard how a waitress whipped them. About the time they got to the bar, several other locals were standing in front of it. After all, Sally was a local girl who never hurt anyone. Two of her cousins were in the bar along with her grandpa. As they pulled up, they saw the waiting crowd. 
	“I think we better get out of here, guys. Those are some of Sally’s folks. That one on the left is a bruiser. I’m not in for another whipping on the same night.”
	They all agreed and screeched out of the parking lot to go by and pick up some things of their own before getting out of town. This had not been a good night.
	The kids made it down the road some 20 miles before they all stopped laughing and joking about what happened. The flickering lights of some 30 stopped cars, trucks, and vans lit up the road ahead of them. A gasoline truck was lying on its side blocking the interstate. Suddenly, engine smoke came billowing from under its truck cab.  
	Ralph slammed on the breaks just before running into a wrecked Mini Cooper while sliding sideways. Ralph yelled, “Everyone get down and out! Watch for shattered glass! Watch out!”
	They scrambled out and followed Ralph’s cries, “That truck is going to blow! Get down behind the far side of the car!” 
Kelly started crying, “What do we do? You’re right. That gasoline truck is going to explode, and those people in the cars up there are going to be killed! We have to do something! What can we do?”
	Ralph replied, “Dr. Colbert said that we are stronger together than by ourselves. What if we moved the truck off the road and maybe down the embankment, together?”
	Bonnie cried, “We can’t move that thing!”
	Then, Sally shouted, “If I can do what I did with those creeps, then together we can do this!”
	“Yes, we can!” shouted Ralph.
	“How?” asked Edgar and Thomas together.
	Ralph ordered, “Get together and think together. Think move up to 100 feet, and all of us think about dropping it over the far embankment together.”
	“Okay, let’s do this!” they all agreed.
	Together they held hands, then together they said out loud, “Up 100 feet and over there, then move over there.”
	There was a shaking of the gasoline truck as it lifted up into the air. It went up 50 feet, then 75, then 100 all intact, then gasoline came pouring out while the tanker only hung in the air from the rig. Flames shot up in an upward explosion.
Ralph yelled, “Throw it over the embankment, now!”
The explosion with the rig flew through the air over the steep embankment and down into a gully some 1000 feet away from the road. Still, pieces of metal and balls of flame flew over onto the road and barreled down towards them. 
Ralph yelled again, “Throw it all back down over the side again!”
It was pushed back like an unseen hand with all the pieces and flames back over the side of the road. People stuck in their cars got out and ran in terror towards them, then past them while looking strangely back at them. All they saw were six kids holding hands in their own death grip while peeking through almost closed eyes, not wanting to see what almost happened before they blocked the last assault of the explosion. 
One man with a child in his arms stopped. He commented, “Thank you. I know you kids did something, didn’t you?”
Ralph nodded “yes” and smiled slightly shaking in his own fear and looked down to see blood running from his free hand where he had too tightly clenched it. The rest looked around in amazement at what they had just done.
The man commented again, “You are EvoS, aren’t you? I will never forget this. You just saved me and my little girl. I will never forget this. I hear that there is a safe place at Lake Elbow in Arizona for you. I have my little cousin heading there right now. Ask for Johnny Lefton; give him my regards. Not all of us are afraid of you.”
 
Lake Elbow
	Dr. Colbert sat quietly as his admissions crew welcomed more EvoS. This used to be a small abandoned ghost town all the way back to the early 1800’s; but now, it was looking like an industrious little city, but still in the middle of nowhere. The town backed its way into a high bluff that stretched for almost ten miles in either direction with flat desert plains expanding beyond sight on the other side of town. What started out as a few rose to tens of thousands, and it looked like this may even double and triple in the next months. His concern, supplies: food, water, and essentials.
	He walked out to see thousands of tents set up along as far as the Northern desert road. Old wells were being revived and windmills were pumping water from deep underground caverns that had been under the parched dirt for thousands of years. Water was good; how they got it out was even better. Groups of EvoS had decided that they could move the water up through into the outlet pipes with just a little joint effort and mind extensions. Others decided that if they could do that, then they might even be able to enhance Mother Nature a little and cause things to grow at expediential speed. 
	The fruit trees were the best example of that. Small seedling apple trees were planted along the road leading to Lake Elbow. Thousands of EvoS gathered, then concentrated with planned joint effort. The trees started growing. The EvoS stayed there for half a day until the trees were blossoming and the first fruits were seen before they stopped. Next, came the newly watered desert fields from the underground springs. They set their minds to control the seeding by just standing still and watching as bags of seeds contributed from other ranchers in the area spread wheat and grain for miles, then they did the same with vegetables: tomatoes, squash, and onions. There was so much grain growing that they had enough to supply the ranchers for free and enough crops to keep from starving. It was a miracle, an EvoS miracle. The ranchers gave them beef cattle in exchange for crops. 
	There were competitive moves to find out who owned the property until it was discovered that an old miner recently died and contributed the land and the town to Dr. Colbert, one of his own grandsons. He lived long enough to see the apple trees blossom and the first grain crops harvested. Dr. Colbert said his grandfather died a happy man. 
	Researchers were sent by the government to investigate the crop techniques; then with just a little talk, the whole world was watching Lake Elbow. They were left alone by the government, but they expected that this would not last. 
	Dr. Colbert heard from Kabe that there were some drone problems near the Pakistani border. The government was trying to figure out if that was possible. After all, Dr. Colbert was already doing joint exercises with his EvoS why could it not work with drones. 
	“Kabe, I’ll tell you what. I know that drones are flying overhead watching us. I don’t mind, but I think what I’ll do is get some of our group together to see if we can duplicate what you just said. If we can, then you will know for sure what someone’s are doing over there.”
	“Colbert, do that. Get back to me.”

Together We Are Strong
	“Sir, I’m flying my drone over the Arizona camps; and all of a sudden, it went straight up into the air. I mean that it didn’t stop going up until it was out above 20,000, then it just shut down and came down in a pile. I think we got a problem.” 
	The director commented upon getting the drone news, “This is exactly the problem we might be facing on the Pakistan-Afghan borders with our own military drones. What if our enemies could get them to go so off course so much that they turn them back on us? This is a real problem. A big, big problem.”
	The President answered on the conference call, “Get Dr. Kabe to help us like I told you before.  We have to get his cooperation. Talk to him about getting a voluntary group of EvoS to prepare to fight against those overseas. He has to help us. Our testing centers are not working at all. All the participants are just shutting down and not doing anything. Of course, I think we might have a constitutional rights issue about our testing too. We need volunteers. Get him to find the smartest he can find, and we will get a team of EvoS ourselves to fight against this. We can use EvoS to fight EvoS. Surely he can understand the logic of that. He has to help us now!”	

Colbert’s Concerns
	Dr. Colbert knew that the abilities of the EvoS would grow even greater, but he didn’t know how much. He suspected that there would be another big jump in evolution. He suspected that the levels assigned to them would be antiquated within months. He also believed that there would even be level 100’s. He suspected that the EvoS could be far too dangerous to society for government to just let them alone. They had to learn to live below the radar. He wondered if he could ever get them too. 
“A luxury once received becomes a necessity,” was something he had heard somewhere. 

The Ralph Gang
	Ralph and his group were almost a hundred miles away from Lake Elbow when they were short of cash. Ralph talked with everyone about it. 
	“Guys, I don’t have enough cash to get gas and food. I was trying not using my credit cards afraid someone was going to be tracking us. I need to stop and get some cash. Did I not hear that banks are looking for EvoS tricks in the banking business just like in the casinos? They are afraid of what we might do. Not taking any chances, I guess. We could actually do very well at all that if we wanted to, don’t you know?”
	“Sally, I heard that too. I do have money in my account. There, that is my bank. Let’s see what happens.”
“It’s my bank too,” replied Ralph.
Sally answered, “You guys try to do a withdrawal inside, and I’m going to use the teller on the outside.”
	Ralph and Bonnie went in to do his withdrawal. As they approached the teller window, they noticed a sign above it. “EvoS withdrawals can only be completed with approval of two bank officers.”
	Ralph asked, “We are just on vacation. We want to do a small withdrawal from our account.”
	The teller had a small checklist in front of her, “Tell, me, Sir, are you an EvoS?”
	Ralph wanted to lie, but EvoS registration was already coordinated with banking. He could lie, but it would not make any difference. They had a list, and they were certainly on the list. The college took care of that.
	“Just a little. Here is my ID.”
	The teller commented, “See the sign. You have to get two officer overrides, and there is only one officer on Saturday mornings.”
	Ralph felt the heat of his embarrassment and the insult about their discrimination bubbling all over him. He decided to forget it and see if Sally had better luck.
	She was behind another gentleman; and just before he got his money, she extended and pushed the button without him noticing. The screen said, “Do you want another transaction.”
	He never noticed, and she stepped up as he quickly moved away, then she extended while a stack of 20s came out. She smiled at the camera and stuck her tongue at it, then stuck the money in her jean pocket and returned to the car. 
	Ralph came depressedly back. “I hope you had better luck than I did.”
	“You’ve been ID’d, haven’t you?” she asked.
“Of course, and you? How could you get money? Certainly, they have a block on the automated teller too,” he asked. 
	“Of course, but who said I used my account?” she laughed and threw a stack of crisp 20s up in the air, then controlled them back into a neat stack in Ralph’s lap.
	Ralph laughed while forgetting to be depressed, “You thief. You wonderful, great thief! You extended, didn’t you?”
	“Yep, he didn’t even notice that I pressed the ‘another transaction button.’ He looked like he could afford it. He was driving new beamer and was wearing a suit with fancy French cuff diamond-studded cufflinks. Rob from the rich and give to the poor. We is poor, right?”
	“We is; we is,” laughed Ralph. 

Arrival at Lake Elbow
	Ralph stayed the course and within three hours was making that call to Lake Elbow from a small diner while they sat drinking their morning coffee and eating micro-waved honey buns. 
	“Ralph,” replied Kelly, “Go ahead and call them. I’m tired of sitting between these guys and listening to them snore all the time.”
	Edgar replied, “You snore too.”
	Thomas joined in, “Like a freight train.”
	Bonnie jumped in this time, “You all snore, so stop it! We will be there in a little bit, and you can sleep in a bed. By the way, did you see the article in Newsweek on Lake Elbow? They show pictures of thousands of tents and how the EvoS are growing instant crops and doing all sorts of crazy stuff.”
	Ralph grabbed her phone from her and pressed on the Newsweek button, “Oh, my gosh! No wonder Dr. Colbert said we could do just about anything. How is this happening? We really are freaks!”
	He said it too loudly and others turned towards them. Several plains-clothed, official-looking men in suits walked closely by them, and Ralph saw them click pictures of them as they went by. They had been targeted, and he bet they would be in someone’s database soon. He just wanted to get to Lake Elbow and find some kind of safety, some kind of normalcy among the abnormal. 
	“We are not just freaks,” replied Kelly, “We are blessed, and we should learn to enjoy it. I am.”
	Ralph commented sarcastically, “You feel blessed because you are in a backseat Edgar-Thomas sandwich.”
	They all laughed, then Kelly whispered back, “That too.” She poked each of them in their ribs till they squealed for her to stop.
	“Dr. Colbert, we are in Halbrook. You said you would send an escort for us. Do you still want to?”
	“Yes, guys, I will have our people prepare for what six more? Can you three guys stay in the same tent, and the girls together, okay? Kind of running out of tents lately, but the National Guard said they’d have more in a couple days, and you each can have your own, then. Okay?”
	“Great! How wonderful!”
	Dr. Colbert asked, “What can you all do?”
	Ralph looked around at everyone, then answered, “A little of everything. Except Sally. She is off the charts. Why?”
	“I’m looking for a Level 10 to start with, but one day we will even find a Level 100, both far greater abilities of anyone we’ve found so far. There must be some out there. Just checking. You would let me know if you knew someone like that, wouldn’t you?”
	“Sure, we would. We will be waiting,” he commented still puzzled by Colbert’s interest in the higher level EvoS.
 	Ralph and his passengers were finally escorted to the main gate of the town. EvoS were in teams working on a variety of projects from planting to harvest. They worked in groups of no less than a thousand. Dr. Colbert explained the categories. 
	“You guys need to settle in and then decide what team you want to participate in. I need to ask you again whether you have seen any other EvoS who could be off-the-scale abilities?”
	“Just Sally, like I said. She can extend and is really good at it with no effort at all. None of us are that good. We joined together and lifted a burning gasoline truck into the air and threw it over an embankment to save some people. We just want to live safely and not be treated like weirdoes.”
	“So that was you guys. Outstanding! That’s how we work around here. Together. You are no weirdoes. You are the normals, not the abnormals, here.”

Unlikely Match
	Sally woke up in a total sweat. She grabbed her chest as her heart was beating so loudly she thought she was having a heart attack. 
	She spoke to herself, “Oh, no, not again. Not that dream. Not again. Can’t it stop? Can’t it really stop?”
	She pulled herself together and pushed back the tent flaps as she made her way to the boys’ tent. She wanted to talk to Ralph. She kept seeing him staring back at her in the rear view as she peeked her head over the luggage. She knew he liked her; and actually, she liked him. It was his sarcasm that reminded her of her grandfather. It was his tongue-and-cheek humor that had a twist and turn about it that made you think before you laughed at the punch line that was always just below the surface. It was so close to her that it made her feel warm inside. She just wanted to be around Ralph. It was hard to explain. 
	“Ralph, are you there?” Sally asked pushing at his tent flap, but still afraid of intruding. 
	“Is that you, Sally?” asked Ralph. He pulled his pants and shoes on, then stumbled to the flap throwing it open.
	“It is you!” exclaimed Ralph in pleasant surprise. 
	“I need to talk to you, Ralph. Please, let me talk to you.”
	“Of course, of course, Sally. Shall we walk awhile towards the orchards? The teams aren’t very busy this early. Come on, Girl.”
	Sally grabbed his hand as he exited the tent and pulled him along toward the orchards. “I have to talk to you. I am driving myself crazy with these dreams,” she confided. 
	“Dreams. You have to be kidding. I thought you really have a problem.”
	Sally pulled her hand away from his, and a tear trickled down her face, “That is so mean. Why did you say that?”
	Ralph ducked his head and pulled away in remorse, “I am so sorry. I would never be mean to you. Never. Please, I am so sorry. I am just way to sarcastic for my own good.”
	Sally put her hand in his again, then pulled close to him to his surprise. “Sally, I’m so sorry. I never meant to hurt you. You have to know that I like you a lot.”
	Sally spoke quietly, “I thought so. That is why I wanted to talk to you. I felt your eyes looking at me on the drive.”
	“Oh, that, sorry, I have a tendency to stare. I meant nothing ugly about it.”
	“I didn’t think you did, but I still want to talk to you.”
	“I’m listening,” he said as he leaned into her as they walked together. 
	“I’ve been having these dreams about things that I will be doing. It means that I see myself controlling thousands of things and pushing them in all directions doing all sorts of crazy things kind of like what I did with those guys outside the diner. It is scary. I think I am different than anyone else. I feel different. I feel almost out of control, especially when I dream. Do you think I’m crazy? How can one person do all the things that I dream about?”
	“Let’s go talk to Dr. Colbert. He might have some answers,” suggested Ralph and used the minute to put his arm around her waist as he watched her surrender to it rather than push him away. They walked toward the main building where Dr. Colbert worked. 
	“Dr. Colbert, Dr. Colbert, do you have a minute?” Ralph repeated as he stood by the door of his tent, then felt so nervous about meeting Dr. Colbert again. 
	Dr. Colbert peeked around the corner of his office door and smiled in a welcome, “Come on in, guys. I suspect that I would not be a good EvoS leader if I didn’t know that you had something to say to me. I’m one of those old EvoS holdouts. Started when I was a kid and didn’t really stop in force until I reached 25. Forty now, but I still feel the force of it. Sally, what do you have to tell me?”
	“Dr. Colbert, I have been talking with Ralph about my dreams.”
	“Dreams, well tell me about them,” he asked as he stroked his beard in a metaphor of a Dr. Freud style. 
	Sally began, “I’m different than the rest of you. I have abilities that no one is talking about. I can move multiple things at the same times in a hundred different directions. I dream about this every night and every time I lay down my head. It is enough to drive me crazy.” Her emotions were overcoming her.
	Ralph put his arm around her shoulder in comfort while Dr. Colbert walked away in consideration. 
	“Girl, you may be on to something special. What would happen if multiple things came toward you?”
	“I guess that I’d control them too.”
	“Thousands of them?”
	“Yes, I could, I know I could.”
	“What if you couldn’t see them?”
	“Couldn’t see them. What kind of question is that?”
	“Bullets,” asked Dr. Colbert.
	“You have to be kidding. How could I know that?” replied Sally in disappointment. 
	“Wait,” Ralph interrupted, “I see where Dr. Colbert is going with this. What if you really are so special that you could be a special weapon of some kind. A weapon for the benefit of all of us EvoS?”
	Sally commented, “This was about my dreams, not something making me a weapon. I am not superman. I am just asking to understand my place in this mess. That’s all.”
	“So am I,” stated Dr. Colbert. “So am I.”
	“I don’t feel really good, guys. I’d like to go back to my tent and take a nap.”
	Colbert regretted jumping into the questions like that so fast. He was just thinking about a call from Kabe late yesterday. The President had asked Kabe to consider developing a voluntary group of high-level EvoS to help fight against what had been called terrorist EvoS. He was just thinking too far ahead of himself with Sally. Her talent could be essential in a team like that. 
	“Sally, I’m sorry. I just had a thought stuck in my mind about something. I am not talking about a weapon, but I’m talking about having talented EvoS help protect others from bad people. You have to understand the great care I have for all of us as well as the great responsibility for all of our well-being. So, let me start again. You may be actually able to see into the future a little. This is something like a premonition. It should not scare you. It should excite you. Your premonition may be telling you to expect more from yourself than you ever imagined. It is a good thing, not a bad thing. What do you think?” Colbert commented while picking up her near hand and squeezing it tenderly, then winking at Ralph. Ralph nodded in agreement.
	“Oh, oh, I see. So it is just my mind telling me what I know that I am different, but different is not bad. Different can be very good. Well, that’s a nice twist. Except I wish it was not like a broken record. Be nice to have a different version of this from time to time,” she answered and moved even closer to Ralph while putting her arm around his waist in an affectionate side hug. Ralph smiled contentedly with the move and did the same to her. 
	“Okay, so let’s do this. Before you go to sleep, concentrate on thinking with a message to your dream state that says, ‘What more can I do, show me?’ I believe you just might kick your mind to the next page. Consider the dreams as a nice entertainment rather than a burden. Do that and get back with me what happens. Now, I have to ask you two an important question.”
	“Sure,” they answered in unison.
	“If you were asked to help others by protecting others in the future, would you be willing to help?” he asked. 
	“To do what?” asked Ralph, almost fearfully.
	“Don’t know. Just want to pose the question as a possibility for further consideration. Well, let me ask you a hypothetical question. What if you knew that a daycare full of children were in danger from someone. What if you could use your talents to save them, would you consider it?”
	Sally spoke up emotionally, “Oh, yes! Oh, yes! We would, wouldn’t we Ralph?”
	Ralph got the message, then answered logically, “Yes, if we could, then sure we would. So is there a daycare in danger now?”
	Dr. Colbert answered in dead earnest, “Yes, the daycare is the United States.”
	Ralph responded, “Big daycare.”
	Sally quickly answered back, “Big danger, right?”
	“Yes, very big daycare and a very big danger. Sometime in the future,” Colbert answered flatly.
	“I’d not let anyone hurt my Uncle Bob and Aunt Clara. No one better lay a hand on any of my kin,” she replied emotionally.
	Colbert answered, “We all have Uncle Bob’s and Aunt Clara’s as well as Little Johnny’s and Sister Maggies’, don’t you think?”
	“I understand, Dr. Colbert. I understand. Whatever we can do to help. I believe Ralph and I will,” she nodded towards Ralph who nodded back in agreement. 
	“Okay, then. Well, why don’t you two go back and get some more rest. Keep me in touch about your dreams, but please consider them a blessing and not a curse, okay?” he commented while retreating back into his office and waving at them as he walked away.
	Ralph and Sally walked away quietly. At certain moments Ralph didn’t think their meeting with Dr. Colbert went very well, then upon reflection he did. It went exactly how it was supposed to. He also felt something else. He felt that Sally and he were destined to be together. He was her soul mate. He didn’t realize that she felt the same about him. 
	Sally reached her tent, then turned to Ralph following her, “You know, I think I really know what Dr. Colbert was asking. I do want to help. When the time comes, we can talk about it, right? I guess it was okay. I need to be ready when the time comes to use my talents the way God ordains it. I want to be ready, but I want you by my side when I do.”
	Ralph was stunned by the statement, “I am speechless that anyone as pretty of you would say something like that to a geek like me.” 
	Ralph reached toward Sally, and they hugged, then kissed lightly while Ralph said, “By your side, My Lady.”
	“Okay, then, got to get my beauty rest. Who knows when my talents will be needed? Even superman (woman) has to nap,” she said as she turned to go. Ralph chuckled at her humor wishing he had said something like that. 

The Little Man Questions
	“Alice, when are they going to come to meet us? We’ve been back for two weeks just hanging around. Do you think they are afraid of what we are going to ask?” Charles asked. 
	“Well, I’m not afraid to ask. I have to know that students are not being hurt by all this. It makes me feel dirty inside. I’ve never hurt anyone in my life unless it was protecting you from the cadet bullies, right?”
	A sharp uniformed officer came to meet them in the West Point administration building. “Welcome back, guys. I’m Colonel Adams. I understand you have some questions about some things. I have been the one reading some of your emails. I assure you that we are talking about you two. We do have answers. Come with me.”
	As Charles and Alice walked with him, they felt a sense of calm, and some of their uncertainty left them. Charles looked at Alice and winked, then held her hand as they walked. She did not resist, but enjoyed the support. 
Adams looked back to see the hand move, then smiled. It was nice to see people who he knew loved each other. It was because he was one of an ultimate romantic too, and in his leisure time wrote prose about his own love thoughts. It made him feel good just to be with these two. He knew that the government was doing exactly what Charles and Alice suspected. He also was one of those whistleblowers to the distain of many in government and hoped to turn this problem around. This couple just might help do that. He also knew that if things worked out that these two might be just what he needed. He had been given an assignment to contribute to a small team of EvoS to help fight directly against possible EvoS terrorists. 
“Here you go. This room should suffice, but I just want to talk to you myself, first,” he motioned to a small secluded conference room. 
Charles and Alice nodded and entered sitting down at a small round table while Adams had a small coffee pot. “Coffee? I promise it will keep you awake. My favorite. African Skies. Please.”
They nodded and accepted, then rested back with their hands in their laps when they weren’t sipping. 
Alice asked, “So, you know why we are here?”
“Yes, you believe the government is kidnapping higher level EvoS, then hiding them to test their abilities, correct?” 
	“Yes, and we have seen at least one supposed kidnapping of one of our most talented EvoS.”
	“Well, why would we?” asked Adams.
	“I don’t know. Just to test them. Find out what they can do. Maybe because we are afraid our enemies have EvoS too. Maybe, we want to find a way to control or fight against those enemies by studying these of ours.”
	“You are exactly right. I know that is exactly what we are doing. I am fighting against this approach right now. You emails have become good fighting fodder for me in my own campaign to stop it. I need to have some good officers who are able to join me to do that, then offer an alternative and way to find out the same information without holding subjects against their will.”
	“Are you asking us to join that team?” Charles asked excitedly.
	“Yes, both of you. I am going to be getting the testing locations soon. Congress is filing a motion to release all of these subjects in custody. I still want to do testing with these higher levels, but on a voluntary basis only. I want you to work with them to find out just exactly they can do and figure out ways to counter enemy EvoS intent on harming our way of life. Are you interested?”
	Charles and Alice said exactly at the same time, “Yes, we will help. Yes, please, let us help!”
	“Okay, then, and in that case you are to be packed up and ready to go meet a man called Dr. Colbert in Arizona. He is going to bring you up-to-date on what they have been able to do so far. I would like you to be ready to meet with the released subjects as soon as they are freed, then try to convince them to go to Arizona too. Dr. Colbert is very interested in the higher levels. I will tell you what we are really interested in: level 10’s and 100’s. We know they are out there. We need to be ready for them.”
	“Oh, my, Lord! A 100 could do just about anything. Oh, my Lord! I understand. I see the fear we have. I see the absolute fear. No wonder, no wonder,” commented Alice, then reached out to hold Charle’s hand, then squeezed it in emphasis as she talked about this fear. 

I’m Normal 
	Henry and Abe kept their undercover throughout the semester. They felt satisfied that they were able to remain quiet. Parents cooperated while other students began to ignore them again as just a couple of smart kids with nothing to worry about. 
	“Well, it looks like people aren’t paranoid about us anymore. I haven’t heard a peep out of the campus bullies in months. We came back to school, went to classes, and that’s all there is,” spoke Henry as he lay on his back looking up at the blue spring-time sky. The picnic blanket with some colored pillows kept them from the picnic ants and was comfortable enough for an afternoon nap hanging off each others’ belt loops.  
	“We are normal, you know, Henry,” she stated as she kissed him tenderly on his lips. 
	“What else can we do, do you think?” asked Henry not knowing whether he wanted to know the answer or not. 
	“Heck, I don’t know. I haven’t tried since leaving Kabe’s farm. I don’t know if I want to. I haven’t heard a word about Kabe, either.”
	Henry looked dreamily at the sky. He spoke slowly to Abe while she laid her head on his chest and fingered his lips letting out a little sigh. 
	She asked, “What would you like to try?”
	“Ohhh, I don’t know. You see that plane up there. What if we had the power to flick our finger at it and knock its nose straight up. Like this.”
	Henry motioned with his finger in a flip, then the plane’s nose shot straight upward. The pilot screamed, “We have a problem! We have a problem! We are going straight up into the air! What hit us! We have just been attacked! What hit us! Level her out! Level her out! Oh, my Lord, we are level! What in the world was that?”
	Henry rolled out onto the grass and screamed, “Oh, my gosh! I can’t believe I did that. I almost killed all those people. No one ever said we could do something like that!”
	Abe screamed at him, “Turn it off, Henry! Turn it off! Clear you thoughts. Don’t let anything come into your thoughts, except me. Come to me, hold me! Don’t let anything into your head.”
	They rolled together and cried into each other’s arms. This is not what they wanted. This was too much power for one person to have. Finally, after seeing the plane level off in the distance, Henry asked, “What level am I now?”
	Abe answered honestly, “I don’t think you’re just growing apple trees. I think you good enough to create them!”
	“The heck with apple trees and Lake Elbow crops, I’m dangerous. I really need to watch this.”
	Abe suggested, “I know that was scary, but I’d like for you to try something else.”
	“Are you crazy? What could I do so I don’t hurt anyone?”
	“The pond, Moses. Part it,” she replied.
	“The pond? The pond? Just like that, huh? Okay, I’ll try it, then let’s do it again together to see what difference it makes.”
	Henry stood up and looked out over the pond that spanned five miles in all directions, then he put his hands together and did a pushing movement with them to signify the parting while watching the water come up in a large wave on either side leaving a muddy tunnel between them with turtles and fish desperately flopping around. The water was almost 50-feet high on either side. Abe came behind him and put her arms around his waist, then the water went up to over a hundred feet. They backed away and put down their hands, and the water came crashing down in foam and crackling swirls. An old man fishing on the other side of the pond stared at them, then passed out in the drama of the moment. 
	“So Moses was the original EvoS? Amazing, simply amazing,” exclaimed Henry. 
	“I’ve got an idea,” suggested Abe.
	“Here, look at my phone. Do you see this real-time view of the riots in Washington over the delayed social security payments? I was watching it a minute ago while you snored. Do something. I bet you can. I bet you can push the people back from the riot police in just one movement. I bet you can.”
	Henry looked at her phone as the newscaster gave a report on the grounds. Thousands of workers were storming the police barricades as the police began to fire tear gas. He closed his eyes then opened them and shouted, “Wall!”
	The advancing workers fell backwards onto their backs being shoved back by Henry’s imaginary wall. It knocked the wind out of some, and tear gas canisters fell back towards the police on the other side. It didn’t take but a minute for the workers to retreat to the far end of the park to figure out just what happened. 
	If Kabe and Dr. Colbert had been with them, they would have told both of them exactly what happened. Henry was a 100, and with Abe more like 150 or greater. His abilities enhanced and expanded beyond anything anyone had done before.  
	Dr. Colbert saw the riots and knew exactly what had happened. He knew sooner or later that a 100 would expose themselves even though he didn’t know who it was.
	Henry and Abe drove quietly home, then Henry talked softly to Abe, “We’ve been together for years now, Abe. I want you to know that I can’t find anyone that I’d rather be with than you. I don’t know what I’d do if I lost you.”
	Abe interrupted him, “Oh, Henry, you aren’t going to go all mushy on me, are you?”
	“Yes, I love you. I’ve never said a word, but I love you more than anything.”
	“I know that. A girl can always tell. And I love you. So what do you want to do about it?” she asked knowing what she wanted to hear. 
	“I want to make little EvoS with you. We never talked about that either, did we?”
	“What the heck! You just jumped us from the frying pan into the fire. Try saying that again some other way,” she said as she reached for his free hand and kissed tenderly on his fingers.
	“I want you to marry me. I want to always wake up with you. I want you to always be around to part the oceans of the pond, then we can make little EvoS. “
	“Now, that’s more like it. It’s about time, Big Guy. How can I say no to making little EvoS?” Henry pulled off the road, then they held each other for the longest time. 
	“What do you think our little EvoS will be able to do?”
	“Now, that’s a scary thought,” Henry replied, not really answering.
	Abe suggested, “We are both going to Rome with the International Culture Conference, ICC, in a couple weeks. Why don’t we get married in Rome? In the cathedral, why not?”
	Henry replied again, “That is a wonderful idea. At least, a cathedral of some kind, right?”
	“Okay, a cathedral of some kind. Well, we parted the waters today, talked about making little EvoS, almost killed a bunch of people, now we are getting married. We are normal, aren’t we?”
	“Very,” answered Henry. 

Barakah Tries
	Ibrahim saw the news report when Henry put the wall up. He thought for a minute, then decided to see what Barakah could do. After all, his EvoS team was doing very well. They were ready to put their plan into action, but what if Barakah could do something without them moving a bit. 
	“Son, I want to try something. I want you to watch TV for a minute when the news comes on. I want you to pick something that is really happening now and do something there. Make sure it is something overseas and not close by. There, see that live report from FOX News. See that report on China space launch. There, knock it down. Just think it and see what happens.”
	Barakah looked surprised and laughed, “This could be fun. Why are you asking me to do this? Do you know something that happened like that?”
	“Yes, I saw a report of riots in Washington over their social security problems. Somebody put up a wall that bounced everyone who came near it right back on their tails. If they could do that, then maybe you could do it.”
	“Well, maybe they are better than me. That sounds like someone or someone’s are better than just what we are, but I will try.”
	Barakah stood in front of the TV, then motioned with his hand like pushing over a stack of building blocks. Nothing happened. He tried again, still nothing.
	Barakah sadly responded, “Whoever they are, they are better than me. I know that I’m stronger than any of the other kids, but there must be those of us that are ten times or maybe even hundreds of times better than me out there. I sometimes feel them, and it scares me. I don’t want anything to stop us on our Rome mission.”
	“Son, trust me, you will succeed because God is on our side, the side of his people, not the people of the infidels.”
	They both did high fives together, then Barakah looked out his window and pointed to an old donkey shed and shouted, “Down!”
	The shed collapsed in a heap and in a thunderous crash. He turned to his dad, “If you have some closer space launches, then I might be able to do something.” They both laughed this time, and Ibrahim patted his son’s head affectionately.
	“Go to bed, son, you need your rest for what’s coming,” replied Ibrahim. 
	“To the praise of Allah, Dad!”
	“Yes, to the praise of Allah, Son!”

Kabe
	“Kabe, you took a deal with us to help us manage the EvoS, and reduce the risks of what they could do. Thanks to your opinion about tagging, we took it slow about identifying them, then we took your suggestion to just watch Lake Elbow. We already thought about that anyway. We’ve been monitoring all EvoS activity, and there doesn’t seem to by anything strange or different except their abilities when they gather together. Do you have anything else that you want to share with us?”
	“Well, Dr. Colbert and I did a little experiment that your drone watching stations in that area will have to confirm. His EvoS pushed a drone off course. Well, we didn’t mean for it to crash. Sorry. Oh, one other thing, watch out for the 100’s,” he stated simply.
	“We have the off-course drone documented. We thought you and Dr. Colbert might be involved in that somehow. What about 100s? We’ve talked about that before, but there has been not real proof that they exist or ever will.”
	“In Washington the other day, there was this wall put up between the workers and the riot police. It prevented additional violence. Whoever did that had to be a 100 because Colbert’s group didn’t have anything to do with it, or he would have told me. There was also a plane that same day that was flying over Waterbury, and the nose of the plane shot straight up for the atmosphere. That could be a 100 too. If not, Colbert also would have told me about it. I believe we have a 100 very near us. I think he or she was just playing around and experimenting. If a 100 can do that, imagine what a terrorist 100 could do?”
	The President answered, “You are scaring me. What can we do?”
	“We need to find that 100, then we need to get them to help us make sure other 100s don’t hurt us. I gave you a list of my students six months ago. You have checked them all out, but I purposely left off two. There is a possibility that one of them is now a 100. I will go talk to them.”
	“You said one 100, then you said them?” answered the director.
	“Yes, I did. They are a couple. I saw them doing stuff that was at least a five or six level before they left. Who knows what they can do now. The abilities could be getting better as they evolve.”
	“Find them, solicit them, get them to help us. Our nation is depending on you. Can you imagine how dangerous a single enemy 100 could be or even more?”
	“Very, very dangerous,” commented Kabe. 
	“Get him/her, do this, do this now! I have a big concern about certain the ICC meeting in Rome in a couple weeks. We are sending thousands of our students to participate. If I were a terrorist, I’d want to try to kill all of those American and European kids. We are worried about it.”
	“Dr. Colbert mentioned to me that there might be a team coming to his location to observe what he is doing. He said it had something to do with a new motion from Congress to release some supposed higher level EvoS from some testing centers. Do you know anything about this?”
	“Yes,” the President replied. “We have a thorn in our flesh that is spearheading this. It does not surprise me, the team, that is, and now, we are just trying to handle and minimize the collateral damage of some bad decisions of ours. We are going to release the subjects in the next two days without Congress passing any resolutions. A Colonel Adams at West Point will probably be in charge of those activities. I’m surprised you weren’t included in that team activity.”
	“Who’s to say I wasn’t? Hmmm. Well, who said we don’t make mistakes. Let’s see about taking care of business at hand to protect us. You have my vote” Kabe replied knowing he was deeply involved in the team activity and supporting Adam’s efforts in every way he could. 
	The President sadly stated, “I need that vote. Lord knows I do. Especially, after Adams gets through with me.”

The Kids
	“Mom, Dad, got a minute?” asked Abe.
	“Sure. What’s up?” she asked nervously looking at the mystery in Henry’s face, but the glow in Abe’s. 
	They all sat down at the supper table as Tom, her stepfather, folded his hands on the table before him, and her mom braced herself for some supposed bad news with her arm through his.
	“Mom, Henry and I have decided to get married,” then she didn’t say another word. 
	“Oh, my Lord! You have no idea what I thought! Oh, Lord, how wonderful! Well, it’s still Spring so we have a chance to fit it in before May. I can have Grandmother’s wedding dress altered for you like I did, except you are so much smaller. Oh, my, we have so much to do! How wonderful!”
	“Stop! Dear, they aren’t finished,” Tom commanded.
	Henry commented, “We are going to Rome next week for the ICC meeting. Of course, you knew that. We want to get married in one of the Rome cathedrals while we are there. We don’t want something fancy, just a couple right words and maybe let the priest include that communion like they all do. Just that simple. We can do it again when we get back for the family. This time is just for us.”
	“Oh,” her disappointment revealing her real feelings, hurt, but proud of her daughter, excited for her at the same time.
	“As long as you promise to have an unofficial, official wedding here in town with all the relatives to come sometime soon, I’m okay. And watch it, I don’t want you to go overboard and be pregnant when you walk down the aisle with us. You aren’t pregnant, are you?”
	“Mom, stop it!” spouted Tom, again.
	Abe answered, “Yes, Mom, stop it!”
	Henry defended himself, “Ma’am, I’ve always been decent and caring for Abe. She is not pregnant. Still, we would like to have little EvoS as soon as possible.”
	“Oh, Lord, not even married and thinking about kids!”
	“Mom, calm down!” Tom demanded.
	“Actually, your grandkids,” replied Henry while watching her smile with the idea, and Tom smiled even more while thinking of more little Abe’s rather than her two brothers that always got in trouble. Now, that would be a change: a nice change. 
	Henry felt so nervous that he was shaking slightly. “Guys, I am feeling a little sick at my stomach. I’m just not used to so much drama like this.” 
	“Actually, we need to go to Henry’s parents and talk to them too,” replied Abe. 
	Abe’s mother beat them to the punch. She had called his parents, and they were waiting out in the front yard for them. There was some clapping and some, “Bravo! Bravo! Congratulations!”
	Henry and Abe hugged, and cried while her parents followed over to gather all again. The neighbors kept peering out of their windows, then over heard things like, “kids,” “marriage,” “Rome,” “weddings.” No one heard anything about “EvoS;” that was kept quiet. 

Kabe
	Later that same day, Kabe called Henry’s parents, “Bob, this is Dr. Kabe. I haven’t heard from Henry or Abe since the farm. You know I’m working in cooperation of the government. I know, you might think I’m a traitor, but I believe I’m helping from the inside rather than the outside.”
	“Froggy, I never thought we, either one, were traitors. We all agreed years ago to keep our talents and abilities under-wrap. We worked together to make sure no one knew about us and that includes you. We had abilities, just like Henry, but we decided to keep quiet, just like Henry. He doesn’t want the attention, and I don’t blame him.”
	“Bob, there is a 100 out there. We know that he or she exist, and local. I thought with the abilities I saw of Henry that he might be a candidate for being a 100. It’s just a gut feeling I have. You would tell me if you thought that Henry was capable of that, wouldn’t you?”
	“Yes, actually, I would. I know you are trying to help us all, and thanks for not letting them tag us like they planned. I’d much rather accept an ID than a tag any day. Froggy, what does the government have planned? You’d tell me, wouldn’t you?”
	“They’re scared to death. They’re afraid of not being in control. The mystery of this is driving them crazy. Can you imagine if a 100 ever got into the terrorist mode? Even a group of 3 or 4s could do a hell of lot of damage, but a 100, that’s different.”
	“I guess Jesus was a 1000, and Moses was a 500 along with Elijah, then his disciples were around 100s too. Gives you a prospective of some kind, doesn’t it?”
	“Have we any information on the Mid East EvoS?”
	“None, they aren’t sharing anything. Not a thing. We know they have them, but no one is talking. That is the scariest thing of all!” commented Kabe truthfully.
	“Henry and Abe are getting married in Rome on their ICC trip next week. They wanted you to know.”
	“Thanks, Bro, keep me posted. I promise if something changes that we will share with each other. That is the gathering that the government is most worried about.”
	“Well, that is the same gathering that the kids are heading to. You are scaring me a little, man,” he answered, then left it to the government just being paranoid. 
	“If you don’t mind, can I talk to Henry for a minute?”
	“Henry! Froggy wants to talk with you.” 
	“Sure, Kabe, what can I do for you?” asked Henry reluctantly. He knew that Kabe was working for the government now and felt nervous even speaking with him.
	“Henry, I supplied a list of my brightest students for the government, but I purposely left your names off. The government is in a crisis right now thinking that there might be some level 100s out there somewhere, especially from the Mid East. Henry, are you a 100?”
	Henry didn’t speak for over a minute, the longest minute of his life, “Kabe, I want to be normal. I don’t want to be abnormal. I don’t want to be involved in anything that anyone is doing. I want to live in peace and quiet.”
	“You didn’t answer my question, Henry,” answered Kabe.
He knew that by him not saying anything was exactly the answer he wanted. Henry was a 100. Now, he had to keep him out of the government sights. After all, Henry and Abe were his friends regardless of the orders
	“I understand. You answered me, but I will keep you out of it. You are normal. I will not let anyone know,” Kabe whispered over the phone. 
	“Thanks, Kabe, I appreciate that. Normal, okay?”
	“Normal,” answered Kabe. “Oh, congrats on your upcoming marriage. In Rome, how about that. You will let me know if you sense someone who is a 100 from the dark side, okay?”
	“I will, but you will probably know far before I do.”
	“If I ask you for help sometime without jeopardizing your normalcy, would you?” 
	“Depends, that’s all I can say. It just depends,” replied Henry shaking at the memories of the plane and his Moses trick. 
	“That’s fair enough,” answered Kabe just before hanging up. 
	Kabe whispered to himself, “Henry, you are the most unlikely weapon to protect our way of life that anyone could ever imagine.”


No Sacrifices
	Ibrahim stood with ten of his men in the shelter of the Ghazal Valley cave over looking his protected sanctuary. The children had been practicing their abilities together for last six months; and together, they were getting better and better at thinking together with Barakah’s lead. 
	“Ibrahim, we know you are going to use the children soon. It is wonderful that you are willing to let them be martyrs for the glory of Allah,” spoke the leader of an Islamic fighter group that came to visit him.
	Ibrahim bristled, “You obviously don’t know much about me and my methods. I have no intention of letting any of these children die for the glory of anyone, including Allah!”
	Mohammed Adl spoke back angrily, “You are not a committed Muslim to our war! You are not willing to sacrifice for our cause! You even have schools for your children. I heard that even some girls were going to school here in this valley. You are a disgrace.”
	“I see, so you came all this way to insult me in front of my men, just because you think I need to do something that kills all of these kids, just because. You have made a terrible mistake,” shouted Ibrahim back as he motioned for his men to raise their rifles toward the other men. There were 20 in Adl’s group, and they raised their weapons in defense.
	“Now, Ibrahim, we know you don’t want to fight against your own kind. We are your friends. We are just disagreeing on a technicality. You want to fly a plane-load of your EvoS towards the Rome convention where thousands of Americans and Europeans are meeting. We do to. We just thought that it would be a good idea to have the children go down in flames to show our commitment to Allah, rather than causing a close-by plane with others in it do it,” Ald stammered, then sat down in front of Ibrahim as if to signal peace, but Ibrahim’s group did not drop their guard. 
	“I have a way to use our children without any of them getting killed. I will bring them all back safely and keep our promise to return them to their families. This is my project, not yours or ours. These are my trained children, not yours. This is my plan, and you are not included. If you feel so strongly about suicide, then go blow yourselves up, but you will not be under my watch.”
	Adl felt he was losing control over this situation. He knew he needed Ibrahim and his children; then without him, he could nothing. He had absolutely no knowledge how the children did what they did. He needed Ibrahim, Barakah, and everyone working together to do what they planned to do. He was just stuck on 911 tactics and nothing else. 
	Adl fiercely shot back, “No, we will do it our way, not yours! You must give us your plans and let us change them to meet our goals. You must go!” 
	Ibrahim turned to look at his men, then fell to the floor out of the way as he ordered, “Kill them, all of them.”
	It happened so fast that, even with 20, no one could respond fast enough. Ibrahim’s men fired so many rounds of automated fire spraying the others with bullets that some looked like Swiss cheese rather than humans. 
	One man, closest to the tent door, dived to the ground and rolled out of the way. He ran to one of the group’s jeep next to a large corral of horses, then plummeted down the mountain trail. He was able to get away only because Ibrahim wanted him to. He wanted the man to tell others that they were not in control; that he was. It did not take but a couple days before word got back to the Americans that an internal split with the Taliban had resulted in 19 deaths all about kids being used in a plane attack in Rome. That was the information that came back to the Americans, but it was still only rumor and could not be verified. Kabe heard about it too. He knew it was more than rumor; it was what he expected, and what the director already indicated. Now, they knew something would happen, but not exactly how. 
	Kabe contacted Colbert in Arizona, “We are suspecting a Mid Eastern EvoS attack is coming against the Rome convention, but we don’t know where from. We just know that at group of children are involved working together like your group does. If a group of children were to join together and use their abilities, would it be enough to take over a plane without a shot? I know the answer.”
	“You bet it would. We use thousands of EvoS to control farming and other things, but it would only take one exceptional EvoS with moderate levels to direct other levels to literally do what they wanted with anything, including a plane. They wouldn’t even have to be in the plane to do something. If they are on a close-by plane, then it is only because they still haven’t mastered the ability to extend. It could be that they are too scared to try a complete extension. They might be afraid we have the technology to track them if they do. We don’t, but they don’t know that. They have yet to realize what they can really do if they work together. There has to be at least one level ten among them. The others support and enhance what he is able to do. You remember the scripture, “My people are destroyed by lack of knowledge.”
	“Colbert, I know where the 100 is. I can’t tell anyone what I know. He is a very close friend. Unfortunately, he and his fiancé are going to the convention in Rome. He said he might be willing to help if he needed to, but couldn’t promise. He is my wild card. He and his girlfriend might just be what are needed to stop something really bad from happening.”
	“What’s wrong with him? Why isn’t he here with us in Arizona?” asked Colbert, feeling it insulting that Henry wouldn’t join them.
	“He’s scared and sort of a loner. He told me he just wanted to have a normal life, nothing less, nothing more,” Kabe replied, almost respecting Henry’s choice more than ever. 
Everyone else was trying to control and manage the phenomena. All Henry wanted to do is live his life quietly without problems. Still, being an EvoS is a problem. 
“He is leaving for the Rome convention in the next couple of days. His flight is Flight 505 American Airlines, but it is interesting that he is arriving on the second day of the convention.”
	“What’s so interesting about that?”
	“So is Emirate Airlines Flight 674 from Afghanistan bringing in special international exhibition speech team. I don’t know who arranged that, but it is not convenient, almost at the same time. I am sending the American Airline’s pilot a message about Henry. It will warn him and state that if something happens, maybe my person will help.”

Preparing for Rome
	“How did you pack?” asked Henry
	“Light,” replied Abe giggling a little letting the excitement of their trip making her almost giddy. 
	“The plane leaves in an hour. We have 20 of us going this time. I am so excited. I want to see the coliseum and all those Roman statues. I want to see the art galleries too.”
	“No, I know what you want?” laughed Henry.
	“Don’t be so crude. Okay, I want you too, but I’d marry you no matter where we were, no questions asked.”
	Henry threw his bag along side of hers before they went down stairs to say goodbye to everyone. He encircled her in his arms and whispered, “I love you, Little Bird.” 
	Abe sighed and returned his affection, “I love you to, my personal 100.”
	Henry pulled back, “Where did you hear about that? Have you been speaking with Kabe?” 
	“Henry, calm down. I heard Mom talking about it with your mom. They were saying that if the U.S. had some 100s that could stop terrible things from happening to us. That’s all. And I do believe you are one. Why? What has Kabe to do with this?”
	“He asked me if I was a 100, and I wouldn’t answer him. He wanted to know if I would help if called on.”
	“And?”
	“I said, maybe.”
	“Maybe, of course, you’d help,” replied Abe hugging him again.
	“I would?” asked Henry.
	“Of course, you would. That’s just the kind person you are. Helping someone is exactly what you would do. Did he have anything in mind?”
	“No, he mentioned that the U.S was going to be attacked soon by some EvoS but nothing more. It was all sort of fuzzy.”
	“He wouldn’t tell anyone about you, would he?” she asked.
	“No, he promised to keep my privacy.”
	“He is a good man, but so are you, Cutie. Now, let’s go to Rome, look at statues, get married, and have some little EvoS.”
	“Great idea! Can I just skip all the first parts?”
	“Probably, but not without me! Can’t get the milk unless you own the cow. That sounds gross, doesn’t it? Come on, let’s get going.” 

Are We There, Yet?
	“Are we there, yet?” asked Abe poking Henry in the side laughing.
	Flying at 20,000 feet, American Airlines was only an hour from the Italian coast. At 30 minutes out, the pilot announced, “We are coming down to 15000 feet and will be in position for a moderate descent into the Rome Airport. 
	Suddenly, the plane lurched and shuttered. The air masks fell from the compartments and food trays threw food in all directions. Abe grabbed Henry and squealed loudly. 
	“What in the heck was that?” asked Abe.
	“I don’t know. Whatever it was, it didn’t sound good.”
	The pilot pulled on the throttle with everything he had while his copilot did the same.
	“What’s wrong with this plane? I’m pulling it up, and it’s turning to the right. I turn it to the left, and it is still pulling to the right. I’m not in control. It’s as if someone else is flying this thing. What in the heck is going on?” 
	The copilot screamed at the throttle, “You stupid piece of crap! Do what you’re supposed to do!”
	The tower contacted the pilot, “What in the world are you doing? You are way off course. You’re heading back to downtown Rome. You are way too low. You are just about level with another oncoming Emirate Airlines that is getting ready to circle and land. Look out your window. You are so close that you can probably see the eyes of the pilot. Do you understand?”
	“I can’t get it under control! I am not in control of the plane! I am not in control of the plane!”
	Henry looked out the window and directly into the eyes of Barakah as he stared out the nearby plane. The Emirate Airlines pilot stared in shock at American Airlines 505 flying beside him only 100 yards away. 
Barakah’s plane was filled with thirty children. In fact, they were very calmly sitting with their hands up relaxed in their laps. They were being directed by Barakah. They had practiced this thousands of times. They used their thoughts to back Barakah’s mind by agreeing with his thoughts. Barakah was in control of the Henry’s plane while the pilot of their plane was doing what he was supposed to do, landing it. It was business as usual except this stupid American Airline’s plane flying right beside him.
	“Please, air control! Please, redirect this plane out of our air space. He is flying level with us. Right beside us! Do you understand? Right beside us!”
	 “American Airlines 505, you are off course! You are flying too close to the Emirate Airlines 674. You are off course and in danger. Stop! You are going way to close by dropping to your descent level. You must pull up! You must gain control of your plane! You must gain control of your plane!”
	The pilot pulled a slip of paper out of his pocket. “Steve, we are out of control. I don’t know what’s happening, but we need help. I have this note from a man called Dr. Kabe. He said that if I have a problem that I’m to ask for Henry to help. I think it’s time to find Henry. Look at the roster. Row 5 left seat 54.”
	The pilot walked down to the aisle toward Henry and Abe. As he approached, Henry sensed this was about him. He straightened up in his seat as the pilot came to him and knelt down beside him in the aisle. 	
	“What can I do for you?” Henry asked.
	The pilot reached out and touched Henry’s arm. “Son, I have a problem,” he whispered. “We are not in control of this plane. In fact, someone or something else is. It looks like we are headed straight for downtown Rome. I mean if anything it looks like this plane is getting ready to land on top of the coliseum convention center. We are going to fly right into the convention center at the busiest time of the day. I have a gut feeling about this. We have been turned into a 911 weapon. I have a note from Dr. Kabe that you might help. This is a long shot. Is there anything you can do?”
	Abe heard it and started crying into Henry’s shoulder. This is not how she wanted to end her live before she could even start it with Henry. She suddenly felt the same impression that the pilot had. 
	“Yes, I’m guessing that this is about a group of 4s and 5s with someone else that may be a 10 controlling the plane. You are right. This is a weapon. Henry, look over at that plane. Do you see that little guy staring at us from the third window? Look at those others who look like they are sleeping. They aren’t. They are meditating and giving that little guy their concentration. They are the ones doing this. Give me your hand, Henry.”
	Henry reached out, and then changed his mind. He removed his glasses and so did Abe, then they held hands. Henry seemed to know exactly what to do. 
	“Push it up, Abe. Up, as far from this plane as possible. Send so much white noise to them first that they can’t even think. Interrupt their concentration. Break them up into little pieces. I have a feeling that that little boy is not a 100 so he needs all the rest to do this. Between us, we are at least 150 or more. Now!”
	Barakah heard the other kids groaning, and his concentration was leaving him. Henry’s plane lurched upward for a minute, but Barakah yelled at the others, “Give me your concentration. Don’t let it break!”
	Several kids fell out onto the floor clutching their heads in pain as Henry pushed at them asking only to break the connections. Abe felt that her head would explode with the effort, and Henry looked at her while blood trickled down from her eyes, but she held on. Henry pushed at the others so hard that some never got up after falling into their aisle, stone dead. Their brains had exploded in pain and some were in seizures. Barakah kept trying to break the pressure he was feeling in his head, but he couldn’t. Suddenly, his plane started lifting up at an alarming angle. Henry’s plane broke loose from their descent and path, then veered away towards the airport, finally under control. 
There was a victorious shout from the copilot as the pilot slapped Henry on the shoulder and ran for the front cabin. They both pulled at the controls and pushed the plane as far from the other as possible. Still, Barakah may not have been a 100, but he was still powerful. He buffeted Henry’s plane so hard that they felt they were in a hurricane. The updrafts kept hitting them so hard that the plane bounced around like a giant bouncing ball. 
Henry stated, “Abe, we have to push their plane so far away that it can’t do this to us. Please, send it to the moon. Please, help me!”
Tears ran down their faces mingled with those trickles of blood from their ears and eyes. Finally, Abe passed out and slumped over into Henry’s lap while Henry continued. 
Barakah spoke to Henry. “I know what you are doing. I cannot defeat you, and I give up. We were to crash your plane into the convention center where you infidels were to have your gathering. I have failed my father and Allah. I have failed to cause you harm. I am a disgrace to my peoples.”
There was then only silence. After, the Emirate Airline’s plane shot up even more without resistance. Barakah felt his plane lifting at a sharp angle, and the pilot felt the nose pointing straight up towards heaven. 
The pilot screamed, “I cannot control this plane. It is going straight up! I cannot control this!”
The plane would not stop and kept going up while the American Airline’s plane finally settled into a normal flight pattern. The Emirate Airline did not. The oxygen masks fell down, then the plane started falling and tumbling out of control. There was not enough oxygen in the atmosphere to let the plane continue to lift. The jet engines shuttered and groaned to a stop. The pilot passed out, but it was now in a dead fall back to earth. 
As the plane fell passed 10,000 feet, Barakah came to. He was strapped into his seat as he watched the other children lying over their seats and on the floor. Many bounced from floor to ceiling like a ping pong balls out of control. Barakah pushed his mind onto the pilot’s, “Start the engines again. Start the engines. I will help.”
The pilot came to and shook the co-pilot awake, “We must get control of the plane. Together, we might do this.”
Within minutes, then engines fired up, then just as the plane rolled again so that they were right side up, the pilot and co-pilot pulled and managed to stop it from tumbling again. Barakah pushed at the plane to remain level. He pushed at the descent and thought the plane into a slow motion fall. He was slowing their plane almost to an idle speed while the engines were operating at top speed. 
He sent a message to the pilot, “Now, let me have the plane. I will bring it down. Slow the engines down manually and let me have the plane.”
To the shock of the co-pilot, the pilot slowed the engines down to an almost a stall. “What are you doing? What are you doing? You will kill us all!”
“No, the boy has the plane. He will land it. You see, it is leveling completely off, and we are gliding perfectly. You see we are heading to those open fields. We are under his control. Let him have the plane. Let him have it!”
“I will not let some kid do this. Are you crazy?” he yelled as he pushed the engines to top speed only to have the speed slowed down again by Barakah.
“You are the one who is going to kill us! Let him have the plane. He is an EvoS. A powerful EvoS. He can do this better than we can.”
The co-pilot yelled back, “No!”
When he did, the pilot pulled out his handgun and shot the co-pilot through the temple, then said, “I said let him have the plane.”
The pilot, then sent Barakah a mind message, “If you are going to land this thing, then you better do it now. We just cleared the woods and have three miles of open fields in front of us. Bring it down two hundred feet every five seconds. Do that ten times, then level it out flat with flaps down. No wheels, just a belly landing.”
Barakah heard, then concentrated and felt several of the other children giving him their help. There were 15 children who were finally coming to and joined in with him. The pilot was watching the landing now and giving Barakah tips to make the right adjustments. 
“Up, level, right, now, down again, level, left a little now down again, level and nose up a little. Soft landing, cushioned landing, pillow landing, easy landing, hold, hold, stop.”
The landing was like landing on a mattress with just a little swish and push down, then a small spring up and stop.
Barakah announced to the others, “We must get out of here. We have to find a way to get to the coast about ten miles from here. My father will send help for us there. How many of us are alive, count off?”
The answers came back one at a time, “One here, little Jeremiah, Isman, the twins.” Barakah and the others cried in pain to see their friends not moving, not breathing, with snapped necks and open head wounds. 
“Can we all move?” he asked. 
“My leg is broke. Someone help me,” answered one.
“My arm is broke, but I can move if someone catches me when I slide,” answered another.
Children were covered with blood from flying debris when the plane had rolled and were hit with trays and luggage. They squeezed their way out of the plane followed lastly by the pilot. 
“Where are you all going? We should wait here for rescue. Someone will come soon enough. Stay here, but let’s get away from the plane in case there is a fire.”
Barakah answered for all of them, “We were sent to send that other plane into the convention center. They know that by now. You stay here. We have to get away. I have sent a message to our friends who will meet us shortly at the coast. Please tell them nothing. I promise you that those of us who are left are not done making the world pay for what they have done against Muslims everywhere. We are not done at all. You tell them for us and me that we will succeed next time. Next time, no Henry will be around to save you.” 
The pilot dropped to the ground, then sat not saying anything. He was heartbroken for the other children who lay dead in the plane, then thought in regret he should have let the plane crash and kill everyone instead of doing what he did to the co-pilot. Suddenly, he ran to the cockpit, dragged the co-pilot out into the main compartment of the plane, then lit a lighter and threw it into the plane while running for cover. Leaking petrol and fumes from gas lines sent the plane into the air like a Roman torch. 
The pilot ran after Barakah, “It was a mistake our making it. Yours too. Here, take this gun and throw it into the ocean. I’m not taking the wrap for killing anyone. Now, get out of here and consider something other than revenge. Grow up to live in peace, please.”
Barakah took the gun, then turned back toward the pilot and answered matter of factly, “No.”
He fired five times into the pilot watching him crash to the ground. He lifted the pilot into the air and threw him right on top of the co-pilot before there was another explosion sending debris flying for hundreds of feet into the air. 
	“Ibrahim, one of the children that was left behind because he got sick before the mission just heard from Barakah. They are on the coast waiting for us to pick them up. They are only miles from where we were to get them. We can be there in minutes. We failed, but most of the children are alive. We lost fifteen of them.”
	“Send the men to pick them up. We will have another time to do better. We must learn from our mistakes. We will get stronger and better. We will return. This time, we will attack the American homeland. We will not fail. Praise to Allah!”
	“Praise to Allah,” shouted his men.	
It was not long after that the world also knew that something dramatic had happened. It was rumored that the Emirate Airlines Plane was loaded with Muslim children who were intent on destroying 911-style a convention full of American and European children. No one could really understand how it was to take place. American Airlines kept their close-call a secret and reported their findings only to the U.S. government.  
	Abe came-to moments after Barakah first went silent. She looked over at Henry, then smiled weakly while wiping her face clean with a towel. He knew what happened. In his mind, he saw it all. He was happy and sad for the other children, but equally sad for what he saw as a terrible threat to the free world from those who survived. It was almost too much for him as he wept into Abe’s arms in an effort to escape from the drama of it all. 
	Abe consoled him, “You did what you had to do. We both did. You saved so many lives today.”
	“That’s not good enough. We have to find a way to stop us EvoS completely. We are a threat. I want to get with Kabe and join the government in helping us stop our kind from doing any more harm. We just can’t let this continue.”
	Abe felt the reality of what she was hearing. Henry was making a lot of sense. She saw the danger about other EvoS. They just could not count on human kindness to reign when so much power was in so few hands. 
	“I agree. I’m there with you. Let’s get back with Kabe and see what we can do to help. We’ve seen the worst of it, now. Now we know. We are not innocent anymore and never will be. We also have blood on our hands and need to do this to make amends. Somehow, someway.”
	Kabe heard about the event, but the details were still rather sketchy. He knew who was responsible for saving the plane and those of the convention. He knew. What he also knew was the rest of the note to the pilot said, “Do not let anyone know what kind of help you got from Henry. Not a soul.” The pilot kept his secret. 
	Colbert called Kabe, “Did you really sic a 100 on a plane full of 4s and 5s, with whatever else was there?”
	“Yes, and will do it again if I ever get a chance,” replied Kabe angrily. He felt that Colbert was judging him. He knew he did the right thing. He had told Colbert about Henry being possible help, but no one expected something this drastic. 
	Abe and Henry leaned against each other as they left the plane. They pretended the relief of being saved by some unknown entity, but the pilot approached them when no one was listening. 
	“I know what you did. Thank you. I will never tell anyone your secret. I just want you to know how grateful I am for what you did. I know you feel remorse, but know this that you did what, you had to do.”
	A committee greeted Abe and Henry with the rest of his group. Once Abe and Henry were settled in, then came their own ceremony. They approached the priest of a nearby cathedral. 
	“I am Henry, and this is Abe. We want to be married in this cathedral before we go home. Can you help us with that?”
	The priest nodded in agreement and took them aside to talk with them about the ceremony, “You must consider what you are doing. You certainly look like you are like kind. Chips off the same old block as you Americans say. Come with me, and I will do the Eucharist and the ceremony here and now. Come with me.”
	The priest grabbed a local who always came to visit at noon, then used him as a witness. They stood before the great cathedral walls and cross, then gave their oaths. This is exactly what they wanted. 
	“Well, do you feel any different?” asked Henry after the ceremony.  
	Abe said simply, overcome by the emotion of it all, “Yes, and I plan to feel even better later.” She laughed and giggled at the anticipation. 
	“We need to go home and remain being normal for awhile, other than getting with Kabe. We need to figure out a way to avoid anything that sounds and smells like drama until we both can settle down. At least, we know what we have to do. We have to be part of stopping the worst of us from doing harm.”
	The convention lasted another two days while Rome shuddered under the near catastrophe, then the catastrophe that did happen by listing all of the children as dead at the scene. The fire left nothing but ashes, and it took six hours before they could get it under control. They assumed that the explosions from fuel and oxygen tanks completely destroyed many of the corpses. The Fagan government requested that a memorial be established in honor of the dead. After all, these kids were their people. Nothing was ever mentioned from any government about a terrorist attack, but everyone knew. 
	Barakah and the children saw the fishing trawler coming close to the coast heading their way. Just as they were within shouting distance, the captain raised the Taliban flag, then shouted for them to swim out to the boat. Several rescue boats were launched to pick up the wounded. The pickup took less than 20 minutes; and hours later, they were all taken to the mother ship; then hours later, they were home under the care of the Taliban doctors in the Ghazal Valley. 
	Ibrahim patted Barakah on the shoulder and comforted, “You did well. I am proud of you. No one could have done any better under the circumstances. We will try again.”
	Barakah stated simply with a tear running down his face, “Yes, we will,” then fell into the embrace of Ibrahim and his mother. 
	Barakah pulled away for a minute, “The boy was a 100. I read his mind. His name is Henry. We have to find all the 100’s and kill them. I want to be the one who kills Henry. All by myself.”
	Ibrahim nodded, “Take whoever you want. Find him. Kill him and his family. All of them. To the glory of Allah!”
	They all announced, “To the glory of Allah.”
	Ibrahim commented, “I think it is time for you to go to school in America. I think that is the first place you need to start. We will make arrangements for you to stay with your Uncle Vatesh. He has been building a small camp of our people to carry out acts in the local area. He will be glad to have the help of an EvoS like you.”




Coming Together
	“Dr. Colbert, you an Dr. Kabe are the EvoS experts here. That is why we called you in,” stated the President, then the President nodded to the rest as they all nodded in agreement. 
	“If you say so, Sir. I am still scared of what our government is doing and concerned about the rights of the EvoS everywhere,” Colbert stated simply while looking around at those with him. He knew that those at the meeting were important, but he was absolutely uncertain with some of them the why and how.
	“Rights, rights, how about survival in the face of EvoS who want to kill the American way of life? What about just plain innocent people? I have called each of you in to build a team to find a way to defeat the threat while you, Dr. Colbert, of course with Dr. Kabe, will be assigned to make sure EvoS rights are protected under our constitution. You two are the guardians of their rights. Does that make you feel any better?”
“Yes, Kabe and I can look after those rights. I am confident. Of course, if it had not been for officers Adams, Charles, and Alice; we would still have high level EvoS at research facilities.”
The President grimaced at the reminder. That was a thorn in his side that almost got him impeached, at least sitting before congress trying to explain it all. He actually couldn’t explain and handed General Gordon over to them on a platter: sacrificial lamb, so to speak. 
The President pointed to Adams, Charles, and Alice complimenting them, “Congrats on your help with freeing the EvoS from our testing centers. If it hadn’t been for your concern over what we were doing, then we may have carried that testing too far.” 
“Yes, of course, Dr. Colbert, thanks for reminding me about that mistake. I can do without those kinds of barbs if you don’t mind,” the President sparked back.
Colbert ducked his head slightly while Kabe patted Colbert’s near shoulder in assurance, then replied, “Yes, Dr. Colbert and I will make sure nothing goes wrong on either side, EvoS or politics.”
The President nodded, then put out his hand to Colbert and Kabe to shake on it. Just a way to let them know there were no hard feelings, but the President would have had them shot if he had his way.
“Oh, by the way, thanks for bringing Sally and Ralph to join us. According to you Dr. Colbert, Sally and Ralph make quite a good team. You just got married a week ago. Congrats.”
	Sally and Ralph stood beside him while Kabe was to his far left, then Henry and Abe were to his far right. Charles and Alice were back in uniform and standing quietly behind them all. Alice reached out and held affectionately to Charle’s hand while he winked back at her, then gently squeezed her fingers. Finally, there was John representing everything high-tech. He knew that he was ready for an exciting opportunity by bringing his own techno advances that would become essential for this team’s success.
	“I understand that Sally and Ralph will be managing your training for your team on the Lake Elbow premises with the help of Officers Charles and Alice.” 
	General Langley (General George’s replacement) stepped forward to address the group, “You are going to be our best hope to battle against rogue EvoS. You will also be in contact with John and his think tank. He has developed technology to enhance and protect all of you. Between you all, we are going to target and find the terrorist EvoS. By the way, John has developed new technology that allows for visual enhancement of each of you to change the way you look and let your EvoS talents hold your different looks together. You will look like those you are hunting for. Kind of spooky, right?”
	The President asked, “What does your team want to be called?”
	General Langley laughed, then asked, “What does that have to do with anything?”
	The President grimaced, “Are you laughing at me, General?”
	General Langley ducked his head in submission, “No, Sir, it just caught me off guard. That is a good question.”
	Abe jumped in, “How about the Evolutionaries?”
	Alice contributed, “It needs to be shorter.”
	“We can be a Cerberus pack!” exclaimed Henry.
	“What is the heck does that mean?” asked the General.
	“You know the Greek mythical wolf with two heads. We have our own look, the one that John is going to get us. Two heads. Two looks,” answered Henry.  
	“Cute,” stated Charles.
	“We aren’t cute. We supposed to be soldiers. Soldiers aren’t cute!” exclaimed the General.
	The President stated simply with authority, “It is appropriate. Appropriate is fine. John, you have stated that your technology is complete on this. Are you sure it will work?”
	“I’ve been working on it for years. It is done with an implant and allows even those without EvoS abilities to communicate with their minds as long as the device is synched. It is inserted into the chest and acts with Bluetooth technology. You may not know it, but the U.S. marines have been using it for the last six months in test mode. The cloaking operates together with the same device. It gives us a big advantage.”
	“I did not know that. General, why didn’t I know that?” asked the President.
	“It was a test. I had not heard that it had been cleared, yet,” answered the General. 
	The President wanted to change the subject being just a little embarrassed by his not knowing, “Then a Cerberus pack you are. You will not be a team or a squad. You will be The Pack, an EvoS pack, a Cerberus pack. Great!” 
General Langley shrugged his shoulders in a give-up move, and the rest did high fives with hugs. 
	Henry asked, “When do we leave?”
	Kabe answered this time, “You’ll be fitted and equipped at the John’s Think Tank in two days and leave for Lake Elbow, then after you are fully trained, just a short visit to Afghanistan to see how well your pack works together. You will be attempting to find and identify terrorist EvoS. It’s as simple as that. No confrontation, just identification. Charles and Alice will be coordinating between our military and you all to find the bad guys. It might surprise you that Sally here is essential in protecting you all with your help against any unwelcome external attacks. She has some talents, as do you all, that work well together.”
 
We Know You’re Coming
	Barakah spoke to his father, “They are coming. I hear them. They are going to be looking for us. Henry is coming to. I hear them. They do not look the same. They are like a two-headed dog. I do not know what that means, but trust me, Dad. They are coming.”



Henry Junior, Two Years Later
	Abe commented, “Henry, Uncle Kabe, did you see what Henry Junior did? He picked the cat up, spun him around in the air, then tossed him across the room with a soft landing by his litter box.”
	Henry asked, “How?”
	Abe answered, “Just like a 100 would.”
	Kabe answered, “Just like a 1000 would.”	
“Okay, here we go, again,” laughed Abe. 

