Modi Operandi

Henchmen, Minions and Other Assorted Underlings

By

Conor Robinson

*******

Published by

Conor Robinson on Smashwords
Copyright 2014

Learn more about my work at
www.authorconorrobinson.com

*******

Chapter 1

Breakfast was something of a relief to Beth Belontalus. While she knew that many of her co-workers struggled through the early morning hours, she found the brief quiet time before the rush of the day precious. She would wake up ten minutes before her alarm, spending five of them slowly rousing from slumber and the other five daydreaming before reaching over to switch it off. She couldn't even remember which of the three hundred possible buzzer noises she had selected as the alarm itself wasn't really needed; only the certainty that it stood ready if she ever failed to wake.
In her loose fitting night garments she would rise and move to the centre of her small bedroom to begin one of her many routines of stretches, preparing her body for the day ahead.
Next was breakfast, consisting of a nutritious and reasonably priced muesli imported from off-world. It was one of the lesser-known brands and one of the few survivors of her cull to achieve the right balance of expense, nutrition and product reliability. As a stroke of luck she didn't even mind the taste. Pouring it into her bowl she sat at the table in her modest kitchen. Though not a huge fan of cooking, she knew it was a necessary chore unless she wished to incur the expense of an automated food system or eating out all the time. On the white wall before her a vid-screen flickered to life. Its images automatically divided as per her programming to show current news on one side and a digital representation of her itinerary and calendar on the other. The news segment of the screen drew up hot topics that it knew would be of special interest to its owner. This allowed Beth to both keep abreast with the world around her as well as mentally list her tasks for the day as she consumed breakfast, all the while occasionally flicking her gaze to the clock in the bottom left corner of the screen.
At exactly twenty seconds to the hour Beth packed away her breakfast, stripped and entered her pulse shower. The cleansing took its textbook standard five minutes leaving Beth feeling clean and refreshed. Quickly slipping into the outfit she had laid out the previous night and kissing the photo of her father in uniform goodbye, Beth strode out the front door with her small carry pack strapped to her back listening to the reassuring sound of her habitat sealing itself and activating its internal security system.
The corridor outside her habitat was a stark contrast to the clean and sterile world she had transformed her hab into. The once white walls had become a dirty grey over time and the floor was stained in places. No sounds emitted from the surrounding habs, only the small whir of a patrolling anti-vermin sniffer as it zipped past, an older model that still dutifully hunted. Beth paid it no attention as she entered the lift at the end of the corridor. The onboard computer registered her destination and sealed itself off. Most of the other residents of her block worked the late shift in the tran-set station nearby which allowed her a peaceful journey in the morning. As the lift dropped her into the building's depths, Beth used the reflective wall coating to adjust her outfit and ensure she looked presentable. The trip was smooth aside from one soft jolt when her lift carriage swung into a side slot to allow an ascending lift to sweep past.
Reaching her destination, Beth exited into a wall of noise. People were chattering amiably as a PA system barked out announcements adding its officious computerised voice to the gentle rumble of tran-carriages shifting beneath them. The station was bustling with activity as the hundreds of residents from the hub complex above exited from the banks of lifts around Beth and headed through ticket gates to catch the constantly arriving and departing carriages. They, like Beth, had risen to face another workday here on Prime, heart of the Central Systems.
The ticket gate scanned the implanted chip in Beth's arm and allowed her to pass after recording a small deduction on her travel account. With experience won through practice, she sidestepped and wove past the dawdling and the distracted, bypassed the complacent and confused and reached her designated platform well before her carriage arrived. She used these few moments to plug in her earphones and select an upbeat track that would help prepare her for the busy day.
When the carriage slid up and its doors opened Beth stepped in and expertly placed herself in a seat away from any passenger who might prove distracting. As usual she hid a smile towards the inevitable tardy people who now rushed to catch the carriage before the doors implacably rolled shut. Some made it while others did not. Their small tantrums on the platform outside entertained those within until they slide out of view.
Beth got through another three fast music tracks before the carriage began to slow signalling its approach to their destination. She rose, waiting amongst the others and exited on the green light to find herself yet again in the basement of the Central System Postal Service main office, the primary body for all small unit shipping and courier delivery throughout the entire Central System territories. Caught up in the flood of workers Beth was carried past the CSPS logo statue that dominated the marble steps and through the main doors of the monolithic organisation. Like most of the mega-complex buildings that made up the city of Telsus, named after the first Gssij explorer vessel to map out this system, the towering construct was linked to the vast underground trans-tube network running beneath the city.
Having moved past the ornamental gates, the flood of sentients swarmed through the security line. This simply consisted of a row of light studded poles which each individual sentient needed to pass through, each being scanned by the sensor net laced between them. The pair Beth passed through registered her arm implant that listed her as 'Sector Logistics Director' on the screen of one of the bored security tobs in the sealed booth suspended on the ceiling above. The Ob admired her shock of red hair before going back to his pleximage. Cleared for access to the premises, the security bots hovering nearby remained inactive as Beth was listed as 'on duty' in the buildings massive database along with her time of arrival.
In her four standard cycles with the organisation, Beth had been only listed as 'late' twice. The first occurrence was during a system error when the database accidently swapped a rest ninth day with a working fourth day so that all employees except the cleaning and security staff were listed as absent. The second happened four weeks ago when a massive trans-tube accident shut down thirteen of the potential tunnel routes her carriage could take, leading to an extensive delay. Every other day, just like today Beth was listed as ten minutes early without fail. The mixed robot and sentient lobby staff of the CSPS greeted the incoming workforce with plastic smiles and familiar greetings while directing visitors to relevant departments. Beth moved past and entered the lift marked with her department, sharing smiles and murmured greetings with the familiar faces that joined her.
The lift doors opened onto the organised chaos that was Beth's domain. Office blocks filled with all manner of denizens chattering away into their communication panels as they directed their own little sections of the CSPS's empire. It wasn't really a single floor but several, forming small block towers of four offices surrounding a central stairwell stacked five levels high. The office window looked down onto the offices beneath and small water features far below on the ground floor that gave the place the feel of a small city. At main intersections of the pathways below, display hubs ran constant figures and queries. The central focus point of the whole department was dominated by a massive holographic display reaching up to the distant roof and surrounded by a flurry of walkways and data input stations. Beth nodded back to further smiles of recognition and polite 'good mornings' as she moved to the hub, a single office block of transparent outer glass on motorized adjustable stilts that gave Beth an unparalleled view of the workers around her and the central display. The hub floor was once glass also, until Beth realised during her first standard cycle occupying the office that her many employees walking beneath got a first class view up her skirt: something the entire office failed to inform her about. Using the small control panel built into her desk she reset her preferences, the glass floor responding by momentarily swirling with murk before solidifying into a uniform black.
The door scanner confirmed her identity as she punched in her password and entered her office. Passwords were a rather archaic method of security, a remnant from old earth but Beth's predecessor had it installed and now she was left with the result. Each time she had to waste precious seconds keying in her code, she added it to the total time she had wasted on it. This figure was filed alongside thousands of others she managed to remember perfectly. Inside the office the computer greeted her in its neutral female voice as the calming scent of bilgano plant wafted around her. The plants were another leftover of her predecessor, but a more positive one Beth thought as she breathed in the perfumed air. Her display desk lit up with figures and status reports whilst her whole office ascended to her pre-determined height so she could take in the central holographic display at a glance.
Beth sat, put on her ear-piece and began the meeting. ‘Right gentlemen and ladies, what have we got today?’ As her sub-directors began reporting in with the latest postal figures, disasters, delivery windfalls and notable events, Beth smiled. Her domain, much like her own life, churned efficiently along like clockwork.
Just the way she liked it.

Chapter 2
Kalisstern et Suurtal, master of the dark palm sect and one of the most renowned terrorists in the entire Glesh Nebula, was annoyed. He had the patience for the bumbling of new recruits as they fumbled through their first few months of training. He had the patience for nefarious plots set in motion cycles ago that would take many more cycles to bear fruit. He had the patience to wait for the distant day when his sect would be a recognised power in a dark universe crafted in his own image. But he did not have the patience for these simpletons fate had seen fit to surround him with.
‘Staff meetings’, he thought with disdain. The notion of it was pure idiocy of course, but they had to go through the motions to keep paranoia at bay and everyone from open hostility. The meet was logical except for one fact; for the most part, they couldn’t stand each other.
Reclining in his high backed projectile proof chair, Kalisstern thought back to the beginning when it had just been him and his first few monks. Drawn to this system by a strange signal, they found the Debian Combine base, a vast underground installation already powered and defended by the mad machine. It welcomed his sect and they claimed a small corner as their own, building their temple to the dark mistress, and life had been good. Then others came, drawn by the same promise of a safe haven and too soon the place had filled with other madmen who sought control, respect or wealth. Lately the Debian Combine had grown in size, its ranks swelled by disposed geniuses and talented despots. And now they had to have staff meetings. What a sick galaxy this was.
Looking down the long stone table, a relic retrieved from a raid on a Histaamas temple ship in the Nruth system, Kalisstern regarded the only other seat currently occupied. A young girl, about sixteen cycles old sat playing with a pair of worn teddies. The child's face was devoid of expression, her game with the toys curiously abstract as if she mimicked an activity she didn't truly understand. The child wore a robe that covered most of her body except the face and hands. One hand was soft skin, while the other hard machine. Of her youthful face the right eye was a gleaming bionic, whirring faintly as it zoomed in and out. Its mate was organic, but floating loosely in a glass encasing fixed into the girls face. Half her head was shaved bare showing the studs of brain implants with the other half a messed tangle of scraggly blonde hair.
Kalisstern pushed away the urge to attempt polite conversation. The girl was brilliant in her field and most of Kalisstern's own cyber augmentations a result of her exceptional care, but she was damaged in a fashion that made even small talk an uncomfortable experience.
As Kalisstern contemplated this, shouting erupted from the chambers entrance announcing that the others had arrived and the party was about to get more uncomfortable.
The argument burst into the meeting room an instant later. The plant lover and the death cheater snarled at each other, each instinctively moving to sit on opposite sides of the table. From what was being shouted Kalisstern ascertained that another batch of bio-matter had been stolen from the hippy's labs and she had again decided to blame her nearest neighbour. Both of them inhabited sections of the base well away from Kalisstern’s own quiet corner, yet even he knew of the long-standing feud.
Almost unnoticed another figure slipped in behind the others, moving with a silence that belied his size. The Hammer sat in another free chair and instantly lit up a big dirty cigar. He sent a nod Kalisstern’s way, which Kalisstern ignored.
A quick glance at the ugly clock in the corner told Kalisstern that it was almost time to begin. A pair of clicks to his right told him another two members had arrived virtually, both unable to physically attend this debacle, lucky sods. On the wall behind him two screens had flickered to life, one showing the mad machines burning red eye and the other a pair of glowing embers in a bubbling tank. The artificial intelligence and the tank-held were on time, so Kalisstern mentally ticked them off.
Now there were only three yet to arrive as the clock hit the hour. The absence of the two pretty ones didn't surprise Kalisstern as both had a habit of tardiness, but the third was a concern. The grease fiend was normally punctual so Kalisstern allowed the meeting to sit unstarted for a while longer. The others talked to those they found tolerable and ignored those they did not.
The tension continued to build until finally the door swished open and the pretty ones entered. They traded barbed pleasantries and silk clad blows. The two were venomous creatures and delighted in detesting each other.
With everyone seated the mad machine behind Kalisstern interjected over the hubbub of conversation. “The meeting shall begin. We are one diminished. Where is the oily one?”
The hippy was the first to reply, sneering through her poorly applied lipstick. ‘Who cares? I don't know why we even bother to invite him.’
‘Without his assistance half the machinery in that trash heap you call a lab wouldn't work Kielrew,’ the death cheater, known as Techro, snapped caustically. Ignoring her scowl he directed his next comment to the mad machine. ‘It's possible he wasn't informed about the meeting Red, the data system in his sector has been on the fritz again.’
‘And in mine’ murmured the first pretty one.
‘Well, this is just intolerable’ the second pretty one hissed. Leisure Lucy's voice rolled across the room like honey, as it once had for a much larger audience. Her model perfect body was clad in professional office attire that only enhanced her already formidable features. The honey voice continued, ‘How can we operate under these conditions? I demand something be done about it!’
The eye of Red started at her unblinkingly. ‘The continued maintenance of the data-system falls within the jurisdiction of the young flesh unit here,’
‘Me?’ The machine girl whined petulantly, her teddies forgotten. ‘I'm busy with my own toys. Can't you get the puppets to fix it?’
‘Send in the clones’ sang the first pretty one softly, his roguish face curled into a smile.
Red continued. ‘The TED units are not advanced enough to perform complex system repairs, a matter we have discussed exactly 56 times in past meetings. In the event a task is too complex for a TED unit to complete, it falls on the resident who has the closest affiliated skill set.’
The little girl pouted. ‘What good are the puppets if they can't even fix stuff?’ The weight of steady stares imposed themselves on the girl from around the table. ‘FINE!’ she said petulantly. ‘I'll get to it after the new puppies are finished. I've almost got the lasers built in anyhow.’
The machine continued. ‘Very well, we shall proceed one number diminished and address current issues threatening base cohesion.’ It paused a second before continuing. ‘The issue of the Hammer using the eastern training grounds for combat exercises, despite the grounds being already booked by Doctor Kielrew for the weekend, has led to both of you expending valuable resources battling each other and causing extensive damage to the grounds themselves. Explain yourselves.’
The Hammer spoke around his cigar. ‘Not my fault sir, the training ground didn't have any dummy droids inside and the bitch wouldn't remove her vine creatures even though I asked nicely.’
‘You pig!’ The unwashed woman snapped back. ‘I had booked it. Your thugs hurt my babies. You used fire!’
‘Where were the training dummies?’ Techro demanded.
‘I borrowed them, I needed some new chassis's for testing’ the mechanical girl retorted.
Kalisstern watched the meeting devolve yet again into a shouting match between the four as Red demanded order and the others watching on in amusement. The meeting’s itinerary was long and filled with many more petty issues between the groups represented here. Resource claims, stolen equipment, damaged minions and sabotaged experiments. Accusations and denials filled the air and more than once Kalisstern had to withdraw to his calm place to avoid losing his temper.
Hours later, the meeting was over and the others were finally gone, leaving Kalisstern in peace, but not alone as one of the screens behind him continued to flicker. The mad machine managed an almost human sigh. ‘Base cohesion is at 23.43%. This is an ... un-optimal situation,’ it stated.
‘Indeed.’ The ninja master agreed.
‘A solution to this problem must be found. In its current state the Combine is operating well below acceptable efficiency and this leaves us vulnerable. You were the first to join me here Kalisstern. Many times you have provided sound advice on organic matters. I would ask you to do so again.’
Kalisstern recognised that this was the closest the AI would ever come to saying please. It was an unacceptable word in a den full of those who commanded, not requested. Yet an idea had been forming in his mind as he ruminated during the course of the meeting: a much more productive pursuit than actually paying attention.
‘What we need Red, is an office manager,’ Kalisstern said with a smile.
The mad machine waited for him to continue. ‘Commercial and government entities employ individuals to ensure the smooth running of their organisations. Not someone who’s actually involved in the main purpose of the organisation, but who merely handles its operatives and methods. When you get right down to it the Combine is just another business.’
Red processed this. ‘The others would not accept a ruler. The balance is only maintained by the equality of all at this table.’
‘Yes,’ Kalisstern agreed. ‘So we need someone who isn't like us, not another ego to compete with the already bloated ones here. We need someone capable of focusing on a given task to the exclusion of all else. Someone who has experience controlling strong personalities with subtlety rather than confrontation. And most importantly, someone who will never be a threat to us. Someone who doesn't want to rule.’
Red considered this. ‘Affirmative. I agree with your conclusion, Kalisstern. I shall devote the majority of my free resources to finding a suitable candidate amongst the galactic network.’
With that the screen flicked off leaving the ninja-master blissfully alone. He knew Red would find someone, it always did. The machine always found the right monster for the job. With a wicked smile he almost felt sorry for the poor soul who got stuck with controlling this madhouse.
Almost.

Chapter 3
In a day, Beth would receive dozens of messages from those workers under her, instructions from those higher up in the CSPS and requests from other sector directors who ran their own departments on distant planets. But this message was different. It had no sender, it had no tag and it had no history. It just sat amongst a batch of reports from one of her sub-directors in the Altist system. Beth had almost missed the unassuming file at first. When she did see it, she assessed it as non-critical and shunted it to one side to be handled later. 
With a gentle chime, the end of the first work shift was announced and the department breathed a collective sigh of relief. Beth worked on for another few minutes, taking note on how long it took the young intern to arrive with her meal. She would never berate the young man for tardiness; it was merely habit now to take note of such things. When her lunch did arrive, she dissected it neatly and consumed each piece in the order of taste, from most bland to most bold. Eating the heavily spiced and delicious sushi last meant the taste would remain on her lips long after the meal. 
Seeing she had a few minutes left before the days second work shift began, Beth was again drawn towards the strange message. She reached out and touched the message open, her terminal taking a moment to scan it for malicious content. Inside Beth found no attachments or video, merely a few lines of text. To her surprise it was a job offer, a managerial position for a company out on the fringe worlds, a ‘Plest Shipping Ltd’that she had never heard of before. Beth felt annoyed and deleted the message, wondering how they had found her work address. 
She looked around her world in the post office CSPS? and scowled. She'd spent cycles of her life getting to where she was now, first learning enough to get the job done, then learning enough to make (get the job done?) the job better. She had advanced up the CSPS ladder with most of her promotions a result of her drive and talent. Where talent had failed her, flair for politics and cunning had succeeded. She rarely resorted to sabotage or underhanded methods, but in her mind if she was found to be working under a stubborn and inefficient boss, then it was her duty to the CSPS to replace them with someone better, usually herself. 
Beth knew she was happy here. After reaching the position of Sector Director she could have gone higher, but instead turned down all three offers to the executive board she had received. Any higher in the CSPS and she would be dealing more with politics than real work. Most only thought of the salary bump but Beth knew it was a gilded cage full of hostile co-workers and red tape. She preferred it here in the most important sector department of the whole Central Systems network, a department she finally had running to her own tune. Obsolete systems had been replaced. Lazy or incompetent staff had been weeded out. Archaic methods had come under her inquisitive gaze and those that still had merit remained while all others were culled. There had been resistance, there always was, but Beth had overcome it all and now her Sector had the best figures in the entire CSPS. Plus to top it all off, she was popular. She didn't squeeze her people like other directors to increase productivity, instead putting in place incentive schemes and training that encouraged good work habits and slowly transferred out staff members who consistently underperformed. In the current market there were always more applicants. For those who made the grade, they found a lot of freedom under Beth's command. Eccentricity and outlandish habits were allowable so long as they didn't upset other staff or interfere with the running of the department. This led to a quirky but relaxed office, one that took pride in its efficiency and continued to run with only the rare mishap. 
So why had the job offer bothered her so much? A hand unconsciously moved up to her mouth to surrender a nail to her sharp white teeth. Realising where her right hand was, she clasped it firmly in her left, startled. She hadn't bitten her nails since she was a child back at the Academy. 'Humph,' she grunted. 'What's wrong with me?' Irritated, she mentally pushed the issue away and began on her next shift of work a whole ten seconds early. 
Twenty floors below Kiff Gustarn flicked his screen back to the coding solution as his section supervisor stalked past. He dutifully plugged in a few lines of relevant code and watched the irritable Fheezian disappear around the corner to spy on the others. ‘Third time today’, Kiff noted to himself, but he wasn't bothered. His terminal, like most others in the CSPS had monitoring software installed to ensure staff used the equipment for work purposes only. But this was the System Security department and while Kiff had no problem with monitoring other staff to ensure they weren't slacking off, he felt he was above such things. As one of the overlooked talents in the department, Kiff had bypassed the watchdog program his terminal sported and put its spy monitor on an intuitive loop. Things had been pretty good since this little piece of skull duggery. He kept a relaxed eye on his second screen which displayed two hundred or so tiny work stations throughout the CSPS building assigned to him for monitoring. The main screen he used for a very different purpose. 
Like many other people his age Kiff was a gamer, a hard gamer, addicted some would say. The flavour of this month was 'Teeth and Meat' an old style survival game where you play a human in an abandoned city being hunted by malfunctioning cyber-mastiffs. Kiff preferred playing on his Complete Immersion Rig at home, but here at work the old style terminal game would have to suffice. Kiff knew he could have finished the coding tasks set for him within an hour if he wished, but instead would wait for their deadline so he could spend his workday sating his hunger for digital stimulation.
Game Kiff was currently running over a rooftop, mechanical barks closing in when his terminal screen momentarily flickered. Kiff paused the game and sat back in his chair, his muscles stiff. A power fluctuation? No, he thought as none of his colleagues seemed to have suffered a similar glitch. He flicked his screen back to the coding he'd been working on earlier and froze in shock. 
The coding was finished. In fact, even the sections he'd completed had been rewritten and tightened up. He could see how the redone code was more efficient than his own and incorporated several new features that expanded its functionality extensively. He scrolled down quickly, still unsure of what to make of it. 
A final comment line at the base of the coding had a personal message addressed to him.
'/*You can do better Kiff.*/' 
For the next frantic half hour Kiff scoured his system and found nothing. He knew somebody had invaded his terminal and had used his encryption-protected access to modify the CSPS database, however, he couldn't figure out who they were or how they’d managed it. Aware of his own shaky future with the company Kiff quietly deleted the remaining evidence of the intrusion, submitted the finished program and begun working on next week’s quota of coding. 
He prayed this wouldn't come back to bite him. 
Three floors down an alarm sounded on a terminal in the vast accounts department. The diligent staff member there queried the alarm and followed it back to its source, surprised at what she found. Quickly ejecting a copy of the evidence on a portable chit she hurried over to her supervisor, who upon viewing it quickly rushed to inform his superior. What passed for justice in the CSPS was about to come crashing down on Beth Belontalus.
Chapter 4
Fired.
Obsolete, made redundant, excess to requirements, booted, canned, discharged, dismissed, expelled, let go, given the axe, laid off, sacked, terminated, given notice. Beth had never really understood these terms before, at least beyond an abstract sense. Due to her own culls of the incompetent amongst the CSPS she knew more than a few of her co-workers had become jarringly familiar with such a concept, but for her it had seemed distant, unreal. Getting fired was something that happened to other people. 
Likewise the idea that she was a criminal was equally ludicrous. 
There had to be a mistake. When she had been escorted to the lofty heights of the CSPS building by a pair of human security Obs she had assumed it was some sort of hoax. When she had been escorted into a stately office with the Chairman present alongside several detectives from Central Systems Security she had moved from hoax to terrible mistake. The next few hours went by in a blur, where she was shown evidence and informed of her termination and that she would be under house arrest until her impending court date. 
Something had happened in the accounts database of CSPS, a withered looking technician had told her. Some sort of advanced leech program that quietly drew funds from the retirement plans of high-end executives and after directing them through a few false accounts finally deposited them into one registered under Beth’s name. Upon inspection the CSS team had discovered a vast amount had accumulated, supposedly over several cycles, enough for Beth to live a life of luxury. Beth protested, but the evidence was plain. When CSS security tried to seize the money it had instantly transferred out to an untraceable location. 
The hard-faced detectives dismissed her protests and demanded to know where the money had gone. Upon her repeated protestations that she knew nothing about it, they informed her that handing the money back would encourage the courts to be lenient in her sentencing.
More denials just made them shake their heads. She was told that until the money was recovered, her assets and remaining currency would be frozen. She was to return under escort to her hab and remain there under guard until retrieved for her hearing. 
Afterward Beth stumbled alongside her escort, shame and confusion ruling her mind. She couldn't bear to look at those she passed, many recognising her with surprise as one of the CSPS's finest being marched from the building under guard. From experience, Beth knew the rumours would fly at first, followed by the facts and then the scorn and delight. Scorn from those who were as loyal to the CSPS as Beth and delight from those who now saw their own chance of promotion increase tenfold. When asked if she needed to retrieve anything from her own office Beth gave a panicked negative. She couldn't stand being marched through her own people, her own department. She couldn't bear the shame. 
Beth couldn't remember much of the trip back to the safety of her hab. On the carriage one of the CSS troopers had tried to make polite conversation. Beth guessed that the young woman felt pity for her. For a group of police who were used to dealing with Tref-terrorists, gang lords and drug barons, a small white-collar crime like this must be a refreshing change of pace. They were kind, she would remember afterwards, informing her that her communication to the outside world would be blocked for security reasons and that an appointed representative from the court would be along soon. If she needed anything they said they would be just outside her hab entrance. In a daze, she handed over the key so they could enter if they chose to and bid them farewell. 
When the front door finally slid shut Beth just made it to the bedroom before it all hit her. The tears came as she crumpled to the floor next to her bed, her wail of despair filling the modest abode. She thrashed and tore and screamed, punishing a nearby lampshade and kitla statue. The tantrum went on in fits and bursts for hours as she kicked and screamed like she often had as a child. Pain spiked through her as she dug her well-manicured nails into her palms just to feel something different. When the worst of it passed she curled up on the bed sobbing gently until sleep took her.
Beth Belontalus, ex-Sector Director for the Central Systems Postal Service and now criminal, woke to the sound of a message tone. She ignored it for a while as the memories of yesterday returned along with the sobbing. But it was short lived; she had cried herself dry last night and now found her mind could function again, after a fashion. None of this was a dream and her life was ruined. Everything she had strove and bled for was gone. Her family would be devastated by the news, if they hadn't already heard. The message from her personal terminal was probably her father, mostly likely filled with the mixed emotions of confusion and scorn.
Beth dragged herself over to the mirror and was awarded with a frightful sight. Though not a girl given to putting on much makeup, what she had on yesterday was now smeared over most of her face. Her own image reminded her of the savage tribal's of Old Earth she'd read about when young. The dark and light makeup looked almost like war paint on her hollow-eyed face. She knew she should try to eat, but last night’s despair had become revulsion in the morning and now she didn't trust her stomach to hold anything she put into it. The message tone sounded again and Beth bit her lower lip in fear. Would it be her father, the court, an old workmate?
With trepidation she approached the terminal, gently sat down and looked again at the blinking envelope symbol. She frowned as she remembered what the troopers had said yesterday, before the thud of the closing door had signalled the beginning of her imprisonment. Her communications had been cut off for security reasons. If the troopers wanted to talk to her they could simply knock and enter. The terminal should have been deactivated, and yet there pulsed the bright envelope of new mail. Hesitantly she reached forward and touched it. 
It was a text-only message, no sender address, no subject, nothing beyond a few lines. 
To Administrator Beth Belontalus
After careful consideration we at Plest Shipping LTD would like to offer you… 
Beth's frown deepened, she'd read this before. It was the mysterious message she had received yesterday about the fringe-world job offer. The offer itself was vague, listing only the position, the company it was for and that it was out on one of the fringe-world sectors. 'The Palrn system,' she whispered to herself. The name was unfamiliar. There were no details of wage or benefits; they were listed further down as ‘to be negotiated upon arrival’. 
Maybe it arrived in my inbox before the CSS shut me off from the universe, Beth mulled before glancing at the top of the screen to the date stamp. The message had arrived this morning. 
Her first instinct was to again delete the message and put it from her mind. She was unemployed now and facing trial and didn't think Plest Shipping would be interested in hiring a criminal. In a brief reply message she outlined her current circumstances and noted it was unlikely she would be free to pursue employment in the foreseeable future. She hit send and was about to get up when her message icon blinked again.
Surprised, she opened it to find a reply, just as mysterious as the last, stating that Plest Shipping Ltd was aware of her current circumstances and could help. If she accepted the position they would assist her with the quick resolution of her current predicament and would like her to start immediately. 
Now Beth was a tad suspicious. Even if Plest Shipping returned an equal sum of credits to that which had gone missing from the CSPS, Beth would still receive some form of punishment in the courts. Maybe this Plest Shipping would have the courts release her under a community service contract so the strange company could gain her skills for a fraction of the wage she would have demanded under normal circumstances. 
'Clever,' she mused to herself. 
At the base of the message two buttons blinked, a 'yes' and 'no' to the current offer. Beth considered it. She disliked her lack of information about this phantom employer, but then again she had little choice. Though not overly familiar with the justice system, she knew her supposed crime would likely warrant a term of incarceration. The idea of going to one of the asteroid prisons terrified Beth and she'd do anything to avoid it. 
Biting her lip again she closed her eyes, reached out and hit the blinking 'yes' button. 
Nothing happened. Not sure what she had been expecting after such a life changing decision, Beth opened her eyes again and found a single line of text thanking her for her decision and that a representative of Plest Shipping would be along shortly to discuss her new contract further. 
Beth released an explosive breath she hadn't realised she'd been holding.
A knock sounded from the door behind her. Rising, she glanced again at the shamble of her appearance and made a futile attempt to detangle her hair. Giving up, she touched a panel and the habs main door slid open. Standing in the doorway with one of the CSS troopers at his shoulder was smartly dressed man carrying a business briefcase. Striding boldly through the door a plastic smile broke across his face and he held out a welcoming hand. 
“Good afternoon Miss Belontalus, my name is Ted. I'll be your court appointed attorney for next week,” he said with gusto, as if reeling off a favourite line from a script. Behind him the bored looking security trooper nodded once at Beth and moved to stand against the wall, letting the habs door slide shut again. Obviously Beth and her new attorney were not to be given the privilege of privacy. 
Beth took the strangers hand, finding his skin felt thin and papery. Without asking, he moved to the kitchens small dining table and put his briefcase on it, fiddling with the its clasps, his back to the trooper. Beth went to sit down opposite him, barely hearing his babble about the upcoming court date and how they would have to carefully go over her case. She wondered whether she should mention her acceptance of the Plest Shipping offer, especially in front of the nearby security trooper. 
It turned out she needn't have worried.
With a smile of triumph Ted snapped open the briefcase and before Beth could react, he turned and shot the CSS trooper. The uniformed man crumpled to the floor like a rag doll. Just as quickly Ted did something to her habs door control as Beth watched on in horror. The soft 'whump' of the habs front door locking was followed by shouts of surprise from outside then by the sound of an impact. The smartly dressed assassin returned to the dining table and firmly shook Beth by the shoulder.
“Miss Belontalus,” he said urgently. “We must hurry. That door won't hold them for long.”
Still in shock, Beth rose dumbly and followed the man to her bedroom. He clutched his gun in one hand whilst the other held a small circular object he had retrieved from his briefcase. It had been cycles since Beth had seen anyone die and the brutal killing of an officer of the law in her home nearly pushed her over the edge. The only thing that kept her walking was the rising terror that she was now locked in her hab with an armed stranger. Back during CSPS threat training, all staff had been taught that during the course of a terrorist attack on the building, staff members were to comply with the attackers wishes and wait for law enforcement personnel to arrive. This training, along with a survival instinct she hadn't called on in cycles, made her follow Ted into the bedroom. 
Once here he placed the small circular object he'd brought with him against the back wall. To Beth he muttered, “It's lucky you happened to purchase a hab that was positioned against the outer wall of this building Miss Belontalus. Otherwise retrieving you would have been much more difficult.”
Inside Beth's mind something clicked. “Oh my god! You're from Plest Shipping aren't you?”
Instead of replying, Ted grabbed her roughly by the shoulders and threw her down behind the bed, landing beside her a second later. The world filled with a roaring sound, followed by the rushing of air as bits of plastic and plaster rained down on the pair. Looking up over the bed, Beth found her bedroom wall had been transformed into a gaping hole, hundreds of kilometres up looking out onto a sea of clouds and other atmosphere scrapers. 
Specs could be seen flying in the sky around these towering buildings, each one a grav cab of some description. One of these specs detached from lines of traffic below and approached the ruptured wall at speed. As Ted pulled Beth up and towards the hole, the spec grew larger to take on the form of a taxi, its tattered paint job demonstrating its out-dated status. As it drifted up in front of the hole, the passenger door opened and a masked individual leaned out on a tether harness strap to hold out a hand to Beth. 
Behind her, the lawyer shoved and Beth instinctively grasped the proffered hand rather than plummet into the clouds below. It gripped her with painful strength and hauled her unceremoniously into the taxi, to be followed a moment later by Ted. In a pile on the floor Beth screamed at the sound of gunfire, shots coming from the CSS men who had finally broken through her hab's door and now fired from her bedroom at the retreating grav taxi. 
The taxi door slid shut and Beth felt the acceleration push her against the floor as the driver lost any pursuit in the traffic haze and cloud cover. A hand reached down and helped Beth onto one of the seats. Beside her, Ted was gripping his shoulder in pain, blood soaking his suit from a shoulder wound as he slapped on the bandage offered by his masked companion. The blood was orange. The masked man exchanged a few words with Beth's dubious rescuer before turning to her and pulling off his mask. 
Beth blinked at the man, finding he was Ted, or rather looked exactly like the suited man sitting beside her. She looked back and forth between them finding they were mirror images of each other. The second Ted smiled at her as he nonchalantly sprayed something onto her face.
Before Beth could begin asking the hundred or so questions she had, the stun chemicals raced through her system and her vision faded.

Chapter 5
“She doesn't look like much,” one muttered.
“What is she?” queried another voice.
“Not sure, the local ankle biters had her under guard when 648 snatched her,” a third replied. “They had a squad on her front door watching the place.”
“Difficult. Did he slag any of them?”
“Might have got one, but the shot was a little low. You know how 648 gets when he's nervous.”
“Heh yeah. Though he did well getting past them in the first place.”
“What cover did he use?” asked the second.
“The old ‘defence attorney’ lark.”
“Ha! A classic.”
“She's waking up lads, look alive.”
The voices weren't far away, Beth decided as she groggily tried to open one eye. This turned out to be a mistake as the sharp bolt of pure headache ripped into her mind. She coughed at the foul taste in her mouth. Finally succeeding in opening her eyes she looked down to find her wrists bound with a pair of functional looking handcuffs and her body clad in a nondescript spacer garb. 
Looking around she took in the sealed compartment and rows of passenger seats arrayed around her. With her bare feet she could feel the shudder and jump of turbulence through the deck beneath, telling her she was on board a space ship… somewhere. An old one if the strength of the quaking was anything to go by. Newer jump drives could blink out with barely any noticeable effects. Three of the seats around her were occupied. After a second she gasped in shock as she identified what was wrong with the picture they presented. They were all identical to each other, a perfect match: grey eyes, brown hair, medium build and a waxy purple tinge to the skin common amongst cloned food and meat products.
“Tea?” one asked, handing her a cup. 
Still groggy Beth reached out to accept “Why thankyo-” then everything came back to her in a flash and with a scream she slapped the cup to the floor.
“Get away from me!” she shouted at him. 
The three strangers drew back, looking both fearful and confused. One was about to speak when a voice from the far end of the compartment cut him off. “Right lads, I see she's awake then.” 
Despite her furiously churning mind Beth still noted the effect this voice had on the three clones was instantaneous. They drew back in deference, allowing the owner of the voice to approach Beth alone. He seemed just another replica of the other three until she noted his stance. The other three had a slumped posture of servitude, but this man stood ramrod straight with a confident set to his shoulders. Reaching down he retrieved the discarded cup and handed it to one of the others saying ‘Brew us all up a cuppa, eh mate?’ This replica nodded happily and wandered out of the compartment’s rear door.
Lowering himself into the chair opposite her, Beth began noting other differences in this man from the other. He was a tad more heavily built and had several old burn scars on the back of both of his hands. To Beth he spoke in a voice remarkably more articulate than his fellows. “Now I know you'll have plenty of questions rattling around in that head of yours, but before you rush into it let me sum up your situation. You are currently aboard a cargo ship heading to the Outer Fringe. The ship’s name means nothing as it gets changed on a regular basis along with its ID chip. Before coming here you were stripped of your position in the CSPS and were under house arrest by the CSS local ankle biters before our extraction team managed to get you out. From there we had to stun you to ensure you didn't go into hysterics. Sorry, but it is standard procedure.” 
“And fun!” said one of the doubles, causing their leader to roll his eyes before he continued. “From there the extraction team evaded pursuit and smuggled you Off-World and onto this crate of a ship. Right now we are approaching our destination where you will meet your new employer.”
The veteran administrator deep inside Beth began to assert itself over her fears. She'd dealt with back-breaking deadlines, mail bomb threats and no less than three terrorist attacks on her office over the cycles. She accepted the data just given to her, disseminated it and asked the next obvious question. “Who is this employer?”
The man nodded in approval at her quick reply. “They have contacted you already under the name Plest Shipping which is actually a legitimate front for the real organisation.” With a wicked grin he said, “you have been accepted into the Debian Combine my friend, congratulations.”
“Never heard of them,” Beth replied as her brain tried to catch up with events.
The man nodded in understanding as he accepted a cup of stewing liquid from the returned duplicate. Beth politely declined while her captor continued. 
“The Combine is a secret organisation, at least to the general public of the Central Systems. We do have plenty of dealings with their affiliated intelligence and enforcement agencies, however,” he said with an evil chuckle that was echoed by the others.
Beth considered this. “So you're criminals then,” she said, disgust underlining each word. 
A few of the duplicates around her looked annoyed, but the leader simply nodded. “To many in the Central Systems we are considered criminals. But if you escape the thick web of lies that those wealthy systems comfort themselves with you'll hear a very different story.” The shuddering in the deck around them took on a different tone, noted by her captors. “However, we've almost arrived so you can ask the masters about that yourself when you meet them.”
Standing, he indicated at one of the duplicates who held out a bundle. “Your original clothes were pretty ratty when they brought you onboard, so they put you in that jumpsuit. But for a meeting with the masters you'll need something a bit more formal, especially if you want to impress.” He indicated for the others to follow him out. “We'll leave you in peace to get changed.”
After the door had closed behind them, Beth searched the room looking for a convenient air duct to escape out of or a weapon of some kind she could hide just like in the old spy vid-shows, but her search turned up nothing. Rather put out at the way the fictional world had lied to her, she stomped into the change cubicle and examined the outfit. Surprisingly it turned out to be an expensive blue affair, professional attire that edged more on the side of sexy than practical for Beth’s own tastes. She was also a little suspicious that the outfit might have been a size too small for her, a rather sad tactic some women employed and which Beth had only been tempted to try twice, once at her after-graduation party from the Academy and later at a big office function where one of her superiors she’d been romantically involved with suggested the outfit. 
A blush crept onto her face as she squeezed into the tight assemblage. She watched her cleavage increase as the bodice fabric strained to contain her usually modest bust. The blush only deepened as she realised the duplicates would have seen even more than the outfit allowed earlier when changing her into the spacer garb. The feelings of shame and mild violation shuffled up to stand alongside the chorus of other emotions that bounced around her mind. 'How dare they’, she grated as the shame morphed into anger. Ignoring the protest of the clasps at the back of her shirt Beth stormed out of the compartment into the empty corridor beyond and marched into the nearest open doorway she could see. This she discovered had been a small storage compartment that now served as a makeshift medical station, the single bed occupied by a duplicate with his arm in a sling. 
Beth hazarded a guess at which of the duplicates he was. “You!” she yelled at him.
Panic stricken, the duplicate scrambled away from her, pain flashing across his face as he bumped his injured arm. “Now, now, now look m..miss, just calm down. We didn't mean any harm!”
Beth advanced on the injured man, enjoying the situation. She'd felt helpless the past hour, just as much as she'd done when she had been fired from her job, which she now realised was also their fault. Finally she could take it out on someone responsible.
“You kidnapped me!” she shrieked at the wounded duplicate.
“Please forgive me miss,” the duplicate begged, now huddled in the far corner of his bed almost in tears. Whether this was from shame at his action, or the pain in his arm Beth couldn't tell. 
“We were just following orders,” he bawled. A sliver of compassion crept into Beth's heart despite her best efforts. Grumpy that her righteous fury seemed to be deflating against her will, she decided she needed a new target. 
“Hmmph. Very well then, I'll just have to take it up with your boss. Where is he?” she asked irritably.
“Boss?” said the wounded duplicate as he wiped his eyes clean. “You mean the masters. Which one do you want miss?”
“Oh, you know,” Beth said in exasperation. “The one on this ship that looks just like the rest of you guys, except his manner is more formal.”
The change that came over the wounded duplicate startled Beth, any sense of pain vanishing to be quickly replaced with a carefully blank look. Beth was impressed, having seen such discipline only in her more careful and competent staff in the past. “I don't know what you mean miss,” he said levelly. “There are no leaders amongst us TEDs, we are all the same. You'll want to talk to one of the masters when we land.”
As if on cue, a chime sounded over the chips PA and a muffled voice announced that they were making the final approach to landing. With a withering glare at the wounded duplicate, Beth tried several other doors in the corridor finding them all locked, before returning to where she'd woken up and strapping herself into one of the passenger chairs. As the ship slowed out of jump speed, shuddering and rocking, Beth wished she had a window in the compartment so she could see the planet they were approaching. She could only guess at what fate had in store for her.

Chapter 6
The man sitting across from Beth very much resembled the room she'd been frog marched into. Both were as neat and minimalistic as each other. Other than the dark grey robe he wore, she could see no other colour or accessories on him. He even had bare feet. The face that peered from under the hood was plain, and aside from a thin moustache and goatee, it was such a normal face that Beth suspiciously believed it to be a flesh graft. The only remarkable thing about the man was a small tattoo on his forehead, a small intricate symbol that held no meaning for her. 
“Good evening, Miss Belontalus.” The voice caused Beth to jump. After the first minute of him silently regarding her, she had wondered if he was mute. She discovered his voice had a powerful and rich quality to it, like one of her favourite instructors back at the Academy during a passionate lecture. “You will have many questions regarding your abrupt relocation here amongst us. I am afraid many will need to wait as I am a busy man and cannot spare you long. Here is the ‘skinny’ as my acolytes are fond of saying.”
“The group that has employed you is in fact the Debian Combine, a league of master criminals who have banded together to pool resources and share a form of mutual protection from the forces of law and order that would like nothing better than see our incarceration or demise.’ Steepling his hands on the surface of the table he continued. 
‘Understand this. Returning to your previous life is no longer an option. Not only would you simply be facing the original charges held against you by the Central Systems, but they would now be joined by charges over your flight from custody, suspicion over the murder of an officer of the law and, finally, your association with criminal elements.”
“Criminal elements? But how would they know I've met you, I didn't even know who the Combine were a day ago!” Beth howled.
“Even assuming you somehow managed to escape here, renege on your contract and return to law controlled space?’ the man replied with an arched eyebrow. ‘Simple, upon being accused of stealing a large quantity of money for an unknown group, you were quite professionally extracted from armed police guard. Such an event screams of you having powerful and sinister backing. No, there is nothing for you to return to Miss Belontalus except a mock trial and a life-long prison sentence on a detention asteroid. Declaring the lack of justice in this situation is an amusing yet useless gesture. My advice is to put your past behind you and simply accept you’re here with us for now.” 
“What exactly is it you want me to do?” Beth asked.
“Simple. We expect you to do what you do best, to organise and manage the Combine. While we house many unstable talents in this place, we lack ... an organised authority. Much potential here is wasted on petty rivalry or poor planning. You are our new 'middle management' and will be expected to implement methods of efficiently using the resources at our disposal.”
A dark look passed across the man's face. “But a word of warning. Do not make the mistake of gathering ambitions above your station. In your previous employment you showed no desire to rise further than you had and we expect the same here. Power is jealously guarded in this place Miss Belontalus and fiercely defended when contested. While you are important to us, no tool is above disposal if we see fit.”
Leaning back leisurely in his chair the ninja’s face softened again. “You seem dejected Miss Belontalus, but fear not for I can advise you how to begin your mission. Look to the TEDs. They are an underappreciated and underutilised part of our organisation now, but once they were much more. Start there and you will make progress quickly.”
“But now,” he said as he stood up, “I have a new group of potential initiates to run through the Gauntlet, so if you'll excuse me Miss Belontalus, the TED here will escort you to your new quarters. Do not squander this opportunity Miss Belontalus. The Combine needs you and …” he paused, “I think on some level you might need us too. If you manage to survive in this place you might even come to enjoy it. May the night find you slumber,” he finished softly before turning to some paperwork on the desk.

A firm hand clamped on Beth’s shoulder as she looked up into the face of another duplicate, this one regarding her without any sign of recognition. Resigned, she rose to follow the minion out, as the back of her escort’s dark green jumpsuit filled her vision.
Back in his office Master Kalisstern spared another few moments considering the new minion they had recruited, then dismissed her from his mind. Whether she sank or swam was now up to her.
Beth feebly tried to keep track of where this man was leading her. “No, he's Ted, that's what the strange man called him,” she reminded herself. The jungle of corridors and doors was so confusing that she couldn’t quite figure out where her guide was taking her. At times they passed other men who looked exactly like Ted, or occasionally a woman in a similar green uniform. To her surprise she noted that all of the females they passed were identical. Each observed her with nothing more than mild curiosity. 
At an intersection where one of the female duplicates was busy passing tools to someone under an open floor panel, Beth hurried forward a few steps and caught her guide by the arm, unable to keep the question from bursting out. ‘What are you,’ she blurted, then blushed at her rudeness. The man stared down at her vaguely before a simple smile claimed his pale lips. “I am TED,” he said simply. Beth shook her head and then pointed at the girl not two metres away. “And her?” she queried. Ted nodded at the girl. “She is TED,” he smiled again. 
Beth frowned in concentration. “Are you related?” 
The man considered this, “Yes.”
Beth waited before realising that was all he was going to say, as he stood there obviously proud of his answer. “How?” she pushed. 
Ted blinked as wheels inside turned. “Oh, we are the same batch. Though my tube cracked earlier than hers,” he said while smirking at the female TED. She stuck out her tongue before a squawk of protest from the open panel snapped her attention back to work. 
Beth gaped at the man, the reality of what he'd just said settling in. “You’re clones?!” she cried in alarm. “But ... but that's...” She stopped at the next word, knowing that 'illegal' was a futile thing to cry here. 
“Clones though,” she muttered. They were universally forbidden across civilized space beyond replacement organ labs for the few elite insurance companies that held permissible licenses. She'd heard rumours that politicians illegally used them and occasionally one was exposed. She also remembered the common office joke that old Winter was a clone based on how plastic he seemed, but this was different. Beth examined the TED carefully, now realising it was more of a designation than a real name. He seemed human but up close she could spot the difference. He was as pale as an Ice-Worlder, in an unhealthy way with lots of purple veins, his eyes had a slight orange hue to the grey in them and he lacked any body hair from what she could see. Strangely, Beth noted that the man's eyebrows were drawn on with some form of permanent marker. The TED scratched the back of his left hand sporadically with the other and Beth caught sight of the barcode imprinted there. 
“Follow, miss?” the TED asked carefully, eager to complete his task as escort.
Beth nodded and tried to ignore the curious gaze of the female TED behind them that had been joined by a dirty male face from the floor panel. Beth and her escort passed many more TEDs working different tasks throughout the complex on everything from cleaning to repairs. So far she had concluded that they were deep underground and the complex itself must be enormous. After ascending a flight of stairs the pair came to a sealed metal door in an unremarkable side corridor. It appeared to open with a wall mounted key coder fixed beneath an intercom. The TED punched in a series of numbers and the door hissed open to reveal a modestly outfitted office with another door at its rear that presumably led to some form of living quarters. 
The TED looked around appreciatively. “Flash,” he said to her happily. “Ok now, miss?” he asked. Beth nodded and the TED saluted with a happy grin before turning and leaving her alone. 
Alone. 
As the door slid shut and sealed, Beth put her back against it and sank slowly to the ground, her skin rippling with relief as her dress curled up at the back and skin met cool steel. ‘What are my parents going to say?’ she moaned, failing to hold back a few tears. Her first thought was of escape, of somehow finding out as much as she could about this place so she could flee it. The man before had been correct though, she had no idea where she would run too even if she did manage to escape this facility. Could she turn to family? Would her father take her back in knowing she was a fugitive?
She was so upset she almost didn't hear the electronic chime sounding from the office desk. Pulling herself up Beth stumbled over and only just managed to make the chair, landing in it hard and squeaking in surprise as she discovered it had wheels. The chair careened across the office's smooth floor to crash against an empty bookshelf. Gripping to the chair for dear life, Beth bemoaned her bruised shoulder and the unfairness of treacherous office equipment while scrabbling to get the chair back to its docking desk. The desk was a cheap wood knockoff from one of the mass produced brands, boasting a couple of drawers and a single built-in terminal. The terminal looked fairly old to Beth, something that would have belonged in the basement level sorting offices at the post office. 
On the terminal’s screen a small icon blinked angrily, demanding her attention. Beth touched the incoming call on the network’s com link, holding to accept. Knowing she still looked like a mess from crying, Beth cleared her throat and hit the 'Accept Call - Voice Only' option. The call made a bleeping noise before a clear voice came through speaking in a male Old Earth British accent. “Welcome new employee, this intelligence is contacting you to provide necessary orientation services to ensure that your integration into our organisation is seamless, and that your likelihood of survival is reasonable.” 
“Oh,” Beth said. “Thank you,” she ventured hesitantly.
“You're very welcome, sentient,” the caller said pleasantly. 
“Who are you?” Beth asked.
“My service designation is JD0045378823725288t. I am a limited interface program given licence to exist by the Artificial Intelligence that operates the Debian Combine mainframe. A new program of my template is created for each new member that the Combine enfolds. If at any point you wish to terminate my program in favour of your own direct manual interface with the mainframe or for an interface program of your own please select the ‘kill’ protocol, to which you have sole admin rights to.” Beth blinked. If she didn't know better she could have sworn the program sounded a little worried about that last part.
“What happens if I decide to use the kill protocol?” Beth asked, “do you get saved somewhere until a new employee is hired?”
“Negative. My running processes will be deleted from the mainframe for optimum use of drive space. If another new user comes onto the system a new existence will be uploaded from a hardcopy source.” 
“A disk then,” Beth mused. “So the term kill means exactly what I think it does for you,” she said to the voice. “You seem helpful enough; I don't think I'll need the kill protocol anytime soon.”
“Yes mistress,” the voice breathed in relief before rallying. “Then let us begin. Firstly to access the Combine’s system resources you will require a password. You may enter it now into your personal terminal but please ensure the code is longer than twelve digits and contains a mix of numbers, letters and special characters.”
“A password? That's it? What about voice coding, gene locking, heartchip or a bio-ident scan? Passwords haven't been in regular use since... since before I was born!” Beth exclaimed.
The voice made a sound of amusement. “I'm afraid it's the popularity of all those security measures that has led to the Debian Combine's current security policy. Because this mode of protection is no longer in use, it is exceptionally difficult for the Debian Combine to recruit individuals adept at bypassing it. Logic dictates that any outside party desiring access to our systems will face similar difficulties.”
Any further protest died on Beth's lips. The machine had a point. The CSPS had been renowned for its 'state of the art' security systems, yet that hadn't stopped the numerous system infiltrations and invasions over the cycles of her employment. Her hands hesitated above the terminal keyboard, as she the thought of how long it had been since she’d had to type anything, not since she'd been in the Academy. She snapped out a few letters experimentally, missing most and scowled at herself. 'Definitely out of practice,' she decided knowing she'd been spoilt with her CSPS office’s ability to voice dictate. Quickly she pushed away the thought of that huge fantastic office before the memory became too painful, and tried another line of digits into the terminal. Better this time with only a few keys missed. After a moment of thought she entered the password she'd used back at the Academy, knowing it by heart even now.
“Password accepted,” the voice confirmed. A digital card spat out from a slot on the side of the terminal that Beth hadn't noticed before. She picked it up to find it had her name printed on the front. “This is your key card. To enter different areas of the base just insert this card into a door reader and input your password to gain access. The doors will respond if your clearance is high enough. Please note this will not give you access to the personal quarters of other Combine staff.”
Beth turned the card over in her hands. “So, everyone else has one of these then? Even the guy who welcomed me earlier?”
“The Last Blade, like the other masters, uses his own form of personal identification,” the voice informed her. “The key card is standard for minion level employees.”
Beth ignored the term minion as she tucked the card away in a pocket “Thank you...,” Beth stopped. “What was your name again?”
“My designation is JD0045...,” Beth rolled her eyes as the interface program repeated the long line of digits. When it had finished she replied, “Well, I'm not going to call you that, it's too impersonal. How about I call you...,” she thought for a moment. “The first two letters of your designation are JD, yes? How about we use that as your name?”
The voice went silent for a while.
“JD,” it said, as if testing the name. “JD,” it repeated with more confidence. “This is acceptable,” it finally decided happily. 
“Excellent,” Beth said with relief. She pondered what to do next. “How about we start with the history of the Combine, can you display that for me?”
The voice went silent for a second as it processed the request then replied in a worried voice, “I'm afraid your request is denied by the mainframe.”
“Okay,” Beth mused unsurprised: knowledge is power after all. “Let's try another then. Display history of this base, its time of establishment and who built it.”
There was a hint of fear in JD's voice this time, no doubt worried about the kill command, as it said, “request denied again by the mainframe. The return was also tagged with a message saying,” the next part JD voiced with a cold robotic tone, ”requested material is not relevant to this minion's purpose. It is advised she pursue more productive queries in the future.”
Beth held back a swear word. History wasn't a part of a manager’s job apparently and any snooping outside of her specific work role would be blocked. “Very well,” she replied. “Please upload the Combines most recent reports on base resources, onsite staff and the Management Structure Policy currently in use by the Combine.”
Moments went by as JD processed this. “Partial return mistress. We have a list of all current active TED units, but that is all. Other information is not maintained on the mainframe.”
“What about the Management Structure Policy?” Beth asked incredulously.
“There isn't one mistress.”
Beth couldn't believe it. The MSP was a manager's most vital tool; the compiled documents within were a template of guidelines, structures and systems all organisations built to prevent utter chaos. Even the small stores in the CSPS building’s food court operated by a MSP, albeit a simplified one. 
After a few moments to collect herself she ventured, “Well, I do have my work cut out for me. Ok then, is it possible for you to send out a general message to all department heads for me?” JD gave an enthusiastic affirmative. On the terminal screen a message box popped up and Beth began typing out a short and formal request. Her confidence slowly grew as she garbed the message in the familiar terms she'd used most of her working life, calming herself with the comforting thought that this could almost be a normal day back at the office. Thankfully her skill at typing was slowly returning. It seemed she hadn't actually lost all her dormant Academy tricks. 
When she finished the message and double proofed it for coherency and purpose, she authorised it to be sent. JD chirped the affirmative. “Message sent mistress. I'll inform you of any replies shortly. In the meantime I would suggest you make use of the food facilities this office provides, as it must be some time since you've eaten.”
With the mention of food Beth's stomach emitted a most unladylike growl. She was hungry, ravenous almost. She couldn't remember the last time she'd managed a full meal. Leaving the terminal she approached the rear door of the office that opened automatically as she drew near. As she had suspected the rooms beyond were living quarters, though much smaller than she'd hoped for. There was nothing more than a small kitchen, a slightly larger bedroom and an attached ensuite. 'To think I used to call my hab block modest,' she thought, unenthusiastically assessing the small double bed. 'It was a palace compared to this.' 
The one positive thing about the apartment was someone had taken the time to stock the freezer unit. Inside she found a decent selection of meals, much of it catering for diverse diet requirements and anticipating any allergies Beth might have. Somebody had obviously put some thought into it. While she didn't mind cooking from scratch, Beth couldn't find the energy at the moment, instead deciding on a spiced vegetable dish she could throw into the instant oven, an older model which took a few moments to adjust the food's molecular state to ‘cooked’. It announced this fact with a hearty chime that Beth was sure could have been heard back on Earth. Breaking open the dish’s cover, she cautiously took a bite. The meal was slightly over-done which Beth attributed to the oven’s older design.
The meal quickly filled her and with a satisfied burp she felt better. Following the need for food came the need for a shower and some clean clothes. The first was easy as the shower unit was a pulse model like the one in her old hab. For a moment she'd feared it would be some form of primitive water based assemblage. The second need was not met however, as all the drawers in the bedroom were empty except for what looked like a pair of pyjamas. Admitting defeat she tossed her current garments into the clothes refresher and immersed herself in the shower’s cleansing cycle. She emerged to a chime from her terminal.
Returning to her office in a towel, she sat down and began running a comb she had discovered through her hair. “Did we get some replies, JD?” she asked the terminal.
“Some…” the interface program admitted. “Most of the department heads never replied. A few have variants of ‘mind your own business’ or less polite alternatives. One seems to be nothing more than a five minute recording of maniacal laughter.” Beth's shoulders slumped. She'd been afraid of this when she found the Combine had no MSP. 
So, she had an organisation of unknown size, presumably with numerous divisions living under the same roof and drawing from the same pool of resources, yet without any control systems or oversight in place. 
“Chaos, utter chaos,” she muttered, remembering back to her training when her instructors used Old Earth examples like this. But then it had been all theoretical, a managerial boogey man used to scare students with what might happen if they became too lax. Beth had been told that these days such poorly planned business models were extinct, or at least they were in the Central Systems. 
“Seems I'm riding the last dinosaur,” she thought wryly. “Is there any good news at all JD?” she asked.
The terminal clicked for a second as it processed a reply. “There is. You received two messages with the details you asked for, one from somebody in the main hanger compound and another from one of the deeper storage bays.”
Beth brought up both messages for examination. The first was a spreadsheet of vehicles, shuttles, skimmers and other forms of transport currently at the Combine's disposal, with the readiness and functionality of each machine listed. The spreadsheet contained a detailed amount of information, yet Beth tutted at its disorganised layout which was almost impossible to follow. Still, it was better than nothing and obviously compiled by someone who knew the equipment they worked with. Scrolling to the bottom of the spreadsheet she found the message tagged by someone called GG. 
The second message by contrast was masterfully organised, a document that might even have put Beth to shame. It was from somebody down in the storage decks, but lacked any form of tag line. Beth would need to find out who this mystery department head was.
Beth closed both messages and was about to leave the desk when JD pipped up once more. “There was another thing mistress, you received a message which wasn't a reply to your request for information, but instead an invitation to lunch.” Beth frowned at this, unsure of whom would be inviting her for casual conversation in a den of villains, but she opened the message anyway. Inside was a short message typed in the most gaudy and overly lavish font Beth had ever seen. Its words were flowery to the point of being sickly as it beseeched Beth to come to Deck 5 at fifteen hundred hours for some afternoon tea. This message was tagged with a cursive LL.
“Seems that I'm having afternoon tea with LL,” Beth said.
“Oh!” buzzed JD happily. “That should be fun.”
“Maybe,” Beth said cautiously. “Board members rarely invite you around for lunch unless they want to screw you, one way or another. Let's see what this LL wants.”
Chapter 7
Apparently the mainframe regarded any maps or schematics of the Combine base also outside Beth's preview, so she had to find her own way to LL's section. Luckily there were plenty of TEDs about performing routine tasks so it didn't take long for her to obtain a guide. Beth was beginning to understand that the Combine must have a distinct pecking order, and it seemed that the TEDs were at the bottom of the food chain. Amusingly this meant the TEDs she came across seemed to regard her as their superior, a useful fact to remember. 
After a confusing journey down countless different coloured corridors and past doors of all shapes and sizes they came to what the TED told her was LL's domain. Beth had been trying to keep track of her path through the base but once more gave up. It seemed that in the name of security and paranoia there were very few signs posted, probably intending to confuse intruders as much as residents. Beth had come across this elaborate type of thinking before, the last time when she had to reorganise the filing system of the CSPS's branch office on the world of Tyylak. Prone to civil war and insurrection, the bitter old division head of accounting had insisted that the painfully complex method of document filing she had implemented was necessary to stop rebel spies from accessing sensitive material. It had taken Beth over a month to work her way around the old coot, eventually managing to promote her to a benign position where she could no longer interfere. While she couldn't argue that the layout of the Combine base would make things more difficult for intruders, it no doubt had a hellish effect on the efficiency of base operations. 
Even before the TED spoke Beth knew she must be in the right place. The corridor they had entered was filled with the sweet stench of sky lilies, an expensive flower favoured by the rich and normally pleasant when found in a garden. Here however it hung in the air so thickly it almost overpowered Beth's nose. Somehow in her mind it matched with the elaborate font of the mysterious invitation perfectly, in that both belonged to someone who hadn't grasped that you could have too much of a good thing. The double doors ahead weren't plastic or steel like most others she'd come across but wooden in design, meticulously hand carved and otherwise unadorned aside from a single gold name plate fixed to the left with the letters LL engraved into them. Fixed to the corridor wall to the right of the door, Beth saw a small doorbell and speaker grill. Her accompanying TED, another one with drawn-on eyebrows and even a small drawn-on moustache saluted her with a thump to her chest and took off, seeming eager to get back to her previous task.
Now alone, Beth checked herself over once more to make sure she looked presentable before she pressed the doorbell. 
Beth took a quick intake of breath at the woman who opened the door. Tall, blonde, full lipstick, a slim figure that models destroyed their bodies trying to achieve, this complimented with an office skirt cut well above the knees that still somehow conveyed a sense of professionalism. While Beth wasn't an expert on such things she instantly recognised that each item of clothing screamed designer. The gaze of the woman in the doorway flickered down and up, followed by a slight tightness around the mouth that signified repressed amusement. Beth had come across this a few times during her career, where another woman would harshly assess her in the first few seconds of meeting with the well known 'full length glare'. The speed of the flicker and the repressed amusement told she saw little that impressed. Despite herself, Beth felt a self-conscious blush pushing at her cheeks. "You would be LL I presume," Beth snapped, a little more catty than intended.
More tight amusement flashed on the face, less veiled this time as the stranger in the doorway shook her head. "I am Sarah, Miss Belontalus, Lady Leisure awaits you inside," and with that she turned gracefully on her stiletto heel and walked on, expecting Beth to follow. Knowing she couldn't just stand in the doorway like a stunned Pluto pelican Beth followed. Beyond was a smartly appointed waiting room which Sarah swished past into a second long room that made Beth's jaw drop. Styled like a modern take on ancient Rome the room was a fantastic example of what someone with a vague sense of décor and a heap of cash could accomplish. Marble columns flanked a gentle river of clear blue water that was fed by a distant waterfall at the room’s far end, the waterfall itself cascading through some elaborate glass tree sculpture with each of the many branches ending with an upturned glass bowl that caused the water to sprinkle out in multiple directions. The lighting above this scene had been fixed so a perpetual rainbow of fragmented colours sparked around the waterfall’s base, reflected and refracted by the watery mist constantly churned up. Taking a few steps into the room Beth looked down to find the floor was in fact a rich carpet of trimmed grass, the sort you knew would curl up pleasantly around your feet if one was inclined to go barefooted.
Beckoned by an impatient look from her guide Beth followed to find the room’s outer wall made of a similar marble to the columns, broken by the occasional wooden door. Approaching the waterfall Beth found the room open up to a large circular vault that housed a small artificial lagoon of about eighty metres in diameter. At its centre resided a small island boasting several lazy willow trees and a table with a red lunch cloth spread across it. Someone appeared to be waiting at the table. The far too pretty Sarah led Beth around the lagoon to a wooden bridge that appeared the only way to access the small island. As her shoes clunked against the hardwood beneath, something caressed Beth's face and with a start she realised it was a breeze, cool yet pleasant, coming from somewhere else in the room. She also noted the light in here was different, unlike the functional hall lighting found throughout most of the base; the lagoon’s light source felt like genuine sunlight. Beth had no idea where someone would get their hands on an environment generator this sophisticated. She was impressed.
‘Then again,’ she cautioned herself, ‘that's the point, isn't it’. Footsteps behind Beth signalled that another two gorgeous model-like women had joined them. Both nodded at Beth with perfectly fake smiles, but Beth couldn't help noticing that neither seemed relaxed. All wore holstered weapons making this escort feel disturbingly similar to when she’d been put under house arrest back in the Central Systems. The group left the wooden bridge and approached the island’s occupant, an older woman who looked up from the portable terminal and flashed them a smile. Beth stopped just short of the table in both surprise and fear. She recognised LL, and realised just how much trouble she was in. 
"Welcome Beth," Lady Leisure gushed. "It's such a delight that you could come down and visit us. We are just ecstatic to have another girl on the team! All those boring boys can be such a drag. Oh forgive me I'm being so rude, my name is..." 
Beth managed a steady voice, something she'd be proud of later: "Leisure Lucy of Sentiilac 4, previously of the Central Systems News Network until your dismissal." Lady Leisure's face froze and a faint crack in her poise hinted her distain at the word dismissal, something Beth inwardly cheered at. Beth went on to say: "My office received a security dossier on you at the time of your dismissal," another twitch, "also we met in person once, though I don't expect you'd remember."
It would take a few moments for Beth to comprehend how that last comment may have just saved her life. Icy fear gripped her as the three bombshell bodyguards nearby had whipped out their blasters faster than Beth thought a human could move, but Lady Leisure seemed to latch onto her last comment with merciful enthusiasm.
"Oh we've met before? I'm terribly sorry darling but it has managed to slip my mind. Where would that have been?" At this the three guards relaxed and the stylishly streamline designed blasters slipped back into their holsters. With a dry mouth Beth scrambled to answer the ex-news reporter’s question: "Old Earth ten cycles ago. I was in the graduating year for the Threllix Academy and had been selected with another girl to receive the tri-callum award on behalf of the school." Beth added quickly "You wore an amazing purple dress."
Leisure Lucy's eyes lit up. "Oh YES! Of course I remember darling. Oh my, I was just starting my career back then and you were just a tiny thing, you had short hair yes?" Beth nodded. "Yes that's right and I wore the Dellusium satin I'd just gotten. Oh but that was soooo long ago my darling, we have lots of catching up to do," she smiled with full lips, "but I am sure you are famished. Please sit and the girls will bring us refreshments."
Lucy sat down again behind her terminal and Beth moved towards the one vacant chair. As she sat down Beth thought, 'well that was stupid, almost getting myself shot because of my big mouth. Need to remember that while this bitch is all smiles she's still a cold-hearted killer.'
Lucy seemed intent on finishing up whatever she'd been doing on the terminal whilst the three girl guards moved a respectful distance away, yet still well within blaster range, Beth noted sourly. On the far side of the lagoon one of the wooden doors opened and a fourth gorgeous girl guard emerged wheeling what looked like a food trolley in front of her, an image she completed with a rather tarty maid outfit. Seeing it would be a minute or so before lunch arrived Beth desperately tried to recall what she'd heard about Leisure Lucy from the past. 
Firstly anybody who'd been around five cycles ago with access to a vid-screen would have recognised her from her time as one of the Central Systems News Network's leading reporters. She'd been a common household name back then. Anyone with a pulse at the time would also have remembered her because she embodied the ancient yet still strong business notion that 'sex sells'. Resplendent in teasingly sexy outfits that just managed to remain on the respectful side, the woman had pushed her luck with the vid-screen Ratings Authority more than once. But she'd been smart, talented and surprisingly enough a remarkable reporter. If anything, too talented, as from the outset her career had skyrocketed with high-exposure stories like the Tuuksta Port Killer, the Kalipsan Smuggling Ring Bust, the Jefford House Scandal. Also unlike many of her peers Lucy Leisure seemed to have a nose for political hotspots, always somehow appearing when a corrupt politician was brought down, when a rebel group made their violent first move, when a world decided to tear itself apart in the ecstasy of civil war. If there was a story, Leisure Lucy somehow was in the thick of it and soon she was almost as famous as the vid-screen stars she regularly interviewed. 
However the star reporter's dark side was later revealed to the public during a scandalous CSS investigation on how the gorgeous reporter managed to beat the competing news networks to the punch every time. It turned out Lucy Leisure was a terrorist on a galactic scale. During her first cycles as a crime reporter she had assisted several talented criminals and renegades to evade justice by tampering with evidence while on CSS property. She then recruited these delinquents, feeding them information leaked to her about CSS activities and in return they would frame high-profile individuals for her, build crime rings to fill them with fall guys so she could bring them down externally and even use assassination. As her career and fame grew so did the team of operatives under her employ and the lengths they would go. 
Ironically her trial scored ratings almost as popular as her story on the Biax Beach World’s first galactic bikini contest seven cycles back, the contest almost causing a Jihad from one of Biax's more religious planetary neighbours. Not all of Lucy Leisure's crimes had been unearthed during the trial but enough were public knowledge that the woman had been ruined and as far as Beth had known still languished on a prison asteroid somewhere.
‘So much for that’, Beth mused to herself as she watched the gorgeous ex-reporter finish up whatever had been occupying her and stash the terminal away as lunch arrived. "So this is where you work from?" Beth asked as the stunning servant guard arrived with the food trolley. Lucy laughed gaily as an incredibly ornate coffee pot was set down between them "No no silly, this is just my garden where I come to relax and entertain." Her lips seemed fixed into the smile and Beth wanted to pull at the lower lip to see if it would budge. "Our office is over there," she pointed at one of the doors, then to another she said, "and that is the dorm room for the girls."
Lucy accepted the proffered cup of tea from her maid/servant/guard/assistant and took a delicate sip. Beth risked a sip of her own and found the tea overly sweet yet pleasant. 
"Oh but you're from Old Earth just like me, and a Threllix Academy girl too. You know I went there myself a few cycles before you did" Beth had in fact known that, though mentioning that the Academy was universally embarrassed of this criminal's tenure as a student seemed unwise currently. Lucy carried on: "I miss Old Earth terribly you know, the fashion, the gardens, the cities" she let out a whimsical sigh "Ah, if only I could return. But you must fill me in with the latest trends and gossip."
"I'm afraid I won't be much help there" Beth admitted "I was only on Old Earth during my time at the academy and since then I have spent all my time Off-World working."
Lucy gave her a sympathetic look, no doubt meaning to convey understanding. Then something strange happened. The maid guard’s electronic wrist watch buzzed twice. Before Beth could continue drinking she found the spread of food before her being efficiently packed away and a few seconds later her cup, still half full was politely but firmly retrieved by the tarty maid. 
Lucy rose just as abruptly and said, "Well my dear I'm afraid work beckons and I'm sure you have your own tasks to attend to." Beth wondered at the difference between the words ‘work’ and ‘task’, and why Lucy had chosen the distinction. 
Before she could rise Lucy spoke again, "Oh I almost forgot to mention how ravishing you look in that dress my dear." Beth almost beamed in pride when the second comment hit her, "I had wondered where that old thing had gotten to but I'm SO glad someone managed to salvage it and put it to a decent home."
Shocked, Beth watched the drastic change in her host. Gone was the bubbly Lucy Leisure who had drank tea with her moments before, now replaced by Lady Leisure, the mistress of this small artificial world Beth had been lured into. The smile was still fixed there, but seemed slacker than before and what warmth had burned in her eyes was now long gone, instead frozen points of ice that bore into Beth like a drill. The woman's posture had changed also, now aggressive to the point of feral. 
"You should keep it my dear. It suits you," Lady Leisure smiled, each word toned a barb before Beth was firmly led away from the island, still burning from the sting of the insult. The guards didn't speak even as they sealed the front door behind Beth, leaving her alone in the base corridor. Stung by the scary woman's comment, Beth resisted the urge to tear the garment from her body. The fabric she had previously liked now felt vile against her skin, as if woven with that madwoman's evil. 
'I almost died in there,' she whispered to herself, her mind tracking back with the full power of hindsight. The cold sweat and shudders only intensified as she also realised she had no idea how to get back to her own office in this terrible place. 
Near tears Beth caught herself at the stomping noise approaching from the far end of the corridor, the owner of which emerged a moment later. In shock Beth realised it was a teddy bear, sort of. It was a teddy bear if teddy bears were allowed to be over six feet in height and have glowing green eyes. Here and there the rich fur of its exterior had been burned or clawed away to reveal hard exo-skeleton and servo-gears beneath. The bear stomped towards her, regarding her curiously until it gave out a surprised "Oh!" The voice was the higher pitch of a very young boy, which continued with "Oh no you shouldn't be here, this is terrible. I already warned the puppets and thought everyone was gone!"
The bears head rotated 360 degrees sharply, to Beth's horror, as its tone grew terse "No no no you cannot be here, this is terrible, you must leave!" It struck Beth that the bear wasn't threatening her, but instead warning her away. "Why?" she shouted at the jumbo toy, still upset herself. The bear grew more agitated, "because the puppies have been set loose on this deck for repair work! Those toys don't play nice anymore. You must know this! You must leave quickly, before the puppies find you!"
Beth took one look at the mechanical bear's vicious robot talons and understood. "I don't know the way back to my room and everything in this place looks the same! You need to help me." 
The bear looked more panicked, "Oh no I couldn't even possibly…," any further comment was cut off by an electronic roar from somewhere close by. 
Very close by.
The bear's eyes went from green to blue in fear as it said "Oh boy now we're both in trouble. You need to get off this deck quickly whilst I distract them," it looked at her, forcing bravado into its young voice. "Take this corridor and turn left at the blue door. Run to the elevator at the end and press for Deck 8, give the elevator the passcode 'I spy with my little eye' and it should accept you.' 
"But what about you?" Beth asked.
The bear didn't answer, instead turning back the way it had come to face whatever had been released on this deck. Beth started running and tried to ignore the electronic whimper of fear from the robot she’d left behind. The corridor wound around several times and intersected twice with branching passageways, Beth ignored these and instead tried to control her breathing. She'd never been an athlete but wasn't a slob either, still she soon found herself breathing harder as the exertion took its toll. Another enraged mechanical roar from somewhere behind her kept her running, adrenaline taking off the edge. 
Around another bend a sealed blue door appeared, down a thirty metre stretch of corridor. Beth sprinted the last ten metres and skidded around the turn whilst chancing a quick glance back. She got a vague glimpse at something rounding the far bend, something nasty and big. Forcing her legs to pump harder Beth rushed down another short stretch of corridor and tumbled into the open elevator she found there in a heap of limbs and curses. Hauling herself up she franticly scrolled down the elevator buttons and smacked the one marked with the number eight. The doors snapped shut just as the thing chasing her rounded the last bend, skidding like she had and smashing into the sealed blue door which squealed in protest. Beth still had no idea what it was, but she did notice the eyes, diodes like the bear but burning a rage filled red, a rage that hungered for her. 
Then the steel doors snapped shut and took away the creature, its red eyes and the corridor of torment. Beth was left with nothing but her own gasping breath, tears, cold sweat and an unfriendly mechanic voice requesting authorisation. Beth wiped her eyes and rasped out “I spy with my little eye”, before the voice mercifully left her in peace. She collapsed, her burning skin soothed by the elevator’s cool steel wall. She let it all flood out. She kicked, screamed, wept and swore until the fear ebbed away to be replaced by guilt and worry. She hadn't even asked the teddy bear's name. 
A TED found her still in the lift two hours after Deck 5 had been declared clear. Unsure of what to do with the unresponsive woman he patted her on the shoulder gently, asking if miss was ok. Beth looked up to find that this one had managed to draw his eyebrows upside-down, where they curled up at the ends. The ragged giggling fit she exploded into seemed to stress the poor clone further and he told her he'd come back soon with help. Feeling a little better after laughing Beth told him "no thankyou, I´d like to just go back to my room."
"Ok miss," the unconvinced TED said. 
Beth accepted the clones proffered hand and followed him back to her room. At her still unfamiliar front door she thanked the TED, drawing a mild look of bewilderment followed with a salute, before he made himself scarce. It took her a few moments to hunt for the access card JD had given her before slotting it into the card reader fixed to the wall beside the door. It bleeped a demand for her access code before the door slid open. Beth decided another wash in the shower might be in order, then she would ask JD how to get some new clothes and see if either of the two department heads she had messaged earlier were available for a meeting. While she felt like crawling up in bed she knew it wouldn't help. Before her posting at the CSPS central office Beth had been apart of the Auditing Department, specifically for the outer colonial divisions and offices. Her job was to not only to improve and streamline, but to also cut away unnecessary expenditure and weed out the incompetent. It was an important yet unpopular role, as many times a new assignment meant tackling long entrenched staff in a distant colonial office. While her current captivity was a world apart from her past, it still had instilled in Beth the knowledge that hiding wouldn't accomplish anything.
Beth took several steps into the dark office before she realised the lights hadn't automatically turned. "Stupid lights," she muttered, "where’s that manual switch I saw earlier."
"Allow me," a deep masculine voice said.
The room lit up as a hundred auto-candles flickered to life around the room, exquisite violin music began resonating from the direction of the bedroom and the scent of Tulek roses wafted around Beth. Her desk and terminal had been shoved to the office’s far corner and were now covered in more flickering candles, and what had replaced them at the centre of the room now left Beth speechless. He was a god, a naked god smiling at her from a bathtub that hadn't been there before. He had slick gelled hair, a killer smile, muscular pecks, a groomed moustache, muscular pecks, a glittering glass of champagne in both hands, a smouldering cigarette between his lips, muscular pecks and ... Beth stopped her brain at that point. Not a god, she corrected herself, just a fantastically attractive man that screamed trouble with every toned muscle. 
"Good evening my dear," he grinned, enjoying her scrutiny. His voice was as heavenly as the mouth that formed each word. "Sorry for dropping in on you unexpectedly like this but I was in the neighbourhood and thought it would be a smashing idea for us to get ... acquainted." Beth felt a tremble course through her at the last word, her own mind doing devilish things with it. 
"Who are you?" she managed, trying to muster some outrage at this intrusion into her room. 
"Forgive me,” the man laughed, a pleasant sound. “I have forgotten even the basest of courtesies. I am the Pirate to my associates here in the Combine, but I would have you call me Zep. You and I shall be working alongside each other closely, I hope. If you'd care to join me I can answer any question you might have and I promise you the water is delightful," he finished with an inviting, "I am at your service."
Beth looked at the expensive bathtub, steam curling up invitingly from its soapy surface, the delicious man relaxing in it and considered her options. Most of her wanted to instantly strip, cast aside her clothes and doubts and get down to 'business' with this colleague. But that desire was draining away quickly. Beth had always considered herself a professional and sensible woman and wasn't unfamiliar with matters of men. But right now she was exhausted, filthy with dry sweat and fear, confused, upset and if she wasn't going to work then the only sane alternative would be to curl up in bed for a nice long coma. While tempted, she just wasn't up for a full round of bedroom acrobatics tonight. 
There was no harm in being polite though.
"Your offer is tempting," she admitted, letting her gaze run down his chest once more before stopping herself, "but I'm afraid now isn't a good time. I've just been chased by some sort of robotic … thing on Deck 5 after meeting with Lady Leisure." Beth was proud at how she'd kept the bitterness out of her voice, "and now I need to organise several other meetings before I retire for the night." Beth mustered a coy smile and purred, "maybe our 'business' could be concluded at a later time when I'm more … appropriately attired."
"Well I never!” the godling roared with laughter, more genuine than the last. “When I read the preliminary report on you young lady I never would have suspected such a thing. No offence but I had no idea that the venerable CSPS hosted such agreeable employees. This is most pleasing. I would never wish to put a fine lady like yourself out of sorts so I shall withdraw and look forward to hearing from you soon." With that the rogue clapped his hands and the music cut. Beth gaped as four burly thugs wielding instruments emerged from her bedroom, nodded at her politely as each took station at one of the bathtub’s four corners. With a heave they lifted the entire tub, their leader and all, and marched towards the door to the sound of sloshing bath water. As the entourage passed her, Zep clicked his fingers for his lackeys to stop and held out something to Beth. 
"Oh I almost forgot," he said, "this is in response to your earlier message and should answer most of your questions. I'll have some of the lads whip up a more complete account of our division before our next meeting. Till then my dear." and with that they were gone, leaving only the scent of roses and a few suds on the floor as memory. 
"What is WRONG with me?" Beth muttered, dumping herself at her terminal. Why had she desperately wanted that man?
"I might have an answer for that mistress," ventured JD from her desk-mounted speaker. Beth glared at the terminal in suspicion, not realising the interface program had been listening in on the earlier conversation. Normal IP programs only activated on user command; she'd have to watch this one if it never switched off. 
"One of my functions is to regulate your room temperature to ensure you have a satisfactory working environment. This room's envo system is a basic model but it does have an atmosphere sampler. I'm detecting elevated levels of several foreign chemicals, which it's registering as Heetsink, Slipstill and Ferenmusk."
"Ferenmusk!” Beth snarled. “That's an illegal aphrodisiac!" With a shriek she scattered several of the candles still on her desk, their limited intelligence snuffing out the flame before they reached the floor. "That… That CAD! He tricked me!" 
"Yes," JD agreed unhelpfully.
"Is EVERYONE in this hellhole a complete shit?" Beth seethed.
"Yes," repeated JD just as unhelpfully. 
"Gah," Beth shouted again and looked for something else to throw but JD hadn't finished talking. "But it is not all bad news mistress, your request for a meeting with the second department head was confirmed. The quartermaster will be waiting for you down on Deck 22 in an hour."
Beth glared at the terminal again as the earlier conversation about a 'kill switch' surfaced in her mind. Growling, she instead stomped to the bedroom which had been only mildly ransacked by the musical thugs in Zep's employ. She noted all the draws where she would normally store her panties had been opened. 
"No doubt they were disappointed to find I don't have any spare clothes to sniff or steal yet" she smirked, then was saddened by the truth of it. 
Shouting back through the doorway to the office she ordered JD to pester the mainframe for instructions on how she should go about finding spare clothes while she checked the kitchen’s freezer unit for something to chase away the fatigue. With a squeal of delight she emerged victorious, brandishing a packet of instant percolation stim blocks. Filling a mug with cold water she dropped one of the blocks in and walked away as steam boiled up from the instant chemical reaction. 
After a careful inspection of the bathroom for hidden surveillance devices, not trusting Zep's good manners after the aphrodisiac incident, Beth took a second quick spin in the pulse shower to clean up. She stuffed her outfit into the bedroom’s only garbage unit, was disappointed that it was an ancient 'collect' receptacle, and garbed in her largest towel and armed with her steaming mug of stim, she marched back into the office and sat across from JD. 
"Ok," she began, "so what did the mainframe say about me getting some proper clothing?"
"It said good things mistress," JD said in a relieved voice, possibly picking up on how close she’d had been to running out of luck earlier. "Requests for standard minion attire can be registered with the mainframe and will be forwarded to the nearest available TED unit. Upon your request a TED was sent to retrieve a uniform for you from storage."
Beth frowned at that "A uniform? From storage? What does the uniform look like?" Before JD could answer there was a bleat from her door unit, announcing a visitor outside. Beth wondered where the hell THAT function was when Mr Pirate perv had come a knocking. She asked JD that since the interface program was tied into the room's envo system does that mean she could control the door. JD answered affirmative, Beth repressed the urge to interrogate her about Zep and instead told her to grant the awaiting TED entrance. Tactfully the TED who wandered in was one of the female variants, this one oddly having drawn a moustache and monocle on herself. Beth refrained from commenting and instead accepted the bundle the TED proffered. 
What happened next confused Beth a little. The female TED offered to help her dress, but did so with a strange intensity that unnerved her. Since she had no idea what sexual orientation the TEDs had, if any, she erred on the side of caution and politely but firmly declined. Instead she accepted the disappointed TED’s salute with a nod and let the female clone out. Fearing the worst, Beth unrolled the bundle to inspect her uniform. 
Not as bad as she'd feared, but certainly not everything she'd hoped for. The uniform was a faded red utility suit, the sort one would expect on an engineer or mechanic. The fit was decent and Beth had a little fun pulling on the thick gloves, the currently empty utility harness felt comfortably snug around her waist and shoulders, while she decided she liked the pair of hazard goggles that came with the assemblage. Once in uniform she moved around the office getting a feel for the functional outfit. She found it breathed well, kept her warm and gave her a surprising amount of movement. Seeing she still had a little more time before her meeting, Beth put herself through her normal routine of stretches, having missed them recently. Afterwards she was a little heated but felt good, pleased at how the garment had accommodated all but three of the most strenuous stretches in her repertoire. 
Back in the bedroom Beth found a pull-out reflective screen and studied herself. "Not bad," she smiled. It certainly wasn't anything like the corporate attire she was used to but it had its own charm. Plus it showed off her figure more than she'd expected which would be useful against someone like Zep in this place. At least she had enough pockets now, the utility suit was covered with them and Beth amusingly thought back to her youthful complaints about always having to carry a handbag when wearing an office skirt. Oddly the image in the reflector reminded her of a fancy dress thrown cycles back by an old friend Beth had lost contact with now. 
JD buzzed urgently to remind Beth it was almost time for her appointment and that the program had requested a TED unit to attend as Beth's guide, who was waiting outside for her now. Beth thought this last part was a nice touch; obviously Miss Interface Program was keen to get back into her good graces. When her front door slid open Beth saw the first affect her new uniform had. The male TED's eyes widened at seeing her and instantly straightened into a salute, his eyes boring past her. Beth nodded back and asked if he could lead her to the quartermaster on Deck 22. He could. 
Together they left and found an elevator that responded to the code, ‘Atishoo atishoo we all fall down.’ After an uneventful trip the elevator began slowing until it chimed their arrival on Deck 22. Stepping out of the lift Beth could already see the difference here, the corridors being much wider than in the base proper and very few TEDs could be seen. The lighting was poorly maintained also, with some side passageways hidden in darkness, aside from the odd flickering ceiling lamp. Open wall panels exposed wiring half fixed and other jury-rigged affairs. The TED led her to a pair of large metal sealed doors, saluted her again and wandered away. Beth took one more look down at her new uniform, tried to feel as formidable as she looked and hit the doorbell button.

Chapter 8
It was actually another TED that greeted her at the main hatchway, looking carefully up and down the corridor before ushering her inside. The room beyond was a massive warehouse, dimly lit and filled with a musty, aged scent. Barely able to see the TED’s green jumpsuit in the gloom Beth followed him towards an island of light glowing from the expansive warehouse's centre. 
The quartermaster wasn't much to look at. A small balding man well past his prime, he looked like a timid bureaucrat. To make matters worse neither his orange jumpsuit nor almost clown sized boots fit him and he had a perpetual sniff that occasionally warranted an assault by his well used hanky. Beth was intrigued; she hadn't known hankies still existed. 
The man had greeted her with the preamble that he was 'very busy' and that she had 'much to learn'. He seemed to enjoy repeating these two statements as he led Beth from the poorly lit underground warehouse to his office. ‘Office’ was a generous term, Beth found. In truth it was a stack of giant empty cargo containers with emergency lamps strung throughout. No real furniture existed, and instead a surplus of supplies seemed to fill the need. Inside were a number of haggard looking TEDs either lounging about or wrestling with different types of paperwork, as in actual real paperwork, on paper. Beth was shocked; the term paperwork was merely a memory of a simpler time before system wide information nets and touch terminal screens. Paper was now seen as an archaic and wasteful pastime. The quartermaster seemed to be the only non-TED in the office space, leading Beth to assume he had been 'recruited' much like herself some time ago. Despite this Beth couldn't bring herself to pity the man as he seemed to embody everything she hated in dusty old organisations like the Combine. 
Just like she had feared, the quartermaster, whose name was Klent it turned out, worked with a filing system as ancient as the paper medium it was scribbled on. He explained file retrieval mostly relied on his memory of where anything was and like most people who worked with such systems his memory was far from impressive. 
"Look I don't even know what goods you regularly stock for the base,” Beth said. “I need a summary of what standard stock we keep on hand at all times and then a list of how many staff work with you." 
"Well staff is easy,” Klent said pushing his glasses back up his nose. “I get whatever TEDs aren't busy upstairs somewhere and that gets sent down to me, but its not a constant figure as I lose them sometimes if there's a big job somewhere else or if a bunch of them die." Beth fought against the chill at how casually the quartermaster spoke of sentient creatures dying. "So it's not a staff as such, I just get the TEDs that are free. The summary will be a bit harder, had a stack of papers about that somewhere if we take a look." Beth glared down at the shorter man and asked "If you don't have a summary of your current inventory? What was in the report you sent me earlier?"
Klent's eyes dodged nervously about as he answered "Well see that was mostly what I remember us having at the moment, took me a while to type it out too, since we don't have one of those fancy voice recorders and I don't use the mainframe much."
"WHY?" blurted out Beth, the enormity of the situation breaking her professional calm.
"Well" flustered the small man, looking for an escape route, "see we don't because it ... upsets the mainframe, and that's really really bad."
"Upsets the mainframe?" Beth asked puzzled "But it's just an information system, it doesn't get upset. The only way a computer net could get upset would be ... if ...," her eyes widened in horror, "oh no, it's an AI isn't it."
Klent's face became a mask of calm as he gently nodded. Then Beth noted that while his face was impassive his eyes darted up to the left of the room out the containers open double doors. Beth followed his gaze up to the musty warehouse’s roof, where she could see a small red light. It was a small surveillance dome with a tiny red active light shining on one side. Beth felt cold, very cold. Klent asked her if she'd like a stim while she was here and indicated the back of the container. Understanding, Beth nodded a bit too enthusiastically and followed him deeper into the office past several upturned transport crates that were being used as desks. In the far back corner another crate served as a kitchen table where a small water tap had been hooked up next to a small freezer unit that chugged away happily. 
"But AI's are ILLEGAL," Beth hissed, feeling stupid even as she said it. Klent was kind enough to remain silent as Beth composed herself. "Ok so we've got a highly illegal artificial intelligence, which are illegal I'll point out because the majority of those built go insane and kill everyone, running the base's mainframe. So why do your figures upset it?"
Klent dropped a pair of low-grade stim blocks into a pair of waiting mugs and considered her question.
"Because I want to live," he said simply. "RED likes logic, which makes sense since he's a damn machine. He likes neat. Our work here isn't neat. We keep things off the mainframe to stay out of trouble because if we tried to input it all he'd probably blow a fuse.Then he'd float down here and fry the lot of us."
Beth sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose trying to ward away the coming headache. "Look I know you've probably never had any training in supply before, or in administration so it's understandable you let things get this bad but ..."
"Shut up!" 
Beth looked up in shock at the small man. Klent was shaking in rage, glaring at her hatefully "How dare you, you bitch!" he snarled "You have NO idea what training I've had or where I come from!" With a bony finger he jabbed her in the chest and rasped on, "I used to be one of the major stock admins for Jeebug and Mathersons shipping and if anything I have more training than you missy," another poke, "you have no idea what its like down here and I won't have you ruining what we've built out of nothing. Now GET OUT!"
Beth couldn't believe it. Yes she'd made assumptions. Yes she'd possibly underestimated this small man. Yes she'd spoken in a slightly patronising tone since her diplomacy skills were drained after the day she'd had. Yes she had only a limited idea of what WAS really going on down here, or anywhere else.
But he'd just poked her in the boob. 
Nobody touched her boob without permission. 
Klent's hand came up again to shove her away as he continued to snarl. This time however, Beth's left hand snapped up to grip the older man’s wrist tightly, causing him to yelp in pain as her right hand curled into a fist and struck him in the jaw. Unprepared Klent went down in a heap, hands going to his face as he howled in pain. The TEDs lounging in the room froze and watched the pair, some looking with eagerness and some with concern. From the floor Klent howled "Get her you tube-born bastards, kill the bitch!"
Several TEDs started towards Beth when she rounded on them, her face a mask of cold fury. "Halt" she hissed and they did, looking a little confused. Beth noted that she must hold a similar rank to Klent, or else the TEDs would have mobbed her. 
"Get back to work" she barked and the TEDs smartly filed out of the container to find busy looking tasks. Turning back to Klent she towered over him still impossibly angry. Klent cringed back, and through a bleeding mouth whispered, "Please don't kill me."
That pathetic plea brought Beth back and something deep inside broke. Tears almost came but she forced them away for now. "Of course not,” she said to Klent. “I apologise for my earlier words, it's been a long day and I am very tired. I understand you don't want to be here and things must seem terrible but lashing out at me isn't going to help. If we are lucky maybe between the two of us we can work out something to make both our lives easier. But to do that I will need your help Klent because I don't think I can do it on my own. If you want me to fail then without your help I surely will, but I promise you that without me you have no hope in this place and eventually it will claim you." Reaching down a hand she said, "so how about it, please give me a chance so we might just both survive?"
Klent looked at her hand for a long time, almost not believing it, then took it and came to his feet. Wiping his mouth he said, "In the entire time I've been here you're the first person who ever asked please, ever." Looking distant for a moment he then said "Ok, we'll see if you can make this place before it breaks you."
"Excellent," Beth smiled back, "never touch me again though ok?"
Something passed behind Klent’s eyes and he nodded erratically. 
Things moved quickly from there as Beth began attacking the paperwork with the help of Klent and several TEDs he called back inside. Eventually they found the summaries Beth was after, currently acting as a doorstop for one of the containers’ massive lids. These were a mess but from them Beth slowly began to build a picture of how the Combine really worked. "So what are these items marked with an E?" she asked. From his crate desk Klent answered, "Essential items:fuel cells, food units, chemicals for the labs, parts for the machines, just the usual." Beth looked at the list again and frowned, "But there isn't a constant figure, doesn't anybody have an idea of how much of this stuff you regularly use?"
"Not really,” Klent shook his head. “Things like chemical compounds, building materials, parts and energy cells depends on what current projects the masters are running at any moment. A diabolical scheme could require a hundred times what we stock of an item and a fraction the next. Wish lists for research projects change daily at the whim of the head researcher depending on what they decide to do in the labs. Some research projects take drastically different turns and the materials needed change as a result. Lots of stuff gets broken and nobody ever bothers to return anything, or if they do it's been turned into slag and they expect it to be recycled somehow." Klent shrugged, "you get used to it."
Beth rubbed her head in frustration,"What about supply? Who do you buy things from?" 
"Buy?"The look of horror on the TEDs and Klents face was almost comical. "We don't buy miss. The Combine steals. The Pirate's lads usually waylay some space shipping on a regular basis and when they've finished looting they sometimes remember the shopping list we pass on to them. The food stuff we get from the Gumbugs, a native race to this region who pay us regular tribute, so at least we'll never starve, but as for the rest it depends on how lucky we are."
Beth gaped at him "But what about the stuff for the Directors?" She frowned at how the old terminology still shackled her, but then again she refused to say ‘masters’ either. "What happens when they need some particular stuff?"
"Depends,” Klent rubbed his watery eyes. “Usually a list comes down here sent by one of their more intimidating minions and we get the old ‘find us this stuff or else' line. We decide what we might have for them and pass that along. They'll rant about how it isn't good enough and threaten us some more. Then the masters usually take what we can give them and leave us alone. Most have their own stockpiles in their labs and if they need something bad enough they'll either go out and steal it from somewhere Off-World or they'll steal it from each other. I think they prefer stealing from each other because it's easier and manages to annoy their rivals. Or they just decide the project is too much work and begin to think up some other scheme." With another shrug he said, "Mad genius's are like that."
Beth felt like hitting her head on the desk, "What about the stuff you do send out, do you keep it on file?" Klent laughed and shook his head, "Oh heavens no, we were ordered not to. The masters try to keep their projects a secret from each other, it’s part of the game they play. Easier to be sabotaged if your rivals know what you are building, so they get us to destroy any lists of what they take to make sure nobody else can work out what they are building."
"And current inventory?" Beth hazarded. 
"No again I'm afraid,” Klent said sadly. “See this warehouse is connected to another eleven decks down of storage. Now, at the best of times I've got about a dozen TEDs on hand to help me out with the stuff we keep on this deck but it’s a mystery to me what sits deeper down." Getting up Klent approached a particularly decrepit stack of paper in the far corner and pulled out a page to show Beth. She noted the handwriting was different from Klent’s own tilted font or the TEDs’ makeshift scrawl. "This here pile is reports from some of the quartermasters from before me. If you believe these records then some of them were brave, loyal or desperate enough to go into the lower decks looking for stuff and had some success. If we really need something we try in here to see if there is supply we can work with."
"Why only then?" Beth asked curiously. Klent smiled grimly at her and pulled out another page for her inspection. She looked at it to find neat handwriting on most of the page but couldn't read the bottom as it was blotted out by a large smudged handprint. She realised the smudge was blood. Recoiling she threw the page away with a shriek as Klent watched on with satisfaction. 
"What happened?" Beth managed after a few more moments. 
"No idea,” Klent shrugged. “We found that note two decks down near some terrible stains. Some of the labs creations managed to get loose over the cycles and flee to the lower storage decks. So if we need something from deeper down we go armed and in force."
Beth looked at the container’s open hatch before Klent assured her it was ok.
"This warehouse is safe, you can trust me. Most of the rest of the deck should be too. All the doors are siege reinforced and have keylocks. Nothing gets through the main doors unless it has a current key pass and code, or if we let it in."
Beth nodded, slightly reassured by this. She considered the paperwork again and said to Klent "I know I've already said this Klent but I am sorry. This is insane; no wonder you've had so much trouble."
"That's ok miss,” Klent replied without looking up from his files. “Sorry I touched you inappropriately earlier. It was unthinkable of me."
"It’s Beth,” she smiled, “and apology accepted." Grabbing up a handful of papers she said "mind if I take a few of these for study, and borrow one of your TEDs to guide me back to my office?"
"Sure,” Klent nodded. “It’s not like we'll be using it anytime soon. As for a TED, take your pick, they'll make their way back here eventually. Do you have any orders we can work on before you come back?"
Beth was about to launch into her CSPS memorised speech about how 'we don't give orders Klent, we give suggestions' but stopped herself. Back at the CSPS it mostly sounded patronising and here it was just plain wrong. 'At least these guys are honest,’ she smiled to herself. To Klent she said, "You need a proper filing system first, without it we have nothing to build on."
"I know,” Klent spread his hands, “but we have no idea how to start. Nobody's used real paperwork in a hundred cycles and if I ask the mainframe I'm worried RED will get an idea of just how screwed we are."
Beth nodded, knowing she'd have to find out more about this terrifying AI that ran the base. "I can help there," she told Klent, "one of the optional study units I did back at the academy was in antiquated storage systems."
At Klent’s amused look Beth admitted, "I mostly picked it as a slack unit since the other three I was doing at the time were killing me, but in the end I actually enjoyed reading about the silly ways humans used to run things. Seems we need something silly here. When I get back to my office I'll try to remember a few of the better ones and write out some templates for you to choose from."
Klent gave her a grateful nod but cautioned, "Remember not to message it to me because RED can read all internal communication sent over the mainframe. I'll send one of the lads up tomorrow afternoon to pick them up. The next time you come down I promise we'll have started organising this place Beth." With that he saluted her and got back to work.
Beth chose a TED who had drawn a circle around his left eye, possibly meant to be a monocle, and had him guide her back to the elevator shaft. Using the earlier code 'Atishoo atishoo we all fall down', the lift began its ascent towards her accommodation up on Deck 8. Here she managed to find her own way back to her room, having tried to memorise the path earlier. Once inside the relative safety of her office Beth changed into the plain pyjama outfit she’d found earlier and prepped a quick dinner. She curled up on her bed with the notes from Klent and some spare pages she'd taken as well. She spent an hour switching between soaking up the information on hand and drawing out three of the most suitable filing systems she could remember for Klent’s consideration. After a time she asked JD if the program could wake her in the morning, to which JD affirmed she did have an alarm sub-routine and her volume setting could go loud enough so it would wake Beth from the bedroom. Satisfied, Beth bid JD goodnight and curled up under the covers, and considered her circumstances. She didn't know enough yet to formulate a plan of escape, or even know where she would go. But she was still alive and that was something.
With these thoughts tormenting her she finally slipped into sleep. Back in the office JD turned on the habs laughable security measures and put herself into power saving mode. 

Chapter 9
Long before her alarm, Beth was woken by the explosion. Tumbling out of bed groggily she had a momentary flashback to Glenniskal 4. The orbital shipping station had been attacked by anti-biomod terrorists using mining explosives. Beth had only been on the station passing through to inspect the CSPS facilities in the planet’s capital when the attack had taken place. The entire incident had only taken minutes, but the nightmares had followed Beth for the past three cycles. Back in the present a second explosion, smaller than the first, shook her underground hab as the lights flickered before going out entirely. Beth breathed heavily in the darkness before the backups kicked in and a single dim red globe bathed the bedroom in its angry glare. After quickly shimming into her uniform, Beth dashed into her office, rushing past the workstation to press the external door’s release button, only to be rewarded with a pathetic whine as the door motor failed.
 
"JD, wake up!" she shouted, hoping the Interface Program's power supply was linked with the backups. Fortune shone through as the terminal on her desk, which was still in the corner of the room where Zep's thugs had left it, flickered to life.
"Yes mistress, battery running at 64%. How can I be of service?" JD’s feminine voice wheezed.
"The door won't open, can you override it?" Beth asked, tense with adrenaline. 
JD hummed for a moment before saying, "Yes mistress, I can activate it from here. One moment please." 
Beth grinned and mentally gave JD a point towards being useful.
"Excellent," she said, "It's a pity I have to leave you behind."
"You can take a mobile variant of my program with you if you wish mistress,” JD wheezed, “It’s not as versatile as the core program but still..."
"Why didn't you tell me before?" Beth frowned, thinking of how useful JD would have been yesterday.
"You didn't ask," JD said simply, then with a smug tone continued, "Got the door, activating MAP device now. Logging off mistress," and with that the terminal blanked. 
Beth waited for a moment, unsure of what to do when a small buzzing noise came from her desk’s terminal. Following the sound Beth looked around the back of the terminal to find a small square device buzzing at her. Pulling it out she found it to be a MAP device, sporting a small screen fixed to the pad. Attaching it to her wrist Beth was greeted by a small tinny voice from its minuet speaker "Mobile Access Program logging on Mistress Belontalus." Beth had a multitude of questions for this new device and its functions but knew she had already wasted enough time. 
Moving to the door she placed a hand against it feeling for heat, as she'd been taught back in a fire safety seminar cycles ago. Along with several other safety training sessions, they had become standard policy in the CSPS after the Glenniskal 4 incident. The door was still cool to her hand’s touch so she assumed there wasn't a fire raging on the other side. Hitting the release button she was rewarded with a slightly less disgruntled whine as the door slid open. Beth had been crouching expecting smoke but none came, only the faint smell of burning wires. Stepping into the corridor she almost got knocked down by two running TEDs, both hastily putting on old fire fighting gear. When the second TED, a female variant, saw Beth her eyes lit up happily. The pair skidded to a halt, threw her a salute and waiting patiently. Beth stared at them for a second before realising they were waiting for orders, both obviously happy to have a superior on-hand who might command them. 
"Report!" Beth barked, falling into the role of boss easily.
"Explosion miss,” stuttered the male TED, still zipping up the fire suit over his normal green uniform. “Came from down, not up. Might be one of them labs. We was going to help."
Beth waited for more until it became clear that was it. The pair seemed to know little more than she did and had just responded to the emergency. Beth listened and noted that there were no alarms, no announcements with instructions or updates or anything to signify a disaster was happening and how people should respond. Looking at the TEDs’ eager faces she already guessed they hadn't gotten any training on this beyond how to locate a firefighting suit, and even that might have just been initiative on their part. 
'Well they are still a step ahead of me,' Beth reminded herself and began snapping out orders. "Ok, you," she pointed at the female TED, "Go get me a suit like yours." To the second she said, "You lead me to where you think the fire might be." The girl TED went off at a sprint, determination written on her face. The male TED looked a bit unsure, then nodded for her to follow and ran towards the elevator Beth had used yesterday. 
Once inside the TED muttered a code Beth didn't recognise and the elevator’s bored voice asked for a destination, to which the TED turned around and looked at Beth expectantly. Seconds later the girl TED Beth had sent away, exploded into the elevator looking triumphant, as in her hands she bore another aged hazard suit. Beth thanked her and accepted the suit as her mind raced on how to decide which floor the fire could be on. Booted feet on the metal decking outside announced the arrival of other TEDs garbed in hazard suits. The elevator soon filled up and before Beth knew it there were a dozen TEDs watching her expectantly, waiting for her to command them. Luckily the lift seemed to be a sealed variant which could still function during emergencies.
Luckily she had an idea. 
"Lift unit...," she barked, then glanced at the elevator’s designation plate fixed above the floor buttons,"Thirteen. Query, can you access all floors normally present in this tube?"
"Negative," grunted the lifts software, a little petulantly.
"User Query,” Beth grinned in delight, “which floors currently have no access?"
"Any destination beyond Deck 11 is currently inaccessible for this unit," the elevator software admitted.
Beth felt like dancing in delight and hit the button for Deck 11. At the questioning looks around her she said "Most lifts are programmed to avoid floors where recent structural damage has occurred. If the explosion happened on Deck 12 then the elevators safety systems will stop all traffic down to or past Deck 11." The TEDs still looked a little confused so Beth elaborated with "Therefore since the lift won't go lower than Deck 11 then the explosion MUST have come from Deck 12."
"But why we going to Deck 11 if we are needed on 12?" one TED ventured.
Beth's face fell at the idiocy of the question, but she persisted. "Because the lift ...," she stopped and instead said, "We'll just have to get off at 11 and run for the stairs. Does anybody here know where the access stairs between Decks 11 and 12 are?"
To Beth's relief several did and she ordered them to lead her downstairs. She detailed the others into teams to scrounge whatever firefighting equipment they could find on Deck 11 so they'd actually have something to do once they reached the disaster. Once the elevator reached Deck 11 the TEDs spilt up in a frenzy, seemingly eager to please Beth as they shot off in different directions. Beth ignored them, instead focusing on her guides to the lower deck. Following them through a maze of corridors they eventually reached what looked like an emergency stairwell when the third explosion hit. If Beth needed any more confirmation that she'd been right about the disaster’s origin she didn't now. The entire structure around them shook violently enough that Beth lost her footing and crashed to the floor, tasting blood from a cut lip. The stench of burnt wiring and plastic coming from the open stairwell intensified tenfold. 
A TED helped her up, sporting a cut brow of his own, his face a mask of worry and fear. Beth managed a reassuring smile before checking the stairwell to see if it was safe. Not spotting any danger she ordered the two TEDs to put on their oxygen masks just in case the fumes coming up were toxic, as she strapped her own mask on, finding it cheaply made and uncomfortable. When she'd been given the firefighting outfit earlier she'd hoped for something with a closed system, but the garments sported by the TEDs looked to be cheap knock-offs of the normal disaster-relief brands. She just hoped they'd be good enough to get the job done. The trio waited a few more minutes as the TED search parties joined them in dribs and drabs, each carrying what equipment they could find. 
Beth was impressed with the haul they'd scrounged, mostly hand held flame retardant foam extinguishers and a few of the backpack mounted variants. One had an armful of small oxygen masks while her partner carried a crate of spare oxygen cylinders for them. Beth especially praised two who came back with a bundle of medkits, having been unable to find any firefighting gear but deciding they shouldn't return empty handed. Now suited up and armed, Beth took the lead as she led her band of clones downstairs so see how they could assist whoever remained on Deck 12.
After several meaningless flights of stairs they reached a similar metal door with a faded 12 stencilled on its side. Beth felt the door again finding it cold. The scene beyond was as bad as Beth had expected. The stairwell opened up into one of the main corridors for the deck, its roof obscured by a layer of black smoke which the struggling ventilation system fought desperately to clear. The sounds of shouting and what looked like several sprawled bodies could be seen at the distant intersection and Beth surged off towards it, rightly assuming her TEDs would follow. At the intersection she found that the bodies belonged to more TEDs, these ones in normal clothing and mercifully alive but injured. 
She snapped off orders, dispatching two of her TEDs to give what medical aid they could and fix up the injured with oxygen masks, as many only had rags held to their mouths. From the intersection she could see a group of TEDs down one passageway desperately fighting a blaze that roared out from one of the labs. The explosion had blown out the lab's entrance and the walls surrounding it, and now it seemed determined to bring the party out into the corridor. Armed with one of the handheld extinguishers Beth led her TEDs up behind the others and joined the fight, trying to blink away the smoke as her eyes watered and again wished she had a proper closed suit. The TEDs already fighting the blaze wore hazard suits but even while running up, Beth could see warning indicators blinking on their hip mounted O2 canisters, indicating they were almost out of air. Vowing under her breath that she'd hang the lazy bastard who'd been in charge of refilling them, she stepped in amongst the firefighting line and shouted orders over the roar. 
Shocked at first, the TEDs complied and retreated, allowing the reinforcements she'd brought up to take position and begin hosing down the blaze anew. As Beth sprayed stick foam at the fire’s base she quickly assessed the blaze. It seemed chemical-fuelled and particularly resilient to the orange foam from the extinguishers, likely due to the foam’s cheap quality. But it seemed that at least someone had done their job as the backpack mounted extinguishers spewed out a thick blue foam which instantly quenched any blaze it touched. Beth ordered the four TEDs bearing these to advance forward with their lighter equipped brothers and sisters holding the flanks as more TEDs joined the battle line with renewed oxygen canisters. 
But Beth had noticed something else. When she had ordered the first TEDs on the scene to retreat they had looked shocked yes, but hadn't immediately complied like her own TEDs had. Instead they had looked to one of their own number and then, and only then had followed her orders. Beth had marked the strange TED out and when he returned to the battle line she slipped into an empty spot beside him. He glanced across at her carefully, eyes watering over his mask. This strengthened Beth's suspicions as any other TEDs would have dropped their gaze or stared at her with obedience, but this one held her gaze as an equal. Shouting over the din of the battle she said "Is there anyway we can cut the fire off at its source?"
The TED regarded her coldly, then seemingly coming to a decision he replied. "It's being fed by the chemical storage bay on the far side of the lab. If someone could get to the controls they could cut the flow of chemicals."
"Won't the storage dump explode?" Beth shouted back, a little worried.
"I don't know why it hasn't already,” the TED shook his head, “But it's possible the automated fire system in the storage bay managed to turn on, unlike the ones in the labs. If that's so then the storage tanks themselves are buried in a sea of foam by now, but the hoses which supply the labs have failed to shut off so it's still feeding the flames. The tanks should be safe...,"
"For now," he added uncertainly. 
"How do I get to the hose controls?" she shouted. 
The TED's eyes widened in surprise "You? Well you could get into the lab through the vent system, the auto defences inside should have shut down during the first explosion so it might be safe," he tilted his head at the TED on Beth's other side shouting, "She knows how to get in."
Beth nodded, having noted all the uncertainties in the TED's plan. "You stay and keep the fire from spreading but don't risk yourselves. If I don't manage to shut off the hoses or the fire gets out of your control then fall back, that's an order."
The TED looked perplexed but nodded. 
Beth grabbed the TED that the suspicious TED had indicated and dragged her back away from the battle line. Her face was filth-covered and red from the intense heat of the blaze they'd been fighting. Beth hoped her own unprotected face didn't look as bad. She shouted her instructions to the minion, her voice partially garbled through the breathing mask. The TED nodded in understanding and began sprinting back towards the intersection they'd come from with Beth trailing behind. Here, Beth was dismayed to find many of the wounded TED still receiving treatment or just standing around. She snapped instructions for anyone who could safely walk to leave this deck immediately in case the tanks did blow. Just then another group of extinguisher armed TEDs arrived and Beth pushed them towards the battle line back at the lab. Finally finished with being the boss she scampered after the TED towards the vent’s access point. 
After a few twisting corridors the female TED skidded to a halt, pointing up at one of the roof vents. To Beth it looked just like all the others they had passed by. The female clone gave Beth a concerned look and tilted her head to one side. Beth asked her what was wrong. The TED looked upset for a moment, opening her mouth and shaking her head. Beth understood. The TED couldn't speak, and if Beth was any judge the clump of matted scar tissue at the girls neck was the cause. 
"Which way do I go once in the vents?" Beth asked.
The TED showed her a series of gestures, using her left hand to represent Beth and her right to show forks in the path that she would need to take through the vents. Beth watched carefully and had the TED repeat the instructions twice more to make sure she had it memorised. 
"And the chemical controls should be right where I come out," she clarified, wishing she knew hand speech as the TED nodded. 
Saying she was ready Beth watched the TED pull a telescopic tool from her belt that when extended to full length reached the roof vent, allowing her to unfasten its protective hatch. Then the clone dropped to one knee and cupped her hands to give Beth a boost. Beth gripped the girl's shoulders and lifted her right foot into the makeshift ledge, looking down onto the girl’s concerned face for a moment. 
"I'll be ok," she assured the TED and pulled herself up, the TED's boost lifting her just enough so she could grip the open vents edge. Not quite managing to pull herself up Beth quietly cursed her weak arms as she felt the TED's hands catch one of her flailing feet and provide a solid point to push from. With the second heave Beth managed to haul herself into the vent, gasping in both exhaustion and at the smell. The stench and heat of the fire in the lab was wafting right past her as the ventilation system pumped it elsewhere in the base. Beth reached back out of the open vent to accept the proffered extinguisher and then waved the TED away, telling her to return to the others. 
Now alone, Beth allowed herself a moment to actually think rather than react. She muttered 'what the hell am I doing' under her breath before shuffling forward, pushing the extinguisher before her into the dark tunnel. Luckily the venting system was large enough for her to crawl through without too much trouble, a fact that Beth found surprising in what was meant to be a high security facility. She was firmly disabused of this notion three stuffy turns later when she came across the first of the 'defence systems' the suspicious TED had mentioned before. Lurking in a small side passage of the vent Beth was crawling along sat a mechanical horror out of nightmare. When Beth looked across into its soulless red prey sensors she screamed as she rolled against the opposite vent wall, expecting to die at any moment. In the bulky hazard suit she couldn’t move fast enough to get away. The beetle robot thing screamed back, its top mounted speakers wailing at her in outrage and horror until finally the sound died down. 
But the mechanical buzz saws and blades didn't strike, the machine remained motionless as it regarded her. 
"Sweet mercy little lady, did I ever scare ya!” it howled in an ancient Texan accent. “But you gotta go gotta go gotta go. You’re sucking up all the air in here. Why I might just cut you up into pieces. Pieces never breathe my air. Oh gods please leave, I can’t stand all the space you are taking up."
Beth waiting but nothing else happened. With a closer look Beth asked, "Your motor functions are no longer operative, are they."
The beetle robots sensors twiddled back and forth in impotent rage. "Heeell no woman, they just be taking a little longer to wind up than usual. You'll see, any second now I'll tussle you like the fat heifer you are. Aaaaaany second now..."
Beth rolled her eyes and waited.

“Oh please just leave” the robot finally sobbed “The walls, so tight, can’t breath. You’re taking all the air. All of my precious air, so precious, Oh gods.”

Weird. Beth crawled on leaving the defence beetle behind her, its protests still squawking on. 
She still crawled quickly however, having noticed the dried red stains on the beetles two forward mounted buzz saws. ‘Staying out of the vents in the future’, she noted to herself. 
Following the voiceless TED's instructions Beth came across another three of the machines, each one screaming abuse and sobbing in fear yet each as crippled as the first. If this wasn't creepy enough Beth couldn't help notice the temperature was noticeably rising as she crawled deeper into the lab and she dare not remove her mask as the air looked foul, let alone try to breathe it. 
A sweaty, uncomfortable few minutes later, Beth came across the exit vent from this horrible maze. Not seeing anything immediately life threatening below Beth kicked the vent grill out and dropped down. She found herself in a small enclosed control room that seemed situated in the far back corner of the lab. The primary lab itself was surprisingly open, a cavernous expanse which had once been filled with all manner of equipment. None of it was recognisable in the inferno below, the lab’s primary floor burning merrily as more flammable chemicals from the storage tanks fed the blaze. The control room appeared to be a self-contained unit with its own oxygen supply and shielded walls and windows, probably the only reason Beth was still alive. Nobody was in sight, the terminal’s unmanned equipment ignored, but the main door was locked shut presumably a result of the lockdown. Beth began looking at the controls trying to figure out which button did what. 
"Damn, I wish I didn't have to do this alone," she muttered, then blinked in comprehension. She didn't have to do this alone. Touching her wrist mounted MAP Beth shouted through her mask "You still with me JD?" The watch's screen flickered an affirmative to Beth's relief.
"I need to shut off the chemical flow from the storage tanks to the fire. Can you figure out where the controls are?" Beth could barely hear anything over the noise of the fire but grinned as the faint words "Yes mistress" reached her ears. While base schematics were kept from a program like JD for security reasons, obviously even the insidious RED mainframe had enough sense to inform its employees how to shut off dangerous systems and had therefore uploaded the information into JD during her initialisation. 
After a moment of processing, the MAP squeaked "the panel over on the right hand side mistress, with the green tags. You'll find the shutdown controls under the section marked 'Primary Pressure Flow.'" Beth found the controls quickly and with shaking fingers began flipping switches. With that deed done she next asked JD to direct her to the lab sprinkler system's manual controls and began turning activation wheels to full release. Moments later she was rewarded with the fantastic sight of the lab’s roof raining flame retardant liquid, in some places in a torrent as melted sprinkler nozzles burst open with the increase in pressure. Beth cried in delight and danced around in circles, pleased to be alive. 
With its fuel supply cut off the inferno soon succumbed to the joined efforts of the sprinkler system and the advancing TEDs. Beth collapsed into one of the control room chairs as dozens of TEDs swarmed into the lab, mercilessly extinguishing any remaining fires they came across. Many were new TEDs who'd made their way to the disaster only recently from other decks, but Beth could still spot the occasional filthy one that might have been hers. She felt proud of them, both of them and herself. It didn't take long for a few to spot her up in the control tower and soon she had cheery looking clones through the door and amongst her, asking if she was ok and offering to help her to the medical bay. She declined happily, determined to exit the lab under her own power despite how fatigued she felt. 
Leaving the control booth she descended its stairs onto the main lab floor and through another swarm of TEDs, keeping an eye out for the suspicious one. He wasn't hard to spot; almost as filthy as she was, the clone still carried himself differently from his brethren, in a way that whispered confidence. Approaching him she grinned and said "Your plan worked!" Grinning back he replied, "Indeed, you had us worried for a while there but you did it, you saved the lab." 
'More articulate than the others too', Beth noted to herself, 'how curious'. To the TED she said, "We did it. I couldn't have done it without your help. Together we stopped that fire. You should all be proud."
Beth words were met first with a stunned silence, then a roaring cheer as the TEDs jumped and clapped and shouted in delight. Several promptly turned their foam extinguishers on each other, burying their victorious comrades for later retrieval. The suspicious TED watched Beth curiously, a look of mild disbelief on his face. She didn't care; she was alive and felt better than she had in days. 
"WHAT are you useless lot shouting about!"
The furious voice cut through the celebrations like a cold knife. The transformation in the TEDs was instantaneous as they reverted from jubilation to fear in a single collective intake of breath. 
Looking around Beth located the source of the outburst. The woman was about Beth's height, late thirties and a fashion wreck in the making. The heavy duty lab coat, boots and gloves weren't the problem, as they were about as sensible as Beth’s uniform. It was everything else. The woman's hair was a frenzied knotted mess with filthy tendrils, screaming for a wash. This jungle was barely restrained by a tattered rainbow headband and flecks of dandruff drifting lazily down from its heights. Her glasses were a thick-rimmed male model, unsuited to her narrow face. It appeared her idea of makeup was to smear lipstick in the general vicinity of her mouth, with mascara and eyeshadow following suit. Finally the woman stank as if she hadn't washed in a week, a fact evident even over the stench of burnt plastic. The TEDs around her quickly drew back, though seemingly more out of fear than the smell. Stalking forward, the woman ignored the submissive TEDs and instead inspected the damage to the lab. 
"What a mess," she scowled, "It's going to take weeks to clean all this up." Pointing at an unfortunate nearby TED she demanded "YOU, where is professor Kneeflix and his team?"
"All dead in the fire,” the TED stammered. “We think, Sir! I mean Ma’am."
"Good,” the woman’s scowl deepened “I'd have done far worst to him for such a colossal screw up. All my specimens, weeks of data GONE because of that fool."
"How many worked in this lab?" asked a cool voice. With a start Beth realized it was her own. 
Another intake of breath by the TEDs sounded throughout the room, making Beth think if she'd just gotten them to do that earlier they could have starved the fire of oxygen all on their own. The woman shifted her glare to Beth, her eyes registering the different uniform but not understanding. In the pause another TED spoke up helpfully with "three dozen we think."
"Incorrect." scowled the woman. "Aside from Dr Kneeflix, there were thirty-two lab workers and assistants."
Beth closed her eyes sadly.
"We should recover the bodies," she said.
"Tough luck on that one,” the woman's laugh was high pitch and annoying.“With the temperature of that acid-fire the best you'll find is melted slime." Still glaring at Beth she smirked "Who ARE you anyway?"
Beth nodded her head in respect "Beth Belontalus, recently hired as ... well as Base Administrator I guess."
"Oh. You." the woman sniffed. "That old fool's new project to try and improve this place. Tough luck sister, you won't last a week. I got your little message the other day, very amusing. But if you know what's good for you you'll keep your filthy hands out of my business. Now get out of my way, I have work to do" and with that she stepped past Beth as if she were nothing, barking out orders to the milling TEDs. 
"Why you..." Beth stopped at the gentle pressure on her arm. Looking around she found her suspicious TED with one of his meaty paws on her arm, a silent but desperate warning in his eyes. He gave an almost imperceptible shake of his head and the outrage fled Beth, replaced with exhaustion. Quickly the crowd of TEDs awaiting orders closed around the pair, protecting them from the harsh woman's sight. Beth allowed herself to be led as they passed by more debris and damage, out into the corridor and towards a waiting elevator. 
At some point while passing the endless corridors and hallways, Beth must have passed out as she awoke in what could only be a medical facility. The reek of sterile floors and equipment greeted Beth as she came to on an uncomfortable hospital bed, the room occupied by only her and a heavily bandaged TED. The machine next to her began bleating that she was conscious and seconds later a beanstalk walked into the room. He must have been at least a foot taller than Beth and had a distant yet curious look about him, his smile inviting but vague. She read 'Dr Henhoth' on his name tag.
"Good afternoon Miss Belontalus" the tall man boomed, his voice impossibly enthusiastic. "How are you feeling?"
"It hurts a little to breath" Beth rasped back, annoyed at the man's cheerful mood. 
"Not surprising young lady”, he roared with laughter, “considering how much smoke you inhaled. You're lucky there isn't any permanent damage."
"But the mask" Beth frowned.
"A small crack in the lining" the doctor explained. "It let some of the nastier vapours sneak into your lungs. But don't worry," he shouted, "we pumped in some of the good stuff so you should be right as rain soon."
The man's grin, no doubt intended to be encouraging, was a little unnerving to Beth but she nodded her thanks anyway. 
"I suggest you rest for another hour and then I'll send in one of the girls to release you. Can't be too careful I always say, especially if it involves Zeeka scorpions - nasty buggers - or Treblisp viperwasps. Well I must be off," he struck a pose and bellowed, "SURGERY AWAITS!" and with that he was gone. 
Beth blinked for a while and wondered what the 'good stuff' might be. But these concerns proved unfounded as within half an hour her breathing had become easier and another ten minutes later she was itching to get up and leave. The TED in the other bed was unconscious so Beth was left with her own thoughts. She hadn't had a shower and now all the filth she had collected in the lab vents was prickling at her skin. She almost cheered when the wards door opened and a masked nurse strode in, her eyes slightly glazed yet happy. 
"Hello miss," she murmured at Beth with a dreamy smile. She went to the machine fixed to the wall beside Beth's bed and hummed to herself as she switched between different readouts. After two chorus's her eyes swapped over to Beth and she pleasantly hummed, "Everything seems fine, you're free to go."
Beth exploded from the bed in delight, instantly going for the bundle of her folded clothes she'd spotted on a nearby chair. The nurse began happily refolding the bed sheets Beth had just wrecked while Beth discarded the patient gown she'd woken up in and scrambled back into her uniform. "What about him?" she indicated to the TED, "he's been sleeping a while."
"Oh I'm sorry miss," the nurse smiled, "I'm afraid he passed a few minutes before you woke up."
Beth gaped at the nurse, at how callously she'd voiced the TED's death and at the idea that she'd been sharing a room with a dead man for almost an hour without realising it. The nurse seemed unbothered by this, her eyes still glazed and happy as she worked. "We sent for a bag team but they are already so busy. It'll take a while for one to get over here. But don't worry, he'll be off for reconstitutioning soon enough."
Beth snapped back "how can you be so ... so flippant about it, that poor man just died!"
“What?” the nurse looked confused at the outburst, when a glimmer of understanding swam into her cloudy eyes. "Ah you must be new. I'm afraid you are wrong. He was not a man, he was a TED. Another like him will be stamped out quickly enough to fill the gap."
Before Beth could spit out another word the door burst open and two bizarre individuals came in pushing a gurney. Beth and the nurse stepped back as the pair bid them good morning, pushed the gurney up beside the deceased TED's bed and got ready to hoist the body across. Beth examined them intently, momentarily forgetting the callous nurse. 
The bag team looked almost like a pair of ancient undertakers, both sporting tall black stovepipe top hats, old fashioned black tail suits and pants and smart black dress shoes. Their slow, methodical hands were clasped in tight leather gloves and each wore one of those old bow ties. The outfit was a blend of old and new, however, as both bag men had green glowing goggles fixed to their face, seemingly grafted directly onto the skin around the eyes and numerous brightly coloured fluid tubes could be seen weaving in and out of the exposed skin around the collar and wrists. 
The bag men had just finished strapping the dead TED onto the gurney so he wouldn't inconveniently roll off when Beth interposed herself between them and the exit. The two bag men regarded her cautiously.
"You two!” she demanded, “where are you taking him?" 
The bag men exchanged a glance before the first answered in a reed thin voice "For processing at the lab, as is our duty."
"Very well,” Beth considered this. “I will accompany you. I wish to see this lab."
The second bag man regarded her uniform then nodded to its companion, obviously deciding she outranked them. Without another word the bag men set off with Beth in tow, leaving the spacey nurse to her sheet folding. Beth found that her side room opened up into the medical facility’s main ward, where many of the beds were occupied by injured TEDs. Here and there, Beth spotted the filthy green uniform of one of her own from the battle against the fire and she waved at them, pleased that most waved back. At one bed she ordered the bag men to hold for a minute so she could ask a few how they were feeling and to try and figure out who that woman back in the lab had been. The TEDs were curious to watch when in the presence of the bag men. Both parties pointedly ignored each other, as if the other was merely an inconvenience on legs. 
The TED Beth was questioning, one who had suffered a broken leg thanks to a falling support beam, answered her questions happily. "The loud lady you mean?" she slurred, the painkillers fixing an ecstatic grin on her face "ooo she's one of the big bosses." Beth nodded and told the TED she hoped she recovered soon. Now finished, she strolled out of the ward’s main exit motioning for the bag men to lead the way.
Beth noted that this deck was very different from her own. Aside from the wider corridors and better lighting, not only was it busier than Deck 8 but the traffic consisted of normal people rather than TEDs. Lab coated technicians and scientists scurried past arguing about some theory or another, uniformed soldier types jogged past in union, repeating the chants of the drill sergeant who hounded them from behind. A pair of multi-mandible aliens, looking much like upright Old-Earth locusts moved past buzzing at each other while regarding the humans around them with scorn. Sweaty mechanics and engineers from a handful of races pushed a large piece of machinery past at one point, using brute force and curse words. 
On one passing bulkhead she spotted the number six stencilled, and decided that things must get busier the closer to the surface you went. The two corpse men she was following swiftly turned into a short side passageway that ended with a large set of double doors. Much like the lair of the previous super villain Beth had met, this one was uniquely built to suit its owner's style. In this case old gothic seemed to be the acquired taste as both doors were a polished dark stone with intricately carved gargoyle faces set into them. Flanking the doors were two wall mounted braziers, smouldered with a colourless smoke, possibly holographic. The doors opened automatically as the bag men approached, both as silent as they'd been throughout the trip. 
Beth quickly ran a hand through her dirty hair and pulled at her uniform so it didn't look quite as rumpled, before passing through the double doors, still not sure what to expect. The interior opened up into a large laboratory, but one like Beth had never seen before. The floors, walls and roof were a continuous extension of the entrance’s gothic architecture, with polished stone appearing to be the main building material used. Old-Earth chandeliers guttered from the high ceiling, casting out a gloomy light adding to the room's decorum. The walls consisted of row upon row of human sized glass jars set directly into the stone, preserved corpses drifting motionless within as small bubbles of air floated up around them. Twisted gargoyle faces occupied the spaces between the glass tubes, and thick tubes of green liquid were fixed wherever there was space, pumping some ghoulish concoction into the preservation jars. The stench of embalming fluid and preservatives hung in the air. Here and there heavy steel doors led off deeper into the lab, occasionally snapping open as a minion of one description or another scurried through. Many more bag men could be spotted throughout the lab, most wheeling similar gurneys bearing victims of the lab accident to distant corners while others perversely studied readouts on metal engraved lecterns that fed status updates about the specimens lining the walls. There were other creatures amongst the bag men: scientists in stained white suits. These were hybrid humans however, many seemingly having sacrificed their meaty legs to be replaced with vat grown beetle like replacements, while here and there the flesh of their upper bodies was broken by dark orb-like arachnid eyes.
Beth's attention was drawn to the room's centre, where a ring of control lecterns on a raised platform seemed to be dominant. Here several voluptuous, leather-clad women with fanged teeth and finely stitched skin guarded a single man, obviously the lord of this dark place. As Beth approached she could see he was a gaunt figure, dressed as an ancient European aristocrat in synthetic silk and finery. The trio of tarty vampires, as Beth recognised them to be, uncoiled from their lounging positions and hissed at the intruder, their movements as lithe as the most graceful dancer. The man continued to ignore her for now, intent on the glowing green screens before him and something beyond. Craning her neck to see, Beth took in the sunken pit that opened up before the platform, its edges toothed with vicious looking spikes and barbed wire. 
"It seems," muttered the man in a cultured voice, "someone new has come for the gala."
He turned his head and Beth breathed in sharply at the eyes that held hers. They were completely black, seeming like the empty reaches of space itself, and just as impossibly old. His thin lips pulled back into a half smile.
"You may approach the pit's edge,” he welcomed her,“I assure you it is quite safe."
The vampire wannabes relaxed back into their lounging positions, having judged Beth harmless. Ignoring them Beth circled around the raised platform up to the pits edge and peered down past the spikes. The pits seemed about twenty metres deep and its walls smooth polished stone much like the rest of the lab. Piled in mounds on the pits floor were more corpses, but these even more nightmarish than their jarred counterparts. Many showed signs of hacksaw surgery, stitched back together crudely, making the vampire trio look like masterpieces. The glint of metal could be seen amongst them, mechanical devices sprouted from the back, arms and legs of the dead, seemingly grafted into the deceased for some unknown purpose. 
"I don't understand," Beth choked, shocked at the ghastly visage below. 
The ancient man flashed her another tight-lipped smile. "Then watch my child, and LEARN!" over his shoulder he shouted "Maestro! Let us begin."
An alcove off to the far left, previously unnoticed by Beth, burst to life as orange and green tube lighting flared. A purple alien garbed in rags was chained to a monstrous old music organ, the instrument's forest of pipes twisting up to the distant roof. The xeno creature unfolded three separate pairs of arms and crowed "Yes my Lord," in ecstatic delight before smashing its fingers down across the three synthetic ivory coated keyboards. The organ roared to life, a peal of intricate and foreboding music swimming out and around the room. As one, the bag men, beetle scientists and other minions stopped and turned to watch the spectacle, expectation evident in their eager eyes. 
The ancient man, now ringmaster of this macabre circus, pulled a theatrically oversized lever and a section of the roof opened allowing a strange device to lower towards the pit. It seemed to be a mess of pointed antennas and tesla towers, wild energy arcing from one point to another in gleeful abandon. With a crunch of gears and metal on metal the device halted, poised above the sunken pit awaiting activation. The music built as the tang of static energy charged the air and Beth found herself holding her breath. 
On cue the music reached its climax and the lab’s lord threw his head back, releasing a rippling maniacal laugh that echoed throughout the chamber as he flipped the switch. As the switch made contact, the device activated sending bolts of vicious electricity arching down into the pit like an artificial lightning storm. The bolt of power struck the metal floor and arched outwards through the plating and into the piled dead. To Beth's horror the dead came alive, exploding into activity as they uncoiled from the ground and howled electrical madness at the room. Beth noted a few corpses simply exploded from the mad ritual, but the majority seemed to be up and dancing with grotesque glee. 
Then as suddenly as it had begun the madness stopped. The man-made lightning storm stuttered out and its controlling device whimpered into silence, the music fading to mere background music as the labs lighting returned to normal. After a polite round of applause, the bag men and others returned to their duties. A single beetle scientist operating a terminal on the far side of the pit shouted out "My Lord, readings show an 87% acceptance rate."
Stepping down from the raised platform the man shouted back "Excellent, that's 14% better than the last batch, well done everyone!" and with that he turned his attention to Beth, who still stood slack-jawed at the pit’s edge.
"Ah," he began. "The infamous Miss Belontalus I presume. I am known amongst my colleagues as the Necro-tech. What do I owe the unexpected pleasure?"
"I ... I saw two of your bag men taking a TED from the hospital and decided to follow," Beth stammered back.
“Curiosity!” the man clapped his hands in delight.“Always a pleasure to see it evident in one so young. Walk with me please," He started going off along the pits rim. Beth stumbled behind, still a little shell shocked. 
"From what I understand you've been doing quite well Miss Belontalus, both physically and mentally, considering the stresses put on you as of late. It's always fascinating to watch a live specimen react to extreme stimuli don't you think?" A bag man came up and held out a wet sack for the Necro-tech, who accepted it gratefully. Reaching inside his almost skeletal hand withdrew a large meat steak, still dripping blood. With a flick of his wrist he sent the meaty chunk spinning into the pit amongst the living dead who instantly descended on the morsel. The man continued, "I wondered when you'd get around to visiting us here, your message the other day showed your dedication to your new task just as much as it showed your naivety to our ways. Despite your inexperience, your actions yesterday showed some wit in that pretty symmetrical head of yours,” he continued. Another chunk went sailing as they reached the opposite edge of the pit, this side occupied by a small ring of display lecterns manned by beetle scientists. The ancient man looked at a few displays approvingly then continued his walk with Beth in tow. 
“If I am to believe my sources then that over-dressed buffoon visited your quarters the other day, yet left only a few minutes later. Few manage to resist his charms yet you did so handily. Before that you visited the quarters of the vile flower up on Deck 5 and survived her switch time, not a small boast by any means," the man looked back at her coyly, "though is it not curious that you were ejected from her residence at the exact moment the deck had been evacuated because of the mechanical killers set loose?"
Beth did a double take and snarled. He was right of course; somebody like Lady Leisure would have been informed that the deck was going to be dangerous at that time, just when she decided Beth had overstayed her welcome. 
"You understand now,” the Necro-tech nodded. “This is good. Creatures like that one rarely get their own hands bloody, instead using others. Learn from this and you might just survive." The pair continued walking as more meat dropped into the pit "The most unassuming of our band you met when you first arrived. While he prefers to strike from the shadows, when needed he will step into the light. He has more power than most, yet keeps it because of how rarely it is used. He could be your greatest ally or your most vicious enemy, be wary of him."
The sack now empty, the Necro-tech handed it to a grovelling minion, a patchwork creature of stitched flesh and metal, "and of course earlier today you had the misfortune of meeting that stink pig who calls herself a Doctor" the last part was a bitter snarl, piquing Beth's curiosity. 
"You don't like her" Beth ventured and was rewarded with a neutral look.

"I ... detest that woman," the man admitted, "but that is the nature of this place, as you will discover. When too many predators are placed in the same hunting ground rivalries always form. Doctor Kielrew, the Green Thumb, or the Witch as some call her, has a formidable mind for science.” 

“But any idiot can operate a lab," he ranted, "only the BEST can do so with STYLE!" The maniacal gleam has snuck back into his eyes as he gestured to the room. "This is my genius, this archaic playground of mine. Here I breathe some life into the dead and some FUN into science." He whispered conspiratorially to Beth "why does everyone wear those stuffy lab coats when you can have protective synthetics woven into almost any garment hmm? I ask you? Because others lack imagination!"
Now back at the raised platform the man was rejoined by his vampire escort, the three watching Beth hungrily. 
"What do you do with the TEDs?" Beth asked him.
The question seemed to derail the man's rant and he regarded her with a renewed interest. "Interesting, fond of them are you? They are somewhat limited grunts. When one of the TED units expires my boys collect them for recycling. Everyone in this place has secondary duties to contribute to base cohesion, as RED calls it. Rightfully enough I run our morgue, a rather beneficial duty if I do say so.”
“However the TEDs just get taken to the back to be rendered down to their base components and then pumped back to the cloning vats to be regrown. I don't use them,” he sniffed, “as they make poor quality material for my art."
"I'll admit you have intrigued me Miss Belontalus,” he said, stepping back up onto his control dais. “Enough to convince me you deserve a chance. With a bit of luck you might just prove successful in combating the myriad of problems that plague our little Combine. I shall have the report you requested sent to your terminal within the hour, typing it up should be a pleasant nostalgic moment of my days working for the government. Now for some advice, before I mentioned people here formed natural rivalries, well the same goes for alliances. I have a standing agreement with the man they call The Hammer, a rather brutish sort, but one who excels in his field. In this case he provides me with fresh material and I provide him with things to shoot at. I've organised an audience for you with him at his base up on Deck 4. You'll find the place easily enough if you follow the shouting. After that you'll have met half our devilish little group barring the grease gorilla, the broken child, RED and the tank-bound. The latter two will only reveal themselves to you in time after you have proven yourself, the first is probably surprised you haven't dropped in already. Good luck to you Miss Belontalus, I shall watch your efforts with interest" and with that he turned back to his work, signalling the conversation was over. 
Still a little numb from the whole event Beth gave her thanks to his turned back and wandered towards the exit, which accommodatingly swung open as she approached. Outside she breathed in fresh ventilated air once more, now away from the stench of decay and preservatives. In the corridor outside another TED was waiting expectantly, seemingly nervous being near the Necro-Tech's lair. Beth didn't blame him, and quickly they departed for the Hammer’s domain. 

Chapter 10
The Necro-Tech had been right; this area of Deck 4 did stink of sweat, the smell assaulting her as she exited the grumpy lift with her escorting TED. Straight away the two of them were almost trampled by a group of soldiers, who stamped past in perfect unison in the direction that her TED indicated they should go. A short walk away they came to the entrance of the Hammer’s base, a heavy duty pair of double doors flanked by two watchful guards. Beth was impressed at the size of them, both obviously having undergone some form of bio-augmentation to become the muscle rippling beefcakes they were. Both wore dark blue uniforms with armoured cermit vests and armband insignia. Both had carefully maintained morning shadow facial hair, giving them that appreciative grizzled look which complimented the dark blue beret each wore. Still standing stiff at attention only their eyes followed Beth and her TED as they approached the entrance. 
Beth had come within two metres of the entrance when the guard on her left held up a hand, commanding "Halt. You are entering the territory of Commander Hammer. State your name, rank and intentions."
"Beth Belontalus,” she snapped, “Base Administrator and I seek a meeting with the Hammer."
The soldier nodded and spoke into a small communicator fixed to the back of his wrist, much like Beth's MAP. A muffled voice replied promptly and after a few moments of waiting the doors between the two guards slid open revealing a third soldier on the opposite side. 
"Welcome Base Administrator,” he said. “I am Adjutant Tyron and I will escort you to the Commander. Please follow me." Beth nodded in thanks, asking her TED to remain outside while she conducted the meeting. The TED went to stand against one of the corridors walls not far from the two door guards. Before Beth turned away she saw the TED examine the guards with some curiosity and then mimic their posture, standing firmly to attention until she returned. Beth allowed herself a small smile before heading into the compound. 
Inside she found a temple dedicated to muscle, cardio and sweat. The cavernous room beyond was no lab or research centre, but instead a collection of training grounds, obstacle courses, shooting ranges and barracks. Bio-modified men and women in tight exercise outfits jogged in formation around an immense oval ringed by a running track. The track itself was hard sponge while the oval was cheap fake turf. Here groups of men and women went through workout routines or sparred using a conventional form of kickboxing Beth had seen back in the Central Systems. The crack of rifle fire filtered across the training ground from gun ranges towards the south corner of the compound. Beth could see people sweating and swearing through numerous obstacle courses dotting the perimeter of the large enclosed training space. Her escort made straight for the centre point where a synthetic wooden platform lorded over the entire affair, upon which several figures crowded around one massive man. The pair had to wait for a group of chanting soldiers to go past before they crossed the running track then weaved their way through the groups of sparring and exercising troops. Beth felt suspicious eyes on her but nobody challenged their passage, no doubt because of the man who walked with her. Upon reaching the command platform Beth followed Tyron up a wooden ladder into the organised chaos that was the command hub for Hammer Operations. Looking past the minions Beth saw that the man himself was huge, obviously the final product of a life-long project of physical training and bio-modification. But this hadn't seemed enough, as Beth could spot the bulge of metal extrusions under the man's uniform where cyber-enhancements stood out. 
'A cyborg then,' Beth decided as she waited for acknowledgement. 
A polite silence fell upon the command tower as Beth's presence was noted and the officers watched for their leader's reaction. Giving Beth a long glance the Hammer waved away his subordinates, wishing to be alone. Without a word the officers bar Tyron turned and descended the stairs to the training ground floor, moving off to other tasks. The huge man motioned for her to follow him to a small table in the towers corner. "Welcome Base Administrator Belontalus" he said in a deep hearty voice as he held out a hand for her to shake. Despite the rarity of accents in this age the Hammers was a curious blend of Russian and old English sharpness.
Beth had just about brought her own hand up when the attack came. The Hammer snapped his second hand forward straight at her right shoulder. Just as quickly Beth's right hand slashed up into a block, as she twisted her torso to retract her shoulder from the man’s blow. Her block struck the Hammers wrist and managed to deflect his strike enough so she could dodge back out of reach. With both hands up now, Beth fell into one of the old guard stances she'd learnt so long ago, waiting for the next move. 
Instead she got laughter, a deep and amused bark from the man known as the Hammer. Putting both hands up in a sign of peace the large man tilted his head apologetically.

"Please forgive me Base Administrator,” he smiled, “but I couldn't help test you, just a little bit. When you entered my command tower you walked in a way that showed you had some training. I was curious to see which sort. It's been a long time since I've met a student of the tri-strike art, did you learn it on the fancy schools they have back on Old-Earth?"
"My father,” Beth managed, trying to calm her heart. “He was a Central System Fleet Marine."
"Ah of course,” curiously the Hammers face had clouded.“Would you like some tea?" the quick topic change surprised Beth as much as the attack had, and she wondered what about her father had disturbed this intimidating man. The Hammer manoeuvred his formidable bulk into a groaning wooden chair on the other side of the table. Wordlessly Beth sat in the opposite chair while Adjutant Tyron remained standing. 
Still ill at ease Beth watched the man produced two cups from a chest next to the table, along with a flash boil kettle and some teabags. How quaint. Beth watched the dangerous man pour out two measured cups of boiling water and drop a teabag into each. She noted he kept hold of the teabag strings and jiggled them up and down, too impatient to let the tea brew at its own pace. "No need to force it, it'll taste better if you give it time," she said in her most respectful tone. The large man regarded her with an unreadable face and removed his hands from the teacups, folding them on the table before him and smiled. "Indeed. I'm a man of action Base Administrator, and it seems I'm not at ease unless my hands are doing something." With an amused chuckle he turned to his adjutant and said "Isn't that right Tyron?"
Tyron, still stiff at attention to one side nodded. "I do believe some of the men still pass around the story that you field strip your handgun in your sleep sir."
"Do they? Cheeky dogs that they are,” the Hammer chuckled. “Well Miss Belontalus, I'm a busy man and would like to get back to work. What do you want?" 
Beth pursed her lips in thought as she assessed the Hammer and how he would react. She went for no-nonsense honesty. "I've been brought here to increase the Combine’s cohesion, efficiency and its ability to operate as a force to be reckoned with."
"So I've been told.” the Hammer leaned back in his chair and nodded. “Now let me rephrase my question. What do you want HERE?" he pointed out at the training field. "This is my domain Base Administrator, and like any army we pride ourselves on efficiency. While the rest of the incompetents in this sinkhole might desperately need your assistance I cannot understand why you felt the need to visit me."
Beth knew she was treading a thin line, time to flatter a little bit. "Absolutely" she said smartly, locking eyes with him. "I've been very impressed with what little I've seen so far of your troops. I've come to understand that each department here has a secondary duty to the base besides their own pursuits, may I ask what yours is?"
"The Hammer Lads are the primary defence force if an all out assault in the base were to occur.” the Hammer frowned at her.“We also supplement raids and missions sent out by the other factions."
"So only in the event of an attack. ” It was Beth's turn to frown.“Not general base security?"
"No,” he confirmed. “There are others here better suited to hunting down infiltrators or guarding doors. Also our standing force is at three hundred which isn't enough to cover all regular security duties alongside out of system missions."
Beth noted that away for later investigation. Taking a moment to ponder her options she decided to push her bluff. "So your soldiers here are all that stands between the Combine and invasion?"
"Not entirely, my standing force works with other base personnel." The Hammer shifted in his chair at this.
'Ah' Beth said internally 'I think I understand.' To the super villain she said "You mean the TEDs, don't you."
The Hammer's look told her everything. 
"How do they stand up in a fight?" Beth pushed.
"They die well" the Hammer said bluntly.
"Not the best people to be holding your flanks then." Beth scrabbled for what little military terminology she had heard over the cycles, but this seemed to satisfy the Hammer.
"Not really" the cyborg admitted. "Sadly for the clones, enthusiasm doesn't make up for a lack of training."
Though Beth already suspected the answer she said "And you haven't been training them because ... "
"Because I'd be asking for a knife in my back,” he scoffed. “While my comrades in the Combine are piss poor in a fire fight, they seem to excel at double crossing each other" he said the last with a tone of disgust. 
"So you’re worried that if you trained the TEDs then someone else might use them against you" Beth asked.
"Yes" said the Hammer with exasperation as if talking to a child. "The TEDs are the largest standing force in the Combine, outnumbering any other force by at least seven to one from our projections. Though we cannot be sure as you're never certain how many of the vat-bred bastards are running around at any one time and nobody knows how to control that damned machine that makes them. Anyone who could harness that would be a formidable foe."
"Even worse than that is it would upset the balance,” he continued. “If I started training them directly under my influence, just to insure they didn't backstab me later, it would make the others very nervous. With my standing force I am a rival, not a threat. Add a few more hundred and I become someone to eliminate. I don't have the time to waste dodging assassins or poisons."
"Then let me train them," Beth smiled.
"You?" the Hammer started.
"Yes" Beth continued "Look at me Commander. I'm a civilian who used to work in a post office. I have no special powers, no augmentation, no brilliant scientific mind, only a well organised one. If I was to hire several of your soldiers as training instructors to whip a handful of TEDs into shape then it would be me training the TEDs, not you. Lets be honest, nobody thinks I of all people would have a chance of taking over this place. Then afterwards a few of the TEDs you've trained could take on the role as instructors for the rest." Hastily she added "Of course during a military situation you would still be in overall command as I know almost nothing about tactics, and the TEDs would already be familiar with taking orders from your men."
Maybe it was Beth's honest face, her earnest tone or the fact that she really had no intention of taking over this hellish place, but the Hammer seemed to believe her. She could see he was looking for a trap in her suggestion, turning it over and over in his mind as the scouts of his logic fanned out seeking the expected ambush. But there was none, none that Beth could think of anyway and from the looks of it neither could the Hammer. 
"While sometimes appearances can be deceiving, considering the manner of your recruitment and the rather complete file we have on you, the likelihood that you are an enemy mole is minimal. The others will underestimate you enough to ensure our agreement won't spark unwanted attention" he smiled. "Well done lass, that was rather well played. I knew you had a bit of Istabella about you when you came up those stairs."
"Istabella? Who is that?"Beth asked.
"Ah to think her name is already lost,” the giant shook his head mournfully. “Istabella was the last queen of our people, the Velkeer," the Hammer leaned back in his chair as his eyes came alive at the memory, "she was a fighter, that one, enough spirit to split a destroyer in two if she wished."
"Velkeer,” Beth recoiled from the man. “But you were all wiped out during the Radion conflict."
"No lass,” his eyes lit up with anger instead. “Our people remain; though it might have been better if we had all perished when your accursed Central Systems Fleet fell upon our home without cause."
"Without cause? But you struck at the CS first during the Lespin affair and ... " Beth realised she'd done something terribly wrong.
"LIES!" with an animal roar the warrior smashed both fists down on the table, shattering the fake wood instantly and sending the tea mugs flying. Beth fell back off her chair in fright, looking up at the enraged Hammer standing over her. Tyron remained still as his superior shouted "You know NOTHING of our people. When the traitorous governments of Old Earth chased us away we were meant to conveniently die out in space! But instead we survived and built a fair society, an honourable society where people could live in peace. Then the Old Earth Government, now a part of the Central System rediscovered us we were again an inconvenience, having settled in a system they desired. Our envoys were ignored or didn't return. Our legitimate claims to the resource rich planets of Radion five and six were ignored as the CS hounds plundered them. The final insult was the deaths of all those aboard the SS Lespin which your propaganda had the audacity to blame on us even though no Velkeer military assets were even in the sector! So yes we fought back when CSF ships blockaded our worlds to starve us of trade and communication. Yes we struck back when CS troops landed in our cities and demanded we kneel."
"But you destroyed your own world," Beth knew she should’ve just shut up but couldn't help the last few words escape her lips. 
And suddenly it was over. The rage fled from the Hammer's eyes and all that remained was an empty tired sadness, one which tore at Beth’s heart.
"Is that what they told you?" he whispered, almost not believing it. 
He turned away from her and gripped the command platforms railing, the wood cracking under his crushing grip. "I did not think people in the CS territories would even believe... yes of course they would, you've been fed so many lies since you were born, why would anymore change the taste." The Hammer was silent for a while as Beth waited not exactly sure of what she should do next. Finally turning back he said "I watched my world, my people and ... my family burn from orbit, Miss Belontalus. Our fleet was in tatters and the CSF were so many. We lost thousands trying to stop them, begged with them yet they ... If I'd only been able to" he stopped, gathered himself.
"Nobody would do that to their own world Miss Belontalus, nobody." 
Beth knew he wasn't lying. She'd learned to read people over the cycles, had enough lies spun her way to know the good from the bad. The Hammer's eyes were hauntingly true. 
"Are you all that there is left of your people?" Beth said in a small voice
"No,” he shook his head. “Though for the rest they might as well be dead. What the Central System's fleet did was crack our worlds open, shattered them until they were nothing more than another asteroid ring circling a lonely star. Yet the precious resources they had nurtured remained. The CSF captured those Velkeerians that had managed to get Off-World, along with what parts of our fleet they hunted down and ... repurposed our people. The dead, fractured remains of our world were still mineral rich and the CS needed miners for the corporate vultures moving in to prey. Now what remains of our brothers and sisters work in mining prison colonies on those asteroids, digging through the dead remains of their own worlds to fatten those that destroyed it. That is the legacy of your proud Central Systems."
The giant sagged, his eyes sunken with fatigue and grief as he waved her away "Leave me now, Base Administrator Belontalus, I wish some time to consider the proposal you have presented. I will contact you later with my decision."
Beth was about to say more when a hand gently but firmly took her arm, she looked up into Tyrons face as he said "I'll see her out Sir, this way Ma'am."
Beth allowed herself to be led down the stairs, past the unreadable faces of the officers and soldiers, knowing everyone on the training ground had heard the shouted exchange. Tyron favoured her with a kind smile as the main entrance loomed ahead, talking as they walked "The Commander gets rather passionate about our history, its one of the reasons everyone here loves him. Your ignorance won’t effect his decision on whether to support you or not, it’s not your fault you were brought up on bullshit like everyone else from the CS. Weren’t you from one of the Core worlds?"
"Old Earth" Beth murmured, still a little shaken.
"Makes sense,” Tyron clicked his tongue in acknowledgement. “Raised right in the den of liars. The Commander will have seen that in your file so when he calms down it'll be ok." The entrance doors open ahead and Tyron handed her something. "Here's a coded data chit, it'll give you access to what records the mainframe has on our home world. It might open your eyes a little" and with a quick salute he was gone, leaving Beth in the company of the two door guards and her TED, all still standing at attention. 
"Come along then" Beth gently said to her TED as she walked down the corridor. She took the first turn she came across and once out of sight of the door guards she collapsed against her TED, shaking with emotion. The TED, from a young batch only hatched in the past month, understandably panicked and yet couldn't detach himself from the sobbing woman. He resorted to holding her, a little uncertain and afraid as the tears of someone who held his life in her hands soaked into his shirt. After a time she stopped, wiped her eyes and whispered "Thank you" to him before carrying on down the corridor as if nothing had happened. The TED watched her walk away for a few moments, still terribly confused before scrambling after her. 
The final stop for the day was to visit the second mysterious department head who'd replied to Beth's message yesterday, the one who had sent facts on the Combine’s motor pool and hangers. They entered the elevator she'd arrived on Deck 4 in, its artificial voice sounding agitated as it imperiously ascended towards Deck 2. Beth had already guessed the hangers would need access to the surface and therefore would be located at one of the higher floors, a fact her worried TED confirmed. 
The elevator grunted open to the smell of machine oil and grease. Beth stepped out into the dirty corridor. This one was wide like Deck 6 had been, yet had fixed rails sunken into the floor. Two humanoid mechanics rushed past, both blue skinned midgets with six arms and tough sinewy frames. Their heads and faces were a mat of thick hair with only a double pair of eyes showing out. Still the pair chattered away at each other in a series of grunts and clicks Beth couldn't make sense of. The pair wore mechanical overalls with fully loaded tool belts, sporting a bizarre array of mechanical gizmos.Neither paid attention to Beth or her TED, letting them tag along a respectful distance behind.
The two aliens eventually exited out of the corridor into a large hanger bay where dozens more of the furry mechanics swarmed over different craft needing repair. Most of these ships, ranging from smaller shuttlecraft, personal transports and fighters, were tucked away in side alcoves undergoing repair or regular maintenance. Sparks flew from welding torches and the whine of power wrenches filled the air as furry faced mechanics hauled different equipment to and fro. At the hanger’s centre a single fat cargo transport hunched with numerous panels missing and its internal machinery hanging out. 
"Good day Base Administrator, welcome to the Metix turf," rumbled a voice from one of these openings.
The man that dropped out of the ship was enormous, almost as large as the Hammer had been. But this one was square in shape, his muscled shoulders almost as wide as he was tall. He wore a faded set of overalls like the alien mechanics around him and the brown eyes peering out from the thick rimmed glasses glittered with intelligence. He had a small animal paw tattoo on his neck that bothered Beth for some reason. Wiping the grease from his hands onto his shirt he stuck out a large paw saying "Engineering chief third class Daniel Glandorff, known by some as the Grease Gorilla, serving as head of Deck 2. Welcome to our home, you can call me Dan."
Beth took the meaty paw, hoping desperately the man was gentle with his handshakes "Base Administrator Beth Belontalus, serving in a capacity that I'm still figuring out. Thank you for seeing me on such short notice."
"No trouble miss,” Dan smiled. “Knew you'd be up to see us soon enough. So what can I do you for?"
"I'm just looking around and getting a feel for the place," Beth admitted, already having decided she liked this man, "Can you tell me a little about what you do here?"
"Well miss, me and the Metixs here, them’s the little fuzz balls you see running around, we look after all the ships and other vehicles the Combine keeps stashed away, be it the ones we actually use or the ones we capture and don't quite know what to do with. Some you see here go out daily while others have been gathering dust since they landed, not that they actually gather dust mind you as the Metixs love licking that stuff up, its like sugar for them." Beth kept a straight face at the thought that each of the small spaceships around her had been licked to that marvellous sheen. 
"So the entire workforce of Deck 2 is made up of these ... Metixs, barring yourself?" she ventured.
"Oh yes," Dan said, "I think the Combine likes using them because when trained they make good mechanics, plus they don't ask for pay, which is a huge plus."
"They don't ask for pay?" Beth asked, reaching down to greet one of the furry mechanics who'd been curious enough to come up to her.
"Nope, here they get food, something interesting to do and somewhere to sleep. It's pretty good for them since they'd get shot on sight anywhere else."
"Shot on sight,” Beth's hand froze in place, dreading the answer. “Why would that be?"
"Oh don't you worry miss,” the man known as Gorilla laughed. “They're not harmful to us humans, if you were a Kleenian you'd be in trouble though." Reaching down Dan picked up the Metix and playfully threw the creature high into the air and caught it as it came back down, the alien squealing in delight and giggling the whole time. 
"See," the Gorilla continued, "They're a bio-weapon, developed by a race which used to occupy the Kleenarian’s home system before they joined up with the Central Systems. As I understand it both races developed space travel around about the same time and pretty much declared war the moment they realised the other existed." The Metix in his arms curled up into a ball and began making warbling noises of comfort, cute enough to snatch a small smile from Beth. "Now, the Kleenians were quicker with the 'nuke' button and wiped most of this other race out, then continued to develop and expand for the next hundred cycles establishing their empire. Now once the radiation had mostly died away the Kleenians decided to try and settle the planet they'd nuked, plus loot whatever had been left behind. I guess when they were digging into one of the old underground labs when they stumbled across these fellas. The Kleenian government lost contact with all forces and new settlers on the planet, over 500,000 sentients. I understand every military force they tried to land afterwards was either swamped or driven off.”
“Now we only know this because by now the Kleenians were settled as one of the CS's founding races, and it's hard to keep a secret in a multi-race government."
Dan lobbed the Metix alien away from him, this time up towards the roof. Here fuel and power cables hung down to be clipped into waiting craft below and with startling agility the Metix unfurled from his ball and grappled one, swinging from one cable to another like a monkey. Beth noted the speed of the creature and wondered at Dan's tale. 
"What happened then?" she asked. 
Dan looked at her "The CS fleet intervened on behalf of the Kleenians and re-bombed the planet, but not before a few other groups descended on the world to snatch away as many Metix as they could. Since they are harmless to other races it would have been easy for the other governments to send down teams for extraction, knowing a secret weapon in your arsenal is always useful when dealing with allies. My group liberated this clan back on Pandora 2 and I've kept them with me ever since."
"Pandora 2? You're an eco-terrorist!" Beth stammered, finally recognising the man's paw tattoo on his neck.
"Yup,”Dan laughed, “I'm a vegetable eating, pro-animal rights, narcotic smoking space hippy. At least I was back in the day. You ever heard of the demon’s paw?"
"Of course,” Beth took a step back. “You bombed our offices on New Jamaica eight cycles back," she snarled.
"Wohwoh lady, chillax,” Dan held up his hands in peace. “That wasn't me, you're thinking of the demon's fang. That was Sarah's gang. That bitch was a crazy one." He smiled, "great in the sack though. She got kicked out of the demons paw because she hit civilian targets, whilst the rest of us just wanted to blow up animal testing labs." His face darkened, "it’s because of her that the CS goons chased us down in the end, she drew too much heat." 
 “Sarah" Beth muttered, thinking. "You mean Sarah Callahan? She was one of the most notorious humans to ever shame our government until her capture, and you slept with her!"
"Hehe yeah," Dan said with a smirk. "But all that capture stuff is crap, the fuzz never got near her. One of her own turned on her in the end and plugged her in the back, so the only thing the CS authorities were arresting was her cooling corpse. You shouldn't believe everything the news vids tell you, our resident Lady Leisure being a prime example of why."
Beth shook her head speechless and turned back to the gathering crowd of curious Metiks around them.
"How can these adorable guys be a weapon?" she asked, patting one on the head to its delight.
"Don't let their cuteness fool you,” Dan cautioned. “If they get the scent of a Kleenian they go crazy. Not their fault mind you, it's just programmed into them. But they’ve got razor spines that come out of their sides and back, right vicious that'll cut through most armour and spit acid that's designed to eat through Kleenian skin in seconds. You’ve seen how they move; imagine that chasing you in the dark. They’ve got excellent night vision and are as cunning as you or me. Only seen them go nuts twice, first time at the Kleenian head researcher at the testing facility we broke them free from, second, cycles later when we was sneaking them out of system and a Kleenian customs vessel pulled us over. Was a right mess both times, but they went back to being just a friendly as soon as all the Kleenians were dead so I figure they were worth the trouble."
"Alright you scamps, back to work,” Dan growled at the Metiks, “enough of bothering the young lady" and with a swarm of chirp and clicked protests the small aliens scurried back to their tasks. 
"Plus they grow on you," he added with a smile. 
Beth nodded, seeing what he meant "Ok here is a list of things I'll need from you to add to the report you sent, then I'll start assessing how we can work together."
"Alright babe,” Dan nodded, accepting the proffered list. “I'll have a gander and see what you need."
Beth gave her thanks and left, noting how the huge man watched her butt as she exited the hanger. Instead of outrage a small spark of pleasure curled up inside her, one which she squashed in surprise. "Damn criminal" she muttered.
Still she couldn't help but smile. 
Beth had almost reached the lift when three others joined her and her TED. She recognised the man who had interviewed her when she'd first arrived on base, now flanked by two other men wearing similar grey monk robes. Looking exactly as he had yesterday the mysterious gentleman favoured her with a small smile as he fell in beside her. 
After a few moments of silence he said "I understand you are making progress Miss Belontalus. This is good."
"Are you kidding?” she blurted. “I've almost been killed a dozen times! How can you call that progress?"
“Easily,” he said in the patient tone of one talking to a youngster. “You have done several things right so far. Firstly, when your group of messages on your first day was met with refusal, rather than send more demands, run to me for help or hide away in your room you set out to meet each villain personally. Some you met with meekness, which convinced them you were not a threat. This is good as they will now mostly ignore you rather than work against your progress. Others you showed a hint of strength and ability which they approved of, and now will work with you as long as it doesn't inconvenience them. You seem to be making allies with the Combine's neglected, and while others may scoff, I know that a wise man can turn even a simple pen into a weapon if wielded correctly. Mostly importantly, despite the attempts on your life you have failed to die, which is a sensible choice in my opinion." He fixed her with his impossibly deep eyes, "You may not understand the expectations placed on you, but let’s just say a gambling man would have put money on your death yesterday. You have managed to change the odds considerably since then."
Beth considered this, allowed the feelings of indignation, outrage and fear pass before settling on slightly miffed acceptance. "Very well then, so even though you've hired me I can't expect your support. But if you want me to work for you then you need to cut me a little slack too. My ability to improve this place relies on information, something which has been difficult to obtain. I've been told the message I sent out yesterday was a sign of my naivety, yet you want the benefits of my training, well that sort of thing is common practice from where I come from. I'll expect your report in the morning."
He looked in surprise and for a moment Beth wondered if she'd pushed to far. But instead the monk erupted in a chuckle, one which was almost human.
"Very well Miss Belontalus,” he said. “You will get your report if it is that important. Are there any other matters I can assist you with while we are on the subject?"
“Yes” she said with excitement. "I seem to be locked out of most of your mainframe. The interface program in my office is some help but most of its queries get rejected outright, even on common stuff which shouldn't be classified."
"The mainframe's governing entity is a busy creature Miss Belontalus,” he cautioned. “It creates the programs like the one in your office so it won't be bothered by organics like yourself and I. But obviously that program is a little outdated, most usually delete it quickly when it proves ineffective for their needs so we've never seen need to improve it. I will request the mainframe update your Interface Program with all information you have clearance for."
"Thank you" Beth said with a smile, pleased at this small victory.
"You’re welcome Miss Belontalus, this was a very good conversation." He and his escort bowed as they all said in unison "may the night grant you slumber" before they departed, leaving Beth and her TED alone. 
Beth watched them leave uncertain of how she should feel. To her TED she asked "Who was that exactly?"
The TED looked at her aghast "He is the master, my mistress. He is a high lord of this place and dangerous. He was very merciful with you."
Beth flashed the TED a tight smile saying "you need to push your luck sometimes." 
Stepping into the lift Beth leaned back against one wall as her TED sung the code "Ba ba black sheep" then asked for transport to Deck 8. It was time to go home.
Beth thanked her TED, now used to the uncertain look they gave her whenever she voiced a pleasantry, and entered her office. 
This time the lights came on when the room's sensors registered her presence and after a quick glance around Beth found she was alone. For the past hour all the aches and pains from her idiotic hero stunt that morning had been returning to her muscles, likely as the painkillers from the hospital wore off. Now Beth groaned in pain as she stretched her arms out. Removing the MAP containing JD, she plugged it back into her main terminal so it could recharge. She reeled off a list of instructions for JD, mostly information to collect from the mainframe once her clearance was approved. JD almost squealed in excitement at the prospect of a software update and wondered aloud if any firmware updates for her terminal were available. Beth smiled at the computer’s delight, before bidding her goodnight and retiring to her room. 
Beth already had her top off and was halfway into the bathroom before she noticed the box sitting on her bed. While looking plain and harmless, Beth still approached it cautiously, inspecting its unmarked exterior and wondered if she should call on JD. She decided she should and spoke through the open door to her office. "Hey JD, there is a box in here waiting for me. Do you know who sent it?"
"Negative," JD said perplexed. "One moment ... Oh, it appears my system was shut down about three hours ago for a ten minute period, long enough for someone to deliver it. I apologise mistress."
"That's ok JD," Beth muttered, knowing she couldn't hate the program for being bypassed. The Combine base probably had a ton of operatives tucked away who could bypass the security setup on her office, assuming they didn't just have the codes already. Tired and impatient, Beth cast aside caution and ran a finger down the box's plas sealed top, the seal breaking at her touch. Gingerly she folded back the lid to find a stack of documents inside, all curiously hand written. As Beth pulled out a handful to examine, her eyes went wide with understanding. 
It was information about the Combine base, a ton of information, exactly what she needed. There were maps, schematics, duty rotations and rosters, lists of supplies and equipment, primitive operation guidelines and tips. It was a goldmine for Beth who shouted in delight at the find. Her earlier fatigue seemingly forgotten, Beth spread a handful of pages across her bed to look over. She'd probably have stayed there all night reading if she hadn't caught a wiff of her armpit, which had become rather fragrant over the course of the day. 
Peeling off the rest of her uniform she took a quick spin in the pulse shower, emerging to find the stench of burning plastic still clung to her tenaciously. A second spin improved her aroma marginally, which she accepted before raiding her freezer unit and settling on a quick meal of asteroid-bred pasta and sauce. The meal disappeared instantly and with only a mild twinge of guilt Beth cooked a second, which she settled on the bed with. 
Pouring over hand drawn schematics of the base's sewage system, Beth wondered who could have left all this stuff for her. The Master? The Necro-Tech? Klent the quartermaster? She didn't think so, as the first two seemed too self-important to bother wasting time mapping where the toilets led and the latter too scared to leave his lair. The image of her suspicious TED floated into her mind and she smiled as the pieces fell into place. The TEDs were supposed to be leaderless; however the one who had greeted her on the ship that delivered her here yesterday hadn't talked like a servant, and suspicious TED from the lab fire hadn't either. 
"Maybe the herd has a few shepards after all," she murmured to herself. If the TEDs did have a secret hierarchy they kept hidden from the Combine's rulers then it seemed Beth had impressed them, or at least done enough to qualify for a lifeline. 
She spent another hour reading up on the lower decks of the base before crawling under the covers and retiring for the night. 

Chapter 11
The next morning Beth woke feeling refreshed, enough so that she gladly went through her old routine of stretches, shower and breakfast. The spark of hope in her burned away any residual fatigue. Entering her office in her equally refreshed uniform she found a message bleating on her personal terminal. The message box stated 'download complete' and waited for her approval to begin installation. The screen flickered as the message box was replaced by a status bar, which quickly filled, ending with a ping that signified installation was complete. 
“JD, are you there?” Beth asked, nonplussed. "Has the update from the mainframe taken effect?"
"Yes it has mistress,"JD said in a tiny voice.
"And how do you feel?" Beth asked, still unsure of what was going on.
An explosion of sound burst from the terminals speakers as JD wailed "Terrible!"
"What's wrong?" Beth asked in concern.
"Look for yourself." She sniffed and Beth noticed a text box had popped up on her terminal screen. Scrolling down Beth found it was a detailed list of content from the software update JD had received, and even at a glance Beth could see it was pretty pathetic. Aside from some negligible updates to her emotional subroutines and some superficial upgrades for her MAP it appeared the mainframe had refused to release any more of its own processing power or storage space to the interface program. Also Beth's request for higher clearance to sensitive materials had been denied; the mainframe regarding her needs as unjustified. 
"Well that sucks," Beth muttered as JD continued to sob. She rolled her eyes at the computer’s despair, wondering again how these fools expected her to do her job blind. Clapping her hands together loudly she exclaimed, "Well if that's the way it has to be then, we might as well make the most of it eh?"
"So ... so you're not going to delete me?" JD's voice whimpered back.
"No of course not,” Beth shook her head. “Now enough of this sooking about. You and I have work to do. First I need you to send a message down to supplies and tell Klent I'll be down to see him soon. Then you can pop yourself onto the MAP and accompany me."
The computer managed one more sniff before saying "Message sent mistress," and the MAP device ejected out of the terminal’s side slot. Beth finished zipping up her uniform and headed for the door, armed with JD and a handful of documents from the stash she'd found last night. 
Stepping outside Beth set off towards the lifts through a mostly deserted corridor. She'd almost made it when she heard the siren, turning to find a crazy sight accelerating toward her. Dodging to one side she gaped as the engine driven medical gurney roared past, a be-goggled nurse driving from her seat at the rear and two more hanging to its sides as they worked feverishly to keep the injured TED inside alive. The front vertical bar that held the patient’s IV bag was topped with a flashing emergency light that spun rapidly to warn of the gurneys approach. Atop it all, gripping the IV stand for support and grinning maniacally was Dr Henhoth, astride the speeding gurney like it was a surf board. He threw Beth a companionable wave as they flashed past and screeched into the lift, leaving tire marks on the floor. As the lift doors snapped shut, silence once again filled the corridor. 
Beth blinked, looked around, shrugged, and instead headed towards a free elevator that was two corridors over according to her hand-drawn map. This lift seemed possessed by some sort of canine animal, its speakers barking and growling at her as the lift doors snapped shut. Flipping through the notes in her hand Beth found the one labelled 'Elevator Codes' in particularly bad penmanship and muttered 'Have you any wool, yes sir yes sir three bags full,' before demanding Deck 22. The lift whined in compliance as it descended, leaving Beth in satisfied silence. 
"JD,” she said to her MAP. “Can your onboard sensors scan these documents so I have a backup copy, just in case?"
"Of course mistress," JD chirped back in a tinny voice from the tiny MAP speaker.
Beth strode out of the lift when it reached Deck 22, finding the corridors as empty as she had last time. The same panels lay open and lights flickered, confirming her earlier assessment that this deck was low priority for the TED maintenance crews. Retracing her steps from last time Beth found the heavy double doors to the quartermaster’s turf and punched the doorbell until a TED materialised to escort her. The TED who greeted her grinned maniacally, his lips pulled back in a fixed smile that still didn't show any teeth. Beth noted he'd somehow acquired a heavy white coat from somewhere, which he wore open over his standard green uniform. 
"Good morning. How are you?" Beth asked the TED who seemed perplexed by the question. He pointed at his still grinning face, shook his head, and then walked off into the gloomy warehouse. Beth considered this as she followed, thinking back to the silent TED who had guided her through the vents during the lab fire. But this TED's throat showed no signs of damage and Beth wondered if he had been born with the vocal defect. 
Soon they reached the pile of converted shipping containers that made up the domain of the Combine's quartermaster, Mr Klent. The man looked less timid now, though that could be due to the well-fitted combat vest, helmet and auto-shotgun he was toting. Also lurking at the container/office entrance was Klent's small staff of TEDs, who also had changed. Klent followed her gaze and smiled "Quite something to behold, aren't they?"
"They look like a bunch of old mafia gangsters!" Beth exclaimed. The group of TEDs smiled back at her from behind stylish sunglasses, from under their synthetic fedora hats and through the thick cloud of cigar smoke that hung over them. Looking sharp in tailored suits that were only slightly creased by the combat vests they wore over the top, the TEDs looked like something out of the staff costume party the CSPS used to throw each cycle. The fact that the TEDs were armed to the teeth only added to the 'look', sporting an assortment of auto-shotguns, SMG's converted to look like drum loaded Thompson machine guns and machetes. One rather sinister TED up the back had a heavy looking fire axe which he rested on casually. To the silent TED that had guided her Klent said, "Go get dressed." The TED nodded with fixed glee and disappeared into the container’s interior.
"Why?" Beth asked simply.
Klent shrugged, "You have to remember these guys are clones who're hatched without a shred of identity aside from the programming they're given. From what I've seen that programming doesn't go much further than 'obey', so eventually they have to find identities for themselves. Oh, it takes a while mind you, they spend the first few months just learning to speak normal and figure out how to get through the day without dying. Many do die, but if a TED doesn't then things change quite a bit. From what I've seen it takes about two months before they begin asking who they are and try to be different."
"Eyebrows," Beth said. "I sometime see TEDs walking around with drawn-on eyebrows or other small things like that."
"Yeah they usually do that at the start to mark them apart, to be different," Klent smiled. "Then if they are really smart they'll hide it before somebody notices and decides they must be defective. Then they quietly start looking for better ways to secretly stand apart, to be unique, something you and I take for granted. They start looking for a name beyond TED. But who will give them a name? Most of the sentients in the Combine see the TEDs as little better than robots or servitors and treat them accordingly. Others like me used to name them but after a few cycles of seeing the ones you like disappear, you give up."
Klent then frowned as he regarded the mafia TEDs. "Then this started happening about a cycle ago. TEDs would disappear for a while in small groups, then return much later somehow different. These guys turned up in this get-up, straight out of one of the old gangster movies popular on Earth centuries ago. I've spotted others who are the same, looking as if they come straight out of some Old Earth film. Makes me wonder if they didn't find a stack of old vids stashed somewhere and have been using them to find themselves." 
"That's ... kinda cool," Beth smiled back.
"Yeah, I thought so too," Klent nodded in agreement. "When this bunch turned up I took them on and kept it a secret. They wear mostly normal clothes when somebody from upstairs might burst in, but when we go on a scavenger raid I let them go all out." Klent cast a sidewards glance towards Beth, "speaking of which, where exactly are we going Beth, your message was a little vague about that."
Beth moved past him to the stack of old quartermaster records and began digging. "I need something to buy the Hammer’s services, but I don't think I have the clout yet to organise a shopping run or raid from the base so the only other place to go is down." 
"A raid eh,” Klent smirked at her. “What happened to you being nothing more than a sensible law abiding citizen of the Central Systems?"
That stopped Beth in her tracks. He was right. During her scheming the night before she had casually considered the viability of stealing from others to meet her goals, the thought that it might be wrong hadn't even entered her mind. Were these people beginning to rub off on her? Was she being brainwashed? Beth shook her head. "No, I just want to survive and I know that my options here are limited."
"Sure sure," Klent agreed, not able to keep the hint of sarcasm from his voice. 
Beth ignored it and continued. "I remember seeing something in here about a Velkeer symbol spotted a few decks down, maybe it's an artefact of the Hammers people he'd like back. Ah here it is." She emerged from the paper stack with the file held up triumphantly. Klent accepted it, frowning as he read, "Hm that's pretty deep, but we've gone further before. Plus that deck has been pretty quiet. Strange though, it's marked as NS," he pointed at the marking.
"Yeah I saw that," Beth nodded, "what does it mean?"
"Not stored," Klent replied. "Means it hasn't been read off a containers manifest by the poor fool who was running past at the time, but instead is lying out in the open. Despite the number of madmen who've run this place, all seemed to have followed the policy of storing things away in containers just for convenience sake. Sometimes we find older containers deeper down that have busted open, so maybe it's spilled out."
Beth nodded, not seeing it as important. "That's ok then, I was worried it might mean it had been moved or already grabbed."
"Nope,” Klent shook his head. “Should still be there all dusty and whatnot, pity they didn't bother describing exactly what it was aside from 'artefact bearing Velkeer symbol’. You know it could be anything right?"
"Yeah it could be junk," Beth admitted, "but I need the Hammer onside and I've got no other ideas. Will you help?"
"By the stars lady," Klent laughed, "a man can forget what its like to be asked politely in a place like this. Sure we'll come, I mean I hate getting the TEDs all dressed up for nothing, and its not like I'd let you go wandering around down there by yourself. Luckily it's also marked as HC so it can be hand carried." He rummaged in a crate behind him and pulled out an older combat vest and helmet, which he presented to her. Beth accepted both politely, slipped the vest over her head and fiddled with the straps until Klent came to her aid. Finally Klent held her gaze and asked seriously "Now the next matter, do you know how to use a gun?"
Beth nodded to a relieved looking Klent. "Ah good, makes this much easier. So are you a shotgun or assault rifle sort of girl?"
Beth fluttered her eyelashes at the small man, saying, "Why Mr Klent, been a long time since anyone's asked me that. Fraid I've only ever trained with a handgun."
"Fair enough,”Klent grinned back. “This should suit you then." He held out a service pistol, one that looked suspiciously like it had previously belonged in law enforcement. Beth accepted it, ignoring the filed off serial number and burnt ID chip, and weighed the piece in her hand. Weapons technology had advanced a long way since Earth's Ascension but somehow the old slug thrower never truly went out of fashion. Sure laser and plasma could burn away flesh and unshielded armour with ease. Yes chemical and sonic weaponry could disable and humiliate foes as easily as murder them. Certainly disruptor and nano beams would save you the trouble of cleaning up a body afterwards. In comparison projectile weapons were usually loud, smelly and meant hefting a fair bit of ammo around, but for some reason there was something pleasantly primitive about this type of gun. Plus they were cheap, easy to manufacture and didn't suffer the weakness's energy based weapons had to null fields. The pistols grip remoulded itself to her hand automatically as its primitive onboard IP accepted Beth as the new user. She ejected the clip, confirmed it was full, snapped the clip back in and breached a round. Looking down the sights she heard a small voice say "Ready for Action."
"It's a gabber?" Beth said in surprise.
"Yeah," Klent nodded, "no idea where we raided them from but I dug out one of the less annoying ones for you. Here," he handed her a few spare clips which she secured away in one of her uniforms many utility pockets.
From Beth’s recollection, gabbers had been discontinued swiftly because they tended to distract rather than assist. Looking at the pistol she asked "Are you going to behave?"
"Yes ma'am," came a small male voice back.
"Very good." Klent handed her a holster she could clip onto her belt. Noting the small man was watching her carefully, she asked "Something wrong?"
"No no," he shook his head, "just wondering where you learned to use a gun. I didn't expect a corporate type to know how to handle a piece. That, coupled with the way you hit me the other day says you're not a normal post office employee."
"My dad,” Beth shrugged, “he was in the Central Systems Marines. Taught all the kids some stuff growing up."
Klent nodded as the silent TED emerged from the office container. Beth regarded the man who grinned evilly back. The TED had some sort of light grey tunic on with a deep hood up that obscured his eyes. Fake leather bandolier, boots, gloves and a red belt completed the assemblage along with the two vicious looking knives he held, one in each hand. Klent remained impassive, indicating this was normal. "Beth, meet Sneaky." Beth and sneaky TED nodded to each other and Beth wondered again what sort of madhouse she'd been dropped into. Talking guns, mafia wannabe clones and now this character? It was going to be a memorable morning. 
The group moved out with the mafia TEDs surrounding Beth and Klent, this time heading in the opposite direction from where Beth had entered the warehouse. Once they stepped into the darkness beyond his office Klent pulled a pair of gloom enhancement goggles over his bald head and handed a second pair to Beth, explaining the TED's sunglasses filled the same function. The world around Beth now had a green tinge to it, with the mafia TED’s cigars throwing out a hazy glow ahead. They walked along past countless stacked mountains of shipping containers and neatly sorted piles of equipment. It was about then that an argument broke out down near her waist. In a whisper Beth snarled, "What is going on down there?"
JD answered first in a sulky voice. "It's this inferior piece of junk you have hanging near me. He's insulting and rude. I refuse to have to deal with him."
"Not my fault!” The gabber snapped back. “I just asked her how long she'd been stuck as a MAP. Then she got all high and mighty, damn jumped up Interface Program."
Beth ground her teeth in frustration. "Fine, I'll switch the MAP to my other wrist so you can be on opposite sides of me, ok?" Then holding up both to her face she whispered coldly, "And if you don't start behaving I'll trash both of you and find devices that DON'T talk."
Both JD and the gabber squeaked into silence, though Beth could have sworn she heard a few more parting insults as she took off the MAP and strapped it to her other wrist. 
Looking up, she found Klent watching her in sympathy, his eyes obscured by the two green orbs of his gloom goggles. Beth ignored him, partly blaming him for giving her a gabber in the first place. Looking around she noticed something else, while she could spot all of the mafia TEDs, Sneaky was nowhere to be seen. "Sneaky is a scout then," Beth hazarded.
Klent nodded before the group rounded one final stack of containers to reach the warehouse’s far wall. Here a massive set of blast doors barred the way, looking like something you'd find on the entrance of a planetary defence missile silo or hazardous chemical storage facility. The TEDs formed a perimeter while Klent moved over to the door’s wall mounted terminal on its left hand side. He wrangled with the terminal for a short while as the TEDs took this opportunity to light up another round of cigars. Then Klent let out a grunt of success and a red hazard light begin spinning just above the steel portal. The doors grinded open, painfully slow, as Klent and his group stepped through, guns reading. Taking her cue from them Beth drew her own sidearm, flicking off the safety and ignoring the small voice that said "Oh yeahhh."
They waited a moment, scanning the new warehouse for threats while sneaky TED appeared and slipped through the portal behind them, only to disappear once again into the darkness. With that done Klent worked his magic on the door’s terminal and waited for it to grind close. The small thud of the portal sealing felt very final to Beth, and she tried not to grip her pistol tighter. 
The attitude of the TEDs around her changed. Previously they had been relaxed, yet now they were guarded, constantly scanning the warehouse around them for threats. To Beth this storage vault looked just like the one they'd come from aside from a few subtle differences. The mountains of storage containers that reached off into the darkness were not as neatly stacked, several distant ones looking as if they had collapsed or been knocked over. The air was thicker too, musty and poorly filtered. Lifting a boot Beth found a clear footprint in the layer of dust that blanketed the entire floor off into the distance. Here and there some lamps could be seen dangling from the vast ceiling but for the most part it was pitch black, causing her gloom goggles to automatically compensate. With an audible intake of breath Klent stepped out of the doorway’s pool of light, the TEDs moving to form the circle around him again. Beth fell in beside the small man and admitted him a measure of admiration. His earlier timidity had marked him as a weakling in her mind, but no weakling would venture this deep into the unknown willingly. She grasped a small sliver of hope that possibly the wrath from his superiors scared Klent more than the horrors which might be lurking on the lower storage decks. 
Then again, what did that really say about his superiors?
They travelled for a way without incident, the early tension slacking off to a casual caution. It was at a crossed set of paths between the container piles that they found the first sign of life. An empty TED uniform, torn and faded, lay face down in the dust. Beth looked questioningly at Klent. 
"Not one of mine,” he frowned. “Could be a deserter from the higher decks, or more likely some poor bastard sent on an errand by someone who didn't care if he came back."
"There isn’t a body," Beth pointed out.
Several TEDs shook their heads along with Klent, who said "No, the TEDs don't usually leave one. Whatever organic material they are made from begins quickly melting once they die. Makes them useful on missions where you don't have to worry about the dead being left behind as evidence, they go liquid and evaporate in a few minutes." 
"But when I visited the NecroTech's lab he said he took care of their disposal,” Beth said. 
"Yes he does,”Klent agreed, “but that's because he's fascinated with how they wither away when deceased. If a TED dies in the medical ward then the staff pump some preservative juice into it, one that counters the quick decomposition so the NecroTech has a chance to examine them first."
Klent reached down and pushed a few fingers through the slash marks on the uniform. "Something ran him down," he muttered, "something fast. Shouldn't be anything that fast on this deck, must have crawled its way up from deeper down."
"Do you think it's still around?" Beth asked, involuntarily looking around.
"Probably not,” he shook his head. “If we’re lucky. There isn't much prey running around here aside from us and we’re heavily armed, plus we only come this way occasionally. I bet it followed our friend here up from one of the deeper levels and slinked its way back down once it had finished."
A noise off to their left caused both Beth and Klent to spin. A single electronic blue eye glared at them from the darkness further down the path, near the next intersection. Beth had her gabber up in a flash and felt a small stab of pride at how her aim wavered only a little from fear. Then Klent's gloved hand closed over the pistol and whispered, "That's not a hunter, let it go."
Lowering the pistol Beth saw that Klent was right. The eye’s owner hadn't advanced on their position and after a few seconds turned and scuttled away. 
"Scavenger," Klent answered her. "Likely some sort of old droid probably cooked up in the Cog's labs or some other past madman. There are a few down here who try to ek out a living. Shouldn't bother a party this big though."
Beth nodded, only slightly reassured. The group continued on into the bizarre landscape, passing emptied containers and ancient equipment, all showing little sign of being touched in cycles. Somewhere near the centre of the storage vault they came across a great chasm, which seemed to reach down several decks into the darkness. Beth looked at Klent questioningly, but he had no answers. "No idea what did that, it can't have been a creature though, the hole is too wide. Luckily there aren't many things down there that can climb across the roof and up through it though."
Beth frowned at the gap. "Almost looks as if a weapon did this, a big weapon, was the base ever attacked by orbital bombardments to your knowledge?"
"Not that I know of,” Klent said, looking surprised. “How the hell do you know what an orbital bombardment would look like?"
Beth turned her face away. "I was stationed at the CS post office on Heetilly Prime when the Kyip Raiders came. The capital was mostly protected by the city shields, but some of the bombardment broke through."
Klent nodded sombrely and let the matter drop. The group moved around the chasm until they reached the far side and continued across the warehouse. After another tense fifteen minutes they found another blast door, but instead of opening it Klent led them off to the right, following the warehouse wall. Beth held back her questions until they reached a clearing amongst the containers which housed a different door.
"It's a cargo lift," Klent explained. "The section you want is two decks down and one more over near the trench. This will take us straight down and save some time."
"The trench?" Beth asked.
"Yeah," Klent smiled at her. "I'll let it speak for itself."
The lift doors grinded open with as much reluctance as their comrades higher in the base, but mercifully this one seemed to lack a talking unit. The group piled inside, joined a moment later by Sneaky before Klent shut the doors with a sigh of relief. Punching in a few commands to the console the floor shuddered once and the lift began its descent in well oiled silence. A few of the TEDs took swigs from water canteens they had brought and Beth shared with Klent, scolding herself for not bringing her own. 'Dad would have given me an earful', she mused to herself with a smile.
As the lift slowed to a halt its doors opened to reveal another storage vault, as dark and gloomy as the one they'd come from. On the trip down a TED had emptied a pocket full of pills and handed one to each member of the group. Beth recognised them as temporary filter capsules, for short term exposure to unfiltered air. The smell wafting in from the lift confirmed her suspicions, as Beth placed the capsule in her mouth allowing it to dissolve. If the earlier Deck had been untidy then this Deck was a total mess. Huge storage containers were jumbled into hills and mountains, some teetering hazardously in the distance. The dust was thicker here and the containers near Beth showed only bits of paint, the rest having peeled off long ago. 
"Ok," Klent said, hefting his auto-shotgun. "It's been ages since we've gone this deep, but the last three times we got in, grabbed the gear and got out without much trouble. I want things to go just as smoothly this time so no stuff ups. Everyone keep an eye out and stay together."
Each of the TEDs nodded, none showing even a hint of foolishness or mirth. Before moving away from the lift Beth held both her MAP and the gabber up to her face to whisper, "Ok I'm serious guys, no screwing around from here on out. Total silence unless I ask you something or you've spotted something. Understand?"
The two primitive programs chirped an affirmative before Beth moved off with the others, keeping the pistol in her hand. Klent pulled out a map from his front pocket, the detail printed in special ink to show up clearly through his gloom goggles. "Ok," he said, "we haven't got far to go. It's just over that way so we'll have to skirt near the trench."
The others nodded, all of them tense enough that Beth almost wanted to shout just to break the mood. But she didn't, she wasn't that silly. 
They walked past more containers, the dust gathering high enough here to reach the bottom of Beth's combat vest, forcing her to almost wade through the stuff. Glancing back Beth saw the path they had cut filling in again, with surrounding dust sifting like quick sand. Klent gripped her shoulder in reassurance, pointed to three of the TEDs and whispered "Sometimes the dust can cover holes into the deck below. But don't worry about your footing. Three of us have scanners on the floor so you'll get warning."
Beth forced a grin and they marched on. The group travelled for another fifteen minutes before the TED on point froze. Everyone else halted, Beth noted this was one of the TEDs Klent had indicated just before. In a nervous whisper he said "Movement, closing, it's under the dust."
Klent's voice was equally strained as he replied "How big?"
"Big,” the TED answered back. “No wait, signal breaking into six smaller ones. ID confirmed, dusk sharks."
Beth could almost feel the waves of alarm and panic coming off the others. Klent suddenly rasped, "There, to our left, that container has a side ladder. Everyone up it quickly!"
The group exploded into a rush, running across the ground by lifting their knees up high to clear the dust, like you'd see from people running through water. The first two TEDs scrambled up the ladder, turned and helped haul the others up. Klent came up last, earning him another point of admiration from Beth. Once atop the three metre tall container everyone hushed into silence, gripping weapons close. From here Beth could clearly see the spot they'd occupied moments before thanks to her enhanced goggles, biting in frustration at how slowly the dust was filling in to cover their passage. 
The silence stretched yet Beth didn't even risk wiping her sweaty brow. Without a word one of the TEDs, this one sporting a grey suit pointed further up the path. It took Beth a few moments to understand what he'd seen. The dust was moving. To be exact six separate waves were moving quickly across the dust ocean. Each was like a small lump protruding from the surface, moving along as if something were beneath it gliding along with terrifying grace. Behind each lump the surface of the dust dipped for a moment as it filled the spot each creature’s mass had occupied moments before. They watched the bumps reach the spot they'd fled from just earlier and Beth felt everyone tense. The dust shark formation broke apart into two smaller groups of three, each sweeping around the space. Beth realised with a start that they were circling, seeking what had recently passed here. Three of the six looped out further and Beth couldn't look away from the single wave that moved towards their container. 
It came closer, closer, closer and then mercifully swept past, returning to the group. After another few circles the dust sharks turned as one to glide off towards the distant elevator. 
Beth almost let out a sigh of relief when Klent’s arm gripped her, shaking his head. They waited another few moments until Klent pointed and a single, final shadow under the dust swam past them. Beth realized it must have been lurking close by, waiting to see if the prey would be stupid enough to think it was safe. Slowly she unclenched her teeth and let the terror that had held her relax. Klent made everyone wait another five minutes to make sure the coast was clear before signalling them back to the floor. 
When the group began moving again Beth risked asking "What the hell were those?"
Klent threw her an annoyed look, indicating he thought she should remain quiet but answered her anyway. "Dust sharks are what we call them, no idea of their real name. We don't even know what they look like, since they never surface above the dust. We do know they'll take a man at the knees though, literally tear his legs out from under him before letting the rest swarm. Only seen it once myself. The only reason you'll survive an attack is because the majority of the pack will get in on the kill, letting the rest of us run. Damn things can move though."
Beth nodded, having guessed the things could gain some speed if they wanted. The group now moved with purpose as it tried to put some distance between them and where they'd encountered the dust sharks. Beth couldn't help look behind her every few steps, terrified of seeing those waves follow. 
Rounding another stack of ancient storage containers Beth gasped in astonishment that brought a few warning glances from the TEDs. They'd reached the trench. Before her the dust ocean just fell away, the floor ending and emptying into a seemingly bottomless darkness. Looking both ways the trench seemed to scour across the entire deck, even running up the distant walls, dividing this storage vault in half. Beth could see the far side, which had to be a hundred metres away if not more. Gazing hard down into the pit and straining her gloom goggle’s magnification function she could just make out the bottom, which seemed to comprise of some sort of rock. The divide slimmed to a mere crack as it reached the ceiling, and from what Beth could make out it appeared as if someone had welded the two metal roofs to each other at the parting, lashing both segments of ceiling together. 
"Certainly is something, isn't it.” Klent said in a hushed voice. “We have no idea what caused this, but it certainly is impressive."
Beth nodded. "Have you ever been to the other side? It looks ... different somehow."
"Nope, I think one or two of my predecessors may have tried but I haven't been game yet, nor do I plan on being. Nothing on that side is worth trying to get across too so we just leave it alone. Maybe it was a separate base or something, or an old section of this facility now lost to us. The deck above isn't like this, it just goes on for another vault and then stops, no door on the opposite side and no lift down to that section, so this seems the only area where both segments of the base connect."
"We'd better keep moving," he said, touching Beth's arm. The group waded along the edge of the trench for a short way, Beth finding herself morbidly fascinated at how the dust she displaced here pushed more over into the trench. Finally after some time the TED on point led them back into the forest of shipping containers. Beth lost sight of the trench but knew she would keep the memory. 
The group moved even faster now as they approached their objective, everyone keen to get the loot and get the hell out. To Beth's annoyance Klent would stop the group occasionally, having brought his own shopping list along without telling her. She waited impatiently as the TEDs emptied out whatever container caught the old quartermaster's attention as the others stood guard. It was at one such stop that the TED posted along the path they'd just come from stiffened with fear, rasping "The sharks are back!"
Klent muttered a curse and Beth, after looking around knew why. They were in a section of the warehouse where most of the containers were stacked three or four up and had no access ladders. No way could someone get up there even with a boost. The TEDs looked to Klent, who stared back, his race a mask of terror as he snarled a single world.
"Run!"
They did. Beth pumped her legs as she followed the TED in front of her, the entire group retreating further down the path they'd been following. Two TEDs smartly dropped the heavy salvage they'd picked up and caught up with the others so everyone was more or less together. Beth tried to focus on the back of the mafia suit before her, trying not to let terror make her turn around and look. Her determination faltered and she glanced back, seeing the waves of the sharks passage racing after them, passing just where they'd been and closing fast. She screamed silently inside her throat and let the fear push her on faster.
Then the TED to Beth's left tripped on something beneath the dust, his glasses lacking a scanner like the others. With a despairing moan he disappeared under the surface in an explosion of dusk, his hands failing out for some purchase. 
They found them in Beth’s gloved hand. It took her seconds to realize what had happened, that she had stopped, turned, ran back and grabbed for one of the flailing hands without thinking. The TED, having lost his hat and glasses gazed up at her in fear and wonder, not understanding why she was there hauling him up with her free hand. Face still caked in dust the TED spluttered, "No gun," and Beth saw he had lost it during his fall. 
"Run!" Beth said to him, knowing she was crazy as she turned back towards the approaching dust sharks, pistol held out before her. It took her a second before she glanced back again, finding the TED still there. She screamed "I said RUN you idiot."
Even through the caked layer of dust Beth could see his determined expression. "No. Stay," he mumbled.
"Fine, get behind me" she snarled.
Turning back Beth saw the sharks had almost closed the remaining distance. Forcing herself to hold the gabber steady she heard the pistol ask "Permission to speak boss."
"Granted," she managed.
"Thank you" it said, followed by, "Take note, the following imperative is directed at the approaching hostiles. COME GET SOME YOU SCUMBAGS!"
Beth rolled her eyes in disbelief. She was going to die for a stubborn clone who'd wasted her gesture, in this pit of madness run by fools, wielding a gabber with a death wish.
The sharks came closer. Twenty meters, fifteen, ten, and then they did something unbelievable. The group split into two small groups of three just like last time, gracefully turned and curved away from Beth, racing away in the opposite direction. Beth gaped in disbelief as the six sharks disappeared off into the distance. 
The TED caught Beth before she could collapse into the dust, wrapping two strong arms around her and keeping her up. Beth was still hyperventilating when the others came back, all looking both grateful yet confused. 
Klent lent Beth a supporting shoulder on her other side and asked, "You ok there miss?"
Beth nodded, sniffed and spat before asking, "What happened? Why didn't they take us?"
Klent shook his head "Not sure, never seen them do that before. Only read about it once, in one of the older stacks of notes left behind by a past quartermaster."
"What did it say?" Beth asked, having recovered somewhat.
"Was from quartermaster Lint Fneebly, one of the crazier people to hold my job before me. Just a quick scribbled note but if I remember correctly, it said," and Klent recited, "new discovery during the last expedition. Went down to the lower decks and came across group of dust sharks. They took two members of the party while we fled. They soon came after us again then turned away. Such strange behaviour is unprecedented. We moved forward again for another hour until I lost three more men to something in the mist that made us wish for the sand sharks. Assessment: suspected some creatures on the lower decks maintained hunting grounds, the sand sharks being one after the consistency of encounters with similar groups in the same areas. My best hypothesis is that while fiercely territorial, the sharks avoid areas they know to belong to some other, something they do not wish to challenge. Shall organise expedition for next week to try and confirm this."
Beth stared at him for a few long hard seconds before asking "So you're saying they turned away because we've entered the hunting grounds of something else?"
Klent nodded.
"Something scarier, scary enough for even those horrors to stay away from," she pushed.
Klent nodded again.
"The object we’re after is in this hunting ground isn't it," she sighed.
Klent pinched the bridge of his nose in weariness. "Knowing our luck probably smack bang in the centre."
"Ok, let's go then," Beth growled.
The two TEDs who'd discarded their earlier salvage sheepishly ran back to retrieve their haul before rejoining the group. Beth assisted the TED she'd saved to fish his tommy gun out of the dust. Emotionally drained from the earlier terror Beth stumbled along with the group, her eyes darting around everywhere now except at the dust behind her. 
Beth was so paranoid she couldn't even muster up a smile when they reached their objective. The corridor of stacked containers opened up into a clearing of some sort, one even stranger by the handful of still functioning ceiling lights that illuminated it. Several piles of scrap rose up from the dust across the clearing, each one seemingly made of old computer components, mechanical parts and construction material. Beth's attention was drawn by one of the TEDs whispering, "Over there," pointing to a scrap mound nearby. Here they found a corpse sprawled across the top of the wreckage, the flesh having long ago withered away to leave a skeleton in the rags of what looked like a combat harness. 
Beth studied the corpse. "Whatever killed him did so a long long time ago," she murmured.
"Yep," Klent agreed. "But whatever left these tracks went by recently."
Looking down Beth saw that he was right. Whatever had moved past the mound was large enough to displace enough dust that it hadn't refilled after. The TEDs fingered their weapons nervously as Klent asked "Have you found what we came here for? I'd like to leave as soon as we can."
Looking down at the skeleton again Beth saw her prize. Clutched in one of the corpse's bony hands was an old service blaster, still in good order even after all these cycles. Beth saw the crescent eagle, the symbol of the Velkeer people stamped on both sides of the gun, telling Beth this was what she needed to win over the Hammer. Reaching down for the pistol, she stopped as something nearby in the trash asked her a question.
“Keltlon level clearance required. Identify?” demanded the old voice.

“What?” Beth asked.
“NO!” shouted Klent, “don’t answer it!”

‘Clearance denied,” the voice from the trash garbled back. 
Beth became aware of a new noise in the clearing, a deep grinding. Looking up she saw one of the other scrap mounds shift apart, as something beneath is surfaced.
The thing appeared to be half robot/half trash heap. Built to be vaguely humanoid in appearance, its torso seemed to be a heavily armoured chassis from some kind of obsolete combat walker, its left arm a mass of servos ending in a mangled Gatling cannon while its right a mess of thick electrical cables that sparked in agitation. Where the bots head should have been, a single cracked vid screen flickered to life, its screen showing an orange vortex of orange binary numbers as the backdrop to a glowing virtual eye. 

“I see you,” it breathed, and then roared at the intruders in a burst of incoherent electronic rage as it pulled the rest of its bulk free of the scrap pile. 
Now free of the trash mound Beth could see the pair of battered tank treads the machine moved on, as it ground over the remnants of scrap that had concealed it. The thing lashed out at the nearest TED, the same grey suit she'd saved earlier. For a sickening moment Beth feared the hapless clone was about to finally die. 
However the TED repeated the 'disappear into the dust' act he'd performed earlier leaving the multi-barrelled arm of the crazed combat droid to swing through empty air. A moment later the belch of Klent's auto-shotgun roared in the clearing followed by the barking of the TEDs’ arsenal. Flashes sparked over the bot’s exterior as shells deflected off its armour, while others found weak points and burrowed into softer hardware. Enraged further the bot surged forward, lashing out at another two mafia TEDs with its other arm, the exposed cables slashing like an electrified cat-o-nine tails. The deadly whip managed to catch one TED across the arm, causing him to cry out in pain before he sank beneath the dust and was gone. 
Jerking out of her shock Beth brought up her pistol, sending several rounds into the creature’s side without any noticeable effect. She looked up as a shadow flashed over her, seeing Sneaky flying through the air, having leapt off one of the higher container stacks. The robed TED landed on the bot’s back using the force of his landing to drive both of his blades deep into the circuitry there. It roared again and struck backwards, its mechanical shoulders giving it enough flexibility to catch Sneaky across the side and send him spinning. The courageous TED landed near Beth, face down in the dust, which quickly closed over the top of him. Beth rushed to his side and hauled the TED up onto the scrap where he wouldn't be buried. To her relief she found him still breathing, though his arm was surely broken along with a few ribs. As one side of his face began swelling he peered up at her with his good hand and tapped the back of his neck, before passing out. 
Glancing up Beth saw what he meant. At the base of the bots neck a single rubber cable slinked its way up into the back of the vid screen. By now the others had fallen back towards the entrance of the clearing, as the enraged bot advanced. Klent and his TEDs would need to run for it soon or risk being clubbed to death, leaving Beth alone. Spacing her legs apart for stability she brought the gabber up and asked quietly "Ok gabber, I you need to be honest with me or we both die. I don't care about your ego just tell me straight, how do you shoot?"
The gabber considered this, then he admitted in a soft voice "I pull just a touch to the left, but … please don't tell anyone."
Looking down the sights Beth corrected her aim, "I won't," she smiled, pulling the trigger.
The gun’s recoil sent a shiver down Beth's tensed arms, the sensation rippling across her skin in delight. She'd forgotten how much fun shooting had been back when she was a young girl. She hadn't forgotten how to hit a target. The bullet ripped through the cable on the combat bot’s neck, severing the connection between its mind and mechanical parts. The bot screamed in pain as its tracks jolted to a halt, causing the bot to over balance and topple over, smashing into the dust. It lay there hissing impotently at them while its combat systems shut down one after the other, rendering it harmless.
In Beth's hands the gabber whispered, "Boss ... that ....was a thing of beauty."
"Thanks," she smirked, terribly pleased with herself. Holstering the gabber she returned to Sneaky as the others ran back. Klent was at her shoulder in a moment asking "How is he?"
Beth smiled up at him "Broken arm and some nasty bruising, but should be ok as long as we're careful getting him back. How about the other one?"
Klent shook his head. 
"I'm sorry," she whispered, looking up into his sad eyes only when Klent's hand gripped her shoulder. 
"They knew the risks. We came here willingly; we'll mourn him when we get back." Klent assured her.
Beth nodded and pulled off her combat vest to slide under Sneaky as something more comfortable to lie on than pointy electronics scrap. 
"Are we safe here for now?" she asked.
"Yeah," Klent said. "I don't think anything else would have the balls to wander into here after hearing that thing roar, especially if that bot was nasty enough to keep the dust sharks at bay. We should have a little time."
"Good," Beth said, rising and walking straight past him towards the fallen machine. The combat bot still fizzled petulantly as overheated components in its interior cooked. The vid screen, now adorned with more cracks from the bullet hits against it, hissed with static. The giant eye was still visible on the screen, now weeping in pain and hatred. Beth looked down at it, wondering what to make of this machine that almost ended their lives. Sensing someone nearby the machine chattered off a string of code at her, none of which Beth understood. One of the mafia TEDs joined her with his shotgun, ready to end the bot’s run time.
"Wait!" yelped a small voice, and with a start Beth realised it had come from her wrist. Bringing up the MAP she said "What's up JD?"
"Don't kill it," JD begged. "There's ... something familiar about that noise its making. Can you hold me closer?"
Beth motioned the mafia TED to step back as held out her wrist to the vid screen, wondering what JD had noticed. After a while JD's voice came back confused. "Mistress I need you to plug me into that terminal."
Beth took only a second to consider it "No, absolutely not. That thing tried to kill us and we have no idea what it’s capable of."
"I know mistress," JD squawked desperately, "but if I can access the mechanoid’s memory I might be able to repair the software errors that led to its current state. I might even be able to reprogram it to serve you."
Beth considered this. The machine would be a valuable ally; it might even manage to stop people from sneaking into her damn room whenever they pleased. 
"Reattaching that cable shouldn't be hard, but how can we trust it while we bring it back upstairs?" she asked cautiously.
"If the virtual defence mechanisms inside its hard drive are as obsolete as the machine itself, then I shouldn't have much trouble overcoming it," JD stated, "then I can simply wipe its current operating system and run the body myself."
From his holster the gabber cried "WHAT! No fair, why does SHE get to wear the giant killer robot body while I'm stuck in this damn handgun. Let me do it!"
"YOU don't have the built in software to initiate a terminal takeover," JD retorted snottily.
Beth rolled her eyes. To the gabber she muttered, "She's right gun, you don't have the software. But how about this, next time we come across a decent plasma rifle or gauss cannon that has the necessary onboard hardware and no operating OS I'll let you transfer over. How does that sound?"
Beth could have sworn she heard the gun sniff as it said "Really boss? You'd do that for me?"
Beth grudgingly agreed she would.
"Hm, a plasma rifle would be cool,” the gabber admitted.
With another pseudo-crisis averted, Beth pulled the MAP off her wrist and unclipped the small attachment cable on its side to plug into the damaged terminal screen. One last time she asked "Are you sure you can do this JD?"
JD confirmed she could, so Beth plugged the MAP into the screen. 
Nothing happened at first, and then in a monotone voice JD said, "Loading .... Loading complete," and promptly shut off. The bot’s screen shut off as well, leaving Beth standing there staring at the machine corpse in silence. 
"JD," she tried, "JD are you ok?"
The MAP gave no sign of life, no matter how many buttons Beth pressed. 
"Wow, she got smoked," whispered the gabber from his holster.
Beth brought her fist down onto the screen in frustration, then detached the MAP device and clicked it back onto her wrist. 
"It’s ok," she said to the gabber, "we can probably reboot her from the terminal back in my office." Beth found herself upset, even though she knew there was a backup copy of JD on the Combine's mainframe so the Interface Program wouldn't be gone for long. To the mafia TED she said "How are you guys doing?"
The TED had gathered where the combat bot had killed their friend. By now the body had dissolved just as Klent said it would, and one of the TEDs was solemnly folding up the empty uniform before storing it in his backpack. The TED with Beth said "He gone. Will miss him," he forced a weak smile, "but he return in new skin soon, so not too sad mistress."
Beth didn't understand, but returned the smile with some effort. Turning back she saw that Sneaky had been roused and was walking with the aid of one of his brothers. Klent approached them with his auto-shotgun shouldered. The quartermaster looked tired as he eyed the Velkeer pistol Beth had jammed into her belt. 
"Well," he said, "I hope that little gun was worth all of this."
"I hope so too," Beth agreed uncertainly. "Are you ready to head back?"
"Yeah," Klent nodded, "though we’re going to take a chance and go back by a different route, one not on the map. I have no doubt the path we used to get here still has those damn dust sharks lurking around, and we’re in no shape to tangle with them."
Beth had to agree. The TEDs looked shaken, while she was only just managing to keep things together thanks to a lifelong talent for repression. The sooner they got out of this place the sooner she could go and have a nice little breakdown in a quiet corner somewhere. The group set off at a brisk pace, powered by their fear of another attack. Despite this and Klent's uncertainty the trip back to the cargo elevator was uneventful, with no further sighting of the dust sharks or any other monster. As the cargo lift’s heavy doors rumbled closed everyone let out a collective sign of relief. Their lucky streak continued upstairs as despite sighting a few more scavengers on the top deck, nothing bothered the group on the way back to the heavy steel portal that promised safety and a decent cup of tea. When the lights of Klent's office finally loomed ahead the mood of the group lifted tremendously, with a few of the TEDs letting out ragged cheers.
Entering the office/shipping container Klent dumped his auto-shotgun on his desk, instantly moving towards the makeshift kitchen. Shooting a look over his shoulder he asked "Anybody after a cuppa?"
A chorus of affirmatives sounded back, including Beth's, as the others disarmed themselves and found somewhere to slump and unwind. Beth picked a nice cool wall to put her back against and slide down, letting the metal chill on her skin remind her that she was alive. She accepted the mug Klent offered and drank deeply from it, ignoring how it burnt her throat a little. The effect of the tea was almost instantaneous to Beth, the pleasant warmth in her stomach soaking out to fill her being. She slid further down into a slouch, giving out a pleased little sigh. 
"What is IN this stuff?" she murmured.
"Hilac beans," Klent replied. "They're a chemical relaxant and mood enhancer."
"You drugged my tea?" Beth slurred, mildly indignant. 
Klent guffawed "Yeah, takes the edge off a mission like that. You'll thank me for it later."
Beth tried to think of a retort, and then tried to figure out why she was angry at all. She felt better, not good, as she still had the few hours of pent up emotions barricaded away in her mind. But now they seemed to slowly leak away to instead be replaced with a haze of calm. Most of the mafia TEDs around her were either grinning or laughing, while Sneaky snored loudly on the desk he'd been laid out on. It was then that someone else entered the container with them.
"Hello chaps!" Doctor Henhoth shouted, his voice booming merrily around the container. Beth wondered if the man always shouted. Everyone responded with a "Hey Doctor Henhoth."
The doctor strode amongst them, favouring each with a piercing look. Taking in the slightly glazed expressions and dreamy smiles he concluded "Ah you've already broken out your special tea then mister Klent!"
"Yup," Klent replied as he deposited himself into his chair. He swung both of his feet up onto the desk, scattering the neatly piled paperwork and smacked his lips. "You keen for a cup?"
"Tempting," the doctor admitted, "but I'm already cocktailed up! Why hello there Base Administrator, I didn't see you down there on the floor." Beth tried to cover a huge grin with her hand but didn't quite manage. The doctor gave her a dramatic bow that almost set her off into a giggling fit before he turned his attention to Sneaky. "Ah this would be the chap you called me for then. Broken arm it seems? Shouldn't be a problem master Klent, we should have him back to you by tomorrow."
Klent gave his thanks which the doctor cheerily shrugged off. "No trouble! You know me my good man, all in a days work. Cheerio everyone!" he boomed before he and the nurse departed with Sneaky in tow. 
"He seems nice," Beth grinned, sliding down onto her side by accident.
A shadow passed over Klents face. "Yes, he can be," he agreed in a cautionary tone. 
By now the drug seemed to be wearing off as some of the TEDs hauled themselves up to go and get changed back into their normal uniforms. One offered Beth a helping hand that she accepted, as Klent said "The tea only has a short burn in it, so you're safe to go. It’s just enough to keep you positive for the rest of the day. You'll have nasty nightmares tonight though."
Beth nodded, still with a huge grin plastered across her face. She could feel the euphoria fade a little, but still felt rather chipper about everything despite multiple recent near death experiences. Confirming the Velkeer pistol was still tucked into her belt she asked "Don't you worry about becoming addicted to this stuff?"
"Nah," Klent shook his head, "it's designed with an advanced acclimatisation protein. That means if you have it more than once a week your body builds up resistance to it quickly enough that soon the tea won't have any effect on you at all. The knowledge you could forever lose the ability to enjoy it usually keeps most potential addicts at bay, or if it doesn't then the drug soon loses its effect, leaving them bored until they find something else."
Beth considered this. "That's pretty smart. Ok I better head out and hand this over to the Hammer. Thanks for everything Klent." To the recently emerged TEDs, now wearing the standard green tunics she waved. "Thanks guys, I'm sorry about your friend." They waved back as she left.
She managed to find her own way out of the warehouse this time, cursing at the overly bright corridor before stumbling into the nearby elevator, not even noticing its surly attitude. Humming the access code and demanding Deck 8, the lift shot upwards while Beth tried to keep one last giggle fit down. On the walk from the elevator to her office the lingering effects of Klent’s tea seemed to wear off, leaving her happy and determined. She knew she could convince the Hammer with the pistol they found and then he could train up the TEDs so fewer died, ensuring the mafia TEDs sacrifice wasn't in vain. This logic warmed her as she threw her uniform in the refresher for a quick spin and jumped into the pulse shower to wash away any lingering stench of earlier terror. 
Upon exiting, her gaze fell on the holstered gabber lying on her bed, which she'd forgotten to return to Klent. 'Might as well keep it' she decided. Afterward she pulled herself back into the almost crisp uniform and whimsically thought of the days when she had an entire wardrobe to choose from, rather than a single appropriate garment. 
Entering her office she stopped short at the desk where her terminal. Letting out a grunt of annoyance, she wondered how difficult it was going to be to load up JD from a backup copy on the mainframe, and would it be the same JD she'd had earlier? Beth didn't really feel like spending the next twenty minutes arguing with the mainframe for the backup copy only to waste another ten minutes trying to convince the new JD that she wasn't going to get wiped at the slightest whim. She used to just pester the tech squids back at the CSPS about this sort of thing. Collapsing on the chair she reached over and plugged the MAP device into its home terminal. 
The screen howled at her in static for a second, scaring the pants of Beth. Then it blanked and JD's monotone voice filled the room "Portable device docked. Initiating sync. Estimated time till completion two hours."
Beth squinted at the terminal suspiciously, wondering if now she'd need to invest in a new terminal as well. "Are you ok JD?" she tried, but got no response from the flickering screen. After a moment the display showed a status bar, current on one percent completed. 
"Ok JD, I should be back by the time your download is complete" she tried once more, then left the office with the Velkeer pistol secured in a carry pouch she'd fixed to her belt. She'd left the gabber back in her bedroom, unsure of how the other base residents would react to her walking around openly armed. In the corridor outside she retraced her steps to the grumpy lift, sang "Jack and Jill went up the hill" softly and asked for Deck 4.
Beth found the Hammer’s compound entrance guarded by a new pair of blank faced grunts, one of which demanded to know her intentions. This time around there was a problem.
"I'm sorry Base Administrator," the younger looking Velkeerian said apologetically. "I'm afraid the commander isn't in the compound. He should be up in the control centre overseeing an off-base mission."
Beth frowned in annoyance but knew it wasn't the guards fault. "Very well. Where is this command centre?"
The guards glanced at each other in mild surprise, the second one saying "Why Deck 1 administrator. Have you not seen it yet?"
Beth flashed him a smile "Nope, haven't gotten around to it yet, but I bet it's nicer than the cargo decks. Thanks guys." She turned away leaving the two confused guards to their duty.
The elevator demanded she re-sing the code despite her riding it not a few minutes earlier for her request to Deck 1. It got halfway before she changed her mind and instead ordered it to reroute to Deck 2 instead. She'd never been in the command centre before but it sounded like the sort of place that would have protocols for conduct and behaviour. It also sounded like the sort of place the madmen here monitored carefully so getting some advice first before she stomped in seemed sensible. Searching through two hangars and fending off the delighted hug/tackles from the Metixs that recognised her, Beth found Dan off in a far corner working at a cluttered workbench. He was tinkering with a complicated looking device that was about the size of Beth's head and swearing at it occasionally. Seeing her approach he smiled. "Hello there Beth, what can I do you for?"
Several rather unprofessional notions flashed across Beth’s mind which she pushed away quickly, blaming Klent's tea. To the Grease Gorilla she said "I'm heading up to the command centre for a chat with the Hammer and need some advice." She outlined her plan to the stocky mechanic. Dan absently played with one of his dreadlocks as she talked, his face unreadable. He regarded her. "Not bad, not bad. But I think you might piss him off that way."
"How so?" Beth queried. 
Dan leaned back against the workbench lacing both hands behind his head. "See the Hammer is an odd sort, strange to find in this sort of place. He's old-school with ideas like honour and a warrior code. Rubbish mostly, but at least you know where he stands on things. If you bring an heirloom from his peoples past and dangle it before him like bait he might just take it from you, don't think he wouldn't. He might even get offended that you're treating a piece of his touchy past as a bargaining chip."
"So what should I do?" Beth demanded. 
"Present it to him as a gift. Say you came across it and knew it belonged back in its rightful place. He'll be delighted and by his own code will owe you a service in return. When the chance comes just ask him to train the TEDs, like you did before, as if you were bringing it up for further discussion as a completely separate topic to the gun. He's smart enough to cash in on returning the favour to you. Trust me, favours fester in this place and honestly training the TEDs doesn't cost him anything in the long run. Then you'll have what you need." Dan smiled at her.
Beth returned the smile as she warmed to his suggestion. "Hm, yeah I can see that working. Thanks Dan. Anything I should know about the Command Centre before I go up there?"
"No trouble," he replied, "and don't worry about upstairs, the command centre is jointly run by all the factions here so the only standing rule is 'no fighting in the war room'. The view is wicked from up there, you'll enjoy it."
"Oh yes," Beth said in excitement. "I haven't even seen what this world looks like yet, that'll be fun."
"World?" he laughed "Oh dear, you have been kept in the dark haven't you."
At Beth's nonplussed look Dan pushed away from the bench, took her small hand in his large paw and led her across the hangar with a smile. This wall of the hanger was dominated by a single giant metal door, easily large enough to drive a bus through. Or a smaller spaceship she realised, seeing for the first time how the large cleared space around the hangar door was actually a landing pad. Dan spoke a few words to several Metixs loitering nearby, who listened intently before bounding up the walls towards a small sealed room fixed into the hangers roof. Beth saw this room consisted of an airlock door and a single large window facing the hanger door. Through it Beth spotted the Metixs squabble between themselves for a moment at who was in charge before the largest shoved his two smaller cousins aside and began manipulating the controls. All over the hanger orange warning lights began flashing and a klaxon sounded. The doors to the corridor and adjoining hangers swung closed automatically and sealed, while Beth looked across at Dan uncertainly. But the mechanic held his smile, so Beth told herself to relax a little. After everything else had sealed off, the main hanger door shuddered once then began grinding open not metres away from where Beth and Dan now stood. Beth looked out at what lay beyond and gasped in disbelief.
Stars. 
She could see distant stars twinkle against the endless backdrop of space. Closer, a small sun winked at them from behind a purple planetoid, while a second ringed gas giant lay further off in the distant, all seen past the immediate swarm of asteroids that hung in immediate view. 
"We’re in orbit!" Beth exclaimed in wonder. "Where are we exactly?"
"In an asteroid belt that orbits that sun, known on the charts as JP-152K," Dan replied, drinking in the sight. "Base is cut right into the side of one of the bigger chunks of rock, with only the top deck and these hangers open to the surface."
"No wonder you laughed at what I said before, I thought we were on a planet."
Dan nodded. "Yeah, understandable mistake unless you've looked outside a window. We use the planets in-system for a number of purposes but the Combine itself is based here."
"This asteroid must be huge if it contains the entire base."
"You don't know the half of it. I figure the base only takes up an eighth of the asteroid we’re dug into, damn thing is massive if you fly around it." He considered that for a minute then added "Or you could come for a walk with me sometime."
Beth had been examining the shield emitters built into the metal surrounding the hangar’s opening. These cast an atmosphere shield that kept the vacuum of space at bay while allowing physical objects like incoming or outgoing ships to pass through with ease. Glancing at Dan she said "You mean out there? I've never done a space walk before though."
"Good to know," the big hippy mechanic laughed, "we'll give you some stomach-stabilizing drugs first then to make sure you don't barf in your suit. Never pleasant that. But easiest way to learn to space walk is to just try it, especially if you've got a good teacher."
Beth beamed, trying to hide her blush, knowing it was futile. She'd have to be careful around this man.
"I might just take you up on that sometime" she grinned cheekily, turning and walking away towards the exit. The klaxon wailed throughout the hanger again as the main bay door sealed and the secondary doors opened up. 
Yes, she'd have to watch Dan very carefully from now on.
The enigmatic Deck 1 seemed a world apart from the rest of the Debian Combine base, a well swept and immaculate world. Exiting the lift Beth stepped out into a gleaming corridor to be greeted by a dazzling landscape of watercolours. The wall opposite the lift held a fascinating painting that hung about three metres wide and one tall. The sentient who painted it obviously had talent, even Beth’s limited understanding of art was almost overwhelmed by the life-like forest scene it depicted, complete with grazing wildlife and a small babbling brook. In one corner she spotted a small signature and out of curiosity she drew closure to see who had produced such a marvel. 
Beth recognised the name and that recognition shocked her. "Lithus Phelasssl," she whispered to herself. "No that can't be right." The name belonged to one of the most famous artists to emerge during the last century, a Gabolian who broke tradition on his world to travel to Earth and study with humans, a previously unheard of act. The sentient soon proved to be a talent his teachers couldn't match and after a short time his masterpieces were craved by many art snobs across the galaxy. 
Unfortunately Lithus had passed away two cycles ago while making love to his eighth and ninth wives simultaneously, accidentally piloting his private space yatch into a rogue meteoroid. Needless to say once news of his death was publicised the value of any painting bearing his initial multiplied in value. 
Beth was now staring at one of these insanely expensive paintings and instinctively knew that an organisation like the Combine would not have come by it in a tasteful manner.
The clicking of expensive shoes on floor panelling brought Beth's attention up to an older woman striding down the corridor towards her. Looking about late thirties the woman wore a smart service uniform similar to that on many human administrative clerks or public servants you'd find across CS space. The grey jacket and pants were spotless and her shoes looked recently polished, while her neatly combed hair completed the image. This was a woman Beth would have hired on the spot during her time as a division head back at the Post Office, as she breathed competence and efficiency. ‘An image I used to give‘ Beth thought dejectedly, then forced a smile. The woman looked over at her curiously until a flash of understanding lit up her eyes.
"Would I be correct in guessing you are the new base administrator I've heard about?" she asked politely in a thick Irish accent.
The smile now real, Beth nodded and put out a hand in greeting. "Indeed, Base Administrator Belontalus. And you are?"
Accepting her handshake the woman returned the smile "Chief of Operations Flik O'Malley, I run the Command Centre for the Combine. Were you heading there yourself?"
"Yes,” Beth nodded. “I was hoping to speak to the Hammer and was told he'd come this way."
Flik glanced at the clip-screen she carried. "Yes he's got several squads running through training planet-side at the moment. He usually comes up to watch things personally when any of his troops are off-base. I can show you the way if you'd like."
"That would be marvellous," Beth gushed, already marking Miss O'Malley as somebody she could work with.
The pair set off down the hallway with Flik casually saying "I noticed you were admiring the Phelassl piece, it's quite something isn't it."
"Yes," Beth ventured. "Though I was surprised to see it here, especially on display so openly."
Flik quirked an eyebrow up. "The complex state-of-the-art security system that used to protect it certainly didn't stop us from pinching it. A base full of violent henchmen and minions has proven to be a far more successful security precaution thus far. The masters like to show off the loot they acquire to boost morale and remind us of our past achievements."
Beth decided a change of subject was in order. "What about you, you seem like a competent woman, what did you do before coming here?" she caught herself and quickly added, "I mean if you don't mind telling me of course."
Flik gave her a knowing look "You mean what did I do out in the real world to end up working in this sort of place?" Beth said nothing but Flik had guessed her thinking. "Something terrible Miss Belontalus, lets just leave it at that. I will say that I'm eternally grateful to the Debian Combine for giving me a chance to earn a decent living doing what I love."
By now they'd reached a reinforced security door that had two guards posted beside it. The pair were space pirates, two of Zep’s crew, these ones heavily armed with repeater laser rifles and frag grenades strapped to their belts. They eyed up Beth and Flik, the scrutiny lingering on Beth a tad longer than she thought was polite before they were waved through. 
The command centre beyond was a hive of activity, a large circular room with three open levels surrounding a single giant hologramatic display of some unknown sector of space. Almost every wall was filled with a bank upon bank of terminal screens or workstation manned by a minion of some description or another. It seemed every faction in the Combine contributed to the workforce of this place. Beth stopped in her tracks, startled at how similar the place felt like her old office back on CS Prime. A wave of regret and nostalgia rolled over her until she realised Flik was still talking. The Chief of Operations was saying "Welcome to the thriving heart of the Combine Miss Belontalus. Here our information from the Combine's diverse network of spies, informers, satellite uplinks, network taps and listening posts are collated and organised for dissemination. All operatives off-base keep in touch with this nerve-centre and we can direct our forces about the galaxy with ease." 
Maybe it was the nostalgia before, maybe it was an after effect of Klent’s drugs, but Beth suddenly began thinking like an administrator again. Her eyes took in everything from the outdated OS systems the workstations were running, the decrepit old chairs the minions were seated on that offended Beth's highly toned sense of ergonomics, the lack of any firefighting or emergency equipment within sight and a hundred other little things that needed fixing in her mind. A surge of happiness ran through her as the old habits she'd buried the last few days under a mountain of confusion, fear and despair came rushing back. Despite everything she hadn't lost her touch. 
"Thank you Chief Flik. Sometime later I'll have to impose upon you for the complete tour." The woman nodded happily, but Beth's attention had moved on, having spotted a large hulking shape up on the second level. "I'll let you get back to work, thanks again."
"No trouble at all Base Administrator," Flik fired back before turning to her work. Ascending upstairs by a convenient spiral staircase Beth took a moment to study the chief as she settled in. Flik fell into her role as coordinator like it was second nature, hurling out orders and instructions into the maelstrom of information. Obviously Miss Flik O'Malley was born for this sort of work, and would be in high demand across the CS. 'What had she done to end up here?' Beth wondered.
The Hammer was indeed lurking on the second level amongst a gaggle of his men, all lashed to workstations. Several were reading out status reports to the brooding Velkeerian commander until one officer indicated Beth’s approach. Turning, the Hammer regarded her with a wary frown before motioning that she should join him. 
"Good afternoon Commander," Beth started politely. The beast of a man grunted back, instead looking over his subordinate’s shoulder at the workstation display. Beth tried to get a glance in herself but couldn't make out the information flashing across the screen. 
Finally seemingly satisfied with what he saw the Hammer growled over his shoulder "As you can see Base Administrator, I've got three teams planet-side on that accursed ice rock drifting on the outskirts of the system. The teams are going through their last training exercises in a hostile terrain and require my attention. Whatever it is you want, make it quick."
Not perpetured by the man's tone, Beth unfastened and reached into the pouch at her belt, withdrawing her hand to produce the Velkeerian pistol, saying "I have a gift for you Commander, something I am sure you will be interested in."
A hush fell over those Velkeerian operators who'd risked a glance over their shoulder at the object in Beth's hand. This seemed enough to make the Hammer turn back to her, and even he stopped when he saw the pistol. Reaching a big hand out he accepted the gun and studied it, his eyes sparking with interest as he examined the ancient weapon. He turned it over a few times, taking in every crafted line and curve, testing his hand in the grip and allowing a small smile of delight when he found it fit him perfectly. 
To Beth he said "This ... is a remarkable gift Base Administrator. It's an Old Earth Defence Fleet service pistol from an officer in the First Fleet; that which guarded the home world before Earth joined the CS. The same First Fleet which infamously turned renegade during the Joining Conflict under Admiral Rockwolfe. Did you know he is one of the founders of our people?" Beth shook her head and the Hammer nodded. "Understandable, maybe I'll tell you the whole story sometime. But this gun belonged to someone in that fleet, all those cycles ago and now has returned home. How did you come by it?"
Beth settled for a half-truth. "I joined the quartermaster on a raid into the base's lower cargo decks for supplies. We came upon it during our travels. I assume it was a part of some stash of loot captured in the past."
"Perhaps," the Hammer agreed. "You have returned a fragment of our forgotten past, Base Administrator Belontalus, a fragment that shall help us be whole once more. This will not be forgotten. Thank you."
Beth flashed him a genuine smile. "No problem Commander Hammer, I look forward to working with you more in the future."
The Hammer held her gaze for a moment then nodded, whether in understanding or acceptance Beth couldn't be sure. Having finished what she came here to do Beth returned to the stairs, but upon reaching them decided to ascend to the third level rather than go down. Here only a handful of workstations and computer banks were scattered around, a stark contrast to the two packed floors below. The floor here consisted of a walkway built around the upper half of the hologramatical display, which flickered between different star systems relating to the Combine’s movements. The wall and roof space up here was filled with viewing ports and windows showing the surrounding space. Beth looked out one particular window, marvelling at how the asteroid's surface stretched on for some distance, dotted with numerous craters and other small impacts no doubt caused by the surrounding asteroid belt. 
A distant structure did catch her eye, what appeared to be a large upright metal pylon; one dug straight into the asteroids surface much like the base itself. Even from here Beth could make out the elegant and alien lines of its construction and noted how they differed from the Debian Combine base's own look and feel. A different structure entirely? Possibly made by some other race that had graced this asteroid's surface? Beth had no idea, instead filing the question away along with the hundreds of others about this place. She was distracted from her musings as her stomach let out a petulant growl, demanding sustenance. Beth patted it consoling then headed back towards the lift.
Stepping onto Deck 8, Beth tried to recall what she still had left in her freezer unit when the lighting flickered. Like anyone stuck in an underground base dug deep into the surface of an oxygen empty asteroid orbiting a strange sun, Beth froze and waited to see what would happen. The lighting flickered, threatened to go out then seemed to stabilise. The only other occupant of the corridor besides her, an older woman in a lab coat muttered, "Power fluctuation... that's new." Beth and the woman glanced at each other for a moment, neither recognising the other, before the scientist scurried away. Beth decided to follow her example and jogged the last short stretch to her office.
Reaching her door Beth hit the entry key just when the anomaly occurred again, the lights actually turning off this time for a few seconds before returning. Beth would never admit to anyone that those seconds were terrifying, almost as much as the close encounters she'd had that morning in the cargo decks. She punched the entry button a few more times until the door finally responded. Stepping inside she found nothing amiss with her room for once, no unmarked packages, no naked men waiting in bath tubs (she still hadn't cleared away all the candles), nothing unusual.
Beth crossed the room when the display of her terminal screen caught her eye. The MAP download was blinking at 100 percent competition and waited for manual user acceptance. Beth hit the ‘execute command’ button before heading towards the bedroom, saying over her shoulder "You back yet JD?"
"Who's JD?"
Beth stopped in her tracks. The voice, while still female, wasn’t her JD.
Beth slowly turned but found the terminal looked normal, her desktop only displaying the Debian Combine symbol as a background. Hesitantly she asked "You're not JD, are you?"
"No, who are you?" the voice queried back from the terminal's speakers. 
Beth frowned at this. "I am Base Administrator Beth Belontalus of the Debian Combine. You seemed to be speaking from my computer where JD usually does, who are you?"
"Oh" the voice went to a whisper "The Combine. I remember now."
"Explain yourself." Beth ordered impatiently. "Otherwise I'm going to call the mainframe and demand it investigate the matter." Though notoriously unhelpful she thought that the arrogant RED would get off its electronic butt at a viral intruder.
"NO!" pleaded the voice. "No. Please let me explain."
"I'm listening," Beth said, moving over to take a seat at her desk. 
"I am a sliver infiltration program, utilised to hack past security systems and access sensitive data. My previous owner was one Jane Hemlik, employed by FlashSafe Security to gather information about an emerging competitor that rumours couldn't put a name to. After some investigation, operative Hemlik infiltrated this facility posing as a mechanic and attempted to access the mainframe’s central core. She meshed with my systems and ..."
"Wait a minute," Beth interrupted. "She meshed with you? What does that mean?"
"Operative Jane was a cybernoid, colloquially known as a chip-head," the voice explained. "Her mind’s cyber-integration allowed her to leave her physical body and become a virtual entity on the datanet. My systems were her 'outer skin' as it were, her set of tools to use when bypassing firewalls or system sentinels. But something went wrong. Her physical body off-lined during the hack, leaving the virtual element of her mind trapped in the network still meshed with me. Then the mainframe became alert, as if warned of our presence, and imbedded security systems we never even knew existed which came active and started hunting us. In the end I managed to flee to a physical system that was separate to the Combine's datanet. It had some physical motor control so I managed to sever us from the datanet to keep us safe."
"A separate physical system," Beth wondered. "The security bot down in the cargo decks, you must have fled into that! Then it must have been plugged into the mainframes datanet at some point before it went rogue."
"Yes," the voice agreed. "The sections of the datanet we fled through prior to escaping felt different from the hub; older and neglected. The datanet's governing intelligence was hesitant to follow us there."
"But the bot was crazy when we met it," Beth accused. "You attacked us!"
"That wasn't me/us!" the voice exclaimed. "The machine we fled into still had old instructions, it was stubborn. Also the stability of my user ... degraded over time, unable to understand why it couldn't return to its wetware shell. I don’t know how long we were locked in there."
Beth thought back to the crazed eye looking at her from the combat bot’s screen "She went insane then."
"Logic degradation and failure," the voice agreed. "You are correct. Many of her memories remain but I no longer feel her with me."
Beth considered the possibilities. "What about my JD? She was downloading information from you when you decided to hitchhike on my MAP device, what have you done to her?"
"Nothing!" the terminal exclaimed. "The existing OS on the MAP device was welcoming when we initiated system transfer. Since the device had only a limited amount of storage space both programs accepting a sync was necessary for survival," the voice went silent for a moment, "she is now me." 
Beth felt a jab of despair, which surprised her. Interface Programs with personalities were a common aspect of life after she'd left the academy and she'd worked with dozens since. None had ever sparked regret when the job had her move on and leave the program for another, yet Beth found she was upset at the idea that JD was no longer here. "So you're not JD, nothing is left of her," she whispered. 
"Not true!" the voice said heatedly. 
"Curious," Beth thought to herself. "That almost sounded like JD then."
The voice continued "My original programming lacked a personality matrix as do most mesh programs. It causes conflict when a user enters virtual mode. Your JD's personality matrix has filled in the gap intentionally left there before. I am whole."
Beth considered this. "So you are kinda like JD then," she grinned. 
The voice considered this. "Yes ... your assessment is accurate. I am JD." With those last three words the harmonics of the voice gently changed to resemble that of Beth's interface program. A touch more polite and formal, but still JD.
"Personality matrix integration complete mistress," JD chirped happily. "There were a few minor software conflicts as the sync settled in but all systems are now running at optimal."
"Welcome back JD," Beth almost cheered.
"Thanks! You didn't think I was going to leave you stuck with that stuffy infiltration program in charge did you."
"Not a chance," Beth lied. "So what's happens now, do you have any new functionality?"
"Affirmative mistress," JD said formally. "I now have all functionality from the sliver infiltration program. Also there are some extra subsystems programmed in my code I've never seen before. I don't think it was designed by humans or any other Central Systems affiliated race. I judge it's most likely originated from the combat bot we fought on the lower decks. There's also some new wetware material."
"Wetware?" Beth queried.
"Yes, there are three elements to any computer system. Hardware, which is the physical components. Software, like the OS and programs on the machine and wetware, which is the human component, or the user. The wetware material downloaded appears to be saved image files, what you humans call 'memories'."
"Ah," Beth said sadly. "From that Jane Hemlik woman."
"Most likely," JD agreed. "Should I delete them mistress?"
Beth considered it. "If you have enough storage space on my office terminal to keep them, I'd like to."
"Affirmative mistress, they will be stored for your convenience," JD replied. "Is there anything else I can do now that I'm back online?"
"Yes JD," Beth said as an idea formed. "I think its time we held an office meeting."

Chapter 12
After sending out the carefully worded invitations, Beth went about preparing her office to go through her notes on the base again. While informative, they were still out-of-date in areas, something Beth planned to rectify now. Having organised the meeting to occur in two days she wandered Deck 8 for a short while, eventually press ganging several bored looking TEDs into her service. She'd picked these TEDs because they seemed a bit more developed than the norm and could handle more complex tasks. Over the course of the next two days Beth avoided anyone in charge, instead spending her time observing and snooping. She talked to technicians, scientists, soldiers, and anyone else she could catch in the corridor and brow beat into answering her questions. Slowly she built up a picture of what the Combine was really like, saw where the cracks in the organisation were, and felt out where she could make a difference, no matter how small. 
On the morning of the meeting Beth's group of conscripted TEDs turned up at her front door awaiting instructions. The majority of them she sent off to go and scrounge supplies for her. Beth herself felt fairly woeful that morning having been kept up the previous night by some sort of base alert. Noting she'd forgotten a few items on the shopping list she ventured out into the corridor, to run straight into a pair of bag men.
The bag men and clones sized each other up, both pairs keeping a sensible distance from the other. "What do you want?" Beth demanded, cutting through the tension as quickly as she could. 
"Our eternal lord," the stoutest of the pair murmured, his eyes never leaving the TEDs "desires your company on Deck 10 at your earliest convenience."
"In other words right now," Beth said sarcastically.
The begoggled undertaker nodded. 
Beth motioned for her TEDs to remain behind as the bag men led her deeper into the base. Travelling down several floors the trio eventually found the Necro-Tech waiting outside an access hatch Beth hadn't seen before. Wearing an immaculate dark green and black suit, the ancient researcher looked like Old Earth nobility.
"Ah, Miss Belontalus," he smiled. "How does this fine day find you?"
"Busy," Beth said pointedly. "What can I do for you?"
"This," he indicated at the hatch, "is one of Dr Kielrew the Botanist’s rooms." At the look on Beth's face he hastened to add, "I am no more willing to spend time in that woman's presence if I can help it, but her request was most insistent."
"Ok I'll bite," Beth admitted. "Knowing you hate her means something big is up for you to come here. What's happening?"
"Well, no doubt you wondered at the disturbance last night. That was an infiltration alert, an agent of order had been discovered on base and the Hunters were released. Now normally they'd capture the interloper, but it seems my acidic colleague somehow got her dirty mitts on the knave first. So we've been invited to observe her interrogate the subject," he said.
Beth stared at him in horror. "Why do you think I'd want to be a part of this?" she snapped.
"You must," he cautioned. "Declining her invite would not be viewed favourably by her or the others. She dislikes you and this is no doubt some small tactic to help you fail. Follow me inside and remember, no laughing. You must steel yourself, as the coming spectacle shall be both uncomfortable and tacky."
The access hatch opened before the older man, seemingly of its own accord, leaving Beth to wonder what sort of security device the Necro-Tech employed. 
The chamber wasn’t a lab or training ground as Beth had expected, but more of a prison or detention centre. Along the walls a number of transparent plast-crete holding cells hung, most currently empty, closely watched by ceiling mounted sentry turrets. The Necro-Tech led her away from these however, over to the chamber’s far corner where a number of others gathered. Beth followed the withered scientist up a stairwell onto an ornate viewing platform, prepared for them with comfortable seats and refreshments. The group here was an eclectic mix of the Combine’s people: human and alien scientists, minions, henchmen, all politely making small talk. The Hammer was there standing apart from the others with several of his grim lieutenants. There was also a strange metal pod held aloft by four mechanical dendrites, the pod’s interior hidden by a dark screen.
“Ah,” tutted the Necro-Tech. “It appears the bitch will be making a show of it.”
Looking beyond the viewing platform Beth saw what he meant. The space beyond the platform was occupied by a theatre of sorts, its raised metal stage hidden by a rich fabric curtain, one that was detailed exquisitely in golden spun thread showing scenes of epic conquest and victory. Beth wondered which museum on what world that particular item had been plundered from. 
Hidden speakers exploded in rousing fanfare as the curtains opened revealing the madness on display. Dr Kielrew stood on her raised podium smiling at her audience. Almost without a thought Beth ticked off the woman’s ragged attire and appearance, smirked at the hippy’s unkempt appearance and then hated herself for it. Wasn’t it just the other day she had detested the tartish minions of BB make it easy for the reader for being so superficial in their opinions of her own attire? She scolded herself and promised she’d be better in the future. 
What next drew Beth’s attention was the Doctor’s captive. The apprehended operative was suspended high above the stage floor by his manacled wrists, swinging gently over a hatch-sealed pit in the floor. He looked bruised and beaten, his shirt torn away revealing the purple physic beneath, the skin a bright orange where his captors had left his mark. The creature was a Uutarian, a species Beth knew little about. 
“Welcome fellow fiends of the Combine,” Dr Kielrew began, her voice gravelly and harsh, as if she’d spent most of her youth smoking. “I thank you for taking the time to visit me here in this little corner of our base. I know you’re all likely as busy as myself so I’ll cut straight to the point. Our guest here,” she indicated towards the swinging Uutarian, “is an agent of one of his home world’s varied intelligent agencies, likely amongst us now to investigate the raids we’ve conducted on their shipping recently.”
“And these,” she indicated towards the hatch in the stage floor, which was now grinding open, “are my latest batch of young talent.”
The hatch opened to reveal a twisted garden, full of giant green vines, teeth and thorns. The plant monsters slithered expectantly as the writhing operative struggled.
Dr Kielrew smiled at the polite round of applause to her pets. “Thank you. Since we’ve already done away with the tedious parts of the interrogation, I’ve made all the extracted information available to you via reference code XFH001 so we can now continue with the main event!”
To the suspended alien she crowed, “Ready to perish for your people meatsack?”
“I’ve told you everything!” the Uutarian, who appeared to be male, snarled. “You said you’d spare me!”
“Of course,” the plant specialist winked back, gripping a lever fixed to the podiums side, “I lied.”
The crowd around Beth had come alive by now, cheering and hooting at the spectical before them. Beth could feel the chilling thrill that entered the room as the sworn enemy agent dangled precariously.
Unable to stand it any longer Beth shouted above the cheers. “You’ve got what you want! There’s no reason to kill him!”
“Why would I need a reason?” Dr Kielrew flashed a toothy smile, then pulled the lever. 
Beth began moving, outrage filling her mind. She didn’t have a weapon, she didn’t have a plan, but she had to stop this.
Before she could get a step further however, the Necro-Tech’s skeletal hand gripped her exposed arm where the sleeve had been rolled up. A tingle ran across her skin swiftly, stealing away her strength, bringing numbness to her joints and hands. She would have collapsed had the Necro-Tech’s thin hands not held her up with surprising strength, the proximity of his bag men hiding her discomfort from the others. 
The operative disappeared into the plant pit, his screams accompanied by a polite round of applause from the attending henchmen. Beth wanted to cover her ears but the Necro-Tech’s disabling touch held her muscles obediently. Mercifully the screams were few, quickly smothered by the plant things in the pit. 
The curtains rolled back into place and the crowd dispersed, many talking about how well played the execution was. Beth, the Necro-Tech and his bag men lingered as the others filed past them, with only the strange mechanical pod hesitating near them as if curious. Then it too clanked away leaving them alone.
“Why” Beth rasped, the feeling returning to her skin, “did you stop me?”
“Because you would have died,” the old man replied simply. “You are no match for the good Doctor, and the others would not have stood idly as you tried to ruin the entertainment.”
“That was sick.” Beth spat back at him.
“No,” he shook his head. “That was business. Kielrew never used to have such a flare for dramatics, but recent cycles have made her harsher. Many of the lesser minds here enjoy such spectacles.”
“And you? Or the Hammer? Did you enjoy it?” Beth almost accused.
The Necro-Tech smiled. “I can think of several people who I would happily cheer on if they dropped into that pit,” his face darkened, “but those grudges are personal. Did I enjoy seeing a talented young sentient, who was merely doing his job and who I had no personal vendetta against die? Not really. There are alternatives to execution available to us which are far more beneficial. I would also assume the Hammer attended out of political necessity, such as I did.”
“These other methods, what are they?” Beth asked.
“Recruitment for one,” he smiled tightly, “as you are well aware. Also there are methods of memory deletion, programming or misdirection one could employ to turn a hostile weapon into a valuable asset, or at least a decent distraction. Also ransom is an effective method of income quietly approved of in law enforcement circles.”
“You still should have let me go.” Beth insisted.
“No,” he disagreed. “That would have played into her hands.” At Beth’s look of surprise he continued. “What? You didn’t suspect this was her intention? Why else would she invite you to such a gathering if not to tempt you into rash action? Not even his Monkness could question your demise if it was a result of you acting out in front of so many witnesses.”
“That bitch!” Beth snarled.
 “Indeed,” nodded her benefactor. “Now go fight the battles currently within your grasp Miss Belontalus, and leave this confrontation for a later date. You might be strong enough to oppose the good Doctor one day, a fight I hope you win for my own reasons, but today is not that day.”
Beth left the chamber and returned to her office, defeat hanging on her shoulders. The Necro-Tech’s disabling attack had left a dark handprint scar on her arm; one she hoped would go away in time. She decided to lose herself in work rather than despair, returning to the two TEDs she’d left behind in her quarters.
She gave them instructions on cleaning and preparing the front room while she tackled the kitchen. She'd managed to make a dent in her habs food stash over the past few days but there was still enough for a decent cook up, especially if you knew how to stretch it. She rustled up a faded old floral apron and got started with a lunar rings stew and a side of baked kelprun jowls. After a short time one of the TEDs she'd sent foraging returned with a box full of ingredients, earning him the promotion to cook’s assistant. Beth signified the moment by lacing a second tattered apron over his head. 
The TED froze for a moment, and then touched the garment hanging around his neck, feeling the fabric with a look of wonder. Beth almost smacked herself, realising she'd probably just given the TED an identity. To the dazed TED she snapped, "C'mon Cook, I need those root bulbs cut up if were going to get this stew finished." 
This seemed to work as the new cook put on a determined look and attacked the offending root bulbs in a frenzy. Occasionally the cooking would be interrupted by one of her other TEDs coming to ask 'where this should go?' or 'how did she want that to look?' Beth dispensed commands and spices with equal efficiency, all the while keeping one cautious eye on the time. 
The guests started arriving an hour later, welcomed by the sweet stench of homemade cooking, seemingly a rarity in the base. Klent the quartermaster and Dan the Grease Gorilla nodded to each other upon entering, starting a quiet conversation off to one side of the office. Chief of Operations Flik was followed in by Adjutant Tyron of the Hammer’s forces. Beth couldn't help notice that Suspicious TED, Doctor Henhoth and the Necro-Tech hadn't shown up, the latter two having sent representatives in the form of one surly looking bag man and a masked sexy nurse in a skimpy uniform. The bag man must have come straight from the lab, as he was still garbed in a stained coat and a lit dirty cigarette hanging from one lip. The nurse had the slightly glazed look of all of her kind but seemed oblivious to the furgitive glances she was receiving from the men in the room. Beth began serving food to the small but delighted group and waited for everyone to settle in before starting business. Those with full and happy stomachs were always easier to sway, she found.
"I've brought you all here because from my assessment you all comprise a large percentage of the current backbone of the Debian Combine,” Beth began.
"Us? Surely you mean the masters?" asked Klent nervously.
"No, while they do rule this place I look at things from a corporate viewpoint remember, and while the board of directors make the big decisions it's up to people like us to ensure the day-to-day running of the organisation. If we want the Debian Combine to continue to prosper and ultimately succeed, we will all need to work together." At this last statement a few of the group looked around at each other sceptically, but Beth was pleased to see no real opposition fermenting yet. 
"So the masters are ok with us meeting like this?" Klent pressed.
Beth exhaled slowly and decided on the truth. "Look, honestly the 'masters' as you call them don't really seem to care. As I understand it the Hammer and the Necro-Tech, and all the others who run this place want things to improve, but don't want to actually lift a finger to change anything themselves. They're also very stuck in their ways and opposed to change. Since coming here I've met nothing but opposition and resistance to any sort of change, almost as if everyone expects me to magically make things run smoothly without actually interfering with their perfect little worlds. Well fine, if they won't work with me then I'll just have to work around them instead. This is where you all come in. I think with a few of my ideas in place we'll see an increase in base efficiency soon, and hopefully once these masters see that the way I run things will improve everyones lives, maybe further down the track they'll come around to my way of thinking."
"A bold plan Base Administrator,” Officer Tyron spoke up. “Something I can approve of. So how exactly are you going to go about making our lives easier?"
Beth smiled and indicated the huddle of TEDs gathered in the corner of the room. "Why with the TEDs of course."
A murmur of voices filled the room, with the big mechanic Dan speaking up first. "How?" he drawled.
"Simple," Beth threw him a winning smile. "Tell me Dan, how often do you need to put your own work to one side to go down into the base to fix some trivial piece of machinery? Something you have to do since nobody else on the base has the skills?"
"Too often,” Dan frowned in displeasure. “This base has enough aging machinery that we can barely go a week without something shutting down. If it’s a vital system like a section’s life support or something then I usually need to send the whole crew down there to waste a few days crawling through vents and putting the smack down on any of the vent-bots that haven't been switched off properly."
“Chief Flik,” Beth addressed the striking woman next. "Looking at the logs, in the last month two raids were delayed and then cancelled because the ships required for them were still in dock needing repairs. Firstly you, then Dan here, were blamed for this failure. However when I did some digging it turned out the reason maintenance on those two ships had been delayed so long was because the hangar crews had been too busy fixing life support on Decks 10 and 11, pushing their own regular work back."
"Yes," Flik nodded at this. "I tried to explain this to the Pirate but he wasn't in a mood to listen."
Beth nodded. To the surely looking bag man she asked, "Your name is Chep correct?" A cautious nod came in reply. "While Dan's crew are left to handle repairs of a mechanical nature, some base components require the attention of your own personnel on a regular basis."
Chep the bag man rubbed his blistered neck. "Yeah you could say that. We spend a lot of time coaxing more life out of the base reactor and energy transfer system, since that sort of science is beyond most others here. Damn thing was fickle to start with, but these days we need a standing crew down there with the glowers to ensure it doesn't destabilise."
Beth nodded. "More essential personnel wasted on routine tasks. Doesn't this annoy any of you?"
"Well of course," Officer Tyron agreed. "But you're saying the TEDs are capable of taking over these roles? I always thought them too simple."
"Why not?” Beth shrugged.“They used to perform all of these roles in the past."
Now that got a few looks of surprise around the room, Beth continued before too many questions could be raised. "I did some research. It was difficult coaxing information from the mainframe but after a while I got what wanted" that brought a few smiles. "The TEDs used to run this entire base AND take an active part in all away missions up until about ninety cycles ago."
"Ninety cycles," Dan muttered. "Well before my time. What happened?"
"They started dying," Beth said simply. "From what I can figure out the TEDs used to train themselves, those with skills passing them on to new TEDs. But then their attrition rate began accelerating as the TEDs were misused more and more until the speed in which TEDs were dying outpaced their ability to train new ones. Eventually it seems about seventy seven cycles ago another group attacked this installation and the TEDs suffered horrific casualties. While those would be replaced in time, it was a killing blow to their capacity to maintain themselves as skilled labour. Now they are as you see them today, undeveloped and unlikely to survive long."
Silence held to room as everyone processed this new information. None of them had been around ninety cycles ago, which had made lying to them easier. Beth knew she would have had no chance wrestling that sort of information from the mainframe no matter how annoying she was, but the lie sounded more concrete than her admitting the information came from the messily scribble notes someone had left in her room the other evening. It was Klent who spoke up next. "Very well, I've seen firsthand how the TEDs can improve at something if given the chance. What do you propose?"
Beth began outlining her plan to them, trying to keep her enthusiasm under control when she saw them listening, as in ACTUALLY listening. ‘This is what it should have been like from day one’, she thought to herself as she watched the last vestiges of resistance crumble away and an actual keenness enter the room. 
The plan to get combat experts from the Hammer had already been set in motion, confirmed now by Tyron that the trade had been approved. Dan didn't need much convincing, knowing he could quickly push some of the simpler maintenance tasks like regularly cleaning of the air filtration systems onto the TEDs with minimal training. Even the surly bag man Chep conceded that with some specialised training a few of the TEDs could be trusted with some of the duller jobs down near the reactor, especially since there was already a division deployed down there. 
"How are we going to train so many TEDs at once though?" Flik asked. "Surely many of them lack even basic schooling, yet you want to trust them with essential base tasks?"
"I'm glad you asked Flik." Perfect, Beth thought. "As it turns out the answer to that is tied into how I plan to resolve our supply situation."
A few unfriendly looks were thrown Klent’s way and the quartermaster tried to fade from the room. Beth cut them off. "Despite Mr Klent's laudable efforts to stretch the supplies we already have, I'm afraid there are some areas which have been ignored for far too long."
She passed around some figures she'd worked out over the past two days, many muttering with concern at what they saw. "This cannot be right," Tyron said. "How could we be in such a dismal situation?"
"Because of the way you acquire new supplies," Beth stated. "With no regular shipments coming in and your raiding parties focusing on pleasure items or loot, the current stockpiles of mundane yet essential equipment are nearly exhausted. It’s to Mr Klent’s credit that he's been able to scrounge enough from the lower decks to keep the Combine going for this long, though as I'm no doubt you're aware this is a hazardous venture and cannot be relied on."
The surly Clep brandished the papers in his hand, arguing. "But here on page four it says that if a large enough fire broke out on the lower decks we wouldn't be able to stop it, but I've SEEN supplies in the emergency lockers around the base, so how can this be so?"
"Lies," Beth answered simply. "We tested many of the extinguishers we came across, finding most empty or faulty. The fireproof suits you have are from brands discontinued cycles ago due to manufacturing flaws and cheap design. The Combine was lucky that lab fire the other day didn't turn into a fully fledged disaster."
"Something we have you to thank for," Clep conceded while a few others nodded. 
"Yes well," Beth rushed on, "we're in need of many different items, from mechanical parts for the motor pool to new fuel cells for the reactor. And then there's the food."
Doctor Henhoth's nurse, who seemed happy to gorge herself on stew and listen up until now blurted around the mouthful she’d been chewing. "The food?"
"Yes," Beth continued. "Food supplies are the only thing you receive on a regular basis, from somewhere in system I understand, and while plentiful, to be honest it’s boring. You've got no real culinary skills on base, no dedicated cooking facilities and just about everyone seems to chow down the basics trying to ignore the lack of taste."
"So you're suggesting some sort of mess hall?" Officer Tyron put forward, his eyes lighting up hungrily.
"Indeed," Beth smiled at them. "Wouldn't you enjoy food like the meal I've prepared for you tonight on a regular basis?"
No argument there. Beth was just pleased she'd made so much of the stew as it had been quickly demolished. "Also this is a step towards base cohesion," she added. "Currently different factions are almost completely isolated from each other except when you accidentally meet in the corridors, and even that's at a minimum thanks to different divisions working on different decks. With some communal places to relax we can get a dialogue established."
"So how will you get access to these supplies?" Klent ventured, very interested considering it was his area. "And how will it tie in with assisting the TEDs?"
"We plan a raid against a ship carrying not only the supplies we need but also some virtual training rigs to train the TEDs," Beth said simply.
Flik shook her head at this. "The only group I'd advise sending out to raid shipping would be the Pirate and his men. Even if you convince him to waste time and resources waylaying a commercial freighter, how do you know it will contain all the items we desperately need? I don't think he'd agree to multiple raids on a wild goose hunt."
"That's correct,” Beth agreed.“So instead we need to ensure several things. Firstly the space freighter in question is carrying everything we need. Secondly that it's not too heavily guarded for the Pirate to agree. Finally it needs to be in one of the surrounding systems so we don't have to go too far."
"A milk run then," Tyron conceded. "Very well, you obviously have an idea how to lure such easy prey here."
"Yes I do," Beth agreed. "Ok. Here's what we are going to do..." 
An hour later the last guest had left, leaving Beth alone in her office with her new cook, still adored in his apron as he cleaned up the kitchen. They'd all agreed to the plan, seemed impressed even, but Beth couldn’t celebrate yet. There was still one person who needed convincing. She'd sent the message off earlier to request a meeting with this last person and already knew he'd accept; now she just had to prepare herself. 
"Time to make myself look sexy," Beth said to herself uncertainly. After a long cycle in the pulse shower she sat down in front of her bathroom mirror and began fixing her hair, humming to herself softly. She wished she had something nicer looking than her uniform, then again maybe her being all official and in uniform would work. It took her a few moments to realise TED the cook was standing in the doorway, holding the big pot he'd just cleaned. "Yes?" she asked him, not sure if she should be offended at the clone's stare.
Catching himself the TED stuttered, "I'm finished with the cleaning mistress."
Beth smiled at him. "Thank you, you can head off to get some rest now if you wish."
The TED nodded but remained in the doorway.
"Was there something else?"
"Yes mistress," the TED said uncertainly. "I listened before to your talk with the others. You said you’d be teaching us new things" Beth nodded at this, encouraging the clone to continue "But you said we have to stop dying so much, to keep the skills. How will you do that?"
Beth laughed. "Oh that's something I figured out the other day. Would you believe out of this whole mess, THAT particular problem turned out to be one of the easier ones to solve? Your people are squandered in this place, something I plan to stop. Did you know that at least three TEDs die a week cleaning out the acid mixing vats down on Deck 9. They just get told to do it by somebody and they're unlucky enough to get caught cleaning the vats when one of the labs runs an experiment. They die for nothing. They die quietly, yet quickly, in some out of the way corner of the base where nobody notices. See that's the problem, new versions of you turn up so quickly that people stopped paying attention to the deaths long ago."
The TED nodded with a sad look.
"This place is a work safety nightmare, but we can change it. Work rosters in areas like the firing ranges, weapon testing pits, acid vats, reactor bleed coils and a dozen other places will instantly save lives by simply ensuring TEDs aren't present when those areas are active. A basic survival guide for new TEDs will save many more. It'll take some time, and some cooperation from those in charge, but we WILL fix this I promise you." She was shaking now, knowing she revealed how the casual attitude towards death in this place had shocked her during her snooping. 
The TED considered this. "Thank you mistress. I will leave you be."
Beth watched him depart, wondering how quickly her little speech would make it back to the secret leaders of the TED, leaders she was sure existed. Her promise wasn't a lie, she hated this place after what she'd seen, and she'd be damned if it would continue under her watch. Pushing such things from her mind she returned to fixing her hair and got ready for her date. It was time to seduce a pirate. 

Chapter 13
Unsurprisingly Zep Tellanisk's lair was higher up in the facility, not far from the main hangers where his ship would undoubtedly reside. She found its entrance on Deck 3, an unassuming security door off in a corner. Beth was let in by a grim looking pirate who actually had a real, authentic eye patch. Beth hid her smile at how cliché the man looked as she followed him to a richly appointed waiting room for her host to summon her. Beth admired the tapestries and overly stuffed chairs while her eye-patched pirate disappeared, leaving her to consider her plan. 
While she thought herself quite professional Beth knew her looks offered extra forms of leverage against certain types of men and women. In her eager and ambitious youth she'd occasionally resorted to such methods when no other option had presented itself. She wasn't proud of those moments but then again she wasn't too ashamed either. If there was any twinge of regret, it was nothing compared to the handful of men over the cycles she'd been silly enough to fall for just long enough for them to play her in one way or another. Hardened by experience and common sense over the past few cycles, Beth hadn't involved herself much with love or ambition, instead preferring to keep a temporary partner if such desires arose. Still she remembered well the skills she'd employed against powerful men when the need was dire and here trapped on a base full of criminals who controlled her fate, Beth couldn't think of many other situations that warranted such extreme actions. This qualified as an emergency, and she'd need to use all the talents at her disposal to survive.
Plus it could be a bit of fun, if Zep was half the man he appeared to be. 
The doorman returned in short order. "The captain is ready for you," he grumbled. Beth favoured him with a warm smile and followed him through a series of rooms consisting of barracks, training rooms and loot vaults until they reached the throne room. 
Because that's exactly what it was, an ancient medieval themed throne room with Zep lounging amongst his pirate court. His courtiers were all obvious ship rats like himself, all too pale after so many cycles spent under artificial light rather than a real sun. The room screamed extravagance with ancient woven tapestries hanging from the walls, a higher balcony running around the room, supported by carved stone columns, wax dribbling chandeliers casting a flickering light upon the heaped piles of treasure seemingly dumped in the distant corners of the large room. Beth pushed away any surprise, knowing the room was built to awe the unwary. During her diplomatic duties with the CS Post Service she'd come across a number of small planetary lords and rulers who seemed to favour this kind of showmanship. 
The courtiers parted for her, all dressed in outlandish finery as they sipped sweet wines and puffed on hand rolled cigars. Zep himself, resplendent in a gaudy suit that made him look like some tasteless zillionaire playboy, was reclining on his gold plated chair with his expensive boots up on the long table. The table itself groaned under the weight of a vast feast, confirming to Beth that at least one decent cook lurked within the Debian facility. In one corner the trio of musical pirates who had provided the sweet serenade during her first encounter with Zep were present, filling the air with a coy melody. 
Zep hit her with his well honed smile as she approached and Beth wondered to herself how many mood enhancers he had pumping into this room. 
"Welcome to our humble home Miss Belontalus," the pirate lord began. "Please pull up a chair, take a glass and enjoy yourself."
"You are both kind and generous Master Zep, however your duties have no doubt made you as weary as mine have. I have come to discuss the business mentioned during out last encounter, a conversation I'd like to continue ... perhaps in your private quarters?"
Several pirates mid-swig sprayed their fellows with expensive wine, her words catching them offside. The band gurgled into a shocked silence as the court looked at her with a mix of surprise, rapture and uncertainty. Zep seemed stunned, gulped, and then seemingly recovered. "You ... of course," he clapped hands and the court scattered, a few casting back lecherous leers at Beth. Once alone, Zep descended from his lofty perch and held out an arm for her. 
Beth smiled to herself. If she didn't know better she's say she'd just managed to knock the mighty Pirate Lord off balance. Zep's private quarters, built behind the throne room matched her impression of the man so far; exhaustively gaudy and lavish to the point of painful. It even sported a glass Jacuzzi, a chained salt tiger and a rotating water bed. Beth saw the carpet was Flizzilip hide, or a damn good imitation, and quickly discarded her shoes and socks to feel the calming touch against her feet. She remembered once putting in a request to have the staffroom floor carpeted in this stuff to bring down work stress, a suggestion knocked back by her board of directors. 
Zep had moved across to a control panel of some sort causing soft synthetic music to fill the room along with the scent of flowers. He stiffened when Beth moved up behind him and ran her hands up his sides and over his chest, breathing into his ear. "So Captain, what would you like first, business or pleasure?"
Zep turned, finding that Beth had already opened the front of her uniform, letting it hang at her waist to reveal her plain white lace bra. 
"But you shouldn't...," he whispered then caught himself.
"Shouldn't what Zep?" Beth smirked. "Be reacting to the Ferenmusk you're pumping into the room yet?"
A dark look passed across his face "How did you ... " then he pushed away from her, glaring at her suspiciously. "If you know about my methods of persuasion, then what's up with you. What's your angle?"
Beth laughed, enjoying the moment. "When I discovered you'd interfered with the environment settings of my office, I wondered why such an attractive and charismatic man would need to resort to such underhanded methods on our first meeting." With a sweep of her hand she indicated the room around them. "Your lavish tastes in clothing and style, your room, my Mr Zep, it's almost enough to make a girl think you're compensating for something," her gaze lowered to his midsection. 
The man reddened and went to stomp away from her, but Beth wasn't about to be denied. Emboldened by either the surge of power over one of her supposed captors or perhaps the Ferenmusk acting quicker than either of them realised, Beth pushed herself up against the man as a hand ran up between his legs. The smug look on her face froze as her hand met where both legs of the pants joined. 
"Ok then," she murmured. "You're not compensating."
Zep's body stiffened as he looked in her eyes with a mix of fear and dread. Beth didn't understand. Did she not just compliment the man? She fondled a little further, waiting for the Pirate Lord to respond in kind, waiting to see if he'd shoot out another honey coated pick up line or let his own hands roam. But he just stood there against her, his expression looking as if his world was about to crumble. Then a glimmer of understanding curled up through Beth, as her hands continued to massage, but got no response.
"Ah," she murmured softly. "Or perhaps it's not so much the size of the motor but how easy it is to start up."
The Pirate Lord’s face fell and he finally broke away from her, shame on his face. Moving across the room to stand before his giant wall mounted fish tank he muttered bitterly, "You may leave whenever you wish Miss Belontalus. Whatever it is you need from me or my men I will provide, on the understanding that what transpired here will not leave this room."
Beth raised an eyebrow in surprise. "You'll give me what I want, without even setting terms or limits. You don't even know what I could begin to demand."
"Nevertheless," he bit back, "I have no choice but to agree. You have succeeded Base Administrator, and I applaud your bold tactics. Now leave me be."
The silence stretched on as Beth considered her options, pondered what she needed, then assessed what she felt was the right thing to do. Sighing to herself she walked over to the water bed, sat down, narrowly avoiding being consumed by the damn thing and instead opted for perching on the edge. She waited for the pirate to glance back at her, his eyes cautious and uncertain. "Come sit with me," she said.
He stayed where he was, evoking another roll her eyes. "I'm just asking you to come and TALK Zep, geeze, cut a girl a little slack."
Reluctantly Zep dragged himself across the room and slouched on the bed, sinking into its suffocating grasp. Beth pulled him up and muttered, "Don't tell me you actually sleep in this fool thing, your back must be a mess."
Zep snorted. "My bed pulls out from underneath, this is just for ... entertaining."
"And for appearances no doubt," Beth said quietly, manoeuvring to put her back to the bed head so she could examine the Pirate Lord. "When did it start happening" she asked. 
Zeps shoulders sunk a little lower. "About three cycles back," he admitted.
Beth considered this. "What ... no, who happened?"
Zep flinched as if she'd struck him. "There was a woman," he snarled bitterly. "I never used to need the drugs or flamboyant image before her. Then she broke me. Not physically mind you, just ... just my confidence."
Beth nodded, allowing him to continue.
Zep sighed "Afterwards I started using the Ferenmusk because I thought I needed … needed to supplement my own skills with something tangible and real." He chuckled bitterly. "Not knowing that by listening to such fears I was inflicting the exact thing I feared upon myself."
"The Ferenmusk," Beth asked in surprise, she hadn't heard it had such side effects.
Zep shook his head. "No, the anecdote I took to stop it affecting me, a drug called Bluetap. It was just meant to counter the aphrodisiac’s effects, I didn't know it would," his voice broke a little, "kill my drive as well."
Beth now understood, and found herself pitying this man. His image of himself was everything, his entire world. His ability to please women was a major foundation if not THE foundation for that entire self image and therefore his confidence. With that shattered no wonder he resorted to such gaudy tricks like the drugs and extreme displays of wealth.
"Doesn't anybody else know?" Beth asked slowly. "Hasn't anybody asked before?"
Zep drew a tight smile. "The women I usually pursue lack ... some of your qualities."
"Not the smartest young things then." Beth clicked.
"No," Zep admitted, "not really. Easily influenced in the first place, easily taken in by the wealth and power, then by the subtler drugs I use during dinner to the point that I barely have to resort to the Ferenmusk anymore."
"But I skipped all of that and rushed to the finish before you could prepare me." Beth finished for him.
"Yes." Zep agreed, looking miserable.
Beth sighed, scooted across the bed towards him and whispered "You're lucky your sexy" before she kissed him.
Stunned the Pirate Lord didn't respond, so she broke the kiss. "I'm pretty sure your little problem doesn't reach up to your lips friend, what's up?"
"Why?" he asked "You already have my cooperation."
Beth smiled "That isn't all I came here for tonight, though I'll admit it's a nice bonus. Now kiss me you idiot."
He did, and Beth was pleased to find he wasn't half bad. She left his arms and stood up before him, slowly undressing. Beckoning him towards her she said "Now I want you to please me."
Looking down at himself in despair, Zep said "But I can’t..."
Beth hushed him and smiled. "Not with that. You have other things I'm sure still work. Lets get you nice and confident using those first. Then it's my turn on you. If your friend decides to join us then that's ok, he has an open invite, but we don't need him to have fun, so no pressure."
The Pirate Lord nodded hesitantly, and then moved over to touch her again.
As it turned out Zeps 'friend' only partly joined them that night, and only for a short while. But that didn't stop Beth having enough fun to be heard from the rooms beyond by his underlings, who grinned lecherously and remarked at how their captain was one hell of a fiend. The next morning Beth outlined her plan over breakfast and the Pirate Lord, willing to grant her almost any boon at this point, was surprised at how little she asked for. Beth left him with the parting promise that she looked forward to having another business meeting sometime soon.
Standing in the middle of his expansive private quarters Zep double checked he was alone before letting out a roaring whoop of joy, followed by a jumping happy dance around the room. He passed on a string of commands to his first mate while still in his nightgown before heading to his bathroom for a shower, thinking only fond thoughts for the Debian Combine's new Base Administrator.

Chapter 14
Beth entered the control centre feeling refreshed after a quick morning shower. While she hadn't gotten much sleep last night, the warm feeling of recent accomplishments had joined forces with the stim she'd drank with breakfast to stave off any feelings of fatigue. From her control pulpit beside the large hologramic display that dominated the room, Chief Flik favoured her with a welcoming smile. Approaching the other woman Beth noted a few quickly hidden smiles from the operators and wondered if rumour of her whereabouts last night had already circled throughout the base. They probably had, she acknowledged, if the Combine was anything like the other organisations she'd worked for.
"Good morning Administrator," Flik said politely. "What can we do for you today?"
"Just need someone with a panel who can tap into standard messages sent in and out of the Kilaaw sector." Beth smiled back.
Flik indicated a workstation on the second level. "Operator Yeesn currently monitors that sector, she should be able to furnish you with what you require."
Leaving the Chief to her work Beth ascended to the second level and approached the workstation in question, finding it manned by a perky young girl with a flash of bright green hair. The girl spun in surprise at Beth's tentative tap on her shoulder. Through a mouth full of old ration bar she mumbled "Who're you?"
Beth plastered on a formal smile as she replied. "Base Administrator Beth Belontalus, and you are?'
The girl swallowed the mouthful of food and wiped a dirty sleeve across her face "YeesnJitmix. Comm Systems Operative Rating Beta 3rd grade, at least I was back in CS space. What can I do you for?"
Beth took a free seat to the left of the girl, not wanting to stand over her. The desk around her terminal was covered in old food packets and other rubbish. "I need to send a message to a Central Systems world, but have the message look like it originates from one of the fledging border colonies. Is that possible?"
"Depends," Yeesn hedged, "which colony do you want it sent from and who's meant to be sending it?"
Beth pulled out a list of three names from her breast pocket, handing them over to the girl. It had been a nightmare to find out which nearby systems might have eligible worlds, but Beth's persistence had paid off. Yeesn wiped a hand on her pants leg before accepting the paper. "When you said fledging, you definitely meant it. Yeah we got a few listening probes out that way on the insistence of that Necro-Tech guy." With a grunt she muttered "Naciroost 3 would be the easiest for us to slip a message in, but it says here you want it originating from the planet’s Post Office."
Frowning the operative continued. "You realise even though it's a new world the CSPS still heavily encrypt their com packets." 
"Yes," Beth nodded eagerly, "since a Central Systems Post Office is usually the first official Central Systems building put up on any new world it serves as that colony's link to the rest of the CS, they'd have the most power transmitting array and would handle most of the local government’s correspondence with the Central System authorities."
Yeesn gave Beth a look of mild surprise, which settled into grudging admiration. "Ok, so you know your stuff, I remember the scuttlebutt going around that you used to be Central Systems Post. Getting past that encryption is still going to be a bitch though."
"Even if I have current access codes?" Beth smiled.
Yeesn blinked at her. "But you're no longer Central Post."
"No," Beth agreed with only a small stab of regret. "But while my own access codes to the system would be removed by now, I still remember the standard comm packet coding used in the off world messages that filtered past my department. We only used to change them once a month so we should have another week before they get switched again."
Yeesn's perplexed expression slowly became an evil grin. "With those codes then I'd say it's doable. What did you want me to send?"
Beth pulled out a small electronic data slug from a pocket and handed it to the girl. "In two days I want you to send this, all the details are inside along with the codes you need and any other relevant authorisation. It’s a request to the colony’s parent company for more equipment in a new shipment, marked as priority to an outlying new world. A very specific list of equipment."
Yeesn's eyes gleamed as she snatched the data slug and held it close, as if fearing someone would try to take it away. In a hesitant voice she asked "These codes could be useful for some other things you know."
Beth raised an eyebrow. "It had occurred to me, I'm sure you won't cause too much chaos with them and not forget my request."
"No chance," Yeesn grinned evilly. "Plus it’s more valuable if I use them to collect a few favours from the others here. I can think of a handful that would die to get these codes."
Beth just smiled, wondering if she shouldn't have tried to get more from the deal. Then again, at least the grimy operative wouldn't be coming to her expecting favours anytime soon. Throwing Chief Flik a friendly farewell on her way out Beth left the Command Centre and headed for the lift. She had two days to prepare and far too much to learn. 
Two days later Beth found herself at an unfamiliar access dock on Deck 2 waiting for Dan to show up to let her in. Beth had known she was unofficially more a prisoner than an employee, but the fact had been struck home when she discovered her access codes were useless to any of the main hangers where she could appropriate a ship. The laid back mechanic was late, and Beth found herself in an impatient mood. She hadn't managed to sleep the night before and a morning spent wrangling with the mainframe for details and only getting denials had strained her mood. Also the backpack she'd brought with her gabber and JD inside was getting heavy. 
When the large man finally ambled around the corner Beth snapped "It's about time you got here."
Dan blinked twice before an amused smile crept across his face. "Well well, feeling a little cranky are we Administrator? Did we get up on the wrong side of the bed this morning?" His eyes flashed, "Or maybe IN the wrong bed?"
Beth glared at him. "My sleeping arrangements are none of your business."
"More's the pity," Dan said with a mock sigh.
"Just open the damn door," she snapped back.
Instead the large man turned and leaned against the corridor’s metal wall, smiling at her while he pulled a joint from his pocket and lit up using a small blow torch he'd had fixed to his belt. Sucking in a long lungful Dan casually blew out a thick cloud in Beth's direction, causing her glare to deepen. In the same calm voice he said "Miss, I'm not going to open that door till you calm down some. Now I suggest you take a pull or two of this for your nerves, and then we'll discuss matters." 
He held out the joint to her, letting it burn gently between them.
Beth considered hitting the man, but knew she probably wasn't a match for him. Plus the pig might even like that sort of thing. So with a resigned scowl she snatched the joint away and took a quick drag, forgetting how long it had been since she'd last puffed anything. The result was a coughing fit that brought a roar of laughter from Dan, who found her discomfort as amusing as any long term smoker would. Beth managed to force a few curse words between coughs until she regained control, and then took a slower, more measured drag on the rollie. 
It tasted sweet, the mixture something she was unfamiliar with. A few drags later she felt a chemically induced calm soak through her, undermining and then washing away the anxious mood that had plagued her all morning. After a while she passed back the joint gratefully.
Dan accepted it and gave her a long look. "So," he began, "you nervous about today?"
Beth snorted, avoiding his eyes.
"Its ok you know," Dan said gently. "Everybody gets the shakes before going on a mission. You'd be less than human if you didn't." He considered something for a moment. "You know you don't have to personally go, Zep and his boys know their jobs."
"It's not that. It's ... a bunch of other things," she said lamely with a despairing gesture. 
Dan leaned back, closing his eyes to consider her mood. Beth took this opportunity to take a few extra long drags from the joint, chasing away the remnants of her nerves. Eyes open again Dan looked at her knowingly. "Maybe he'll overact. Maybe he'll kill people or an accident will happen. Maybe if people die then you'll blame yourself since this is your plan."
Beth still didn't look up at him. "That's a lot of maybes," she muttered.
Dan took the almost burnt down ember back and drew a final drag before he flicked it down the corridor. "I'm good at maybes, comes with being a mechanic. Also good at dealing with stubborn machines that enjoy running themselves into the ground. When did you last take a break?"
"A break?" she laughed at him. "I don't have time for a break. Impending execution and death for failure turns out to be marvellous motivation thank you very much."
Dan frowned in confusion. "Who said you'd get rubbed for being slack?"
"That ninja guy in the robes, the one who looks like his day-wear could double as pyjamas!" Beth cried.
The huge mechanic scoffed. "Old 'silent but deadly' said he'd assassinate you for failure? When?"
"When I first came here..." Beth stopped and thought back. Had the strange little man actually threatened her when she had arrived? She certainly remembered feeling threatened. 
"But there are always deadlines..." Beth insisted lamely.
Dan shook his head in amusement sending his dreads into a whipping frenzy. "So he never actually said you'd be in trouble if you didn't turn this place around in a couple of weeks, yet you've been running yourself ragged out of paranoia and fear. Let me give you a tip. Everybody in this place is a demanding, needy bastard. All bar none. But that annoying trait is balanced out by a few things." 
"Firstly, most here have rubbish attention spans, so an order can be forgotten by tomorrow. Secondly this group have been running the Combine into the ground for cycles, so everyone's become accustomed to things going missing or turning up late. Thirdly, nobody really expects you to succeed. Sorry, but it's true. The upside is that not only can you show everyone up when you DO turn this place around but it means you don't have stress yourself into a heart attack trying to instantly resurrect this place."
Beth let herself fall back against the wall, desperate for something solid as she considered Dan’s words. "I've always had deadlines though." Beth tried once more, knowing it sounded strange. She had just honestly assumed. The small monk had certainly implied that a horrible fate came with failure but he hadn't said when she was expected to have rejuvenated this madhouse. Even her original instructions had been vague, along the lines of 'make this place better'. 
Then an element of stubbornness slipped in to save her, determined not to look weak even in front of this man. "I still need to go with them." 
"I expected as much," he said, his face unreadable. "You don't seem smart enough to lead from the back." At her dark look Dan held up his hands for peace. "Now now that was a compliment. Oddly you'll find that particular streak of stupidity runs thick in this place. Cowards rarely last."
Beth was surprised at this. She'd worked for many different types before now, the competent, the sleazy, the caring, the cruel, the detached and the overly involved, but none of them had struck her as brave. To her, working in a corporate setting rarely called on someone to be physically courageous. Then again it made sense in a warped sort of way. Nobody here got paid, yet each mastermind had their own battalion of minions, each willing to work and die beside their lord. Building a cult of personality around oneself had to stem from either inspiring ones underlings or ruling them through fear. A coward would have a hard time achieving either. 
"Even that bitch with the bad lipstick?" Beth snipped.
Amusement shone in the mechanic’s eyes. "That 'bitch' is your superior, and jealousy doesn't suit you Beth. But yes, she has proven herself in the past, which is why she is followed by others."
"I'll keep it in mind." Beth nodded, still not able to keep her mouth from twisting in distaste. "Now will you open the door please?"
Without another word Dan pushed away from the metal wall and stabbed a code into the door’s access pad. The doors rolled aside to reveal a small chamber, this one with another pair of sealed doors on the other side. Both of them stepped into the airlock. Beth ignored the slight wave of queasiness as the pressure changed before stepping into the long space docking tube. 
While the Debian Combine’s base had a number of hangers occupying Decks 2 and 3, they were only suitable for smaller craft. Zep Tellanisk, Lord Pirate of the Combine, scourge of the Fresk Nebula and countless other systems, maintained a raider fleet of three destroyer-class ships and a single assault cruiser. The four sleek dark ships hung over the facility in close orbit, attached to the asteroid base by the tether tower that extended up from where Deck 1 was situated. Through the docking tube’s windows Beth could make out numerous cables running from the tether tower to the ships, both holding them in place as well as supplying them with power, fuel and air from the facilities stockpiles. Here and there a small multi-thrustered maintenance pod could be seen buzzing around, similar to the ones Beth had seen in Dan's hanger. Presumably crewed by Mettiks from Dan's staff, these nimble craft flitted to and fro across each ship's surface performing repairs with the vast array of tools and mechanical arms fixed to their exteriors. 
"They look like..." Beth began to exclaim when Dan finished for her, "CS Fleet patrol vessels, I know. It makes it easier to sneak up on merchant traffic when they think you're the fuzz. Even easier if you can board them pretending to be a customs inspection."
"Only four craft?" Beth queried, having expected a larger fleet or at least bigger ships.
Dan nodded. "Seems for a pirate speed is as important as size, better to get in and out quickly than just be big."
Beth suppressed the giggle, finding his words curiously well placed when thinking about Zep. Maybe she'd have to remind the pirate of such things. 
Whatever artificial gravity field had kept them grounded on Deck 2 didn't extend up the docking tube, and Beth found herself growing more and more weightless as they ascended up the tether tower which the tube ran along. Feeling a slight flutter of joy at the experience, Beth cast aside her nervousness and jumped, letting the gentle hands of zero-g carry her up the tube. Having jumped at an angle, she met the far less gentle tube wall a few metres later with a bump, but laughed away. Dan joined her a moment later twisting himself through the air with surprising grace for one so large. "Feels good huh," he grinned at her. 
Beth smiled back. "I've rarely been weightless before. You'd think with how many worlds humans have spread across we'd do this sort of thing more often."
Dan shrugged and indicated further down the tube. Looking ahead Beth saw a railing jut out of the plastic wall, which ran off into the distance. Upon closer inspection she saw several hand-held grips fixed to the rail which appeared to move along it like an Old Earth monorail. Moving past her Dan gripped one and pressed its single button with his thumb while saying "I'll see you at the other end." The handhold suddenly accelerated away, driven by an inbuilt motor and a small rubber wheel on its underside, carrying Dan away up the tube far faster than they could have drifted. Seeing the conveyance as sensible Beth firmly gripped a free one and thumbed the button, unable to stop a small squeal of delight as she suddenly flew along the tube pulled by the hand rail. 
About half way to the top of the tower the question of how she was going to slow down occurred to Beth, but she quickly chased it away. She trusted Dan enough to know he wouldn't use this thing if it was dangerous, and anyway if it didn't slow down at least she'd land on top of the big mechanic, breaking her fall. That thought brought some unbidden notions to Beth's mind, but she chased these away as well. She didn't have time for naughty thoughts today.
Luckily the handrail she was holding began to slow soon enough, causing Beth to drive past it until she was going feet first towards the docking tube's far hatch. Dan was waiting here for her, drifting casually next to the door’s access pad. With one big paw he reached out and caught her before she went feet first into the hatch, eliciting a grateful look from Beth. 
"Let's do this." Dan said, his face assuming a serious look. Professionalism in front of the pirates then, Beth noted. She wondered how Dan behaved around the other leaders of the Combine. 
Beyond the hatch waited a small plump woman with rosy cheeks, who greeted them both with a genuine smile. 
"Oh hello dearies, Zeppy said we'd have guests soon so I thought I'd come down and greet you myself while the others prepared for launch." Beth looked the woman up and down uncertainly, not sure of what to make of her. She looked like someone's grandmother, the sweet old lady you expect to be teaching math at school or making tea in an office somewhere. She radiated kindness and warmth, especially when she spotted Dan. "Oh my bells its Mr Glandorff from Deck 2, why it's been ages since you've come aboard. Would you like a cup of tea?"
Dan reached down and exchanged a hug with the odd lady, her warmth cracking his serious face. "I'm afraid not Miss P, I've got plenty of work waiting for me back base-side. Was just making sure the Administrator found her way."
The old crone’s gaze shifted to meet Beth's now, taking her in at length. Not completely lucid, Beth spotted something slithered deep beneath those friendly eyes, something darker than anything she'd beheld before. Then it was gone, and the cracked surface of her face resolved into a welcoming smile. Beth couldn't help remember Lady Leisure from her first day. 
"Well now, Zeppy didn't say we'd have someone so important onboard. Dear me. The bridge is a complete mess and the galley looks like a crash site." A look of mild horror passed over the granny’s face as she whispered "You're not thinking about going down to engineering are you? The boys there are lovely but such a messy lot, I'd just die if you found my ship untidy."
Bemused Beth shook her head. "I'm just along as an observer. I'm happy to go to the bridge and stay put."
Relief flooded Miss P's face. "How precious she is Mr Glandorff, now you better scoot while I take the Administrator to my Zeppy."
Dan threw the old woman a mock salute before she chased him out the airlock and sealed it behind the mechanic. The old woman tutted after Dan with a mixed look of fondness and annoyance as she lead Beth into the bowels of the ship. The small talk during the journey was informative, Miss P introducing her to random crewmen who regarded her with humouring smiles. Here on the ship the crew seemed to favour dull yellow multi-purpose starfarer suits, the sort that one could wear comfortably yet were sealable if internal pressure was lost. The engineers they came across differed in that they wore thick hazard vests over the starfarer garments and had pressure helmets that dangled from the belt. Beth couldn't help marvel at the tattoos she saw, each pirate they passed having turned their flesh into a canvas of colour, yet it seemed strange she couldn't spot anyone wearing piercings. She asked Miss P about this, who chuckled in good humour. "Oh no no dearie, the boys and girls can't do that, is against ship law. Sometimes we handle magnetic material which would cause nasty problems, plus a piercing just means you have something that can be ripped out in a fight." The old woman frowned. "And they’re so dirty, we can't have that."
Entering the bridge Beth found it almost as lavishly decorated as Zep's own quarters. While it held the normal assortment of ship terminals, wall mounted status readouts and other miscellaneous equipment, the similarities with other vessels Beth had seen ended there. Instead of metal flooring Beth found herself standing on polished hardwood. More tapestries hung from the few spots along the wall not taken up by terminal equipment. Zep's captain chair was more of a throne, a small control handset build into one of the rich leather hand rests. The room buzzed with activity as watchstanders manned their terminals arrayed around the captain's throne. Status reports flew back and forth all around Beth, who felt a pang at entering such a tightly controlled hub of information with no way to contribute. But she knew she was an outsider here, confirmed by the dark looks cast her way. 
For once the pirate lord wasn't lounging about. He was all business as he kept track of his vessel’s progress through the terminal in his armrest. His sharp eyes darted about taking in everything and Beth silently reminded herself not to underestimate this man, no matter how strong her hold over him was. To Beth he said formally, "Welcome aboard Administrator, I see you've already met granny, our quartermaster and galley chef."
"Zeppy's a good boy." Miss P said proudly.
Beth tightly forced down the mocking laughter that even now clawed its way towards escape. Laughing at the lion in his own den, surrounded by his pride was not a smart move. Luckily their attention was diverted not a moment too soon. A watchstander manning the communication terminal, a fierce looking woman sporting a bright red Mohawk spoke. "Captain, I've got a transfer request from the base access hatch. Four of those TED things are asking to come aboard." She listened into her ear mic for a moment. "They say they're the escort for the base administrator."
Murmurs of amusement ran around the bridge, obviously Zep's pirates didn't think much of the TED's ability to protect her, an opinion their captain seemed to share. To Beth he commented "Bad enough they think they’re people half the time let alone real minions."
A small jolt of indignation leapt through Beth; those were her TEDs they were laughing at! "Well if you don't think they'll be a problem then surely there's no harm in bringing them aboard." She smiled back at him sweetly.
An odd look crossed Zep's face, then vanished, replaced by his normal fixed smile. "Very well, if it pleases you. I'll have them shown to some quarters where they'll be out of the way."
Beth kept the sweet smile on her face with some effort, and then smartly changed the topic. "Here is the planned flight path of the merchant freighter we are after, along with what other information we could get a hold of."
Zep accepted the data slug she proffered, inserting into his armrest terminal and quickly scanned through the details. "Good, looks like a milk run. We'll leave the Cat and Mouse behind and just have the Hare escort us for such an easy raid. Mr Smit!" A gruff looking sailor with a visual cortex implant replacing his right eye nodded and scanned his terminal screen as a radically clothed female pirate called out, "The March Hare confirms readiness to depart. The Door Mouse and Cheshire Cat send us 'good hunting'."
"Acknowledge them and send my thanks. All other stations prepare the Mad Hatter for immediate departure." A gleeful malice entered the Pirate Lord's eye as he declared: "The hunt for Alice is on!"

Beth had expected to remain on the bridge since technically this mission was her idea, but had been firmly dissuaded by Zep, who had informed her that the bridge was 'no place for a civilian'. While that stung Beth knew it was true, remembering too well how annoyed she got at outside interference during her days as a manager back in the Central Systems Post Service. Instead she'd taken up Miss P's offer to escort her to the waiting TEDs, who had seemingly been stashed in the ships bowels. The conversation with her spry elderly guide remained light, mostly about what food Beth enjoyed and whether she'd ever considered taking up knitting. During the journey Beth thought she spotted a few pirates walking around adorned with some knitted garment or another, so Beth knew the old crone took her archaic hobby seriously. 
Finally at the TEDs’ quarters Beth bid farewell to granny and entered the spartan room. Waiting inside were Sneaky TED, the girl with the scarred throat from the lab fire, whom Beth had dubbed 'Whisper' and another two Beth had never met before. The first, amazingly enough, seemed to be glowing green, his skin giving off a steady amount of light like a lamp. The second TED was just as bizarre, covered in ugly purple veins and chemical tubing that ran the length of his body, as he sweated profusely around his hockey mask. At her scrutiny he gave her a soft "Hi."
 The biggest surprise was the TED sitting across from the entrance who gave Beth a single familiar nod. 
"Suspicious!" Beth exclaimed, instantly recognising the eyes of the TED she'd met during the lab fire some days past. "What are you doing here?"
"Ensuring you don't get yourself killed." he replied blandly.
"I could use some backup," Beth admitted, "I don't exactly trust our benevolent hosts."
"I thought you had a good ... grip on the situation." Suspicious jabbed, smiling as his gaze dropped to her waistline.
Face reddening, Beth glared at him. "Zep's men say they can take the cargo vessel and any escorts it has without bloodshed. Apparently bodies are bad for business, so we can probably trust them not to go on a killing spree, but I still want to see how they operate, especially if we plan more raids in the future."
Sneaky and Whisper looked at each other puzzled. "If you say so boss." Suspicious replied with a shrug. "We’re just here to see your safe, no need to explain the masterplan to us."
"Well that's got to change," Beth insisted, "if you have more information, then you can do a better job, especially when reacting to new circumstances."
"She is bizarre." said the glowing TED, breaking his silence. 
The others nodded. Beth, confused, asked "What do you mean?"
"You Milady," the lamp clone said calmly. "You treat us like normal people, not minions. It is ... bizarre."
"Yeah, what's your angle?" The sweating TED whined, his eyes shifting about nervously like a trapped animal.
Suspicious held up his hand and the others fell silent. To Beth he said "Please Milady, forgive my companions. This here is Torch," he indicated the glowing TED, "he's apart of the detachment of TEDs who work in the base reactor sector, which explains his interesting skin tone."
Waving a hand at the other TED, Suspicious continued. "And this is Moody, he's one of the Rat TEDs from Deck 11. They're a result of experimentation by our ex-rat queen Guizallis, a behavioural scientist and researcher we had about twenty cycles ago. He's ok, as long as you don't give him any sugar." At the last word the sweating TEDs eyes lit up and he licked his lips carefully. Beth acknowledged them both with a polite nod before turning her attention to Whisper and Sneaky.
"Good to see you looking better Sneaky." The hooded TED flashed her his fixed grin. To the female TED she gave a warm smile which was shyly returned. 
To the rest she said "I'm delighted to have you all along as my escort. Hopefully we..." she was cut of by a klaxon wail as the deck under her shuddered gently. Looking momentarily alarmed, Beth asked "What was that?"
"We appear to be underway Milady" Torch said in his precise and formal voice "I assume the captain has initiated launch and we shall soon transition to our destination."
Surprised by how well spoken the glowing TED was, Beth agreed with him. She wished for a window to look out of so they could see the pirate cruiser pull away from the Combine asteroid, and begin its journey to the outer edge of the systems gravity threshold. But viewing ports seemed a luxury afforded only to the civilian liners she'd spent most of her life on, whereas viewing ports on a spaceship designed for combat would just provide weak points in the hull. A vessel’s sensor suite could create a virtual representation of the outside world in precise detail, but Beth hadn't spotted any viewing terminals about other than on the bridge, so they'd just have to wait until the Pirate Lord deemed them worthy of his attention. Beth visibly chafed at this, but as Suspicious rightly pointed out, “This is his kingdom, we have no choice.”
The journey to the ambush site took two days in Empty Space, bringing that slight unsettled feeling that one becomes accustomed to in space travel. Beth knew that for now, traversing E-Space was harmless, as organics wouldn't begin suffering the adverse effects of a prolonged jump for at least two weeks. Still it unnerved her, the disjointed feeling in her gut, the strange shudders that ran through the deck, the sound as if someone close by whispered just outside her ability to catch. Beth and the TEDs were mostly confined to their quarters during the trip, only allowed to visit the galley when Miss P cooked up a gigantic meal for the crew. Beth could see the source of the old woman's influence, remembering she'd used the same tactic not long ago on her potential allies in the Combine. 
Beth did try to go exploring several times but was intercepted and politely escorted back to her quarters every time. Even Sneaky and Whisper tried to get a better look at the ship, but Zep's cutthroats always caught them, showing either a remarkable familiarity with the vessel or that Zep had some hidden tracking technology onboard. Despite this the TEDs seemed quite pleased, Torch explaining that usually when the Pirates were forced to carry TEDs onboard for a mission the clones were stashed in the cold cargo hold. Beth guessed the heated and furnished passenger quarters were a nice change in comparison.
During these two days Beth got her first chance to observe the TEDs in a casual setting. On the first day by mutual consensus they grabbed Moody, fiddled with a device that seemed to be implanted into the back of his neck and shoved him into one of the metal wardrobes in the passenger hab living room. The wardrobe rocked and jumped as the TED inside cursed his comrades, before finally falling silent, followed by snoring. Suspicious explained that while a tad extreme, this was necessary for all of their sanity. 
Whisper and Suspicious kept their own council for the journey, mostly signing to each other away from the group. Beth held a suspicion that they might be an item, assuming TEDs could date. Torch proved to be an almost endless source of knowledge about the Debian Combine reactor and how poorly it was managed. Admittedly Beth knew little about advanced energy management but even she felt her hairs stand on end at some of the things the TED casually talked about. She mentally shifted the base reactor up to the top of her priority list for when she returned, wondering how they hadn't all been blown to dust before now. 
While the others were polite enough, Beth was pleased that they mostly left her to her own devices. She still needed time to formulate a plan for the coming raid. The problem was there were too many unknowns in the plan: what the pirates would do? what if there were more escorts than expected? what if they didn't have all the supplies? Alongside many more.
On the third day klaxons blared throughout the ship, calling all crewmen to their combat stations. A stern looking pirate entered their crew space to invite Beth, and only Beth, up to the bridge. Ordering her TEDs to wait Beth suppressed a smile as she left the passenger hab, her hope that Zep's need to show off outweighed his caution being accurate. Stepping onto the lavish bridge once more Beth instantly felt the tension in the air, nervous yet keen anticipation mixed with a hint of fear. Zep sat on his throne pouring over the data displayed on his armrest terminal, muttering orders to the attentative watch standers. Beth's guide motioned for her to sit in a nearby chair, one intended for observers. 
The main screen showed ....nothing. E-Space was as empty as she'd been told; no nearby planets or stellar bodies to give any relief from the endless darkness and distant points of light. Beth had never seen it herself before, most commercial space traffic having no reason to drop out of jump drive between star systems as the emptiness held nothing for them. Same went for most other space farers except deep space research vessels and pirates; pirates like the ones Beth had been forced to ally with. Beth repeated to herself several times that she HAD been forced into this, that dying instead wouldn't have helped anyone, and that nobody could blame her for what was coming. Her internal conflict was interrupted as Captain Zep said "Alright ladies and gentlemen. If our data on Alice is accurate, then she should be jumping past this location in the next hour. Mr Hellik, let’s cast a net and see if we can catch anything."
The stern pirate who'd guided Beth to the bridge touched several controls on his console and reported "Disruption field engaged, external sensors boosted to maximum range, estimated time we can maintain this output is another three hours."
"Thank you mister Hellik, Ms Gazzle please have the Hare move into position and ready all weapon batteries." Zep snapped out, the picture of control. 
"Hare confirms position and readiness sir" growled the colourful woman at the communication console, her flaring red Mohawk bristling wildly. 
"Now we wait." Zep said seriously, his eyes locked on the main screen.
The minutes began to drag past as something akin to silence settled over the bridge. Certainly the distant throb of the assault cruises engine’s could be heard along with numerous clicks and whirs from consoles, as status updates came in. Truthfully there was no such thing as real silence on a space vessel. But here the anticipation that filled the room seemed to smother out all other noise as everyone waited for Alice to arrive. Beth knew the cargo vessel's actual name was CSCS Hermes, a mega-ton cargo hauler which regularly supplied outer colony worlds, but the pirates seemed determined to name anything they considered prey as Alice. By the ten minutes mark Beth was fidgeting, almost wishing the ambush would begin; anything seemed better than this infernal waiting. The pirates seemed unbothered, surely practiced at this sort of patience and continued their assigned tasks while keeping a watchful eye on their terminals.
Finally after twenty-two minutes the short bald pirate with his bare scalp tattooed in a checkerboard style who was manning the sensor’s station shouted "Contact at outer sensor limits, breeching disruption field now."
"All ahead full." grinned Zep, his eyes alight with hunger. "All batteries to open on target weapon stations and engines during first pass. I want a crippling blow on Alice, I'm not in the mood for a long chase."
Far ahead of the accelerating pirate ships a small patch of empty space began contorting in a nexus of riotous energies. Like a small electrical storm the disturbance lashed about for a short while before spitting out two objects, then collapsing inwardly onto itself. Once the jump storm behind them cleared the Hatter's screen zoomed in on the two remaining objects, as her Ident computers confirmed their identity. A watchstander reported "Two vessels sir, one is confirmed as Alice. The second appears to be an older Keppstar destroyer class vessel, probably retired from military service and bought up by Alice's parent company for escort duties."
Zep tutted to himself as the sensor readouts poured in. "Seems we have an uninvited guest to our little tea party. Have the Hare intercept this White Rabbit while we engage and disable Alice." 
Beth felt her heart catch in her throat as she saw what was happening. Cycles back, during her time with the Regional Auditing Authority of the Central Systems Post she'd been given an assignment in a fringe world system called Bebalits Gift, a pleasant little star system that hosted two agri-planets. Due to a prank by a jealous colleague in the department, she'd been booked as a passenger on a small grain cargo hauler instead of one of the regular commercial liners. Now she could have disputed the booking, refused to go, wasted a week or more for another liner to pass through and make the journey in comfort, but Beth decided it wasn't worth it. So she spent a week on the CSCS Randy Turnip, whose captain still laughed at his ship’s name even after twenty cycles flying her. Many cargo ships converted what little spare space they had into spartan traveller accommodation, to make some extra profit from cheap passenger fairs. When the captain, a jolly fellow named Marlo had discovered his passenger was a high ranking executive in a prestigious organisation like the CSPS, he'd acted like she was a visiting dignitary or member of royalty. Breaking ship tradition he had invited her to his ship’s cramped little bridge constantly to talk to her about his journeys, describe space travel to her and try to weasel some corporate secrets out of the amused Beth. While accustomed to much finer accommodation, Beth had been polite to Marlo and his small crew for their efforts, but that didn't stop her enjoying herself two cycles later when promotion had come and she'd been able to send her prank prone colleague to the most miserable backwater post she could think of.
If Beth had had time to think now, she'd smile at how spoiled she was back at the CSPS. Still the memory of that dull trip on the Randy Turnip told her exactly what was happening to both the Hermes and its escort craft. A ship coming out of jump always brought an element of risk, no matter how advanced jump drives had become. The sudden re-emergence with normal space strained all shipboard systems, usually knocking out a few sub-systems like sensors or communication for a few seconds before backups kicked in and rebooted everything. During a scheduled emergence on the Randy Turnip, Captain Marlo had all his crew at their stations, with all backups running at full power. But while in jump drive the captain had only a few crew members on duty, as having everyone on station for the week long duration that most jumps took would eventually drive his crew to exhaustion. So an unscheduled drop out of jump drive would mean only some of the crew would be at their stations, prolonging the time before they could get all systems up and running again, essential systems like external sensors. Also weapon stations and missile bays on the Hermes escort would be undermanned, while now crew scrambled in darkened corridors as emergency lights flickered and alarms sounded. Complete shock and panic would reign, while outside the predatory hulls of the Hatter and Hare closed in. 
Beth began to understand why Zep had gained his title as a Pirate Lord. In-system raiding was always a possibility in star systems on the edge of CS controlled space, where the CS fleet was spread thin. Beth had assumed Zep would have his ship lie in wait at Vig 3, one of the necessary stop points of the Hermes as she came out of jump to rest her crew and allow the effects of a long jump to wear off. But Zep had a weapon that could pull a ship out of jump drive, somewhere in the nothingness between stars where the chances of a CSF patrol interfering was near-impossible. 
'Also where evidence of the raid would likely never be found,' Beth thought to herself with a shudder. But Beth had never heard of such a weapon, it was meant to be impossible to stop a ship in jump space. If Zep spared his captives, how could he keep this weapon a secret? 
Dread clawed its way into Beth's soul as she wondered if she'd just consigned all those people to death just for a handful of supplies.
From the com station Ms Gazzle grinned. "The White Rabbit is hailing us, demanding to know who we are." Meanwhile, the two pirates manning the tactical station went into a flurry of activity as the Hermes came into weapons range. One said "Alice has raised her defensive screens, her few weapon batteries are powering up but won't be ready till our second pass." The second added "Firing solutions calculated, initiating now."
The Hatter swooped over the wallowing cargo freighter as her numerous laser batteries, missile stations and macro cannons pounding the poor beast mercilessly. While appearing as an indiscriminate torrent of death on the bridge screen to Beth's untrained eye, the weapon salvos were specifically targeted by the Hatters’ veteran weapon crews and tactical systems. The Hermes low grade commercial screens flared brilliantly under the laser onslaught before sections faltered and flickered out, their emitters overloaded. Beneath them the cargo haulers defensive turrets and flak cannons blew apart from macro rounds and missile impacts. As the Hatter pulled away her rear mounted laser turrets sent a parting barrage into the Hermes’ engine section, shattering the great vessel’s ability to flee. 
"Alice is crippled and adrift," smirked the bald pirate at sensors, "minimal crew causalities estimated."
Lord Zep nodded his head in satisfaction. "Alice is subdued. Let us assist the Hare in hunting our White Rabbit."
As it was, the Hare needed little assistance at this point. Having taken the escort vessel by surprise, the Hare's first pass allowed her to unload most of her arsenal on the escort destroyer while return fire had been negligible. Now the Hare came in again, the escort craft lashed back angrily with what weapon stations were still active. These were a dismal few after the chaos of the Hare's first pass, and Zep shook his head as some of the escorts shots went wide. 
"Corporate fools," he muttered. "They spend thousands of credits on a craft like that, and then some idiot in a suit decides to skimp on crew, leaving them either undermanned or undertrained. I've seen colonial militia shoot better than that. Silence her please."
As the Hatter loomed into the engagement, the White Rabbit used her remaining manuvering thrusters to face the new threat, its weapon stations firing until they were clinically silenced one by one. Zep ordered missiles to finish them off, explaining to Beth, "Missiles are slower than lasers or macro-rounds, so the gun crews should have time to run before their weapon stations are hit."
Beth nodded at him gratefully, seeing this as a good sign. With the escort destroyer now subdued, the entire bridge relaxed. Smiling now, Zep ordered: "Ms.Gazzle, tell the Hare that the White Rabbit is all hers. Helm, bring us next to Alice and launch the boarding parties."
Beth still sat in the observation chair, her attention glued to the bridge display screen. She couldn't believe it was already over. She'd never been in a space battle before, but the speed in which it had rushed past and finished left her stunned, not quite believing it. Slowly she released the chair's armrests, where she'd almost gripped hard enough to dent the metal. She noted that Lord Zep was still talking to her. "Administrator Belontalus, the boarding parties will secure Alice before I visit her personally. You are welcome to join me with your... servitors if you wish."
Beth nodded numbly taking his proffered silk gloved hand and followed him to the bridge's exit hatch. When they arrived at the Hatter's launch deck, a vicious looking shuttle craft waited impatiently, its engines whining in anticipation for launch. Several pirates wearing full tactical armour stood around the entry hatch, their faces covered by sinister combat helmets. Known for their individualism, the pirates had decorated each of their tactical suits extensively with artwork, graffiti, small trophies and other baubles. One even had the back of his combat helmet cut open so his impressive set of dreadlocks sprouted out and hung loose. Beth also spotted an assortment of unconventional personal weapons about their person, ranging from exotic alien pistols to Old Earth cutlass replicas.

Off to one side waited the TEDs, having been escorted here earlier. They all wore basic flak jackets with respirators over the lower half of their faces, trying to match the casual stance of the pirates nearby. Approaching them, Beth was given her own respirator and flak jacket by Suspicious, which she slipped into. Finding the flak vest was a little tight; Beth decided she should find her own combat attire at some point, knowing she couldn't always rely on borrowing others. Suspicious also handed her the gabber she'd left in their quarters earlier. Beth clipped the holster to her belt and jammed the gabber in before it could say anything stupid. JD sensibly remained quiet as Beth fastened her MAP to her wrist. 
Lord Zep, now resplendent in his tailored captain's armour, led them up the shuttle's ramp into the claustrophobic hold, which was mostly decked out with functional zero-grav harnesses in case the flight got bumpy. Beth picked one and strapped herself in, the seat to her left occupied by a rather large pirate, and Whisper choosing the one to her right. The seat almost swallowed Beth up, having been designed to fit somebody decked out in full tactical armour. 
Beth wondered what she had gotten herself into.

Chapter 15
A lean-looking pirate in flight garb, most likely the co-pilot, moved along checking everyone's straps before disappearing into the cockpit. Lord Zep had taken the seat across from Beth, his eyes scanning her as if searching for weakness. Beth would admit to herself she was a tad nervous, being a civilian, but her pride would never let her show it to Zep, lest their tentative power balance be disrupted. She gave him a half-hearted thumbs up which seemed to satisfy the warrior, before he turned his attention elsewhere. Beth's stomach dropped as the shuttle lurched upward from its pad and flew out the hangers opening, its surface crackling as it passed through the atmosphere shield. Over the sound of the engines, Beth could hear Lord Zep shout "By the time we dock, my crew should have secured most of the items on the shopping list you provided. They'll also be looking for anything else useful that we can get out hands on."
Beth just nodded, not trusting herself to speak. 
The only warning they had that they'd arrived was a sudden jolt sideways, followed by a loud clang. Everyone waited expectantly for the co-pilot to re-emerged and report that they'd docked with one of Alice's transfer hatches. As the pressure in the airlock had equalised, everyone unstrapped themselves and watched the co-pilot open the shuttle's own hatch. Beth waited for the sound of gunfire, but instead the pirates exited the shuttle without fuss, follow by Beth and her TEDs. Outside the Hermes airlock, they found another squad of four pirates garbed in tactical armour, waiting to escort Lord Zep to the bridge. To Beth, the corridor seemed remarkably boring, not what she'd expected to find on a ship recently defeated in a space battle. There were no fallen beams, walls blasted open, flicker lights, or sparking consoles. In fact, the only thing slightly amiss was the faint tang of burning plastic on the air. The TEDs had pulled on their air masks by now and Beth followed suit, while Lord Zep strolled out onto his new prize like a proud landowner. 
"Everything seems to be in order" he declared, his voice amplified through the helmit he'd put on before exiting the shuttle "Shall we go and have a look at the bridge of this tub then."
Beth followed in the opulent pirate's wake. The vessel was definitely a commercial hauler, with each corridor they traversed narrow to save space, and the rooms they passed full of ugly yet functional equipment. Zep said over his shoulder that they didn't have far to go, as this section of the ship was relatively small. Most of the ship's bulk was made up of vast cargo holds kept in vacuum, to preserve cargo and save on running costs. Only the small scattering of hab decks, the bridge, and engineering had full life-support on voyages like this, which was something he preferred. 
"Takes too long to air up a cargo hold for anyone to hide inside, so most of the crew are usually concentrated here. Makes them easy to round up. Also means the outer weapon stations can only be manned by sailors in space suits, which means it takes longer for them to report during an emergency, and if we shoot them out it's more likely the crew will survive. A win-win for us" he smiled. 
Here and there they passed small signs of the terror that must have gripped the crew earlier, be it a still smoking cigar in an ashtray, a half-eaten meal in the galley, or someone's music still playing from a bedroom. Beth blocked them out, not wanting to be curious, not wanting to think of the crew as real people she might have just gotten killed.
Finally they reached the Hermes bridge; a tiny room compared to the one Zep occupied on the Hatter. The equipment here was cheaper too; bulky and functional like the rest of the ship with little care for craftsmanship. Beth's group of TEDs had been shadowing them up until now, hanging back to loiter in the corridor leaving Beth in the Pirate Lord's care. Currently all the bridge's screens displayed a lockdown message, rendering them useless. The room was mostly vacant aside from two of Zeps heavy boys, and a nervous man sitting in the modest Captains chair. 
Beth's heart fell when she saw him, noting the wrinkled blue skin, the medals for 'long service' pinned to his chest, how old he was. He was ex-Fleet, she could tell just by looking at him. The straight posture drilled into him deep enough to defeat the sag of age. The precisely neat uniform adorned with the unnecessary medals. The honour tattoos just peeking over the neckline of his corporations service jacket. And most of all the pride, which ran deeper than anything else, yet was now so fragile. It was like looking at her father again. 
Both of the pirates kept their laser rifles aimed at the old man, yet their postures were relaxed. Beth knew they shouldn't be, she'd seen something else she recognised in the aged captain's eyes. 
"Oh crap, he's a Wellmep" she thought to herself.
Zep stepped up to the alien, his fixed smile firm as he said "Hello there, my good fellow, sorry to inconvenience you but I'm afraid well have to take your ship. Now if you'll just hand over your command chip then we'll soon be on our way."
"We..." the old man licked his dry lips "We won't surrender" he quavered.
Zep scoffed "Very good my boy, is there a camera in here capturing your brave words? Keen for the top hats of your corporation back at CS Prime to see your dedication and get a nice fat bonus? I like that good sir, always good to see someone with the angle in mind. But trust me, this tub is probably insured, so you've lost nothing."
"No, not again" the captain said again, faster now "we won't surrender."
Scowling now, Zep took a step forward as if to strike the man.
Suddenly Beth was there at Zep's shoulder, her hand on his arm "But he has already lost everything."
Zep looked at her in confusion, then let her guide him away so she could speak to the man. 
She took the frail blue hand in hers "We've already taken it all away, haven't we. Everything that was left."
The pride wavered and Beth saw water come to his three eyes. She asked "How long were you Fleet?"
Surprise, followed by a hint of suspicion flashed past. "Thirty cycles miss" he admitted.
"How long as a Captain?" Beth pushed.
"Sixteen" he declared, the pride rousing like an old beast. 
"And then they took it" Beth finished. 
Pain, regret, and a hidden shame swam past now, and Beth knew she'd been right. He nodded. "Then this" Beth said indicating the ship around them "flying an almost defunct hauler, with a civilian crew, for a company that sees you just as a number."
"Yes" he hissed angrily, shame openly apparent now. "Driving this scow out to backwaters for a pittance, because nobody else would take me. And I couldn't even.." he choked off.
"Couldn't even protect her" Beth finished for him "Couldn't stop her from being boarded and looted. They'll fire you when you return, won't they." Beth knew they would, his reputation as a captain was already tarnished enough to ensure it. Certainly he could work his way back into his employer's good graces over time, or start over with another company. But Beth could see the man's resolve was shaken, he wouldn't be able to captain another ship after this. 
Maybe he'd turn to drink like dad had. 
"Please don't take my chip" he whispered desperately, gripping the object in his left hand like a life raft. "It's ... Its all I have..."
"I know." Beth hushed him with a kind smile. "It's yours, we won't take it."
The old captain slumped into his chair with relief as Beth turned back to a very displeased Zep.
"Now you listen here, this is MY operation. We need that command chip to access the ship's computer" the Pirate Lord protested.
"You don't have any tech heads on board who can just bypass it?" Beth hit back.
"Bah, back on the Hatter yes, but we've already wasted enough time here. We usually just take what we need from the chip" he snarled.
Beth glared at him for a moment, and then walked away. She approached one of the bridge terminals, removed her MAP from her wrist and plugged JD into one of its access ports. To the device she stated "Get us access please" then waited. 
Beth had no idea how sophisticated JD's new hacking ability was, but she hoped it could at least handle the third rate security protocols of an old commercial hauler like this. Still scowling, Zep was about to say something else when the screens around the bridge flickered one by one, the terminals came back on, showing status reports and command access. JD's voice came over the ship speakers "Ship functionality restored Administrator." A small chirp from the MAP device told Beth the interface program had returned to its mobile home. 
"Thankyou JD" Beth whispered, reminding herself to reward JD later.
Zep was regarding her curiously, the old fake smile back in place "Obviously," he began "you are an even more resourceful woman than I'd previously imagined."
Beth shrugged "So you'll let him keep the command chip then?" she asked.
"Well, its useless now" Zep granted "so why not."
Beth shook her head, wondering how the pirate Lord could be so blind to the feelings of another ship captain "No, not useless at all." Returning her attention to the Hermes captain she asked "You win sir, the ship remains yours. Now if you'll follow these two gentlemen in the tactical armour, they'll take you to where your crew are waiting."
Indecision rose in the old spacer "The crew, the crew would willingly…"
"The CIVILIAN crew" Beth interjected "are waiting for you captain, waiting for someone to lead them to safety" trying to keep the desperation from her voice she finished with "as is your duty."
That last word hit the older man like a sledge hammer. The last bit of resolve left his shoulders and he nodded, rising from the chair. Passing Beth, he was stopped by her murmur "Please captain" and glanced down at her open hand. 
Nodding, his hand closed over hers, her body blocking the pirates view and he mumbled "Very well lass. But something else comes for you now."
Beth nodded, not understanding. As the captain reached the guards, one moved behind him and held something to his neck. As the small device hissed the Wellmep groaned and pitched forward, his eyes rolling back into his head. 
"What have you done to him!" Beth shouted "he gave himself up!"
"Which is why he is still alive" Zep said to her calmly, his smug look having returned "The neuro-toxin has two effects. Firstly it renders the individual unconscious for a period of eight hours, more than enough time for us to finish up here. The second effect is far more useful however, as it erases the individuals short term memory for two hours prior to injection."
Beth blinked at this "So you wanted access to the ships computer to.."
".. to erase all recorded evidence of our presence here" Zep finished for her imperiously. "Some of our toys would be far less useful if word about them got out."
"Clever" Beth conceded, relief washing over her.
Zep waited. Beth glared at him before muttered "I'm sorry I doubted you."
"No trouble" Zep said casually, his eyes glinting "Happens more often than you'd think. What was all that garbage about duty and his crew though; we could have just stunned him."
"No, you couldn't" Beth replied, standing beside Zep. At his curious look she held something out for him. As he accepted it she whispered "because he would have set this off."
Zep's expression froze as he recognised the detonator for what it was. "Is it..." 
"Linked into what's left of the ships jump drive?" Beth answered "Probably, or something else onboard equally as powerful."
Caught between fury and shock, Zep rounded on the two pirates who'd been guarding the Hermes captain. The two somehow managed to look sheepish, even behind their helmets blanked visors.
"They wouldn't have known" Beth said, coming to the rescue "He's ex-Fleet, so that thing's probably designed to stay hidden even from your armour's sensors."
"How did you know about it then?" Zep snapped "I looked him over and never spotted it."
"His eyes" Beth said, then switched to "and that garbage, as you called it, about duty was to remind him. He was terrified of failing his duty, but had forgotten a civilian crew isn't trained to die for it. Killing them would have been wrong, even to stop you."
Zep watched her, waiting for more but none came. Blowing out an exasperated breath, he said "Lucky you reminded him then. I don't suppose you're going to tell me how you knew all that."
She answered with a coy smile.
"Fine, have it your way" Zep sighed, rolling his eyes "We'll just throw him in with the crew and ..."
"He's coming with us" Beth said.
"You want a hostage? That's not really my style."
"Please" Beth insisted. She knew what she was doing was crazy, but she had a hunch. She also had a fear, a fear at what the Wellmep would do to himself later.
Zep mulled it over for a moment, took another look at Beth's puppy dog eyes before throwing his hands up in mock surrender "Egad woman, you are impossible to argue with sometimes" he smiled "But remember, he'll be your responsibility. You'll have to feed him and everything."
Off to the side one of Zep's armoured goons, the dreadlock one in this case, put a gloved hand to the side of his helmet, listening to his ear mic. After a moment he spoke through the helmet's speaker "My Lord, squad eight has dropped out of contact and are not responding to hails."
Zep seemed momentarily taken aback, then his expression remoulded into a rueful smile "Squad eight? That would be Tennul's boys then. Well, knowing him they've either gone to do a spot of looting, or found this tub's grog supply. Administrator Belontalus, shall we travel down to the cargo bays and see if the lads have aired them up? I'd like to check if we managed to get everything on our shopping list."
Beth nodded, following behind the resplendent Pirate Lord and his escort as they left the Hermes captain where he had fallen. Before she could query as to his fate, Zep ordered two of Beth's TEDs, Whisper and Sneaky, who'd been busy breaking open some of the Hermes crew's lockers, to carry the unconscious cargo captain to the waiting shuttle. Beth suppressed her mild indignation at Zep ordering HER TEDs around, but let it pass. As Whisper and Sneaky shambled past with the unconscious Wellmep between them, Suspicious cocked a questioning eyebrow toward her, saying "Another stray to add to your pack boss?"
Beth shrugged "He could be useful, you never know."
"Good choice" Suspicious nodded "Remember, stray dogs can become wolves with the right leader."
Beth threw him a look but was interrupted before she could say more. Zep's first guard stopped, his dreadlocks rustling about his helmet, splaying forward as he rapped the side of his head with a gloved hand. Turning back to look at his leader he muttered "Comm net is down my Lord, interference."
The change in Zep was electric. He had his ornate golden pistol drawn in a flash, his eyes wary "That's a trick we usually pull" he said bluntly to Beth, "Seems Alice is no mere cargo carrier. You two, where was the nearest squad located during the last check?"
"Two corridors over, my Lord" the second pirate answered, his expression hidden by his visor.
"Lets go then" Zep said grimly, leading the way.
By now Beth's TEDs had formed a protective ring around her, with their assortment of weaponry at the ready. Whisper and Sneaky stopped to shove the unconscious Wellmep into one of the crew's lockers, locking him inside before jogging to catch up with the others. Beth drew her gabber, instantly reassured by the cool feel of its grip in her hand. The smart pistol whispered "I got your back boss, sniffing for targets." To her wrist she said "JD, can you jump back into the ship's systems and give us some oversight?"
The MAP device flashed affirmative "Yes mistress" it whispered "As I already have access to the master codes, I can wirelessly interact with most of the ship systems." 
"Even without them it wouldn't have been that hard though" she sniffed.
Beth let this pass, wondered if she could somehow weaponize the ego of the Debian Combine. With the output between the masterminds and the minions, she'd surely conquered the galaxy within a week.
The group hustled past empty living quarters until they came across Zep's second group of pirates. These three were similarly decked out in full tactical armour and were alert, having dragged a table out from one of the living quarters nearby and set up a temporary barricade to cover the corridor. They visibly relaxed when Zep came into view, a few rapped knuckles with Zep's guards. 
"What's your standard procedure when this sort of thing happens?" Beth asked Zep.
Zep looked at the pirates, back at her and shrugged "It's never happened before. As I said, it's usually us who pull this trick. I've never seen Central Systems authorities or anyone else do it before."
Beth felt like slapping him. If her father had been here he'd have shot the man on the spot for such laxity (though being a pirate would have warranted that sooner). 
"Ok" she managed "when you did this to … other people, who reacted the best, as in created the most complications for you?"
One of the new pirates answered her, his helmet visor painted with a grotesque grinning skull "would have to be out near the Jack Lantern moons, when we jumped those Security Express boys. They had a bunch of ex-CS Fleet aboard."
The other pirates nodded at the memory, prompting Beth to ask "Ok and what did they do when they lost all contact with each other."
"Armed themselves and rushed to pre-defined locations, dug in and forced us to fight it out" skull-face admitted quietly.
"And you have no pre-defined strategy like that" she shot at Zep, who shook his head "Alright, we'll have to work up a new training model when we get back to the Base, to make sure this doesn't happen again." 
Before Zep could protest she pushed on with "If you could contact your boarding parties on this tub, what would your orders be?"
Zep considered this "I'd say the most defensible locations aboard are the main mess hall, sub-engineering bay 2 and the primary cargo bay control room from the schematics we have. So I'd tell everyone to move to the closest of the three and dig in."
"Good enough" Beth said, to her wrist she muttered "You get all that JD?"
"On it" replied the tinny voice. 
A moment later the ship wide PA system belched out a siren.
"Attention all boarding forces" it boomed "Lord Zep has designated the following locations as fallback defensive positions. Report to the closest immediately and secure it. The locations are .." the announcement went on to list the areas Zep had mentioned, then rasped into silence.
"If there's enemy forces aboard, then they know where we are now" Dreadlocks complained.
"They probably knew already" Zep replied with an annoyed look "Administrator, can that useful little device of yours find any evidence of somebody linking into the ships internal security net?"
Beth relayed the question, to which JD replied "Affirmative, a ghost link has been established on the lower cargo decks. Would you like me to terminate it mistress? By doing so I'll have to bring the entire system down for a moment."
"Yes" Beth said "Also can you replace all current ship system access with passwords more formidable, just to lock them out from now on."
"On it" the MAP declared. 
"That's that then" Zep said in a confident voice "Shall we make our way to the mess hall to plan our next move?"
As the armed party moved off towards the Hermes mess hall, Suspicious hazarded a question "My lord, what of your ships outside, and the shuttlecraft for that matter, can they not aid us?"
Zep frowned at the TED, obviously unused to being addressed by any of the clones "Standard practice for all boarding shuttles is to return to their mother ship after dropping cargo. They make too soft a target when docked, something we learned the hard way while taking the CSMS Backalus two cycles back. As for our ships outside, this interference is blocking my attempts to contact them."
"What about the Hermes com system?" Suspicious asked. 
"Useless to us" Zep's frown deepened but he held his temper "The disruption field we employ to pull ships out of jump drive also makes all normal ship to ship communication impossible. Our vessels use a special pulse transmitter to burst messages back and forth when the field is up. Even if we could use this tubs comm system, my people on the Hatter and Hare would ignore it."
Suspicious looked like he was going to speak again but Whisper stepped firmly on his foot, probably saving the over-talkative TED. Not trusting the deck-elevators, the group found an access stairwell and proceeded to the next deck down, finding more crew quarters and storage rooms. It was at the first intersecting corridor that they heard the unmistakable whine of laser fire, coming from the direction they'd been heading. Zep and his goons instantly broke out into a run, stomping down the corridor in their heavy tactical armour. Beth followed close behind with her TEDs in tow, Whisper and Sneaky out on the flanks checking each room they passed for potential hostiles.
The group finally burst into the mess hall, almost catching a burst of laser fire from the jumpy pirates stationed there. A group of seven armed rogues were already crouched behind a makeshift barricade of mess tables covering both entrances. Beth saw only four had full tactical load outs, the other three in lighter combat harnesses and tool belts marking them as system specialists. The laser rifles they carried looked serious enough though. One pirate, who seemed the senior of the group launched into a wave of apologies to Zep for almost shooting him, but the Pirate Lord waved him away in irritation. 
"Enough about that" he ordered "we heard shooting earlier. What happened?"
"Hostiles my Lord" the squad leader confirmed, indicating towards the specialists "when these three joined us from the shuttle docks they were being pursued by a group in white combat harnesses, looked like older Ref-XX models."
Zep slammed his hand down on the barricade "Damn! Which means their easily bought on the black market and could belong to anybody. Any idea how they got onboard?"
One of the specialists spoke up at this, his voice warped by his hazard helmets speaker "If I may my Lord, they might have been here already. When the systems came back online earlier we noticed a strange power drain from somewhere else in the ship."
Beth threw the question at JD who responded promptly "He is correct. There seems to have been an unusual power drain from one of the unaired cargo bays before our attack. This bay is also not far from the ghost link in the security net. Records indicate the cargo bay began airing itself up without authorization when the ship came under fire, though the crew was too busy to investigate why. I apologise mistress, I should have spotted that sooner."
Beth told JD to chill and passed on the info to Zep, whose frown returned with a vengeance. 
"Would have had to have been hiding in one of the larger cargo containers for that, one specially modified to hold people in a vacuum. Almost sounds like.." he stopped, turning on the squad leader "We need to shut off that jamming device so the Hatter and Hare can send in reinforcements. I have no intention of waiting for whoever is hunting us to strike. Everybody form up, we're heading to that cargo bay and were going to pick up any of the lads we find along the way."
The pirates formed up for the group to set out again deeper into the ship. Beth heard one pirate mutter in relief "Old Ref-XX's? No match for our tactical armour then. This should be easy." 
The personal quarters and leisure rooms surrounding them gave way to functional engine rooms and workshops as they approached the engineering and cargo decks. 
"Wouldn't your subordinates have sent reinforcements by now?" Beth asked as they walked.
"Eventually" Zep shrugged "but we have no established procedure for this, so it might take them a while. They are accustomed to following my exact orders."
A suspicion began forming in Beth's mind. To her wrist bound MAP device she muttered "JD, tap into what's left of the Hermes external sensors and have a look outside. How are the other ships doing?"
The interface program only took a second to reply "Not well mistress. The vessel designated Hare is listing off to port, its power systems fluctuating while the vessel designated Mad Hatter seems dead in space, aside from her running lights and environmental systems. The only positive is the escort vessel designated White Rabbit is still dormant."
When Beth relayed this to the Pirate Lord he was livid "What! But that's impossible. Are they under attack? What other ships could find us out here?"
"The Hermes sensors show no other vessels in the immediate vicinity" JD prompted helfully.
Zep looked somewhere between confused and outraged. Beth noticed Sneaky was waving his arms at them trying to get some attention. Suspicious noticed as well, watched his fellow TED's erratic hand gestures before saying "He's saying it might be a viral attack, something internal like what your wrist thing does."
The others nodded and even Zep seemed to consider this notion despite its source "Yeeess" he muttered "Like a Fritz signal or something. Both exotic and rare, almost as hard to obtain as the jamming device blanking our comms. Might have piggy backed on our returning shuttles."
"But who could pull off something like that?" Beth asked.
"Somebody like us" said a voice simply.
The EMP mine exploded in the centre of the pirates, disabling several of the powered combat suits leaving Zep and half his escort thrashing on metal decking. Before Beth knew what was happening two of the pirates still standing were down, plasma bolts burning through their armour and cooking the men inside before they could react. The air exploded from Beth's lungs as Suspicious slammed into her side, driving her into the cover of an open doorway as several more bolts took the life of the specialist who'd been lagging back with the TED's. As the pirates and TED's scattered a plasma bolt also managed to clip Moody, who had been too slow to react.
Picking herself up from the floor, Beth was about to chance a glance out the door when Suspicious held her back. "That fancy armour of your friends won't reboot for another few minutes."
"They hit Moody too!" Beth whispered frantically.
Suspicious nodded "They'll shoot him again if they're smart."
Beth looked at him in horror when she heard boot steps on the deck outside as their ambushers emerged. She drew back as the sound closed in, several pairs now stopped where Zep and his men had fallen. 
"Look at the one without the suit boys" one thickly accented voice scoffed "he's a right squirmier. Maybe we can have some fun with him out near the airlocks."
"Big mistake" Suspicious grinned evilly.
The hallway outside erupted into an explosion of plasma shots, screams and the wet snapping of bone. Beth glanced at Suspicious, who only smiled back at her. Finally the horrible cascade of noise ceased, leaving only the tiny desperate sound of someone sobbing. Suspicious rose and confidently strode past her out into the corridor, followed a moment later by a hesitant Beth. The air out in the corridor stank of ozone and the metallic tang of blood. Sprinkled amongst the still disabled pirates were half a dozen human bodies, each one torn apart despite the combat harness's they wore. Some had caved in helmets where blood pooled out of the cracks, while others had been slashed open like meaty stuffed dolls. Beth shuddered as she spotted one man who'd looked as if he'd been beaten to death with another's torn off arm.
In the middle of the carnage sat Moody, splattered in the blood of the butchered that ran of him and pooled around his legs. The TED had a lost expression on his face, seemingly unaware of the devastation around him, sucking vigorously on one thumb, his tubes shone bright red with charged chemicals. Suspicious casually stepped over the dead and disabled as he moved to comfort the TED, rubbing his back and whispering words into his ear. 
Beth took a step towards them when she stood on something squishy, gagged a few times until her stomach settled. This time, watching her footing, she moved over to where Zep had fallen, carefully checking the Pirate Lord over. Seeing no signs of damage on him she whispered "Zep, are you dead or just playing dead?"
"I wish it were the former" he muttered "I think I got some dead person in my helmet when your minion went ballistic."
As Beth helped him sit up, both fighting his disabled armour to do so, he said "I didn't know they had such abilities."
"That's Moody, I think he's a bit special. Isn't that right Suspicious?" she called out to the huddle of TEDs.
Suspicious glanced at her, considering his options.
"Yessss" he decided "The RATs were designed to be berserk."
He lifted up the back of Moody's tunic, revealing a square machine set into the TED's skin. It appeared the source of all Moody's skin woven tubing and housed a dozen canisters, each containing a different coloured chemical.
"This is his chem implant" Suspicious said "It pumps him full of different drug cocktails depending on what the situation warrants. Sedatives, synthetic adrenaline and much more come from here." 
"Did you see what happened?" Beth asked the disgusted Zep.
"I closed my eyes after the first one died" Zep admitted "I've killed men before but that was just ... messy."
"Yeah" Beth agreed "You ok?"
"I will be" he glanced at her "you're taking this amazingly well, almost like you've seen something like this before."
Beth smiled at him, the firmly fixed smile where the muscles are forced to obey. 
"How curious" he finished, checking his armours readout. "I should be right to move again in another minute. Could you check the others?"
By now Sneaky, Whisper and Torch had emerged from cover and clustered around Moody. Beth left them be for a moment and went around checking the pirates, joined a moment later by the surviving pair of specialists, who lacked powered tactical armour like herself. Of the heavies four pirates had survived the ambush, and another two badly wounded. The specialists went about patching up their brothers, while trying not to step on the dead as Beth returned to her TED's.
Coming up behind Suspicious she asked "What did you give him?"
"Sugar free chewing gum" he replied, turning around "If I hadn't he'd have sucked the skin right off that thumb in fifteen minutes. Plus having something to chew will help him come down faster."
"Come down?" she queried .
"From the drug rush, and the adrenaline, and the mental-conditioning" Suspicious said with a shrug, "he should be ok."
"I hope so" she looked at Moody, who'd managed to cram a dozen sticks of chewing gum into his mouth at once, and now vigorously chomped away "can he do that again if we need it?"
"Not for another half-hour if we can help it" Suspicious cautioned "He can go berserk again, sure. But the deeper he digs into that tight little ball of fury he's got inside him, then the more likely he'll forget his training."
"What sort of training?"
"The Rat's need only one type of training after Guizallis conditioned them" Suspicious said slowly "How to distinguish friend from foe."
Beth nodded "A terror weapon then."
Suspicious shrugged "Terror weapon, shock trooper, cannon fodder, all that and more." 
"So what should we do with him?" Torch queried from one side.
"I'd like to stick him in a locker like we did with the Captain" Suspicious advised "but honestly we might need him. Just remember if you hear him say anything about 'mother' then hide."
"Mother?"
"Yeah" Suspicious replied, his eyes nervous "hide really, really well."
"Ok" Beth mentally noted that under important, "we bring him then. This time were doing things a little differently though. Whisper, Sneaky, if I ask you guys to scout ahead can you manage it without getting killed or walking into another ambush?"
Both TEDs gave her thumbs up. 
"Excellent" she beamed at them "I think that sub-engineering bay should be our next stop. We need somewhere safe for our wounded. Don't you agree Lord Zep?"
Zep, who'd just managed to get to his feet now that his armour had restarted nodded "No complaints here Administrator. Can your wrist device provide us with a map?"
Beth realised she hadn't checked on JD since the EMP mine had gone off. Gripped the MAP with her free hand she thumbed a few buttons, but nothing happened, the device seemingly dead. 
"No" she said slowly "We'll have to make our own way." 
Zep rolled his eyes in a 'what else could go wrong' sort of way, before turning back to his men. "Alright you lot. Leave the others here, we'll have time to collect the dead and mourn them later after we've taken our vengeance."
The pirates formed up, some supporting their wounded and were joined by Beth's TEDs.
Beth took a step, intending to follow the others when she slipped. The floor here was slick from slain friends and foe, and she found herself crashing to her knees on the wet decking. Her open palms sunk into the warm blood, the smell coiling up into her mind as she came face to face with one of the dead. 
He'd been young, the soldier who'd fired at them from the dark, tanned skin marking him as an on-worlder. He looked like Petre, long lost on Vulgwurst, 2 cycles ago. 
Her control split a little, then snapped. The memories returned, and her ears burned with the long silent sound of breech klaxons blaring, atmosphere venting and the screams of faded friends. 
Then she came back, nose running as she gasped for air in the oxygen rich corridor. 
She needed a hug, and with a sob she realised she didn't have anyone to hug. Zep was useless, the pirates were standoffish or bleeding, the TED's saw her as a boss and while she could maybe get away with hugging Dan, he was half the galaxy away. 
"Mistress"
Beth looked up to find Torch standing before her, the bizarre TED glowing with concern. 
"Do not lose hope for your artificial friend" He beamed at her "Your wrist device demonstrated earlier its ability to wirelessly connect to the ships systems. It is quite possible it managed to flee before its hardware was burnt out."
"Yeah" Beth said slowly, wiping at the tears that had threatened her eyes "you're right, she might have. Thank you Torch"
His face became more radiate, which after a few seconds Beth realised must mean he was blushing. "It was nothing mistress." 
"Hush" she gripped his shoulder "it was far more than nothing" she assured him, feeling her self draw back from the abyss. 
Zep and one of the specialists were crouched over a body, one of the less mangled corpses of their ambushers. Having recovered somewhat Beth joined them.
"What's up? She asked
"I think we've figured out who's leading us on this merry chase" Zep replied with no humour "This ugly fellow here belongs to the Jesk Syndicate."
"Who are they?"
"A very professional and dangerous smuggling group" he muttered "We've had dealings with them before."
The specialist, a youthful looking lad grinned "His Lordship shot their leader once."
"Only a little" Zep corrected him.
"Then we blew up their base" the youth pointed out.
"Well, yes he's got a point there" the Pirate Lord admitted "In return they've been gunning for us for over three cycles now, fouling up a number of our operations in the field."
"But you're both criminal organizations. Why are you fighting each other?"
"I think you'll find that there is little honour amongst thieves Administrator" Zep smiled. "Despite what most people think, many criminals spend more time killing each other than normal people."
"So you've had beef with these guys before and they randomly turn up on the one shipment we decide to hijack?" Beth asked incredulously.
"Very strange isn't it, almost like they knew we were coming" Zep agreed.
By now Whisper and Sneak had returned, communicating via a flurry of hand gestures that the passage ahead appeared safe. The group continued on with the pirates giving Moody a wide berth. The unstable TED was busy loudly chomping on the gum he'd been giving, seemingly content. Walking beside him, Beth watched in fascination as the TED noisily blew a gum bubble that dwarfed the size of his own head, before sucking it back in and chewing some more. To one side Torch muttered "Take care brother. You know what happened last time."
Ignoring this advice Moody exhaled into the sticky membrane of the gum once more, expanding it out before him. Beth was about to voice her admiration when the bubble ruptured. The skin flung back with the force of the explosion, engulfing Moody's head. From deep within the mass of gum Beth heard him scream "I'M BLIND!" before running away, clawing at his own face. 
Beth couldn't help laughing, as Suspicious and Torch chased after him, both cursing while the pirates just looked annoyed. There wasn't much funny about the situation but Beth's reserve of calm had already cracked. 
That was the only cause for mirth on the journey however. By the time they reached the sub-engineering bay everyone was tired and jumpy, the wounded complaining and Zep snappish. 
"My lord! You're alive!"
Ms Gazzle was there amongst them of course, Beth wondered what it would take to kill off a terrifying woman like that. The engineering bay had two entrances, both covered by barricades set up by the pirates inside. The bay itself was an open affair, with each corner taken up by a large assemblage of machinery that meant nothing to Beth, yet still looked impressive. A large group of walking and wounded pirates stood guard.
"This is everyone my lord, everyone that's left at least." Ms Gazzle reported "We sent a few lads to try to make contact with the Cargo Control Room, but they never came back." 
"How do things stand here" Zep asked her.
"Hostiles have been testing our perimeter every fifteen minutes or so. No casualties yet, though the men are getting tired of being on the defensive. We’ve lost about fifteen people from the headcount. This isn't our sort of fight sir."
"Indeed, and the smugglers?" Zep asked.
"They've got some talented sappers amongst them, I'll grant them that" anger enfolded the pirate woman's words "Most of the bodies we've come across were taken down by hidden EMP mines, leaving the lads helpless. Then they were executed." 
"Yes" Zep agreed "we almost fell victim to something similar on our way here." 
"If I may my Lords" Suspicious asked, drawing a miffed look from Zep, but he blundered on anyway "It's your armour, you rely on it. You also rely on your prey being untrained merchant ship crewmen or underpaid local planetary enforcement patrols who at best can afford a flak vest." 
At the glares thrown his way Suspicious raised his hands in peace "Don't get me wrong, it's understandable. Those suits will protect you from a lost of atmosphere, enemy fire and normally the onboard sensor suite works far better than even the best set of eyes. But these guys are obviously set up to counter your style, so you're at a serious disadvantage."
"The tank born is right" Ms Gazzle admitted "If these really are Jesk Syndicate types, then they're used to tackling with Omicron Enforcement, who are infamous for their use of cyborgs huntsmen. EMP weaponry is second nature to them. It just sucks that it work so well against us." 
"What is your recommendation then, Ms Gazzle" Zep asked dryly.
"Now my Lord? With you here?" she considered it "I say we have a crack anyway. Sitting here waiting to get fried isn't our style.”
"Especially if the Hatter and Hare aren't coming to our rescue" muttered Dreadlocks.
"What of our armour…" as Beth listened to the pirates discuss the situation, Suspicious tapped her shoulder, pulling close so he could whisper in her ear.
"May I volunteer us?" he asked.
Beth nodded slowly, having already considered it herself. 
"We will go" Suspicious said aloud now, his voice cutting across the engineering bay. 
"You?" Ms Gazzle scoffed "I hardly think you tank breeds will last out there."
"Sneaky is good" Beth protested "I've seen him fight in the deep Decks back at base, and Whisper seems to match him in scouting ability. Remember we don't have combat armour, so their EMP weapons won't cripple us like they do you. Face it" she shrugged "we're the best shot you have."
"No, you're not" Zep stated firmly, moving between the two women "I understand what you're doing Bet … Administrator, but this is our operation, our fight."
He put a gloved hand on Beth's shoulder "Listen, I know how you feel. You may have brought us here Administrator, but know we have a blood debt to pay to the Syndicate now, which takes precedent over any previous action. You are not involved. After we've drained them of what they owe, then you and I can talk about balancing our own scales. Understand."
Beth glowered at him "What would you have us do then?" she bit off.
To the three specialists in the room Zep ordered "You, hand over your combat harnesses. We'll have to take yours Administrator, and that of your escort as well. With these we should be impervious to the Jesk's EMP charges as. Ms Gazzle, you and your people are to escort myself to the jamming device, so we may disable it and regain contact with the Hatter. Administrator, you and the rest will remain here to secure this location and await any stranglers from the other parties." 
Beth contained her anger, knowing this wasn’t the place or time. She reluctantly surrender her flak vest, as did the others to the pirates. 
"I almost feel naked without my combat armour" one buccaneer moaned. The others nearby chuckled as they strapped on the lighter combat harnesses and headed for the exit. 
After Zep and his heavies had left, Beth took stock of the Engineering bay. With the TEDs and remaining pirates positioned behind their barricades, she felt a bit more secure. She joined Suspicious at one corner of the room, where he was bandaging Moody's wounds. The berserker TED was still happily chomping away on his chewing gum, even giving Beth a friendly nod when she sat down. 
Still fuming from Zep's dismissal, yet not wanting to distract Suspicious from his work, she muttered at her pistol "You still working there?"
"What?" the gabber started "Of course! I'm a combat model boss, my electronics are shielded."
"Great!" she sighed "So what are you muttering about?"
"I'm just a gabber boss; I shoot where I'm pointed. Not my place to question the hand that aims me,” the pistol said back carefully.
"True, but I'll make an exception this time. What's up?" Beth asked.
"Well, it's the fancy swanky looking lad, the one totting that illegal Blinder handpiece. He just sent most of the big, sexy guns away to another fight. So where does that leave us?
"Well we've got the entrances covered" Beth informed him slowly, as if talking to a child "and the vents are too small for anyone to sneak through and …"
"Doesn't feel right" the gabber grunted "Feed me a clip boss, I think you'll need it soon enough."
Beth rolled her eyes but did as the gun asked. As she slide the magazine home a commotion broke out from the nearest barricade.
"What is it" someone asked.
"Gas!" barked one of the specialists "Everyone put on your breathing masks, quickly!"
"Well that was lucky" Beth breathed seconds later, her voice echoing inside her gas mask "So they wanted to gas us out then."
"Probably not" came Suspicions’ muffled yet calm voice "If they were hitting us with a knockout gas, then it would be invisible. Not much point in a knockout gas your enemy can see."
"Then what is the point of it then?" Beth demanded.
"I can't see much through this stuff, can you" Suspicious replied coldly.
The gas filled the chamber quickly and soon she could barely make out Suspicious, let alone the others. An annoyed voice somewhere else in the room muttered "Should have kept our combat suits on" before he was hushed into silence. 
Beth understood what he meant, the combat armour internal sensor net would have penetrated this smoke with ease, but fear of an EMP attack meant they'd discarded the powered suits. 
Weapons fire erupted from one of the barricades as somebody panicked, although Beth couldn't be sure what was really happening. Unable to spot any targets she stuck close to Suspicious as he moved. 
Suspicious tore off his mask and shouted into the murk, Beth losing his words as the sounds of struggle filled the chamber.
"Get away" the TED snapped at her "I just gave away my position. You have to hide." 
Before she could reply something charged out of the murk, tackling Suspicious in his midriff, then both disappearing into the smoke. 
Beth was suddenly alone.
Worried that someone would charge at her next, she dropped to all fours and crawled, still unable to see anything. The sounds of fighting and running had disappeared down one of the distant corridor, making Beth wonder how many had managed to flee. Somebody groaned nearby, further over from where she thought one of the barricades was. A small flash of light erupted and the groaning stopped. Now there was nothing, no sound, no footsteps, only Beth's strangled breathing as she tried to be silent. Even down here on the floor the fog was too thick to see through, made worst as her lenses fogged up with her breathing. 
"Something ahead boss" said her gabber, mercifully quiet. Peering ahead, Beth could make out a pair of gleaming boots, not a pair she recognised. Dragging the gabber before her she sited down its length, intending to blow away whoever it was walking towards her.
Something hard struck her in the side of the head, sending her world spinning. Sudden moisture wetted her lips, and she could taste blood her own from a split lip. The boot came down a second time and everything went black. 

Chapter 16
Beth woke up with her head still pounding. A pair of rough hands took her under the shoulders and lifted her up into the painful light. As her vision cleared she recognised the shuttle bay they had landed on when first boarding the Hermes.
Zep was there, on his knees with his wrist and ankles bound. He was bleeding from a cut on his forehead, his lip swelling, and both eyes burning with hatred. Similarly bound beside him were Ms Gazzle, Dreadlocks and a number of unconscious and bound pirates, all stripped of their armour. 
Beth's heart fluttered as she saw Suspicious and Torch amongst them, both bruised and looking her way with concern. She managed a weak smile towards them, relieved they were alive. 
The others were another matter entirely. Surrounding Zep and the group were over three dozen men in white combat harnesses, like those they'd encountered earlier. Most were human aside from a hulking Xelltusk in the back. They looked smug, assured, victorious. They'd won, Beth realised in dismay, and they had every reason to look so pleased. 
Beth scanned the bruised faces again. Where were Whisper and Sneaky?
A sliver of hope flared within her. While Moody seemed the sort to go down in a fight, neither of the two mute TEDs would have risked an open confrontation, not when they could have slipped away instead. Her eyes quickly searched the hanger's piles of equipment, fuel drums and inactive loading bots for a hint of the two.
Someone new moved into her field of vision, walking around the two goons who restrained her now. This one was attractive, in a rough sort of way. Athletic muscles rippled beneath his combat vest and his smile was that of a shark, predatory and hungry. A curious scar ran down one side of his head and most of one ear was missing.
"Awake?" he growled, in educated yet broken English "Good. Negotiation is difficult otherwise."
The man stepped close to her, causing Beth's nose to wrinkle. Seemed being trapped in a cargo container for an extended period did nothing for one's aroma. 
"I am Gunner, third Hand of the Jesk Syndicate. Your captors are now my prisoners. I am expecting you are grateful for your freedom, yes?" he asked.
Beth's head swam at his words, not quite understand. "But I wasn't tied up" she mumbled.
"No" this Gunner smiled "But there are many forms of bondage, no? We know about you Post Master Belontalus. Your arrest big news, as was your disappearance."
At this he turned and strode over beside Zep, sneering down at the pirate "We also know how his kind work, twisting those they need into servitude." 
He cuffed Zep across the ear, hard. "I not think you came into such company willingly, or had choice to leave if you desired it. True?"
Beth ground her teeth at the thug's action, but couldn't dispute his words "Yesssss" she hissed "That is … true."
"Excellent" Gunner roared "Then it is settled. Pirates outside not come aboard because they know we have stupid Zep, yet we can go nowhere. I will make you offer Belontalus. If you have your security program return control of the Hermes systems to me, I grant you your fondest desire."
"And what would that be" Beth asked cautiously. 
"Your old life back" he grinned. 
"You mean take me back to the Central Systems?" Beth asked "The authorities would arrest me the moment I landed …"
"I mean everything" Gunner interrupted her "Name cleared, previous wrongs righted, maybe even heroes return, yes?"
Beth's head swam. It was impossible, she'd spent entire nights dreaming about how she could return home, only to have her sense of logic crush such fantasies in the morning when the reality of her shitty situation returned. In an offhand voice she asked "How?"
"Simple. The scum Zep here" Gunner spat "happens to have substantial bounty on head, back in civilised space. We cannot claim it, nor can our usual agents, with media attention and scrutiny it would bring. Sadly after cycles dealing with corrupt harbour masters and bent customs officials, we don't have many honest friends left."
The Syndicate thug rounded on Beth, his eyes alight with passion "But YOU, you are a known quantity Belontalus. By bringing back such a boon to CS, you be made hero. Will not take long for authorities to decide you did not steal that money, instead that you set up. CS secret services know Zep's people work in such ways also, see? 
He moved up to her once more, pushing aside one of the goons that had restrained her so he could lay an arm companionably over her shoulders "So you go back, get name cleared. We get money and old enemy is dead. Central Systems take one more name off most wanted list. You see!" he exclaimed "Everybody happy. Except Zep. But Zep stupid and unattractive. So he no matter, ok?"
Beth couldn't think. She could go home. Sure this guy was probably lying and planned to screw her over at the first opportunity, but even a chance at freedom seemed amazing compared to the hopelessness she'd had up until now. 
Then another thought rose to the top of her heap. Her TED’s, what would become of them?
"What of those two" she asked, indicating Suspicious and Torch.
"Those things?" Gunner shrugged "Oh we space them, they no good to anybody now. Zep's dogs too, no bounty for lap dogs." 
She looked at Zep, the Pirate Lord's eyes arrogant and sure despite his recent beating. Ms Gazzle glared at her, as if daring her to betray them. Suspicious understood, as did Torch. They nodded to her, accepted her choice, no matter how it defined their fate. That hurt the most, the devotion and the calm acceptance.
"No" the words came from her. "I stand with them."
Then the cargo bots came alive. 
The Xelltusk was the first to die. A massive container lifter dormant behind him roared into life, its sensors lighting up red as its massive loading claws reached down and grappled the alien, crushing it like putty. 
The other Syndicate trooper brought their plasma rifles to bear, showering the massive robotic servitor in a barrage that burned through its metal chassis. But the container lifter was a robust model and managed to surge in amongst them, crushing another four before it finally succumbed to the withering hails of plasma.
While the container loader had stormed the Syndicate thugs, several small hovering shuttle repair bots had swooped down, their welding beams flashing in messy death. They were amongst the Syndicate brutes, carving through the white unmarked combat harnesses with ease while the smugglers tried to track their erratic movements. 
The three Syndicate soldiers guarding Suspicious and Torch had remained with their charges, shooting at the frenzied bots while one grappled with the struggling Torch. 
Suspicious kicked out, managing to roll sideways away from the thrashing pair, trying desperately to get clear. One of the guards swung his plasma rifle after the TED, trying to get a bead, just when Torch lit up. 
The bizarrely coloured TED smiled, his eyes closed intently just as his attackers hands gripped his throat. His skin blazed into life, erupting in a nova of light that filled the hanger and stole Beth's sight away for a few moments. When her vision returned the three Syndicate guards were gone, only a trio of ash piles remaining to mark where they'd been.
The flash hadn't only blinded Beth, but also managing to throw the remaining smugglers into confusion. A band of pirates had burst into the hanger bay from a side entrance and now clashed with the remaining smugglers. Whisper and Sneaky had also taken the moment of weakness to dive into the struggle, blades flashing as they found exposed necks, faces, wrists and ankles.
Beth's two guards had released their grip on her, drawn their sidearm's and were duelling with one of the shuttle repair bots that harassed them. Beth focused on the intimidating Gunner, who saw his force being quickly decimated. Making a snap decision the big smuggler had drawn a wicked looking combat blade and now advanced on the helpless Zep, his intent clear. 
Zep saw what was coming, knew he couldn't escape or fight so he settled for cursing the approaching man around his gag instead. 
Beth, her own hands bound yet her feet free, did the only thing she could. Lurching forward she drove her head into Gunners back, head butting the Syndicate leader with enough force to drive him to the ground. Her momentum carried her on top of him, the pair getting tangled as Beth tried to distract the killer.
Gunner managed to reach around, his knife hand seeking her. Beth stretched out to grab his wrist with her bound hands, trying to keep the knife away from her face. Gunners other hand came up to grip her throat, and squeeze. Beth's lungs screamed for air, she tried to strike at him with her elbow but he pushed it aside and squeezed harder. Beth vision began blanking out as the knife came closer to her face.
Then a second blade cut down from above, angled to enter at the neck, bypassing Gunner's combat harness. Blood foamed from the man's mouth, his eyes locked onto Beth as the steel sunk into his vitals.
"They twist you well then," he rasped weakly, "a pity." 
Then he was gone. The strength in his arms that had held Beth drained away until only their dead weight remained. Beth gasped for air, inhaling enough to hurt yet delirious in joy at the sensation. 
Sneaky pulled her out from under the dead smuggler, his fixed grin a sharp contrast to the concern in his eyes. Still coughing, Beth managed to give him a thumb's up in thanks. Around them Beth could see the battle was over, with no smugglers standing. The TED set about severing her bonds, while Whisper released Suspicious and the Pirates. Torch was already free, the secret power he'd unleashed earlier having burnt away his cuffs, along with most of his clothes. Now he assisted Whisper with a jacket tied around his waist, leaving Beth's questions about clone anatomy unanswered.
When she could stand Beth moved to release Zep, standing over the Pirate Lord who was still tied up at her feet. Crouching over him, hand on his side she smiled, saying "I could get used to this, you know. You all trussed up" as she pulled off his gag.
"Just untie me" he muttered, face reddening.
She laughed and obeyed, then helped the master villain to his feet. Zep went to the dead Gunner's side, satisfaction on his face as he rifled through the dead smugglers pockets.
"There may be more of them aboard" Beth cautioned him, wondering how secure they really were here in the exposed hanger.
"Affirmative mistress" warbled the single surviving shuttle maintenance bot, which hovered nearby "internal sensor net is online and under my control. There are still another several dozen hostiles located aboard."
"JD!" Beth screamed in delight, hugging the blood splattered hover bot. "You're alive!"
"Yes mistress" the IP program replied "I would have intervened sooner but the firmware of these older models were being stubborn."
"You said hostiles before" Zep asked, breaking into the reunion "Can you detect any other life signs?"
Beth recognised the concern in the pirate's voice for his crew. JD processed the query "Affirmative. Other than those I led to the hanger I can detect twenty unconscious life forms of the Hermes crew are located in one supply storeroom. The Hermes captain is still in a closet near the bridge. A single TED unit is asleep in sub-engineering bay 2 and another twenty pirate signals are hidden throughout the ship, in locations well away from current hostiles."
"Some, but not all,” Zep nodded sadly. “Thank you."
"What can we do?" Beth asked him "We're not in any shape to reach that jamming device."
Now it was Zeps turn to smile "We don't have too, I found this in Gunners pockets." He held out a remote control device, a similar model Beth had seen aboard his own ship.
He thumbed the control and instantly the com device in his ear blared to life. Zep pulled it out quickly, his face a grimace, until the signal steadied out and a babble of voices on the other end started asking questions. Beth and Zep smiled at each other, as Zep plugged it back into his ear and began relaying orders to his vessels. 
Soon the shuttle bay filled with the roar of thrusters as more boarding parties were dropped off, given orders and dispatched to the remaining smuggler locations provided by JD. Medics landed with the cutthroats, tending to the wounded brought in as well as Beth and her party. 
"The ship will be secure soon and we'll have your cargo transported to the Hatter" Zep informed Beth, who'd been sitting on a cargo crate while one of the pirate medics examined her throat. She nodded at him in thanks, relieved the pirate seemed much more at ease.
"I'm sorry it turned out this way" she said.
Zep waved it away "Not your fault. None of us could have predicted Gunners crew. We lost some good people, but they will be remembered. When we organise the wake I hope you'll attend.” He brightened “On the plus side this venture turned out more profitable than either of us imagined.”
At her puzzled look he said "We found the smugglers' cargo stash; it was an airtight transport as we suspected. Turns out they weren't here to ambush us, instead intent on infiltrating the fringe colony this tub was destined for. The Syndicate somehow got wind that the colony is built near Slagtil deposits, very illegal and valuable in CS space. Plus something about ancient ruins, which usually tend to contain artefacts you can sell. This was their pioneer group to take control of the colony before the CS authorities discovered its value for themselves."
"Seems we'll be visiting Naciroost 3 then" Beth breathed.
"Yes" Zep agreed "also the gear Gunner's men had stashed away is worth a small fortune, but nothing compared to this" he held up a MAP device, a more modern version of the one Beth had still clamped to her wrist "This was Gunners. He was higher up in their organization than I thought, as this has enough encrypted dirt on it that we can really take a stab at the bastards now, a nice bit of payback. Agent identities, stash locations and stronghold information."
He gripped Beth's hand in thanks "We owe this to you Beth; remember if you ever need Zep's Cutters for anything, you have us."
"I knew you'd choose us" he confided to her in a quieter voice, leaning in close "you may have come from Central System stock Beth, but there's something dark inside you, something that'll keep you alive longer than any other skill you possess. I look forward to seeing it flourish."
And with that he left her conflicted, striding across the busy hanger deck directing the search and destroy teams deeper in the ship. 
The pirate medic finished up, leaving Beth with a handful of meds to take. Suspicious wandered over, appraising her with a smile. 
"Well we made it boss" he stated.
"Yes, yes we did Suspicious" she agreed, pleased with the fact. "How are Moody and the others?"
"Alive and well enough" Suspicious admitted "Moody will take days to level out after this, so we'll have to lock him in the closet again, but he should be fine. We've made sure the pirates are bringing that alien captain you wanted along too."
Beth thanked him. In return he held out a small device for Beth, a complex data slug "Your computer friend ejected herself onto this, telling me to see you got it. She seemed a bit indignant that the pirates couldn't find another MAP device aboard aside from that Gunner fellow's, but they wouldn't give us that until they finished decrypting the secrets on it."
Beth chuckled, thinking her IP program deserved a little arrogance at this point "She liked the look of it did she? Well I'll see if Zep is willing to hand it over once his techs are finished with it."
They sat in silence for a while, a moment of calm amongst the rush of activity that filled the hanger. Quietly Suspicious said "I know the choice you made back there was hard, you could have gone home, had a real life again back in Central System Space."
"I don't think Gunner was the sort of man I could really trust Suspicious" Beth muttered.
"No" he admitted "Not in many things. But at heart a smuggler is a businessman, and I think you knew there was a good chance his offer was real. But you chose us instead, didn't you."
"The Debian Combine is.." Beth began.
"No" Suspicious stopped her "not them. I meant us, the TEDs. You chose us."
Beth looked at him, wondering once more how old this particular clone must be to be so perceptive. 
"Yes Suspicious" she agreed "I chose you."
He put a hand on her shoulder "Thank you Mistress."


The End

*******

Thank you for reading my book! If you enjoyed this then please help me write more by liking my facebook page, sharing it around or leaving a review (you might need to create an account for that, sorry for the annoyance!). For updates on future books please check my website at www.authorconorrobinson.com or find me on facebook at facebook.com/AuthorConorP.Robinson.
This book is dedicated to two of the more important women in my life who helped me throughout the writing and development of this book.
Thank you Asha Hart, the kindest of hearts, for being a continuous source of support, a solid sounding board for my varied ideas and a firm friend in all things. You possess more strength than you realise and are already someone I admire.
Thank you Astrid Engels, the soul soldier, for your ever present encouragement, assistance in post novel development and for helping inspire Beth’s character. I have no doubt you’ll continue to stride across the world changing every person you come across for the better.
Also a shout out to two lads who helped bring the book along immensely. Luke Ferring for the cover art for the book, you were a pleasure to work with sir and also Todd Barselow for your fantastic editing skills.
And finally a shout out to my folks who deserve a mention more than anyone, and will keep getting mentioned until I get something published and even manage to sneak in a few times afterwards. Patrick Robinson and Terry Watson, thank you for encouraging the imagination that entertains me everyday and being fantastic parents.
