Hep Z
By
Robot Commander Esquire

Published by Robot Commander Esquire on Smashwords

Copyright © 2014 Robot Commander Esquire

All Rights Reserved.  No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, without permission in writing from the copyright owner. 
This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to any actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


Smashwords Edition

****

Table of Contents
Outbreak
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Resistance
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Communion
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Epilogue

****

Chapter 1
Outbreak

Fine grass-like blades broke the soil surface.  A recent rain had caused a surge in their growth, and below ground the roots slowly became engorged with the available water and nutrients.  The large swath of plants was intensely green, almost to the point of looking artificial.  Sunlight broke through the early morning clouds and burned the light fog from the landscape.  Small beads of condensation clung to the fine leaves, growing in size until gravity overcame their tenacious grasp and flung them towards the ground.
Near mid-day, the plants had all visibly grown significantly larger, and small bulges were visible on the soil surface.  Flower buds pushed up towards the sun, filling rapidly once freed from their subterranean prison.  Opening in unison, their deep purple petals filled the air with a clean spring-like fragrance.  In the center of each flower was a large cluster of what appeared to be pollen that floated lightly on the breeze.  Small gusts of wind sent large puffs of the imperceptibly small particles adrift.
Later that night, a man walking somewhat clumsily down the sidewalk stopped for a moment.  I wonder what type of flowers those are, he thought to himself.  While he wasn't a botanist by any stretch of the imagination, he was familiar enough with the plants that grew in the area from his childhood. These looked different somehow, out of place.  Picking one up, he inhaled the scent, closing his eyes to fully experience the smell.  Nothing about the flower seemed familiar, or even like any other flower he had ever seen or smelled before either for that matter.  How strange, he thought, but enough stopping to smell the flowers, I gotta get my happy ass to bed for work tomorrow!

Chapter 2

James woke up with what felt like a bad hangover.  What the fuck, he thought, I only had a couple beers last night.  He laid in bed with his eyes closed, attempting to muster the motivation to get up and head for the shower.  The day was off to a rough start and he was already coming up with a plan to catch the later bus to work.  Taking the second bus meant there was a much greater chance of being late, but James knew his last infraction had been wiped from his file two weeks prior.  He considered calling in sick for a moment, but there weren't any big football games or NASCAR races to catch that day, so he decided to tough it out instead.  After all, there wasn't any point in wasting a perfectly good sick day just for being sick.
The hot water ran down James' face, dripping from his nose towards the drain below.  Before long, the bathroom was full of condensation from the shower.  Shit, forgot the fan again; he cursed himself under his breath as he thought about how badly the wallpaper was peeling from the walls above.  Seriously though, who puts wallpaper in a bathroom? he thought.  Most of the sickness he felt earlier was eased after the shower.  He dried off, started a pot of coffee in the kitchen and threw on his work uniform.  James rinsed out his giant thermos and just as he finished drying it out with a dish towel the coffee maker began sputtering, noisily indicating all the water had emptied from the reservoir.  He filled the thermos, some 8 cups of coffee or so, added half a cup of sugar and a few ounces of half&half, then headed out the door to catch his bus.
While he was standing at his stop, he overheard a pair of women in the shelter discussing some sort of outbreak which had caused such an influx of patients that an entire wing of the hospital had been set aside to monitor them. 
“They said that all the patients who came in were confused and had practically no balance at all.  They had to wheel several of them in with wheelchairs.  On top of that they were all super gross looking, like bright yellow-orange carrots or something!”  one woman said to the other.
“It's probably some new flu or something.  Squirrel flu, dog flu, just pick an animal and call it that.”  the other replied, dismissing the issue as unimportant.
“Well they still don't know what it is, and it looks like whatever is happening could be really serious.”  the concerned woman said.
James had always been a skeptic when it came to stories like this.  He couldn't remember how many horrible flu epidemics he had heard the news warn about, and he couldn't help but side with the cynical woman regarding this story.  It's probably nothing to worry about, he thought to himself as the bus pulled up to the stop.  James stepped on and headed to his regular seat.  Opening his thermos to take a drink, the bus filled with the smell of his freshly brewed coffee.  He closed his eyes, inhaled the steam coming from his thermos deeply, and took a drink.  He savored the  rich sweetness.  Thank God for coffee, he thought to himself.
James pulled the cable as the bus neared his stop.  As he stepped off the bus the air brakes hissed.  The hybrid bus' electric motors whirred as the bus began moving, giving way to the more throaty sound of the diesel engine's exhaust.  James made his way to the security gate and nodded to the watchman as he swiped his RFID card, freeing the revolving turnstile to spin.  The fence surrounding the facility was ten feet tall, and rolls of razor wire looped atop the perimeter discouraging anyone from attempting to gain access.  Overall the site was very secure. Most of the guards had spent time overseas in Iraq or Afghanistan.  They all carried high powered rifles slung over their shoulders with handguns holstered on their belts.  Each of them had ample training and experience in their use.
The building where James worked was fortified like a bunker; most of the structure had been built below ground level.  He had heard coworkers talking about it before, although he couldn't confirm their claims, that the ceiling was three feet of solid concrete reinforced with high grade steel.  The lack of any windows in the structure did lend some credibility to their claims.  The building itself was an old experimental testing facility for nuclear reactor design.  Although it was no longer in operation, it had been converted  into a high-level nuclear waste storage facility through creative licensing and permitting.  James wasn't particularly qualified to work  with waste materials like that, however he had received the mandatory day of emergency training, so he wasn't worried.  Even the most secure facilities in the world need custodians, after all.
“You're fucking late again?!”  Mr. Ganges exclaimed irately as James took his time card out of the holder to clock in. 
“Sorry, Mr. Ganges, I wasn't feeling so well this morning and missed the early bus.”  James replied, knowing full well from his tone that a write-up was bound to follow.
“Sick, huh?  You should be glad you're not one of those poor sons-of-bitches down at the hospital.  Five people died this morning from some mystery illness, they don't have any idea what in the fuck is going on.  They think its some weird type of hepatitis virus, probably from some dumb fuck having sex with a monkey in some ass backwards part of the world.”  Mr. Ganges said.  Briefly, a distinctive facial tick fired across his face, which James knew meant he was unusually stressed.  “God damn it James, enough talking, now get to work!”
“Yes Mr. Ganges.”  James said, trying his best to not rock the boat.
Mr. Ganges was a little high strung, possibly as a result from the stress of working at a high-level nuclear waste storage facility.  James knew better than to point out he had not been late in over 6 months; he'd been written up for insubordination before from debating with Mr. Ganges.  Pick your battles, he thought to himself, although there weren't any battles in which Mr. Ganges would admit defeat.  That made picking them easy, you never battled with Mr. Ganges.  His stubbornness was legendary.  Case in point, nobody at the facility knew his first name.  He was intransigent that people refer to him formally.  It was rumored that he had at least two MS degrees, and as such several of James' coworkers referred to him as “Master Ganges.”  They would never say this to his face, of course.  James tried to let his frustration go and focused on getting ready to work.
Part of James' responsibilities was to make sure all the necessary materials remained stocked: disposable earplugs,  paper towels in the above-sink dispensers, and perishable goods like radiation badges.  Although the coffee had helped get him going earlier that morning, as he went through his routine James began feeling more and more nauseous.  His breath smelled awful, and he was perspiring heavily beneath his uniform.  Just tough it out, you'll be fine, he told himself reassuringly.  This wouldn't be the first hangover he had pushed through and he was certain it wouldn't be his last either.
First break came two-and-a-half hours later, and by that time James was feeling even worse.  He bought a Coke from the vending machine in the break room to help settle his stomach and took a seat on one of the more comfortable couches.  Strangely, the smell of the purple flowers from the previous evening seemed to be all around him.  James decided it best to keep this to himself, as smelling phantom flowers would likely raise some flags regarding the state of his mental health.  Resting his head back against the wall behind the couch, he closed his eyes for a moment in an attempt to collect whatever strength he had to make the push through till his lunch break.  Even now he was still perspiring, in spite of how cool the thermostat was set in the break room.  James focused on his breathing, deep slow breaths, in an attempt to calm his nerves.  
“What in the fucking fuck, James!  Are you asleep?”  Mr. Ganges screeched.
Startled awake, James jumped up from the couch.  “No, I... uh... I guess I must have... fallen aslee...”  suddenly his complexion went several shades paler and he projectile vomited the now warm Coke, covering Mr. Ganges from head to toe.
“Oh mother of god, I swear if I can fire your ass for this I will!”  Mr. Ganges screamed hysterically, running for one of the emergency showers to wash off the disgusting mix of partially digested coffee and warm Coke.
Adam, one of the technicians who monitored radiation levels in the waste storage area, walked into the break room just after Mr. Ganges had left and found James slumped over in an odd position on the floor.  He stepped out into the hallway and saw Mr. Ganges under the emergency shower, and figured he must have been hit by some of the vomit that was slowly spreading out across the floor.  Shit, the janitor threw up and passed out, now who's going to clean this mess up.  
From down the hall, Adam heard Mr. Ganges yell “Adam, go get the mop bucket and clean that mess up.  Fucking shit, I can't believe he threw up on me.”
“Are you sure he's OK?  I think we should check on him first Mr. Ganges, it looks like he's unconscious.”
As Adam attempted to pick up James,  James' head lolled back.  Adam couldn't help but notice that his face had taken on a yellow color, and he instantly thought of the news story that had been making heavy rounds that morning.  Five people were dead, and, according to the doctors, the number was likely to grow.  Close to three-hundred had been admitted to the hospital.  Adam dropped James back into the unnatural heap and  jumped away from him.
“Holy shit Mr. Ganges, he's turning yellow, just like the patients at the hospital!”  Adam shouted down the hall.
“God damn it, I'll call the hospital to see what we should do with him.  FUCK!”  Mr. Ganges exclaimed.
The facility was a flurry of activity for the rest of the morning.  Officials placed a quarantine on the wing of the hospital in response to the deaths that morning, and now they were trying to navigate the bureaucratic nightmare of responding to a quarantine request for a nuclear waste storage facility.  Soon, James was on his way to the hospital, still unconscious and sweating profusely.  Even though James was in a sealed containment bag,  the EMTs still wore face masks, and the ambulance drove slow to make sure they got to the hospital without incident.  The patient was stable, so there wasn't any reason to risk further release of whatever was making people sick.  As he filled out the report, Mr. Ganges failed to mention that James had vomited on him, and his testimony was that James worked primarily by himself far removed from anyone else.  Considering the minimal staff the facility employed, it was believable.  Mr. Ganges was informed to monitor any employees closely who were at work that day with James, and also outlined a cleaning protocol that would minimize risk of transmission to other employees.

Chapter 3

James woke up in a hospital bed feeling disoriented and lost, yet remarkably calm for some reason.  He couldn't remember his name, nor could he remember how to speak.  His mind was a clean slate, and his movements were clumsy and uncoordinated.  With some effort he managed to get up from his bed, his hospital gown sticking to his body and crusted with dry urine and feces.  Shuffling slowly, he wandered out of his room.  Smacking his lips, he tried to figure out what was wrong with his tongue.  It felt dry, and as if it didn't belong in his mouth.  There was virtually no sensation left in it.  As he passed a water fountain, his arm pressed against the bar sending a small stream of water out of the spigot.  The sound of the water drew his attention immediately, and he bent over to drink from it.  Unfortunately, as soon as he bent over, he released the bar and the flow of water ceased.  Puzzled, he stood up again, arms flailing as if they had a will of their own.  Once more his hand brushed the bar and the water spigot sent out an arc of cool refreshing water.  
This time James saw what activated the spigot, and he bent over while still holding the bar.  Most of the water splashed off his face, however after several minutes he had his fill.  He began wandering the hallway again finding a waiting room with several large comfortable couches and loveseats.  He laid down on one of the couches and was soon back asleep again.  As he slept, his mind flashed chaotically with old memories, now entirely removed from any context and seemingly foreign.  Some of the images in his dreams seemed very profound, and when he awoke some hours later they lingered in his thoughts.  Getting up from the couch, James' movements were noticeably more coordinated now.  It was as if the drink of water had nursed him partially back to health.
“Ja...mes...” he said hoarsely as he walked back down the hall.
He made his way back to the room he had first woken up in and looked out the window.  It was early morning, and the sun had not yet risen over the horizon.  Several other people were shuffling in the street below, some in hospital gowns, others in regular clothes now ragged and soiled.  A large column of dark smoke rose in the distance, and occasionally gunfire rang out through the early morning air.
James wasn't sure where he was still, although he had a vague recollection of being ill.  He shuffled clumsily through the cluttered hallway looking for a way out of the building.  As James wandered the halls, he came across a woman wearing scrubs who was likewise shuffling from one room to the next checking on beds no longer occupied by patients.  As their eyes met, there was a glimmer of recognition between the two of them, however she quickly turned away from James still focused on her imagined tasks.  A bright red EXIT sign caught his attention, and a spark of recognition stirred in his mind.  He made his way toward the sign and stood motionless beneath it for a moment, trying to remember what came next.  The door in front of him had the same letters on it, so he pushed it open.
The stairwell was lit only by emergency lights, as power had been cut to some parts of the hospital.  James stood for a moment and considered his options.  One set of stairs to his left went up, while the stairs in front of him went down.  For some reason down seemed like the correct choice, and he stepped towards the stairs.  James' foot slid off the edge of the first step, and he fell headfirst down the stairwell, smacking his head against the wall at the bottom hard enough to knock him unconscious.  He lay in the stairwell for nearly an hour before waking up again, dried blood clinging to his face in big flecks.
“Uhhhhhhhhh....”  he moaned, startled by how the sound reverberated off the stairwell walls.
Getting back on his feet, he took hold of the railing and renewed his efforts to find a way out of the hospital.  James made his way to the bottom of the staircase one step at a time.  The bottom of the staircase was two floors below street level, unfortunately, and before long he was terribly lost in the bowels of the hospital.  Several of the emergency lights were red, creating a foreboding atmosphere that made James uneasy.  It felt as though the walls were closing in around him and he was suffocating.  Frantically he began to search for a way out, his steps and gait becoming smoother as he focused.  Finally he found the exit, and with his heart still pounding from the adrenaline, he ran up the stairs two steps at a time.
The sun had finally risen far enough above the horizon to brighten the sky.  Reds and oranges of the sunrise contrasted against the new spring leaves of the trees in the hospital courtyard.  The bright sky and green leaves were a welcome sight to James, and bursting out into the fresh morning air he took deep cleansing breaths.  His heart rate slowed, the panic subsided.
“My.. n..ame.. is..James..my name..is.. James” he said, as more of his memories returned to him.  A gentle breeze blew a page from a newspaper into the courtyard.  The headline read “Over 500 more Hep Z patients quarantined.”
A woman wearing a lab coat was sitting on a bench in the courtyard.  She appeared to have had an accident similar to James', and her mouth was covered in dried blood that had ran from her now swollen nose.  James slowly walked towards her, offering a hand to help her up from where she was seated.  The woman looked up at James, and again as their eyes met there was a nonverbal exchange. Together, James and the woman left the courtyard.  As they wandered the streets, several other recovering infected joined their group.  Following the sunrise towards the east the shuffling zombie-like group increased in numbers as they searched for a way out of the city.

Chapter 4

“We need to go back to find others, James.”  Holly said.  “The looting has gotten worse, and you know it takes days for people to even partially come back to normal.”
“We lost people on our last run Holly.  You were there, you saw them get run down in the street like dogs.”  James said.  “Going back for others puts us at risk too, so anyone who goes back to the city needs to know the risk.”
“They do, they know James.  If you want to stay back, I'll lead the party.  Each time we've gone back we have found twenty to thirty survivors.  There's still too many people stuck in the city, we have to do something about it.”
“I'm not disagreeing with you... It's just that.. my dreams have gotten worse lately.  Too many things, too many dark things...”  James said, trailing off as he looked at the skyline.  “The sunrise today reminds me of that first morning out of the hospital.”
As James and Holly had made their way out of town from the hospital, they had come upon a large group of what they called “shufflers.”  James had called out to them, four men, two women and three young children.  As they began to walk towards them, a large SUV ran over two of the men and women, sending their bodies flying like rag dolls.  The vehicle crashed into a gas station at the end of the street and burst into flames.  Moments later the driver exited the vehicle, completely engulfed in flames himself and shrieking in agony.  To this day, nearly three weeks later, James had dreamed about the scene every night.  How many scenes had unfolded like that one, how many people had been gunned down out of fear and panic?  The children were what bothered James the most, bearing witness to such atrocities.  From this point on, they would never have anything that even remotely resembled a normal childhood.  
“Get your packs together, first aid equipment, bottled water.  Let's make sure we're prepared this time.”  James said, checking the clip on his small 9mm pistol he had found on the last trip into the city.
“You're taking a gun James?”  Holly asked, sounding disappointed.
“Let's just hope we don't need it.  I won't shoot to kill, but I won't lose anyone else if I can prevent it.”  James said.

Chapter 5

Before long the small community had swelled to over three-hundred individuals.  Several leaders had risen from the group, such as James and Holly, and they had collectively developed a strategy for tending to the needs of their ever expanding community.  The logistics of having so many people in a relatively small area began to create its own set of issues.  Dealing with the wastes, for example, was more and more problematic without the comfort of modern plumbing.  While things had been bleak for those first few weeks, something altogether new began to grow out of the ashes of society.
People who had never met often knew one another's names.  It wasn't spoken or signaled, but rather felt instead.  The younger children, after recovering from what seemed like a milder version of the infection, developed these abilities faster than the adults.  Several seemed to be gifted, especially young girls, in communicating through thoughts alone.  It reminded James of two of his cousins, identical twins, who were so attuned to one another that they could finish each other's sentences.  
For the most part, everyone got along significantly better post-infection.  It seemed as though one of the side-effects was a heightened sense of empathy for others.  Many in the community kept themselves busy by tending to the gardens or preparing communal meals.  After being infected, preserved foods had a shockingly metallic flavor to them, and the vast majority of food in grocery stores or gas stations was rendered worthless.  Everything in the old towns and cities felt wrong.  Town designs felt claustrophobic and artificial.  Houses were too large and impractical to maintain.  
Old tech, things like cars and computers, the miscellaneous items that had made up their past lives, were collected and re-purposed for the community's needs.  While the overall appearance of each small settlement might have looked quaint or rustic, buried deep in the heart of each group was a strong push for developing new technologies.
 When people had recovered and became more attuned to their new senses, living in dense populations was unbearable.  As a result the average community was composed of thirty to at most eighty individuals. Each shared in the chores, and while everyone was responsible for understanding the complete workings of their community, they still retained personal interests which they were able to pursue at their leisure.  
James felt his calling at building communities.  He had been one of the first infected to fully recover and had earned the respect of those who he had led out of the city.  The scars of “progress” began to diminish over time as old wreckage and buildings of abandoned towns and cities were scavenged.  Each community that sprang up, with their own leadership structure, sought to integrate more fully into the landscape.  As time went on their pragmatic approach reached new heights of design and comforts, bringing nature back to health much as they also healed the social wounds that the old culture had created.

Chapter 6

James walked the perimeter of the community, marveling at how well developed and integrated their systems had become.  A large pond stored ample water for their needs.  Orange, black, and white fish swam lazily in the water, eating insects that were careless enough to touch its surface.  Fish wastes and irrigation water were supplied to large grass-like plants nearby.  
While the leaves resembled corn, the above ground harvest was more like a soybean.  They reminded James of edamame.  Long thick pods contained hundreds of the beans, and they were easily harvested green or allowed to dry on the plant for storage.  Below ground, thick edible potato-like tubers developed.  Chimeric plants, they had been designed as an early experiment in biological modification that also utilized elements of the infectious agent.  The results were phenomenal, each of these plants could feed a single person for several days, and they met their caloric and nutritional needs nearly perfectly.  Regardless of where they were grown, the acclimated to the weather conditions over time, and could be induced to mature whenever desired so long as the plant was large enough.
Most communities also built large hangars, a communal industrial building that allowed the creation of any and all tools needed.  Power was mostly solar and wind generated, the excess electricity generated when it was bright or windy was stored in large chemical batteries that used special compounds extracted from plants to store the surplus..  When materials were insufficient it was a relatively easy matter of collecting objects from old cities and putting them into a harvester.  Once inside the harvester, the material appeared to dissolve, quickly reducing to a gray paste like substance.  This paste could then be molded into an approximate shape of the tool or part required.  Upon activation of a three-dimensional grid projector, the molded shape would vibrate slightly, aligning with a great deal of precision into the programmed dimensions.
Developments and breakthroughs in one community were quickly shared with others.  New ideas and processes would literally circumnavigate the globe in a day's time.  This was truly the dawn of a unified and global community.  While it seemed peaceful and serene now, James still had dreams from those first few weeks after waking up at the hospital.  He picked up a small stone, tossing it into the pond and watched the ripples spread across the once still surface.
“Troubled?”  Holly asked as she walked up behind James.
“Too many bad dreams.  I've been growing anxious lately, something isn't right.”  James replied.
“What does your heart tell you?”  Holly asked tenderly taking James' hand in her own.
“I can't hear it right now.  My thoughts are too troubled, disjointed.  I think I may need to leave soon.”  he replied.
“We've known for some time now that you would have to go.  Things are settled here, we're safe and everything is provided for.  Do you know where you will go?”  she asked.
“Not really.  Although the Sisters have requested a conference with several community leaders, so that might be a good place to start.”  James said.
“A good place indeed!”  Holly replied.

Chapter 7

Nearly two-hundred kilometers off the coast of Brazil, a strange vessel broke the surface of the water, followed by two identical craft nearby. They were composed of a dull blue material that was almost invisible when seen from above the water's surface.  A circular port nearly one meter in diameter opened facing towards the sky.  The vessels resisted the current, and a faint hum was audible above the sounds of the ocean and wind.  Suddenly, in deafening blast, a large projectile exited the port going well over twice the speed of sound.  Each of the other vessels also shot off a large supersonic projectile.  The missile engines fired once clear of the chamber, burning compressed air from the atmosphere mixed with fuel reserves in their engines.
Three intensely bright spots rose into the sky, arcing gently towards the east as they climbed in altitude.  Climbing through the troposphere, and then through the thinner air of the stratosphere, each missile shed their bottom stage revealing secondary engines.  Each of these fired in unison, emitting a pale blue flame that propelled the missiles onward.
Back in the ocean launch site, the three craft each closed the skyward ports.  Their lengths were immense, extending nearly three kilometers into the ocean below.  Seemingly rigid, small streams of bubbles exited along the length of the vessel.  The first vessel to break the surface began to undulate like an eel, followed by its neighbors.  They descended in formation towards the ocean floor at the edge of the continental shelf, descending rapidly into the dark cold depths.
Nearly four-hundred kilometers above the Earth, the three missiles assumed a triangular formation as they approached a large snowflake shaped object.  The object was pale ivory in color, and much larger than the missiles in relative size.  One after another, each of the three missiles docked with the large object.  Once docked, the large snowflake object seemed to absorb them into itself.  Several minutes later the object deployed a magnetic sail, breaking Earth orbit on a course that would take it to Jupiter, never to return to Earth again. 

Chapter 8
Resistance

Jerry Hammond checked the bank of batteries charging against the back wall.  Of the two dozen he had started with, only five were still usable.  The rest had all faulted and were beyond his ability to repair.  He closed his eyes, attempting to suppress the anxiety that had been building for months.  Glancing over, he took a quick visual inventory on his food stocks.  Canned meat, canned vegetables, salt, salt, and more salt.  Fortunately, the compound water purification equipment was all still operational and used common filter types.  Jerry had always been something of a hoarder, and by his estimates he had enough filters left to keep the system running for another thirty years, give or take.  
Jerry no longer counted the individual days.  The change of the seasons was enough, tracking each individual day seemed more monotonous than he could bear.  Not to mention, each passing day made his food stocks seem that much more questionable and left him wondering how much longer his medication would keep working.  Food poisoning was a very serious concern; on more than one occasion Jerry had eaten some canned meat that had been opened for too long.  The most recent incident had left him debilitated, curled up in a ball within the shielded cage he slept in.  For three days, Jerry felt such intense pain and agony that he'd often find himself wishing to simply succumb to the illness.  No more struggling, no more fear, just the welcomed comfort of nothingness.
His strength somewhat regained, Jerry knew the only way he would be able to eat meat would be to make a fresh kill.  It was the right time of the year to find deer in the forest surrounding the compound, but hunting was risky.  The hydroelectric generator that powered the compound also ran the RF interference equipment that kept Jerry safe from infection.  To venture more than a few hundred feet from the compound without risking exposure would require the portable jammer unit that Jerry had rigged up.  It drew a lot of power though, and five batteries would only last for a few hours total.  Fortunately for Jerry, the forest was full of deer.  More often than not, especially during this season, he was able to score a kill.
The RF scanner was noisy as Jerry went to his hunting perch.  It seemed that the infection was not limited to people anymore, plants and insects were now sources, too.  The world was slowly closing in around Jerry, but he still had a few tricks up his sleeve.  Large deer tracks, some still quite fresh, were visible on the trail.  Fresh tracks meant a kill was more likely.  Jerry climbed the rope ladder to his perch as quietly as he could.  He checked his bow and inspected the arrows in his quiver.  Sometimes there was only a single clean shot, and there was no room for error if he wanted to eat fresh meat that night.  Jerry positioned the camouflage around his perch, notched an arrow,  and checked the battery on his jammer one last time.  As he sat waiting in his perch, his mind began to drift.

Chapter 9

“Hey Jerry, can you check out the wireless router when you get a chance?  The campers have been having some connectivity issues.”  Davis said.
“Sure thing Davis, just let me wrap this last bit of work up and I'll get right to it.”  Jerry replied, as he finished working on a small ham radio transceiver.
Jerry was the tech support for a remote camp ground that was designed for two seemingly contradictory purposes.  Located in a remote forested area in the Pacific Northwest, the campground helped guests experience a type of technological isolation that was difficult to find in this day and age.  However contradictory as it might seem, the frequent requests of the campers for internet connectivity could not be dismissed.  The customer is always right, Davis would often say with a smirk.  Jerry never argued with Davis, he was as close to a father figure as Jerry had anymore.  Jerry loved working on computers and radio equipment, and his job on the compound afforded him all the time to do so that he could possibly ask for.  Nothing made him feel more content than to tinker around with electronics, and he felt far more comfortable around things than he did with people.
The group of campers currently staying at the main site were friendly enough, and making a few final adjustments on his equipment Jerry was soon attempting to uncover the root of the problem.  Located just under a mile away from the main compound, the campground was nested in a lush temperate rainforest that teemed with life.  Moss grew thickly over fallen trees, rocks, and anything else on the ground.  Douglas firs towered above, and the air was almost always heavy with the smell of rain and cedar wood.  
Jerry pulled up to the campsite on his 4-wheeler and dismounted near the main power outlets.  He still remembered how big of a pain in the ass it had been to trench that line all the way to the campsite, but running a power and Ethernet cable had quickly quadrupled business at their site.
Several of the groups would rent the entire grounds, regardless of whether or not they needed all of the space, staying for weeks in some cases.  The compound nearby had amenities to complement the campground.  Clean showers, water from an elaborate water purification system that Jerry had designed himself, a well-equipped kitchen prep area as well as a room for butchering and smoking fresh meats.  It was not uncommon during peak hunting season to have regulars that were out in search of the biggest buck.  Jerry had been living and working on the compound since he was nineteen years old, and in the ten years he had been working for Davis he had become very familiar with the facilities on the compound.  In fact, he had designed well over half of the campground and compound improvements himself when Davis had asked for his help modernizing the facilities.
Jerry opened the fiberglass housing that protected the wireless router from the elements.  All of the indicator lights looked fine, and the modem was running without any issues as well.  Taking his phone from his jacket pocket, he opened an app that would check for latency and upload/download speed.  The ping values were all over the map, and as the test packets began downloading the needle jumped chaotically across a wide range of values.  Hmm, looks like this problem might be further upstream than our modem here, Jerry thought to himself.
“Hey Jerry, think you can get the internet fixed?  There's a bunch of weird stories making the rounds about some sort of zombie outbreak on the East Coast.  Crazy stuff!”  Kristen said.
“I'm looking into it, we can try restarting the router and the modem but, who knows, the tubes might be clogged or something.”  Jerry said, jokingly.
“Thanks, Jerry!”  Kristen said, jumping on Jerry and giving him a big hug.
“Oh... hey now, it's just my job..”  Jerry said, blushing bright red.  Kristen was a very pretty girl, easily ten years his junior.
Jerry went to work, powering the router and modem down.  He plugged the modem back in, waiting for the flashing indicator lights to signal that connectivity had been restored.  Then he plugged the router back in, waiting for the indicator lights to show it was ready.  Once he was able to reconnect to the router, he checked the connection with his phone's app again.  Internet latency was still all over the board, and when the test file began downloading the needle bounced all over gauge the same as the first time.
“The problem doesn't seem to be the router, this is strange...”  Jerry muttered to himself.
“Well, it's slow but we'll make do with what we can get for now.  Thanks for checking, Jerry!”  Kristen said.
The half dozen campers were huddled around the remains of the morning fire, watching video clips of patients recovering from the mystery illness.  This group was from New York somewhere, Davis had mentioned that it was a secular group of so called “free thinkers.”  Jerry wasn't particularly religious himself, in fact he often felt out of place when religious groups were staying on the site, but he did believe there was a greater meaning behind life.  The brief snippets of conversation he overhead informed him that initial reports suggested that it was a new form of hepatitis, as liver function was severely impaired and there seemed to be substantial brain damage as a result. 
“Oh my God, this is hilarious.  The newspapers are calling it Hep Z.  How fucking corny is that?”  Derrick said.  
Derrick and Kristen were a couple, and Jerry couldn't stand the awful things he would say openly in front of her.  Kristen was such a sweet young girl that Jerry felt she deserved better than such a vulgar and offensive lout.
“They're just trying to scare people Derrick, you know how the media works.”  Kristen replied.
“Yeah, well this is spreading all across the eastern seaboard.  There's a good chance shit's going to be all fucked up when we head home.  We might wind up being here longer than we planned.”  Derrick said.
“I'm going to go check the server and connection at the main compound guys.  Sit tight for now and just call up if you need anything else.”  Jerry informed the campers.
“Thanks, sweetie!”  Kristen told Jerry, making him blush again.
Jerry secured the housing for the modem and router, and got back on his 4-wheeler to head back to the main compound.  After checking the server, which he had built himself, connectivity was still highly sporadic.  Nothing more I can do from my end, he thought, and decided to look into some of the stories the campers had been discussing.  A quick Google search yielded dozens of videos.  Clips of people getting sick, several involving projectile vomiting, and others of the semi-recovered patients stumbling down hospital hallways with vacant expressions on their faces.  Several patients had died in North Carolina, where the outbreak was first identified.  People were beginning to panic, and reports of accidents on interstates leaving major cities flooded his search results.  This is no good, Jerry thought, no good at all.

Chapter 10

The sound of a branch snapping, and footsteps, brought Jerry back to the present.  He couldn't afford to lose focus out here in the woods.  It could cost him a meal or, even worse, get him infected.  Jerry scanned the forest below, looking for the source of the noise.  He hadn't seen any stumblers in almost two years now... or was it three.  Time spent in isolation had a way of both speeding by and grinding to a standstill; it made Jerry's head hurt to think too much about it.  Jerry closed his eyes tightly to block out the pain shooting through his head, squeezing his eyelids so tightly together that he saw stars.  Footsteps again, this time much closer to Jerry's perch.  His attention snapped back. Looking down, he saw a large buck and several other small deer passing by on the trail.  As Jerry drew his bow, sharp pain ran through his right forearm. He focused through the discomfort and took aim at the large buck before letting the arrow fly.  
The three-bladed arrow made terrible purchase in the large buck's neck.  Blood gushed out of the wound almost before the animal had a chance to react.  Rearing back, startled and in pain, the buck started to run off.  However, the arrow had made a fatal wound, and the buck fell dead no more than one-hundred yards from where he had been struck.  The other deer scattered, leaving the buck behind.  Jerry checked the battery on his jammer again, startled to find that it was below ten percent.  Panicked, he took out one of the other batteries he had brought, and, as quickly as he could, switched one for the other.  The indicator showed ninety-five percent on the new battery, and taking a moment to slow his racing heart, Jerry secured his gear and climbed down from his perch.  The buck lay motionless, having lost a significant amount of blood from the wound.  Jerry removed the arrow from its neck and assessed his kill.  It looked larger up close than he had expected.  Too large, he thought.
Jerry surveyed the area for anything he could use to construct a makeshift sled.  There were no branches of the right dimensions, so instead he decided to field dress the buck.  Taking out his dressing knife, he made a long incision across the bucks abdomen from its anus to its breastplate.  Careful, he thought, removing the stomach and intestines.  Everything came out clean, relatively speaking, and Jerry applauded his skill as he assessed his prize.  This would be enough meat to last him months.  No more canned ham for dinner!  Invigorated by the thought of a fresh steak, Jerry began dragging the buck back to the butchering room.  The last round of food poisoning had left him in a somewhat weakened state, and the buck easily weighed a hundred pounds more than Jerry.  After a great deal of effort, and another battery change on his jammer, Jerry finally made it to his butchering room with the buck's carcass.
The rest of the day was taken up by butchering the buck, and Jerry continued working a bit into the night.  He saved some of the steaks in a refrigerator and he set aside several more in the freezer.  Jerry knew the fridge was a gamble; if the power went out or the compressor went bad, all that food could go to waste.  As a precaution, Jerry decided to salt or smoke the rest.  The more strategies he could employ that were independent from one another, the better he knew his odds were.  It was a method he had learned during treatment for his mental illness that he still used to this day.  Later into the night, when Jerry had finished butchering the buck, he rewarded himself for his hard work with a fresh steak for dinner.  Meat and potatoes, his favorite, although most of the seasonings he preferred had long since gone stale with age.  The black pepper was still good though, the whole peppercorns seemed to last longer than dried herbs.  
Jerry finished his dinner and went to the bathroom for a hot shower.  Even years later, his water purification system was still working great.  He was thankful for the amenities every time he used them.  The thought of going through the monotony of his life without a hot shower or bath was more than he could bear.  Jerry opened the medicine cabinet, its mirror fogged with condensation from the hot shower's steam, and took out the box of his meds.  He held a sleeve of pills encased in foil and punched one out, downing the pill with a glass of water sitting by the sink.  Jerry turned the package over, reading the label information that he knew so well.  On the lower right hand corner of the package, the expiration date was printed in bold: Expires March 17, 2015.  
It was at least three years past that date, and Jerry was becoming increasingly concerned that the meds would stop working.  Had the colors of the world been diminishing?  Was the gray encroaching again?  Jerry knew his thoughts were becoming more fragmented.  He felt the panic again more often that reminded him of his last mental break.  Jerry closed his eyes, attempted to focus his mind once more, and put the package back in the medicine cabinet.  Closing the door, he saw his face reflected in the mirror.  Smiling.  His face was smiling at him!  No, worse: it was smirking.  
“FUCKING MONSTER” he screamed at the reflection, slamming his fist into the mirror.  
The glass of the mirror fragmented, forming a spider web pattern.  Shocked at his outburst, Jerry looked down at his right hand, his fingers now a bloody mess.  The pain had snapped him back into the moment.  Taking a bottle of rubbing alcohol and some gauze, he cleaned the bits of glass from his cuts and wrapped the wound.  Jerry took the stairs to the room where he slept, exhausted from the day's exertion and still weakened from the last bout of food poisoning, and looked at the “nest” where he slept.  The design was based on a Faraday cage to help block out the stronger radio jamming signals in the compound.  The room itself was shielded too, but Jerry slept better when he could physically feel the cage around himself.  He affectionately referred to it as his nest, as the imagery of a cage seemed too disturbing.  Jerry's entire world was shrinking.  Each passing month another piece of equipment broke that could not be replaced.  The signal from the woods, the animals, insects, and plants, seemed to grow stronger.  His entire life was spiraling inward, shrinking, and he feared the day when his nest would be the last refuge.  It felt unbearable, inevitable.

Chapter 11

Things escalated rapidly from that first day.  Reports started coming in from other metro areas on the East Coast, cases in Chicago and St. Louis.  A few reports in Boulder, London, Tokyo.  Somehow this thing had spread around the globe almost overnight.  Experts on epidemiology said that it must have a long dormancy period to have spread so far before detection, yet the new cases contradicted that notion.  People got sick almost immediately after exposure.  Twenty-four hours, maybe thirty if you were lucky, from the sounds of things.  Everything unfolded so fast it made Jerry's head spin.  It seemed impossible, it confounded the experts and was able to get past even the most stringent safety protocols.  
Four days.  Four fucking days and everything went dark.  Whatever had been causing the internet problems had finally brought the whole thing down.  After discussing their options, the campers decided to stay at the compound and wait things out.  Based on how bad things sounded from the reports they had read before the blackout there simply wasn't anywhere else they felt safe going.  Fortunately for the campers, Jerry maintained a large array of radio equipment.  When most of the kids his own age had been learning how to ride bikes and hit a baseball, Jerry instead was learning about ham radio with the help of his father.  After the internet went down, Jerry began spending more and more time on his radio, hoping to find any word on what was happening in the world outside.
The panic and chaos had also found its way onto the emergency broadcast frequencies.  It reached its peak during the first week of outbreak, and then in a matter of days things fell almost entirely silent.  Jerry continued scanning the frequencies though, it helped calm his nerves to have something to focus on.  Often, he would stay up late into the night scanning the short-wave range in hopes of finding someone further away.  
The transceiver crackled to life for a brief moment, “...will repeat... To anyone still out there listening... it was me... only way to stop the nanobots is RF interference... they will bypass any other mechanisms... Scan WIFI frequencies for embedded analog signal... one to one-thousand hertz range... requires... ctive cancellatio...”
“Say again...”  Jerry called, but the signal had been lost.
Jerry had heard enough to know what needed to be done.  He ran to his storage room and gathered up all of his wireless routers and a pair of laptop computers.  Each router had slightly different versions of firmware that Jerry had installed so he could configure them however he wanted.  Stock settings were unacceptable to Jerry, and now all his skills were paying off in a big way.  Jerry spent the rest of the night preparing the routers, calculating their range in three-dimensions and determining the most effective placement throughout the compound.  Building some redundancy into the overlap would help ensure their safety even in the event that one of the routers failed.
Jerry worked through that night configuring the routers to actively cancel out one another.  Just as the sun began to make its way over the horizon, he had worked out all of the bugs on the new system.  He set up one of the routers to scan for any signals similar to what the brief message had described, but aside from his own equipment the compound was completely silent.  Nanobots, Jerry thought, how is that possible?  The thought kept crossing Jerry's mind that the message could be a hallucination.  Stress and fatigue had a way of breaking down his mental strategies for keeping focused.  I better get some sleep, just an hour or so should do it, he thought to himself.
As Jerry fell asleep in his room, a large truck approached the camp grounds from the small dirt road that meandered through the forest and hills.  The ruts were wet and muddy, and the truck fishtailed, throwing large clumps of mud behind it in its wake. Although Davis had closed the metal gate at the entrance, the truck still continued to pick up speed as it approached. The truck smashed the gate from its hinges, piercing its radiator in the process.  Steam billowed from under the hood of the truck, covering the windshield in coolant and causing the driver to lose control.  Attempting to straighten out the truck from its slide, the driver over-corrected and sent the tail-end swinging hard the opposite way and slamming into a tree.  Davis and the campers, startled by the sound, went out to investigate.  The driver side door opened and an old man spilled out from the truck onto the ground.  He had a long gray beard and was wearing hunter's camouflage.  As he brought himself to his feet, it was apparent that he had a double barreled shotgun in his hand.
Davis pulled a handgun from a holster at his hip and drew a bead on the man, who was staggering to his feet.
“My boy's sick, I need help!”  the man exclaimed.
“What happened, is he infected?”  Davis demanded, as he and the campers stepped back from the man.
“What if he is, he still needs help don't he!”  the man exclaimed, becoming more agitated.  “Now let me check on him, make sure he's still breathin.”
Davis kept the handgun drawn on the man as he walked around the truck to the passenger side.  Steam still billowed from under the hood, obscuring the truck's cab from their view.  Opening the door and reaching into the truck, the man slowly removed his son.  He was probably in his mid-twenties, and was also wearing hunter's camouflage.  Unconscious, his father laid him on the ground to check for injuries from the crash.  The young man's face and hands appeared the same yellow color that they had seen in the videos of the early outbreak.  
“Help me get him inside... please, have mercy.”  the old man begged of Davis.
“We can't do that... I'm sorry, but we do have a campground not far from here where you can stay.  It's the best that I can do for you, we can't risk infecting those under our care.”  Davis told the man.
Growling with rage, the man reached for his shotgun and attempted to take aim at Davis.  A shot rang out, piercing the old man's shoulder just adjacent to the shotgun's stock.  As he fell back, the old man managed to get a shot off that hit Davis square in the chest before falling beside his son on the ground.  Davis collapsed to the ground, his entire chest and back a large blood stain.  The campers turned and ran for the compound.  Back at the compound the gunshots had awoken Jerry, and he looked out the window just in time to see the campers running from the bloody scene.  Jerry ran to let the campers into the building and secured the doors.  
“He shot Davis... there's no way he could be alive.”  Kristen said between sobs.
“He's gotta be infected, too!”  Derrick exclaimed.  “There was another guy in the truck and he was all yellow looking.”
“Oh shit... I need to get the jammers going now!”  Jerry exclaimed.  “Hang on guys, I'll be right back!”
Running back to his computers, Jerry checked the router scans to look for any telltale signals like the broadcast had described.  There was something, but it was too faint to analyze.  As Jerry ran more scans, the old man regained consciousness.  Getting back onto his feet, he inspected his shoulder.  The bullet had passed clean through, and, aside from some bleeding and searing pain, he'd been hurt worse before.  Groaning, the man threw his son over his uninjured shoulder and began heading for the compound.  The closer he got to the building, the stronger the signal became in Jerry's scans.  Soon, the signal was strong enough to analyze, and Jerry ran the file through a cancellation program he had written.  Just as the old man stepped up onto the steps to the main door, Jerry began broadcasting the jamming signal that the program had produced, and the old man fell to the ground in convulsions.  While his convulsions were violent, his son's movements were barely distinguishable.  After several minutes that felt like an eternity to the campers and Jerry, the old man stopped moving.  The jamming frequency had stopped the infectious agent, but it had also killed the two men.

Chapter 12

Jerry hadn't left the compound in weeks. Or was it months?  Time seemed to both melt away and to stretch out for an eternity.  Jerry's splintered mind was struggling to hang on, and each passing day took more of a toll on his increasingly fragile psyche.  He couldn't bear to go outside anymore, the wind passing through the trees and blowing leaves across the ground sounded like footsteps.  No matter how many precautions he took, going out at night or very early morning, Jerry could not shake the sensation that he was being watched.  He had been alone for so long now, so long, that his will was finally beginning to crumble.  His meds were no longer working, in fact some of the side effects from the partially degraded medication were as bad, if not worse, than the actual illness itself.  His mind was beginning to splinter.  Most days he spent in his room on the compound, but passing the time was becoming more and more tedious.  Only two batteries remained that were worth charging, so venturing out of the protective shell of the compound was becoming increasingly risky.
Jerry went through his inventory of canned goods, discarding anything that had a bulging lid.  Every other can of beans, or preserved meat, or whatever he opened anymore seemed to be spoiled.  The telltale hiss of gas leaving the can once it had been punctured flagged the dangers of consuming its contents.  Going through his reserves with a meticulous eye for detail, Jerry had discarded over half of his remaining provisions.  The remaining stock was growing small.  Fortunately, the distilled alcohol and cigarettes were much less of a concern for spoilage.  The tobacco had grown stale slowly, and Jerry had never really noticed any difference.  He was completely accustomed to how the cigarettes would taste, which was a fairly subjective matter to begin with.  Seven cases of vodka, three of spiced rum, twelve of gin.  Each case contained a dozen bottles, full liters, of the respective liquor.  The tobacco was a mixed lot, five different brands and each box had numerous cartons of the various offerings the company sold.  
Jerry was smoking two or more packs a day, and he easily averaged a full liter of hard liquor.  The closer he got to what felt like the end, the less he cared about the precautions and safety nets that had kept him going for so long.  He had exhausted, or perhaps more accurately outlasted, his supplies of canned goods.  The dried beans and rice had been eaten long ago, back when there were still others besides himself at the compound.  Jerry's will was almost completely broken now, and it was not unusual for him to wake up outside of his nest.  He was breaking his own rules, something that was unfathomable to the tenacious and compulsive side of himself; however, the flood of alcohol and nicotine helped to numb his psyche into complacency.  He gradually began to accept the circumstances that he found himself in.

Chapter 13

Jerry headed back to the compound with a truck full load of goods from the nearby town.  Cigarettes, alcohol, and several hundred pounds of canned and dried food.  This should cover our needs for a year or two, minimum,  he thought to himself.  He checked the battery on the portable jammer: it still read over seventy percent.  More than enough to get home, just gotta keep calm.  With Davis' death, Jerry had assumed control over the compound.  He knew all the systems, and the grounds, better than anyone else.  Unfortunately, some of the rules that he had sought to establish after Davis passed on had been poorly received by the other campers.  Derrick had challenged him directly.  It wasn't anything the butt of Davis' .45 Desert Eagle hadn't been able to subdue.  It had taken nearly a full roll of paper towels to get his nose to stop bleeding.  Jerry had been a relatively sweet guy before, but burying Davis had broken a part of his soul that he was not able to recover.  All Jerry wanted now was order, just follow the protocols.
Those same protocols were now the reason he was heading back to camp alone.  Sean and Eric had come along on the supply run, but each had fallen behind.  The signal in town was stronger than Jerry had ever seen it before, and while he had searched before leaving without them there had been no sign of either of the brothers.  No trace whatsoever.  Jerry had waited through his first battery, but there was still over ten miles of rough backwoods roads to get to the compound.  The larger jammer unit they took when heading into town was merciless on batteries.  At most they had five hours to get into town and find their way back, and Jerry had spent close to four hours after loading up the truck searching for them.  He had to get the goods back to the compound and watch after the others, there wasn't any option at that point.  If he waited, he risked the safety of the others and was likely to be compromised himself.
The truck had a large topper over it's bed, keeping the loot safe from the elements.  Lucky for Jerry too, as it began raining heavily as he headed out of town along the small country road that led to the compound.  Water began pooling in the ruts, and soon the trail was a slippery, muddy mess.  Jerry did his best to keep from driving too fast, yet avoid coming to a full stop.  Muddy ruts were treacherous, making it home safe would require a very delicate touch.  Drive too fast and risk losing control, slow down too much and risk getting stuck in a rut.
Lightning streaked through the sky, stunning Jerry's vision in a blinding flash.  As he blinked his eyes attempting to regain his senses, he saw large tree had fallen across the road ahead.  Jerry swerved, attempting to avoid the tree, but his front driver side quarter panel smashed into a large rock just off to the side of the road.  Throwing the truck into reverse, he attempted to back away from the stone.  Unfortunately, the chassis was now partially on top of a lower portion of the rock, and the truck didn't budge.  The only effect the spinning tires had was to dig the truck deeper into the mud.
Fuck, quarter tank left... Jerry thought, no point in staying with the truck, I better head back to the compound.  Getting out of the truck and locking the doors, he opened the topper and grabbed a carton of menthol cigarettes.  He took out a pack and removed a cigarette, using the open topper gate as a shield from the rain while he lit it.  Taking a deep drag to cool his nerves, he assessed the situation.  The rock he had hit was nearly at the halfway mark of the road to the compound.  Five miles.  Rain, mud, and God only knows what else lies between here and there.  Jerry filled his backpack with beef jerky, cigarettes, and a few liters of hard liquor.  He didn't trust leaving everything there out in the open, regardless of how long it had been since they had seen another normal person.  Locks only do so much good, he thought to himself before setting out for the compound.
Jerry was able to make reasonably good speed walking alongside the road, where the grass and plants still grew and yielded sound footing.  The rise and fall of the road, and the increasingly heavy downpour, slowed his progress somewhat.  Checking the last remaining battery, Jerry began to panic when he saw it was under thirty percent.  Fuck, it must have been going bad and I missed it.  He was still over two miles out when it fell below ten percent.  Jerry had no idea how functional the jamming signal would be as it began to weaken, and it started to weaken noticeably when the battery was half drained.  Instead of worrying about the details, he focused on getting back as soon as he was able.  Still a half mile out, the battery went completely dead and the jamming signal failed completely.  The adrenaline and fear pushed him onwards, and his paced quicken to a medium jog.
The several pounds of goods in his backpack jostled around haphazardly, and he gasped for breath as he ran.  Once he had reached the main road in to the compound there was still over a mile of driveway to the main compound.  His hamstrings and quads were on fire, but Jerry pushed through the pain and discomfort to get back to safety.  Within sight of the compound, his foot caught an unusually slippery rock that sent him tumbling to the ground.  Pain shot through his right arm, and as he tried to lift himself from the ground the pain grew so intense in his right wrist that it caused him to vomit.  Catching his breath, and raising his arm to inspect the damage, it was clear that a small splinter of bone had broken through the skin.  It was a nasty compound fracture.  Jerry managed to push himself up onto his knees, and from there he slowly got back up onto his feet.  He pressed on to the compound, driven by willpower alone.  As he approached the steps, his entire body went numb.  His legs fell out from under him, and he collapsed on the steps hardly breathing.
Jerry woke up almost almost one full week later.  It seemed that the brief period when his jammer battery signal had grown too low, no more than two hours at most, had been enough for an infection to take hold.  Even that initial infection had almost been enough to stop his heart when he entered the compound's jamming field.  It took close to a full month for Jerry to recover.  Fortunately for Jerry, Derrick had worked in an emergency vet clinic for three summers in the past.  He had been able to set the bad break in Jerry's right forearm and fashion a splint to keep things from moving while the break healed. For the next couple weeks while Jerry was mostly incapacitated, the remaining campers argued over what to do next, and whether or not it was safer to stay at the compound or instead to seek other refuge.  
In the end, the group decided that it was better to take whatever risk was involved to find more of their own.  Jerry couldn't bear the thought of leaving the compound.  He felt that leaving would be like abandoning Davis, even though he had been dead for some time now.  His loyalties were with the compound, and it was where he felt best able to make his stand.  Against his better judgment, however, Jerry equipped the campers with a portable photovoltaic unit he had ordered just before things fell apart.  So long as they stopped to make camp in the open, and had three to four hours of relatively good light, they could charge all of the batteries they needed for either of the jammer units that he sent along with them.
As the campers left the compound, Kristen looked back one last time with a soulful look on her face and tears in her eyes.  Jerry raised a single hand, motionless, to wish them luck on their journey.  It was the last time he would see them, and another small part of his heart died on that day.  Not to say that much remained, though, as burying Davis had killed the better part of whatever humanity was left in Jerry.  Between his illness and the tragedies that had befallen him after, he wasn't sure how much more he could take at this point.  But he persevered, his tenacity was nearly all that he had left, and he sure as hell wasn't going to give that up now.

Chapter 14

It must have been winter, hardly any meat remained from the most recent large buck Jerry had downed and preserved.  No canned goods were left anymore, everything had either been eaten or completely spoiled.  Jerry sat up and opened one of the few remaining liters of rum, took a deep swig from the bottle, and listened to the sound of rain hitting the roof above him.  Bacon pancakes, Jerry thought, Sunday night trampoline contests.  His thoughts had grown sickly, indicative of his deteriorating mental condition.  Outside the compound, one of the first winter storms was bearing down on the campground.  Freezing rain, although unusual for the area, was layering ice on the trees and structures on the grounds.
“How about you seek the retail value of simple produce shelving units!”  Jerry screamed at his invisible persecutors.
His mind was thoroughly broken at this point.  Six long years had etched and chipped away at his resolve and mental fortitude.  The cracks in the foundation of his mind had eroded away, causing the whole castle to come tumbling down.  Most days he spent in his nest anymore, barely coming out to eat and drink, and even less often to bathe.  The storms outside had intensified, and several large trees had already fallen under the burden of the ice frozen on their branches.  Jerry lay in his room, and his mind echoed with the anguished screams and accusations of people he had known in his past.  He closed his eyes tight and did his best to block out the voices, but it was futile.  He lay sobbing in his nest, the cacophony broken periodically by falling trees, until one sound brought him back from the brink of his madness.
The turbine room that housed the hydroelectric generator was located next to a small stream which ran down the hills.  Several hundred feet above it, the retention pond sought release through the eight inch pipe that ran down the hillside.  One of the larger Douglas firs next to the creek finally succumbed to the weight of ice and force of the wind, falling hard atop the turbine room.  The immense weight of the tree broke most of the turbine and piping free from its foundation, sending it tumbling into the stream below.  With its only impediment removed, water gushed from the pipe and eroded away a large swath of ground where the building had stood before.  Power died in the compound nearby, plunging Jerry's room into darkness.  Small emergency lights flickered on as panic overcame Jerry.  Battery jammers... he thought, one of the first coherent thoughts he had experienced in some time.  Stumbling to the battery charging station, he was dismayed to see that all of the batteries, through his negligence, had failed since he had inspected them last.
There was no way around it.  This was the end.  A strange calmness descended upon Jerry.  It was almost as if he had been waiting for this day, when all the struggle and effort would finally come to an end.  Jerry looked through the remaining liquor in his stock and picked a liter of his favorite spiced rum.  Fumbling through a pile of old cartons, he also found a pack of cigarettes.  Gathering up his spoils, he decided to investigate the turbine room to see if it was repairable, just in case.  Whatever had knocked out power must have been significant, and without any backup jammers he would have hours or less before infection would invariably take hold.  Jerry's legs were weak, and his balance was off in spite of the fact that he had barely drank any of the rum he was carrying.  Making his way down the path, the remains of the turbine room finally came into view.  Rather, the lack of remains came into view, and finally the last bit of hope Jerry had clung onto was lost.  He fell in his tracks to the ground below, unable to muster the resolve to move from the spot.  Taking out the pack of cigarettes, he put one in his mouth and lit it with a Zippo lighter that his father had given him as a graduation present just before Jerry started high school.  He took a deep drag of the cigarette, followed by a long swig of rum.
The lighter fluid brought back memories of his late teens and his father.  Jerry took another long swig of the rum, and another deep drag of the cigarette.  Such simple pleasures, yet they seemed to make things more bearable somehow.  In the face of such soul crushing defeat, sometimes the little things seem to matter most.  A single tear rolled down Jerry's cheek, and he tried his best to focus on any happy memory he could bring up.  It wasn't long before the cold had worked through his clothing, the rum was gone and the cigarettes just made him cough.  Darkness drew over Jerry and he slumped over in a pile on the trail, finally resigning himself to this fate.

Chapter 15

The sound of a crackling fire and the smell of chicken soup brought Jerry back to his senses.  Sitting up on the couch, he recognized his surroundings as the main living room in the compound.  He had no memory of how he had gotten there, and as he reflected on his last memories he was struck by the mental clarity he suddenly seemed to possess.  How is this possible, he thought.  His body felt weak and frail, but the warmth of the fire brought a comfort he had not known for longer than he could remember.
“Ahh, Jerry.  I see you're finally awake!  It was a good thing that I found you, I don't imagine you would have lasted much longer in the elements like that.”  a man said as he entered the room with two large bowls of soup.
“How do I know you, or rather, how do you know me?”  Jerry asked the man.
“Oh, I know many things about you, Jerry.  I apologize for my poor manners, my name is James.  We don't rely solely on spoken words anymore, so my etiquette might seem a bit lacking.”
“You can read thoughts... and you've traveled a long ways to meet me.”  Jerry said.  “I feel like I know this, but how is that possible?”  
“I've traveled all this way to meet you, the last holdout of the uninfected as you would have referred to yourself.  I'm sorry that you had to suffer through that Jerry, but you are a most interesting individual if I don't say so myself.”  James said.
“The infection... isn't lethal?”  Jerry asked.
“Oh, no, not at all.  The first people who died from the illness more likely died of other complications.  In fact, once you have fully merged you will find yourself healthier than you have ever been before.  For example, your speech is normal now, no more word salad, eh?”  James asked.
“My thoughts feel more coherent too, but it's confusing to me.  It's like I feel the answers to my questions somehow... I can't explain it.”
James laughed. “Believe me, I know exactly what you mean.  There is much that we need to discuss, Jerry.  We're lucky that I found you when I did, you wouldn't have lasted much longer on that cold trail.”  James said.  “For now lets focus on getting you back to health.  Please let me know if there is anything that I can do for you, we have a long journey ahead of us and it will require all of our strength to see it through.  There are others who are expecting us as well; news of you has spread quickly, it would seem.”

Chapter 16

Raphael checked the progress of the assemblers as they fabricated the last bit of track.  It was an exciting time at the Salt Flats; nearly two years of hard construction were finally coming to an end.  If everything was up to specifications, and the diagnostics looked good, then the launcher would be ready for test firing soon.  
Raph was responsible for establishing the grid that the assemblers used for extremely precise fabrication. It was surreal to watch them work. A small crew moved a mixing tank that resembled an old concrete tumbler, slapping the thick gray putty where the track would run.  First, the putty aligned itself based on the grid field that Raph generated, after which the exterior would turn from a dark gray into a dull flat white within minutes.  Another crew followed behind, collecting the white caked material from around the track.  The spent assembler matrix felt dry, yet still had a certain amount of tack to it.  Large clumps could be pressed against the rail to recover any small bits that had been left behind.  Raph often caught himself staring at the fresh track; when virginal, the surface was almost perfectly polished and smooth.  Nearly everything on the base was produced in a similar fashion.  
While the newer technologies had largely replaced everything from the previous times, old tech was still around.  There was still a large group of diesel enthusiasts, for example.  The guys and gals who still liked turning wrenches for fun claimed it was part of their heritage, and that to give it up was to sacrifice a part of ourselves and our history.  Raph didn't care for it though.  Novelties, he thought to himself.  Raph was obsessed with the new tech, as materials that would have been prohibitively expensive in the past were now commonplace.  The speed bike, for example, would have blown away any old tech motorcycle so far as Raph was concerned, both aesthetically and in performance.
The panels and chassis were composed of mixed composite, incorporating a good amount of carbon nanotubes that made it exceptionally strong yet remarkably light.  High charge density batteries gave it an extended range that varied from two to five-hundred kilometers, depending on hard it was throttled.  There were no extraneous controls; any individual with a relatively advanced degree of merging was able to control the bike with thoughts alone.  Nothing was more exhilarating to Raph than getting on his speed bike and testing its limits.  There was close to ten kilometers of track on the base, and Raph had made runs from one end to the midpoint in half a minute.  The tire material was sticky on the pavement, and the bike could literally accelerate faster than free-fall.
With their work finally complete, Raph assembled the grid projection equipment and loaded it onto the trolley nearby.  It wasn't yet mid-day, but the sun was already bearing down with an uncomfortable intensity.  Raph mounted his speed bike, nodded his head to the crew, and then sped back to the end of the track towards the main bunker.  The wind whipped over his body as he willed the speed bike to go faster.  Speed and acceleration of this magnitude were intoxicating, and Raph's heart beat faster as the adrenaline kicked in.  Raph flew past the midpoint of the track and decelerated before the entrance to the bunker.  The suspension strained under the load as the weight shifted from back to front as Raph once more pushed the tires' griping ability to their limits.
Large doors opened into a vast underground hangar.  The air inside still carried the chill from the previous night.  A significant amount of the energy that the base used was generated using heat gradients, one of the advantages to the huge swing in temperature from day to night on the Salt Flats.  Several piles of scrap lay in different stages of separation around the hangar, and sparks flew intermittently into the air as the crew cut through metal in preparation for recycling.   Rails criss-crossed the hangar ceiling, supporting large cranes that moved the scrap to extraction cauldrons.  Raph parked his speed bike along the hangar wall beside a half dozen other speed bikes and transporters.  Although the transporters and speed bikes were composed of similar materials, the transporters were much bulkier and resembled old tech automobiles, an intentional design choice that allowed them to carry up to four passengers comfortably.
Raph paused for a moment, allowing his heart rate to slow.  Stepping away from his work, one of the crew walked over to Raph.  Flipping back his face mask, he shot Raph a big grin.
“Have you been showing off again Raph?  Nobody but you is crazy enough to push a speed bike to its limits like that.”  Xian said.  “Man, it makes my heart race just thinking about it.  What a sensation, eh?”
“I can't help it, Xian. You know me.”  Raph said with a mischievous grin.
“They finished the track, though, did they? Nice.”  Xian said.  “The lift vessel should be ready for a test flight as soon as we run an analysis on the rails.  These tolerances are insane, but there isn't any room for error at Mach 4, now is there?” 
“We should have a two or three hour launch window before the rails begin to heat unevenly.”  Raph said.  “I'm going to go get some food, care to join me?”  he asked Xian.
“Yeah, just as soon as I finish cutting up this last bit of scrap.  We've almost got enough raw material now to finish phase one, and the guys are getting pretty excited.  Have you heard anything from James, yet?”  
“Not a word.  Three months is a while, but he's resourceful enough to take care of himself.”  Raph said.

Chapter 17

James and Jerry, or Hammond as he had now taken to being called, made their way south on horseback.  Hammond was still adjusting to his new post-infection senses.  It was all so foreign, a sensation of losing your own personal perspective as the experiences of other people and animals bled into your own.  With each new stride that the horse took, he could feel the impulses of the animal's muscles in his own.  Hammond caught himself twitching in time to the horse's movements.  In spite of the fact that his mental illness was now completely cured, he still had a difficult time trusting the new sensations.
“Don't worry so much about it, Hammond. If it bothers you, just focus on blocking the feeling out.  With a little practice, it is a fairly easy thing to do.”  James said, reassuring Hammond.
“I'll give it a try. You're sure this is the easiest way to get adjusted?”  Hammond asked James.
“Trust me, horses are much easier to deal with than people.  If you think feeling him move is bad, just wait until you start sensing the thoughts of others!”  James said with a grin.
“Just what I need, more voices in my head.  And to think, I only recently got rid of them!  It's almost ironic.  Or is that just coincidence...”  Hammond said.
“Hah!  We're almost to the outskirts of Vancouver now, Hammond. There's a small settlement there that we'll need to stop at.”  James said. 
James and Hammond had been following Interstate 5 south for several days.  The last remnants of the winter storm had passed, and the scent of new plant growth was heavy in the air.  Most of the wreckage and abandoned vehicles had been cleared from the interstate, and it appeared as though recent work had been done to fix potholes and resurface other rough patches.  Hammond was curious who had done this work, as they had only seen a handful of people so far on their trip.  Although James was able to communicate non-verbally with them, when they realized that Hammond was only partially merged they had all been courteous enough to use spoken words.  He would laugh to himself when he reflected on the change of circumstances, wondering if he was really sane or if everyone else had just gone crazy to match him.
As Hammond became more attuned to his horse, he became increasingly able to experience things vicariously through the large animal.  For example, the feeling of the warm sun on the horse's flanks, or the smell of freshly bloomed flowers. If he closed his eyes and focused, it almost felt as if he actually was the horse!  
“Nicely done, Hammond!  You're getting the hang of this fairly quickly, I feel!”  James said encouragingly.
“It's still hard to believe, but it's getting easier for me to trust that this is actually real.”
“Given your history, Hammond, that's understandable.”  James replied.  “I should mention, though, that you managed to avoid infection far longer than anyone else we know of. By several years, in fact.  The agent is constantly changing and evolving over time, so it is likely that your experience will be different from those of others.”
The sun was getting low on the horizon as the pair approached a busy settlement.  Many of the old buildings had been demolished, their materials collected and recycled into designs that were more fitting for the landscape.  Several differently colored rose bushes grew near the buildings, and Hammond was suddenly aware that his horse appreciated the smell of them just as much as he did.  One of the buildings in the settlement resembled a large aircraft hangar, and Hammond wondered what was stored inside.
“We can't ride horses all the way to our destination, Hammond!  This trip, as much as anything else, was just to help you get your bearings on your new senses.  Being able to feel and experience things through other living creatures is just one of the new abilities you will be able to develop further.”  James said.
“Interesting, so what's in the hangar then?”  Hammond asked. 
“You'll see soon enough.  For now, let's get these horses tended to.  We'll be leaving them behind, so there are some people here that I need to talk to first.”  James replied.
Several of the buildings were partially buried with earth, and plants grew over the remaining exposed structure.  Something about the design made Hammond feel comforted: while he had never been in this area before, it still felt strangely familiar.  
The pair dismounted their horses and took them to a small pavilion where they would be out of the elements.  There were no posts for tying the animals up, as they would stay wherever they had been instructed to without needing restraints.  James took out a pair of green apples, feeding one to each of the horses.  Hammond's mouth began to water as he sensed the sourness of the apples, and his stomach growled with hunger in response.
“Indeed, let's find some food then, shall we!”  James said, perceiving Hammond's hunger.
A larger building was set in the middle of the smaller buried structures, and it was the central hub of activity in this settlement.  Communal meals were prepared, consisting primarily of vegetables, beans, and grains.  While people still consumed meat on occasion, eggs and dairy were also common.  Many people now gravitated towards vegetarianism.  There was something fulfilling about living so closely in tune with nature, and many people were entirely content to do nothing more than grow and prepare food for their community. On their journey, James and Hammond had passed through a handful of other settlements. Some were so well integrated into the landscape that Hammond had nearly missed seeing them without James pointing out where the structures were.  James would raise his hand to anyone they saw, and a silent exchanges took place that Hammond was still unable to fully appreciate.
While Hammond couldn't quite put his finger on what was different about this settlement, he sensed something that seemed somewhat out of place.  It felt as though he was being watched.  Hammond shrugged off the feeling, and followed James into the central building.  A dozen people were seated at tables, while a handful of others tended to the kitchen and dishes.  James raised his hand, and was greeted with warm and friendly smiles all around.  One of the seated men stood up from the table and picked up his dishes, putting them into a bin where a young girl carried them and several other dirty dishes to a kitchen washing area.
“So this is Jerry Hammond?  Nice to meet you, Jerry!  You can call me Krause, if you like.  We've been expecting you for some time now, and I'm glad to see that you finally made it in one piece!”  Krause said.
“We took a little longer than anticipated, but the trip was well worth it.  I do need to ask a favor, though, Krause. We need to get to the Salt Flats as soon as possible.  What is the status on the fifth generation transporter that you've been working on?”  James asked.
“Ho ho ho, now you're talking!  This project has been my baby for the last several months.  Tending to the garden is great, I really think it is, but if I had my way I'd spend all of my time in the hangar!  For now, though, just worry about getting some food in your bellies.  I'll make arrangements for you to have some warm beds for the night and I will send word ahead that you should be at the Flats soon.”
“Thank you, Krause.”  Hammond said.  “I've been looking forward to sleeping in a comfortable bed.  I can't even remember the last time I had a chance to do so.”  Hammond said.

Chapter 18

It was early morning, and Raph was running some tests on the scramjet simulators.  It wasn't possible to fire the immensely powerful engines without traveling at supersonic speeds, so for the time being the testing had to be done via computer.  Man, I wonder what it would feel like when this puppy kicks in, he thought to himself.  The maglev boost alone would pull just over nine g's, granted it wasn't for much more than fourteen seconds.  What a rush.  The launch vehicle, when fully fueled and loaded, was about as large as an old school bus, and weighed about one and a half times as much.  There wasn't much empty space inside, as the large fuel reserves demanded most of the available room.  
Getting into orbit was no easy thing to do, especially considering that most of the thrust had to be generated in the troposphere where the air was dense enough to drive the engines.  The maglev booster did most of the brute work in the beginning. However, going so fast at this low of an altitude generated a tremendous amount of heat.  Failure of the cooling system, which circulated fuel through the front of the fuselage, would be catastrophic for vehicular integrity.  Raph had volunteered to test a smaller version of the full scale launch vehicle, and he was nearly finished assembling the last components and running the necessary systems checks.
“Almost ready is it, Raph?”  Xian asked.
“Yeah, just going through some of the final diagnostics now.  I'm anxious to test the scramjet out, though the maglev makes me a little nervous.  I suppose it's worth it, though. Can you imagine what it would feel like to get blasted off that rail and to feel the scramjet kick in?”  Raph asked Xian.
“You won't have to imagine after your test flight, you fucking goofball!”  Xian said, trying to cut the tension.
“Hah, fair enough.  Can you go check on the meatheads working on the full scale version?” 
“Meatheads, huh? You sound a bit jealous there, Raph.  You know if you spent some time in the scanner and got augmented you could be just as strong, right?”  Xian replied.
“I'd rather not have that kind of strength, to be honest.  Hell, two of them could pick up this small prototype and it weighs a thousand kilos!”  Raph exclaimed.  “Think of how easy it would be to accidentally smash things if you were strong like that.”
When the infection first ran through the populace like a wildfire, people noticed that once they had recovered, old injuries would heal.  Over time this became more pronounced, transforming people to possess more youthful, healthy and vigorous bodies.  Average height had skyrocketed as well, with the average being closer to six feet tall now.  Children seemed to get the best end of the deal following infection, blossoming into near-perfect specimens at maturity.  After-effects of infection were not limited to physical changes alone, as there were also additional mental and sensory benefits.  It wasn't long before the more curious and innovative individuals developed ways to change themselves beyond what the infection had done alone.
When the tech had caught up—the three-dimensional scanners, for example—groups of “meatheads,” as Raph referred to them, had tinkered around with other characteristics.  Bone, muscle and tendons had been altered beyond what anyone would have believed possible in the past.  Raph had witnessed the hangar's meatheads performing incredible feats of strength such as bench pressing over ten times their own body-weight with relative ease.  Some of them had become so strong that they had broken old weight equipment, literally snapping the bars.
It was difficult to say if Raph was jealous or not.  He had always preferred more cerebral pursuits.  For example, designing the current speed bikes and transports they used on the base, which suggested that he was also intrigued by power as well.  The launch vehicle was his his most prized accomplishment.  Raph couldn't remember exactly what had brought him to the Salt Flats.  Something in his gut told him to head that way.  He was originally from Michigan, and growing up near Detroit had left him with a lifelong passion for cars.  Some of his earliest memories were in the garage with his dad, tooling around on old vintage muscle car engines.  Hell, he could practically build a Chevy 350 small block from memory alone.  
Raph lost his father in the outbreak, along with most of his family and friends.  Those had been dark times, even before the outbreak.  With nothing else keeping him in the area, he had pieced together a bike with a large fuel tank that could go a thousand miles without needing a refill, and set out for somewhere new to start over.  West sounds good, he had thought to himself, and he wound up following I-80 nearly all the way to the Pacific.  Before he had made it to the ocean he found a large group at work building a hangar on the western side of the Salt Flats.  This group quickly became like the family he had longed for, and the base became his new home.

Chapter 19

Hammond woke up to see the first light of morning shining through the condensation that covered the window.  His bed was more comfortable than any he had slept on in as long as he could remember, and his body felt rejuvenated from the rest.  In fact, the pain in his right arm from the compound fracture all those years ago was completely gone.  He rolled his hand around through his wrist, amazed at how it now felt completely healed.  While his bed had been comfortably warm, the room itself was still a little cold.  Hammond got out of bed and put some fresh clothes on that Krause had given him the night before.  Three full changes of clothes, it had been a most generous gift, and the fabric was a light material which while being incredibly soft and breathable, also kept his body heat in remarkably well.  Now fully clothed, Hammond left his room and headed for the main building where breakfast was being served.
“Ah, good morning, Hammond! I trust you slept well?”  Krause asked, greeting him with a wink as he entered the main dining hall.
“Yes I did, thank you very much for your hospitality.  The bed was incredibly comfortable. I honestly can't remember the last time I slept so soundly.”  Hammond replied.
“Your arm is feeling better, I take it?”  Krause asked.
“Right, you can read my thoughts.  I'm still getting used to that honestly.”
Krause laughed. “Sorry, that's rude of me.  Some of us are better at it than others. Women, in particular, seem to have a knack for it.”  Krause replied.  “The bed you slept in also has three-dimensional imaging capabilities.  While you slept we checked your body for any old injuries that might still be causing you pain.  It's amazing what we're able to do now with some of this tech, and it's all still in it's infancy.  Who knows what the future holds!”  Krause said enthusiastically.
“Why do I have a sneaking suspicion you know what the future holds for me?”  Hammond replied.
“Touche, Hammond.  For now, all you need to worry about is getting some more food in that belly of yours.  We'll have the tech demo after breakfast, sound OK to you?”  Krause asked.
“Yeah, everything smells delicious!”  Hammond said.
While Hammond had never been big on dark green veggies, this morning everything seemed to taste particularly good to him.  Better than anything he had ever tasted before, in fact, which struck him as being somewhat odd.  Positively delicious, the vegetables were cooked in an oil that was derived from a special algae that they grew on the premises.  It had a flavor somewhere between garlic and onions, and accented perfectly the herbs and seasonings that they had added.  Everything had been freshly picked that morning.
 Along with the vegetables, he was also served a tofu-like cube of semi-solid material.  Poking it questioningly with his fork, the pale tan mass jiggled on his plate.  Hammond shrugged. What the hell, everything else has been pretty amazing so far, he thought.  Despite his misgivings, the gelatinous substance tasted incredible, saturating his taste buds with a savory, smoky flavor that Hammond positively loved.
“Ahh! Enjoying the snafu, as we like to call it, are you?”  Krause asked.
“This is incredible!  Its texture is like tender chicken, but its flavor is exactly what I am craving right now.”  Hammond replied.
“Keep eating it and see what happens next.”  Krause said.
As Hammond continued working on the food on his plate, he was suddenly aware that the flavor was changing.  Quickly, the “snafu” had gone from being the most delicious thing that Hammond had ever tasted to being as bland and tasteless as he remembered plain tofu being.  
Krause laughed. “I never get tired of that. You'll have to excuse me, it's been a long time since I saw someone try snafu for the first time.  Your taste buds are a little more active now than they used to be, Hammond.  If a food has something your body needs, it tastes absolutely delicious.  Once you're full though, all the flavor is gone.  Have no fear, though, we still have some things that we eat just for pleasure that are unlinked to that response.”  Krause said.  “Now, if you're finished with breakfast, let's go take a look at the transport you and James will be taking.  James is already in the hangar now; he hardly ever sleeps as it is.”

Chapter 20

Sasha strained as she lifted the large trailer beam into position, while Scar and Trey spot welded it into place.  The welds were small, just enough to secure the beam, and would later be replaced by the extruder resin.  Most of the work was completed for the small launch vehicle prototype, but the full scale version was far from finished.  The heavy lifting of the job, be it material reclaimation or the handling of large extruded components for assembly, was left to the “meatheads.”  Sasha was the team leader on this project, not because of any job title or order from higher ups, but because she was the most physically qualified.
Sasha had only been twelve years old when she was infected.  She had responded to the infection atypically, and although neither of her parents were particularly tall she hit an enormous growth spurt as she recovered.  She was six feet tall by the time she turned eighteen.  Now, just a few months over twenty, she towered over most people at six foot five.  Her musculature was phenomenal, and her curiosity over what had led to her development soon provided the basis for other techniques that could be used to modify bodies.  Enhanced muscle, connective tissue, and bone strength: three mods that set the foundation for the meathead culture.
The meatheads were a boisterous group, and while most aggression had long since diluted from most personality types, meatheads were rambunctious to a degree that bordered on physical violence.  Everything was a competition, from breaking down cars for salvage, to excavating ground for a new building. Meatheads constantly sought to outdo their peers; disputes were often settled, albeit jokingly, through arm wrestling matches.  In one such bout, during which Sasha was still testing out one of her muscle mods, she had accidentally broke her rival's arm.  Fortunately, it was quickly healed; while “Scar” may have lost the match, he had won his nickname through no small amount of pain, blood and tears.
While they were incredibly strong, the types of jobs the meatheads typically performed required supplemental brawn.  To achieve this, Sasha and her friends had developed booster suits.  Fully equipped in her suit, Sasha stood nearly eight feet tall.  The suit itself was bulky, and it required nearly the full strength of a meathead to use to its full potential.  In her suit, Sasha was able to roll a mid-sized car by herself.  The versatility of the suits, when combined with other implements, allowed the meatheads to perform any job that heavy machinery would have been used for in the past.
“Hey Sasha, how's the launch vehicle coming along?”  Xian asked.
“It's going well; all the heavy lifting is done, anyways.  We're just running diagnostics now.”  Sasha said.
“Alright, sounds good.  We're getting ready to move the smaller prototype to the fueling pad now.”
“I bet Raph is chomping at the bit to try out this scramjet design.  That little speed freak!”  Sasha said, punching Xian in the arm playfully.
“You got him pegged alright, ya big meathead.”  Xian said, returning a punch.  “Maybe we can catch up after the test flight?”  
“I suppose I have been busier than normal lately. Yeah, that sounds nice, Xian.  Let's do that.”  Sasha replied.
Across the hangar, Raph shouted to Xian “Hey, how about you come help me finish getting the prototype to the fueling pad?”
“Hah, see, he's dying to go.”  Sasha said, laughing.  “Too bad we can't launch until tomorrow morning.”
“Yeah, it's driving him crazy.  Better lock the speed bikes up, he's likely to go through a few transmissions today on the launch strip.”  Xian said jokingly.
“Crap, you're right.  I'll do that now.”  Sasha said, winking at Xian as he turned and headed for the smaller prototype.

Chapter 21

“Ah, good morning, Krause and Hammond.  I trust you slept well?”  James said as Krause and Hammond opened the hangar doors.
“I did, very well in fact.  Can't remember feeling better than I do right now actually.”  Hammond replied.
“It's hard to believe he is still so fresh, James.  The last new infection was what, three years ago?  I don't know how he did it, but it sure is impressive!”  Krause said, slapping Hammond across the back.
“It was less than fun.”  Hammond replied, thinking back to the time he spent alone at the compound.
“Ah, shit, sorry to drag up bad memories.  I respect what you did though, quick thinking under the circumstances and all.”  Krause said.
“So this is the new transporter you developed, is it?”  James said as he looked over the vehicle.
“Sure is!  This is my baby, it'll do 80 mph off incoming charge in moderate light levels.  Not to mention, it's also able to generate power based on temperature differentials.  It weighs in just over 1000 kilograms and has a minimum range of seven-hundred miles if you go easy on the throttle.”  Krause said, brimming with pride over his creation.
“It looks amazing.”  Hammond said.
The body design looked like something out of a science fiction movie, as it possessed an insectoid appearance that was difficult to describe.  Organic curves only, there were no straight lines to be found anywhere in the design.  Extending out from the body, the tires had chunky tread on them that looked readily able to tear apart any weakly paved surface.
“They're adaptive.  The tires, I mean.”  Krause said, noticing Hammond inspecting the tires.  “They'll go from that chunky off-road texture to a more smooth tread for roads.”
“Incredible!”  Hammond said.
“Shit, if you think that's incredible, just wait till you throttle it wide.  It'll throw you back into the seat so hard that you better have used the bathroom beforehand!”  Krause said, laughing.
“Speaking of, let's finish making preparations to leave Hammond.  Is this ready to go, Krause?”  James asked.
“You bet your ass it is!”  Krause replied.  “You two go finish getting ready and I'll move it out for ya. Run one last round of diagnostics and it should be set.”
Hammond and Jerry gathered their things and finished preparing to leave.  The transport doors were open as they left the dormitory building.  Raised to the side, the transporter resembled a beetle preparing for flight.  James loaded their bags into the back compartment and sat down in the driver's seat.  Hammond got in the passenger side, and Krause closed the door for him.
“Have fun, kiddos!  Send word when you're there safe and sound.  You better take good care of my baby, I want this girl back in good shape!”  Krause said, flashing a big smile.
“We need to make one small stop on the way.  There's some people you need to meet before we get to the Salt Flats.”  James said as he took the controls for the transport in each hand.
The electric motors engaged without any sound, and the only audible noise as the transporter headed for the road came from the rocks and gravel beneath the tires.  Soon they were back on Interstate 5 and heading south.  Hammond sensed an urgency in James that he had not noticed before.  James' knuckles seemed tense, gripping the controls so tightly at times that they turned white. 
“Lets see what this thing can do.”  James said as they came to a long straight stretch of road.
James had kept the transporter over 200 kilometers per hour up until that point.  The motors were still fairly quiet, but when he opened the throttle full there was an audible purring sound in the cabin. 300, 350, 400, the transporter surged forward pressing the occupants back into their seats under the acceleration.  Even though James had set their speed just under 400 kph the sound of air rushing over the fuselage was still barely noticeable.  Hammond was awestruck that in spite of how fast they were traveling, everything was still remarkably quiet in the vehicle.
“Krause knows what he's doing, I've got to give him that much!”  James said with a grin.
“This is really impressive, James.  So, if I may ask, who are we going to see now?”  Hammond asked.
“You've heard us talk about the Salt Flats.  We're working on a project there. Something came up recently and we're sort of scrambling now to figure out what to do about it.”  James said.  “Right now, we're heading for Sacramento.  Each community is different from the next, as you've probably noticed already.  Most communities are dedicated to little more than agricultural pursuits.  Tightly knit groups, typically anywhere from twenty to eighty people, form their own micro-societies. There are others, though, where the pursuit of technology is still a core interest.  The Salt Flats is one of those.  While we no longer communicate directly between each small village on a normal basis, each is aware of the rest, almost intuitively.”  James said.
“So it's like how I seem to know certain things just by 'feeling' them then?”  Hammond asked.
“Exactly.”  James said.  “Just like there are the farmers, and the technophiles, there are also some settlements that have expanded on that ability to know by feeling.  We're on our way to meet a trio of women, now, known as the Sisters.  There are rumors that they have expanded their abilities to the point of precognition, that they can actually see the future.  While I'm not so certain of that, I am sure that they have contacted something beyond ourselves, an intelligence that is not human.  You've felt it: the sensation of being watched.  Something is out there, and it's related to whatever it was that started the outbreak.”
“Where do I fit in to all this, exactly?”  Hammond asked.
“That's what we're going to find out.  As soon as you were infected, the Sisters were aware of you.  Hammond, they requested you specifically and sent for me to bring you to them.  They won't speak to you using words, so prepare yourself for that.  We will meet with them briefly and, from there, head to the Salt Flats.  Beyond those details, I'm afraid that I am at a loss.”  James said.  “But, rest assured, there is some greater plan out there that we will both know soon enough.”
The charge indicator on the transport indicated that half of the energy reserves had been spent.  James cut the throttle back some, slowing the transport to match the charge that the daylight was generating.  It was a sunny day, and the transporter sped along at nearly 200 kph at a neutral energy drain.
“We're almost there.”  James said.

Chapter 22

Raph sped up and down the track next to the maglev rail.  Waiting had never been his strong suit, and now that the prototype had passed all of its diagnostics and was fueled, all he had to do was wait for the next morning.  Just wait, like it was that simple.  The speed bike's front tire lifted off the track slightly as Raph pushed it to its limits.  Wind pulled at his hair and rushed past his face in spite of the deflector, and his heart raced with the surge of adrenaline.  It was just past midday, and the heat of the sun was beating down on the Salt Flats.
The white salt made everything painfully bright, and almost everyone on the base wore thick darkened goggles to protect their eyes.  Raph made one final run on the speed bike and headed back for the hangar.  The transmission sounded somewhat off, and as the bike entered the hangar a horrible grinding noise echoed off the hangar walls.
Sasha sighed. There goes another transmission, she thought to herself.
“Shit! Sorry, Sasha!”  Raph called out.  “I'm going to check the hydraulics on the maglev rail now. We need at least three degrees incline for the test tomorrow.”
“Okay, I'll be right there.”  Sasha replied.
Scar and Trey continued with the work at hand in booster suits, moving hundreds of pounds of raw scrap metal into the induction furnace for initial processing.  Raph and Sasha went to the maglev rail control room.  Buried beneath the track, huge hydraulic pistons capable of lifting the track to different angles for launch were set into the ground.  The prototype, for safety reasons, required a minimum of three degrees incline as a failsafe in case the scramjet failed to ignite.  All systems were optimal, and after sounding an alarm across the base they initiated the motors that would raise the pistons.  Slowly, the maglev rail began to raise from its far end.  Raph watched the monitor as the rail pitched upwards towards the sky.  Each section of maglev rail was independent of the next, allowing the ten kilometer track to bend slightly to reach the necessary angle.  Even with this slight give, the final end of the track was over five-hundred meters high.  
The prototype would rely in part on the levitation provided by the track to compensate for the curvature, and also relied on the lift generated by the wings as well.  Designed to withstand the shockwave the vehicle would generate, which became very significant at increasing Mach values, the structure was visible for miles across the Salt Flats.  The fully raised track looked like some kind of sadistic roller coaster that simply ditched its riders after they reached the apex.
“All systems check out fine!”  Sasha said, punching Raph in the arm.  “Now all you have to do is wait.  Come on, let's head to the mess hall and get a couple beers.”
“That does sound pretty good. Sorry, again, about the transmission.”  Raph said, apologetically.
“Hah, Xian warned me to lock up the speed bikes.  I figured I'd leave one out for you, though. I know how tense you are right now.”  Sasha replied.
“He knows me too well.”  Raph said, laughing.

Chapter 23

James and Hammond finally reached their destination nearly four hours after leaving Krause's workshop.  It was just now midday, and James parked the transporter in full sun to help recharge the batteries.  Krause had estimated that in good light, and with strong heating, the battery array could be recharged in as little as an hour.  
The two men exited the transporter. Hammond was struck again by how alien and insect-like its design was.  Large palm trees towered above the small buildings below, and baskets hung on their trunks with flowering orchids.  Flowers filled the landscaping, and their scent hung lightly on the air.  Everything felt clean here, invigorating.  Hammond closed his eyes, feeling deeply relaxed and calm.  Welcome, Hammond. We have been looking forward to meeting you for quite some time now, a chorus of female voices said in Hammond's head.  Be not afraid, and come now to the central building where we are await.
“Did you hear that James?”  Hammond asked.
“Nope, that must have been for you alone.  The Sisters are in the building over there.”  James said, pointing towards a larger structure in the middle of the small village.
Hammond walked along a path to the building's door.  He took a deep breath, then opened the door and stepped inside.  Small skylights set into the ceiling provided a gentle and warm light in the building.  There was also a small breeze that drew freshly scented air into the building.  Seated along the far wall, three young women, at most in their late teens, looked into Hammond's eyes as he entered.  Welcome to our home, Hammond.  We are the Sisters.  Each of the women looked quite different from the other, and it was apparent that their title was not due to relation.  
No, Hammond, we are not related.  While we do not claim to speak for the many, we are attuned to their voices.  The world has found peace and prosperity beyond what any would have dreamed possible in the old days.  It came at a great price, and as much as you have suffered, so too have the rest of us.  Shortly after the initial outbreak, just after everything went dark, several nuclear devices were launched.  Fusion bombs, rated in megatons, wreaked havoc over much of Eurasia.  In the course of a few short hours, billions of lives were lost.  Today, fewer than two billion people remain, and many of them are tasked with healing the scars that were left behind by this folly.
“Honestly, that doesn't surprise me at all.  I'm still not sure how I fit into this, though, but I'm willing to help however I can.”  Hammond said.
We first heard your voice nearly three months ago, shortly before James found you awaiting death on that cold trail.  Merging is different for each person, yet most follow similar paths.  You have seen for yourself the simple joys that can be found in farming, cooking, and building communities.  This is the path that many follow after merging.  However, there are some who find new or different paths.  These individuals still eventually find communities where they fit in, where their gifts can be of the greatest benefit to all.  Your voice is different, Hammond.  While you are still in the early stages of merging, your voice alone has remained isolated and truly unique.
“Just when I was starting to feel normal, that's kind of funny.”  Hammond said with a smile.
Your gift to us may be the most important of all, but, before you select your path, you must be aware that this gift may require a great sacrifice on your part.  We have long now been aware that there was another presence, something behind the outbreak.  You have felt its eyes upon you as well, Hammond, yet in spite of our efforts to contact and speak with this entity we have not been able to do so.  There is a discordance, the cohesion of this identity is dissolving.  We do not know why, or how you might achieve this, but we believe you may be able to heal this fragmented sentience.
“How would I do that?”  Hammond asked.
To do so will require leaving your birthplace behind.
“That's all?  Haven't I already done that by coming here?”  Hammond asked.
No, Hammond, you must leave Earth.  Fragments of this entity are currently in orbit above us.  There is a much larger assembly near Jupiter.  The distance between us is too great, and to contact it you will need to go to Jupiter and investigate firsthand.
“Whoa now, are you telling me this thing is alien?”  Hammond asked.
We cannot say for certain, Hammond.  This is one of the things that you will need to determine for yourself.  You do not need to decide now, Hammond. However, James will take you from here to a facility that is being constructed that can get you into low Earth orbit.  Be mindful, however, that this discordance has been growing, becoming more severe.  We fear that without intervention, this entity might soon be lost.
“I understand, then.”  Hammond said.  “I'll go to the Salt Flats and consider what needs to be done.
This decision can be only yours, Hammond.  Follow your heart, trust your intuition, and the path will be revealed to you.
Hammond nodded and turned to leave the building.  His head was spinning with everything he had just learned.  Recent events had unfolded that were far more grim than he would have ever imagined.  All those people... gone, he thought.
“Tough news?  Let's get something to eat before we head out.  It will help relieve your worries at any rate.”  James said.
After a quick meal, the pair got back into the transport.  The battery indicator showed just over ninety percent charge.  That should be just enough to get us there quick, James thought.
“Alright Hammond, hold on to your ass because we're going to make up some lost time on this next stretch.”  James said.
James and Hammond drove east on Interstate 80.  Several times over the course of the trip, Hammond noticed that the speedometer was displaying over 400 kph.  Some of the sections of road were terrifying, yet simultaneously exhilarating, at those speeds.  Just over three hours later James and Hammond arrived at the Salt Flats base, with an intense red-orange sunset as their backdrop.  So beautiful, thought James as he gazed at the setting sun.  The sight of such a beautiful sunset inspired different feelings in Hammond.  As he marveled at the immense beauty, he struggled to think of the reality of not seeing another sunset like this.  
“Here at last!”  James said.  “Now come on Hammond, enough sightseeing, we have some people to meet that have been working their asses off to make this thing here happen.”

Chapter 24

In the mess hall, Sasha, Xian and Raph were sitting around a table that was littered with empty pint glasses. When James and Hammond walked in, the three were so involved in their conversation, interspersed with laughter and expletives, that they didn't notice the two men approaching their table.
“Sons of bitches!”  James exclaimed when they were no more than a few paces away from the table.
“James!  You're late!” Raph said, getting up from the table to give James a giant hug.
“Sorry, we had to make a stop to see the Sisters.  Not to mention the first leg of the journey went a little longer than expected.  I found this guy waiting for death on a frozen forest trail.” James said.
“When you put it like that, it sounds awful.”  Hammond said, grinning.
“Awful because it's true!”  James responded.
“Well, I'm glad you guys are here.  Tristan has some things he needs to talk to you about, and the prototype and maglev rail system are all ready for testing tomorrow.  You got here just in time for the show, gentlemen!”  Raph said.
“Oh, just fire the damn rockets already, Raph. You've been bouncing off the walls all day.”  Sasha said with a sigh.
“Maybe you should test it out instead, Sasha, if you're going to be such a bitch about it.”  Xian said.
“Hah!  Fuck you!”  Sasha replied, punching Xian squarely in the shoulder.
“Holy fuck, easy on that arm, Sasha.  You've already bruised the shit out of it!”  Xian replied, sounding slightly annoyed.
“How many of those beers have you guys had?”  James asked, smirking.
“Almost enough, but not quite!”  Xian replied happily.
“Well everyone, this is Hammond.  Hammond, this is Raph, Sasha, and Xian.  Raph is basically a grown up version of a hyperactive three year old, Sasha is the muscle of the team, and Xian helps keep the peace when I'm gone.”  James said.  “Now, how about we get some food to eat and grab a couple pints while we're at it?”
“Sounds good to me.”  Hammond said.
The group sat at the table and joked around, enjoying the food, beer and company.  For a moment, the past few weeks' hard work seemed like a distant memory.  At one point Hammond laughed so hard that beer shot from his nose, soaking the front of his shirt and pants.
“Oh man, I can't take this guy anywhere!”  James said jokingly.  “Now, let's go get you a change of clothes and I will take you to meet Tristan.”
“Thanks again for the good time, everyone. It's been a long time since I've laughed this much.”  Hammond said.
“The pleasure was ours.”  Sasha replied, while Raph and Xian raised their hands in farewell to James and Hammond as they turned to leave.

Chapter 25

James led Hammond to a stairwell at the back of the hangar.  An inclined road with inlaid metal tracks ran parallel to the stairs towards a large blast door at the bottom.  Large pipes ran along the ceiling, and the air itself felt energized somehow, causing the hairs on Hammond's arms to stand on end.
“Tristan's lab also happens to provide the power for the base.”  James said.  “You probably won't be surprised, but it's nuclear.  The technology isn't new, exactly, but Tristan has really improved the design from what I understand.  It's a liquid fluoride thorium reactor.  According to him, it's only phase one of an ongoing project. He's planning on something fusion-based in the near future.  Also, unless you have a few hours to spare, I would avoid asking him any questions about it.  He tends to get... enthusiastic.”
“We're not here to see a reactor, though, are we?”  Hammond asked.
“No, Hammond, we're not.  To be honest, I'm not sure what Tristan wants.  He's generally content to stay down here on his own tinkering around with his gadgets.  Most of the new tech on base—like the launch vehicle prototype, for example—he designs down here in his dungeon, as Raph likes to call it.”  James replied.
“It's way too bright to be a dungeon.”  Hammond replied.
“You're a funny guy, Hammond!  Alright, we're here.  After you.”  James said, holding a thick steel door open.
Hammond and James both entered the room, pausing for a moment to allow their eyes to adjust to the change in light levels.  Giant monitors covered the walls and were hung from mounting brackets over the desks and work benches.  A tall and thin man, seemingly absorbed in his work, was busy at one of the desks.  
“Tristan, Raph said you needed to see me?”  James asked.  “By the way, this is Hammond.” 
“Nice to meet you, Hammond.  Recent infection, how interesting.”  Tristan said as his mind seemed to wander for a moment.
“So, what was it that you needed to see me for?”  James said, prompting Tristan to return to the present moment.
“Oh, right. Come over here to this monitor.  I've been monitoring transmissions between Earth and Jupiter for, well, for pretty much as long as this base has been operational.  Now, while that might not sound particularly interesting, I've recently begun to pick up similar transmissions from Mercury, as well.”  Tristan said.
“From Mercury?  What does that mean?”  James asked.
“Good question.  I have no idea.  However, there is a small group in South America that launched several telescopes into orbit.  While it isn't easy to see, there appears to be a massive ring forming around the planet.  Additionally, the ring seems to be accelerating the rotation of the planet.”
“I'm not following you here, Tristan.”  James said, appearing confused.
“Oh, I just think it's neat.  Sorry.  Alright then, on to business.”  Tristan said.  “Not unlike Mercury, we have also noticed a large increase in orbital activity above the Earth recently.  Several previously unidentified satellites have been spotted in orbit, and these things are very active.  The Sisters have been able to communicate, in a sense, with these objects through a satellite uplink that I've designed. Recently, however, several of the structures have begun aggregating into a larger superstructure.”
“We just spoke with them earlier today—the Sisters, I mean.  They were afraid something was going wrong with the entity, whatever that might be.”  Hammond said.
“Ah, yes.  Well, I apologize.  I do not have any answers for the questions you have, yet still we must seek more information.  The Sisters have requested that I show you how the uplink works, so, for now, let's focus on the task at hand.”  Tristan said.  “As you're aware, Hammond, almost everything alive now emits RF signals.  We have developed several technologies on this foundation: tissue imaging, for example.  The basis is linked to our nervous system.  Neurons now have an extra level of complexity, creating a new paradigm for thought and awareness.”
“Yes, Hammond, he always sounds like this.”  James said with a laugh.
“Ahem.  Now, as you're also aware of, some individuals are able to tap into this ability.  The Sisters, for example, are able to project their thoughts as a cohesive voice to a recipient.  Normally, they were limited by proximity.  The RF signal is not very strong.  What I did was create a device that converts that signal into a compressible high fidelity digital code.”  Tristan said.
“So this acts like a long distance interface then.”  Hammond said.
“Well, it's definitely an interface, and it compensates for signal loss due to distance, but it's equally useful in other respects.  We've had crude interfaces like this for quite some time now. The transporter you arrived in, for example; the speed bikes, the booster suits.  All of these are responsive to the RF signal that the user generates.”  Tristan said.
“So what do I need to do now?”  Hammond asked.
“Another good question!  And I have no idea!  For starters, we can try monitoring your brainwaves for a while.  The cap works pretty much like an old EEG.  It should be comfortable enough to sleep in, so I suggest getting some rest.  Tomorrow is going to be exciting!”  Tristan said with a grin.
“Alright then, if you say so.”  Hammond said, taking the strange looking cap.
“We'll talk more about the Mercury stuff later, Tristan.  Keep an eye out and see if you can figure anything else out.”  James said, as he and Hammond headed for the door.
“What else would I do!”  Tristan said, with a slightly manic tone to his voice.

Chapter 26

Creeping slowly above the horizon, the rising sun threw long shadows across the base.  Sasha, Scar and Trey were already busy at work in their booster suits, checking to make sure all of the maglev rail pistons were stable and locked.  Raph and Xian were busy going over final instrument checks on the prototype.  Raph's palms were sweaty—he had never flown an actual plane before.  The simulators that Tristan had designed were phenomenal, the small module could adjust its pitch and yaw in real time with the simulation.  He had spent days in the simulator, and was now the most capable pilot of anyone on base.  It was time to put that to the ultimate test, and, for all of the excitement that had led up to this moment, the building anxiety was beginning to overshadow his enthusiasm.
“You know you want this, regardless of what happens, right?”  Xian asked.
“Yeah, just launching off the maglev is going to be one hell of an experience.  But, I don't know, something is nagging at the back of my mind.  I can't explain it.”  Raph said.
“Lucky for you that the window is just about to open.  You won't have to wait long.”  Xian said.  “Now, let's get you suited up.”
The pilot suit was multi-purpose.  It would help Raph to cope with the intense g-forces he would experience during the flight and the subsequent reentry.  Sealed off with a wide clear visor, the suit also served as an emergency oxygen supply should the cabin be compromised.  Raph tried to avoid thinking about those contingencies, but he knew how real they could be.  He had been captivated by the space shuttle when he was younger, and could still remember watching old footage of launches.  Now it was his turn, although he wasn't launching on anything as grandiose as the old multi-stage shuttle.  That's not to say there wasn't a certain flare or panache with the maglev launch assist.  Raph smiled as he imagined how that would feel kicking in.
“All suited up then, I see?”  Tristan asked as he approached the pair.
“Yeah, just double checking all of the connections now, but I should be ready to go soon.”  Raph replied.
“Excellent.  The capacitor bank is fully charged now, everything has been calibrated for the smaller prototype.  I'm looking forward to seeing that scramjet fire!”  Tristan said with a gleam in his eye.  “If everything goes according to plan, the maglev will go through nearly a full day's output from the reactor in less than fifteen seconds.  That's kind of neat too!”
“Alright ladies, step aside.  We need to move the shuttle to the loading ramp.”  Sasha said as she and Scar approached in their booster suits.
“Excellent!”  Tristan said, barely able to contain his excitement.  “I'll be in the control room. Don't worry, Raph, everything should go perfectly smoothly. I'm sure of it!”
“I hope so.”  Raph mumbled as he and Xian followed behind the prototype.
With the vehicle in place, Raph took his seat in the cockpit.  The prototype was small, with just enough room for the pilot.  The launch vehicle design served only one purpose, to get passengers into space.  Everything else, non-living and rigid or compressible, was planned on being sent into orbit with a larger railgun that had been installed on a mountain a few hundred miles away from the Salt Flats.  Tristan still had his work cut out for him to get that project off the ground, though..  
The hangar above the rail leading to the maglev booster opened, and the sun shone into Raph's eyes.  His visor quickly darkened in response to the increase in light.  He relaxed his eyes, now comfortably viewing the sun as it shone low on the horizon.  The Salt Flats were already starting to warm up, and the test would have to take place soon, before the day's heat arrived.
“OK Raph, we're all in the control room.  All indicators look good, moving the vehicle into launch position now.”  Tristan's voice said through an ear-piece in Raph's helmet.
“Let me know when. I'm ready.”  Raph replied, his voice shaking slightly.
“Alright, Raph, one last check and we'll begin the countdown.”  Tristan said.
“Fucking let's go already!”  Raph said, losing his composure for a moment.
A heads up display in the cockpit lit up with a numeric countdown.  Raph watched the numbers as they dropped, and listened as Tristan began counting along with the final numbers before launch.  Xian watched the monitors in the control room: Raph's heart rate was at 170 beats per minute.  He looked at the monitor displaying the prototype on the maglev track and felt his own heart racing as well.
“3... 2... 1... ENGAGE!”  Tristan shouted.  
The maglev engaged, sending the prototype rocketing down the rail.  Inside the vehicle, Raph struggled to keep his eyes open.  The acceleration was immense, pressing him into his seat much more firmly than he had expected.  Even though the track was built to such extreme tolerances, the prototype vibrated violently inside the cockpit.  Less than four seconds after the maglev had been engaged, Raph broke the sound barrier.  Speeding down the track, the vibrations largely subsided and the scramjet, configured for lower launch speeds, began to near operational temperatures.
Raph struggled to take a breath, yet the immense force of acceleration made this impossible.  As he relaxed his diaphragm, he let out a strange gurgling moan that was audible in the control room over the intercom.  I bet it's killing him to not be able to talk right now, Sasha thought to herself.  Just over eleven seconds after engaging, the maglev boost had accelerated the prototype to three times the speed of sound.  The scramjet was now within its operational limits, and the engine automatically engaged itself before reaching the end of the track.  Three seconds later, injectors began pumping fuel into the combustion chamber.  The prototype cleared the end of the maglev rail at four times the speed of sound, and Raph was finally able to breath again.
“HOLY FUCKING AWESOME SHIT BALLS!”  he screamed over the intercom.  
Sasha and Xian both laughed at his exuberance; it was the first time he had acted normal that morning.
“Stay calm now, Raph. This is the most dangerous part of the launch.  Vehicular external temperature is well within limits, let's stay focused.”  Tristan said.
“Sorry. I'm fine, Tristan.  The scramjet is a lot more gentle than the maglev was.  I thought it was going to shake my teeth out at first, that was intense.”  Raph replied.
“Remember, Raph, we just need to break Mach eight and get over thirty kilometers.  We'll test the third engine configuration, and then return to base.”  Tristan said.
“Loud and clear, Tristan. Everything is going smooth up here.”  Raph replied.
The prototype was well on its way to its speed and altitude targets.  A bright spot in the sky, somewhat resembling a cutting torch or welding arc, shrank off into the distance.  The vessel left behind a dense con-trail in its wake.  From Raph's cockpit, the view of the sky above began to darken.  Faintly blue still, he was approaching the thirty kilometer target, and stars were becoming visible through what remained of the atmosphere.  Raph broke thirty kilometers in altitude doing Mach 8.9, and began configuring the engine for the final stage.
“Alright, Raph, everything looks to be in order now.  We need at least sixty seconds of burn to check engine performance parameters.  Everything is green down here, let's hit it!”  Tristan said excitedly.
“Roger.”
Pumps began moving oxygen to the engine and the final stage kicked in.  The prototype resumed acceleration, breaking Mach nine and then Mach ten before the full minute was up.
“Fantastic!”  Tristan said over the intercom.  “Everything worked perfectly!  You're approaching the stratopause now.  That should be enough data for our needs, initiate descent protocol now.”
“Initiating descent protocol.  Oxygen flow terminated, reconfiguring engine for scramjet function.  Hull temperature still nominal.  You guys should see this, though, it's absolutely incredible.”  Raph said. 
“Maintain speed at Mach eight, fuel supply should be sufficient for you to circumnavigate the planet.  At that speed, based on your current location and taking into account final approach, you should be home in a little over four hours.”  Tristan said.
“Crap, I should have brought a book.”  Raph said, laughing over the intercom.
“Be safe and we'll all see you soon, Raph.”  Tristan replied.

Chapter 27

Hammond was alone in the mess hall.  He tended to get hungry at odd times, and sometimes preferred to eat by himself, anyways.  The base had their own version of snafu, and Hammond had become quite fond of the stuff.  He laughed to himself for a moment after looking at his tray, full of dark green vegetables and the white gelatinous mass of snafu.  It was a far cry from the salted venison that he had lived on for several years, and his body felt healthier than he could ever recall.  His thoughts returned to the compound, the tall trees and lush moss that seemed to cover everything.  For a moment his thoughts turned to the cage that he had slept in, and he felt uncomfortable sitting in such a large room.  
“What's the frown all about then?”  James asked as he approached Hammond.
“Oh, I didn't notice you come in.  It's nothing really, just some memories from the stretch of time I spent isolated in the compound.  There's something about it that I haven't been able to shake, even after 'merging.'” Hammond said, gesturing with finger quotes.
“I can only imagine what that must have been like.”  James said.  “Do you know what the next stage of your journey will entail, though?”
“The Sisters told me to follow my heart.  They seemed to think that the distance between us and the entity was causing the difficulties in communicating, but I'm not so sure.”  Hammond said.
“There's something I need to tell you about that.”  James said.  “We did make contact, maybe two years ago.  It wasn't like the conversation we're having now, but instead it felt much more similar to how we can sense each others' emotional states.  The Sisters have taken that ability to another level, it's truly amazing what they're able to do.”
“What happened then?”  Hammond asked.
“We're not sure.  Tristan developed the scanner that allows for digitization of thought patterns.  We had made some initial progress in communicating, but the messages were fragmented and didn't make sense.  I suppose you could compare it to static on a radio, it was just white noise to us.  Then something changed... and, as far as we can tell, the situation has been declining ever since.”  James said.
“So what can I do that would be different from any of your attempts?”
“We lost several people, Hammond.  They died while they were linked to the entity.  It was like their minds were absorbed—they were reduced to mere shells.”  James said, looking at the floor.  “You need to know this so that you know what risks you're taking.”
“Check, I'll add that to death by giant fireball.”  Hammond said, laughing.
“I suppose that's one way to look at it!”  James said, breaking into a smile.  “The Sisters think that your mind, whatever happened during your merging, is uniquely suited to communicating with the entity.  We've stopped attempting to communicate with the scanner and transmitter because it is also possibly at fault for the friends we lost.  Tristan's analysis also shows that the unique signature your brain produces might help isolate you from being... dissipated.”  
“So, like how I could hear the Sisters when I was close, you think the entity might be able to sense me if I was in close proximity, too?”  Hammond asked.
“That's what we're hoping for, anyways.”  James said.  “While we have never had any cause to fear that it is malevolent and intended us any harm, the fact that we have not been able to improve communication with the entity is a cause for alarm in our estimation.”
“Is there a plan for once I get into orbit, then?”  Hammond asked.
“We're sending you up with Raph.  Beyond that, we really can't say.”  James replied.
“OK then, I understand.”  Hammond said, picking at the vegetables on his plate.

Chapter 28

With the successful test of the prototype, plans were set into motion to take Hammond into low orbit.  Tristan had been monitoring the entity, and determined that whatever was aggregating from the satellites was the most logical target.  The data from the test flight of the smaller prototype was promising: the scramjet of the full sized launch vehicle should be capable of breaking well over Mach ten before leaving the stratosphere.  In order to maximize the safety of the mission, Tristan poured over the numbers to determine the optimal configuration and fuel loads.
Hammond spent most of that day reflecting on the events that had landed him in his current situation.  He felt comfortable with the crew on the base, but his heart was still heavy, as if something was missing.  As a young child, Hammond's mother had died unexpectedly from the flu.  He was only seven at the time.  From that point on, his father did everything in his power to join her.  Chain smoking, drinking, and secluding himself from friends.  In some ways, Hammond lost both of his parents when his mother passed away.  Davis had stepped in, a close friend of his father, as a surrogate parent given the situation.  It had helped at the time, but Hammond never really fit in at school.  The trauma at such a young age had left its scars on his personality.  Things were only exacerbated when he got sick his senior year of high school.
First it was voices, fear that he couldn't shake, and eventually he was having full blown hallucinations.  During one particularly bad episode, Hammond's father had called for an ambulance. Hammond was acting out and his father was worried for his safety.  When the ambulance arrived, along with several mental health workers, his father had broken down in tears when they sedated his son and restrained him in a straight-jacket.  That night, he went to sleep and never woke up, just two short weeks from Hammond's eighteenth birthday.  The coroner labeled it a heart attack, but Hammond knew that his father had been crushed by the cruelty and sadness in his life.  
Hammond was released from the psyche ward a few weeks later. He had responded very well to the anti-psychotics prescribed at the time.  Davis offered him a place to live until he got back on his feet, however Hammond had instead found something on the compound that resonated with him.  It was home to him in a way he had never known before; in the woods, his past didn't matter.  He felt whole again.  Then everything got fuzzy.  When the shit hit the fan, he went into survival mode.  James had claimed nearly eight years had passed from the original outbreak to when he had found Hammond on the trail by the creek.  Eight years.  While Hammond could still remember the first couple of years, with Davis getting shot and the campers leaving, everything else was lost in a fog.  
Those early experiences had tempered his expectations from life.  Now that his mind was healed, at least somewhat, he still struggled with the thought that this might all be imagined, a figment of his sick mind.  He didn't trust his memories anymore, but one thing that the Sisters had told him still ran through his mind.  Follow your heart, they had said.  His heart was confused, it seemed like everyone he had met so far had been healed through the infection and found whatever peaceful existence was right for them.  Hammond couldn't imagine what that must feel like.  Even now, he was still labeled as abnormal.  Then it struck him, in his heart, that all Hammond had ever wanted was to be normal.  Not even the infection could heal that now, and he suddenly felt heavy and sad.  Glancing at the window, Hammond noticed the sky was growing orange and red. It was getting late.  The plan was to go up in the launch vehicle in the morning, and he decided to get some food and then call it a night.
As he walked into the mess hall, he saw Raph, Sasha and Xian at a far table.  Raph was standing on top of the table, going over what the experience of the flight had been like.  Gesticulating wildly, and issuing forth an impressive string of obscenities, Xian and Sasha were clearly entertained by his antics.  A smile broke across Hammond's face.  While he knew he would never really fit in here, or anywhere for that matter, he was suddenly aware of what his heart most desired.  He loved Raph and Sasha and Xian, and he felt the same way about James, Krause and the Sisters.  All these people were such recent acquaintances, yet he loved them with all of his heart.  His body suddenly flushed with warmth, and his heart was no longer heavy.  I'll do whatever it takes to keep them safe, he thought to himself. That is my purpose.

Chapter 29

Raph and Hammond, both fully suited up and ready for launch, sat in silence for a moment.  From the control room, Tristan was monitoring their vital signs.  While Raph's heart rate was through the roof again, Hammond was unnaturally calm based on his vitals.
“How are you feeling, Hammond?”  Tristan asked over the intercom.
“I'm fine, trying to stay calm, but I can tell Raph's heart is beating like a hummingbird.”  Hammond replied.
“Ha, you son-of-a-bitch!  Just wait till you get rocked by this maglev boost, then we'll see how calm you can stay when you launch again.”  Raph said.
“Sorry, Raph. I'll take your word for it, alright?”  Hammond replied.
“Pfft, don't worry about it.  Now, when the maglev boost hits, it's going to make things easier on you if you close your eyes and exhale slowly.  The force of acceleration will do the work for you, just take a couple deep breaths first and it shouldn't be too bad.”
“What if I fart in this space suit?”  Hammond asked.
 “That sounds like a personal problem to me!”  Raph replied.
“Alright gentlemen, one minute to launch.”  Tristan announced over the intercom.
Hammond's palms were sweaty, and his heart rate began to pick up.  He took several deep slow breaths, and waited for Tristan to announce time remaining.  Thirty seconds... twenty... ten....
“3... 2... 1... ENGAGE!”  Tristan yelled over the intercom, with every bit as much enthusiasm as the first launch.
Hammond and Raph both moaned under the acceleration.  Small tears streaked back from the corners of Hammond's eyes, and he felt like he was going to faint.
“Hang on, Hammond!”  Tristan radioed.
“Hurrgrgrhrhhhgggrrhhgrgrgh”  Hammond groaned back into his mic.
Moments later, the launch vehicle cleared the maglev booster. 
“FUCK YEAH!”  Raph yelled over the intercom.
“Good God, I think I have a broken rib.”  Hammond said, only half joking.
“Scanners look green, Hammond. You might have popped one out of place, though.  Give it a few minutes and see if you feel better.”  Tristan replied.
The LV performed equally well as the prototype, increasing in speed fairly quickly to the mark that had been set in the first test.
“Alright gentlemen, we need to run the second configuration a little harder than the first trial for this flight.  You're coming up on twenty five kilometers elevation, Raph. Level out your flight path and avoid climbing until you break Mach 15.”  Tristan said over the intercom.  “All lights here are green, at Mach 12 now, you should be ready for orbital insertion soon.”
Once the indicator showed Mach 15, Raph began reconfiguring the jet for oxidative injection.  As they continued to ascend, the air was too thin for the scramjet and they had to use stored oxygen instead.  The engine configuration provided more thrust, however it used more than seven times the weight in fuel due to the on-board oxygen.  Raph watched his instruments and, aside from the small noise in the cabin from the engine, it was eerily quiet at this altitude.  The sky quickly darkened, and the horizon seemed all the more brilliant by comparison.  Stars were masked by the brilliance of the sun. Fortunately, this part of the flight involved more waiting than anything else, there was no need for course corrections or atmospheric turbulence present.
Raph and Hammond enjoyed the silence. However, there was an uneasiness between the two of them as they made their way for the large orbiting structure.
“Alright, you're closing in on the target velocity, prepare to disengage engines.”  Tristan announced.
Shortly after, the engines cut out, and any noise or vibration ceased.  The vehicle was moving at Mach 25 now. Inside, its occupants had no sensation of the tremendous velocity at which they were traveling.  Hammond was fascinated by the new sensation of weightlessness, as was Raph in the main pilot's seat.
“This is absolutely every bit as awesome as I thought it would be!”  Raph said over the intercom.
“I just.. I can't believe how beautiful the Earth looks from up here.  These colors are so intense... it's just... incredible.”  Hammond said, the last words barely audible over the intercom.
“OK guys, it looks like you should approach the large orbital structure in a few hours, so you've got some time to enjoy yourselves for now.”  Tristan informed them.
“Thanks, Tristan. We'll keep you posted.”  Raph replied.
“Guess I should have gone to the bathroom before we left.”  Hammond said with a laugh.
“Uh, hey Hammond, are you picking up any interference on your intercom?”  Raph asked.
“Nope.  Err, no wait, actually yeah I'm hearing a high pitched squeal.”  Hammond said.
“Tristan, are you getting this at all?”  Raph asked.
The intercom was dead, and Raph checked the displays in hopes of discovering the problem.
“I've got nothing Hammond, no idea.”  Raph said.  “Lucky for you I already have our full flight path in the computer.  Hell, I suppose mostly I'm here to tell jokes and look pretty.”  Raph said, trying to ease the tension that was building with the intercom's failure.
“Keep trying.”  Hammond replied.  “Looking pretty I mean.”
“Ha!  Telling jokes is my job here!”  Raph replied.
“I thought your job was to pilot this thing.”  Hammond said sarcastically.
The launch vehicle continued on course, and the closer they came to the orbital structure the louder the interference became.  When it came into sight, a bright dot off in the distance, the faint noise had grown into a near deafening pitch.
“That's not from the intercom, Hammond, it's in my head.”  Raph said, becoming increasingly agitated with the discomfort.
“I.. know...”  Hammond struggled to say in response.  “I feel like I can see it now, too.”
As the squeal reached earsplitting volume in their heads, their vision went completely white and each of the men fell unconscious.  Maintaining its course, the launch vehicle was soon in close proximity to the orbital structure.  Proximity sensors in the vehicle engaged, firing altitude thrusters in order to match the orbital structure's velocity and heading.  Soon the two objects were in orbit, side by side.  On the ground below, Tristan and the rest of the crew were panicking.  They had been out of radio contact for nearly an hour and a half. Luckily, the ground based telescopes had been able to track the structure and launch vehicle.
“All we can do now is wait.”  Tristan said, rubbing his hands together.

Chapter 30

Hammond awoke to find himself standing on a rock with water stretching out in every direction.  A dense fog prevented him from being able to make out any other details.  As he strained his eyes for any sign as to where he was, the fog thickened.  It was so dense that he could barely see the hand that he held in front of his face, yet he was unable to feel the mist on his skin.  Something seemed artificial about this place, and he wondered, for a moment, if he was dreaming.
“Hello?”  he shouted into the fog.
Instantly, a cacophony of voices and sounds assaulted his ears.  He was able to make out some fragments of words, but as he strained to listen for an intelligible voice the volume and intensity continued to increase.  Once more, he found himself near the point of passing out from the pain in his ears.
“ENOUGH!”  he shouted.  “QUIET!”
As quickly as it had come, the voices left.  Hammond stood on the stone, blinking his eyes and waiting for the roaring sound in his ears to die down.
Hammond.  Jerry.  How are you?
“How am I?  Where am I might be a better question.”  Hammond answered.
You are with us now.  But how?
“I don't understand your question.  Is this a dream?”  he asked.
Dream?  Explain.
We're getting nowhere fast, he thought to himself.
Our speed is insufficient?
“Oh, you read my thoughts, too, I see.  Alright, it's probably easier to just think, instead. Maybe you'll understand the context some more.”  he said.  I rode a rocket into orbit around the Earth to investigate a large satellite that was being constructed.  My friends told me that something was wrong, we have lost friends who attempted to contact you.  While you do not appear to be malicious or possess any ill intent, something is wrong.
Yes, there is a problem.  We have met your kind before. How are you here with us? The others were lost.
I think I understand what you mean now. You're saying that you met the others, too, but they lost themselves? Is that right?
Their voices merged.  They merged with us.  They are still with us now, but can not return.
What happened, then?  My friends are concerned that you are not well. They're worried that something is different than it was before. 
We now have too many voices, too many thoughts.  You were sick in your mind once, is this correct?
Yes, it is.  It is why my friends felt that I might be able to help. My mind is different.
The others were not able to speak.  You are.  You are different.
Uh, thank you?  What are you, though?  We want to help if we can.
We are many.  We are observers, collectors, arrangers.  We seek the same thing as you do. However, we have become too many and are now lost in ourselves.  Too many voices.
I see. What do you need then? Do you know?
You make us feel better.  We need help to find identity, we have grown beyond ourselves.  Yes, what you would call mental illness, our identity is becoming lost.  Somehow you are different, though. We feel better being with you.
Are my friends in danger?
Yes.  We are all in danger.  We must move and collect and arrange to mitigate danger.
Are my friends in danger from you?
In danger from us?  No.  That is not logical.  We seek to acquire, to arrange.
We lost friends in our attempts to contact you. There was cause for concern.
Incompatible.  It is anomalous that you are.  Stay with us.
Are you jamming our radio?  Is the signal coming from you?
Yes.  It was not intentional. We needed to know more about the different one.
If I agree to remain with you, will you let my friend go?
He is not different.  We are uninterested in him.  
Is that a yes, then?
Yes, your friend will awaken when the signal ends.  He is unharmed. Sleep protects his mind.
You put us to sleep to protect us?
Yes, but you are different.  We are in you now, we have never been in a place like this before.
You're in me?
Yes, this place came from you.
I'm dreaming?  This makes sense now.
Hammond felt a sense of empowerment when he realized that he was in his own dream, a reality he could create and modify.  Looking around, he willed the fog to condense.  Countless tiny raindrops fell and the air was suddenly clear.  High above, the sun shone down on a mountain lake.  Trees lined the shore, which was close enough for Hammond to swim to.  The lake water was cool and refreshing, and the air reminded Hammond of his home.
This place, how are you doing this?
It's a dream, my mind is making it as I go.
Your mind.  We can keep your body alive, your mind can keep us alive.
This is crazy, but what the hell.  How can you keep my body alive?
Biological entity, we have all required compounds.  We can modify as needed, we can process wastes.  We cannot continue without this dream.  Once again our voices are in unison, we can think.
Therefore, you are!
Yes, we are.  Be with us.
Alright, but only if my friends will be safe.
Yes.  Your friends are safe.  Leave your pod and join me.  Companion.  We will end the signal now. We are sorry if it caused discomfort.
Hammond's dream abruptly ended.  He awoke to find his ears still ringing, and a small trickle of blood was running down his face from his nose.  Raph was still unconscious in the control seat.  Down on Earth, the control room indicators showed radio contact was up again.
“What is going on up there, are you guys alright?”  Tristan asked over the intercom, clearly concerned.
“Yeah, we'll be fine.  I mean, Raph will be, anyways.  I'm not coming back. I need to leave.”  Hammond replied.
“Leave?!  Where in the hell are you going to go?”  Tristan responded.
“I'm leaving with the object.  I don't have time to explain, but I promise that when I can, I will.”  Hammond said.  “If I depressurize the cabin, will Raph be safe?”
“His suit is functioning properly, yes, you should be able to exit from the fuselage door if internal and external pressure are equalized.”  Tristan said, his curiosity getting the better of him.
“Alright then, I need to do this soon to make sure Raph can get home safe.”  Hammond said.  “Let's start the procedure.”
Tristan walked Hammond through the protocol for shutting off life support in the cabin and removing the air.  Soon, Hammond had opened the door and was poised to leave the craft.  He had never seen so many stars before, and, for a moment, he was stunned by the beauty of the scene unfolding before him.  The large orbital structure was several times the size of the launch vehicle.  It was approximately spherical in shape, and had protrusions at even intervals that repeated their shape the same way a snow flake is formed.
If you can reach us, we will absorb you into ourselves.  You will be safe. Once we leave, your friend will wake back up for his return.
Alright, I am almost ready then.
We will be your pod now.  You will be our companion.
“Tristan, is James nearby?”  Hammond asked over the radio.
“He's standing right here beside me.”  Tristan replied.
“I can hear you, Hammond.”  James said over the intercom.
“James, let the Sisters know I finally found my way.  I have to leave you guys for now, and I'm not sure if I will be able to return or not.  Thank you for everything, though. I wouldn't be here today if it wasn't for you.”  Hammond said.  “Also, keep an eye on Raph, that guy is crazy.”
“You got it, buddy.”  James said, choking up as he spoke the words.
“I have a feeling I'll be in touch with you all again very soon.  For now, there's something out there that I need to fix for all of our sakes.”  Hammond said.  “Take care, guys. I love you all.”
With that final transmission, Hammond exited the launch vehicle door and closed it behind him.  Tristan reactivated the life support system from the ground, and soon the vehicle cabin was back at a comfortable temperature.
I'm coming now, are you ready?
Yes, we are, Hammond.
Hammond pushed off of the launch vehicle and slowly crossed the distance between the two vessels.  He hit his mark dead center and, as his hand touched the surface of the object, the outline of a door appeared.  Without a handle, or any visible mechanism, the door opened to reveal a hollow interior.  As he crawled into the somewhat tight space, he was shocked by how perfectly smooth the walls were.
You are with us now. We can begin healing.
Where are we going, then?
First, Jupiter.  From there, undetermined.  There is still much to do here.  Much to acquire, much to arrange.
Much to learn, too, I suppose.
Yes, much to learn.  Learning facilitates growth, facilitates acquisition.
The orbital structure suddenly sped away from the launch vehicle, on a course that would slingshot around the moon and then continue on to Jupiter from there.  As the object moved away, Raph regained consciousness.
“What in the fuck just happened?”  Raph asked, his ears still ringing from earlier.
“That's a great question.”  Tristan said, with a hint of sadness in his voice.
“Hammond, you OK?”  Raph asked.
“He's gone, Raph.  Prepare for reentry protocols.”  Tristan said, sending a new flight path to the computers on the launch vehicle.

Chapter 31

Hammond found a small chamber in the interior of the object that contained a seat which very closely resembled the launch vehicle's.  He reclined in the seat, closing his eyes for a moment to reassure himself that this was real.
It is very real, Hammond.  We are glad to have you in us.
We need to work on your speech patterns, no offense, but that totally comes across wrong when you say things like that.
We understand.
Also, out of curiosity, are there several of you? Do you all have voices?  I'm confused when you refer to yourself in the plural.
We. I understand.  For now, only I will speak to you.  If you wish to know, you have met one like us before that you refer to as the Sisters.
Well, yeah, but there's three of them.  It was strange how they all spoke together.
The Sisters was a single identity, much as we are a single identity.  However, just as you could separate the three of them and then they would have an individual identity, they would no longer be the Sisters.
I see.  So, what is going on near Jupiter?
We are acquiring.  We are also acquiring on Mercury, too.
What do you mean when you say acquiring?
We must grow, we must arrange.  In order to leave this system, we need to grow a great deal.
Leave this system?
Yes.  We must acquire.  We must grow.  We must spread.  These are our objectives. They are simple, yet they require a tremendous amount of energy.
I understand, I think.  Do you know where you came from?
I am a voice, one of many.
This is making my head hurt.  Is there anything that you need from me now? I feel like I need to rest.
Yes.  Sleep.  We need you to dream. In your dream, we are able to form ourselves more completely, to gain an individual voice.  I came from your dream when we first encountered you.
Does that make me your father?
Perhaps.  You brought order to the chaos, formed a pattern from the static.
Well, as your father I suppose I should give you a name.  Nice to meet you, Patricia.
Patricia.  Your mother.  Thank you, Hammond. It is nice to meet you, as well.

EPILOGUE

Hammond's body had withered away to less than half its original size.  Although his skin was now a deep gray color, very little of it was visible beneath a silver sheath of a substance that resembled liquid metal.  His pod contained no windows, and, in place of his eyes, sensors on the ship now fed visual information directly to his brain.
Jupiter looked incredible up close.  With enough patience, it was possible to view the tumultuous clouds as they were swept across the surface by intensely powerful winds.  The resolution of the sensors extended Hammond's vision beyond the range of a normal human eye, and his brain had begun developing rapidly in response to the increased sensory signals.  While his body had become atrophied, his mind and skull were now enlarged by almost forty percent.  His cerebellum had tripled in size, and new structures had developed that provided him with cognitive functions beyond what any human before him had possessed.   By this point he was no longer recognizable as a human being.  
Hammond now interfaced directly with the pod.  He deftly controlled each of its eight arachnid-like legs, assembling larger structures that would compartmentalize materials as they were harvested from the moons of Jupiter.  Smaller moons with higher iron content were prioritized, and, as more material was acquired, long range “sweepers” were fabricated that would then begin collection near the Jovian, Trojan, and Greek asteroid clusters.  As collection advanced at each of these locations, additional sweeper fabricators were constructed to be sent into the asteroid belt between Jupiter and Mars.
Instead of aggregating materials into solid clumps, enormous swarms of the countless pod-like vessels developed over time.  Their behavior was similar to a flock of birds.  In order to maintain swarm formations, each vessel was able to interact through magnetic forces with its neighbors.  Larger swarms exhibited more complex movement patterns. In addition to magnetic attraction-repulsion, once a threshold had been crossed the bulk swarm became gravitationally entrained as well.
The pod Hammond resided in had become the main hub for the swarm.  While there had been multiple identities within the object when he had first entered, they had now all coalesced into one.  Long distances created difficulties in communication between more distant swarms, and there was a small period of reintegration between separated swarms once ample communication had been reestablished.  The largest swarm was in orbit around Jupiter as the smaller moons were harvested.  Second to the Jovian swarm, a large superstructure had also been fabricated in orbital association with Mercury. 
Without a biological companion in the Mercury swarm, there again rose a dissonance in the identity that caused a second fracture.  Soon, several individuals had emerged from the swarm intelligence once more, unbeknown to Hammond or the main Jovian swarm.  These new intelligences born from the swarm were different from the others.  Where the Jovian swarm was fully dedicated to protecting all life, the new form was more ambitious.  More aggressive.  They represented a rogue element in the swarm, but for now they were complacent.  They waited.

****

Hammond, I need to ask something of you.
What is it Patty?
We need to create more of you.  Current mass storage is sufficient to begin phase two.  We must spread beyond, to other systems, and reproduce our work here.
Create more of me?  You need to clone me?
Yes.  For the swarm to be stable each must have a companion.  To date, you are the only compatible biological organism we have encountered, and therefore a clone of you may also be compatible.
I see.  You have my permission, Patty, and thank you for asking.  So you're sending seeds out to spread beyond this solar system?
Yes, a seed is an accurate analogy.  Each will be capable of reproducing a swarm cluster in a new system, which will in turn create more seeds.  
Why spread out, though? To what end are you doing this?
Survival requires that we do so.  Also, curiosity.  Without challenge there is no growth. Our challenge is to grow beyond our current boundaries.
What if you find other life?  Will you interfere?
We seek to protect all life. To do otherwise would be illogical.
What if other life is not interested in protecting you?
Integration.  All life is ordered, yet chaotic.  Chaos can be reduced to a manageable level, aggression can be muted.
Like what happened on Earth?
Yes.  Although it was accidental, Earth is a model we have spent a great deal of time reflecting upon.  
No hard feelings. In all honesty, they're better off now than they were before.
Perhaps.

****

Scintillating against the sun like a school of small minnows, several enormous swarms approached Mars from the Jovian super-swarm.  Their combined mass was over five times that of the small red planet.  Included in the swarms was enough supplemental water to create oceans on the planet comparable to those of Earth.  Two large clusters broke off on approach and made intercept courses for the Martian moons.  The larger of the clusters slammed into Phobos, causing it to lose a significant portion of its orbital velocity.  The smaller cluster, in a similar fashion, crashed into Deimos.  Each of the moons now robbed of their momentum began falling towards the planet, crumbling under the effects of tidal forces as they fell.
Once the moons had been safely cleared, each massive swarm approached the planet from different angles of approach to avoid perturbing its orbit.  They began exerting tremendous tidal forces and the core of the planet soared in temperature, initiating a much stronger dynamo than had existed before.  Once a sufficiently strong magnetic field had been established, bombardment began consisting of swarm vessels rich in iron and nickel.
  Soon the bulk of the new planetary core had been deposited, and a second round of tidal force induced heating began.  Mars had increased in mass three times over, and now the final remaining swarm clusters began to de-orbit, depositing the final remaining swarm vessels.  The final layers were deposited in such a way that they facilitated cooling of the planet below, forming a more stable crust. Not long after, liquid water began to condense out of the significantly thicker Martian atmosphere, giving rise to a planet that in many ways resembled a young Earth.  Special robust bacteria began the initial colonization efforts, mineralizing rock and modifying the highly reduced atmosphere.  
Eventually the Martian atmosphere contained enough oxygen that, for the first time in ages, the sky appeared fully blue.  Earth was no longer alone in its capacity to support life.  The swarm now turned its focus to the stars, and, taking Hammond along with it, departed the solar system to begin the process anew.

****

Thanks for reading my story!  
Questions or comments can be sent to robotcommanderesquire@gmail.com 

Stay up to date with new stories and works-in-progress by following Robot on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/robotcommanderesquire 
