


THE LEGEND OF CALIBAN

PART 1

“Fall from Grace”

By
Parker James

****** Ӝ ******


ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any form or means without the written permission of the author, except in cases of brief quotation.



Smashwords Edition
Copyright © by Parker James 2013
ISBN #: 9781310426247
Published by Parker James

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



TABLE OF CONTENTS


INTRODUCTION
FROM THE ANCIENT ARCADIAN TEXTS
PROLOGUE
EPISODE 1: “Council of Twelve”
EPISODE 2: “A Prince Born”
EPISODE 3: “Treachery Afoot”
EPISODE 4: “Foundling”
EPILOGUE
GLOSSARY
FROM THE AUTHOR
ADDITIONAL WORKS



INTRODUCTION


One thousand years ago the Arcadian race had come to Earth from the outer reaches of the galaxy. Their sun was dying, and so too would planet Arcadia. Knowing this, over the course of time they built great skyships able to traverse the darkest reaches of the universe, planet Earth merely having been chosen as a stopping point on the path to a longer journey; an uninhabited planet charted long ago that could support Arcadian life and thus enable them to start anew. Yet during the Arcadians’ journey through the stars, they arrived only to find Earth completely devastated and nearly devoid of life. And so, finding themselves stranded and unable to resupply their vessels, they had little choice other than to remain. Gradually, the humans below who survived slowly began to regain a foothold and reestablished their civilization, yet it resembled nothing as it once had. Believing those above living in their cities in the skies must be Gods, the humans worshipped them and gave penance for the sins committed by those who had come before.



FROM THE ANCIENT ARCADIAN TEXTS


“On A Distant Planet

And Distant Shores

A Future King

Shall Fall From Grace”



PROLOGUE

Earth - Millennia After The Great War


For nearly ten earth-cycles Hedron had ruled the Council of Twelve, and as supreme leader of the Arcadians was afforded the title of King, yet only at the behest of the other Lords. Of the twelve skyships remaining within the fleet, Skyship Arcadia was the largest of all and most heavily fortified. Where once there had been fifty vessels, after a century of warring amongst themselves over scarce resources only twelve now remained. A compromise had finally been reached, and none too soon, lasting nearly nine hundred cycles. Twice each cycle the Council met aboard the Royal Skyship to discuss matters of importance, most notably the crop offerings from the humans on the surface below. They thought them Gods, the human culture nearly reverting back in time two thousand years; most of their history and technology lost. Theirs was a tribal society, and although the language of the Earthers largely remained intact, much had also changed. So King Hedron once again became gracious host.



EPISODE 1: “Council of Twelve”


King Hedron rose to address the Council as he had done many times before, and as was the custom he spoke in the language of the Earthers.
“Honored members of the Council of Twelve, once again I rise to speak before you to discuss matters of importance. One thousand years ago we came to this world as refugees, escaping our own dying planet and certain demise. Yet upon our arrival we discovered a planet devastated by war, with few inhabitants remaining. And so we too warred amongst ourselves, fighting over the precious resources required to sustain our people and our vessels. But now there is lasting peace among us, and I repeat these words so we never forget that in our darkest hour an alliance was forged after great loss of life. For centuries this peace has lasted, and our limited relationship with the inhabitants of this planet continues as it has for these many centuries as well. We have been able to continue to mine their abandoned cities for the precious resources needed to maintain our skysips, and so too do we allow our brother humans to continue in their belief that we are to be worshiped. Their annual crop offerings have been of great benefit, allowing us to sustain ourselves and our alliance. This cycle I am again pleased to inform you that our scouting forces have determined that their crops are sufficient to satisfy our needs as well as their own. The areas of this planet that were destroyed in their war continue to recover, but as of yet are not at a point of habitability. The humans still avoid these areas, forbidden to them as their legends dictate. In conclusion, in light of the fact that this cycle’s crops will once again be sufficient to maintain our people’s needs, accordingly we shall allow those below to continue in their misguided beliefs for their own benefit and our passive guidance. That being said, this meeting is now open to general discussion and airing of grievances for all members of the Council of Twelve.”
Lord Malik was the first to rise, King Hedron having come to expect no less from his long-time nemesis. As former King and leader of the Council of Twelve, he’d been a thorn in Hedron’s side for nearly a decade, wishing nothing more than to regain control of the Council which thus afforded him status and power but more importantly absolute control over their combined military forces. Despite their extremely advanced technology, the Arcadian society was a feudal one, and although Hedron was advancing in years, he was still vigorous and Malik would stop at nothing to regain his once lofty position prior to his ouster by ruling of the Council. With the continued support of the majority of the Council, Hedron wasn’t going anywhere in the foreseeable future and in-fact had recently remarried a second time, soon to once again bring another child into this world; a boy. His first two children were lost many cycles ago in a terrible tragedy around the time of his initial advancement, and by birthright this yet unborn son would succeed Hedron as Lord of Skyship Arcadia, and should the Council wish it, perhaps even one day King.
“King Hedron, you speak of the humans, yet you do not speak as to whether or not they pose a threat to us. Would you kindly address this very important issue?” Malik asked in a tone that could only be construed as accusatory.
Hedron was surprised at such a question, yet answered respectfully despite their long-standing mutual dislike for one another. Of all things, Hedron took the continued survival of his race in nothing other than a serious and thoughtful manner. Measured in his decisions, and by so doing Hedron provided all Arcadians a fatherly sense of guidance and stability, greatly admired and respected by all of his subjects. At times he thought if Lord Malik had his way, he would just assume exterminate all of the humans below and seize complete control of the planet just for the sake of it. The unfortunate aspect was that Malik wasn’t alone in that thought; other members of the Council were like-minded in their opinion of the humans and they too advocated seizure of the planet surface by whatever means necessary. Should that actually come to pass, the humans wouldn’t have a chance.
“Lord Malik, the humans continue in a state of limited technology as we are all well aware. They pose no threat to us whatsoever, nor do they at any time in the foreseeable future. Perhaps one day they shall begin to regain their knowledge and technology, yet the relatively few hundred thousand who currently remain are scattered throughout the planet below and continue to live in a primarily agrarian state. Should they one day regain the knowledge lost to them and their numbers increase, it would not be instantaneous and most certainly for future Arcadian generations to deal with long after we’re gone. Perhaps at that time our race will make our presence known for who we truly are, with the sincere hope of establishing a mutually beneficial alliance between our two peoples.”
“Yet King Hedron does not speak to their aggressive nature as evidenced by the near destruction of their homeworld by their own hands.”
“Lord Malik, that fact is undisputed. But is it not also true that we ourselves have displayed these same characteristics and overcome them? I shall repeat - their knowledge will not be regained quickly, if ever. You ask a question that requires no answer for centuries to come, long after all of us in this room are forgotten and relegated to history.”
Malik took his seat at the roundtable, angered at Hedron’s calm response, but more than that his own inability to gain further support in the Council. The meeting continued with the normal questions Hedron came to expect, most discussion concerning population numbers on the surface as well as that of the Arcadians, status and maintenance reports on the fleet, mining operations occurring in the abandoned cities of the humans, and state of the combined armed forces. The Council only met in-person twice per earth-cycle; once prior to the human’s crop offerings and shortly thereafter as they were dispersed amongst the Arcadian skyships. Hedron was thankful for this one small favor; the formality of entertaining the Council members and their accompanying entourages was taxing at best. The pomp and ceremony required disturbed the King, yet he also knew it was a necessary aspect of his position. More disturbing than that was the politicking and positioning that would occur between the council members throughout each earth-cycle when they were not in-session, leaving Hedron only to guess what new alliances had been formed in the meantime, yet he had his sources.
When the Arcadians first began scouting planets millennia ago, knowing of their own sun’s eventual destruction and thus their homeworld, Earth had been chosen merely as a stopping point on a longer journey to a further destination; an uninhabited planet charted long ago, similar to the Arcadians’ original homeworld which would allow them to start anew. It was the Arcadians’ hope that the humans would supply the desperately needed resources required to make that last final jump. The similarities between the humans and Arcadians were uncanny and for all intents and purposes the two races couldn’t be told apart, nearly resembling each other in every single way. This is why Earth was chosen. The Arcadians reasoned that once reaching Earth, making their presence known and explaining their purpose for being there, that the inhabitants of Earth would be much more receptive to assisting them in resupplying their ships based upon their similarities, which would be much less threatening than otherwise expected of other races in the galaxy. Yet between the time of their preparations and journey to Earth, the Arcadians arrived after twenty earth-cycles traveling through the stars from many light-years away only to find a planet completely devastated by war and nearly devoid of life. For a hundred cycles they scavenged the ruins for desperately needed supplies, eventually beginning to fight amongst themselves when those scarce resources became insufficient. Where there had originally been fifty vessels in the Arcadian fleet, only twelve remained before they finally came to their senses, nearly destroying themselves in the process. It was a tenuous balance at best, but a long-lasting one after the formation of the Council.
During this century long struggle between the various Arcadian factions, the survivors of the human race gradually began to reestablish themselves, yet because of their own war and its terrible aftermath, their civilization resembled nothing as it once had. They’d literally reverted back in-time two thousand years; their technology all but lost. Not only had their technology been lost, so too had been their knowledge and understanding of their own history. Over time the humans broke into tribes, their main sources of food coming from planted crops, fishing, and hunting in the areas that permitted. Below Hedron’s vessel, Skyship Arcadia, was a tribe known as the Katchawans, whose main village was located on the Great Waters. The other skyships were dispersed throughout the planet, the Arcadians observing their brother humans from afar. Their only other contact with them was when they came in their transports in the dark of night to collect their annual crop offerings, taking only what they needed while leaving the rest behind for the humans’ own consumption. More than anything it was a symbiotic relationship.
After a number of earth-hours and much discussion aboard Hedron’s vessel, the Council of Twelve retired to their quarters and prepared themselves for the formal banquet that would begin later on that evening. Despite the banquet and entertainment to follow within the Royal Palace, undoubtedly there would be much political wrangling between the council members before they were seen off the following morning. Hedron had never been one to typically engage in this unavoidable aspect of politics, but had grown to accept it. Hedron always seemed to rise above the situation and remain neutral, pushing the council members to recognize their commonalities and mutual goals, which is why he was elected over Malik, who to the contrary seemed to thrive on intrigue. Ten earth-cycles prior when Malik was King, he placed himself in the middle of situations of his own creation, denying it as he did so, thus positioning himself as mediator and savior. Hedron, always cognizant of their long ago war, looked toward their mutual goals amongst the feudal Arcadian Lords, and under his leadership there was stability and peace. Yet Malik was utterly ruthless, but no one knew the extremes he would go to in the not too distant future to regain his once lofty position - such was his ambition.
And so King Hedron retired to his chambers after disbanding the Council while Queen Amethyst, twenty years his junior awaited his arrival. Upon entering, Hedron dismissed the courtesans attending to her as Queen Amethyst greeted her husband with a broad smile, nearly lighting the room. She too had come from power and wealth, offered in matrimony by her father, Lord Janus of the Skyship Orion. Her beauty was unsurpassed and widely admired throughout the fleet, spoken of proudly by her subjects. Her flowing blonde hair reached nearly to her waist, while her skin was flawless. Amethyst’s piercing hazel eyes and perfectly balanced face displayed compassion and intelligence beyond her years, yet for all of the Queen’s beauty, arrogance escaped her. Upon her head she wore a golden crown denoting her position, encrusted with jewels from the Arcadian homeworld; a planet which no longer existed.
“And how is my King on this fine day?”
Hedron smiled wryly, knowing she was well aware of his distaste for the meeting of the Council, a necessary yet unavoidable aspect of his position as council leader.
“My dear Queen Amethyst, do you mock me?”
“Oh, dear husband, would you think me capable of such a thing?” she asked as wryly as Hedron.
Hedron approached his wife, the two of them now alone, and kissed her tenderly on the forehead as he held his hand upon her bulging stomach, feeling the child within who soon would be born; a new prince to carry on his family line.
“And did my King take me as wife simply for what grows inside?”
“Ah, my Queen, the King took you as Queen for your beauty as well as your wit, charmed by your love. What grows inside was surely an unexpected benefit.”
Now it was Queen Amethyst who reached out to her husband and kissed him passionately on the lips. Amethyst had known Hedron in her earlier years, and once offered in matrimony by her father Lord Janus was bound by tradition, yet not completely so; Amethyst still held the right of refusal. She bowed to her father’s wishes, yet what she hadn’t expected to find was true love. Both looked forward to the birth of their son; she knowing how devastated Hedron had been over the loss of his first two sons and wife shortly thereafter, heartbroken over their untimely deaths.
“I would hope so, for many suitors did I have to choose from.”
“And so my Queen chose wisely.”
“The way my husband speaks, I begin to second-guess myself.”
Again Hedron placed his hand on her distended stomach. “It won’t be long now,” he quietly thought to himself.
“My Queen, by the looks of things I think it too late.”
Amethyst smiled at the remark.
“He just kicked, did you feel it?” she asked excitedly.
“I did, dear wife. I think him eager to arrive; perhaps too eager. He will be strong and one day take my place. I think him impatient, and perhaps need stay put a while longer before he comes into this world.”
“Well, I think that is for him to decide.”
“I think we have an enok on our hands.”
“You speak of the wolvern, as the Earthers call them. Do you miss the thought of Arcadia? It was destroyed so long ago.”
“I miss the thought of it, my Queen. Have you decided on a name for our impatient one?”
“No, not yet,” Amethyst replied hesitantly.
Hedron clapped his hands twice loudly and the doors to their chambers were opened by one of the Guardians, sworn to the protection of the Royal Family.
“Yes, Sire?” the impeccably dressed guardian asked, his traditional sword at his side as well as the sleeper on his belt, should it ever be needed.
“Send in the Queen’s attendants and have Minister Prime Gaelin meet me in my official office.”
“At once, Sire.”
“Must you go so soon?” asked the Queen.
“Sadly. With the members of the Council about, I must check on the preparations for the banquet. Do you feel well enough to attend?”
“I do. That way we can tell Caliban when he grows up that he met the members of the Council before he even entered our adopted world.”
“Ah, so you have named him.”
“Does the name meet with my King’s approval?”
“It does, and greatly so. His expectations will be high, knowing the ancient one who came before, yet you have chosen well, my love.”
Amethyst smiled as Hedron left the room to attend to his duties. She’d debated long and hard over the name of the future prince growing inside her and was unsure that it would be appropriate to name him such. Yet the name held great meaning in the Arcadians’ culture; “leader of leaders.” Long ago Caliban had brought together the many rulers and factions that comprised Arcadia, forging a peace where none had existed before.
“And so it shall be. When you enter this world we shall name you Caliban,” she said, rubbing her hand over her stomach.  “Your father, the King, agrees.”
The Queen’s attendants arrived to wait upon her while Gaelin, Hedron’s Minister Prime, awaited him in his official office. After Hedron, Gaelin held more power than any individual council member and could be trusted with the King’s life. He’d already saved it once several cycles ago, uncovering an assassination plot by a small group of Arcadians bent on the destruction of mankind and complete seizure of the planet. Gaelin was King Hedron’s most trusted advisor and had proven his skills many times over.
“And how go our preparations, Minister Gaelin?”
“Well, my King. The Grand Hall is nearly prepared.”
“And I trust the council members aren’t getting into too much trouble?”
Gaelin laughed at Hedron’s question.
“No more than usual, Sire.”
“I’d expect nothing less. Come; let us walk the Great Hall so that I may see things for myself.”
Hedron and his Minister walked to the Great Hall, shimmering in gold with coats-of-arms made of thick cloth draped high on the walls indicating the various groups of Arcadians who’d made the journey through the stars all those centuries ago. The ceiling was framed in metal and glass, the sky above allowing the light from the sun to enter the room, making it seem all that more regal. At night, when the banquet would begin, the stars in the sky would be clearly visible. Off to one corner of the very large room there was a portico overlooking the surface of the planet far below. The palace itself was off to one side of the vessel, secured by its remoteness and limited access to the rest of the ship. The skyship itself hovered two miles above the surface, using the planet’s own magnetic field to remain in stationary orbit. When first entering the room, those making preparations immediately stopped what they were doing, yet Hedron quickly put them back to work as there was much to do. The other Arcadians outside of the palace would also enjoy in the celebrations in their own way. This vessel as well as the other eleven remaining each held perhaps twenty-five thousand in all, fewer than the humans below and vastly fewer than a thousand years before when they first arrived. Hedron, pleased with the preparations, withdrew to his chambers to prepare himself for the evening’s events which would begin shortly, and as time passed once again found himself approaching the Great Hall with Queen Amethyst at his side and the guardians in full-dress uniform stationed throughout. The horns blew announcing the arrival of the Royal Family, allowing those within to stand in recognition as the large metallic doors of the Great Hall were opened. King Hedron walked in a courtly manner as he held his wife’s hand, acknowledging those in the crowd as they approached the Royal Table; Gaelin and his first behind followed by various members of the Court. Soon they took their places at the Royal Table, Hedron motioning the others in the room to be seated before beginning his remarks. By now the sun had set on their adopted world, the stars in the sky clearly visible through the glass ceiling above, reminding everyone from where they’d once come. Soon the only ones left standing were the King himself and those about the room who would be serving the honored guests, and of course the guardians. Hedron would keep his remarks brief.
“Honored members of the Council, honored members of the Court, and honored guests. Welcome. Once again this cycle we find ourselves gathering to discuss matters of importance. Yet all of that has been accomplished, and now it is time for celebration. Tonight we again join together in peace as we have these many years to enjoy the bountiful food that this planet has provided us on our adopted homeworld. And so I raise my glass, and ask you to rise and do the same as we give thanks to the one who created all things, allowing us to survive throughout the millennia and sees fit to provide us with this gracious meal.”
Queen Amethyst struggled to rise under the weight of the life carried within, only able to do so with the help of her husband’s hand. Hedron didn’t show it outwardly, but seeing her face knew that she was very close now.
“To our continued blessing,” Hedron said as he again raised his glass, pursing his lips as he and the others drank in gratitude to the creator of all things. When done, Hedron said, “I ask that you again be seated and join us in our bountiful blessing.”
With those words everyone sat as a flurry of activity immediately began; platters with every imaginable type of food available being placed on the lengthy tables as multitudes of conversations began and the Great Hall became boisterous with life; the King sitting at his table and limiting his conversation to those around him, knowing that when the meal was finished by necessity he would be required to make his rounds throughout the crowd as the inevitable politicking began. The musical entertainment and dancing would simply be a backdrop for those not involved in the politics of power.
“My Queen looks weary,” Hedron said in a low tone at the Royal Table.
“No more than usual, my husband.”
“Would you like me to call the healers?” he asked, concerned.
“Not just yet. He is close now, I think, but not yet.”
“And you are certain?”
“I believe our impatient one can wait one more passing.”
Queen Amethyst barely got those words out when the room broke out in a gasp, those within looking up as a meteor shower began overhead, a wondrous sight rarely seen. King Hedron and Queen Amethyst also rose, and in so doing the Queen nearly fell over as she fainted; only caught at the last moment by the King as he gently laid her down on the floor. The members of the Court’s attention soon turned from the meteor shower above to the Royal Table; the Queen’s attendants quickly approaching.
“Call the Royal Healer,” Hedron barked out.
“Gaelin raised his arm and spoke harshly over his communication device, indicating that the Queen had gone into labor and that the Royal Healer should come to the Great Hall at once as the guardians positioned themselves around the group. Queen Amethyst soon regained consciousness to Hedron’s great relief.
“My love, are you alright?”
“I think our eager one is more impatient than we thought,” she said smiling through the pain.
“And so, it’s time.”
“It is time, my King.”
Hedron held Amethyst’s hand, comforting her as the sealed doors to the Great Hall opened and the Royal Healer and his attendants arrived, ready to take the Queen down to the lower levels of the ship with all of their advanced equipment in order to ensure a healthy birth for both mother and child.
“I’ll be right with you,” Hedron said to Amethyst.
“But what of the Council?” Amethyst asked in a whisper.
“Gaelin will take over for me,” Hedron replied as Gaelin nodded.
“I think our future prince a showman requiring too much attention,” Amethyst said as her face contorted in a twinge of pain. The Healer, noting this, injected the Queen with a mild sedative, the pain quickly subsiding. Lord Janus and his first, mother of Amethyst, looked on equally concerned yet did not interrupt.
“We are ready, Sire,” Valen said to Hedron as those assisting him lifted the Queen onto a floater, a pillow gently placed beneath her head. Soon the Healer and his assistants whisked the Queen away, accompanied by a contingent of guardians; the crowd parting as this most unexpected event took place before them. Yet even more peculiar was that the room suddenly lit-up as an extremely large meteor passed overhead, the most curious of signs thought Ayron, Prophet of The First Order.
All eyes again turned to King Hedron.
“Honored members of the Court. Tonight a prince will be born, eager to enter this world of ours. I beg your forgiveness, and ask that you enjoy in our celebration. As I must attend to the Queen, I ask that Minister Prime Gaelin take my stead.”
Gaelin nodded and Hedron made his departure, the doors to the Great Hall closing behind him as Gaelin addressed the crowd, now talking loudly amongst themselves, yet they soon became silent.
“Members of the Court. I ask that you be seated and enjoy in our bountiful festivities, for tonight we have many reasons to celebrate.”
Everyone composed themselves and sat as Minister Prime Gaelin instructed - in the absence of the King it was customary to treat the Minister Prime with the same respect as one would expect to give Hedron himself. Gaelin and his first also took their seats as he then motioned over to one of the many guardians within the Great Hall.
“Follow the King and keep me apprised of the Queen’s condition.”
“At once, Minister Prime Gaelin,” he said, exiting discreetly through a secret entranceway hidden behind the podium, disguised by a heavy curtain hanging from above.
Nearly two earth-hours passed, the meal completed and the evening’s entertainment well underway. Dancers and minstrels played the songs of the Royal Court as the ancient stories of Arcadia were told. Gaelin raised his arm and spoke over his communication device directly with the King three levels below, holding it close so that he alone could hear.
His first, looking at her husband overheard him simply say, “Yes, Sire.”
Gaelin motioned to one of his aides, directing him to put his address on ship-wide transmission so all of those on Skyship Arcadia as well as the rest of the fleet could hear his words. After several moments had passed, Gaelin stood and tapped his glass loudly to gain the attention of the members of the Court, which in effect he already had once he’d risen and was simply going through the motions of formality.
“Members of the Royal Court, livers of Skyship Arcadia, and subjects of King Hedron and Queen Amethyst. This is Minister Prime Gaelin, directed by our leader and King, who has asked that I make the following announcement for all Arcadians to hear. For those of you outside of the Great Hall who are not yet aware, earlier this evening Queen Amethyst went into labor and was brought to the Healers. Our great King, my King, has just contacted me and asks that I make the following announcement. Our King and Queen beg their forgiveness for not being able to celebrate with our most honored guests, matters of a pressing nature having unexpectedly arisen. He further asks me to tell you the following - that on this night, Queen Amethyst has given birth to the King’s successor, and that this child, a boy, from this time forward and for all time to come shall be known as Prince Caliban, son of King Hedron and Queen Amethyst of Skyship Arcadia.”
The Royal Court came to a crescendo, voices yelling loudly celebrating the birth of the prince. “Long live Prince Caliban! – Long live Prince Caliban!” But more than that, the voices of those outside the Great Hall could overwhelmingly be heard in the room as well. On the other skyships it was no different.
Council member Malik looked over at Lord Damon of Skyship Pertheon, by default also a member of the Council of Twelve, and as their eyes met both seemed disconcerted over the news and drew closer to one another. They spoke quietly between themselves.
“This is most disturbing news, Lord Damon.”
“Most disturbing to our plans, Lord Malik.”
“We’ll talk of this after the Council has been disbanded and we return to our own skyships. This changes nothing.”
“Agreed.”
No more would be spoken between the two during the festivities; they would avoid all further contact not wanting to be seen together. Yet Malik was already formulating a new plan to regain leadership of the Council, only this time more vicious than the first. There would be no limit to the lengths he would go to achieve his goal, no matter how long it took or who got in the way. Lord Damon had been made promises and would follow Malik to the end.



EPISODE 2: “A Prince Born”

Earlier That Night
With The Healers


Valen, Healer to the Royal Family and his attendants quickly whisked Queen Amethyst into the room reserved only for those of nobility. Hedron by nature was normally composed, previously having brought two other sons into this adopted world of theirs, yet each time it was new, especially at this point in his life, never expecting to be a father again. Thankfully Amethyst’s parents, Lord Janus and Lady Arianna gracefully bowed out of the festivities in order to accompany their daughter; their mere presence further comfort to the King. No doubt the discussions within the Great Hall had shifted from politics to Queen Amethyst and the impending birth of a new prince; one who would carry-on King Hedron’s line.
Valen’s attendants quickly pulled a curtain around the Queen as she was brought into the room; Hedron and the others looking on through the glass walls of the facility, now unable to see Amethyst directly. Although they couldn’t see her, all were thankful that she was under the exceptional care of Healer Valen. As they looked on, Valen appeared from behind the curtain sheltering the Queen, and as he walked about the room he waived his hand over various medical devices which immediately sprang to life. Within the curtained area itself, a number of holographic images appeared displaying the health of the Queen as well as that of the yet unborn child. Despite the Arcadians’ advanced technology, birth would occur in the traditional manner except in extreme cases where either the health of mother or child was in jeopardy, possibly requiring more drastic measures. Most certainly this was the preferred method for any of those of royal blood. Until the birth actually occurred, only the Royal Healer and female attendants assisting him were permitted beyond that very important veil of privacy, sheltering all from both sight and sound.
“Summon the Prophet Ayron,” Hedron commanded one of the guardians.
“Sire, the Prophet and Brothers of the First Order are already here and await your invitation to enter.”
Ayron, Prophet of the First Order and leader of the Arcadians’ religious caste arrived from the festivities above to bear witness to the birth of the new prince. As Prophet, his position was revered by all Arcadians, and although he rarely left the Enclave where all of the Brothers of the First Order lived, those rare instances that he did make his presence known were unmistakable. As required by all Brothers of the First Order, Ayron wore his traditional hooded robe, yet only he alone carried the ancient staff, known by the people as “The Rod of Truth.” It had a brass fitting on the bottom, protecting it through the ages, and at its crest was a crystalline emerald encased in a claw-shaped band of gold. The Brothers of the First Order as well rarely left the Enclave, and when so permitted were sworn to a vow of silence outside those sacred walls. Four accompanied Ayron; they too would also bear witness to the prince’s birth. As Ayron looked through the glass, those accompanying him prayed silently in one corner of the room; heads bowed and hands folded. Ayron turned his attention to King Hedron, lost in his thoughts.
“Honorable King Hedron, the Brothers of the First Order and I, Prophet Ayron, have come to bear witness to the birth of your son and our future prince. The brothers pray for the health of Queen Amethyst and the future Lord of Skyship Arcadia.”
Three times did Ayron raise his staff and hit it to the floor, customary upon the birth of one so noble. Twice before King Hedron had gone through the religious ceremonies, he himself praying that this child – perhaps the one last child he would ever have, would be born healthy. And that is exactly what Ayron’s formal raising of his staff represented. Three times he hit his staff on the plating beneath them - once for the health of the queen, once for the health of the yet unborn prince, and once for the hope of a long and spirited life. King Hedron raised his clasped hands to his face as did the others and bowed his head to the Prophet, a respectful greeting and recognition of Ayron’s position as well as the independence of the First Order from all other Arcadian entities. None were permitted within the Enclave except upon request for sanctuary granted to those requiring it, only as deemed necessary. Ayron himself was only typically seen during the meeting of the Council, coronations, bearing witness to the birth of a newborn member of the Royal Family, with very few other exceptions. Even rarer still were the times when he was seen amongst the Arcadian people, yet it was not unheard of. His was a life of solitude.
As Prophet of the First Order, Ayron would hold this position until his final breath, and how it was determined who would become the next Prophet was a complete mystery, known only to the Brothers of the First Order. Also as Prophet, Ayron was responsible as Keeper of the Ancient Texts; knowledge and ancient Arcadian history known to him and him alone, and upon his death the new Prophet would be chosen, he too holding this burdensome responsibility. While within the walls of the Enclave, the brothers were permitted to speak amongst themselves openly and freely.
In response to Ayron’s formal convocation, Hedron responded in like kind as the brothers continued with their prayers. The others in Hedron’s entourage remained silent and kept their heads bowed in respectful recognition of the Prophet’s presence on this most momentous of occasions.
“Ayron, honorable Prophet of the First Order, on behalf of Queen Amethyst and myself, King Hedron, we give thanks to your presence and that of the Brothers of the First Order. We also give thanks to the one who created all for blessing us on this day.”
Again Ayron raised his staff and hit it to the floor three times.
“King Hedron. Upon the birth of this child of noble blood, the Brothers of the First Order and I shall inspect the newborn and give our sacred blessings.”
King Hedron bowed his head a second time; Ayron then retreating to the corner of the room as he began to silently pray with the other Brothers, his head bowed and hands firmly crossed around his wooden staff; older still than the ancient Arcadian texts themselves. Two earth-hours passed in this manner; Hedron and the others simply waiting for Valen to advise them that the prince had been brought forth. Nothing could be heard through the glass of the room they stood before, and at long last Valen finally appeared from beyond the curtain and walked toward the King, removing his gloves as he approached the doorway. Valen bowed respectfully to King Hedron and Lord Janus as the doors opened; Prophet Ayron looking on while the others continued with their prayers.
“My dear King Hedron, I humbly inform you as your honored servant that Queen Amethyst and your son, a prince, are well. The prince was brought into this world healthy and in the customary way. We have done all of the testing that our technology permits, indicating that both Queen and prince have come through this moment gracefully and have been blessed by the one who created all. Queen Amethyst respectfully asks that you join her in the birthing room, wishing to introduce you to your son, Prince Caliban.”
Completely unnoticed by anyone, Ayron, still in the corner of the room, raised his head at Valen’s words, manifesting itself only by a slight movement of the hood that covered most of his face. Upon the birth of one so noble, first the King would enter the birthing room, left alone with Queen and child. Following the King’s departure, the Prophet and Brothers of the First Order would enter and inspect the newborn royal in the absence of all, Queen included, and once their ceremony was complete, finally those related through blood would be permitted into the room solely at the Queen’s discretion once reunited with child. It was also customary that the newborn royal would be introduced to the subjects of the Royal Family in three passing’s time.
Hedron entered the enclosed area, Valen and his attendants already having withdrawn themselves. It struck Hedron how angelic and happy his wife looked despite having just gone through the ordeal, but his attention soon turned to his newborn child, never thinking that he would have this experience again after losing his first two sons and wife. Hedron stood at the foot of the floater, motionless as so many thoughts of times long gone flooded his mind.
“Come, my dear husband, and meet your son,” Amethyst said as she held out the newborn prince to his father.
Hedron held the child gently in his arms.
“He has your eyes, dear Amethyst.”
“And by the look of his face, he has your strength.”
“You make me so proud; I have not the words to speak.”
“Do you think he knows him a prince, my dear King?”
“I think he knows very little at the moment.”
“And how shall we raise him, my love?”
“We shall raise him with compassion and humility. He will grow into manhood knowing one day he will be Lord of Skyship Arcadia, responsible for the well-being of his people, no better than any and only blessed with this duty through birthright alone by the one who created all,” King Hedron replied firmly. “Should I send for the Prophet and Brothers of the First Order, my beloved Queen?”
“If you must, but I pray they don’t take too long.”
“They won’t be long, this I promise you.”
“Very well, dearest to my heart.”
“You must leave the room after presenting our son to the Prophet, for their ceremony is a private one. You will remain on the floater as Valen takes you into the adjoining room while they perform the ceremonial ritual. When they are finished, you will both be reunited.”
“Promise me that you’ll return me to our child quickly.”
“Their ceremony is a brief one, it won’t be long. I’ll send in Healer Valen and the Prophet. The Brothers of the First Order will accompany him, and you must hand our young prince to the Prophet yourself before you are brought into the other room. As you do so, you must pronounce his name to Ayron and say the traditional words. Once the ceremony is complete and you are reunited with Caliban, then, and only then, will others be permitted into the room.”
“Send them in, my dear husband. I am ready.”
King Hedron exited the room and entered the waiting area, where he would remain with the others while the ceremonial ritual took place.
“Prophet Ayron and Brothers of the First Order, Queen Amethyst of Skyship Arcadia respectfully requests that you enter the birthing room as she wishes to introduce you to our newborn son, born of royal blood, so that you may give the blessings of the Brothers of the First Order on behalf of the one who created all.”
It struck Queen Amethyst how youthful her husband looked when he first held his newborn son, and it made her proud that she’d brought such happiness to him after he’d lost so much. All too quickly the Royal Healer entered as well as the Prophet and Brothers of the First Order. Amethyst was reluctant to hand over her son so soon after giving birth, yet she also knew that it was required of her as Queen of the Arcadians. Valen and Ayron approached the floater as the Brothers stood back, the Healer ready to whisk Amethyst away into the adjoining room so the ceremony could be held in private, while the Prophet was ready to accept the newborn prince and future Lord of Skyship Arcadia.
Amethyst, determined to show as much dignity as her husband had, struggled first to sit on the floater, and then stand as she held out her son to the Prophet and spoke the holy words. She accomplished this task with great difficulty, never outwardly showing the tremendous amount of strength this heretofore simple act took, considering that she’d just given birth.
“Prophet Ayron of the First Order, I, Queen Amethyst of Skyship Arcadia, wife of King Hedron and daughter and Lord Janus and his first, Lady Ariana, present to you my newborn son, Prince Caliban, born of the flesh of King Hedron and Queen Amethyst, by right of birth future Lord of Skyship Arcadia.”
Because of her position, Amethyst had met Ayron before during various and rare functions requiring his attendance, yet she’d never seen him up this close and most certainly without his traditional hooded robe that always covered most of his face. Yet she also never had before been a part of this particular ceremony, and was soon taken aback. She had a picture in her mind of what he looked like, sometimes in her youthful dreams envisioning him harsh, old, yet wise. As was the custom in this ceremony, Ayron pulled back his hood completely, allowing Queen Amethyst to clearly see his face as he began to speak the ceremonial words. He was pale as would be expected by the Queen; having spent most of his time in the Enclave, yet his face hadn’t a mark upon it. Amethyst calculated quickly, knowing he’d held the position of Prophet of the First Order for nearly twenty-five cycles, yet he didn’t appear to be even forty cycles of age. His face conveyed a wisdom and depth of compassion the likes of which she couldn’t even fathom, and his eyes were a deep rich blue as that of the Earthers oceans below, nearly unheard of in the Arcadian culture. Amethyst knew at that moment, seeing the Prophet up so close was a rare experience, occurring in perhaps this one single ceremony alone and no other. It was obvious to her that her perceptions and observations of Ayron were never to be repeated to anyone - ever.
As Amethyst removed her son’s birthing blanket and held him out, Ayron rolled up his sleeves and in so doing exposed markings on both arms, the meanings of which were completely unknown to Amethyst. It was an ancient dialect long ago forgotten in the Arcadian culture, now only known to those of the First Order. She understood immediately that Ayron’s actions were a sign of respect to the Queen as well as a show of faith, completely disarming her and laying whatever fears and preconceptions she had quickly to rest. Ayron spoke to Queen Amethyst as she gently placed the child in the Prophet’s outstretched hands, the Prophet holding her newborn son with the greatest of care as he balanced his staff in the crook of his arm.
“There is nothing to fear, child,” Ayron said. Amethyst somehow knew he wasn’t any older than her, yet at the same time the Prophet was calling the Queen of all Arcadians “child,” and in Ayron’s presence she felt herself as much. To her, his wisdom vastly exceeded his cycles.
“Queen Amethyst,” he said, beginning the formal sacred ritual, “I, Ayron, Prophet of the First Order and the Brothers accompanying me thank you for entrusting us with one so precious to your heart. Our ceremony will be brief and soon mother and son will be reunited. We shall offer our blessings of one so dear to you and our great King Hedron on behalf of the one who created all.”
“Prophet Ayron, I thank you for your kind words,” Amethyst replied, totally unscripted and for the first time fully understanding why the First Order held such reverence among the Arcadians. Some even said that the Prophet of the First Order and the Brothers could work miracles, and she quietly wondered if that may very well be true.
“Queen Amethyst, I shall soon perform the ceremonial ritual. You and all others must leave the room, and upon conclusion we shall once again summon you.”
“I understand, Prophet Ayron. I give thanks to you and the Brothers of the First Order,” Amethyst said as she sat back down on the floater, preparing herself to leave the room. She trusted Prophet Ayron fully. Before he could begin, Ayron would ask Amethyst as required by the ceremonial rites of royal birth, the very words she herself had spoken; the newborn prince now held gently in his hands.
“Queen Amethyst of Skyship Arcadia, wife of King Hedron and daughter of Lord Janus and his first, Princess Ariana. You have presented to me your newborn son, a prince, born of the flesh of King Hedron and Queen Amethyst; by right of birth future Lord of Skyship Arcadia. Do you attest this to be true before the one who created all?”
“I, Queen Amethyst, do attest this to be true before the one who created all.”
“And do you wish this child to be known as Caliban, a name that he shall carry throughout his life.”
“Prophet Ayron. I, Queen Amethyst and King Hedron wish this child to be known as Caliban.”
“Then it shall be so. You may now leave the room as I and the Brothers of the First Order perform the ceremonial ritual of royal birth.”
Valen directed Queen Amethyst to lay down on the floater as he removed her into the other room, the door closing automatically behind them. Now alone, the Brothers gathered around Ayron in a semi-circle and knelt in the position of worship, they too removing their hoods and rolling up the sleeves of their robes, also displaying the ancient markings on their arms. Ayron first began the ceremony by turning in a full-circle, holding out young Prince Caliban for all to see.
“Brothers of the First Order, we are here to bear witness to the birth of Caliban, born of royal blood and of the flesh of Queen Amethyst and King Hedron of Skyship Arcadia. By birth right he is born a prince, and also by right of birth one day shall be Lord of Skyship Arcadia.”
One by one Ayron held out the young Prince Caliban to each of the four accompanying him and asked the same simple question – “Brother, you have witnessed the birth of this child, a boy, born of Queen Amethyst and King Hedron of Skyship Arcadia. Our Queen indicates that this child will from this point forward and for all time to come be known as Caliban. Do you bear witness and recognize this as truth at risk of your mortal soul?”
“Yes, Prophet. I, Brother Tieran of the First Order have born witness to the birth of this child, born of royal blood to Queen Amethyst and King Hedron of Skyship Arcadia. The Queen has indicated that this child, a prince, shall be known as Caliban. I swear, in the eyes of the one who has created all and on my immortal soul that this is true.”
One by one Ayron turned to each, again completing a full-circle, representing the circle of life; from birth to death. The ceremony was a simple one and had been performed for millennia by the Arcadians. Originally it had been designed to prevent duplicity in the families of those born of royal blood. Though archaic in nature, the ceremony still held its place. Nearly complete, only a clipping of a lock of the newborn’s hair need be taken. Brother Tieran was given this final task, unexpectedly speaking out of turn.
“Prophet Ayron, please forgive me for disrupting. There is a mark of birth on the child’s neck.”
Ayron, holding the child in such a way had not seen the young one’s birthmark. Shifting young Prince Caliban so that he too could see the birthmark, was suddenly taken aback. It was near the crook of his neck and clearly in the shape of a crescent moon. Ayron was not one to display emotion. Again he turned to each brother, showing the mark and asked that they bear witness, and having done so repeated these words to the brothers with him.
“Brothers of the First Order. You have witnessed the birth of Prince Caliban, born of royal blood to Queen Amethyst and King Hedron of Skyship Arcadia. You have sworn on your immortal souls in the eyes of the one who created all that this is true. We have also seen a mark of birth on the child, and I command that you take note of this. Upon our return to the Enclave, I ask that you gather all Brothers of the First Order in the Sacred Chamber. You may now cover your faces as Brother Tieran summons Queen Amethyst so that she may be reunited with her newborn child, Prince Caliban.”
Within moments Valen returned Amethyst to the birthing room, the Prophet still holding the child yet now his hood covered his face and arms, his head lowered. The others were in the corner of the room, prepared to depart. Nothing about the birthmark was mentioned to Amethyst, yet undoubtedly she would see it in time, not knowing its meaning. Ayron completed the formal ritual.
“Queen Amethyst, I, Prophet Ayron and the Brothers of the First Order have born witness to the birth of your son, Prince Caliban. He is born of royal blood to you and King Hedron, Lord of Skyship Arcadia. We have witnessed this birth and attest to the one who created all. We now return your son to your arms.”
Amethyst was relieved to have Caliban back, despite the ceremony being even briefer than she imagined. As she held her young prince, Ayron again raised his staff and hit it to the floor beneath him three times; the ritual ceremony now complete.
“My Queen. I and the Brothers of the First Order pray for the health of yourself, Prince Caliban, and a most blessed life. We shall now depart so that others may enter.”
Amethyst bowed her head in respect to the Prophet as he and the others departed. King Hedron was waiting patiently outside the door as Ayron addressed him.
“My honorable King Hedron. The ceremonial ritual of birth has been completed and the newborn child returned to your beloved Queen Amethyst. The child shall be known as Prince Caliban, as recognized by myself and the Brothers of the First Order. All is as it should be, and we shall now depart so others may enter as you and the Queen see fit.”
“Prophet Ayron,” Hedron said bowing his head respectfully, “I and Queen Amethyst thank you for being here at this moment in order to perform the ceremonial ritual of birth. We give our heartfelt thanks to you, the Brothers of the First Order, and the one who created all. May our blessings be upon you.”
Ayron simply nodded as he and the others departed for the Enclave, while King Hedron spoke to Minister Prime Gaelin three levels above, who’d taken over his duties as host to the Council of Twelve. Hedron instructed Gaelin to announce the healthy birth of Prince Caliban to all those on Skyship Arcadia as well as the rest of the vessels in the fleet, and that the Queen too was also well. Following his brief discussion, Hedron entered the room with Lord Janus and Lady Arianna at his side.
Immediately upon their return to the Enclave, the Prophet retreated to his personal quarters in the back of the Sacred Chamber as he waited for the others to assemble. As they did, Ayron located one of the many thousands of ancient texts contained within, holding knowledge known only to him. As Prophet of the First Order, Ayron was responsible for the safekeeping of the most sacred and ancient Arcadian texts, and was also required to read each and every one. Yet the one single text he retrieved was the most important of all; perhaps even the oldest as well. Ayron and the others had also witnessed the meteor shower occurring above the planet. As Ayron entered the Sacred Chamber with book in hand, the others who had been conversing quietly immediately stopped and gave the Prophet their undivided attention. Ayron approached the dais and looked about the room, making eye contact here and there, indicating to the others that he was to speak of a most serious matter.
“Brothers of the First Order, today we have performed the ceremonial ritual of birth for Prince Caliban, born to Queen Amethyst and King Hedron. Yet before I speak of that, I shall speak of our place in the grand scheme of things by the one who created all. For millennia now, we the Brothers of the First Order have been responsible for giving structure and guidance to the people of Arcadia. We have also been given the responsibility of maintaining the ancient texts, some written long before our culture became what it is today. Once we were many, yet now we are few, our homeworld lost to us long ago. As Prophet of the First Order, I am tasked with the responsibility of maintaining the ancient texts and also required to gain the knowledge contained within. Some of the knowledge contained in these texts would be helpful to our people, yet other knowledge would be hurtful, and so we are the curators of the past and not the architects of the future. This has been true of those who came before, and so too will it be true of he who comes after. We remain neutral in all things secular; we neither aspire to power, nor do we interfere in the natural course of events. As Prophet and sole curator of the ancient texts, I am privileged to knowledge of our own history and portents of things yet to come, as so often has been the case. What I have seen on this night, I have also read about long ago, predicted eons ago. And on this one matter I am instructed to inform all Brothers of the First Order, yet you are to maintain your vow of silence on this subject for any and all outside of our Order.”
Ayron raised up high the ancient text that he’d brought with him from his quarters, if anything more of a library with little else other than a bed and small area for eating. The text he held was bound in leather and also had an outer casing made of silver, the center of the book containing a lock so ancient one wondered how it could even possibly work. Ayron removed a necklace that always remained on his person and upon which a single key was held, as old as the book itself. Carefully unlocking the binding to the text, Ayron placed the book on the dais before him and gently opened it to a specific passage. Again he looked about the room solemnly.
“The text before me is perhaps the most ancient of the ancient, and upon ascension to the position of Prophet, I was required to read this text in its entirety and take the utmost of care in its safekeeping for future generations. Much of the knowledge contained within was written thousands of cycles ago and contains predictions of the future, many written in great detail and having truly come to pass, even describing the destruction of our own homeworld. Yet in my lifetime, I never thought that I would personally be involved in any predictions contained within this text. Tonight I now learn otherwise. I ask that Brother Tieran and Brother Malicai step forward as I read from the appropriate passage, so it is known to all that the words I am about to speak are unquestioned. When finished, this text will be left on this dais for any and all brothers who wish to read from this passage, yet for only one fortnight. I shall pray silently to the one who created all, and this book will never leave my sight.”
Ayron paused as Tieran and Malicai approached the dais and took their places behind him, privileged to see the passage from which the Prophet was going to read. Indeed, the book was so old that the metal bindings protecting the pages within made an audible creaking sound as Ayron first opened it.
“I ask you to keep in mind that this was written in ancient times. I shall repeat the short passage word for word, translating our ancient Arcadian dialect in which it was written into the language of the Earthers and our adopted homeworld. The passage is cryptic, yet knowing what I now know has become quite clear. It is predicted to occur hundreds of cycles after the destruction of Arcadia, and I quote.”
“On a distant planet, and distant shores, a future king shall fall from grace. A prince will be born of a king, his arrival announced by the heavens above, and upon him shall be the mark of the crescent moon. For a time he will walk among us, only to be lost. Through hardship, one day shall he return to lead us out of darkness and into the light. He shall be named after an ancient one; once great. Upon his return, the Prophet and Brothers of the First Order will be required to intervene on his behalf, for it is ordained.”
Ayron paused, gathering his words as the others silently looked on.
“Brothers of the First Order, you are sworn to secrecy. For tonight I have seen that child, and his name is Prince Caliban. One day he will be our King. So we must be silent, knowing what we know. One day, upon his return to us, it will be required that the First Order intervene on his behalf. This is in direct conflict with our rules of non-intervention, yet the ancient text commands it so. What will be required of us I do not yet know, but having faith in the one who created all, I believe that our role will be revealed to us when the time is at-hand. So brothers, I ask you to have strength knowing that dark days lay ahead for all Arcadians, but I also ask you to take comfort knowing that we shall be led out of darkness and into the light by one now so young. And it is through his hardship, and his strength, that will give all Arcadians strength. Know even though terrible times lay ahead, that we must continue to keep the faith. Those who wish may now approach the dais and read from the ancient text, as I pray silently throughout the evening on behalf of all Arcadians. Those who would like to join me in prayers may do so.”
Not a single Brother of the First Order left the Sacred Chamber that night, each in turn reading the passage from the ancient text and once doing so remained with Ayron to pray.
The following days for the Royal Family were hectic ones, but passed quickly. Three passings after the birth of a noble, it was customary that the child be publicly introduced to the Arcadian citizenry. It was a formal ceremony held in the center of the city; King Hedron despite having gone through the ceremony twice before was happy to once again engage in it, never having thought he would again be a father. Queen Amethyst was equally excited to introduce her newborn son to the public, her first time doing so. The ceremony was transmitted to all vessels throughout the fleet; the only drawback from King Hedron’s perspective was that the Council members and their entourages remained on Skyship Arcadia for several additional passings so that they would be present for the ceremony. Ayron’s role was formal and brief, with very few words required on his part - those indicating that the Prophet and Brothers of the First Order witnessed the birth of the prince and performed the ritual ceremony, thus giving young Prince Caliban recognition and status as one born of noble blood. Soon the ceremony was over and the members of the Council of Twelve departed, returning to their own skyships scattered about the planet.
Thus began young Prince Caliban’s brief but happy life aboard Skyship Arcadia under the loving guidance of Queen Amethyst and King Hedron. Ayron and the Brothers of the First Order were observant of the prince, keeping their distance while maintaining their vow of silence regarding the dark times that lay ahead.



EPISODE 3: “Treachery Afoot”

Three Earth-Cycles Pass
Meeting of the Council


The following three cycles were perhaps the happiest in Queen Amethyst’s and King Hedron’s lives. Their young prince, nurtured from birth, followed the usual path of childhood – first from helplessness then to talking in the language of the Earthers as well as that of the Arcadians, and finally becoming a handful when he first began to walk. As Queen, Amethyst most certainly could have been an absentee mother, seeing her son once each passing while others took on the responsibility of his daily care, but it wasn’t within her. To the contrary, she raised her son as she herself was raised, available to him at all times. For King Hedron the experience was no different; Amethyst taking great joy in seeing her husband become even more youthful, raising Caliban in preparation for him to one day take his place as Lord of Skyship Arcadia. If any of their subjects outside of the palace thought that it was a place of tranquility and solitude, they were sadly mistaken; the royal palace was completely filled with life.
During the three cycles since Caliban’s birth, the Arcadians continued to flourish under King Hedron’s rule, and through his leadership of the Council of Twelve and passive oversight of the humans below, both races benefited equally. It was a time of stability, perhaps more than most could remember. Yet all things must come to an end, and so too would these times of tranquility for all those living on planet Earth; both those above and those below. The Prophet and Brothers of the First Order continued to observe young Prince Caliban’s development from afar while maintaining their vow of silence, yet they were ever vigilant, always looking for any sign of the dark times that lay ahead as foretold in the ancient texts. Wishing otherwise, they’d soon have their answer, and it would come in a form that none could have been predicted.
Once again it was time for the Council of Twelve to meet; the Lords and their entourages would be arriving en-masse very soon, in-fact, several of the Lords already had. Lord Malik had been quite busy during the past three cycles, making promises to the other Lords and slowly regaining influence within the Council, so much so that he was heir apparent should Hedron one day decide to step-down or any great tragedy ever befall him. Hedron, as King, ruled only at the pleasure of the other Lords, and should he at any point lose a majority of favor within the Council, he would be at-risk of losing his position. This was a rare occurrence and had never been of any concern throughout Hedron’s rule, nor was it now. Only under the most extreme of circumstances would the other Lords even consider removing a King from the throne, and in nine hundred cycles it had only happened a handful of times. The removal of King Hedron wasn’t even a remote possibility; the other Lord’s reluctant even under the worst of circumstances to jeopardize the stability of singular guided leadership, yet they still held their voice. Malik’s treachery would take on another form beyond all morality, and although he didn’t have enough influence to overthrow Hedron directly, certainly he had enough favor amongst the other Council members that should anything ever happen to the King, Malik would be the logical replacement. Realizing now was his time to act, Malik put into motion the plans that he’d been formulating for three cycles, and what better time than when the Council was together with all of the other Lords present?
In three passings time the meeting of the Council would begin, yet before that ever happened the first part of Malik’s plan would be put into motion, completely disrupting the meeting. Lord Damon had already made all of the arrangements, both he and Malik amongst the various Lords who arrived early on Skyship Arcadia, and that night under disguise they met discretely in a more remote part of the city in order to discuss their plans. If they were successful, both would be the two most powerful men amongst all Arcadians, but if they failed and were discovered, it would undoubtedly mean their deaths for treason. They sat in a dimly lit corner of a local tavern and spoke quietly between themselves, discussing their arrangements in great detail. Nothing would be left to chance.
“And your men are already aboard Skyship Arcadia, Lord Damon?”
“Three, Lord Malik. They arrived several weeks ago in order to avoid raising any suspicion.”
“And how will they gain access to the prince?”
“One will be disguised as a guardian and abduct the prince after his mid-passing meal, while the other two will be disguised as transport workers. The prince will be silenced and quickly brought to one of the transports. With so many comings and goings, they should go completely unnoticed.”
“And what then?”
“And then he’ll be brought to the surface.”
“Your men have instructions to end his days?”
“They do, my King.”
Lord Damon was catering to Malik’s ego, addressing him as King as though everything had already come to pass. In return, Lord Damon had been guaranteed a position as Minister Prime and would be Malik’s trusted advisor. From Malik’s standpoint, with Lord Damon so intricately involved, what better choice when they both had so much to lose? Malik overlooked Damon’s premature acknowledgement and continued with his questioning, looking for any possible failings in their complicated plot.
“And what promises have been made?”
“Riches beyond measure, but they’ll never have the chance to spend them. For our own protection, once the deed is done by necessity all three must be silenced. An unfortunate accident has already been arranged.”
“Good, Lord Damon. There can’t be any loose ends.”
“There won’t be, Lord Malik.”
“And the second part of the plan?”
“Once the prince’s absence is discovered, no doubt the entire skyship will be searched, yet there will be nothing find. The King will be distraught, most certainly after the loss of his other two sons. Within two passings he will retire for the evening, never to wake. That as well has already been arranged.”
“And by what means is this to occur?”
“Poison, Lord Malik. Completely untraceable and administered to the King by his own personal attendant. It will be placed in his meal, and should his appetite waver, then it will be placed in his refreshment.”
“I know who you speak of, the old woman Saliya. She’s been with the King ever since he himself was a child. Why would she do such a thing?”
“Many cycles ago she lost her first. Her only son is a member of the guardians and it’s been made clear to her that if she does not do this, then her son will not live to see another passing. Either the King dies, or her only son dies. She is beyond suspicion, and with the threat remaining in place her continued silence is guaranteed. Her son knows nothing of this.”
“Very wise, Damon, very wise,” Malik said in contemplation. “But do you not think it to our advantage that she too be silenced?”
“No, Lord Malik, it would raise too much suspicion. With the threat to her son’s life in place, she by need must remain silent. All anyone ever needs know is that the King’s days ended as did those of his first; completely distraught over the loss of his son. Most will believe that a terrible tragedy occurred and Prince Caliban, in his youthful ignorance fell from the skyship to the planet surface below; a most unfortunate accident.”
“And when is this plan to begin?”
“On the morrow, Lord Malik. Once events begin to unfold, the meeting of the Council will undoubtedly be postponed. After King Hedron is eliminated, therein lays your chance to seize the throne.”
“I’ve chosen well, Lord Damon, or should I say Minister Prime Damon?”
“Thank you, Sire,” Damon replied with a sinister look about him.
“I believe it’s time to take my leave, Lord Damon. Remain here for a brief time before you take your leave as well. We mustn’t be seen together.”
“As you wish.”
Malik left as he arrived, unnoticed and just another patron on his way home for the evening. One more passing’s time would change everything. Returning to his quarters, he was greeted by his first, Lady Morgana. They were a well-suited pair; Morgana had born Malik’s heirs and after having done so the only thing left in-common between the two was their mutual aspiration for power. Malik had his dalliances as did she, yet nothing was ever mentioned of it. It mattered not to either, yet in this one endeavor, despite Morgana not knowing all of the details, they were of one-mind.
“And how was your night, my husband?” she asked, feigning that she actually cared to know.
“The usual politics of politicking.”
“Do you think I should leave on the next transport for Celestia?” she asked in a more serious tone.
“No, Milady, your departure would raise too much suspicion. We shall simply go about our normal business.”
“So, our plan is to begin then?” Morgana asked, as though she herself would also be at-risk should the plan fail and Malik be discovered.
“Our plan begins to unfold on the morrow, tonight we sleep,” Malik replied, one more devious than the next. Yet appearances had to be maintained. Malik removed his clothing. He carried no sword on this night, typically never leaving his side, one of the rare few times. And so an early night’s rest and the following day would determine whether he lived as he wished to, as King of the Arcadians at the pinnacle of power, or died as a traitor.
The following morning Malik woke at his normal hour, and after being seen to by his attendant, he and Morgana went about their day, avoiding any possible reason for suspicion as events would soon begin to unfold. For his part, Lord Damon did the same. The only break in Malik’s routine was his incessant need to know the hour. Malik and his first were touring Skyship Arcadia, Lady Morgana as usual spending Malik’s wealth freely in the expensive shops when suddenly a ship-wide announcement was heard by all on the vessel.
“Attention citizens. Prince Caliban, son of King Hedron and Queen Amethyst, has gone missing. All citizens are hereby instructed to stop what they are doing and join in the search for the prince. No stone is to be left unturned, and no area of the city is to go unsearched. These are the instructions of King Hedron.”
At the same moment in the palace, King Hedron was ruthlessly questioning one of the guardians charged with the safety of the prince. The other two guardians were kneeling silently in the presence of the King and Queen; completely disturbed.
“And so I ask you once more, guardian. When did you first notice that my son went missing?”
“Sire, we were returning from the prince’s mid-passing meal when he ran into the Great Hall and got ahead of us. When we reached the Hall, the prince was nowhere to be found. The Hall was empty yet the doors were opened. Sire, I fear that the prince perhaps reached the unsecured portico, which is where we found his sword of youth. He may possibly have fallen to the surface,” the guardian replied, a tear running down his face, devastated by his failure to protect the prince. He would explain the circumstances, yet would make no excuses to the King or Queen. Amethyst sat quietly listening to the guardian and his recollection of the events leading up to Caliban’s disappearance; Lord Janus and Lady Ariana supportively at her side. “How could she live with this loss?” she wondered to herself.
“And do you suspect foul play, guardian?”
“Possible, Sire, but circumstances indicate otherwise.”
“Nothing is to be ruled out,” Hedron barked angrily. Looking over to Minister Prime Gaelin, the King instructed him to take the three guardians into custody, where they would undergo thorough questioning.
”At once, Sire.”
Several of the other Lords who arrived early for the meeting, including Malik and Damon, made their way to the Royal Palace to lend their support to the King. But all that could be done was being done in an attempt to locate the prince. Queen Amethyst was completely distraught, now knowing what Hedron and his first wife had gone through when they lost their first two sons. She was absolutely inconsolable, yet knew not what more could be done. Terrible thoughts were running through Amethyst’s mind, her imagination running wild. What neither she nor the others knew was that Caliban had been abducted and taken through the secret passageway behind the dais in the Great Hall, quickly silenced with a blow to the head, and was currently on his way to the surface in a transport that had left Skyship Arcadia not an hour before. Damon’s men had instructions to end the prince’s days, and once doing so leave him in a remote location on the surface of the planet where his remains would never be found. Malik and Damon played their parts well, acting truly concerned over the prince’s disappearance and quite possibly his loss. As far as they knew, their plan was unfolding perfectly.
Two more passings went by and Skyship Arcadia had been thoroughly searched without any sign as to the prince’s whereabouts. By now all of the other Lords had arrived for the meeting of the Council, yet under the circumstances it was temporarily postponed. For two passings King Hedron ate nothing, his appetite wavering, while Queen Amethyst remained utterly silent and under the care of Lady Arianna. As night approached, Hedron’s long-time attendant, Saliya, brought refreshment to the King who was alone in his private offices.
“Sire, you must have something to maintain your strength,” she said, offering the King a drink. Hedron was reclining in his chair with his arms folded over his eyes, considering all aspects of Caliban’s disappearance. No answers had been forthcoming from the further questioning of the guardians, Minister Prime Gaelin had recently informed him, yet foul play still could not be ruled out. If that were the case, Gaelin was fairly certain that the three guardians weren’t involved. In the King’s mind, as he thought back to his ascension to the throne near the time when his first two sons were lost in a tragic accident, it all just seemed too coincidental.
“Thank you, Saliya. Please leave the glass on the table.”
Deep in thought, Hedron reached for the drink, nearly taking it all in. It would be a slow-acting poison and its effects not immediately apparent, but come morning there would be no more worries for the beloved King Hedron, soon to retire for the night. Amethyst had already retired, yet she lay quietly unable to sleep. As the King disrobed and entered their bed, he kissed her gently without a word said between them. It would be the last time that he would express his love for her. As morning arrived, the guardians outside of the room quickly entered, alarmed by a loud scream coming from Queen Amethyst. They did not seek permission before so doing.
“Call the Royal Healer,” Amethyst yelled, “the King is not breathing!”
The lead guardian wasted no time, quickly summoning Valen to the royal chambers over his communication device and secondarily summoning Minister Prime Gaelin, informing him of the King’s condition. Despite the Arcadians’ advanced technology, the guardian knew deep down just by looking at the King that it was already too late; it was the end of days for Hedron. Yet still he called for the Royal Healer for the sake of Queen Amethyst, who watched silently as Valen and his attendants attempted to revive the King, but there was nothing that could be done. After a time he was brought to the medical facilities where Valen continued in his attempts, yet within an hour Amethyst was formally advised of his passing. It was all too much, and had it not been for the presence of her parents and the remote chance that Prince Caliban still yet lived, perhaps she would have ended her days right then and there.
Upon the formal announcement of King Hedron’s passing, the Council of Twelve was immediately called into emergency session. Malik’s plan had come together seamlessly, and with Damon’s support as well as that of several other Lords, Malik would seize power and within a short time following the meeting’s commencement was pronounced King. Several of the other Lords who supported his ascension had also been made promises but were completely unaware of Malik’s involvement in the King’s death. The Council had been informed by the Royal Healer Valen that there was no evidence of foul play; the poison had done its work well, leaving no traces behind. The death of King Hedron was ruled by natural causes, brought upon by distress over the loss of Prince Caliban as well as that of his first two sons. Despite Valen’s inability to find any evidence indicating foul play, Minister Prime Gaelin had his suspicions, yet knew not who to blame.
For three passings King Hedron’s body lay in state within the atrium of the Royal Palace, mourned by all Arcadians. On the evening of the third night his remains were placed in a receptacle and sent on their way to the stars, where the planet Arcadia once had been. This tradition was strictly reserved for one held so high.
During the formal ceremony held at the gates of the Palace, Lord Malik, now King, as well as Queen Morgana appeared utterly devastated by the loss of King Hedron, continuing their charade to its fullest. Amethyst, no longer Queen, couldn’t be seen behind the black veil covering her face, yet she withstood the ceremony with grace. She now mourned for not one, but two, left alone in this world all too quickly. On either side she was flanked by Lord Janus and Lady Arianna, heartbroken over the loss that she suffered. All of the two hundred guardians were in full-dress uniform and present for the commemoration to the honorable King. At a later date Malik would be formally coronated, yet first King Hedron would be mourned. Malik felt it appropriate to say some final words on Hedron’s behalf, more for the sake of ingratiating himself to his subjects and approached the podium after Ayron performed the final rites of passage. Malik cared nothing for Hedron; his sole purpose in doing so was to solidify his reputation among his people as a benevolent and compassionate ruler, which couldn’t be further from the truth.
“Subjects of Arcadia. On this night we mourn the loss of our beloved King Hedron, lost to us all too soon. We also mourn the tragic loss of his son, Prince Caliban, and take pity for one who has lost the most of all, dear Princess Amethyst. Soon King Hedron will join with the others who came before, his remains to be returned to the place where our homeworld once existed. He will be among the stars, and I ask that when you look up, you think of King Hedron so that he never be forgotten, a caring ruler who singularly had the true well-being of all Arcadians at heart.”
Turning to one of the guardians, Malik instructed him to present Princess Amethyst with the King’s sword. It was a long-standing tradition that the King’s weapon be presented to its rightful heir, yet none existed. Malik had seen to that; twice now. The tradition was adhered to regardless the fact; Amethyst accepting Hedron’s sword with composure and dignity as it was respectfully held out to her.
“Light the lights of Skyship Arcadia and all skyships within the fleet in honor of our most beloved King Hedron, now to be returned to the comfort of our own homeworld and the companionship of our ancestors.”
The guardians attending to the King’s receptacle activated its mechanisms from the control panel as it gently rose above them and began its long journey through the stars.
“Our beloved King now returns to the stars and joins with the one who created all,” Malik said, thus concluding his finest role as mourner-in-chief.
Ayron and the Brothers of the First Order looked upon the scene before them, knowing full-well that it foretold the beginning of the dark times as predicted in the ancient texts. They prayed throughout the night to the one who created all and gave thanks for the all too brief time given to King Hedron as he guided the Arcadians through compassion and wisdom. For truly he was a great man and had suffered much, and for that his name would be remembered across the centuries.
As the days and weeks passed, Malik wasted no time in instituting his harsh rule and consolidating his power. Minister Prime Gaelin was summarily removed without explanation and replaced by Lord Damon as Skyship Arcadia came under the leadership of the new King. Skyship Celestia was placed under the command of Malik’s eldest son, and between the three skyships combined, Malik could implement any policy he so wished with little opposition from any of the other Lords. Concerns were raised in Gaelin’s mind when the Guardians were relegated to lesser duties as Malik’s Black Guard was brought onto the vessel from Skyship Celestia. Ostensibly Malik’s reasons for doing so were questions regarding any possible connection in Caliban’s disappearance shortly before Hedron’s death, yet in reality his true reasons were further consolidation of his power with his own loyal forces at his command. As the weeks passed, Ayron remained completely removed from the situation, arousing no suspicions on Malik’s part as the Brothers of the First Order in general were somewhat aloof and removed from society in general, only providing passive religious guidance. If Gaelin had suspicions, Lord Janus, father of Amethyst, certainly had them as well. Shortly after Hedron’s death, Queen Amethyst became Princess Amethyst, powerless after the King’s passing. She had expressed interest in returning to Skyship Orion, yet was forbidden from doing so by Malik. Lord Janus was one of several Council members who’d always had difficulty with Malik in the past, and for all intents and purposes Amethyst was under house arrest; Malik’s solution to controlling Lord Janus. Excuses were simple on the new King’s part; concern for Amethyst’s safety considering all that had happened. He preferred that she remain on Skyship Arcadia under the protection of his own forces, stating that foul play had never been completely ruled out.
Amethyst, doubly devastated by the loss of not only King Hedron but her son Prince Caliban as well, over time had all but given up hope of his survival, choosing to believe in the end that it was an accident that took her son and nothing more. It may very well have been her inability to emotionally grapple with the alternatives. Gaelin, now in-charge of the Guardians and directly responsible for Amethyst’s safety wasn’t so certain, but he kept his doubts to himself, not wishing to further upset Amethyst. He promised himself that if indeed foul play had been the cause of all that transpired, one day he would get to the bottom of it and make those responsible pay. What neither Gaelin nor Amethyst knew, nor would they for many cycles to come, was that through sheer fate young Prince Caliban had survived, discovered by an Earther known by the name of Rowatan.



EPISODE 4: “Foundling”

On The Planet Surface
The Wildern Overhang
The Day of Caliban’s Disappearance


Phaelon was the leader of the group in this particular undertaking, three weeks in the making aboard Skyship Arcadia going over every single detail in the abduction of Prince Caliban again and again. In his mind the tricky part according to Lord Damon’s instructions was how to make it appear as though an accident had befallen the prince and not something more sinister. Phaelon thought assassination would have been much easier and carry far fewer risks and told Damon as much, but that wasn’t what Lord Damon wanted. His partners in this crime; Mordan and Tarrek. Phaelon had worked with Mordan many times in the past and knew he could count on him when needed, but Tarrek was new to the group and still an unknown quantity. With a basic plan already formed, without a doubt a third person was required to pull it off. The rest of the plan would require a great deal of luck and a bit of flexibility as it developed. Phaelon and Mordan had been in the employ of Lord Damon for many cycles handling his dirty work, but nothing up until this point was as risky as what they were currently faced with, after all, Damon was requesting that Phaelon and his team abduct the son of the King of all Arcadians and end his days, but the difficulty came in the form of making it appear as though an accident had befallen the prince who was always accompanied by three guardians. Therein lay the difficulty. At first Phaelon considered declining Lord Damon’s request, but the rewards offered were too great and couldn’t be ignored. Beyond that, turning down Lord Damon would have carried its own set of risks. By the same token if they were successful, the amount of wealth offered by the Lord would set him up for the remainder of his days, assuming of course he lived through the enterprise. “One last piece of handiwork,” he thought and he would be done with it, living out the remainder of his days in comfort. He trusted no one, and disappearing afterwards would be the easy part.
For a number of passings Phaelon had been on a buying spree in the main district which housed all of the upper-class shops, his cover being that of an itinerant trader who purchased goods and then resold them at a profit as he travelled from skyship to skyship. His purposes were many. Firstly to provide cover for his movements about the city as he acquired information, quietly listening as people generally liked to talk, especially with one willing to spend so much. His second purpose was the simple fact that the district was very close to the Royal Palace, and as he went from shop to shop he discreetly soaked in the lay of the land, looking for any weaknesses in the security measures of the guardians. If his team had any chance at all and was actually able to abduct the prince while also making it appear as though an accident had occurred, that would undoubtedly require entry into the palace itself. If they were able to accomplish their mission, they would also need a way to secret the prince away and depart Skyship Arcadia without anyone suspecting that they were behind the events. Therein came the next leg of his plan. For many passings Phaelon had been cultivating the Transport Master, day after day returning to load his transport with the goods he’d purchased on that particular day, always giving a generous tip. Typically, all cargo that came and went from Skyship Arcadia was searched thoroughly, but by having been very generous on multiple occasions to the Transport Master, Phaelon and his two workers had already been waived through several times without being searched. Phaelon had spread his coin well and now appeared as a non-threat, while at the same time the Transport Master not wishing the money to stop flowing became more and more accommodating as the days passed; Phaelon always making an effort to engage him in conversation.
At long last a stroke of unexpected luck late one night in a remote tavern regarding a secret passageway in the Great Hall was the key to all that transpired, the information coming from a retired guardian who unfortunately overstayed his welcome and said more than he should have, mistakenly thinking he was speaking to a fellow guardian. Phaelon had donned his uniform, and when required feigning ignorance when asked a detailed question as he was “new to the ranks.” Phaelon played his part well as he continued to purchase drink after drink for the old warrior, reminiscing about his previous exploits while in the employ of Lord Hedron, now become King.
“Keeper, another round for my companion,” Phaelon said more times than could be counted. He let the old guardian speak with a loose tongue, acting as though he were completely enthralled by what the man had to say. Phaelon kept up his rouge, only responding when asked a specific question so he didn’t trip himself through lack of knowledge.
“The training was the difficult part,” Phaelon replied to one, not needing to say anymore as the old man jumped right back in and again cornered the conversation, glad to have another so interested in what he had to say.
“But the guardians are the best of the best,” the old man replied loudly as he slammed his fist on the table, proud of his service. “You have a long way to go, my friend,” he added, now slurring his speech.
“As do you.” Phaelon thought. “Pride cometh before the fall.” Phaelon continued his charade and plied the old guardian with even more refreshment, and at a certain point acquired the last bit of information that determined the remainder of his plan. The old man told him of the secret passageway to the Great Hall, known by all guardians yet sworn to secrecy to anyone other than a member of the esteemed forces. Phaelon, tired of listening after acquiring what he needed, offered the now staggering guardian assistance in helping him home, concerned that he “arrived safely.” The old guardian begged off but Phaelon insisted; a new guardian joining the ranks and honored to help one who had seen so much. The old man finally relented and accepted Phaelon’s gracious offer; the last decision he would make in this lifetime, never arriving home and never again to see the beauty of the sunshine above on the only world he’d ever known. “One less loose end,” Phaelon thought as he performed the task without the slightest hint of remorse. To him it was just one more moving on to the life after, a looming eventuality for all. That’s how he rationalized his actions, but ultimately he had what he needed – a way into the palace. Phaelon didn’t realize it at the time, but soon he too would be joining his new-found friend.
The day for action at last arrived, Phaelon dressed in his guardian uniform while Mordan and Tarrek were dressed in the clothing one would expect of those in the employ of a trader as they carried a trunk between them. With so many comings and goings on Skyship Arcadia no one noticed; perhaps it was just one more trunk for the Lord and Lady of some faraway skyship or maybe even a member of their entourage. The three arrived before mid-passing at the unguarded door hidden well in an alleyway a short distance from the Royal Palace, exactly where the old man said it was. If it had been guarded, then it would no longer be a secret. The door was always locked, Tarrek solving that problem with little difficulty, and as the two waited a short distance away, Phaelon made his move. After following a number of tunnels he was eventually led to a winding staircase. As he ascended the stairs he came across one last door locked from the inside, and undoing it found himself behind the curtain in the Great Hall. He glanced at the main doors and saw that they were open. Having advance notice that the prince had gone to his mid-passing meal by a trader of information he used before, soon the son of the King would return and pass right by the Great Hall, yet Phaelon was still uncertain as to how he could possibly abduct Prince Caliban without disabling the guardians who accompanied him. He would not end their days unless absolutely necessary, but he would most certainly stun them with his sleeper, and if that were to happen they would wake with little memory of what had occurred. As the time passed Phaelon had yet another stroke of luck – the prince himself came running into the Great Hall flailing his sword of youth, pretending he was fighting off terrible adversaries as children often do. Phaelon acted quickly and stunned the prince with his sleeper, who was summarily unconscious, threw his sword of youth toward the portico, and slinging the future Lord of Skyship Arcadia over his shoulder reentered the doorway and quickly locked it behind him. He wasted little time in descending the staircase, and once reaching the final doorway opened it and waived over Mordan and Tarrek with their trunk.
“Is he dead?” Mordan asked.
“No.” Phaelon replied calmly. “We’re not off of the skyship yet; we still have to get past the Transport Master. If we’re caught before we get to the transport and the prince is dead, it would mean our lives. Better to turn on the one who pays us and live imprisoned than to see our own end of days. The final deed will be done when we reach the planet surface.”
It made sense to Mordan and Tarrek. Imprisonment wasn’t a particularly appealing thought, but most definitely the lesser of two evils. It wasn’t over yet and as the other two entered the doorway to the secret passage, the trunk was opened and Mordan reached in and grabbed Phaelon’s expensive clothing. As Phaelon changed, the prince was put into the soundproof trunk and the guardian’s uniform and sword thrown on top of him as it was locked. Once again Phaelon was an itinerant trader who had completed his shopping spree, now ready to depart with his last bit of goods with those in his employ. “Calm is the way of it,” Phaelon said to the other two as they began to make their way to the transport. The last piece of the puzzle Phaelon counted on was the Transport Master’s greed, which he had more faith in than any other part of the plan that had been so well executed up until now. They arrived quickly.
“Ah, my old friend,” said the Transport Master cordially as the three approached with the trunk carried by Mordan and Tarrek. “Another long day of shopping I see.”
“Another long day and the final day, thank the one who created all,” Phaelon answered as if tired of it all. The Transport Master looked at his log knowing the trunk should be searched, but also thought every now and then a little contraband of no consequence left the skyships with little harm done. Having a fair amount of contact with the trader over the passings and hoping for a generous gift, the Transport Master was thinking more about his future dealings with Phaelon and didn’t want to bite the hand that fed him, having grown accustomed to his generosity.
“And what do we have to claim today, my dear sir?”
“Just a little something extra for the ladies. Expensive perfumes, jewelry, and items of the like not available on the other skyships. They usually price me down on the clothing, but when it comes to selling these items I’m the one who has the upper hand.”
“Well, isn’t that the way of things?” the Transport Master said smiling, thinking of his own wife as well as his mistress. Right at that exact moment one of the Transport Master’s underlings ran up to him and indicated that two transports had just arrived, both carrying people of importance who were demanding that they not be delayed. “One moment,” the Transport Master said harshly as he turned back to Phaelon; his servant returning to his duties.
“And when can we expect to see you again?”
“Oh, perhaps three moon’s passings once I make my rounds.”
“I don’t suppose we have to waste time searching this trunk, you’ve been most gracious up to this point,” the Transport Master replied, giving Phaelon a not so subtle hint.
“That’s most kind of you,” Phaelon said, shaking the Transport Master’s hand with an overly generous bit of coin of the realm contained within. The Transport Master waived them through; Mordan and Tarrek heading straight toward their transport with the most precious cargo of all soon to leave Skyship Arcadia - the son of the King.
“You’ve been most gracious, kind sir. I won’t forget you on my next trip,” Phaelon said walking away.
Within moments all three were in the transport completely loaded with trunks they’d stored in the previous passings, all letting out a sigh of relief, disbelieving that they actually pulled it off. Phaelon sat in the pilot’s seat with Mordan to his right while Tarrek buckled himself up in the back, directly across from the trunk containing the prince. As they powered-up the transport gently rose, and after clearing the skyship Phaelon immediately put it into whisper mode, completely invisible to those down below as well as all of Arcadia’s sensors. It was old technology that remained in the transports from the wars that occurred centuries ago; all of the Lord’s reluctant to remove it should things once again ever become so desperate. Phaelon entered the coordinates of the location he’d previously scouted in one of the mined out ruins of the Earther cities below, a place where Caliban’s body would never be found and none the wiser that anything other than an accident occurred to the young prince. As time passed and they approached their destination, Phaelon turned back to Tarrek and instructed him to unlock the trunk as they hovered above the ground, still a good distance from the surface.
“Shouldn’t we just let him suffocate?” Tarrek asked foolishly.
“No!” Phaelon barked. “It must be done and unquestioned that the prince’s days have ended,” he said, not used to his instructions being questioned by an underling.
Being new to the group Tarrek didn’t want to cross Phaelon in any way and quickly unlocked the trunk, hoping that his sleeper would be used on the prince alone and not himself as well. Just as the trunk was unlocked, warning signals began to go off on the command console indicating multiple system failures on the transport – Lord Damon’s parting gift and his way of tying up loose ends as he promised Malik he would. Still ten heights above the ground, Phaelon and Mordan feverishly attempted to regain control of the craft but their efforts were futile as they went into free-fall, crashing to the surface below with a tremendous force that killed all three instantly. Prince Caliban, still in the now unlocked trunk was thrown wildly about the cabin, yet in a twist of fate it was a combination of his youth, but more than that the soundproof padding within the trunk that had been integral in the plan to end his days that actually became the means by which he survived.
After a number of hours Caliban regained consciousness, all of the age of three, not knowing where he was and began splaying his arms about in the darkness of the trunk, the lid at first partially open and then fully so once he freed himself from his confines. Half delirious, he stood and instinctively reached up to his head and looked at his hand, now red with blood. He survived the crash but wasn’t completely unscathed. Finding the escape hatch of the transport, now a battered wreck, he walked upon the surface of the planet Earth for the first time in his life. The sight of the wildern overhang in the distance seemed like a beacon compared to the ruins of the city all around him and instinctively he began walking toward it, not knowing his destination. It was nearing darkfall and he walked for as long as he could before finally collapsing. When he woke the next morning, thirst and hunger made themselves known; a feeling that Caliban never before experienced aboard the luxury of Skyship Arcadia. Again he started walking without direction, having no knowledge of the dangers that lurked all around. At one point he approached a thicker part of the greenery and not knowing what to do forcefully pushed the unfamiliar objects out of his path, creating a loud noise as he did. Yet unbeknownst to Caliban was that up ahead lay his salvation and future.

*****

Rowatan, Chieftain and lead hunter of the Katchawan tribe was at home in the wildern overhang, and this time he decided to go on the hunt by himself; there would be no others to slow him down. He took solace in the peace within the timbers; the quietness of it, sometimes feeling more at home than when he was in the village. For two passings he’d been on the trail of a herd of deerdan, and by the looks of it a fairly large one at that. It was comforting knowing that he contributed to the health of the tribe by providing food, and always seemed to fair best when he stalked alone and had the luxury of time to choose a proper deerdan to harvest from the herd, ensuring not only their long-term health but that of future generations of the Katchawan. His skills were handed down from his bringer, also once Chieftain prior to his end of days. In Rowatan’s absence, Zander, spiritual leader of the tribe would take on the mantle of leadership should any serious situations arise with the others. He would also be the keeper of peace within the tribe itself.
He was out far this time, two more passings and Rowatan would approach the Outlands, forbidden to all, yet he didn’t expect to even come close before choosing his kill. He was also lucky in that being on the hunt by himself he hadn’t come across any of the others; neither the Northers, Herders, nor Chicagons. Coming across any of the Chicagon tribe was unlikely since he headed north, completely in the opposite direction of their own village. Generally in his experience he’d be on-guard as was always the case, but the likelihood of a lethal confrontation was remote at best. The tribes for the most part were respectful of one another, but nothing was ever certain in the wildern overhang, especially if it came to a confrontation over game. As Rowatan followed the tracks of the herd, likely migrating, he looked up and relished in the beauty of the sun shining through the canopy above. Completely in his element, Rowatan moved silently through the wildern overhang without a second thought, almost as if he were a deerdan himself, when suddenly he was startled by a loud noise made by something approaching from up ahead. Choosing a large timber for cover, Rowatan kept silent and notched his bow with a feather fly as he checked the direction of the wind. As careless as the animal was, he surmised that it was most likely a bearan, fearless of all other creatures in the wildern overhang. Most definitely it wasn’t a deerdan or a pack of wolvern, either of which would make their way silently, nor did he think it any of the others who would go quietly as well. He steadied himself as the reckless animal came ever closer, ready to let fly if need be. Again Rowatan looked up as a flock of birds took flight, equally disturbed by the unusually loud noises coming from the brush, and peering through the timbers was surprised to see a younger walking in his direction, if you could call it that. He remained silent for a moment longer, making certain that none of the others were tracking him, and seeing that there weren’t placed his feather fly back in its quiver and approached the injured child, not knowing from where he came. From the direction that the younger approached, Rowatan could only guess that he must have come from the Norther tribe. At so few cycles of age there was simply no other logical explanation; certainly the child couldn’t have travelled any farther.
“Are you broken?” Rowatan asked as he made his presence known.
Caliban looked at the strange man standing before him, completely disoriented and uncomprehending and simply said “Caleb” before collapsing and losing consciousness. As Rowatan looked him over, he could see the dry red lifeblood tangled in his hair, but nothing else appeared broken. He gently checked the boy for any other injuries, and seeing that there were none took out his water hold, trying to get the broken younger to drink. How he made it as far as he did, if he was indeed a Norther was beyond Rowatan’s comprehension, but undoubtedly the God’s smiled upon this one.
Even if the younger was a Norther, his wearings were unknown to Rowatan. Offering help to one so young and possibly broken seemed a simple task, but as Chieftain of the Katchawan, Rowatan’s actions could have dire consequences. It was known that on occasion the Northers every once in a great while shunned a member of the tribe regardless of age if they were broken and deemed a burden. Perhaps his mindings were broken, but there was no knowing, yet then again he could have strayed from the Northers’ village and the others were out looking for him. Rowatan had to think, and quickly so, what action to take. “No,” he thought, “perhaps this younger strayed and became broken in the wildern overhang.” If that turned out to be the case, then the tribes would enjoy the get alongs if the Northers came looking. If Rowatan was wrong, it could very well lead to serious problems with the Northers. Rowatan knew that he would need to consult with Zander and together they would come to the decision. Alone, Rowatan was worried he would make a bad one with so much at stake. He would take care of the younger as best he could and head straight back to the Katchawan village bordering the Great Waters come the morn, but for now he laid out a skin for the broken younger to lay upon and started a warmer from the fallen timbers. Despite all that had befallen him, Caliban was safe now in an unknown land, lost to everyone and everything he’d ever known. At the time, Rowatan had no concept what this one passing would mean for the entire tribe and his family in the cycles to follow. If the younger was lost, the warmer would tell the Northers or any of the others where he was and everything would end well, but at a minimum it would keep the wolvern and bearan away for the night while the younger rested and regained his strength for the return trip to the Katchawan village.
Rowatan slept little that night, finding a spot between the timbers where he could watch over the younger and should any of the others approach he wouldn’t be back-lit by the warmer and unduly put himself at-risk if they had bad intentions. Periodically throughout the night he checked on the boy whose breathing had settled and was actually able to get him to drink from his water hold, which he suspected he’d gone without for some time. When the sun began to light the sky, Rowatan doused the warmer. If anyone was looking for the younger, they would certainly have seen Rowatan’s signal in the night. Deciding to return to the village as quickly as possible after getting the still semi-conscious younger to eat some of the dried meats and fish in his travel pack, Rowatan made a sling from the skins to carry the boy so that he could travel faster yet still have his bow at the ready. Travelling that way would be easier on the child as well. When Rowatan first left the village two passings ago, his path meandered as he followed the herd of deerdan. Although it was riskier, Rowatan would make a straight path back to the village travelling as fast as he could within reason. Knowing the wildern overhang as if he were a part of it, Rowatan reasoned he could make it back a little after darkfall. The watchers would be positioned around the village at night, and Rowatan wanting to consult with Zander before any of the tribe knew of his presence would skirt them silently and ring the bell when he reached the Center of All, Zander’s domo as well as the central meeting place for the tribe. He would have Zander look over the boy, and if he was broken Zander would apply the healings and hopefully make the younger flush, and then they would come to the decision together. The stakes were simply too high for Rowatan to decide alone.
The hours passed quickly, Rowatan now in very familiar territory as he approached the village of the Katchawan. Several times throughout the journey he stopped to rest and tended to the younger with food and drink. It seemed that the child was regaining his strength, but had been through quite an ordeal. Darkfall had settled in and Rowatan pushed on for the last hour and silently made his way to the Center of All, and once there rang the bell.
“Who rings the bell after darkfall?” Zander asked with a sense of irritation in his voice.
“I, Rowatan, ring the bell after darkfall for matters of importance that needs come to the decision.”
Zander, older than most was highly respected by all members of the tribe, not only for surviving as long as he had through the troubles of living, but in so doing it had given him a perspective that few others possessed. Zander pulled back the curtain and approached the door to the Center of All, and to say that he was surprised to see Rowatan holding a broken younger would be a serious understatement, but if he was, he certainly didn’t show it.
“It seems you ring the bell with good reason, Rowatan. We thought you went on the hunt for deerdan, yet you come back with a younger. Enter,” Zander said as he looked outside the domo before closing the door, making certain that no one else saw Rowatan enter. The sweat was pouring off of Rowatan as he picked-up his pace as he neared the village.
“And what do we have here, Chieftain?”
“I knew not what to do, Zander. I was on the hunt and thought a bearen approached, yet it was this broken younger. At first I thought him a Norther left in the timber, but then wondered if perhaps he strayed from the village. He’s not even yet four cycles old. I made a warmer should the others be looking for him, but none came. I was worried about the get alongs.”
“His wearings are very strange; very strange indeed. Did he speak?”
“When I first found him he said ‘Caleb’ and then went into the sleep. I looked after him throughout darkfall and he drank little at first and had some food. I made a sling to carry him and came straight away to the village. He seemed to get better throughout the passing and spoke words unknown to me, but he also spoke in Katchawan speak.”
“He gave the Katchawan speak?” Zander asked.
“He did. Perhaps he’s from a distant village unfamiliar to us, but how could he have possibly come from so far away at his cycles if not a Norther?”
“Very strange,” Zander repeated in a bewildered tone as he began to look over the younger, checking to see where else he was broken.
“I checked him too, and all I could find was the lifeblood dried on his head. Otherwise he looked flush.”
“We must tend to him and apply the healings,” Zander said. “If he strayed from the Norther village and they’re looking for him, it might put us in a bad way. On the other hand, if they left him in the timber deemed a burden, then no one’s looking for him and we’ll keep the get alongs.”
“That’s what I thought as well, Sayer. Have we come to the decision then? Either way we’re in the rights.”
“We have, Rowatan. I’ll tend to him through darkfall. I don’t think he’s badly broken and will become flush after I apply the healings, but no one else in the tribe must know about his presence among us for the time being. Are we in agreement?”
“Yes, we are.”
“Good. Take you leave; your journey was long. Come the morrow we’ll discuss this more and perhaps it would be best to send out some watchers further into the wildern overhang to see if any of the others approach.”
“That would be wise. I’ll take my leave and get in the sleep,” Rowatan said as he left the Center of All. Zander quickly went to work and applied the healings to the younger's head, confident the boy would recover and become flush, yet either way they’d keep the get alongs with the Northers or any others. As the morning came, again Rowatan rang the bell after sending out watchers with instructions to return straight away should any of the others approach. Entering Zander’s domo he could immediately see the boy was doing much better, actually sitting up and having a meal. His head was bandaged, but Rowatan saw no other healings applied.
“How go things?” Rowatan asked.
“I believe he will be flush. I spoke with him and he understood my words, but he also spoke words that I did not understand. I do not think him a Norther; not even Chicagon or of the Herders. He has come far, but how is a mystery.”
“What decisions should be made?”
“I think no one looks for the younger, and I don’t think him broken. Rowatan, we must take him in,” Zander said with conviction yet also searching for agreement.
“He’s no older than my Janaiya. I can’t vision see sending him out into the wildern overhang; it would mean the end of days for him.”
“Then we have come to the decision. If none of the others come looking for him within one moon’s passing, this younger is deemed abandoned and becomes a Katchawan Earther, adopted into our tribe. This one will be strong.”



EPILOGUE


For thirteen cycles the Arcadians and Earthers alike have flourished under the benevolent leadership of King Hedron. Many cycles earlier Hedron had lost not only his two sons but his wife shortly thereafter following a terrible tragedy. Never thinking he would again be a father, Hedron was overjoyed when his second wife, Queen Amethyst, informed him that she was with child and would soon bear King Hedron a son and heir. He would be known as Prince Caliban, named after an ancient one who long ago unified the various Arcadian factions, creating peace where once there was only war. Ayron and the Brothers of the First Order, the religious caste of the Arcadians have born witness to the birth of the prince, and during the ceremonial ritual the Prophet Ayron has seen several signs as foretold in the ancient Arcadian texts. The birth of Caliban would signal the beginning of the dark times. For a brief period the prince would walk among them, only to be lost yet one day return, bringing forth light from the darkness. Sworn to a vow of silence and forbidden to intervene, Ayron and the Brothers of the First Order look for any further signs signaling the beginning of the dark times. Although forbidden, the ancient texts also instruct them that they will be required to intervene upon Caliban’s return. After three earth-cycles the prophecy begins to unfold in the form of Lord Malik, a member of the Council of Twelve. As prior King, Malik is determined to reclaim the throne, and knowing no boundaries with the assistance of Lord Damon they put into motion a plan to end the days of Prince Caliban as well as King Hedron. Caliban is abducted and brought to the planet surface where his days will be ended, all thinking a terrible tragedy has again repeated itself. Within two passings’ time King Hedron is found dead, poisoned by his own attendant under threat by Lord Malik.
Quickly seizing control of the Council, Malik is again crowned King; his plot to regain power coming to fruition. Yet unbeknownst to all, young Prince Caliban through a twist of fate has survived Malik and Damon’s efforts to end his days, all but lost to those above living in their cities in the sky. Found in the wildern overhang by an Earther known as Rowatan, the injured prince is brought to the Katchawan village and treated for his injuries by the Sayer. Caliban now begins his new life on the planet surface, embraced by the Katchawan Earthers and adopted into their tribe. Not knowing his true identity, the prince will continue to survive through many hardships and the troubles of living which only serve to strengthen him, forging him into the man and future leader he will one day become. Caliban’s destiny will be fulfilled as foretold in the ancient Arcadian texts.



GLOSSARY


Arcadian Main Characters and Terminology

Planet Arcadia – original homeworld of “The Gods”
Planet Earth – where the Arcadians became stranded
Skyship – Arcadian fleet (12) hovering above Earth
Royal Skyship – skyship where current King resides
King Hedron – council leader; father of Caliban
The Council of Twelve – Arcadians’ ruling body
Lord Malik – former King and Council Leader
Queen Amethyst – wife of Hedron; mother of Caliban
Lord Janus – member of the Council; father of Amethyst
Gaelin –Minister Prime; second under King Hedron
The Healers – Arcadian medical caste
Valen – Healer to the Royal Family
The First Order - Arcadian religious caste
Ayron – Prophet of the First Order
Earthspeak – language of the Earthers
Katchawans – human tribe below Skyship Arcadia
Lord Damon – Council member and Malik’s cohort
Enclave of the First Order – residence of the religious caste
Ancient Staff – carried by Ayron, the Prophet
Rod of Truth – another name for the Ancient Staff
Law of Sanctuary – given by the Brothers of the First Order
The One Who Created All – the Arcadians deity (God)
Right of Challenge – to challenge one’s authority to the death
Sacred Chamber – exclusive meeting place in the Enclave
Keeper of the Ancient Texts – one of Ayron’s many roles
Sword of Youth – play sword used by Arcadian children
The Guardians – protectors of the Arcadian Royal Family
Livers of Arcadia – those who reside on Skyship Arcadia
Clipper – smaller transport mainly used by the Guardians
Transport – larger transport mainly used for crop collection
Transport Master – oversees operations of the transports
Whisper Mode – transports made invisible to everyone
Lady Ariana – wife of Lord Janus; mother of Amethyst
Brother Tieran – Brother of the First Order; witness
Brother Malicai – Brother of the First Order; witness
Collectors – those who gather crops in transports (unseen)
The Black Guard – Malik’s own personal security forces
The Great Hall – ceremonial meeting hall (Skyship Arcadia)
Sleeper – a deadly handheld weapon used by the Arcadians
Enok – a wolf-like creature once existing on Arcadia
Roundtable – where the Council of Twelve convenes
Queen Morgana – wife of King Janus
Phaelon – abductor of young Prince Caliban
Mordan – abductor of young Prince Caliban
Tarrek – abductor of young Prince Caliban
Fallon – son of Malik; Lord of Skyship Celestia
Saliya – Hedron’s attendant; administers poison
To end one’s days – to kill another
One height – the height of a man (6’)
Coin of the Realm – Arcadian money

Skyship Arcadia – King Hedron’s Skyship
Skyship Orion – Lord Janus’s Skyship
Skyship Celestia – Lord Malik’s Skyship
Skyship Pertheon – Lord Damon’s Skyship

Earth-hour – one hour
One passing – one day
One night – one night
Earth-cycle – one year
One century – one century
Numerology – remains the same
One moon’s passing – one month
Morn/morning – interchangeable

Katchawan Main Characters and Terminology

Wildern Overhang – the forest on Earth
Bow and feather fly – a bow and arrow
Chieftain – ruler of any tribe on the surface
Rowatan – Chieftain of the Katchawan tribe
Zander (The Sayer) – spiritual leader of tribe
Keeper of Peace – role of Chieftain or Sayer
Protectors – those in the tribe who fight
Watchers –look after the tribe at night
Deerden –a deer or herd of deer
Wolvern – the wolves
Bearen – a bear
Timber – a tree
Warmer – a fire
Darkfall – night time
Younger – a child within the tribe
Grown One – and adult within the tribe
The Get Alongs – to have good relations
In a Bad Way – bad relations with the others
Come to the decision – to make a choice
Water hold – a container for carrying water
Fishers – those in the tribe who primarily fish
Hunters – those in the tribe who primarily hunt
Plainers – those in the tribe who tend to the crops
Give the Speak – to talk in the Earther language
Broke –one who has an injury
Flush – one who has recovered
Lifeblood – blood; seen when injured
In the Sleep – nighttime, to go to sleep
On the Hide – to hide; to avoid
Skins – animal hides used as clothing and bedding
The Promise – to bind one to marriage until passing
Wearings – clothing made from hides of deerdan
Leggings – pants made from the hides of deerdan
Mocsins – footwear made from the hides of deerdan
Topper – a shirt made of cloth by the Herders
Sharper – course stone used to sharpen weapons
Cutter – a belt knife made of animal bone
Sword – proper name as told to Caleb by Gaelin
Bringer – a parent or those who came before
Bringers of Bringers – the ancient Katchawan
Emah – respectful name for mother (familiar)
Epah – respectful name for father (familiar)
Wander – member of tribe leaves to prove his worth
Healings – natural remedies used by the Katchawan
Katchawan – tribe that adopts young Prince Caliban
Northers – tribe bordering Katchawans to the north
Herders – tribe bordering Katchawans to the west
Chicagons – tribe bordering Katchawans to the south
The Others – tribes in the vicinity of the Katchawan
Those Beyond – tribes distant to the Katchawan
The Great Waters – lake on which the Katchawan live
Neyah (The Wise One) – widow who adopts young Caliban
The Outlands – forbidden ruins of the ancient cities of Earth
Those above – the Arcadians in their skyships (The Gods)
Those below – all humans living on the surface of Earth
The Give Back – to express or give kindness as given
In the Rights – to do the right thing; proper decorum
Day of Penance – when crops are collected by the Gods
Domos – Katchawan homes made of wood and mortar
Center of All – community domus where Zander lives
To Ring the Bell – request Sayer in the Center of All
Janaiya - (One Who Smiles) – daughter of Rowatan
Ephron – one of the protectors of the Katchawan
Elayna – Ephron’s promised one; his wife
Zackaria – son of Ephron and Elayna
Sorry’s – to apologize to another
Worries – to be concerned
Have the Feelings – to care for another
On the Look – to be aware of possible danger
Give the Welcome – to be accepted into the tribe
Of the Age – fifteen cycles; from younger to adult
End of Days – when one dies; passes away or is killed
Share the Meal – invite others to eat with you in domo
Troubles of Living – the Earthers’ struggle to survive
Ariel – one of the youngers who fought Caleb in his youth
Joseph – one of the youngers who fought Caleb in his youth
Connor – one of the youngers who fought Caleb in his youth
Ender of Wolvern – a title given to extremely gifted hunters
Caverns Ancient – where the ancient Earthers first retreated
Caleb (Prince Caliban) – known as “the lost one” among tribe

Times of Planting – spring
The Warm Passings - summer
The Cold Passings – winter
Timberfall – fall



FROM THE AUTHOR


Thank you for your purchase of THE LEGEND OF CALIBAN (Part 1) “Fall from Grace.” Part 1 comprises episodes 1-4 in the trilogy and in itself is a standalone work.  I sincerely hope that you’ve enjoyed it, and if so please recommend it to a friend. Feel free to visit my Author Page (Parker James) for a complete listing of all my works-to-date. Once again, my sincere thanks and best wishes.

WRITTEN REVIEWS GREATLY APPRECIATED!!!



ADDITIONAL WORKS


APOCALYPSE 2073 (Vol. 1) “The Prophecy”

APOCALYPSE 2073 (Vol. 2) “Darkness Falls”

APOCALYPSE 2073 (Vol. 3) “Redemption”

APOCALYPSE 2073
The Complete 24-Part Series

SECOND CHANCES

PARKER JAMES
Short Story Collection
