5 More Perfect Days

a companion novella by

Mark Tullius
5 More Perfect Days
Copyright © 2014 by Mark Tullius
Published by Vincere Press
65 Pine Ave., Ste 806
Long Beach, CA  90802
All rights reserved.
For information about permission to reproduce selections from this book, write to Permissions, Vincere Press, 65 Pine Avenue Ste. 806, Long Beach, CA 90802
This is a work of fiction. All of the characters and events portrayed in this book are either fictitious or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
ISBN: 978-1-938475-12-2
Smashwords edition
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
Cover design by Florencio Ares aresjun@gmail.com


It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere.
Voltaire


Table of Contents
A Note to the Reader
29-US89N4X
30-Day Program
28 Blocks
26 Pills
27 Generals
Cast of Characters
Why I Wrote These Stories
Out Now
Coming Soon
Sincere Thanks
About the Author
Excerpt from Try Not to Die: At Grandma’s House
Excerpt from Brightside
Connect Online

A Note to the Reader

5 More Perfect Days is the companion novella to 25 Perfect Days. While I have attempted to make the stories in 5 More strong enough to stand on their own, their main purpose is to enhance the original novel, answering some questions, creating others. Here’s a look how the new 5 stories fit in.

Five Minutes Alone                                                                                          August 19, 2036
Fourteen Angry Marchers                                                                               October 11, 2037
29-US89N4X  (5 More)                                                                                       June 21, 2039
Thirteenth on the List                                                                                 September 11, 2041
Nine Months Later                                                                                      December 18, 2042
Four Percent                                                                                                           June 2, 2043
Twenty-One Seats                                                                                                June 20, 2044
Fifteen                                                                                                                   May 20, 2045
Nineteen in a Row                                                                                               April 24, 2046
Ten Drops of Bleach                                                                                               May 4, 2047
30 Day Program (5 More)                                                                                 March 23, 2048
Eleven Times More Likely                                                                               August 16, 2049
Six Hail Mary’s                                                                                                    June 26, 2050
Twenty-Four Hour Bullshit                                                                          November 1, 2052
Three Sacred Truths                                                                                         August 12, 2053
Seven to Go                                                                                                      August 31, 2054
28 Blocks (5 More)                                                                                     September 30, 2055
Eight Out of Nine                                                                                        December 17, 2056
Eighteen is Enough                                                                                                 May 8, 2057
Twenty-Twenty                                                                                             November 4, 2058
26 Pills (5 More)                                                                                             January 21, 2059
Two Minutes to Midnight                                                                           November 14, 2061
One Last Bedtime Story                                                                                  February 1, 2063
Twelve O’Clock High                                                                                 November 14, 2066
Twenty-Two Pine Avenue                                                                                  March 6, 2067
Sixteen Acres                                                                                               December 24, 2068
Seventeen Soldiers                                                                                             August 1, 2072
Twenty-Third District                                                                                       March 31, 2074
25th of December                                                                                        December 25, 2076
27 Generals (5 More)                                                                                  December 31, 2076

29-US89N4X

June 21, 2039

Walt Jaworski pulled up to the gate and lowered the cruiser’s window. He slipped off the recog glasses recently banned inside HQ and faced the mirrored guard shack. When had he gotten so old? Fifty-one and still in the field, his dyed brown hair not fooling anyone. He gave his name and agent number to the small silver box, waited for the retinal scan. The gate rolled open. Walt drove through to the final security checkpoint, none of them manned by humans – Dreschner’s latest efficiency reform. Walt wondered how long before he would be replaced by a machine.
The sun reflected off the massive, gunmetal gray building. Walt parked three rows from the entrance. It’d been six months since he’d been called into HQ, and that had only been to escort an analyst to the Retraining Center. This morning, dispatch said Dreschner needed to see him. Walt knew this couldn’t be good. Rumor was that Dreschner no longer saw anyone.
Walt checked his smile in the rearview. “It’ll be fine,” he said. He got out and closed the door, the clenched fist of the Controllers’ logo emblazoned on the side. He straightened his black uniform, reminded himself he was one of the best agents in the field. Maybe this was about his oldest son, Brian, who’d been submitting applications for almost a year. Maybe they were going to finally offer him a position.
The steel door slid open and snapped shut behind him. Walt stepped into the pristine, white lobby. Huggins, Dreschner’s weasel of an assistant, was waiting, arms crossed. Talking as if he were the heavily muscled guard standing behind him, Huggins said, “Your guns. Both of them.”
Walt watched Huggins’ beady eyes. “Never had to before.”
Huggins wasn’t amused. “New policy.”
Walt handed over the .45 at his waist and the snub nose .40 strapped to his ankle.
Huggins gave the .40 to the guard, kept his eyes on Walt. “You know you’ll have to make the switch.”
Walt nodded at the Huggins’ particle pistol. “I don’t trust those things.”
Huggins headed down the hallway, finger on the .45’s trigger. “Follow me.”
Walt looked at the guard, “You a new policy too?”
The guard motioned with the .40’s barrel for Walt to get moving.
Huggins said, “You talk too much.”
Walt bit his lip. He wasn’t about to throw this job away because of some power-hungry little prick.
Walt followed Huggins into the glass tube suspended a hundred feet over the building’s Data Collection hub. Analysts in silver suits and matching headphones sat at their consoles, fingers scrolling through lines of encryption.
Becoming an analyst was even more grueling than the process for becoming a field agent. The agency couldn’t afford to hire the wrong candidate. If a field agent went rogue, he could be tracked and eliminated. An analyst could spread a million secrets. Analysts had to be meticulous, loyal, and, above all, cold. If the information called for action, they had to follow protocol. They had to be above reproach. Even though Walt had handled some things he’d rather forget, he always had the assurance that it had been thoroughly researched and based on facts.
In front of the analysts below was a giant screen playing a two-year-old clip of the President behind his desk, his words piped through speakers and scrolling across his chest. Walt didn’t have to read them or listen. He’d heard the speech a thousand times. He concentrated on his breath, tried not to think of how Huggins was walking, back straight, long strides. Walt had escorted enough people to know this wasn’t a friendly visit. He tried to think if there was anything he might have recently done, something to raise a flag.
“Look around you, at your neighbors,” the President said. “They can’t even handle their own problems. You want them handling yours?” The President leaned forward, both fists clenched on his desk, looking like a true leader, not some figurehead who had bowed before the young Preacher. “We cannot allow this nation to fail. There is too much at stake. I will preserve order. Our country will triumph!”
The glass door slid open, revealing the rotunda – an arching dome, marble floors, and brilliant white walls. Huggins said to hold on and disappeared into Dreschner’s office. Walt looked around the room. He felt dizzy. Huggins reappeared and held open the door, pointed to a silver chair in front of Dreschner’s desk. “Take a seat.”
Walt did as he was told. The chair was freezing and uncomfortable. He noticed the framed photographs were gone, nothing on the walls, no trace of what had been here during his last visit. Dreschner still looked sharp with his jet-black hair and winning smile, but something was off. Walt said, “I’m so sorry to hear about your daughter.”
Dreschner nodded. “That’s very kind of you.” He pushed a button on the desk’s console.
Strips of metal shot out from the arms of the chair. Walt couldn’t move fast enough. They wrapped around his throat, chest, ankles, and arms. A mechanical claw crept out from between his legs and guided a syringe with an inch long needle to the side of his neck. He leaned as far as he could to the left, felt the sharp tip tracing over his skin.
Dreschner pressed another button. The needle stopped. “I have a few questions. Give me the right answers and everything’s fine.”
Walt tried to stay calm, didn’t say a word. Maybe it was a test, some kind of new training program.
Dreschner turned to Huggins. “You two can go.”
Huggins glared at Walt. The door opened. Footsteps. Walt couldn’t see if the men had actually left. Walt said, “Sir, I haven’t done anything.”
“Really?” Dreschner studied him. “We’ve all done something.”
Walt wasn’t in any position to argue. He just tried to breathe. 
Dreschner pressed his finger to the wall. The blinds snapped shut and his features disappeared in the darkness. “I want to believe you, but I need to be sure.” He pressed the button again and the needle slid into Walt’s neck. “I’m injecting you with P-604. Your answers better match what I already know.”
The serum coursed through Walt’s veins. He scrambled to think of what might be asked. He feared it was about rumors regarding Dreschner’s daughter, why she’d taken her life. He’d heard the awful stories.
Dreschner sat on the desk, clearly waiting for the serum to settle in. “I hate bad news. Don’t you, Walt?”
“Sir,” Walt slurred. Everything slowed. Dreschner’s mouth was moving, but Walt couldn’t make out the words. He just heard his own heartbeat in his ears.
“Walt! When did you last speak with Vincent Morrison?”
“It was…Saturday. No, Friday. I picked up Todd after work.”
“What was discussed?”
“Nothing. Nothing important.”
“What was said?”
“Might’ve asked him how his day was going.”
“And Laura?”
Shit. This couldn’t be about that. They’d been so careful. “She was busy with dinner.”
“But she came to the door?”
“Yes.”
“Did you give her a hug?”
Walt’s stomach flipped. He started to say he couldn’t remember, but every time he touched Laura was permanently engrained. “I think so. Yeah.”
Dreschner’s smile disappeared. “I only want certainties.”
It killed Walt to be talked to this way, especially by a hand-picked puppet for The Way. “Yes, I hugged her.”
“Okay.” Dreschner slid back. “Did you always know what Vincent was planning? Is that why you referred him?”
“Sir?”
“Answer the question.”
“I referred him because he was an excellent Marine and my friend.”
“So you knew him well?”
“Yes.”
“And you expect me to believe you had absolutely no idea what he was up to? Even with all that time you spend at his house?”
“I don’t understand what you’re getting at.”
“Okay, you might be telling the truth, but let’s find out.”
He pressed the button and another mechanical claw slithered out from the back of the chair. The needle plunged into the base of Walt’s skull. The effects were immediate, and not like the last time when everything slowed. This time it felt like he was floating away from his body. His mouth was on autopilot. Walt answered each of the same questions. Thankfully, they matched, give or take a word or two.
“Your friend, Vincent, is a traitor.”
Walt swallowed. “No.”
“Yes, he is, and he needs to be brought in. We cannot have terrorists in our midst, especially one of our own. Now, you made this mess by bringing him in, and you will clean it up.”
How could Vince have betrayed anyone? Walt didn’t want to believe it. “You’re wrong about Vince.”
Dreschner stood and said, “October 24. Sacramento. Senator Humphrey’s office.” A screen popped up from the desk. The footage showed Vincent walking away from the building as people filed through the front doors. Three seconds later everything went up in flames.
Dreschner repeated his question. “Can I count on you to do your duty?”
The Controllers didn’t make mistakes. And now he’d seen it with his own eyes. 
“This is your last chance, Walt. Can I count on you?”
“Yes.”
“Good. I want him alive. I need to know how far this has spread in the agency.”
It calmed Walt to know Vincent wasn’t already sentenced to death. “I will bring him in.”
“And Laura too.”
Walt nodded as much as the restraint allowed.
“And their daughter.”
“Sir?”
“Relax. I want her brought in separately. I’ll make sure to take care of her, place her in a good home.”
Loralei, Walt’s goddaughter, was only twelve. Dreschner’s assurance he’d find her a home didn’t offer any comfort.
Dreschner held his finger over another button. “You sure you can do this? Remember, we’re all replaceable.”
“I will do my duty and defend my country.” The words every agent spoke on the day of graduation.
Dreschner hit the switch. The restraints zipped back into the chair, along with the mechanical claws. “I’m trusting you here. Fulfill your orders and Brian will have a job.”
Walt didn’t buy it. Dreschner was just bringing up his son as another threat.

The drive to Vince’s was the longest and shortest thirty minutes of Walt’s life. He exited the freeway, started down the route he’d driven thousands of times, but instead of turning at the corner, Walt went up a few blocks and made a right. He’d never been on this street before, half the houses with for sale signs, two teenagers with backpacks strolling down the sidewalk.
Another right turn. Different direction, same destination. He parked in front of the three-bedroom townhouse, a lot nicer than his own. Vince’s unmarked black sedan sat in the driveway.
Walt checked his weapon, reholstered it, turned up the radio to drown out his thoughts. Laura was like a mom to his son, Todd, babysitting him every afternoon since his mom died when he was two. Walt first saw a picture of Laura in Afghanistan. Vince had said she was the only woman brave enough and dumb enough to put up with his crap.
Walt stared at his hand on the wheel. The chip embedded near his wrist made him get out of the cruiser. The Controllers were definitely monitoring, they’d know he was stalling. He put on his recog glasses, walked up the driveway, blew out a deep breath.
Before he could even ring the doorbell, Laura answered it. “I thought that was you in the driveway.” She swept her blond hair from her eyes. “Vincent is actually downstairs. Should I get him?” Walt’s recog glasses showed elevated levels of adrenaline. She was nervous. “I was just about to start dinner. Todd and Loralei should be home from school soon.” Walt didn’t need recog glasses to know she was covering something. This was her “happily married, everything’s wonderful” voice. Vincent was probably in hearing range. “I didn’t expect you so early.”
Walt kept his tone friendly when he said, “I got off early. You said he’s in the basement?”
“Yes.” Quieter than before, she said, “Is everything okay?”
“Yeah. Boring work stuff. I just wanted to go over it with him before dinner.”
“I’ll get him then.”
Walt stepped inside, grabbed Laura’s arm. “Hold on a sec. I’ll just go down.”
“Really, it’s no trouble. He needs to come up anyway. Been down there all day.”
“I thought he had the flu.”
Laura pulled her arm back. “Is this what happens when your husband calls in sick? Are you interrogating me with your glasses?” She moved toward the basement door, disappeared down the steps. Walt pulled out his gun, started for the basement then looked down the hallway, saw their bedroom. A suitcase and duffle bag near the door.
Vince came up the stairs. “You’re a little early for Todd, aren’t you? Don’t they have art today?”
“Yeah, I came here so we could talk.”
Vincent cocked his head. “Everything okay? What’s with the gun?”
“I’m going to ask you some questions. Questions I don’t want to ask.”
Vince glanced back at the duffle bag by his bedroom, played it cool, walked into the living room. “If you don’t want to ask them, then don’t.” He stood by the end table. There was an antique candleholder next to a TV remote. Walt’s recog glasses registered them as a remote control and a weapon. Vince said, “What’s on your mind?”
“You know why I’m here.”
“No. But judging by the way you’re all uptight, I’m guessing someone’s pissed about me not showing up today. Either that or you want to admit to your affair with my wife.”
Laura, now standing in the hallway, let out a laugh, but Walt didn’t react. Vince looked like he was about to reach for the candlestick. Walt leveled the .45 with Vince’s face. “Don’t even think about it.”
Vince put up his hands. “Whoa, what are you doing?”
“You’re a goddamn traitor.”
“A traitor? What the hell are you talking about?”
“Humphrey’s office. I saw the footage. You blew it up. There were people in there, kids.”
“Man, you’ve lost your mind. You’re going to call me a traitor? In my house?” Vince headed for the hallway before the recog glasses could get a read on his vitals. Vince was walking toward the duffle bag.
Walt took aim at the back of his head. “Don’t make me do this. Don’t take another step.”
Vince stopped. Walt told him to back up, to stand next to Laura.
Laura said, “This isn’t funny, Walt.”
Walt waved her over with the pistol, kept his eyes on Vince. “Did you have this planned from the start? Did you use me to get inside the agency?”
Vince shook his head. “You know I’m not a traitor. You know this.”
“Then what’s in the bag?”
“I have a disc, okay? I read something I shouldn’t have, found out some things I couldn’t believe. Just let me show you.”
“Do not move.”
“I opened an in-house message. You can see it for yourself.”
“I don’t need to see anything. You’ll show it to them at the center.”
“You’re going to take me to the Retraining Center, huh? You know exactly what they do in there. Come on, man, this is me. I saved your life. I looked after your boys when you couldn’t even get out of bed after Carrie died.”
“Vince, I have to bring both of you in. I don’t have a choice.”
“Because it’s an order? Do you know who you’re even following? They’re killing people, Walt. For their money. They’re executing wealthy citizens and seizing their assets.”
Walt had heard the rumors. He just never thought it possible. The recog glasses said Vince was telling the truth. Still, Vince had training to survive interrogation and had to be lying. Walt ripped off the glasses.
“They’re setting me up, Walt. They are. Because I know too much.”
“Not another word. I’m not your judge. Now put out your hands.” Walt reached for his handcuffs.
“Come on, what about Loralei? Don’t do this.”
“The Director said he’d take care of her.”
Laura screamed, “No! You can’t do this. This is insane!”
He didn’t respond. “Walt, please,” Laura said. “Just look at me.”
Walt glanced at Laura. “What?”
“He’s not lying. I’ve seen the files. There are plans. It’s social engineering.”
Vince said, “Just let me show you.”
Vince started toward the bag. Walt’s finger tensed around the trigger. Laura lunged and grabbed Walt’s arm, the gun swiveling. Laura tried to rip it away. A shot fired. Laura’s eyes widened. She stumbled back against the wall, slowly slid to the floor, a trail of blood streaking down the yellow paint.
Walt looked down at his gun, his finger still over the trigger. It was if his hand belonged to someone else.
Vince fell onto his wife, her eyes staring straight through Walt.
The sound of brakes squeaking. A school bus pulled to the curb. Their kids would be coming out any second.
“Jesus,” Vince said.
“I’m sorry.”
Vince looked out at the bus. The door starting to open. “You have to kill me,” Vince said.
“What?”
“You can’t bring me in. They’ll torture Loralei to get what they want. And all I have is the disc. You have to kill me now.”
“No.”
Vince got to his feet, yanked Walt’s arm up, put the gun to his own chest. “Do it!”
The door to the school bus opened. Kids filed out.
“You have to protect her. You know what they’ll do if I’m alive.”
Walt did. They’d both be dead within the week.
“Please.”
Walt swallowed, squeezed off a round into Vince’s heart, watched him collapse onto his wife.
The screen door slammed shut as Walt walked into the yard. He cut off Loralei and Todd before they could see inside. “Come on, we have to go.”


30-Day Program

March 23, 2048

The bell rang and Gabe got up from his desk. He pretended to look for something in his bag, waited until everyone had left the room. He threw two pills in his mouth, swallowed them dry.
Gabe’s locker was ten feet from the door, but in the wrong direction. Only left turns when leaving classrooms, another stupid rule. It took him almost two minutes to circle back around each time.
He took the left, and someone kicked the bottom of Gabe’s shoe. Fucking Frankie, been doing this shit since they were five. Through his nasally laugh, Frankie said, “Hold up, man.”
Gabe kept going, made a right at the first hallway.
Frankie popped up beside him. “Gotta hit your locker?”
“No, I’m just taking a tour, dumbass.”
“You don’t have to be a dick.”
Gabe switched his focus to Derrick, the new kid, his blond hair bouncing off his shoulders. A couple of days ago they got partnered up in chemistry. Derrick wasn’t like most of the others transferred here. He didn’t seem to care if he fit in or not, hardly spoke at all. Until this morning. Derrick had asked Gabe if he shot hoops. Gabe thought it might be some new drug, but Derrick was just talking about basketball. At the end of class, Gabe agreed to play him one-on-one after school.
A line of students filed through the archway toward everyone waiting for Transport, but Derrick swerved right, snuck through the fence. Not asking permission to opt out of Transport was cause for expulsion, but Derrick walked like a man without a care.
Gabe turned the corner, and Frankie asked, “So, would you do it?”
Gabe moved onto the walkway closest to the window, split his attention between the dumpy girl in front of him and the idiots attached to their screens, oblivious to everyone around them. No one more oblivious than Bryce, standing there, drool glistening in the corner of his mouth, a different dude after The Program.
Frankie repeated, “Would you?”
“Huh?”
“Get Connected?”
“That’s just for the Controllers.”
“Didn’t you hear anything Torres said? This summer it’s open to anyone.”
Gabe had been daydreaming in class, thinking about what Derrick had said in chemistry the first day they’d been paired up, that he recognized him. Gabe had never seen him before last month when Derrick transferred.
“I could never afford it,” Gabe said.
“But if you could?”
They made their final right, stopped at Gabe’s locker, ten feet from where he’d started. Gabe pressed his thumb to the lock to open it. He said, “We’re already too connected as it is.”
“Well, I’m definitely asking my uncle.” Frankie’s uncle raked in the big bucks as an anchorman, but Frankie never saw a dime. His parents were in the same position as Gabe’s.
“You need to lighten up,” Frankie said. He dug in his back pocket and pulled out a pink envelope. “Trisha asked me to give this to you.”
Gabe looked past the note at Rocky’s locker. It’d been over 3 months since they put him in The Program. No one had heard a thing. No one was asking.
“Here, man,” Frankie said.
 Gabe grabbed the card, “Gabriel” in cursive flowing across it. He shoved the envelope in his bag, merged back into the herd.
“Well, what should I tell her?”
“I don’t know.”
“She digs you, man. You can’t keep ignoring her.”
They headed for the archway. Landon, a chunky senior training to become a True Resident for Peace, stood near the loading area in his silver sash, scrutinizing everyone.
“Man, I’m telling you,” Frankie said, “if Trish even looked at me like that, we’d have fifty fucking babies by now.”
“You’re a moron.” Gabe didn’t just mean about girls. Just like all their classmates, Frankie believed the lies his uncle spread on the news.
Gabe didn’t. His dad had explained how everything worked the last time they’d gone hiking, left their electronics behind. His dad had stood up to the Reverend and turned his back on The Way, lived to whisper about it. They hadn’t talked about it since Gabe got chipped for school, but Gabe remembered every word.
Through the six-inch slit in the wall, Gabe saw a couple of kids out on the sidewalk, only those that lived within three blocks were given free passes to be on foot. Then there was Derrick, across the street slipping through the trees.
Gabe said, “You know what? I’m not taking TP today. I’ll see you in the morning.”
Frankie chuckled. “You serious? We have to take it.”
They only lived five blocks from campus, but Transport was the rule unless they personally opted out. The glorified hall monitors rarely granted passes. The Way got paid for each body on board.
“Yeah, I’m just going to walk.”
“Dude,” Frankie said, “that’s not a good idea.”
Gabe didn’t care. He told Frankie, “I’ll be fine.”
Frankie shook his head, continued down the fenced walkway, joined the students standing four across waiting for Transport.
Gabe straightened his back the way his dad used to, tough and strong, not a scared little coward, and headed straight for Landon checking off names on his electronic clipboard. Gabe ignored the recog glasses, focused on the acne covering the senior’s face. Gabe held out his wrist. “I’m opting out of TP.”
Landon pushed out his chest so it almost matched his belly. “You have a note from your mommy?”
There was no chance of lying with Landon wearing the glasses so Gabe recited p. 53 of the school manual. “Students can be granted permission if they are fifteen years of age and request to opt out.”
Landon studied Gabe’s face, the recog glasses checking his vitals. Gabe slowed his breath until Landon scanned his wrist. “Don’t get bleached, weirdo.”
Landon wasn’t a True Resident for Peace or a Controller, but he was the kind of guy who’d track Gabe down the moment he became one. With no reason to upset Landon anymore, Gabe asked, “May I go?”
Landon flicked him in the head, and Gabe bit his tongue, walked off. The sun was brilliant, Gabe cut through the trees, stopped for a second, heard the slap of the basketball on cement. Derrick was directly across the street bouncing the ball, his button-down shirt off, now tucked in his back pocket, tight white tank top hugging his chest. At six feet, with all those muscles, he had to be close to the cutoff weight.
Derrick kept bouncing the ball. “There he is. I knew you’d follow me. You ready to get your ass handed to you?”
Gabe acted like it was no big deal. “Not today.” He lunged to steal the ball.
Derrick spun and laughed when Gabe slammed into his back. “With those moves, this is going to get ugly.”
“Yeah, we’ll see. I told you, it’s been a long time since I played.”
“Oh, I believe you.” Derrick dribbled the ball a foot in front of Gabe. “You ready?”
“I have to stop by my house first to check in.” A giant silver and black Transport rumbled down the street. The sidewalks were practically empty. There were no signs of the local gangs, no threat of having bleach thrown on his face. “Plus, I need to change.”
“Lead the way,” Derrick said.
“Nah, I’m all right.”
Derrick followed anyway. “You better not be thinking of chickening out.”
Walking with Derrick behind him let Gabe breathe a little easier. He hadn’t been out on the streets by himself since his uncle Julio’s accident left the man in a wheelchair. 
Derrick bounced the basketball off Gabe, went back to dribbling. “You’ve never opted out, have you?”
Gabe shook his head, counted the houses that’d been torn down, the others with “Reverend’s Real Estate – Sold” signs marking their destruction. Gabe’s dad had explained how all the empty lots were the work of the Controllers. They paid beyond top dollar so The Way made an easy profit.
Derrick stepped into the street so they were side by side. “Love what they’ve done with the neighborhood.”
Gabe turned to him. “I thought you just moved here.”
Derrick shook his head, his fine blond hair brushing his shoulders. “Grandparents. Mom and Dad used to bring me down every Sunday. Now it’s just me and my Gram. She’s happy to have company.”
Gabe didn’t ask what happened to Derrick’s parents, wasn’t in the mood to hear a story like his aunt Maria’s. But he finally understood why Derrick said he recognized him.
The next block down, they came to where the library had been before the Controllers converted it into a parking lot for their heavy equipment. Gabe’s house was just around the corner. He said, “Hey, man, you mind waiting here?”
Derrick took a whiff of his armpit. “Come on, I want to meet your mom. Older women love me.”
“Very funny. No, she’s already going to freak over the whole Transport deal.”
“Whatever. But if she doesn’t want to let you out, just tell her I’ll protect you.” Derrick flexed his bicep.
Gabe shoved him. Derrick didn’t budge. “Go for it.” Derrick dropped the ball, stopped it with his foot. “Punch for punch, chest or gut.”
“Yeah, right.”
“I’ll even let you go first. Come on.” A single bead of sweat dripped down his neck, soaked into the tank top. “You can ask it,” Derrick said. “I know you want to.”
Gabe looked around to see if anyone was within hearing range, where the closest camera could be. “I gotta go.”
“I know everyone’s talking about the rumor, what happened at my old school. Don’t tell me you haven’t heard it.”
Gabe softly said, “You really do that to him?”
“He called me a faggot so I was justified. The judge didn’t even trip, said I did the right thing.”
Gabe was glad Derrick skipped the details. He didn’t want to know if those things were true. “Look, I really have to go.”
“You’re coming back, right?”
“Yeah, but it might be a few minutes.”
Derrick dribbled the ball between his legs. “I’ll be waiting.”
Gabe headed up to his porch, looked over the top of his house. The skies, usually gray, had gotten worse since the Blocks sprouted up.
Gabe’s mom was already at the door, her hair pulled back into a ponytail. She wasn’t more than five feet two, but you could hear that voice a half-mile away. “What in the hell are you doing?” she said. “You scared me to death.”
“Relax, Mom.” Gabe patted her shoulder when he entered the house. “I wanted to walk.”
“I called you five times since I got the message from the Transport. You pick up when I call, do you hear me?”
Gabe kept walking, headed toward his room. “My screen was off because of class. I didn’t turn it back on.”
“Hey! I’m talking to you.”
At his bedroom entrance, Gabe stopped, turned to face her. “Mom, five calls in five minutes? Really? Think you might be overreacting?”
“No, I don’t!”
Gabe went into his room, threw his bag on his bed, slipped off his shirt. “It’s fine, Mom. Not a big deal. I’m going to play basketball, just wanted to warm up with the walk.”
“With who? A boy?”
Gabe heard the fear in her voice, but didn’t look at her. He put on his Vex-Stretch t-shirt. It sucked in the small ring of fat around his waist. He said, “It’s just a guy from school.”
“Well, who is it? You know our rule.”
Gabe unbuckled his pants. “Do you mind?”
She turned away but didn’t leave. “So who is it?”
Gabe shook off his pants, took the pink card out of his envelope and placed it on his dresser, next to a black plastic bag of magazines. He pulled on his shorts and said, “A friend. Derrick, he just transferred.”
She was looking right at him. “You’re not going anywhere until we meet him.”
“The sun’s going down in two hours. We’re just going to play a few games of 21.” Gabe snatched the plastic bag, threw it and the girly magazines into the trash.
“Don’t be like that. I know it can be embarrassing to buy those. Nothing to be ashamed about.”
He pushed past her. “I don’t need them.”
His mom shushed him, followed him into the living room and nodded at the wall screen. She kept her back to it and mouthed, “Don’t even joke.”
Gabe smiled and said, “I’ll be back before dark.” He hated the screen, but it served a purpose. All she did was sit in front of it and watch the news, while someone watched her.
“I didn’t say you could go. I want to meet this boy.”
He headed for the door. “Maybe after the game.”
“Did you take your pills?”
“Of course, Mom. Now I have to go.”
“You’re already on your second warning. Next time—” 
“I know! Stop, okay? I’ll be back.” One more violation meant The Program. Gabe didn’t need to be reminded of what that meant. He’d been hearing stories since he was a little boy.
Derrick was waiting at the corner. He stopped dribbling, took a crumpled black mask from his back pocket and slipped it over his mouth. “You got one?”
Gabe searched the light posts for a camera. “You can’t hide your face.”
“Dude, relax, we’re not protesting anything. I’m protecting my lungs. And we’re just going to play a game.”
Gabe wasn’t so sure that was true. “I don’t have one.”
Derrick reached back into his pocket, pulled out another mask. He tossed it over.
The mask was just as crumpled as the other one, but this one was grayish-white. Gabe said, “You’ve been sitting on it all day?”
Derrick started down the street and called over his shoulder. “Yep.”
Gabe slipped it on, smelled cheap cologne and something sour. It was weirdly intoxicating.
Derrick slowed down so they were back side-by-side, a slow dribble that blended in with each step. “So your mom trip on you? You seem kind of pissed.”
Gabe bit the inside of his cheek, then lunged for the ball. Derrick crossed it over to his other hand.
Derrick said, “You guys losing the house?”
“Not yet, it’s not in foreclosure. I hear them talk all the time, though, how much they’re behind, how much they’ve been offered. But my dad won’t take it, says it’s not enough.”
Derrick said, “What about heading for the Hills, working for one of the families?”
“My dad would never move into a Block. He’d die first.”
Derrick turned down a dark road. Gabe hadn’t been on it in a very long time. “I thought we were headed to the Rec Zone?”
“That place is crawling with Controllers.”
Harrow Park was just down the hill. It’d fallen into disrepair. Thick brush crept onto the paths. Dying branches hung over the rusty playground. Strands of ivy covered the fences around the courts, turning them into secluded caves. A few men hung around the baseball dugout, another two by the bathrooms. Gabe thought about bleach attacks, he asked about criminals.
“Stop worrying. I told you, I’ll protect you.”
“We shouldn’t be down here.” The men were all fit, muscles showing under tight shirts, but no one seemed to be here for sports.
Derrick opened a small gate and slipped onto the basketball court. The sun filtered through the ivy. It was private, but not as dark as Gabe had imagined. The sky was still bright and gray above.
“We try to keep it clean,” Derrick said.
Gabe noticed a condom wrapper in the corner.
“Full court or half?” Derrick asked and took off his shirt.
“We only have until dark.”
“That only gives me an hour or so to kick your ass.” Derrick chucked the ball. The sharp sting of it slapped against Gabe’s palms. Derrick’s bright blue eyes pierced through him. He crouched down defensively. Gabe dribbled, angled his body to block Derrick from the ball. He tried to move right. Derrick cut him off, forced him left, Gabe’s weakest hand. Derrick whispered, “Come on, faggot.”
The words seared through Gabe’s mind. He dribbled faster.
“You can’t beat me, faggot.”
“Shut up.”
“Why, faggot?”
All it took was a rumor to get you put into The Program, and Gabe already had two warnings. Anyone could be listening: undercover cops, Controller camp kids, snitches sent in as lures. Maybe that’s what Derrick was? Gabe glanced up, expected to see a closed-circuit camera in the sky or hidden in the ivy. 
Derrick whispered again. “Faggot.”
Gabe picked up his dribble. Derrick smacked the ball out of his hands, pinned Gabe against the fence, slowly pulled down Gabe’s mask.
Derrick said, “What about me? You think I’m a faggot?”
Gabe wanted to run or throw a punch. Why weren’t his pills kicking in? Derrick’s face was so close to his.
Gabe’s voice trembled when he said, “Please.”
Derrick took off his own mask, leaned in, the cologne and sweat so strong. Their lips pressed. Gabe closed his eyes. All the dreams, the fantasies he’d blocked out coming true. He opened his mouth, kissed back, rough but gentle and frightened.
A man shouted, “Shit! Controllers!”
Gabe pulled away, his lips still burning.
Derrick peered through the ivy. “Oh no.”
Gabe rushed next to him. Four patrol cars. Two men being tackled next to the bathrooms.
A young Controller stepped onto the court. He had a perfectly plastered part in his blond hair, his jaw clenching like he’d been waiting all morning to crack someone’s skull. “Well, what the fuck do we have here?”
Derrick stepped in front of Gabe. “We’re just playing basketball.”
“Yeah, right.” The Controller ignored his electro prod, went straight for his plasma baton, the blue pulsing current flowing up and down the wand.
Derrick threw up his hands. “Hey, man, we don’t want any trouble. We’re just playing a game.”
The Controller’s fingers tightened around the handle. Derrick clenched his fists. Gabe knew what was going to happen, but he couldn’t move, couldn’t reach out to pull him back. Derrick lowered his shoulder and charged at the Controller, who raised the plasma baton. Derrick beat the blow and tackled the Controller. They rolled over and over until Gabe heard the crackling of burning flesh, the Controller’s scream. Derrick pressed the blue pulse to the man’s neck. Gabe closed his eyes, the sizzle echoing in his ears.
“Go!” Derrick said to Gabe.
Gabe couldn’t look away from the gaping black ditch in the Controller’s throat. “W-what did you do?”
“You have to go!”
Gabe saw the open gate, another squad car pulling up. He still couldn’t move. Derrick ran over, shoved the mask back onto Gabe’s face.
“You don’t have a choice. You won’t survive The Program.”
Gabe stood frozen, kept whispering, “No.”
Derrick grabbed him by the arm, yanked him towards the gate, shoved him onto the path. Another Controller was barreling down the hill. Derrick squeezed the plasma baton. “Go!” he screamed, then ran for the Controller. Gabe watched for a second, turned, then angled away from a screaming man with two Controllers kicking him in the gut and face. There was nothing between Gabe and the trees. His face was hidden. There was nothing left to do but run.


28 Blocks

September 30, 2055

Frank Hollister strode through the shadow of Inner Block Four, sixty stories of steel and black solar windows. The particle pistol holstered under his jacket did little to ease his nerves. It wasn’t the residents. The smell from the aqueduct kept all but a handful inside the massive complex covering almost three square miles.
The demonstration was supposed to go down next Sunday night, but Gabriel had pushed up the meeting to eleven o’clock today. Gabriel had been acting paranoid. Frank hoped he just wanted to go over the plans one more time to be safe.
Frank stepped inside and joined the masses. All Blocks were designed exactly the same, fifty-nine floors of wall-to-wall dorms, one entrance on each side of the building. The first floor was the bazaar – clothing stores, electronic stores, a grocery store, movie theater, church, bank, and even a casino. Everything provided. No reason for anyone to ever leave.
Gabriel called it their prison. Everything could be locked down in sixty seconds.
Two teenagers stood off to the side of the stairs, both wearing black armbands. Neither looked familiar, but Frank hadn’t met everyone in the faction. Something wasn’t right with these two though. Something about their eyes. They seemed to be looking at nothing.
Frank moved through the bazaar, surprised how crowded it was, a sea of black and gray, the end color of everything. Usually he came in on Transport. It took him to the basement. He’d walk straight to Kyle’s room for briefing. Today Frank was coming from Controller Station #56. He worried someone had been following him, knew he’d been working as a snitch. Maybe this was a setup.
Frank slowed, let others bump past him as they hurried into the market, joined the fast-flowing stream to the pharmacy. Up ahead giant glass elevators sprouted from the middle of the open floor. Frank turned back. The two teenagers were gone.
Around the corner was the Confessional. A line of sinners snaked through the bazaar. Today was the day to pay dues or give names. It was easy to tell from the way most were standing which one they’d picked.
A Controller in black body armor stood at the Confessional’s entrance checking wrists. 
A hand clamped down on Frank’s shoulder. “Hey man, how you doing?”
Frank spun around, already reaching for his gun, but stopped when he saw it was Steve Cooper, a guy he hadn’t seen since high school. Frank forced a smile, talked softly so Cooper would keep it down. “I’m good, I’m good. You scared the hell out of me though.”
Cooper laughed, looked smug in his shiny blue suit. “You live down here?”
“No, just here to see some friends.”
Frank’s little cousin, Kaiden, came over the Connect, a voice only Frank could hear. Exactly. Now get to it. Kaiden had just been promoted to Disciple and transferred to the Controllers. He clearly relished this new power over Frank, who used to torment him as a boy.
Frank ignored him and asked Steven, “How about you? You living here?”
“No, wife and I have a house on the skirts. Trying to stay close to my dad’s clinic.” In high school, Steven used to get the best drugs from his old man’s office.
“Skirts, huh? You should probably be heading home, right? Rush hour and all.”
“It’s Sunday, Frank.”
Today was only supposed to be a demonstration, but with Gabriel moving up the meeting, Frank feared this could get dangerous.
Kaiden warned Frank to be quiet. Frank eased open his jacket, exposed the butt of his pistol. “Head home.”
Before Steven could say anything, Frank walked off, tired of Kaiden bitching him out. You follow instructions, Frank. You hear me?
Frank turned down the controls so Kaiden could only hear what was spoken, not Frank thinking he was an asshole. Taking orders from a spoiled seventeen-year-old was becoming unbearable, but Frank was in too deep to speak up.
The liquor store was next to the Confessional. Frank thought it fitting as he headed to the back of the line. Gabriel and Kyle were standing right where Gabriel said they’d be, not thirty yards from the Confessional entrance. They were definitely on camera, but didn’t seem to care.
The Controller’s Station looked empty, but Frank knew it wasn’t. Six Controllers ran the complex of holding cells, another six on patrol. A dozen agents for 80,000 residents.
Frank turned up his Connect and thought, Gabriel’s here. With Kyle. Both in black coats.
Kaiden acknowledged him, told him to stop looking suspicious. There was a glass mechanical eye on the pole in front of him. Everything always on camera.
Frank noticed two more of Gabriel’s guys hanging by the fence.
Kaiden was no nonsense. Approach the faction leader.
If Gabriel heard those words, he’d laugh. He never saw himself above the resistance, just another body for the cause. Frank slipped out of line and stood in front of Gabriel, blocked him from the station’s camera. Frank forced a smile. “So, what’s new?”
Gabriel said, “There’s a change of plans.”
Frank had known Gabriel since they were young, but a lot had changed in the last seven years, and it wasn’t just the beard.
“What’s up?” Frank prayed to The Preacher that Gabriel was calling off the demonstration. Even a simple protest typically ended with people hurt, harsh warnings for lasting reminders.
Kyle, a stocky blonde punk with an eye patch, stepped forward. Gabriel’s right-hand man that never left his side. “How about we stop talking out here?”
They moved through the crowd and into a stairwell. Gabriel closed the door and said, “Things have escalated. We’re taking over the Block.”
Frank thought to Kaiden, Are you getting this? No response. Frank said, “Taking over how?”
Gabriel pinned a thumbnail camera to Frank’s jacket, patted him on his shoulder. “Don’t worry. Your job’s the same. We have two minutes. Are you in?”
Frank’s mind scrambled for an excuse, a reason why he had to leave the building. “What happened to the demonstration?”
Gabriel opened his jacket, gave a glimpse of all the weapons strapped underneath. “All you have to do is film. Take the internal as backup and don’t stop rolling.”
Frank thought, What should I do, Kaiden?
Still nothing. Frank figured this stairwell was blocking the connection. Maybe they’d brought him here because they knew who he was.
Frank looked up the stairs, didn’t see any more of their guys. “I still don’t understand what’s happening here.”
Kyle said, “All you have to do is film. Can you handle that or not?”
Frank didn’t need the recog software to know Kyle didn’t trust him, that Kyle would kill him if he knew Frank was a snitch. He said, “I can handle it.”
Gabriel zipped up his jacket. “We’re putting an end to this. The word will spread. We’re broadcasting everything.”
“What about Cameron?” Frank asked. Cameron was supposed to be filming too.
“Cameron got scooped up this morning. He’ll probably talk. That’s why it has to be now.”
“Okay, look,” Frank said. “Even if we take over, what then? If the other Blocks don’t participate, it means nothing.”
Gabriel said, “They’ll see the video and join. I have each leader’s word. Once this goes out, everyone will follow.”
Frank wanted to say no one would see the video, that the Controllers had already blocked the signal when they heard about the demonstration. Nothing would be transmitted until it’d been through their filter. Instead, he nodded along to Gabriel, glanced at the door. The Controllers were just outside. Frank wondered how far they were going to let this go.
Gabriel pressed a panel on the wall next to the stairs. A secret door slid open. A lanky kid in a trench coat stepped out, along with five other teenagers. Gabriel looked at Frank, rubbed his scraggly beard. “How do I look?”
“Determined.” Naïve.
Gabriel opened the door. His men filed out, clearing a path for Gabriel. Frank moved left to get the Controller’s Station behind Gabriel, just like they’d planned.
Frank thought he’d hear Kaiden’s voice, but there was just a light buzzing noise. He wondered if Gabriel had jammed his Connection.
Gabriel raised both arms, a particle pistol in each hand. “Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the revolution!”
The Station’s door slid open and four Controllers rushed out, ran right for them. A circle of rifles aimed at their heads, the Controller in the middle shouting, “Get down! Get down on your knees.”
A crowd circled to watch the show, a wall of bodies behind the Controllers. Men and women inching closer. Gabriel kept his smile and slowly turned around. He shook his head. “No, you get on yours.”
“Drop your weapons!” a Controller yelled.
The wall of bodies came to life, a dozen men dashed in. They were all wearing black armbands, driving knives into the Controllers’ throats.
The resistance swept up the rifles, ran towards the Station, Gabriel and Kyle right behind them. Frank stood there shaking. “Holy shit.” The pooling blood spread across the tile, flowing around his boots.
Don’t be stupid. Just do what you’re told. Keep filming. Kaiden’s voice was back. Or had it been there all along? You want your parents getting a late night visit?
Frank chased after them. Kyle shattered the glass, tossed in a grenade. The blast cleared, and six resistance fighters slipped inside, shots fired. All but one came back out, announced it was clear.
Gabriel turned to Frank. “You getting all this?”
Frank could only nod yes.
“Follow me!” Gabriel led the way into the station, pushed aside the dead body on the chair, sat at the monitor. He looked at the camera on Frank’s chest. “The first step is separation from the Controllers. We don’t need you.” He punched in a code to seal the doors. Then he turned off the Transport. “No one will be leaving this building, no one will be entering.”
Kaiden, you there?
Gabriel rose. “We will no longer be controlled. We will no longer pay for our own enslavement.”
Gabriel stepped out of the station, two rows of men keeping the civilians back.
Frank positioned himself so he had Gabriel’s profile. A bead of sweat running down his forehead, Gabriel addressed the audience. “They created these Blocks to keep us contained, to keep us under their control. But these Blocks don’t belong to them. They belong to us!”
Some in the crowd cheered. Others looked uneasy, slowly backed away.
One guy in the front shouted. “They’ll kill us.”
Gabriel laughed it off. “They already are. They sent our brothers and sisters into South America to die for nothing.”
“What are you talking about?” the guy said. It was clear they had no idea what really was going on with the war. The confusion turned to anger. A woman said, “They’re going to be coming for us now!” Someone else shouted, “They’ll send in the drones!”
Panic rose. Screams, chaos, people pushing.
Gabriel told Frank to keep the camera focused on him. “This is for the good of our brothers and sisters. You have to see that.”
A little girl began crying. Gabriel was losing control.
Keep him talking, Kaiden said.
Gabriel’s face was bright red. More screams in the distance. Gabriel spoke of chemicals in the water, of microchips, and government spies among them. “Their lies are everywhere! But it all comes crashing down today!”
Yes! Got it.
Got what? Kaiden, where’s the cavalry?
No response.
Gabriel stopped midsentence. The panicking crowd was dispersing. A man fell. Trampled.
“Are we still broadcasting?” Gabriel said. “Frank?”
Frank turned away from the poor man and nodded, even though he knew they weren’t.
A deep voice came over the Connect. Third back on your left, gray hat, recogs. Stop him!”
Frank turned, searched the crowd, found the guy, who pulled out a particle pistol.
Frank went for his holster, tore out his gun. He was about to fire when he noticed the guy wasn’t aiming at a person, but at a silver orb hovering near the fourth floor.
Lankford, take him out!
Who the hell is Lankford? Frank thought.
A man with a black armband emerged from the crowd, fired three shots. The gray hat fell to the floor.
Seemed Frank wasn’t the only infiltrator. 
The voice said, T-minus ten seconds.
Frank kept his gun out, steadied his shaking hand. Who is this? Where’s Kaiden?
Nine.
Frank went deeper into the Connect, saw Gabriel’s face on monitors around the city. 
Eight.
Gabriel was speaking, his words already edited.
“Welcome to the revolution!”
Seven. Six.
“These Blocks don’t belong to them.”
Five.
“They belong to us!”
Four. Three.
“And today…”
Two.
“…it all comes crashing down!”
Oh God.
The first explosion came from the second floor. A cloud of plaster and glass rained down on the bazaar. Another blast hit the front entrance as a group of people tried to escape. More charges started going off everywhere. A family of three flew through the front of the electronics store. A shard of metal sliced off a woman’s arm. Everything slowed. Frank fell flat on his back, rolled to his side as Gabriel ran for the little boy, both of them buried under a collapsing wall.
What had they done?


26 Pills

January 21, 2059

Steven was half asleep as he carried his baby boy into the kitchen, his slippers dragging over the tile. He pulled his child against his robe and shushed him. “Come on, buddy,” Steven whispered. “Not now, dude. It’s too early.”
Mattie whimpered, but got quiet when Steven took the bottle from the fridge. “Here you go, little man.” Steven headed into the living room. The soft, electronic chirp of a cricket came from the black screen. He eased into the recliner and said, “Beach.” The screen flashed to a sunny day, gentle waves lapping at the shore, deep blue skies above.
Mattie snuggled into Steven’s chest, closed his eyes as he sucked on the bottle. This was their time, the few moments before work with his boy. Steven worked seven days a week to pay the mortgage on the house, but he’d need to work eight to hold onto it, especially now that he’d been stuck with his dad’s legal fees. The man had been dead over a year, but the bills kept coming in.
Steven eased his head back and closed his eyes. The lull of the ocean and Mattie’s soft breaths let Steven drift into the memory of when Loralei and he moved into the house. They drank wine on the floor and slept under a pile of winter coats. Loralei said this would be the place they’d one day die.
Tap! Steven snapped awake, the baby bottle plopped onto his lap. He turned to the window expecting he’d see the Controllers.
It was a bird, a kind he hadn’t seen since he was a child. Nothing but crows dared the skies of San Angeles.
Mattie yawned, his eyes blinking to focus. Steven set the empty bottle on the carpet and eased his son towards the window. “Look, Mattie. It’s a blue jay.”
The jay picked up a nut from the ledge and cracked it in its beak. Steven checked for Mattie’s reaction, but the boy was back asleep. The bird hopped off the ledge and flew towards the dying tree out front.
The clock said he still had forty minutes before he had to leave for work. He thought of going back to sleep, but decided to show Mattie the bird, that their neighborhood wasn’t all death and gloom.
Steven set Mattie in the basinet, listened to the house for a few seconds – nothing but the lapping waves. He headed into the kitchen, reached on top of the fridge and brought down a small pill bottle, shook out the contents. Only four Coralmine pills left. There’d been 30 when he bought them five days ago.
The pills were free to every Blocker. They increased productivity. Loralei refused to have them in her house, said they caused too much stress and anxiety.
The tab dissolved on his tongue, the effect immediate, everything clearer in a rush. Not crystal, but so much better than the fog Steven stumbled around in.
He stepped over to the laundry and took off his robe, changed into the black shirt and pants, scuffed up leather shoes. The pill bottle went in his suit jacket he’d left hanging by the door. Steven swigged some stale coffee, grabbed a tiny filtration mask, kissed Mattie’s forehead, slid the mask over his fine red hair. Mattie smiled through the plastic visor and opened his deep blue eyes. The left was a little lazy, just like Steven’s father’s, the man responsible for Mattie even being here.
Steven started to stand but was jerked back down, Mattie’s hand clutching his tie.
“You’re getting strong, buddy.” He peeled off Mattie’s chubby fingers and gave him another kiss. Steven wrapped the brown blanket under Mattie and said, “Come on, I’ve got a surprise for you.”
The moment Steven stepped outside he felt like a new man. He ignored their yard of dirt and dead leaves, once a garden before the Block was erected and cut off all but a sliver of sun.
The Block’s glimmering black wall was all there was to the east. It drew everyone in and never let them leave. We’re all moths.
Steven reminded himself he’d come here to show Mattie something delicate and good. He walked Mattie into the yard, noticed the tree was empty. He checked the cables for the jay, ignored the buzzing of foot-long saucers peppering the sky. The bird wasn’t up there either. There were no bushes to hide in for miles.
Steven, still looking up, kicked something, fell forward. He caught his balance. Mattie squirmed out of the blanket. “Oh God,” Steven said. He’d tripped over the bird, lying flat, its left side a diseased mass. Steven nudged it towards the trash incinerator. He’d throw it in later with gloves.
Right now Mattie deserved a walk. The neighborhood was relatively safe, especially this early. Steven took the usual path, the one Loralei used to walk to work, back when she’d leave the house.
Mattie kept his eyes on his father, uninterested in the decaying trees. Steven searched for words of wisdom, something about appreciating everything around you. He tried to remember all the things his dad had told him. The man had risked everything to help them and died because of it. The burned out remains of the clinic were at the end of the street. The Controllers had torched the place after Steven’s father had been charged with sterilization tampering.
Steven had spent so much of his life in that building. It’s where he met Loralei ten years ago, the cute little tech who would smile, but hardly talk. His dad had trusted her with everything, loved her as his own. That’s why he’d performed the surgery. She desperately wanted a child. Mattie was the final gift Steven’s father would ever give. Six days after he was born, the clinic was raided and everyone arrested. Loralei’s name popped up in the files. The Controllers scanned her, knew she’d been sterilized and it’d been reversed. They gave Loralei ten seconds to make a choice: testify or have Mattie taken away.
Loralei told them everything. Steven’s father was executed the following week.
“Steven Cooper!” a deep voice boomed. “Return to the sidewalk!” It came from a metal speaker in the light post.
Mattie burst into tears and Steven leapt back onto the sidewalk. He didn’t even realize he’d wandered off the curb. The pills usually kept him completely focused. He wanted to shout that there weren’t any vehicles out, that it was safe, but it’d only make things worse.
The speaker on the light post said, “Jaywalking violation. Automatic withdrawal of $452.”
“Of course,” Steven muttered. He calmed Mattie down and crossed at the corner, tried to stay upbeat. He hummed a song his father used to sing to him.
They turned back onto their street. A woman paced their yard. Loralei. Her eyes popped and she sprinted at them, her robe flapping behind her. Loralei pointed at their house. “Get inside!”
Mattie cried.
“Lower your voice,” Steven said.
She leapt for Mattie, her fingernails digging into Steven’s forearm. “Now!”
Steven shielded Mattie with his back. “What is wrong with you? I could have dropped him.”
“Why the hell are you out here? You promised!”
There was always someone listening, even outdoors. Steven yelled, “We were on a walk. Where do you think I’m going?”
Loralei forced him towards the porch. “We said no going outside. We agreed.”
“It’s not going to kill him.”
She took Mattie. “It’s okay, baby.”
Steven said, “You need to calm down. You’re scaring him.”
Loralei took a deep breath and blew it out. “You promised you would never do this.”
“He’s my son, Loralei.”
“Then act like it. Protect him!”
“You need to stop getting so hysterical and paranoid.” Steven’s hand was shaking. He felt sweat beads on his neck even though it was chilly.
Loralei stomped her foot. “I’m not paranoid! This is our child! Look at you,” Loralei said. “You’re jittering. You’re on those God damn pills, aren’t you?”
Steven clenched his fist. “Of course I’m not. Don’t turn this on me.”
Loralei shook her head in disgust, entered the house. Steven started to follow, but she slammed the door in his face. Steven grabbed the knob, almost threw open the door, but stopped. He could hit the baby. He backed off the porch, his heart thumping so hard he felt it in his head.
Still had another twenty minutes before he had to leave for work.  He closed his eyes, breathed. Loralei would be upstairs in a few minutes, and he’d be able to get his stuff and go.
The diseased bird was still by the incinerator. He walked over to the garage, scanned his palm and it opened. He grabbed a pair of work gloves and a lead-mesh bag. The gloves were snugger than usual.
Steven walked back to the incinerator and squatted down next to the bird, its healthy side up. When he was a boy, he used to see blue jays like this all the time behind the clinic, back before the skies turned to ash. The news said it was due to a meteor shower colliding with the moon, the particles drifted into our atmosphere. That’s what the newscasters said. But everyone knew it was the factories outside Zone 45. Black gunk poured out of the stacks night and day for over a year until they built the iron walls to hide the truth, forced everyone to move down into the valleys so they couldn’t see what was being pumped into the sky.
A distant boom reverberated through the streets. A rumble shook the ground. Steven nearly fell onto the bird. He turned and saw flickering orange lights coming from the Block. He shielded his eyes, squinted, saw the black solar panels had been blown out about halfway up the massive wall. Fires inside.
Sirens blared, and Steven covered his ears, the rough fabric of the gloves dragging across his skin.
“Residents, return to your homes immediately,” The speaker on the light post announced. “This is not a drill. All residents return to your homes immediately.”
Steven stood and saw something racing out of the block. A motorcycle kicking up dust. It drew closer. Sparks flashed around the bike.
A Controller on top of the Block was shooting. Steven found himself walking towards the bike barreling over the hill and down his street. A bullet pierced the back tire. The rider launched over the handlebars and slid across the pavement, the mangled bike following, finally crashing into a parked car.
The rider tried to roll over but fell back. Steven ran into the street.
The speaker on the light post said his name. “Jaywalking violation. Automatic withdrawal of $452.”
Steven knelt by the rider, saw his own reflection in the mirrored visor. “Just lie still.” But the rider wasn’t staying put.
“They’re coming,” a young woman said.
“Just relax.”
“They’re going to kill us all.”
“Okay, just lie back. You could be bleeding inside.” Steven looked around, didn’t see any blood on the street or around her body.
“Resident Steven Cooper, step away from the fugitive,” the speaker commanded.
“Please. Help me,” the young woman said.
“It’s okay. You’re going to be okay.”
“This is your second warning,” the speaker said. “Step away from the fugitive.”
Steven looked back towards the Block, saw three Controller vehicles zooming out of the gates.
“Take me inside,” the young woman said. “You can’t leave me here.”
The Controllers were closing in.
Steven scooped her up and carried her into his yard.
“Resident Steven Cooper, you are in direct violation of security command.”
“It’ll be all right, it’ll be all right,” Steven repeated.
Loralei threw open the door. “What are you doing? Who the hell is this?”
“Get out of the way!” Steven pushed past Loralei and set the young woman onto the couch.
“Residents, a known fugitive is being harbored in home 1312.”
“Steven, get her out of here. Now!”
The rider pulled off her helmet. She couldn’t have been a day over sixteen. “Thank you.”
“What happened to you? Why are you running?” Steven asked.
“Who cares? Get her out of here!” Loralei said.
“We were just protesting the new ordinance when the Controllers opened fire. They shot Timothy in the head. They just shot him. We weren’t even doing anything. We just had some signs. We were singing a song, and they just killed him.”
“This is your final warning,” the speaker said.
Steven swiped hair from the teenager’s eyes. “What’s your name?”
“Kate.” Her jaw clenched as she shook her head back and forth through the tears. “I’m so sorry. I couldn’t help him.”
“There’s nothing to be sorry for. Everything’s going to be okay.”
Sirens grew louder. The Controllers had arrived.
Mattie cried from upstairs. Loralei must have put him in his crib.
“Oh God, they’re coming,” Kate said.
“Yes, and you have to go!” Loralei gripped Kate’s arm, yanked her. Something popped in Kate’s shoulder. She screamed.
“God damn it, let her go!” Steven said.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” Loralei said. She stumbled back towards the front door.
“Residents, you have ten seconds to send out the fugitive or we will use force,” a Controller said through a megaphone.
“Tell me exactly what happened,” Steven said.
“You can’t send me out there. You can’t!” Kate said.
“No one’s going anywhere,” he said. “Just tell me what happened.”
“We were just singing, and people started gathering around. A family joined us.”
Loralei threw open the front door, her arms raised. “This isn’t what you think! She forced her way in. Please help us!”
“Get down on the ground!” a Controller yelled.
“They’re going to kill me, aren’t they?” Kate said. She was trembling, her eyes locked on the window. A buzzing grew louder. A steel saucer hovered near the dead tree. Two metal flaps opened underneath the saucer. A tiny missile.
“Loralei, get away from the door!” Steven yelled.
“Oh God, no,” Kate cried.
Steven stood, ran for his wife who was refusing to get down.
“Just take her!” Loralei screamed.
Steven was only three feet away when he heard the whoosh of the missile cutting through the air. A blinding light filled the room as it rocketed inside their home. Loralei’s head splattered into a thousand flecks, the ringing in his ears forced him to his knees. He looked down, saw the severed white bone of what used to be his left arm.
He tried to turn back to Kate, but stopped at the window. Another missile. Another whoosh. A flash.
Then nothing at all.


27 Generals

December 25, 2076

Prior to the liberation, Jordan Longley had never been on a Transport. Now she practically lived on one, about to finish her fiftieth sortie in the last six days. She was supposed to be on her honeymoon with Matthew, but there could be no time off. Instead of lying on the beach sipping cocktails, she was fortifying her husband’s army.
The light armored bus rumbled through the deserted trash-strewn streets of the District. Jordan rode shotgun, on the lookout for potential recruits, as images from the past week flooded her mind – a slow-motion slide show of the people she’d killed, the ones she couldn’t save. Some were Controllers, but most were citizens wearing their silver and black. A lot of them just kids. The memories Matthew couldn’t modify.
Jordan sat up straight. She checked the streets, re-gripped her plasma rifle.
Elias, a Disciple turned driver, said, “Everything cool?”
“Yeah, we’re good. Nothing on my side.”
“One more sweep. This is it for today. Then home.”
“Good.” But Jordan had learned not to get her hopes up. They’d started with thirty-six generals and had already lost a fourth of them. And even if they made it back to the City of Lights, there was no telling where Matthew would send them next. Each District crawled with loyalists who were prepared to die.
They drove into the shadow of Inner Block Four which had been built bigger and badder in its resurrection. The message to the “terrorists”: You will never win.
It was a message the loyalists heard loud and clear. On her first sortie in Block Fifty-Three, Jordan had been stupid enough to just walk through the front door. She found a group of men claiming they wanted to join. They recognized her immediately, went after the price on her head. If it hadn’t have been for Elias, she’d never have made it out.
Elias was all business, his dark eyes darting between the road and the screens. He was eighteen like Jordan and had been in the same Camp, but they rarely talked. Not about him saving her. Not about what she did to the Preacher. Not about Savanna, Elias’s live-in, who became one of the Rebellion’s first casualties when he caught her attempting to report them.
The Transport slowed to a crawl as it approached the intersection, a practice they’d started after the first ambush attempt. Elias pointed out Jordan’s window, down the shadowed road to the Block’s main entrance. “Something’s going on down there,” he said.
Even with her upgraded vision, Jordan couldn’t see more than a few hundred feet. She turned to the Transport’s screen and tapped into the Block’s cameras, stopped when she got to the group of people gathered around the benches just outside the entrance. They appeared to be shouting. Jordan turned on the speakers in her helmet. Frightened voices filled her ears. These people needed help.
“Look, Elias. We have to get them.”
Elias pointed to the route pulsing on the dash. “No, we’re steering clear of this.”
Jordan tapped the side of her helmet. “I hear them. They need help.”
Elias shook his head. “We don’t have enough room. And we have orders.”
Jordan saw there were too many people and not enough men, the ones Matthew wanted as warriors. But she also heard a baby, a mother pleading for a ride. “Screw the order. We’ll get as many as we can.” Jordan hit the e-brake and the Transport jerked to a halt in the middle of the intersection.
“What the hell, Jordan?”
“We’ll be in and out.”
Elias scrolled through the camera feeds, three miles of Block Four on the left, a strip of grass and the aqueduct on the right. Nothing appeared out of the ordinary except the two dozen citizens crowded around the benches. “All right, but this is on you.”
Jordan got up and grabbed the handle of the cockpit door. “We swing by, load them up. In and out, just like that. It’ll be tight, but we’ll be fine.”
Elias shook his head, but waved her out. “Hurry up.”
Jordan lowered the visor on her helmet and entered the back of the Transport. She didn’t know any of these men, didn’t want to give them any temptation. Every seat was taken, 32 males, as young as 10, as old as 30. A few sat up straight, most of them white as ghosts. “I need five men that know how to use a rifle.”
Seven raised their hands. Jordan took them all, brought them to the rear of the bus and passed out the weapons. “I want the three of you covering this door, and you three covering the front. Open fire at serious threats. Be wary of anyone in silver or black.” Jordan pointed at the man with the bushy mustache. “You’re with me. You help any stragglers, rush everyone in.”
Everyone nodded their heads like they knew what they were doing. She told them, “Get set. Next time we stop, the doors will pop open. You protect this Transport.”
Jordan returned to the cockpit, closed the door behind her. Elias waited until she was back in her seat. “I don’t like this.”
Jordan nodded down the street. “Noted.”
They had gone close to a mile when Jordan could make out the citizens waving their arms by the benches. Jordan lowered her audio, muffling the screams, in case shots were fired.
None of these citizens wore silver or black. They were jumping up and down, arms flailing. Jordan opened the door, stopping suddenly when she saw the woman with the baby. The woman was violently shaking her head no. Something was definitely wrong.
Jordan said, “Get us out of here.”
“What? We’re here now.”
“JUST GO!”
Elias looked beyond the benches and his eyes widened. “Oh shit.” He punched the accelerator and headed for the end of the street.
The first missile blasted the bench. Body parts thudded against the side of the Transport. Jordan lost hold of her rifle just as the second missile struck the ground in front of them. Elias angled for the middle of the street as they picked up speed.
Something hit just outside the Block’s entrance. As the Transport drew closer, Elias asked what it was. It wasn’t a missile. Jordan turned up her audio, the plummeting screams and Blam!, a child smashed onto the windshield. Bodies rained down, cries interrupted mid-scream as flesh splattered the street and smacked the Transport. Jordan checked the cameras that viewed the back of the Transport, saw there were only a few dents in the roof. Most of the recruits sat gripping their seats, but her seven stood by the doors, guns ready.
Jordan activated the intercom, said, “It’s going to be okay.”
Matthew came over the Connect. Get out of there now! They’re filing in from the back. You have less than two minutes.
Jordan thought, They need us. We can’t just leave.
Matthew said, Elias get off that street. Immediately. That is a direct order.
Jordan looked out the window. A line of men stood along the Block’s roofline. They stood on the ledge with their hands up. Controllers appeared, moved in and fired. The men plummeted, became one with the street.
Elias kept his speed, headed for the end of the Block.
“Elias, stop. We can’t let this happen.”
“No way. Orders.”
Jordan clicked off her Connect, put her gun to his head. “Stop now!”
“Jordan, don’t do this.”
“They’re running them off the roof. Take me to an entrance!”
Elias told her that’d be suicide. A wide-eyed boy thudded five feet in front of them. Elias swerved but they still felt the crunch.
Jordan, get out of there! Matthew must have overridden her Connect. He’d never sounded so frightened. It’s a trap!
Jordan paused, took her gun off Elias. They had already lost several Transports, the Controllers torturing every survivor, making a game show out of it, guessing how long a person would make it before ending their own life. As much as she wanted to help the people in the Block, she had a duty to protect those already in her care.
Something thwacked against the roof, collapsed it, screams exploded from the back. Elias turned the wheel hard and got the Transport as close to the grass as possible, bodies flinging forward and landing a few feet in front of them.
Jordan felt like she was about to puke, not just for the sight in front of her, but for what Matthew had done to her, taking her from a fast-tracked live-in to the ultimate traitor.
Elias said, “Jordan, up ahead!”
The end of the street was plugged with vehicles, men pointing their weapons at the Transport. A flood of armed citizens poured from the Block, the flashing lights of Controlling Force Agents flying up behind them.
Jordan told Elias to head for the fence separating the street from the aqueduct.
Elias said, “We won’t make it.”
The vehicles up ahead were stacked five deep, no way they’d bust through. “Over the fence!”
Elias turned the wheel, popped onto the grass, blasted through the chain-link. The edge of the aqueduct was a few feet away, the tires spinning in the mud as Elias tried to correct. The Transport shot forward, its back wheels still spinning, drifting over the edge.
Elias gave up the wheel and covered his face. Jordan held onto the dash. The Transport busted through the railing, slid down the concrete and slammed onto its side in the sludge. The windshield had cracked and Jordan kicked it out on her second try, foul blackness pouring into the cab.
Elias unbuckled and splashed down beside her. Jordan told him, “Take them out the other end. Don’t stop.”
Jordan clicked on the intercom and commanded her seven to gather everyone at the back. She told Elias, “You lead these people out.”
“You’re coming with us.”
“No. Tell Matthew I’m sorry.”
Jordan, no! Retreat as one down the aqueduct. That is an order!
A wave of opposition crested the hill. They were mostly citizens, only a couple cyborg Controllers. Matthew had warned her not everyone would accept change. To some they’d only created a martyr when they killed the Preacher, a saint when she ripped out his eyeball to access the armory. Jordan now saw the reasons why. For many, life in the Blocks was only worse. It’d only been six days and already there were food shortages, riots, corpses rotting in the streets. The news replayed the new Preacher’s ordination in D.C., an unknown kin brought forth by the Controllers, the Chosen One who’d crush the loathsome Rebellion.
Jordan raised her plasma rifle. “Do not come any closer, or I will shoot!”
The opposition opened fire first. Jordan hid behind the Transport, chucked a plasma charge. A blue light ripped across the hill, temporarily immobilizing both the cyborgs and the people. As Elias and the recruits slogged through the aqueduct, Jordan blasted the cyborgs, watched them spark and collapse.
Elias and the recruits still had a hundred yards to the wall, but the immobilizing effects of the charge would only last another five seconds.
Jordan reached inside her jacket and squeezed her one and only disruption grenade. “Last resort,” Matthew had told her. She’d expected it to be heavy, considering what it was capable of, but it was so light she feared she’d crush it like an egg.
She peered around the side, saw the final traces of the blue light. A cyborg was already raising its pistol. Jordan pressed the detonation code with her thumb. Three seconds. She looked back at Elias and the others crawling through the grate.
Jordan, please. Come on, we’ll go on our honeymoon. Don’t do this.
“I hate the beach.”
You can still run.
No, I can’t.
Jordan heaved the grenade, watched it arc through the gray sky and land in the middle of the crowd. She stepped out from behind the Transport, ready for everything to end, when a stream of children, dressed in colors of the Way, sprinted through the crowd.
So young and filled with rage.
“Oh God…”

The End

This is the end of the story, but not of this series. I’ve had so much fun diving back into this world that I plan on adding at least a few stories every year. Also look out for Try Not to Die: in 25 Perfect Days in 2015.

CAST OF CHARACTERS
(Warning – May Contain Spoilers)

Walt Jaworski, the father of Brian and Todd Jaworski, is a Controlling Force Agent just doing his job.
Brad Dreschner, is a Controller who retires to his estate in the Hills where he provides homes to needy teenagers.
Vincent Morrison served in Iraq with Walt Jaworski who later helped Vincent become an analyst for the Controllers. Vincent’s wife, Laura, is very close with Walt and his sons.
Gabriel Kingston, the son of Wayne Kingston, and the nephew of Enrique and Maria Salazar. Gabriel is a conflicted teenager who rebels against the system.
Frank Hollister, the cousin of Kaiden, a Disciple that convinces him to join their side.
Derrick Procter, the new boy in town that Gabriel befriends.
Steven Cooper, the son of veterinarian, Dr. Matt Cooper. Steven married Loralei Morrison and together they have a son, Matthew. 
Loralei Morrison/Cooper lives at the Dreschner residence after her parents are killed. She later goes to work for Dr. Cooper, marries his son, Steven. Their baby, Matthew, came with a heavy price but makes an impact on the world.
Kaiden Hollister, a self-absorbed teenager who struggles with life in the Way Camp but eventually becomes a Disciple.
Matthew Cooper/Longley, adopted at five, visits his great uncle, becomes a Disciple to infiltrate the Way, is a crucial part of the Rebellion, and takes charge of a very large army.
Jordan Longley/Newell, lived in a Way camp until she was selected as a live-in for Disciple Matthew Longley. Matthew convinces her to join the Rebellion and they are married the day after they liberated the City of Lights.


WHY I WROTE THESE STORIES

If you’d like to read more about why I wrote these stories and am giving away all proceeds to the Freedom of the Press Foundation, please click on the links below.

Help Me Fight the Freedom of the Press
29-US89N4X - The Day We Fight Back Through Fiction
30-Day Program - The Other F-Word

OUT NOW

Brightside
Across the nation, telepaths are rounded up and sent to the beautiful mountain town of Brightside. They’re told it’s just like everywhere else, probably even nicer. As long as they follow the rules and don’t ever think about leaving. Joe Nolan is one of the accused, a man who spent his life hearing things people left unsaid. And now he’s paying for it on his hundredth day in Brightside, fighting to keep hold of his secret in a town where no thought is safe. Click here for more info.

25 Perfect Days
Named one of IndieReader’s best Indie Books of 2013.
A totalitarian state doesn’t just happen overnight. It’s a slow, dangerous slide. 25 Perfect Days chronicles the path into a hellish future of food shortages, contaminated water, sweeping incarceration, an ultra-radical religion, and the extreme measures taken to reduce the population. Through these twenty-five interlinked stories, each written from a different character’s point of view, 25 Perfect Days captures the sacrifice, courage, and love needed to survive and eventually overcome this dystopian nightmare.
Ebook is currently only available on Amazon.
The audiobook is now available through Audible.

Try Not to Die: At Grandma’s House
It’s Grandma’s House – quiet, cozy, nestled on a little mountain in West Virginia. What could possibly go wrong? A lot, actually. 
So watch your back. Choose wisely. One misstep will get you and your little sister killed. 
To survive, you’ll battle creatures, beasts, and even your grandparents as you unravel the mystery of your older brother’s death in this interactive, graphic novel.
Available everywhere eBooks are sold.

Repackaged Presents
Five short horror stories you should read with the lights on. Come join a soldier on the run in the jungle. A co-ed’s late night at the computer lab. A doctor’s visit to the insane asylum. A man’s quest for the perfect photo. A family’s unique Christmas ritual. Click here for more info.

Every Precious Second
A free short story about an old man who tries to slow down time for his dying wife. Click here for more info.


COMING SOON

Woman with a Gun
A serialized graphic novel about a woman on the run, crossing the country to save her daughter from her psychopathic husband. The series is set to begin April 2014.

Unlocking the Cage
My nonfiction project scheduled for release in 2015. As a former fighter, I could never answer why I stepped in the cage. Through an extensive survey and interviews of hundreds of MMA fighters from across North America, I hope to answer who fighters are and what they have in common.

Try Not to Die: In Brightside
Volume 2 of the interactive series takes us back to the beautiful town of Brightside where telepaths have been imprisoned.


SINCERE THANKS

Special thanks to my editor, Anthony Szpak, who has been instrumental in creating this Perfect world. I’d also like to thank my father, Michael Tullius, and sister, Mary Nyeholt, for being the extra sets of eyes, catching errors and making sure it all makes sense.

Thanks to Don Currie, whose conservation sparked “30-Day Program,” and to all the readers and reviewers for their support and encouragement.

Linda Moore
Maria Schockling
Jodi McMaster
Cianna Reider
Shelly Grininger
Josef Hernandez
Angela Rae
Diane Watzek
Shannon Ovalles
Monique Ridenour
Melissa Bruce
Shanna Cushing
Rebecca Dotson
Chris Nicholson
Glenn Hedden
Michelle Gillhouse
Jasmine Thompson
Cheyann Reagan
Fran Lewis
Lori Spier
Kathy Cunningham
Janice Cipriano
Michala Tyann
Fred Hughes
Daniel Teach
Declan Garrett
Mark Matthews
Jyllian Roach
Dianne Bylo
Susan Cowling
Deborah Sastroredjo
Haven Strange
Sandra Boyle
Michael Inguagiato
Sol Rodriguez
Karen Bell
Stephen Perigo
Michael Poorman
Kim Trotman
Suzy Wilson-Uilelea
Sarah Smith
CS Zimmer
Kyle Katai
Nova Reylin @ myseryniti.com
Nancy Morris
Tracy Sanderson
Randy Jackson
Todd Barselow
Lorraine Gonzalez
Theresa H.
Teresa Turner
Annemieke
Diane Taylor

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

I’m a father and a husband, a brother and a son. I’m an Ivy League grad who worked in a warehouse, an MMA fighter with too many defeats. I’m the bouncer and bodyguard, the drunk guy in the fight. The jailer and the jailed, the guilty and innocent.
I’m a writer shaped by influences, too many to count. I grew up on King and Koontz while force-fed the Bible. I narrate Dr. Seuss and Disney nearly every night. Like you, I've seen things I wished I hadn’t, heard some truths I won’t forget.
Writing is my heavy bag, the sparring partner that doesn’t punch back. It’s where I shed my armor and cast off the blindfold, take a look at myself and the world around me. The writing takes me wherever it wants. Dark alley or dinner table, classroom or morgue. I go along for the ride and try to capture the moment, show life like it is.


EXCERPT FROM TRY NOT TO DIE: AT GRANDMA’S HOUSE

An interactive graphic novel by
Mark Tullius and Anthony Szpak

CHAPTER ONE

I’m not a coward. I’m just really indecisive. I see every possible outcome and it’s paralyzing. Like right now, Mom just wants me to take the keys and drive us home. Everyone’s shivering outside the diner. It’s starting to drizzle, and my little sister throws back her head like a Pez dispenser and groans.
Mom says, “Come on, David. It’ll be good to practice.”
I suck at driving in the rain and really need to work on it, but I can’t take the keys. I’ve only had my license for a month, and while I like being behind the wheel, I try to avoid it when I’m with Dad. He makes me too nervous and I always screw up, like missing our exit or cutting someone off. Even Mom says the minivan has terrible blind spots, but Dad says we’re just not using the mirrors correctly.
“Why don’t I drive?” my sister says, and Mom shoots her a look. My sister’s name is Samantha, but she insists we call her Sam. She’s tougher than any of the jocks at my high school and she’s only in seventh grade. I’ve seen her choke out boys twice her size.
“Come on, Deb,” Dad says. “We’re going to be here all night.”
Mom doesn’t look at him, just jingles the keys at me like I’m some unmotivated dog. “What do you say, David? Do you want to drive now or once we get off the freeway?”
“Don’t give him options,” Dad says. “If there was a flood, the boy’d drown picking out sneakers.”
“He would not!” Mom snaps.
But the truth is, I probably would drown. I only have two pairs of sneakers, but I spend an exhausting amount of time choosing which ones to wear. The inside backs of my blue high-tops are so worn the plastic cuts into my heels. When I peel off my socks, I just re-open the scabs. My green runners are comfy and light, but they make me think too much about my brother, Tim. He gave them to me when I was thinking about joining the track team. He’d broken every record at our high school as a freshman. College recruiters came to every meet. One told Mom that Tim would end up on a box of cereal.
But that was before he started hanging out with Bill Parker. Tim got arrested for stealing a car with Bill. Then he got expelled after breaking a teacher’s nose. My parents took him to a psychologist and even our priest, but Tim couldn’t stay out of trouble. It got so bad Mom sent him to live with my grandparents for the summer. That was two years ago, the last time any of us saw him alive.
“He doesn’t want to drive,” Dad says. “Just give me the keys.”
Mom sighs and hands them over. We all climb in. I keep thinking about Tim. Yesterday was the anniversary of his death. There were search-and-rescue teams and blood-sniffing dogs. The body they found didn’t have a face, like it’d been clawed off. The cops said it was probably a coyote or bear.
Sam said it must have taken a whole pack of bears to bring down Tim. She wanted to go looking for the one Tim must have killed. She said we could mount it in our basement.
“Everyone buckled up?” Mom asks. She tries to fasten hers, but it won’t click. She jams it down a few times to finally lock it in.
My father pulls out of the lot and onto the road. I put my cheek against the freezing window and stare at the city lights. When we moved to Florida, I expected it to be hot and sticky all the time, but nights by the water, even during the summer, are some of the coldest I’ve felt. It’s like someone sliding icicles right into your bones.
Mom turns the heat all the way up. Within minutes the minivan is a sauna. Sam’s letting a couple of pet ants crawl around her hand. She collected a bunch yesterday at the cemetery. Sam and I went alone because Mom and Dad never want to go. Sam stole some flowers from another grave and put them on Tim’s headstone. We stood there and I kept trying to picture Tim’s face, the one he had before whatever it was tore it off, but I couldn’t. I only saw this fuzzy, tanned blob on his shoulders.
I wonder how long it’s going to take for me to forget his voice or the time he let me play hooky and snuck me into an R-rated movie.
Sam opens the sugar packets she stole from the diner and feeds it to the ants in her palm. She whispers something about how the sacrifice will bring in a good harvest.
Tim taught her how to use the magnifying glass to send the little creatures to their flaming death. I just hope Sam doesn’t set the yard on fire like last summer.
Sometimes I feel Tim never really left, just entered Sam’s body. Thinking about it makes me jealous. They’re just so much alike. Tim never had a problem making decisions. A lot of them were wrong, at least according to my parents and the cops, but he never panicked. When he saw something he wanted to do, he did it. Grandpa Joe was supposed to break him of that, that was the plan, but I knew Tim would never let that happen. When he stole the car, the cops chased him for almost an hour. The only reason they caught him was he ran out of gas.
“I’m hot,” Sam says.
“Well, take off your jacket, honey,” Mom says.
Sam is yanking off her puffy black coat when she suddenly starts looking down at the floor. She’s clearly lost an ant, and I know I’m going to wake up tonight with it crawling around my bed. I can already feel it jittering into my ear and giving birth in my brain.
Dad takes the turnpike to the Sunshine Skyway Bridge. It’s all lit up; a hundred cables bathed in yellow-green light. Each one stretches to the top of the two towering pillars, creating alien-looking sails rising above the water.
In the rearview mirror, I see sweat beads rolling around my father’s forehead. “Take the wheel,” he tells Mom.
“What?”
“I need to take my jacket off.”
“I’ll just turn down the heat.”
“No, I’m hot now.”
“Let’s at least get across the bridge.”
Dad forces her hand to the wheel and starts jerking back and forth to get his arm out of the sleeve. Mom’s hand is gripping the wheel so hard it’s like she’s trying to squeeze juice out of the thing. Her arm’s shaking and it’s causing the minivan to wobble.
“Tom, please, you know I hate this.”
Dad keeps grunting and shuffling. His whole body turns to the left and the engine revs. The cables of the bridge start passing by so fast I can’t even see the spaces between them.
“Tom!”
“My…foot’s…stuck.” 
And so are his arms, both trapped in his jacket.
Mom tries to gain control, but we end up swerving. A car honks. Dad’s foot must be pressed to the floor because we’re going faster and faster.
I look over at Sam who’s grinning like a devil.
“The brakes. Brakes!” Mom screams.
“What do you think I’m…” Dad trails off and the tires skid. We’re thrown forward, but we’re not stopping. The bridge must be too wet. The sound of rubber scraping against pavement is almost as loud as Mom’s shrieking. The blast of horns follows. More screeching. Headlights shine through the windshield then sweep out as cars swerve to avoid us. I see the railing of the bridge. It’s getting close. Maybe ten feet. Five. Nothing but dark sky beyond the metal bars. The van pops up on the curb. We slam into the railing. It’s creaking and I can’t open my eyes. I know we’re heading over.
Mom just keeps repeating, “Oh my God…Oh my God…”
I clench my fists so tight it feels like I’m going to snap my wrists.
But the creaking starts to fade. I hear my parents’ breathing.
Sam starts laughing. “Way to go, Dad.”
Soon, everyone’s laughing. We’re not dead. It was just a wreck. The minivan’s totaled, but it needed to go anyway. Mom’s been saying that for months. The airbags didn’t even pop out.
Dad unbuckles himself and turns towards us in the backseat.
“Everyone all right?”
“Yeah,” Sam says. “But I think my ants spilled.”
Any other time, Mom would be freaking out, saying something about Sam knowing better than to take them out of their tank. But all Mom’s doing is looking at me in the rearview, her voice even more delicate than usual when she asks, “How about you? You okay?”
Dad’s laugh is a little shaky. “They’re fine. No blood, no foul.”
Suddenly, the van’s filled with light. It’s so bright I can’t even turn to see where it’s coming from. Dad’s eyes double in size. The blaring horn says it’s a semi. Eighteen wheels sliding, skidding right into our back bumper.
The railing cracks and everything sounds muffled – the screams, the metal bars clanging off the sides of the van as we plummet down, down…
Dad’s arms are locked against the wheel as if he could actually stop this. We’re falling for so long I start to think we’ll never land, that we’ll just fall right through the planet and float out into space.
But we hit the water and my hands fly up to the roof. Sam’s hair is sticking straight up. We must be upside down.
Dad’s body crashes up on the dash and his head bangs the windshield. Blood seeps into the cracks spidering out through the glass. It’s spreading fast.
Everything gets dark and cold and I know we’re completely underwater. The water is leaking around the doors.
Sam must have unbuckled herself because she’s suddenly on the ceiling crawling towards Mom. We’re still upside down. Mom is trying to free herself, but her seatbelt won’t unlock. Sam tries to help her. Their hands keep slapping and pressing, but it won’t unbuckle.
Water sprays in through the windshield. It’s going to burst any second. Mom sees it and frantically jerks at the buckle. But it won’t budge. Finally she gives up, grabs Sam’s face.
“You two have to go, honey.”
Sam’s little fingers keep pressing the button. “No, I can get it.”
“Samantha, stop! Look at me.”
I’ve never heard Sam cry like this before, and I realize I’m crying, too.
“I’m not leaving,” Sam says.
“It’s going to be okay. I’ll get your father. But you both have to swim.”
Sam screams, “David, help!”
I push my button, and for a second, I think I’m trapped just like Mom, but then I hear the click and my whole body thwaps against the ceiling. I crawl over to help, but it’s really stuck.
“David, stop!”
I don’t want to look at her.
“You need to take care of your sister. You swim out after the glass breaks.”
My fingers are still pressing the button. Mom takes my face in her hands.
“Promise me you’ll always protect her.”
I want to tell her to be quiet, that we have to keep trying, but the sound of splintering glass fills the van. Water is going to come like an avalanche. Mom yells at us to get behind the seats, but I don’t want to move. I don’t want any of this.

*****
Continue to try and free Mom. Turn to page 43.
Pull Sam behind the seats. Turn to page 90.


EXCERPT FROM BRIGHTSIDE

Warning: This book is intended for a mature audience.
It contains graphic violence and language

They call us Thought Thieves, but it’s not like we have a choice. All the sick, twisted things rolling around in people’s heads, we can’t help but hear. God knows I’ve tried to turn it off. The sexual perversions, the violent fantasies about your boss, that annoying neighbor you want dead, even those unfortunate thoughts about your kids. I’ve had to stand there and listen.
I’d never wish this upon anyone, not even my mom, the woman who’s been over-sharing since I slid from her womb.
You wouldn’t believe the awful shit I’ve heard.
Imagine if you knew every dark thought people had about you.
Trust me, it’s not pleasant. In any given moment, the person you love is thinking about someone else she’d like to screw, how fat you’ve gotten, how unbearable it is to hear you chew. Later, she’ll hold you and kiss you and regret most of it, and you’ll fall asleep hating yourself for having all the same thoughts.
Secrets keep the world from burning. I know this now more than ever. The secret I have left could get everyone killed. One person’s already dead, more are sure to follow. All because I couldn’t keep my stupid thoughts shut.
So I understand why they rounded us up, Thought Thieves like me, and took us to this little town on top of a mountain with drops so steep there’s no need for a fence. It keeps the country functioning, lets everyone feel safe, knowing we’re up here in the sky, far away from everyone’s thoughts, except our own.
They call our town Brightside because, as they like to remind us, things could be worse. Some Thought Thieves weren’t so lucky. They were beaten and hanged, shot in the streets. Others were wrapped in straightjackets and locked away in squishy-walled rooms.
Brightside was our chance to start over. We could hold jobs and have apartments; we could even go on dates and shop in the little stores. It wouldn’t be so bad, they told us. As long as we never tried to leave.
But now it’s Day 100, the day it’s all going to end. Guess we’ll find out how bad it can get.
My bedroom window’s right in front of me, but I’ve got my eyes closed. The warm glow of the sunrise is trying to make me peek, but I can’t look at the jagged crack running down the center of the glass. I can’t look at the pool of blood on the chair, the tiny drops on the ceiling.
Eight pounds of power rest across my thighs. My Mossberg 12-gauge. American metal. Dad’s special gift.
Odds are this is my last sunrise. I open my eyes, take in the absolute beauty. I wonder if Danny and Sara are awake and seeing it, too. If I can somehow help them escape, it might make up for some of the things I’ve done.
Not Rachel, though. What happened with her is beyond redemption; I can’t go back and change it. If I’d just given her what she needed, told her what she wanted to hear, she’d be coming with us. I know what happened to Rachel goes beyond Day 39, but that’s when it all started.

* * *

It was seven hours before Day 39 officially began. Rachel and I were in our office, the only one with two desks. They put us there because of our shitty sales record. Jobs in Brightside were based on the ones we held in our former lives. I used to sell BMWs. Here, I sold timeshares. At BMW I never missed a quota, never blew a sale, but I was always within six feet of the customer, the range I needed to hear someone’s thoughts. On the phone, I was next to worthless.
The clock on the wall showed the same time as my computer. All the clocks in Brightside were perfectly in sync. No reason to be late. No reason to think this wasn’t all perfectly normal.
They even hid the security cameras to help us relax. They put them inside light fixtures, behind bushes in the Square, where we have a bakery, a bar, and even an electronics store. All built for us. To make us believe this is just a regular town, a place like any other. No reason to ever escape.
Rachel got hung up on before she could finish telling the guy how close the condo was to the beach. We had five minutes left of work, enough time for her to make another call, but she just opened the bottom desk drawer and pulled out a bottle of lotion. She squirted it onto her palm and rubbed her legs that were spilling out from under the desk.
Rachel and I had been dating for close to three weeks. Long enough for Rachel to decide I was the one. Long enough for me to give her a key to my place, to convince myself I loved her back.
Everything gets accelerated in Brightside, because you can’t lie. Everything’s exposed. Normal couples take six months to admit how they feel. Brightsiders do it on the first date.
Rachel rolled back in her chair and looked at me like I’d just said something. It made me feel sorry for all the people I’d done this to over the years. Taking whatever I pleased.
She got up with a smile and walked over to my desk. Her red skirt stopped mid-thigh and was tight enough to be painted on. She didn’t need to listen to my thoughts to know I liked it.
The last couple days, Rachel only saw me at work, and she knew I was ready to break up with her. It’s not that things were bad. They were just too intense. Rachel was the first Thought Thief I’d ever been with. I had no idea how exhausting it could be. You can’t just say you’re tired or that nothing’s wrong.
Rachel knew everything, even though I never said a word.
That’s why she sat on the corner of my desk, crossed her legs so I couldn’t focus on my computer screen. She’d put her dark hair in a ponytail so it looked less Jewish. I’d only thought that once, but she never let it go.
Rachel smiled and took off the glasses she didn’t need. The ones that looked exactly like Mom’s.
She took the part of the frame that rested behind her ear and put it in her mouth. She sucked on it a bit then spoke around it. “You got plans tonight?”
I noticed Rachel had gotten contacts, her eyes so fucking blue. Just like Michelle’s, my last girlfriend before Brightside.
Rachel turned her legs toward me. They were shiny and smooth and smelled like piña colada. “I just shaved,” she said.
We both knew I wanted to feel the inside of her thigh, run my hand up to see if she was telling the truth, but I just mumbled that they looked nice and powered off my computer.
Rachel rubbed her calf against my knee until I looked up at her. “I need to see you tonight,” she said.
I adjusted my khakis, pointlessly trying to conceal the fact her plan was working.
“We can go out,” she said. “Something nice. I’m thinking Oscar’s.”
Oscar’s meant a lot of money, something I wasn’t making in Brightside.
Always staying one step ahead of me, Rachel said dinner was on her. She wanted me to know things could be different. She was willing to change. It didn’t have to be so intense.
“Come on, it’ll be fun,” she said. “And I don’t even need to stay over tonight. Unless you want me to?” Rachel took hold of my collar and pulled me in, her red lips so close.
I could feel the security camera zooming in from its hiding spot. I pushed her back and said, “Fine, we’ll go to Oscar’s.”
Rachel smiled and spun off my desk. She let me watch her ass as she picked up her purse and walked out the door.

Oscar’s was only a few blocks from my apartment and, even though I was dressed and ready, I waited until the last possible minute to leave. I didn’t want to get there before Rachel.
I passed under the bronze archway and entered the park with its enormous pine trees. Someone had decorated them with little white lights to make it look like a winter wonderland. There were no rules about sticking to the path, so I cut across the grass, staying far away from the edge where the mountain dropped off. A full mile, straight down. Heights threw my stomach around in my chest and made me shake like a little girl.  I passed the pond and took deep breaths to clear my head. The air was cool, everything silent.
The Cabin was high up on the hill, with its big red logs and long bay window. The curtains were always pulled back, so we’d see the residents who’d broken the rules. Some had refused to go to work or started fights. A few had slit their wrists too shallow.
In the common room, a small blonde in a nurse’s uniform sat behind the desk reading a magazine. The rule-breakers sat in chairs, their faces pale, eyes ringed in black. They weren’t allowed to talk during rehabilitation. They were given pills to keep them calm.
The Cabin was the big reminder in Brightside that our town was still a prison.
I focused my eyes straight, kept walking, went through the South archway and stepped onto Main Street. The six small stores were dark and closed, but everything else was lit. Every ten feet, a lamp post to wipe out any shadow. No place to hide.
I strolled down the deserted street as the American flag flapped high above the Square. The flapping like a goddamn slap in the face.
I knew I had to clear my head. I needed to blow out all the bad thoughts before I turned the corner.
Rachel was waiting for me on the bench outside Oscar’s. She was wearing her fancy green dress. The one she’d worn under her robe at graduation. Back then it fit perfectly. Now, she had to suck in. Her hair was up in a French twist, and her makeup was thick. Especially her lips. Dark red. Her glasses were gone. She wanted me to know she’d been paying attention.
I didn’t realize it was supposed to be that kind of dinner, but at least I had on my nice pair of jeans and my shirt had a collar. Rachel didn’t care what I was wearing. She was just happy I showed.
I took her hand and said, “Let’s go eat.”
Oscar’s windows were tinted just enough so you had to press your face against the glass to see the idiots paying thirty bucks for the same steak they could buy for ten across the street. Brightside liked to remind us we could still be special.
The hostess was going to seat us in the back, tucked away in the corner. Rachel asked if we could sit at a table. She knew I wouldn’t break up with her in the open. We sat in between two couples silently engaged in conversation.
Rachel wanted to talk though, wanted me to feel this was a normal date. She knew I was thinking about The Cabin and that fucking flag. She told me to order anything I wanted. She asked about my day, even though she’d been sitting next to me the entire eight hours.
Our steaks arrived, and Rachel kept asking questions, like the first concert I went to and the last book I’d read. She was trying, and I felt like an asshole. I answered her questions and even asked a few of my own.
It made me think this is how our first date should have been. Not me sharing how much I hated my mom. Rachel sharing what her uncle did with her panties.
But by the time we’d finished dessert, we’d run out of things to say. We were like an old married couple after only three weeks. I took Rachel’s hand and started to have the talk we’d been avoiding. She put her other hand on top of mine like it was a game.
“Let’s just grab a drink.”
She knew I wasn’t a drinker. It’s not that I have a problem with booze. The problem is when I’m buzzed I start thinking about shit I shouldn’t. Back home in Ohio, I could get away with it. In Brightside it was a problem.
I said, “It’s kind of late.”
Rachel snorted. That’s how she laughed. “We’ll only have one.” She looked so desperate sitting there, her hand squeezing mine. She just wanted us to have some fun.
“All right,” I said, “we’ll go for one.”
We crossed through the Square and headed for Riley’s, the bar where everyone knows your name and all the horrifying shit that fills your head.
It started out fine because that’s how bars usually start out. Then an hour turned to two and I was somehow on my sixth Jack. All my thoughts started creeping out like cockroaches. Rachel handed me another shot. I talked louder to keep other things to myself, but some guy asked what I had against the flag. Rachel laughed and pulled me towards the door. Everything was spinning and I thought I might fall over. Rachel kissed me and kissed me.
And then it was Day 39.

I woke up to the darkness. The curtains were closed. I had no idea what time it was or how we’d gotten back to my place. Besides the pounding headache it seemed like every other morning with Rachel, but something was definitely wrong.
Rachel was sitting on the edge of the bed, legs dangling over the side. She kept pulling at her curls, over and over, again and again. Her right hand was clenched, her fingers pressing down on her thumb like she was trying to break it.
I put my head back on the pillow, tired and hungover. I was still halfway in my dream, and it was a good one.

Michelle and I were walking in the forest, its grass so green, Ohio’s brilliant blue sky above. Michelle stopped at a clearing and laid down her red blanket.
Then she was underneath me.
Her eyes were the lightest blue with the softest shine. I brushed Michelle’s sandy blonde hair from the side of her face, ran my thumb lightly across her cheek, around her ear, then cradled her head.
She reached behind my back and pulled me down. My heart covered hers. Her heart, my heart, beat to beat. “Can you feel that, Joe?”
And then I was inside her and we were white on red, all that blue above us. Beautiful colors back then.
Michelle. Michelle. Michelle…

“Are you fucking serious?”
The voice definitely wasn’t Michelle’s.
The dream was gone. I was awake, back in Brightside, darkness all around me.
I had no idea what I’d done, but I knew it wasn’t good. “Come back to sleep,” I said.
Rachel wouldn’t face me, all her focus on those curtains, the ones I refused to open, the mile of Brightside beyond them.
I reached out and put my hand on her back. Rachel recoiled and my hand fell. Her mouth was a black hole moving in the darkness.
“You still love her.”
I played dumb, what Mom wouldn’t call a hard stretch. “Who?”
Rachel swung her knee onto the bed so it was up against my ribs, the thin white sheet the only thing between us. “Please don’t lie to me, Joe. I’m not an idiot.”
My eyes were adjusting to the dark. I saw Rachel’s blue contacts, the black trails bleeding beneath them.
I took hold of her fist and eased it open. I rubbed her college ring, the emerald set in white gold. She’d gotten it a month before they brought her to Brightside. “You’re not an idiot,” I said. “You’ve got the ring to prove it.”
She said, “You think this is funny?”
It wasn’t funny. It was scary.
I said I was sorry. “I shouldn’t have joked like that.” I kept touching her ring, started picturing her in school, lying under all those guys.
Rachel’s hand clenched back into a fist.
I couldn’t control my thoughts. “Rachel, it’s late.” I looked over at the clock. “We’ve got work in three hours.”
“Do you wish I was her?”
She knew I couldn’t answer that. Not in one word. Not the one she was looking for.
Michelle was the woman I was going to marry. She found out the hard way about my secret. She was there when they took me away.
Rachel sat waiting for an answer, staring at me, peering inside. I took a deep breath, trying to clear my head, but she knew everything.
Everyone always did in Brightside.
I asked if she was hungry, mentioned the diner, some eggs.
Rachel just sat there. She needed me to say it.
But I couldn’t.
Rachel reached over and grabbed my dick poking up under the sheet. My hard-on was news to me, but the proof she needed was in her hand. It looked like she’d captured the world’s smallest ghost.
I said, “Let go. I have to piss.”
Rachel spoke like I was a Special Ed student. “How about you just wait?”
“I’m not pissing the bed because you want to talk.”
There wasn’t much left of my dick to grip because getting treated like a child isn’t my thing. But that didn’t stop Rachel. “You’re not walking away,” she said.
I took hold of her wrist and pried off her fingers. “You need to stop this.” And then real serious and slow so she heard me, I said, “Fucking relax.”
Fucking relax?
Rachel’s football player. His words coming out of my mouth. I hadn’t meant to say it. Not like that, at least. Or had I? Cornered, what was I capable of?
Rachel wasn’t the only one who could use thoughts against people.
I’d learned about the jocks, the Dartmouth boys, and all the other guys on our second date. She was drunk and underneath me. I thought she was moaning because of me, but then her thoughts started pouring, flooding her head, and then mine. She realized what was happening, and she started crying. She was ashamed. No one had ever seen these things with Rachel. I told her it was okay, that I didn’t care.
All things considered, I’m not a bad guy. I don’t try to hurt people on purpose, but just like Rachel, sometimes I can’t let shit go.
Rachel got off the bed, moved to the other side of the room to get out of my range. She couldn’t stomach the disgusting thoughts in my head.
Out of range, I could finally lie. “I’m over Michelle. It was just a dream.”
But Rachel was bawling. I sat up all the way and asked her to please come back to bed.
Rachel wiped at her tears like she was mad at them. “Yeah, you’re over her. You proved it to me, right? And it was so sweet. Carving my name on a tree. Just like we were in junior high.”
It was stupid, something I did on Day 7. I’d used my key to carve out a big heart, put “Joe loves Michelle” inside it. I didn’t think anyone would see it.
But Brightsiders see everything.
Rachel and I were coming back to my place one night, and my lock was sticking. I’d damaged the key by carving Michelle’s name.
Rachel didn’t say anything, didn’t need to. I felt awful though, so I went out the next day and crossed it out, replaced Michelle’s name with Rachel’s. It was childish, something an eighth grader would do, but it was better than what Rachel was doing back then, getting fingerbanged behind the gymnasium.
Rachel kicked the bed. She was back in range. “You got something to say?”
Fuck!
Thirty-nine days weren’t enough to get used to this. From Day 1, we all knew we weren’t alone. They told us being together in a group would make it easier, but it was so much worse. Everything on display, nowhere to hide. It’s what brought Rachel and me together. We thought we could elevate past all the dysfunctional relationships, especially our parents’, but we were even more dysfunctional, all honest and exposed, the little secrets and awful truths firing off like buckshot at anyone within range.
I’m not proud of it, but I couldn’t stop thinking about the list. It was long. All the guys Rachel had been with, the depths she’d sunk.
“You’re fucking sick,” she said.
“What the hell happened last night? I remember going to Riley’s and you ordering those shots—”
“Oh, so you’re just drunk?”
“What’s your problem?”
“I shouldn’t care if you dream about her? That you gotta pretend I’m her to fuck me?”
As calm as I could, I said, “I don’t do that.”
Rachel’s jaw clenched so tight I thought she’d break teeth.
I usually have a great memory, one of the things I hate about myself. Not on Day 39. I was having trouble thinking, let alone remembering. The walk home was one big blur.
Rachel’s jaw relaxed. She was listening to my thoughts. I was trying to piece things together, grasping at vapors.
The smell of sex was stronger than my breath, and I guessed it was possible I imagined Rachel as Michelle. But I couldn’t admit that and saying I blacked out wouldn’t change anything. I put my hands over my head, as if that would block her out.
“I didn’t do that,” I said.
I heard her thought:
You’re a liar! 
“Rachel, I don’t remember anything. If that happened, I’m sorry. I never should’ve had those shots.”
“So it’s all my fault?” She started pacing, moving in and out of range.
“Holy shit. Can you just stop? You’re acting crazy.”
Rachel smiled, breathed through her nose. “You want to see crazy?” Her voice scared the shit out of me. She was all the way on the other side of the room.
“Rachel, I know you’re angry. But you need to calm down—”
“You want me to calm down? Should I get some air? Maybe we should take a break. That’s what you want, right?”
Right then was my best chance of denying things, her by the door, both of us out of range, lights off so she couldn’t look me in the eyes. But I knew we weren’t going to work no matter how much I wanted it.
All I had to do was say it.
But I couldn’t.
“Rachel, come on…”
“Where should I go, Joe? Should I go back home? Huh? Oh right, I can’t. This is it.” Her smile was creeping me out. “This is home.”
I suddenly realized this was about so much more than Michelle. Rachel was cracking, like a dam ready to burst.
“Rachel, please, I’m begging—”
Rachel screamed like she was being burned. Her legs gave out. She thudded off the hardwood. She put her forehead to the floor. Her tiny fists strangled her matted hair and she just kept screaming.
The lights flashed on, the 120s blinding me even with the fixture over them. 
“Rachel, come on, be quiet.”
I looked at the clock. We still had an hour before morning lights. They never came on early.
“Rachel, please!”
Her throat wouldn’t close, just kept spraying screams until I covered my ears.
“I think you’re great, Rachel. I wouldn’t be with you if I didn’t. Just please be quiet.”
She kept wailing.
And I knew they were coming.
Rachel knew it too, but she didn’t seem to care, just curled up under the bright lights. Everything exposed. The scar on her collarbone. The two-inch wide birthmark on her lower back. She banged the floor with her head, pleading for someone to let her go.
“I just want to go home,” she sobbed. “Why won’t they let us go?”
My head was pounding from the lights and the hangover, but I kept my voice nice and quiet when I said, “Just come to bed, okay? We’ll say you stubbed your toe.”
The bootsteps were coming.
Rachel, get over here NOW!
I jumped off the bed, felt foolish because my dick was just hanging there. But Rachel wasn’t looking at me. She was still crying to the floor, the voice not her at all. Broken and shattered. I yanked her arm, but she wouldn’t move.
The Boots were here.
It was going to hurt like hell, but I had to get close, right up against her so my thoughts would sound like they were coming through a megaphone.
GET UP! THEY’RE HERE! PLEASE!
Rachel made herself smaller, pressed her fists against the sides of her face.
They didn’t even knock, just opened the door. Two of them standing there, all calm, like they were here to fix the sink.
Rachel screamed, “Fuck you! You can’t keep us here! You can’t!”
I told Rachel to shut up.
She did, but only to spit in one guy’s face.
The guy didn’t even wipe it off, just twisted her arm, almost snapped it. She begged him to let her go. Then she clawed him in the eyes.
I stepped forward, my hands out to show them I wasn’t looking for a fight. “She had too much to drink. Please, don’t—”
The baton cracked off my skull and I fell. The boots walked right up to my face.
“You got anything else to say?”
I kept my face to the floor, listened as they dragged Rachel from my room, her screams slowly fading until they were gone.

Purchase here

CONNECT ONLINE

Follow Mark on his journey across the country as he interviews fighters and reads from Brightside and 25 Perfect Days.
Blog
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Sign up for the newsletter to get Marked for Life. Also taking requests from people who’d like to join Mark’s special Facebook/Goodreads group that gets previews of all material and has a say on which stories will be included in future collections. Send Mark an email or message stating why you’d like to be part of the group.
Sign up here

