THE ZOMBIE KILLERS: ORIGINS
SMASHWORDS EDITION
* * * * *
PUBLISHED BY:
Dell Sweet on Smashwords
* * * * *
Created by
Wendell Sweet
* * * * *
THE ZOMBIE KILLERS: ORIGINS
* * * * *
PUBLISHED BY:
Dell Sweet & independAntwriters Publishing
The Zombie Killers: Origins
Copyright © 2010 - 2013 by Dell Sweet & independAntwriters Publishing All rights reserved
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your bookseller and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


TABLE OF CONTENTS
FOREWORD
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
FREE PREVIEW OF BOOK TWO




LEGAL
This is a work of fiction. Any names, characters, places or incidents depicted are products of the authors imagination. Any resemblance to actual living persons places, situations or events is purely coincidental.
This novel is Copyright © 2010 – 2013 Dell Sweet. No part of this book may be reproduced by any means, electronic, print, scanner or any other means and, or distributed without the authors permission. 
Permission is granted to use short sections of text in reviews or critiques in standard or electronic print.








*******
THE ZOMBIE KILLERS: ORIGINS
*******
FOREWORD
The Zombie Killer books are derived from the Zombie Plagues series. Because of this some of the characters from the Zombie Plagues series appear in this book. It is not necessary to read the Earth's Survivors series to understand these books, although it would enhance your reading, the two series can stand alone.
Dell Sweet 10-13-2013
CHAPTER ONE
Bear
August 4th
We were down along the river checking over some of the old buildings that are perched on the cliffs there, high above the water. Fall was not far away, and we knew we had to get moving, get out of this dead city. We had half the country to cross and find a place before winter came back around again. 
We had left the others in our place off the park - an abandoned factory building I had found after I had lost Donita - and struck out looking for food earlier that morning. With the park and its crowds so near to us, the shops and small stores for blocks around us were stripped clean. Another reason to get out of the city. It was time. I remember thinking that as I walked along.
I was thinking back to March as I walked. Not really paying attention to the walk, where I was going... March... Just a few months ago, but the world was still the world then. And for the next little while there, we didn't even know about the dead. Dead was still dead. When you closed your eyes for the long eternal sleep you didn't wake up a short minute later as something else. No. We were ignorant up until they decided to come after us. Ignorant. Stupid. Didn't know a thing. Didn't have a clue. 
I had been in Central Park a few days after the first earthquakes hit. I had left Donita alone and went down on my own to see what the deal was. I found out nothing. No one knew any more than any one else. There was a lot of speculation, but that was it. There had been earthquakes. It had rained hard for nearly twenty four hours straight. The really freaky stuff hadn't happened yet. We were just starting down our new path, but what was clear was that thousands of people had died in the city, maybe more than thousands, maybe a million or more. And certainly millions if the damage here was the same across the country... or worldwide. 
And my initial estimate turned out to be a kind. In the city alone: collapsed buildings, fires, exposure to the elements because there was no shelter. There were millions of bodies. It was not so bad in those first few days, but a few days later, when the smell of the dead rotting under the rubble began, it was horrible. The diseases started then too. And the diseases took thousands more, and we thought that was the end of it, but it was not. The dead came next. The same dead, newly risen to some other sort of life. But that day in Central Park I did not know about the dead yet. I had no idea what was ahead; what was before me was bad enough.
At six foot three and nearly two hundred ninety pounds I don't usually fear much. But that day I did. I realized there are some things you had better fear if you have half a brain in your head. It didn't matter that I could walk through Central Park unmolested. Something was on the wind, something that didn't care who it touched, did not respect physical size.
I walked through the park. There were hundreds there already. In the coming days those same people began to make the park home. But that day they wandered aimlessly, in shock. The subway was shut down, the buses. You could not find a cab. The same with the cops. Everything that was the same about the city, the things you could depend on to be the same day after day, were gone. A few short days, and they were gone. No more. And it had a feeling of permanence to it, a feeling of doom.
I sat down on a bench and watched the people shuffle by. No noisy kids. No babies bawling. No Joggers. No dog walkers. Hopeless people shuffling by. The occasional panicked whack job running around crazily. I saw no one shot that day, but in the coming days, they, the hopeless ones, began to shoot the crazies, chase them down and kill them. But that was later. That day I sat on the bench and wondered what had happened, and that was when the planes had overflown.
We all heard them from a long way off, military cargo planes. Slow, sometimes seeming to hang in the sky. That droning sound as they overflew, blocking the sun from the sky. This was no fly over to see how New York was, that much was evident immediately.
I was torn between running and needing to know what this was. Once you start down that path of just reacting to fear, it gets bad fast, so I sat there, as calm as I could be. 'They will not drop bombs,' was my thought. I remember it. And they didn't. What they did was spray the entire city. Trails of blue-tinged vapor drifting down out of the sky. That was the first time. 
I finally did give in to the fear and took off through the park, thinking, like nearly everyone else, that it must be some sort of poison. The government's solution to whatever it was that was going on in the city.
We didn't know what the blue shit the government planes sprayed us with right after everything went to hell was. And I am still not convinced I know all there is to know, but I suspect things. I have been told things. I met a guy a few weeks back that said he worked at the Army base over in Jersey. He said he knew what it was. He said the planes came from somewhere down south, but stopped there on the way back to re-fuel. What he told me was it was designed to strengthen us, keep us alive a little longer, make us stronger somehow. Some dip shit scientist's idea.
I suppose it was meant as a boost for us, a help. The world slowed down, fell apart; everything stopped working. They knew they couldn't get to us. We would die. So they sprayed the blue shit on us, and I could suppose further that some of us survived the first few months because of it. I can't prove it, but I suspect it did help us evolve into... 
I don't know. Whatever the hell we are now. I know we're alive. I know our hearts beat. I still feel human, and I truly think I am still human. If it made changes to the living, they are very small changes... at least so far.
But the dead - oh, the dead. That's a different story. It did something else to the dead.
I walked along now thinking my thoughts. I was lost in them - I'll admit it - right back in March for a few seconds. But I came back fast.
We were right in front of a line of cliffs that overhung the river, spread out a little. At least I was. It's funny how you can forget to be careful so goddamn fast. It was somewhere past midday when they came for us.
“Bear! Bear!” 
Cammy from a hundred yards down. The panic and fear in her voice made my heart leap into my throat, and because of her fear, and probably some of my own, I did a really stupid thing right then that cost me time. I was so panicked, that I threw my rifle down and sprinted toward the sound of her voice. I got maybe twenty feet when the realization of what I had done hit me. It would have been comical to see the way I locked my legs up and tried to turn around before I had even come to a stop if it had not been so goddamned serious.
I had the rifle back in my hands, the safety off, just a fraction of a second later when Cammy and Madison opened up on the UN-dead closing in on them from the mouth of the narrow trail that lead up from the river. I added my fire to theirs before I had run another fifty feet, and their leader, a shambling wreck of a corpse, folded up, and then flopped over the side of the trail and down into the river. I continued to run as I fired, and I was shocked to realize that I was screaming at the top of my lungs as I closed in. I am big, but I can move when I have to.
“Goddamn-son-of-a-bitching-goddamn-bastards,dead-fuckers!” All strung together. Fear words. I did not hear them at first so I did not know when they started, and I could not shut them down once I did hear them. The panic and fear were just too hot.
I watched as, unseen by Cammy and Madison, a Zombie crouched on a narrow path above them swiveled his rotting head to me, seemed to take my measure with a wide, yellowed grin, and then dropped from the ledge on to Madison's back. 
“No! Goddamn-son-of-a-bitches-dead-bastards-bastards!” I could not say, 'Madison Look Out!' Or speed up my feet or any other damn thing. Time had slowed, become elastic, strange, too clearly seen. The Zombie hit her hard, and she folded like an accordion, driven into the ground, a few hundred pounds of animated corpse riding her down into the dirt, clawed hands clutching, mouth already angling to bite... to taste her.
I was still thirty or more yards away. I could not see how that could even be possible. I should have been closer, but I was not. I saw Cammy turn, panicked, take her eyes off the other UN-dead and start towards Madison. Unchallenged, the other Zombies closed ground far faster than they should have been able to. 
I saw the Zombie on Madison take a mouthful of her back, just below the curve of her neck, and rip the flesh away from her spine. Cammy's rifle came up and barked, and the zombie blew apart, raining down on Madison, a storm of black blood. Somehow, I managed to switch to full auto, get my rifle up, and spray an entire one hundred round clip into the other zombies where they rushed along the path towards Cammy and the fallen Madison.
Madison screamed. Time leapt back into its proper frame, and I found myself five feet away as Madison arched her back, screamed and tried to stand. Blood ran in a perfect river from her gaping wound, across the white of her T-Shirt and down to the waist of her jeans.
“I think... I think...” Madison tried.
“Baby... Baby,” Cammy sobbed. She dropped to her knees and pulled Madison to her. “Oh, Baby... Baby,” Cammy sobbed.
I looked back up at the trail. Empty. At least of moving UN-dead. Three or four, it was hard to tell with the tangle of legs and arms, lay dead on the pathway. Silence descended. I heard a bird in the trees above calling as if nothing was wrong with the world, Cammy sobbing, Madison crying hysterically, the wind moaning through the empty buildings that were set just back from the cliffs and the river on this side of the city.
I was thinking, 'That wind is colder. Colder even than when we started out this morning. Maybe the weather will turn back to snow and cold. Maybe winter is not done after all... Or coming sooner... It could be. It's all so screwed up. Maybe, if it does get cold, it will slow those bastards down. Maybe we will be okay... My, God... They bit Madison... They BIT Madison!!!' I sagged to the ground, my mind full of confusion and numbness.
Cammy was sobbing uncontrollably. Madison had lapsed into shock. I was sitting crossed legged, wondering where in Hell this would all end up, my rifle fallen from my hands and laying on the ground next to me. Time spun out, dragged, seemed elastic once more, sticking in places and jumping ahead from those places to where it should have been had it continued to run properly.
Cammy sobbing, holding Madison up, kissing her forehead, telling her how much she loved her... how she was her world... 
Madison, eyes rolled back in her head... face pale... fine beads of sweat standing out on her forehead... her back a bright slick of red running across Cammy's hands where she held her. Slowing... Slowing... Cammy mouthing words in such slow motion that I could not understand what she said. Madison's body sagging, eyes rolled up to the whites... bright dots of blood speckled across Cammy's cheeks. Then time jumped, staggered, came back to normal, and Cammy was screaming and screaming...
“No! … NO! … Not my... My, love, my Madison, my...” Collapsing to the ground with Madison, crying still... softer, but continuous.
“Cammy,” My voice, but I did not know it at first. I actually stopped speaking and looked around, startled, before I realized it was me speaking. I turned my attention back to Cammy. “Cammy... Cammy, it'll be okay... It'll be...”
“NO!....NO!” She scrambled backward, pulling Madison's unconscious body with her. She wiped one hand across her eyes trying to stem the flow of tears... “NO! She's... She's okay... Okay... You can't... You...” She broke down into sobs, pulled Madison to her and began dragging her away from me.
“Cammy... Cammy, it bit her... Bit her... Cammy... Cammy, it's... It's just you and me, Cammy... It bit her... It bit her...”
She let go of Madison and lunged for her rifle. I sat, still cross legged, stupidly, as she grabbed it and leveled it at me.
“Get out,” She said very calmly. Much more calmly than I thought she should have been capable of.
“Cammy... What are you doing... Cammy?”
“GET OUT, GET OUT, GET OUT!” She screamed. I reared back as the rifle barrel came up and then slashed down across my face. I jumped back, but not fast enough. The steel barrel smashed into my lower lip, through it, and then hit my teeth. I immediately tasted blood and machine oil. My tongue ran across my teeth unconsciously. I was sure she had smashed them out, but the barrel edge had come up short, or I had moved back far enough. One of those things.
The pain was delayed, but it came never-the-less. Hard, heavy, fast, down into my lower jaw and then ricocheted back up into the top of my head. I scrambled backwards, tripped over my own rifle, got it into my hands, and then time did that funny slowing, elastic thing again. 
The blood dripped from my chin onto the ground. My rifle was pointed squarely at Cammy, safety off and an empty clip, but Cammy didn't know that. The blood dripped slowly. Cammy's eyes swam in and out of focus, but remained on me. Her rifle barrel dipped and then rose again, leveled on me once more.
She seemed to take a deep breath that went on forever, and then, once more, time sped up. “I'll kill you,” Cammy told me. “If you touch her, I'll kill you... I will,” She started out strong but ended in a doubtful, whining whisper.
I didn't drop my rifle barrel, but held one hand out in front of me in a placating gesture. “Not touching anyone... Not,” I managed through my busted lip and aching jaw. The pain was a live, throbbing thing.
“You will... But... I know you will... You think... You think...” She seemed all at once to realize that she no longer held Madison in her arms. She took a deep shuddering breath and then dropped her rifle to the ground. She collapsed back down to the ground and crawled to Madison’s body.
I stood shocked, not knowing what to do. Time side-slipped again. The bird went back to calling out, if it had ever stopped. The wind came back, blowing cold against my face, pushing the flush of heat that the situation had brought with it away, cooling the sweat on my brow. The bird called. Another picked it up, and soon all of the birds were talking as though nothing at all had happened. It became a perfect storm of noise after the deepness of the silence. Time slipped away again, clouds moving across the cold, blue of the sky.
Cammy sat, Madison pulled up into her lap, a large smear of maroon on her forehead, stroking Madison’s black hair. The birds called. The coldness of the wind seemed to bite at my bones. Nipping. Tasting. An Undead thing of its own.
I can't tell you why I did it, but I am glad I did. I pushed the button on the rifle butt, dropped the empty clip in to my waiting palm, and slid another up into the rifle where it socketed itself home with a solid click. I did it perfectly, like I had been doing it all of my life instead of just the last few months since the UN-dead disease, epidemic, disorder, plague, what-ever-the-fuck it is has happened. She never looked up. The birds didn't stop singing their birdsong. Just in case, I told myself. Just in case.
I stood, my knees screaming, flexed experimentally and then walked a short distance away, leaning up against the cliff face. I reached into my jacket pocket, pulled out my pouch and rolled a cigarette. I felt at my lips, busted up, but it would heal. I had been in fights in my old life where I had been busted up much worse. I lit the cigarette, held it carefully between my lips, smoking as I watched the clouds slip across the sky. Letting the urgency of the situation float away on the wind like the smoke.
Cammy's voice had fallen to a barely audible whisper as she stroked Madison's hair and held her. Madison's lips, blue tinged, moved, too quiet to hear her words. A private conversation. A private conversation in the wide open, which, thanks to the UN-dead, was a very private place. No one at all around, alive anyway, and the dead could care less about love, secrets, whispered promises, goodbyes. The UN-dead only cared about the hunger that seemed to drive them. Flesh, and more flesh. The time turned elastic once more and spun out of control for some unknown length. I only know that when I came back to myself the sun had moved across the sky. My thoughts were about darkness, Zombies, staying alive.
~
When I think back on it now, I realize a noise had brought me back. Had to be, otherwise there was no reason for me to come back at all, just stay gone. Let the sun go down and the UN-dead take the night, me, Cammy, Madison and whatever else they wanted. But it didn't go that way.
A noise, a sliding foot, a pebble falling from above... I really don't know. I know that this time I reacted fast. My rifle came up; my mind was clear. I focused; two of them dropping from the cliffs above... like cats... like dead, stinking, feral cats... dragging that stink of death with them. The stench of rotted flesh falling from the sky, enveloping me even as I fired into them.
I had a choice. I couldn't get them both. One falling at me, one falling at Cammy where she sat with Madison cradled in her arms, oblivious to everything around her. My reaction chose for me. The rifle came straight up and spat short, little barks of noise and flame. The Zombie started to come apart before it hit me. A shower of cold, dead blood rained down on me, splattered against my face. The body hit the barrel of the rifle and took me down to the ground, clutching the rifle hard to keep from losing it as the full weight of the Zombie came down on it.
I kept it, but only by sheer determination. The Zombie had impaled herself onto the barrel. Her flesh so rotted that it had simply punched through her breast and out her back. I shoved her off as quickly as I could, one booted foot kicking against her chest, knocking her apart, pulling the barrel back through the soft flesh and hard bone.
I expected to see Cammy done for. I expected to see her dead or dying, but she had somehow ended up about twenty feet from where the Zombie had fallen. She looked herself, as if she had no real idea how that had happened, but when I raised my eyes and they took in the whole scene before them, I saw exactly how it had happened.
Madison must have still been awake. Laying there badly injured but not gone, taking the comfort from Cammy that she offered. When the Zombie fell, she saw it. She saw it and managed to push Cammy away from her and take the attack on herself. 
The Zombie was no match for her, wounded though she was. She straddled the Zombie with a rock easily the size of her own head and brought it down hard. Once. Twice, and then I lost count, and the Zombie quit fighting. The UN-dead, dead again. This time for good.
The silence came back hard. Like a curtain on the last act of a play, just when the audience isn't expecting it. It crashed down.
~
Time did its elastic trick and then snapped back before I was ready for it. My senses were shot. At first I could not connect the dots of memory that I needed to connect to make sense of what my eyes were seeing.
Cammy rose to shaky legs and started toward Madison, sobbing once more. Madison’s eyes swiveled to me. A sick look in them, and pain riding there too. She slumped forward, one wrist flapping uselessly, and lunged for the rifle that Cammy had trained on me not so long ago. Time stopped its elastic trickery right around that time. I knew exactly what she intended to do before she did it. 
Cammy stopped in mid stride and nearly fell backwards at the effort of stopping so quickly. I think she believed for a second that Madison intended to shoot her. I really believe she thought that. But that was not the plan, and I knew that was not the plan. Because the plan that had resurfaced in her mind was the one we had talked about, half seriously, half jokingly, for as long as we had been traveling together. Before she followed through on that plan, I heard her tell it to me in my mind once again, the way she had a week or so before. When she had been unmolested... whole... not about to join the ranks of the UN-dead herself.
“If I ever fuckin' have to, I won't hesitate,” Madison had said, “Once I'm dead, I don't want to come back.” She shuddered and grimaced at the same time.
We had been in an old house over in Harlem. That was before Harlem got crazy too. We'd had gas lanterns for light. The windows were boarded over. The UN-dead scratched and cried and pleaded, but they could not get in. The four of us - John had still been alive then, in fact he had died just two days later. Fell through a rotted section of floor in that same old house. Impaled himself on a pipe in the basement. Madison had shot him in the head nearly as soon as he had stopped his struggles. Cammy had bent double and vomited. I had held it in, but barely - but that night John had been alive, he had still been with us. With us as we listened to the sounds of the UN-dead that were trying to get to us. To kill us. To eat us. To satisfy their ceaseless hunger. In the flickery light from the gas lanterns, she had said it, and he had nodded his head, agreeing immediately with what she had said. And I had not. It had not been a real thing to me, despite what I had already gone through on my own, until two days later when John had died and she had wasted no time. None. 
“He would have expected it,” she had said, and nothing more. But that night... that night she had said it right out. Like a mantra, like looking into the future and seeing this day.
“If they come for me, if they get me? I'll put a bullet in my own head. I will. I swear I will. If I ever fuckin' have to, I won't hesitate,” Madison had said, “Once I'm dead, I don't want to come back.”
And Cammy had begun to cry. “Don't say it, Maddie. Don't say it.” And she hadn't said it again, but it didn't matter. She had already spoke it into truth. I had heard it. I had heard it, and I knew she meant it.
And now, time stopped its trick. She jammed the rifle under her chin and squeezed the trigger. Her head exploded in a spray of red and gray. I swear I could hear the sounds of small bits of bone and drops of blood pattering down to the ground. And then the silence was roaring again.
I took a breath, another... And then Cammy began to scream once more.
~
It's been three weeks. I thought Cammy would never talk again. I believed she wouldn't, right up until she did yesterday. 
I just kept us moving. Different places in the city, not staying in any one place for more than a day. Walking days, seeking refuge at night. The zombies smell us, you know. They can smell us for miles. So at night it's been strong places, strong places where they can't get in, and then hope like hell that these were not some of the new breed, the ones that don't seem to have a need to avoid the day, and that they would be gone in the morning.
I started carrying a radio the other day. Clips on the belt. FM. Picks up a lot of talk during the day. There's a place that a lot of the people I hear from have heard about, down south somewhere. Nobody seems to know exactly where it is. But others swear they have talked to the people that founded this place. A city somewhere down south. I had heard of something like that when it was Donita and me back in New York, but the word I keep hearing is that it is a safe place, that it is open to everyone. 
So that is where I had been thinking about getting us to. Three days ago we got a truck. It's still just me and Cammy, but it feels safer.
I have been thinking about this place. I don't know who these people are, if they even exist. I only know the whole world is fucked up. I have come to understand that even if I get us as far south as I can, we won't make it for long. There are only two of us that can fight. The dead are getting smarter, and that is not just my point of view. It's on the radio. They all say it. 
L.A. and New York, both are barely hanging on. Both! Barely hanging on! Nearly over run! We're right here. I see it everyday. The people talking aren't exaggerating at all. If the big cities are truly falling apart, and people can't make it banded together, how can we make it alone? 
No. I'm heading for this place. I'm hoping it's real. Today on the radio I caught someone talking, and it sounded like he was talking about the same place I have heard about. Too far away to hear me. Skip. You can never tell where it's coming from. I'm just hoping it's true, that I didn't just imagine it to assuage my mind.
Meantime, I am trying to keep us alive, find strong places to stay through the nights. There are strong places, places you can find if you give it some thought. Stairwells in highrises, steel and concrete. They can't get through those doors. Deep freezers in grocery stores. Heavy steel doors. The vehicles if we have to, and we have had to. They can't get in there to get us either. A little fire at night if I can, because they are afraid of fire. It's one constant, so far. The Zombies don't like the smell of smoke. 
Canned stuff to eat. Christ, we'll be eating canned shit until we die. Get up the next day and push on. Get moving again. And that is what I've done. Kept us moving. Kept us safe. And she has come willingly, although silently, like a big, semi-animated puppet. And then yesterday she was sitting beside me, silent as she had been since the thing with Madison, and she spoke.
“I don't like beans, Bear. I just don't. Maybe we could find something different tonight?” She had lifted her voice at the end and made it into a question. I was winding my way through the middle of an abandoned car and a wrecked, burned out truck, months old. I looked over at her. She smiled, tentative at first, but then it lit up her face. I had to laugh. I had so much pent up inside me.
“The beans are a bit much then?” I asked.
“A bit,” she agreed.
I brought the truck to a dead stop for a second, not knowing what to say.
“You could say, 'Welcome back',” she said softly.
“Welcome back,” I repeated, every bit as quietly. “Welcome back...”
CHAPTER TWO
Donita's Notebook
March 1st (Night)
Quakes, at least three. Warmed up fast, and all of the dirty snow that was piled along the streets has melted. Torrential rains. Thunder and lightening in the snow storm that came after sunset. Didn't last long; turned back to rain. Parts of the projects are burning. Jersey is burning. The sky is red-orange, like everything across the river is on fire. No one has come.
March 2nd (Day)
Rain 'til noon. Destruction widespread. Then horrific quake just before dark. Started to rain again, very heavy, then later at night it turned to snow. Lightening in the snow storm.
Night, no moon, no stars. Storms stopped for awhile, still no stars. Then the storms came back harder.
March 3rd (Night)
Rain in the day, but as soon as the sun set, it turned colder. Snow, heavy snow, thunder and lightening through out the night. No moon or starlight. No stars at all!
March 4th (Day into Night)
Electronics stopped working, wristwatches, battery powered clocks. Bear tried to start a truck. Nothing... Dead. Three more quakes, aftershocks. Planes sprayed blue stuff on us too.
March 5th (Day)
Tremors. Time seems off; days are longer, I feel it. No way to measure it though. No rain or snow.
Harlem ~ March 6th
Donita sat on a stool in the kitchen writing in her little notebook. Something was going on out in the world. Something, and the news was covering it up. The local news had been canceled. First at noon and now again at five. There had been no strange weather today, but the time was still off. Really off. The days were longer, no doubt about it at all.
There were fires burning out of control in the projects. No firemen had come. No cops. Nobody at all. There had been Earthquakes, or at least the ground had shook. Explosions somewhere? Was it Earthquakes? It seemed like no one knew.
Donita didn't know anyone who owned a phone. A real phone. Real phones were a thing of the past. But a real phone would have been good now, because something had happened to all of the cell phones. The bars had dropped to nothing. How could that even be, she had asked Bear. There were towers all over the place! Nevertheless they had ceased to function, and she now found herself wishing for a real phone.
Bear had rigged up a C.B. radio and they had listened to that for awhile. Twice a voice bled through claiming to be from somewhere in Jersey, warning everyone to stay away. The voice claimed the city was on fire. Union City? North Bergen? Edgewater? They didn't say, but it looked like all of Jersey was burning, just like parts of New York. There were gangs fighting for control of what was left here, probably the same there. The voice went on to say the dead were rising and walking the streets.
“Feds?” Donita asked.
“Feds landed and took over the streets?” Bear supplied.
Donita shook her head doubtfully. “I hope so... Because it sounded like dead... The dead are walking the streets...” She trailed off and turned her eyes back to the windows; night coming, noise winding up in the projects, low hanging gray clouds that slipped past the windows. “That's crazy, though, right?”she asked. ”Crazy?”
“Yeah... Nuts... I think it was Feds, Baby.... Feds... Maybe it means there's some serious shit going on there? We thought that anyhow, right? But dead walking the streets… Can't be,” Bear said in his deep, bass voice. He pulled Donita closer to him.
A few minuets later the C.B. went dead. When it came back a few seconds after that, there was a man identifying himself as Commander Roberts, telling them to keep the channel clear. Donita looked up at Bear. He pulled her closer and watched the night come down outside the windows.
Billy Jingo: The North side of Harlem
Billy paced the hallway, trying to think it out. Telling himself it was the right thing to do. The problem was that he was not used to doing the right thing. So unused to it, in fact, that he wasn't sure he wanted to try... should try.
The world had been turned upside down for the last few days. There was no official word that anything was wrong at all, but someone had fucked up. Of that he had no doubt at all.
The police? Gone. Fire department? Ditto. Army? Well, wasn't the National Guard supposed to show up when the shit hit the fan? But so far the army had not raised a finger to do anything for them at all. There was a base right over in Jersey, but there had been no sign of them.
He lived on the North side, a highrise that had been new sometime back in the seventies. He had gone up to the roof twice during the day and looked over the city.
It appeared to be dead. There was a precinct only two blocks away, deserted, doors hanging open. Looters were carrying away cheap computer systems and who knew what else, a steady stream in and out of the front doors.
There were fires over past the park. It appeared to be the projects, or most of the projects, but there were other single fires all over the city too. There had been for two days now, and no one had come to put those fires out. And there was more; you could hear gunfire from all over the city all night long. He continued to pace the hall.
This was not normally a bad neighborhood, but it was no picnic either. There had been a few fires. Dozens of buildings had come down or were now tilted crazily. The looting had started at some point, and now there were armed men prowling the streets in gangs.
He had acquired a gun from a pawn shop a few blocks over, ransacked, left open to the world. He had loaded it and waited, but the few that had ventured to his door had turned away when they had seen him with the gun. 
Winston, the old man that lived in the back basement apartment, had called them all down to listen to the radio just a short time ago. Not your average radio, a Short Band receiver. They had ended up listening to military talk, military talk that was probably supposed to be restricted. The stories that had come from that radio said the rest of the world was no better off. Explosions or earthquakes, there was a great deal of devastation everywhere.
A few years before, the CDC had issued a warning about Zombies, the inevitability of an attack. How it would come. Why it would come. What you should do. How to survive it, and more. Billy and his friends had gotten a good laugh over it. He had been down in Mexico at the time because of some trouble he had gotten into in New York. And he had been living like a king. What sort of trouble could possibly come? What he had listened to on the radio in the last few days had changed his mind completely.
Washington D.C. was completely overrun, the President gone. They weren’t even sure he had made it into hiding. L.A. and Atlanta, overrun with the risen dead. Mexico, absolutely silent. Canada, the same. Millions of people absolutely silent. How could that even be? And right here in New York, there was talk on the radio about dead roaming the streets too, and probably every city in between L.A. and New york, because if they had overrun the big cities, what kind of chance did the smaller cities and towns have, he asked himself.  
CBS had stopped broadcasting here three days ago. It had apparently not stopped broadcasting soon enough in the west, where T.V. viewers had witnessed the network studios being overrun, and the anchor of the evening news attacked on camera. The United states was under attack by an army of the Un-Dead. 
He had spent some time checking the other stations, cable, internet. Univision? Nothing at all. ABC? NBC? Dead air. Cable? Satellite? Frozen pictures on some channels, nothing at all on the others, and not a single channel you could actually watch. The internet was dead. That had seemed worse than all the rest of it. Google didn't load the page for his browser, but it also didn't tell him why. Nothing.
And it wasn't just the United States and North and South America. Germany had not been heard from in a week. England, France, all of the European countries were incommunicado. The radio man's words, not Billy's. Australia had seemed fine up until two days ago. They had been talking about the problems facing America and Great Briton. They seemed to be wondering what was going on the same as everyone else. Then the newscast had stopped in mid sentence. Shortly after that, the satellite feed had gone to static, and the few HAM radio operators that had been relaying information from there had gone silent too.
Since then he had paced the hallways. He should talk to Jamie... Beth... Winston... Scotty, a few others. It might be time to talk about getting out of here. The thing he was concerned about was the non action from the Army. That was not Military like. For them to be sitting by and allowing this to happen, it must be a serious thing. And he had no doubt that eventually they would get their shit together, or think they had their shit together, and then they would act. And who knew what their remedy for zombies might be?
He stopped his pacing. Who did know, he asked himself again. Nobody. He stood in the hall for a second. Jamie was upstairs with Beth and a few others. Night was coming. Traveling in the night was not an option, at least not one he wanted to explore. But maybe they should be ready to leave in the morning. Maybe, maybe not. Maybe it was not something they should do hastily, but he did believe they should not stay too much longer. He turned back towards the stairs, debated only briefly, then walked back and climbed them to the second floor. He would start with Beth. Let Beth make the decision. She would know what to do.
March 6th: Watertown New York 
Candace's Diary 
I've decided to leave. I can't stay here. There was a tremor last night, and not one of the really bad ones, but even so I was sure the house would come down on me. It didn't. Maybe though, that is a sign, I told myself. And scared or not, I have to go. I have to. I can't stay here. Maybe tomorrow.
Mike's Journal
There were planes overhead in the night. I know that sounds crazy, but I awoke to hearing them. There was a strange smell in the air and I was thinking, in my dream? Maybe in my dream or maybe awake. Anyway, I was thinking crop dusters. Like they were crop dusting, spraying something. It was weird. Today when I went out, I could see traces of blue... powder? Something on the snow, and it made me remember the dream. But I pushed it away and walked. Too much to see and comprehend as it was without worrying over bad dreams.
March 9th: 618 Park Avenue: Seventh floor. 2B
Donita's Notebook:
March 8th (Morning): Fresh snow. Made it all look like it never happened... Clean.
March 9th (Afternoon): Warming up, days longer. Nothing works, so I can't track the hours, but I know the days are longer.
Donita folded the cover back on her notebook and slipped it into her pocket. She stood on the balcony that overlooked the city, watching the fires that still burned here and there. It was ironic to her that the balcony faced West. Like she had never really left that world, only acquired a different view of it.
This was so much different than their own place. The west side, even the other side of the river over in Jersey, was almost entirely in flames now. Across the river, the same west side she was looking over at now, still burned brightly. And Harlem was strange. The gangs had taken over. First fighting amongst themselves, then taking over the streets. The drug infested blocks just off the  interchanges where the white folks had sometimes drove down into, pretending to be lost so they could buy their shit, take it back to their cozy, safe neighborhoods - probably a place just like this, Donita thought - and get high with their friends, closed down. The whole area blocked off, city buses pulled across the streets. They had tried to go there. She knew first hand what it was like.
She and Bear had left that area after just a few hours of wandering the streets, ducking in and out of the alleys to stay hidden, hearing the gunfire. The dead were one thing to have to deal with. She guessed the living would be the other thing everyone would have to contend with there, and there were too many dead. Too many poor in life, too many dead in death. And that was bad because death was not death any longer. Death was... Donita twisted her head and tried to put it into context, but she couldn't. There was no context. It made no sense. Death was still death, except death was also now life. And life, the kind of life she knew, breathing, drawing breath, was becoming rare. Over there, if the dead didn't get you, the gangs would. It was a no win situation. Her heart fluttered in her chest, and she took a short breath involuntarily. Little angel wings flapping against her ribcage. It was what always came to mind when it happened, always.
Fires burned over on the west side too. Nothing like Jersey though. There seemed to be a concerted effort, behind those barricades of buses, to get the fires out. It had been just over a week now since the city had collapsed. She and Bear had come here two days before. She thought back on it, playing the scene over in her head as she watched the fires burn across the river. Cliffside, North Bergen, Union City. She couldn't tell where the fires burned and where they left off. Maybe all of Jersey was on fire.
Two days prior...
They had walked right down the middle of the street, looking up at the buildings as they walked. Park Avenue looked bad, but nowhere near as bad as Harlem had looked.
618 rested above the door of this building in two foot tall brass letters. The door had been partly open. They had seen that from the street and walked closer.
The doorman, an elderly white haired man, had been dead, lying in the doorway preventing the door from closing and locking. The dead had killed him but not turned him. Or at least he had not turned yet. What a lot you learn in three days, she told herself now, as she remembered. They had dug in, shifted him outside the door. Bear had dragged him to the gutter as she had held the door. They had no sooner let the door close than he had sat up in the gutter of the street.
“Bear! He's only hurt,” she had said, shocked. She had turned to Bear where he stood behind her in the hallway. The words coming to her lips automatically.
“Baby,” he had started. But that was when the doorman had hit the glass door. Rattling it in its frame, scaring her so badly that she had peed herself a little. Bear had dragged her unprotesting, backwards down the hallway.
They had used the elevator, taken it to the top of the building. There had still been electric in the building that first day. Now the elevator was dead, wedged open on their floor.
There had been an old lady in the apartment across the hall. She had come and stared as Bear had forced the handset and let them into the apartment.
“You know, Amanda Bynes will not care for that at all,” she had told them as she stood in her doorway, clutching her dressing gown to her throat.
“Well, fuck Amanda Bynes,” Bear had told her. He turned to her. “Not to put too fine a point on it,” he added. She had shrunk back.
She blinked. “Well, I don't suppose she'll be back. Do you?” She hadn't waited for an answer, but answered for herself. She lowered her eyes to the floor. “No. I don't suppose she will.” She looked back up. “Well, you're welcome to it I guess. I guess it doesn't belong to anyone anymore. You just scared me is all.” She stood blinking. Donita walked across the short distance and stuck out her hand.
“I don't think anyone who isn't here right now will ever be back,“ Donita had told her. She had held the old woman’s cold, thin hand.
“Alice,” the old woman said as Donita told her her name. “Jefferson,” she had added.
Bear chuckled from across the hall. Donita had turned her eyes to him. “Just found it amusing is all,” Bear had told her.
“I wonder what Mister James might think about all of this,” Alice had said. “We've never had... trouble like this,” she had finished quietly.
“Mister James is your husband?” Bear had asked kindly.
He tended to snap at people and then regret it after. He was so big that he scared people when he did that. Six foot three, and at two hundred and ninety, very close to three hundred pounds. But he was really an easy going soul, Donita knew. He had been trying to make up for snapping at the old woman a few seconds before.
“No, dear, our doorman. He's not supposed to let anyone in at all.” She had clutched at her throat and the collar of her housecoat once more.
Donita had looked at Bear. He had opened his mouth and then closed it. She had turned her eyes to Alice. “Alice... Alice, the Zombies got him. They got your Mister James... I'm sorry,” she had told her.
Alice had blinked. “I see. Well he'll probably lose his job if he's... well if he's unable to do it,” she had looked at Donita. “Do you think he's unable to do it?”
Donita nodded. “I'm pretty sure,” She had said.
“Well, I wonder who will do it then?”
The silence had held in the hallway for a short time and Bear broke it. “Do you think you might want to come over here with us? We're going to try to ride it out. Can't last forever, right?” He had finished with the lock-set, swung open the door and looked into the gloomy interior of Amanda Bynes' apartment. He turned back to face her.
“No. Thank you, but I have always lived alone and I can't see changing it now. Have you seen these Zombies, these dead people? I saw it on the T.V. before it quit working.” She had peered up at Bear.
“Yeah. We've seen them. Had to fight our way through them.” His hand had come up and scrubbed at his face and the beard that was beginning to grow there..
Alice had nodded. Her long robe lifted at floor level and a small white dog had stuck his head out from under the hem and looked up at Bear and Donita. Alice followed their eyes down. “Ge-boo,” she had said. The dog looked up at her and then slipped his head back under the hem of the robe once more. He had poked his nose back out a few seconds later, fixed his eyes on Donita, and then slipped back under the robe for good. It seemed to Donita as though it hadn't really happened.
“A dog,” Bear had said.
Alice had nodded. “I have been walking him in the daylight. They said... the T.V. said... they can't come out in the daylight. Like vampires or something. They haven't bothered Ge-Boo and me. Have you seen them in the daylight?” She had asked.
“No,” Bear had told her.
“No,” Donita had agreed. “But you shouldn't go out. There are bad people out there... not just Zombies.”
“You mean people that break into people's houses?” Alice had asked. She had looked from Donita to Bear.
“Yeah, well, okay,” Bear had agreed. “Just be careful... Alice,” He had added her name as an afterthought. “Donita,” Donita had nodded at Alice and then stepped into Amanda Bynes' apartment.
Now she looked out over the fires burning in Jersey. The air was full of ash and smoke. It seemed like it always was now. She turned and went back into the apartment, sliding the balcony door shut behind her.
Madison and Cammy
The street was empty. Madison went first, taking her time, then called to the others. Cammy and Mickey came around the corner a few seconds later. Cammy stopped, watching Madison where she waited. Mickey came slowly, trying to look everywhere at once, holding the machine pistol he carried pointed up at the sky.
Harlem was crazy. There were very few dead, but there were very few dead because the gangs were running all the sick and elderly out of the neighborhoods. They had watched from the safety of a rooftop that overlooked the projects, as some of the gang members had gone apartment to apartment in the projects, running the people there out into the street.
They had lined them up in the middle of the road and run them out of the projects, past the buses. Three different times one of the oldsters had turned to argue, or maybe just to make a point and they had clubbed them down, dragging them unconscious, out past the buses, and then shooting them in the head. After that they had begun going house to house looking for any other old people, sick, injured. Yeah, it was crazy in Harlem. They had decided to get out. There was no telling what might happen if they stayed.
Mickey finally lowered the machine pistol he carried to the ground, took one more look around, and then his eyes came back to Madison as he walked. 
The shot rang out, and they all flinched. Madison went into a crouch. She had reached out and grabbed Cammy, pulling her low too, so she did not see Mickey begin to fall. Did not look that way until he was crumpled on the ground like a small pile of dirty clothes. Her eyes shot up toward the buildings quickly, but they dropped as a voice spoke.
"Get the fuck up, bitches." A tall, dark-skinned kid - a kid, no more than that - walked from the darkened doorway of a building across the street. "I said, get the fuck up," he repeated as he walked toward them.
Cammy stood from her crouch and Madison stood with her. "You don't have to hurt us," Madison began.
"Good... Good. You bitches just get your asses moving and it'll be cool then." He motioned back the way they had come with his gun. Madison looked down at Mickey crumpled in the street, blood pooling around him, and got her feet moving. She held Cammy close as they walked slowly back into Harlem.
Watertown New York March 9th
Candace's Diary
I saw a man across the river this afternoon when we were on our way back from the south side of the city. He seemed to be climbing the riverbank. I only saw him for a few moments, and I could not be sure where he was going. I had to set down the bags I was carrying to get a better look, foodstuff we had picked up at the markets over on State Street. As I watched, he disappeared into the brush on the side of the bank.
Two days a ago I had seen bootprints at the market. Then again yesterday. I know this has to be that man. Has to be.
Anyway, I'm leaving in the morning to go over there and find the man that I saw. I know that sounds crazy. I know it does, but I'm going. I'm getting up at sunrise, and I'm going. Jan and Bob said they would go with me. I was outside until way after dark looking for firelight on the other side of the river. I didn't see any at all, but I know he's there.
I don't know that area though. Maybe I wouldn't see a fire over there. Maybe he is being careful. I want to know so much. When will I know it?
Mike's Journal
I saw other footprints at the market. It frustrates me, because I don't know how old they are. How long have they been there? Have they been there right along? Did I just miss them? I don't know how to tell. I do know they seem crisp at the edges. It seems like the way things melt and change, the wind, that they would have lost that look. I think, I don't know.
There are a few obvious different sets. Small and large. I can't tell past that. Maybe tomorrow I'll go earlier, try to be there when they are, assuming they are coming before me.
I have this cave coming along fine. I've been stockpiling food. I should have no problem this winter. I have more than enough to see me through, a few dozen others too. I hope. I know there are people here. I know it, but for some reason they are staying hidden. 
If I could find my way to a bigger city, I'm sure things would be fine. I wonder if I should stuff this stockpiling, and try to get to Syracuse... or Rochester... maybe even New York. It's close to four hundred miles, but maybe there are answers there. I just don't know.
I thought today about a radio. C.B., F.M., something. Even A.M.. When I go tomorrow, I'll look for radios. Guess that's it. I'm hanging in here. Still on my own.
Billy
He came from sleep fast, Jamie's face above him, her voice a low, panicked whisper.
"Wha... What... What?"
"Downstairs... It's downstairs," she didn't finish but she didn't need to. A crash came to his ears, but he could not tell if it was from the downstairs hallway. At least he hoped it was the downstairs hallway, not the stairs outside of their apartment, or, God forbid, even closer.
He jumped from the tangle of blankets, started to pull his shoes on, and then reached for his machine pistol instead as another noise came from the hallway. This time it did sound like the downstairs hallway; the steel gate that closed off the lobby. Billy thumbed the safety off the machine pistol and ran for the apartment door.
The hallway was nearly completely black. The hallway windows let in the light from outside, but it was very little. He slowed and felt his way to the staircase. He sensed her before his hand brushed against her.
"Don't you fuckin' shoot me, Billy Jingo." Beth whispered tightly. A small penlight clicked on and he could see her leaning against the wall from the upstairs apartment.
"No," Billy said. It was stupid, but he could think of nothing else to say. "Going down," he told her. He made the stairs and headed down toward the lobby. Behind him Beth had turned out the light, but he could feel her following behind him.
The noise became louder as they made their way downward. Billy tried to count the steps as he went. Fifteen to the landing, turn to the right, feel for the banister. Fifteen more to the bottom, but he missed the last step. He had made himself count the steps just earlier that day in case he had to navigate them in the blackness. 
He nearly fell before his foot found the floor and he regained his balance. He could smell them now though, hear them. Just fifteen or so feet across the lobby. He felt Beth’s hand brush against his back. A second later she pressed up against him and whispered in his ear.
"When I flick the light on them, just shoot!"
"But what if..."
"Fuck 'What if'... Just shoot. Who do you think it would be, the fuckin' Avon lady?" Silence fell. The noise stopped. "Goddammit," Beth muttered.
A second later the penlight came on. It was like a floodlight in the narrow hallway. The gate was broken, forced part way open at the top. Another few minutes and they would have been through. Six dead were transfixed by the beam. Two with iridescent red eyes that seemed to glow in the light from the penlight. Both snarled and lunged at the gate to force their way through to them.
His pistol was in his hands, but it was like the beam had frozen him too. He did not began to fire until after Beth's pistol began to fire. The noise was huge. Everything in the closed in space. All six of the dead fell and they thrashed on the floor. It was over fast. So fast that Billy had not even thought to breath. 
He stood, frozen, looking at the dead. Two still moved. He walked forward and shot both of them in the head, one by one. The beam left them and moved to the doorway.
The aluminum door frame was buckled in the doorway. The safety glass had been smashed out and lay on the floor in one crystallized sheet. Two heavy sledge hammers lay just outside the doorway. Another three were scattered among the dead by the steel gate.
"Son of a bitch," Beth breathed.
"Jesus. You don't think they were using those, do you?"
"Are you fuckin' kidding me?" Beth asked. She shone the light up and down the door frame. "We'll need a steel door and a welder to fix that," She said.
Billy nodded, realized she couldn't see it, and then spoke. "We can get one tomorrow."
She brushed against him as she squeezed past and walked toward the gate. His arm felt on fire from the softness of her breast as she had slipped past him. She turned and looked back at him. "They almost got in." She shone the light on the steel collapsible burglar door. It had been there for as long as she could remember, and she had lived in the building for several years. The top was nearly separated from the steel bracket that held the hinge mechanism. Billy got his feet moving, walked over and examined the top of the door.
They had hit it with the sledge hammer repeatedly. The steel had finally split, and it looked as though they had been trying to use sheer force to rip the rest of the bracket away from the wall where it was mounted. Billy stepped back.
"I think," he began, and that was when a zombie came through the shattered aluminum door frame and slammed into the steel gate. Fingers shot through the gaps in the steel and clutched at Billy's arm. The Zombie missed the arm but got his shirt sleeve and immediately snarled and began to pull back.
It lasted less than a full second and Beth’s pistol roared. The zombie's head blew apart in the narrow hallway, black zombie blood running down the walls.
"Got you? Got you?" Beth asked.
"No... No... No, I …" Billy couldn't find the words. Something moved outside the door, and he opened up on it. A second later there were four more Zombies flooding through the door. None of them made it to the gate, tripping over the other dead, and both Billy and Beth were firing immediately. One made it back out the door, a hole in its side that had blown away part of its spine as it had exited. Billy could not believe it was still able to move, but it was. Canted to one side, legs spasming as it ran, causing it to to lurch from side to side. It disappeared into the darkness before either of them could get another shot in. The silence came back full.
"You have got to get your shit together," Beth said quietly.
"I got my shit together," Billy shot back.
"You never saw that one coming through the door. If I hadn't shot it..."
"Well, fuck! If you hadn't... Never mind... Okay... I'll get my shit together."
She said nothing.
"Okay... Okay... Does us no good to get on each other... None at all... We can fix this tomorrow." He looked around the lobby. Her flashlight was already flickering, causing shadows to jump and fall on the walls. Batteries were getting tougher and tougher to find. He looked at his wrist and cursed low. Old habits died hard. Watches were worthless now. He hadn't worn one in a few days.
"I don't know either... I think a few hours 'til dawn," Beth said.
"Well I'll sit here and wait for it... All we can do," Billy said. "Go on back up and get some sleep. I got this." He settled back onto the step, sitting with his back to the upstairs.
Beth stayed silent for a moment and then came and sat next to him. "Got it with you," she said. She sat next to him and he immediately lost his words. Her arm pressed against his own. The light snapped off, and the heat of her arm became everything.
"Billy?" His name whispered from the upstairs hallway. Jamie.
"I'm here until daybreak," Billy whispered back.
Silence. And then... "It's safe?"
"They won't get past us," Billy said.
She said nothing. A few seconds later the door slammed upstairs. Billy sighed.
"Sorry," Beth said. She was aware how Jamie felt about her. Jamie and Billy were not really together, bu Jamie felt she owned him. Billy didn't help matters by staying with her, sleeping with her, yet not making it official, and she knew he was hung up on her too. So was Scotty. Ironically, she wasn't interested in either of them. She didn't feel like she absolutely had to have a man to protect her, define her. Yet, ironically she reminded herself again, she was doing the same thing with Scotty. Staying when she didn't feel the same, couldn't feel the same. "I better go up... keep the peace." Beth said quietly.
"Yeah... I'm good here," Billy said. He wasn't though. He wanted her to stay; he just didn't know what he could do to get her to stay. Nothing, he supposed. "I'll be good. Morning's not far away." Her arm pulled away, and a moment later he heard her soft footfalls on the stairs as she ascended them. Billy sat quietly, waiting for his eyes to adjust to the darkness, his machine pistol in his hands.
March 10th: 618 Park Avenue: Seventh floor. 2B 
Donita's Notebook:
March 10th: Warming up; days are longer. It feels like spring. It's early March. No way should it be this warm. My watch is working again, no rhyme or reason.
Donita stood now, overlooking the city. It seemed that everything had changed in the last few days. Her watch said it was somewhere past midnight, if it could be trusted. It had quit, started again, and she had set it for 9:00 PM at sunset. The days were longer, but she had no idea how much. It should be close. But so many strange things had happened that she wasn't sure it could be trusted. The days seemed longer. What good was a twenty four hour watch if the days were all screwed up? Longer? And everything else was bad too. Her own life was falling apart, and she couldn't even bring herself to tell Bear about it, or how much it scared her.
The old woman, Alice, had taken her dog Ge-Boo out a few days before, and she had not come back. Donita had opened the door a crack as she had been leaving and warned her again about how bad it was outside, but Alice had simply pretended not to see her, or hear her, when she had spoken. She had walked off down the hallway, smartly dressed, Ge-Boo wearing a small, pink sweater, and Donita had not seen her since. 
Bear had called the elevator back up a few hours later, locked it down, and then jammed it open with a chair from Amanda Bynes' kitchen. It was clear that if Alice was not back, she would not be back. The streets had suddenly been crawling with the dead. The daylight meant absolutely nothing to them at all. An hour or two into the darkness the electricity quit, and the building, most of Manhattan with it, had gone dark. Now this.
Donita looked out on the city now. The fires were everywhere. Twice, a few days back, the planes had overflown the city. Bear had been down in the park trying to find out what was going on. She had been alone, jumping at every sound. The planes had swooped low, blue-tinged mist spraying from the open cargo holds: military planes, jets. She had seen them clearly from the seventh floor. Soldiers in gas masks stood in the open bay doorways and directed the thick hoses that sprayed the city. Three men crouched in the open cargo holds of each plane.
She had slid the glass balcony doors closed, fashioned a rag around her mouth and waited for Bear to come back. He had not been long. They had been been able to smell something on the air, a thick, cloying smell that reminded Donita of old perfume. It had left a nasty taste in their mouths, but it didn't seem to do anything to them other than that. A few hours later, they had ventured back out on the balcony, the rags tossed aside. If it had been something to kill them, it would have already done that, they had both reasoned.
The city had fallen quiet. That night the recently risen from the dead were dead once more. They had fallen, sprawled into the streets where they had stood after crawling from their hiding places. Dead again. They had thought it was over. Hoped it was over.
Donita stood now and looked at the city. They weren't dead any longer. Whatever it had been, it had not been able to kill them, if that had been what it was supposed to do. In fact, it had seemed to make them even stronger once they had come back the second time; stronger and smarter. She could see them in the streets below now. They walked purposefully from doorway to doorway, testing the locks, stopping at every shadow. Investigating. A car here, a doorway there, looking up to catch her eyes. Maybe just to let her know that they knew she was still there. And Bear slept behind her in the bed, unaware of it all. Oblivious to it.
And there was irony here. Irony, because she was dying. She was dying, and she was sure that they knew it. She was sure that was the reason they kept looking up at her where she stood on the balcony, judging the time between now and when she would be one of them.
She blinked away tears as she looked out over the night darkened city: the fires that burned, the dead that prowled the streets. She had popped her last nitro the day before. It had taken the pain in her chest down, but it had not stopped it. Too much excitement. Too much damage from the drug use that had ravaged her body. She hadn't touched a thing in two years, but it had still killed her, just as she had known it would. It had just taken its time. Twenty three and a bad heart. It thundered and trip-hammered in her chest. Out of sync. Out of beat. Out of time. And the dead knew it. They were only waiting for her to stop, keel over, and...
She wondered about that 'and' as she looked out over the burning city. And what? She would raise back to life? She didn't think so, but she didn't know. She was sure they had to bite you for that to happen. Even so, if you did come back on your own... She stood brooding, feeling the pressure build in her chest as evening came on and the fires continued to burn.
She couldn't make Bear have to do it, she decided at last, and there probably wasn't much more time for her. If she intended to go, she should.
She turned and looked at Bear's outline on the bed. She couldn't chance waking him either to say goodbye. And that hurt too, but it would probably not hurt for long. He would stop her, possibly read her mind. He had done it before; just seemed to know what she was thinking. She turned a few minutes later, walked quietly across Amanda Bynes' plush carpet, eased open the door and stepped out into the hallway.
Lenox Avenue
She slipped from the shadows and ran along from building to building until she reached the end of the block. She had expected to hear gunshots behind her. Expected to find herself falling to the ground dead, a bullet in her back, but the bullet never came. They must have stayed asleep. 
They, were four guys who had come around a few days before. She had opened the door to her apartment. Stupid. If she could have gone back and undone it she would have, but she had been so scared. She had been so alone. The kid at the peephole had seemed so young. Scared himself. All she had done was open the door an inch or two, just slipped the chain, and the other three had slammed into it. The four of them had easily broken the chain and pushed past her into the apartment. She had given in. There had been no sense in fighting them. What could she do?
Since then she had been their toy. Passed from one to the other. Yesterday morning they had come back from someplace with a new girl. She had no idea where they had found her. Sometime late afternoon, before dinner, they had killed her.
Something had occurred. She hadn't been able to tell what. But she had heard the shot, and then they had brought her out from the bedroom and dumped her on the living room floor. Naked. A bullet hole in her head. And she had known it would not be long before it would be her turn to be dead. She had just known it. 
She had been cooking for them, a little grill out on the balcony. They went out and brought things back, canned stuff; she cooked it on the grill in a pot, and they ate it it like it was the finest gourmet food available anywhere. She had gone into the bathroom, opened the medicine chest and stared at the sleeping pills she had put there, until one of them, Randy, she thought his name was, had come and yelled through the bathroom door. She had taken the pills and dumped them into her pocket, flushed the toilet and went back out to the kitchen.
She had put all of them in the food. Mixed them right in with the canned spaghetti, and they had wolfed them right down. Never had a clue. Now they were all out. Maybe dead. There had been an awful lot of pills.
She had been with Bobby a few days before, when she had thought to get the pills. Bobby was nice, if there could be anything close to nice with these guys. He had looked her up and down and that had been that. She imagined he had probably never had a woman that looked like her in his entire life. Maybe never had a woman at all. It was clear he was an inexperienced lover. He had no idea what he was doing. He was rough, cruel even. Nice only meant he didn't beat her, he still used her as he pleased. 
He had taken her with him because the others had been out and he had not wanted to leave her alone in the apartment, guessing, correctly, that she would not be there when he came back. But, he had been bored, left alone, and he wanted to look through some of the shops and stores in the neighborhood.
It had been broad daylight, but there had been no one to stop him or any of the other gangs that roved the streets and did as they pleased. He had broken into a pawn shop. She had talked him into going into the medication aisle at the Korean store down the street. And she had picked up the sleeping pills. He had seen her do it. She had told him it was Midol, relief for period pain. She had picked up a box of Tampons too. He had turned red and had not asked her about them again. As a bonus, he had left her alone that night also, probably thinking that she had been indisposed. Fine. Whatever. It didn't matter any longer.
It was nearly dark by the time they had finally passed out. That had pissed her off. Pissed her off and scared her too. The dead were out here somewhere. The dark was their time.
They had died off when the planes had come over, but they were back now. Strong, or becoming strong. She wanted to get as far away as she could before the street was completely lost to the night. There were people down the street, two blocks or so down. She had seen them coming and going. Making sport of the zombies. Enticing them into chasing them and then killing them with head shots from the shotguns they carried; routing them out in the daylight and running them over with cars, shooting them as they roared by, racing the block from end to end in a souped up car they had gotten from somewhere. They had been out earlier. If she could get down the street, she was sure they would take her in. Positive.
She stopped at the end of the street, caught her breath leaning against the side of a pickup truck, and then took off once more at a fast walk.
She was halfway through the block when she realized someone was following her, and her heart sank like a stone. Bobby... Had to be. She stopped and peered back through the shadows and dark. The moonlight was bright but it was still not easy to see. She thought she saw movement at the corner of a building two buildings back. She screwed up her courage.
“Bobby... Bobby don't be sore... Don't...” She stopped and squinted into the gloom. Two people had come from around the edge of that house. Two, and neither of them looked anything like Bobby. Both were shuffling and lurching as they came. Her heart leapt high in her throat, seeming to clog her airway. A strangled squawk came from her open mouth. She swore under her breath and turned to run.
He caught her under the arms. He must have been standing right behind her all along, she realized.
“Hey... Hey, there's no...” She stopped in mid word and began to scream at the rotted face that angled down at her own face. His hands clawed at her throat, closing off her screams, and then his teeth found her and he began to tear and bite. A second later the others joined in, dragging her to the ground and then out into the road. They left her under the street lights, her blood pooling around her head.
The Docks
Donita walked along aimlessly. The smell of the river was heavy on the air, and she was following it. She was unsure what she had in mind. The tears continued as she walked. It wasn't fair, she continued to tell herself, but telling herself it wasn't fair didn't do anything for her situation. And here she was wandering around in the night where the dead ruled, like she wanted the exact opposite of what she had told Bear that she wanted. Like, instead of dying, she wanted to slip into forever alive like the zombies seemed to be. Like she was some sort of... Some sort of Zombie bait... Teasing them.
But there were no Zombies around, or if they were, she couldn't see them, hear them, feel them. She pressed her hand flat against her chest. The pain was worse. Much worse. And she wondered how much more she could take, how much more her body could handle. She stopped and drew several deep breaths, trying to ease the pain that seemed to close on her chest like a fist. 
When the pain eased a little, she started off down the street once more, heading toward the river.
March 11th
The Dead Girl In The Street: 
They came from the shadows, the smell of blood pulling them. The young man in the lead approached the girl's body where it lay on the pavement. They had watched it far into the darkness and now into the sunrise. But unlike some, it had not come back. He looked over at her now, her eyes dull marbles, her mouth wide as if frozen in a scream, curled on her side, one sneaker twenty feet away. The pink sock on that foot had a hole in the toe, and her toe peeked out, red polish glinting in the early light.
They had watched as the other dead, the slow ones, had gotten her last night. Not that they wouldn't have gotten her themselves. They had been following her too. But the others had gotten her first. They had chased them off before they could take her too far into death, to the place where she could not come back. But sometimes they didn't come back. No reason, no explanation. They just didn't.
He walked across the asphalt. The sunlight bothered his eyes, but he wore dark glasses to protect them. He walked up to the girl's corpse and toed it with one heavy work boot. She rocked stiffly.
“Done for,” he said. His voice was clear but distorted. Two in the small crowd behind him whined. He stepped back from the body. “Go ahead,” he said in a rasping whisper, “Go ahead.”
The small crowd of seven fell on the girl's body and began to feed on it where she lay in the road.
Bear
Bear awoke to the early morning light spilling into the bedroom. He turned to hold Donita, but she was gone, that side of the bed cold. He lay still for a few minuets, incredulous that he had not only fallen asleep in the midst of all of this, but shocked that he had slept through the night. It was a split second later that he launched himself from the bed. Nearly flying up, and landing neatly on the flats of his feet and running down the short hall to the living room in one smooth motion, propelled by fear.
It was crazy to think that there was anything wrong. He knew about her heart problem. She had told him it was fine. But the panic had already slipped into his brain and pinned his thoughts down. She had just talked to him yesterday. She had just made him promise yesterday that he would... He pushed it out of his head as he slid into the living room. Empty.
The strength fled from his body as he stared at the back of the door. His hand reached out and plucked the note from the door. The pushpin went flying. He read it slowly, and then read it again as the tears began to slide from his eyes.
The outskirts of the city
They stood in the shadows of the factory as the morning came on. The fires still burned in the distance. Fires were heat. Fires were bad. Fires frightened them all, and they wanted nothing to do with them. Several times they had been tempted to go out into the city and feed, but the fires had been too frightening. Too frightening even with the smell of so much fresh death on the wind. So tempting... So tempting, but the fire was fierce, a pain of its own. Heat was for those who lived the small life. For those who were dead, heat was an enemy. Pain. Corruption.
They stood and silently waited for a leader. A leader was promised. None of them knew where that leader would come from, when that leader would come, but they knew they would have one. They sniffed the air and waited. Some whining lightly, deep in their throats, other times growling, salivating in their own dry way, eyes running as they scented the air and waited.
Last Wishes
The morning moved on. He had finally gotten himself up from the floor and went and looked out over the city. His sadness and depression stole away as the sun rose, and was replaced with a steely resolve. She had asked him, made him promise, that he would bury her if anything happened to her. She had a fear of the Zombies getting to her, biting her, and turning her. She had made him promise. Promise. Like she had known. Like it was a real thing. And he had thought it was just fear talking, just things you said when you were afraid. Just in case things. Not real things.
He had known about her heart. He supposed, he admitted to himself now, that he had even known that she could die if she did not have the kind of treatment she needed. Could... He had known too that it was harder for her. He had thought immediately about her heart when she had talked to him, but he had not questioned her. Her eyes had said something to him. Something like, Ask me and I will tell you the truth. All you have to do is ask. And he had not wanted to talk about the truth, did not want to talk about the truth because the truth scared him too badly. So he had not asked. He had pretended he had never seen that permission in her eyes.
She had talked. She had talked about the things that scared her. She had been worried she would die in the night, turn, and then go after him. They had talked about it, but only briefly. He had shut the conversation down. He didn't want to believe it, and hearing it only forced him to believe it. He had been selfish. He had given in to his fear when he should have given in to her need to talk to him, tell him, and here he was. It was a real thing now. She would not have left if something had not made her leave. A real thing, he repeated to himself. He could see no other reason why she would have left.
The note had said next to nothing. Just, 'I'm Sorry... I love you.' At least it said that. At least. But why had she gone?
He took the stairs down to the lobby. The stairwell had been empty, but the lobby had not. The Zombies had long before crashed in through the door and taken over the lobby. He had eased open the door to find two of them laying in the shadows, sleeping, or whatever it was they did that passed for sleeping. He stepped quietly out of the stairwell, shoved a piece of broken board into the fire door opening to keep it from closing and locking him out, and then walked quietly to where the two lay.
They stank of death, rotted flesh, corruption. Their chests did not rise and fall. They did not move. Their eyes were partially slitted. It would be easy to believe that they really were dead and had been for some time. The gun was in his hand. He had flicked off the safety before he had stepped out into the lobby. He walked up to the first one, turned slightly to take in the second one. 
Whatever did not work, their hearing did. As soon as he shot the first one, the second would be up and on him. He looked from one to the other, lowered the gun and shot the first one in the head.
The second one screamed as he turned, a high piercing sound that distracted him for the briefest of seconds. She began to come up off the floor, her eyes wild, flaccid breasts swinging freely, flapping like sails, and he nearly let her get him. He became so distracted that she was very close to having him before he finally pulled the trigger and shot her.
The first shot took her in the chest and flung her back like a rag doll. But that was all it did. She was scrabbling back for him as Bear stepped into her path and pushed the pistol into her head, squeezing the trigger as he did. She flew back this time and didn't rise again. Rotted brains splattered across the wall behind her. She slid down the wall.
Bear stood for a second, his breaths coming in long, ragged pulls. He closed his eyes, slowed his breathing, then turned and went back to the stairwell. His concern was whether he should leave the door open or closed. Open and they might get in, closed and he would have to smash the handle set off himself when he got back so that he could get inside. And that made him wonder if he would be back. If he would find her, take care of her, and then make it back to here. He had no way to know.
A minuet later he kicked the board from the propped open door, and stepped back into the lobby. It closed with a solid steel clunk. If he came back, he would break in. Better that than leave it open for the dead, if he didn't make it back before nightfall, or if they came looking in the daylight. It was the only safe place he had. He walked across the lobby and stepped out onto the cracked city sidewalk. 
He walked a short distance north before he found a stalled delivery truck at the curb. The keys dangled from the switch. The shattered driver's side window and the blood smeared down the door told the story of what had happened to the driver. Scattered sheets, towels and uniforms had tumbled from the shelves and fallen into the aisle of the truck when the driver had driven it into the curb. But there were no dead lurking in the back of the truck.
The battery was flat. He pushed the truck a few hundred yards before he came to a long slow downgrade. He jumped in, put the truck in second gear, and then popped the clutch out a few seconds later. The motor roared to life. The transmission whined, the truck jerking and bucking, throwing him against the dashboard. A second later he downshifted into first and began to wind his way around the traffic that clogged the intersection at the bottom of the short hill. He began looking for her, convinced that he would find her, be lead to her somehow.
Out Of The City
Billy and Beth
Billy was up on the roof. Beth, Jamie, Winston and Scotty were standing at the edge of the building as he was, looking out over the city. Things were crazy, and they seemed to be getting worse as the days rolled by. 
The police precinct was still burning. It had started sometime during the night two days before, and since there was no one to put the fire out, it had been raging for hours now. A few minutes ago, the roof of the building next door to the precinct burst into flames. Maybe the fire had started inside, or the extreme heat had caused it to burst into flame, spontaneous combustion, but it was a strange thing to watch. It appeared as though it had simply burst into flames all on its own.
The animated conversation about whether it had been spontaneous combustion or a fire source from inside the other building that had simply burned through, had kept up for a few moments, and then they had all lapsed back into silence. Beth spoke now.
"Where would we go?" she asked.
"I think south," Scotty threw in.
"South or west," Jamie added.
"Makes no difference," Billy said.
Beth nodded. "What's the radio say?"
"It's bad everywhere. Different people, different days, all talking about the dead. Some talk about the living too, gangs, shit like that, but the big deal is the dead. Every major city...  Boston, Hartford, Providence, Scranton... there are more. Every day you hear more places, and that's bad. But then there are the ones that you don't hear from anymore, and that's even worse," Billy said.
"So how is south or west better?" Beth asked.
"Might not be better as far as the dead are concerned. It might not be, but it will be warmer. I mean, no problem now, but winter will come, and we had better be somewhere, with our supplies, settled in for it," Billy answered.
Beth nodded. "All of us?"
"A few others," Winston said. "Emma, down street. She has a baby. Don and Ginny across the street. They got a few friends too."
'Babies... I don't know about babies," Billy said. "Adults, okay. Children are bad enough, but babies? How do we take care of them?"
"Billy, should we leave them here to die?" Scotty asked.
"Fuck, Scotty. I didn't say that. Do we invite them along to get killed? I mean we're leaving the safety... Talking about leaving the safety of this building and going on the road."
Beth raised her hand. "Scotty misspoke, or you took it wrong. Can we agree on that?" Scotty turned away and then turned back and nodded. Billy nodded too. "Tomorrow... Tomorrow we scout it out. We need trucks... not a car. Something that can get us over the bad spots. And, we'll have to see how far we have to go before we can hope to drive. We sure as hell can't drive here." She shrugged.
“Tomorrow," Billy agreed.
"Yeah," Scotty added.
Beth turned and looked back over the city, watching the building next to the precinct burn.
March 11th: Watertown: Evening
Mike and Candace
The moon was high in the sky. Mike leaned up against the rock face of the cliffs, sitting on a small pile of pallets. He and Candace were a few hundred yards down from the entrance into the cave. Mike had watch. Candace had come with him.
With Candace had come four others. Bob, his wife Janet, and Lydia and Tom. Mike got the idea that Tom had felt he owned Candace, or he had found her first so she was his. Something like that. If so, he was probably surprised that she was with Mike now. Mike found himself constantly surprised by it.
"Penny for your thoughts," Mike asked Candace. She seemed so quiet.
She laughed. "You don't have a penny."
Mike dug into his pocket. "Huh," he said as he pulled out a penny. "Last one."
Candace took it, looked it over, and then slipped it into her own pocket. "Leaving, " she said. "My mind is on leaving." She saw his smile falter as she finished and quickly amended her statement. "Not without you. I mean us leaving. We can't stay here, Mike.”
Mike nodded. "Bob and Jan's plan of living in the middle of nowhere?"
"Well, it's not so bad. But I don't know if I want to live like a," she screwed her face up.
"A native?"
"I don't mean I wouldn't. I mean, we're living in a cave, for Christ's sake. A Tee Pee would almost have to be an improvement, wouldn't it?"
Mike shrugged. "Maybe." He fell quiet himself.

"Anyway, I didn't mean to make you worry. I guess we have some time. But before summer is too far along. Once winter is done?" Candace asked.
Mike nodded. "South or west, then we won't have to worry about freezing to death in the winter."
Candace shrugged. "Depends if the climate is still the same. Everything is so changed."
Silence held for awhile. The moonlight was bright.
"Hold me, Michael," Candace said.
He pulled her close and held her as the moon traveled slowly across the sky.
Donita: The Lady In Waiting
She opened her eyes. The moon was high in the sky. A silver, blue-tinged orb. A glow rose up to meet it, brighter than the moonlight. She lay quietly and watched it for some time, content to watch it move slowly across the sky - at least for the time being. 
It occurred to her, after some time, that the man who had shot her - she recalled that now, lying here in the quiet night; one of the men had shot her when they were through with her... after they had raped her... he had bent over her and shot her... - but, the man that shot her must have done a bad job of it. Must have missed her completely, or skinned her, as they used to say when they were kids. Or a flesh wound. She had heard that used in countless movies on television.
“Bobby! .. Bobby, are you shot bad? Are you?”
“Naw, Bill. Naw. It's only a flesh wound. A flesh wound is all.”
Who hadn't heard that in a movie before, she asked herself. And she had grown up in the projects. She had seen people get shot and live through it, even get shot in the head and live through it. And she had not been shot in the head, she remembered that.
She tensed for the pain and then sat up all at once. No pain. None at all. The moonlight was bright, but at the street level she was laying in shadows. She gazed down at her chest. Her shirt was plastered to her chest with dried blood. It baffled her. She wondered if she could make it back to the apartment and Bear. Maybe... Maybe...
It baffled her because it seemed to be a great deal of blood, yet there was no pain. It baffled her because the blood was dry, and no way could the blood be dry. Why... why the man had just shot her a few minuets ago. She had left the apartment and... 
She couldn't make it all come back. She had gone so that she would not chance coming back and attacking Bear. It had seemed a crazy thought, but the longer she had thought of it, the less crazy it had seemed. The more it seemed to make sense to her.
They had come at her down by the river, three blocks... four blocks from the apartment. Surely it had been no more than that. Her heart had begun to skip and beat irregularly. She had hoped she could make the river. She thought if she could throw herself in, it might work. But it was clear she wasn't going to make it. She had stumbled into an alley, slumped against the wall, pulled the pistol Bear had gotten for her from her pocket, and slipped the barrel into her mouth.
The taste of the steel, and the coldness of the barrel had made her gag, and that had been her mistake. She had not seen them when she stumbled into the alley. As soon as the gun left her mouth, one of them, the same one who had ended up shooting her - shooting her with her own gun as a matter of fact - had stepped from the shadows and snatched the gun from her hands. The others had surged forward then. They had dragged her deeper into the shadows and taken her.
She stared up at the full bloated moon hanging directly overhead. Except it had been early evening, and now it was not early evening. The moon did not hang in the middle of the sky during the early evening. She touched her chest, felt across the swell of her breast and found the bullet hole. 
A big bullet hole. A scary bullet hole. She tried to suck in a deep breath and panicked when she realized she couldn't draw the breath. Not being able to breath was not possible. People could not live if they could not breath. The panic rose fast and hot, bright in her thoughts.
The hole was crusted with blood, but sticky wet towards the center. And she probed it even in her panic. Maybe despite her panic. Her baby finger slid right in up to the second joint. Her breath still wouldn't come. She pulled harder. Harder. No good.
She struggled to her feet, still no pain... still no breath. She staggered off down the street. Weaving, she saw. Not surprising I'm dying. I'm dying because I can't breath. I...
She stopped in the middle of the street. She was dead... dead or dreaming. That was all that made sense. Nothing else did.
She had lain on the ground for... She looked down at her wrist, 9:29 pm. It meant nothing at all to her. Watches really couldn't keep time anymore. They could only record passing time if you had a point of reference, and she hadn't thought to look at her wrist when the whole thing had started. So she did not know how long she had lain there gazing up at the stars, and it didn't matter. The last time she had looked at it, it had read sometime just past midnight. She had been on the balcony, looking out at the city. Over twenty hours had passed then, and how could that be? And did it matter? 
The thing that mattered was that she had lain there awake, gazing up at the moon, and she had felt no pain, same as she felt no pain now. She had lain there gazing up at the moon, and she had not been breathing, same as she wasn't breathing now. And it had been a long time. A long time she had lain there. A long time she had not be able to breath, had not drawn air. She was not dying at all. She was dead already.
She let the panic bleed away. A dream or really dead, she decided. 
Pinch yourself and wake up. 
She didn't wait. She took a piece of the flesh on her side and pinched. Nothing. No pain. No waking in pain. Nothing. She did it again, pinching harder. Nothing at all. She looked down at the flesh between her fingers, smashed flat. It should hurt, and it did not hurt. She let go, smoothed her shirt, her blood-encrusted-shirt her mind added, and then looked off down the street. The street was in shadow. She began to walk.
At first her vision was blurred, but as she walked on, it had changed. Her eyes had changed. The world seemed to jump suddenly into sharp focus once more.
She had stopped, her knees buckling at the sudden urge to reverse and run away. She had actually taken two scrambling steps backward before she realized she could not run away from this... this change, she decided to term it.
She made her way to the water, and she had seen herself reflected back from the water of the harbor. Her hair was a ruined mass of black. Stringy, tangled, plastered to her head like a helmet in places. But it was her eyes that had caused her to stare the longest. They were cloudy marbles in the moonlight.
She had seen those eyes reflected back from the water of the harbor. She had gone for the water because you had to have water to survive, every living thing did. She had not yet accepted that she was no longer a living thing.
The moonlight reflected off the trash strewn water. A drowned cat floated by and transfixed her. She had been torn between vomiting and reaching into the water and retrieving the cat... bringing it to her mouth... tasting it. But the moment had passed, and she had shaken herself... come back to herself. And that was when she had seen her eyes reflected in the harbor water.
She was only hours dead, and it all came back. They had shot her. They had.... But she had run from the group of men after they had shot her. They had laughed and let her go, and so she had run. 
The pain in her chest had been worse than it had ever been,  and she had run right into the arms of someone else... some thing else. She never saw him... her... whatever it had been. Its teeth had found her neck. The blood had spurted, and she had spiraled down into darkness, the pain no more.
She bent to bring the water in her cupped hands to her dry, cracked lips, and she had seen her eyes. Dull, colorless marbles in her head. Barely reflecting light at all. And she had known... known she was dead. Not that all of the other things had not already told her, but that her mind had finally clicked over, taken the information it had shoved to the corners of her cloudy thoughts and thrown it out into the conscious.
She had shaken it off. Scooped the water to her mouth, swallowed and then gagged, vomiting the water back up. Her body would not accept it. She had stood from the water, shaky, unsure of anything.
There was smoke in the air. She could see it, and it frightened her. Suddenly frightened her. She looked down at the water, shiny, black, and then something jumped into her mind. A word... South... South... And it made sense. It made sense of the fear of fire. It made sense of not being able to breath. It made sense of the hole in her chest. It explained nothing, yet it made perfect sense.
She turned in the street. She did not know north from south. For a second that seemed to matter, but as another second slipped by, it stopped mattering at all. She stood for a second longer and then walked off into the shadows of the street.
Leaving
Billy
Billy Sat in the drivers seat of the new Lexus. It sat off the ground like most SUVs. He would have preferred an actual truck, any kind of truck, but they had taken vehicles they could find that would start. 
They had not sought out anyone, or gone looking for others to come with them, yet they had ended up with more than twenty people, five vehicles lead by the Lexus: two mini vans, two pickup trucks and a bread truck. They had avoided the cars they had found, concerned that cars would not be able to drive around the stalled and abandoned vehicles, bump over the bodies that littered the streets. The pickup trucks were heavy duty public works trucks. They seemed well suited for the purpose they were about to put them to.
Billy dropped the shift lever into drive and lead the way down the street. He laughed when he caught himself flipping on the turn signal at the corner, slowing and looking both ways, most especially since he had to drive up onto the sidewalk to get to the corner. Jamie laughed too. In a second Beth and Winston, who were riding in the back, joined in. It was a release.
Billy made the corner, and the strange caravan followed. The sounds of laughter floated back into the empty streets.
March 13th
Donita 
She came awake in the dark, sat up, and stared into the darkness. The old factory was still, quiet, but she knew something had pulled her from her sleep.
Her body had been reduced to skin and bone. The skin had stretched tight, illuminating the bones beneath it, causing ridges and valleys where she had never seen any.
Her skin had peeled away from her face in a few places, and the bone showed through yellow-white, gleaming in the moonlight. Her face was framed by her black hair. It had come back, thicker, changed, but back. It made her wonder what else might change too.
She wandered slowly from the old factory and focused on the moon above, the moon that had never meant much of anything to the old Donita. Now it talked to her, pulled something inside of her - spoke to her very being.
She stood quietly and scented the air. People had been here. Something else, traveling by, had wondered about her but decided against tasting her, warned by some instinct. 
The people worried her the most. She could tell from the scent that they had lingered, and they would be back. If she stayed, she would have to deal with them if they came back again.
She looked up at the buildings. Some city, she did not know where it was or what it's name was, only that it was south, and south was where she was headed still, New York far behind her.
She looked off at the other buildings. The hunger drove her. She needed to feed, but she needed more. It occurred to her that she needed more of her own kind. They were out there. They were out there waiting for someone to lead them. Maybe that someone was her. She had no idea where that thought came from, but she trusted in it. She looked up and down the street once more, scented the air and then moved off toward the river.
CHAPTER THREE
Harlem 
March 15th
"What I care about is how it goes," Madison said. "Things are goddamn crazy..." She leaned forward and lowered her voice. "Cammy, these guys intend to run things here... Right here!"
"Never happen," Cammy said. Her eyes slid past Madison and  found Dollar where he stood with the curtains barely opened, looking out into the street, one gun stuffed into the back of his jeans, the other out and in his hand where he flicked the safety on and off, on and off as he peeked through the curtains at every new gunshot. There had been running gunfights most of the day. He was crazy, and getting crazier as the time rolled by. 
"I know. Which is why we need to go. When it fails, they'll come here and kill all of us," she whispered.
Dollar's head suddenly appeared over Cammy's shoulder. "And what are you bitches whispering about?" His eyes were wild. He had access to as much cocain as he wanted, and he had been shoveling it in for the last few days, unsure of how much he wanted, how much his body could handle, where to draw the line, or even if there was a line he should draw. He scared the hell out of Madison, and it took a lot to scare Madison.
"Shit women talk about," Madison spat. She pushed Cammy away, got up and got right in Dollar's face. "We need shit, and I already told you, I'm going to get it."
"Go and I'll shoot you dead," Dollar said. He waved the gun in her face.
"You know what, I don't think you will," Madison bluffed. "And, anyway, we're not leaving, we're just going to get some things... lady things... then we'll be back. You really gonna kill me over some shit like that?"
"What things?"
"Tampons."
"Oh, Jesus," Dollar said.
Madison laughed.
"I don't want to hear that shit. That's woman’s shit. I don't want to hear it at all."
"Yeah, dipshit. I tried to tell you that, but you wouldn't let us go, and now it's critical... Crit-it-cal! So unless you want us bleeding all over the place." She was still in his face, inches away.
"Dollar stared at her. "I can't fucking believe you said that. That's... that's way too much information." He spun quickly toward the front windows as the crash of nearby gunfire broke the silence of the street. "You go out there, you'll get killed."
"Yeah, well, we'll go the back way. Either way, we're going," Madison said. Her hand moved fast, fished the pistol that was jammed into the back of his pants - behind the belt - out, and then stepped back away before Dollar realized what had happened and spun around.
"And I said..." Dollar started as he turned around. "Wow." He froze and stared at the gun that had appeared in Madison's hand like so much magic. "Now why did you take my gun?" he asked. His empty hand felt along the back of his jeans where he was sure the gun had come from. He stuffed the gun in his hand into the waistband of his jeans, this time in front. Madison laughed.
"That is not the question you should be asking," Madison said.
"No? Then what is the question I should be asking, bitch?" Dollar asked. He began to walk towards her. "I bet you ain't got no period either... neither of you. Just said that to keep me away, I bet."
Madison laughed. "Well, you're right. But that isn't where we were in this conversation. Where we were was the question. You..." She pulled the slide back on the Automatic, chambering a round. "...should..." Her thumb swept downward and  clicked the safety off,  "...be asking me the question, and you're not."
Dollar stopped in his tracks. "Don't fuck around, girl. That ain't no toy."
"The question, you dumb fuck! The question," Madison screamed. She pushed the pistol into his face.
"Okay! Okay! The fucking question... The fucking question..." Dollar shrank back but bumped into the wall and stopped. "I don't know the question. I don't know it."
"Will she do it?" Madison said. "Will the crazy bitch shoot me?"
Dollar's eyes squinted. Madison waved the gun up and down. His hand darted for his own gun where he had stuffed it into the front waistband of his jeans.
"Yes she will," Madison yelled as she fired. Dollar was falling before she finished yelling her answer. A second later, as Dollar gasped for air, laying on his side, his knees drawn up, a sucking sound coming from the hole in his chest, Madison reached down, caught Cammy's hand, and they both fled toward the back of the apartment, and the door that lead into the alleyway.
Watertown New York
Mike's Journal
It’s been a very long day in more ways than one. We are five now. Lydia is gone. It’s crazy but true. Tom is in bad shape, sitting by the fire, reading Lydia’s diary.
We buried her today in Huntingtonville, a little place outside of the city. There’s a cemetery there right by the river. Tom's parents are buried there. Now Lydia is too. It took a lot of work; the ground is still frozen a few feet down. It could’ve been worse. If everything wasn’t melting, we would’ve had a much harder time digging the hole. Tom couldn’t bring himself to do it. Bob and I did it.
To make the explanation short, we were ambushed. I shouldn’t say we. I wasn’t even there. Neither was Jan. We were left behind to watch the cave. 
It started in the night; these kids came and stole one of our trucks. We didn’t know they were kids, of course. It turned into a mess. Three kids are dead, young kids. What a waste. We don’t even know why they did it, why they chose to shoot at the others, none of it.
Everyone is messed up - me, Jan too, because we weren’t there. But it’s over. This part’s over, but really it’s not over at all. I don’t know what’s next. None of us do. The day has already lasted fifteen hours so far. The sun doesn’t seem to be moving at all. We don’t know what to make of it. Everyone just wants to get past this day, for it to be over.
Donita and the boy
She had made the boy a few days before. She had been heading out of another city when she had found him and his mother. The mother had given in with no fight. Donita had considered her for her army but then rejected her. Perhaps if she had fought, maybe. But it seemed to not be a part of who she was. And Donita could not take the chance that she would evolve into a non fighter. It was not something she needed.
The boy's changing was slow, but it was happening She had thought about it before she had done it. The young would be useful. The willing... The powerful... But, there was no way to convince them to this side, and so it would have to be the young at first. They were more easily subdued. They could grow into it. They would still change, still become powerful. But they would be much easier for her to control while they did.
Once she had more than the boy, she would have help. No longer would it be only her. She could see the way it would be, not the way her old self saw, but this new way, this new way of knowing that had nothing to do with any thing inside of her. Nevertheless it was solid, real. She could, and did, trust the knowledge that came to her. She would have her army. It would only take time.
Watertown New York: March 17th (Late)
Candace's Diary
I know Mike has written tonight, much earlier, so I won’t go over the same things that I assume he wrote. It’s been a nasty couple of days, and we don’t know if the bad things are over or not. We have new people with us. I really like Patty. I can talk to her, and it’s been awhile, even back in the world, since I’ve been close to another woman like that. Relationships seem to form fast now. It’s just the way of the new world. We’re just taking life as it comes, at face value I guess. There are no directions for us.
Patty, her man and her brother have decided to stay. They also decided they’ll leave when Mike and I do. They don’t want to face a North Country winter in a cave. We are not cave people and don’t want to be. But we talked about that too; we may end up in some other cave. It could be the quakes have caused devastation everywhere. If so, where else would it be safe? We talked a lot. We talked ourselves out. There’s always tomorrow to talk some more.
Bear: 
Bear was curled up on the carpet, Amanda Bynes' carpet, where he had been for hours. Whatever had gone wrong with the world had gotten worse.
It had started yesterday with wind that was like a hurricane. It had blown into the city, and the rain had not been far behind it. Heavy rain, torrential rain. He had been in Mobile Alabama one year, waiting on a train to go back to New york. A hurricane was closing in. It had hit the city a glancing blow, and it had seemed the same as this. Heavy rain, the wind so hard it seemed to roar.
Then the lightening had come, and the thunder. Huge bolts. Deafening. Then there was a bad earthquake. The entire building shook, and he was convinced it would go down, believed it had to. How could it stand through that? But it had.
He had begun to get sick shortly after that, vomiting until there was nothing left, and still his stomach had not been satisfied. He still dry heaved for hours, it seemed. 
The night went on and on, seemed to last forever. It was like the sun just decided not to rise the next day. Or the next day never came. He didn't know which, anymore than he knew what day it really was now.
There was sunlight. Sparse, barely there, but he could see through the sliding glass doors to the balcony. It seemed to be covered with dirty snow. Mounds of it. He closed his eyes, squeezed them tightly, and rolled up into a sitting position. His stomach threatened again, but he waited it out. Once he felt he could walk, he got to his feet, walked to the glass doors and slid them open.
The entire world was gray. Ash was falling, blocking out the sunlight. The sun was like a silver disc, barely seen, riding the horizon. As he watched, the ash began to drift in onto the carpet. He closed the door and stood staring.
His stomach had calmed down. Whatever had been the cause of that, he was grateful it was easing. He didn't feel like putting anything in it, in fact the thought alone brought back the queasiness, but left alone it seemed as though it would be fine.
The day went on. The sun seemed to slide across the horizon rather than actually rise. The rains came back hard and the winds with them. In no time the ash was washed away and the city was back, clean, fresh looking, no dead to be seen in the driving rain. Apparently they didn't like the rain either.
Although he was positive he could not sleep, he drifted into sleep later on that day, lying on Amanda Bynes' carpet, watching the rain fall in sheets and wash across the glass.
Watertown New York: March 19th
Candace's Diary
If there was any doubt in anyone’s mind who is leading us, there isn’t now. Mike does it so easily. I sometimes think he doesn't realize how much faith people put in him. 
Tom surprised everyone tonight; he’s with us now. Bob, Janet and Sandy are not. They have an idea of reestablishing the Native Nation, going back to the land. It has its appeal, and it’s clear to see they are not just talking about it. They, Bob and Janet at least, have thought it out. Janet told me later on that Bob has a place in mind. He has had that place in mind for years. Years… That is how well planned it is in his mind, how serious he is about it. Never say never, but I can’t see myself there. 
Mike said he doesn’t want his T.V. Back. Me either, maybe, but was it all bad? No. When he said that, I thought of an old song, Dire Straits, with a line “I want my M.T.V.” don’t ask me why that popped into my head, but it did. Must be the musician in me. My point is, it wasn’t all bad. It wasn’t. Why throw it all away? Why not get rid of the bad stuff and save the rest? 
Mike said to me later, when we were alone, that he thinks that’s what Bob really wants to do, get rid of the bad stuff and keep the good stuff, and if he does really want to do that then Mike is for it. And, really, so would I be.
So, we will leave April first, Bob with us, and we may split or stay together at some point after that.
Ronnie made a point which I thought was a good one. It could  be a draw on us as a people, as Bob takes some away from us. I mean, they make it sound so good, who wouldn’t want to go? Ronnie made that point later when it was just he and Patty and Mike and me. During the conversation we all had, he skated up to the same statement, but Bob didn’t like it right out there bald like it was.
Paradise? Living off the land? Living as one with Nature? Mother Nature? Doesn’t it sound good? Living in harmony with God? Almost as if it will not be work at all. No one shouting at you… Anyway, Mike made a good point too. If we go towards a way of life more like the old world, technology, we would not be attracting the same people anyway. So, what will we have lost traveling together? Maybe people we would eventually have lost anyway, and it will definitely be safer to travel together. When, and if, the split happens, we can worry about or deal with it then.
April first… If there is no snow… If it’s safe. We still have to decide where we are going, but there is time.
Donita: March 26th
The hunger was terrible, all consuming, and it came in crashing waves. The impulse to feed seemed to be the only coherent thought she had. It was hard to think around, hard to think past. There were more things changing in her, and she did not understand them all.

A few weeks ago she had been... Been? But it did no good. She could not force the memory to come. A name came, Donita... she had been Donita; she knew that, but that was all she knew. And a name was not everything she had been. She had been something else... something more, but she could not get to whatever it was that she had been. Something that did not wander through the woods. Something that was not driven by all consuming passions that she could not understand. 

She turned her eyes up to the moon. It pulled at her. Something in it spoke directly to something inside of her, something deep, something she believed had always been there, but there had never been a need to address because it lived under the surface... out of her line of thought, sight... below her emotions. Now it didn't. Now it ruled everything. It was all she could do not to rush from the trees, find the smell that tempted her and consume it, eat it completely... leave nothing at all. Oh to do it... to do it...

Her eyes snapped back from the moon, and a low whine escaped her throat. Behind her, the boy made a strangled noise in his throat. She turned, gnashed her teeth and growled. The thin, skeletal boy fell back, hungry but frightened. She could feel his fear. It fed her, tempted her to taste him, but he was no food for her. She knew that much. It was a sort of instinct... drive... something inside of her. The boy was not her food. The boy was not her sustenance. He was one of her own. Corrupted. And corrupted flesh could not feed and sustain itself on corrupted flesh. Fresh flesh was needed, live flesh. Fresh human flesh, she corrected. Whatever this change she was going through was, it scattered her thoughts. It left her confused more than it did not.

The boy trembled and grinned sickly, his one good eye rolling in his head. The other eye was a ruined mass of gray pulp sagging from the socket. A great flap of skin below that socket had curled and dried, hanging from the cheek. He felt at it now carefully with his shrunken fingers. She hissed at him, and his hands fell away. 

She desired human flesh. She needed it, but it didn't absolutely have to be that way. 

Two nights ago it had been a rabbit. The night before that she and the boy had shared a rat. The night before that they had come upon an old woman. 

The old woman had been good. They had brought her back here, and her bones lay here still, in the weeds at the edge of the clearing behind them. She turned and gazed back past the boy into their makeshift campsite. Searching for what was left of the old woman, finding her bones where they lay at the edge of the clearing they had made. She turned back to the moon, watched it as it slid across the sky for a few moments longer, then she stood, and the boy followed her into the field. There was a town not far away. She could smell it. They would have to be careful on the way. There were others around. They fell into an easy lope, something these bodies seemed well suited to, and headed to the village to hunt.

She led the boy and herself into the small town. The town was empty, at least of people. She and the boy hunted rats for an hour or two. The rats had done well for themselves. Fat, sleek and gray, the size of a small dog. They had gorged themselves. The night made her feel alive, strong, whole. The boy followed, and they hunted, killed for the sake of killing, but it was good for the boy. 

When morning came, there was not a stray cat, dog or rat left alive in the small village, and she was crazy with blood. They left the village, found an abandoned factory on the outskirts and made their way into the dark depths as the sun began to rise. 

Building The Army

She awoke before full dark. One second gone, the next twilight had released her and all of her senses were fully on. It was no longer like human senses. She couldn't truly remember any longer when she had been a breather, for how long, what she had done with her days and nights... but she regretted it. She wished she had always been numbered among the superior. 

She thought of it that way, the Superior Race. Because these senses, they were completely there. There was no fogginess from the sleep. None. She was alert and ready. In every way, the being she was now was far superior to the being she had been. Even though she could no longer precisely recall the being she had been, she knew it was true.

She reached over, touched the boy and he was instantly out of twilight. Together they crawled from under the machinery and out onto the factory floor.
Her eyes brought her the scent of people. Without a sound or discussion, she and the boy moved across the factory floor and out into the bright moonlight.
The smell of a wood fire was on the air, but the fire itself was out, nothing but a low, red glow some forty yards past the factory parking lot, still choked with long dead cars and trucks. They made their way quietly. 
There were four sleeping close to the fire. One of them was old, useless to her. Two were young, and one was dangerous. Female. She slept with both hands around a rifle that rested between her knees, the barrel nestled along side her face. 
Donita looked at the woman for a long time. She would like to keep her. She was strong; she could be such an asset,  but she knew it was not to be. She stared for a few seconds longer, the boy behind her waiting. 
She knelt beside the sleeping woman. The smell of her coming death was already a stink upon her, billowing out of her lungs and filling up the night air. Her soul knew. Her soul knew and could do nothing at all about it.
Donita reached forward slowly. One hand wrapped tightly around the top of the barrel, the other, index finger extended, found the trigger. She paused a second longer, hands in place, then in one smooth move, she jerked the rifle down, jammed it under the woman’s chin and squeezed the trigger. The top of the woman's head flew apart before her eyes were fully open. The live wire rigidness that had come into her body in that split second of time now drained away, and she sagged back to the ground, one last breath rushing from her lungs in a low moan. The children began to scream.
~
The moon moved slowly across the sky. Donita sat watching the children as they lay dead before her. Soon the power would come over them, and they would rise from death into the world of the Walkers, her world.
The boy sat waiting beside her. They had finished the woman and then the old woman. Neither would rise again.
The boy was a good soldier. The two before her, twin girls by the look, or so close to twins as for it not to matter, should be good choices too. Strong, intact. Their bodies would turn faster, as the boy's was already doing. Her own body had taken much longer, much longer before the rotting flesh had begun to change to something else, something, not exactly living tissue, but that was nourished by dead tissue. This new flesh was stronger, more resilient, self healing. Probably other things that she had not yet figured out.
The boys flesh already seemed to have made some of that change. He was completely devoted to her, unquestioning. That is what she wanted. The girls would be also. She knew that instinctively. She could smell it on them. They were meant to leave that world for this world. It was a gift really. It was so unnecessary to have to go through all the pleading and begging in the leaving of that life, she thought. This one was so much better. This one did not have an absolute end. This one could be forever. And forever could not even be measured.
April 1st A small willing army
The twins awakened from the little death just as the moon had reached the middle of the black sky. She turned her attention to them. The twins were hers... for her...
The silvery light was bright, almost daylight in its intensity. The twins did not fight the changes as she had thought they might. Their eyelids fluttered almost in unison. Black liquid eyes shone out and took in their surroundings and each other. They looked around at the darkness making not a sound and then lifted their black eyes to the moon above. When they looked back down they gazed at her frankly. Seeming to accept their fate, looking to her to guide them, their eyes large,  reflecting the cold, silvery moonlight. And she realized they were not the same. One was slightly taller, a streak of silver-white in her hair falling across her forehead. She swept it aside.
Donita rose from her crouch and set off into the night at a fast walk. The twins fell in behind her, the boy bought up the rear. The twins walked obediently, quietly looking around at the trees and the woods with their newborn eyes as they followed. They reached out and linked hands as they walked, drawing closer to one another.
She led them out of the scrub and into the deep woods. The tall trees marching away in even rows. Absolute silence fell as they walked. The predators recognized them and left them alone. A small rabbit stopped, sniffed the air, and began to shake with its fear, frozen in the path of the walkers. Donita skirted it, but stopped and turned to see what the twins would do. The twins stopped when Donita stopped and looked down at the rabbit frozen on the pathway.
They moved forward slowly, unlinked their hands and squatted beside the trembling rabbit. The shorter one reached out one hand and began to stroke the soft fur of the rabbit. The other, with the streak of silver-white hair still fallen across her forehead, dangled her own hands between her thighs and watched, but she made no move to pet the rabbit or stop the other from doing so. The silence seemed to deepen. The time to crawl. The rabbit seemed to tremble less, leaning into the girls hand as she stroked the fur.
Donita almost didn't catch the movement. It was so fast. The other girl's hands flew from between her thighs and in one movement  closed around the rabbit's throat, pulled it into the air and then flipped it backwards with a fast snap, breaking its neck. She threw the bundle of fur back to the ground at the other girl's feet. The rabbit's feet kicked hard once... twice.. and then stopped. A thin trickle of blood flowed from one side of its pink nose. The smaller girl cocked her head to one side, raised her eyes to look at her sister briefly, then looked back down at the rabbit where it lay on the ground by her feet. She extended one hand, touched the blood that ran from the rabbit's nose and then brought that finger to her blue tinged lips to taste it.
Her eyes closed, and her body began to shake. Her twin leaned forward and rested one hand on her shoulder, a barely audible whisper coming from her lips. Words spoken strongly, but there was no air in her lungs to move across her vocal chords.
 I love you, floated on  the dark forest air.
Her eyes opened and locked with her sister's. The red smear of blood on her blue-tinged lips seemed astonishingly bright in the moonlight. She looked down at the rabbit once more and then stood from her crouch, took her sisters hand and turned back to Donita. Donita held her eyes with her own for a moment and then turned and began once more to make her way through the rows of tall trees, the three children following quietly behind.
On The Road From Watertown
They had left Watertown before April 1st. Mike, Candace, Bob, Janet, Patty and Ronnie, and several more that had joined with them in Watertown.
They had fled before an onslaught from the living. Gangs that sought to take over what was left of the small northern city. They had all sat down together and decided what to do, and as a group, they had decided after two days of being caught in the middle of the fighting between the North side of the city and the South side, that it was not their war. They were simply in the middle of the two groups that wanted to take over the small city. It was better to leave before it became personal and they were forced into it. They had taken in more survivors before they had left, and then gathered more on the road. They were a sizable force in their own right, growing as they traveled across the country.
What little evidence there was of the dead, most of them refused to believe in. They had heard the stories on the radio, they found evidence of the dead as they traveled, but they had still not encountered the dead directly, and so refused to believe.
They had stopped to modify the trucks they had taken in Watertown to better deal with the conditions of the roads, and then continued on looking for Bob's ideal location for the new Nation he so believed in, driving across what was left of Pennsylvania and then turning south, down into Tennessee and Kentucky.
As they had traveled, a funny thing had happened, the rest of them had become interested in Bob's idea of a New Nation, and then become invested in it. It made sense. The outside world was falling apart faster and faster, the evidence was right in front of them. A safe place seemed like heaven to all of them.
By April first they had reached a small park in Kentucky where Bob believed he could find his way deeper into the forever wild lands beyond the borders of the old park, using centuries old logging trails. But they had been followed by some of the same people that had caused them to flee back in Watertown, and the show down had come, even though they had tried to avoid it.
The gun battle had lasted through the night, and they had destroyed the group that had followed and tried to enslave them. They had taken in some of the other group's captives too, people they had enslaved earlier. In the morning they had counted up the dead and missing on both sides, and Mike had sent most of the others down the trail to find the new Nation Bob believed was there. Mike and several of the others had stayed behind to take care of their own dead and to finish collecting the things they needed. They had vowed to catch up to them on the trail, or to find their way back in to where they settled as soon as they could.
In Watertown, they had not had to deal with the dead. They had not known about the dead until they had found themselves confronted with the reality of the dead rising to life, on the road. Even then, some were not convinced. They had not actually seen the dead, only nests where they had been, and so they could not believe in something they had not actually seen.
They still did not find the living dead in the light of this day, but the results were before them. As they looked for their dead, and the ones they believed should be there from the attackers, they could not find them. They were gone.
They searched long into the morning, but eventually, Mike called it quits. The few bodies they found, those that had been shot in the head, by design or accident, where found and buried. Mike felt they could do little else. They left the small campground and struck out in search of the remaining supplies they needed, before they too would start down the trail on their way into the heart of the wilderness and the new Nation Bob believed would be founded there.
April 2nd 
Donita
She was moving town to town. It was so easy with more help. The boy was far stronger than any human man, and the twins more than capable of taking down a full grown man. They seemed so fragile, so defenseless, innocent. She sent them forward, and they easily took breathers with nearly no fight. 
They were thirty now, and there were a half dozen laying on the ground who would be coming up out of twilight any minute. Killers. Or they had been in the old world. Being dead took the killer out of you, at least at first it did. But then it came back. You forgot all the little things of the old life. You nearly forgot your name. Where you had lived, what you had done. And then it changed. Every day you got a little more back. It wasn't exactly a memory, like a memory would be in the old days, like a breather would have. It was more like found knowledge. Not there one second, and then there the next. But it was clearer than the old memories she had had.
Donita didn't question whether that found knowledge was true or not. It didn't matter, just like it wouldn't matter to these. What would matter to these was getting through the first little bit of time, that time where heat still seemed like the only possible source of life, and you struggled to find it, only to realize it did nothing at all for you any longer. In fact, it could kill you.
Then the cold came upon you, found you, along with its understanding, and you were fine. You began to understand that life was just a short stop on the way to dead, and that dead was just a way station to walking. And walking could be forever. Walking was not something as trifling as life. But that took time, and these killers would be nothing more than babies for a few nights.
There was a process. She had gone through it, and the others had gone through it. She supposed any walker had gone through it. Everything that had to do with life, heat, that world, had to come out of you... sick it up... shit it out. It had to go. It had to go because it had nothing to do with walking. Nothing at all.
A walker used what it took in. There was no waste. So there was no need for a system to dispose of that waste. A walker did not heal in the same way that a breather did. There was no need for time to heal. You couldn't predict it. You weren't even precisely injured. You could lose a finger, or a leg, while you were turning, and that was that. It was lost. But you could lose one after, and it was back in a short time, or most of it. She had not lost a leg, but she had lost a few fingers. One of the twins had lost an ear a few nights before. It was back. Those things could be. But they did not depend on any kind of healing like a walker. No.
These were killers. For a few days they would be babies. Then for a few days they would get used to the gift they had been given. Then they would be killers again. They would be because that is what they were, and you could not change the basic truths of what you were, whether you were a breather, a walker or even dead.
The turnings were coming faster. Where once seven would pass in to death and maybe one would rise to a walker, now seven passed into death and five came to be walkers. Soon it would be seven for seven. She knew that. And soon after that, the whole world would belong to the walkers. The breathers would be done.
She let her silvered eyes pass along the bodies that lay stretched out on the ground.
She was not weak. There was a strength that came with being a walker, a strength that came to your whole body once you embraced cold. They had moved silently into the woods and taken these without a sound. They had carried them here. It had been no expenditure of energy at all.
Killers, except one. One had not been a killer at all. But that one might not come back. If he did, she would have to watch him anyway, and she really didn't want to do that. She would leave him to the twins to teach. He would learn their ways, or he would learn that even in UN-Death there could be death. Permanent death.
She looked him over. The night was getting along. They would come from twilight soon.
In Search Of The Nation
Lillie's diary
We traveled for two days, and now we're in the middle of nowhere. I mean, like, we're really in the middle of nowhere.

When we came up over this pass, we could see for miles, and there was nothing. No buildings, no quilted farmland, towns, cities, nothing at all. It was almost too big to see. I didn't know there was anywhere left on this planet where you could have a view like that.

But, here we are. We found a cave, really an overhang, but Patty and Janet Dove think there is an actual cave farther back in it. We'll know tomorrow. Patty said it's funny, because we're right back in a cave again, and we are. But Janet said it seems right, and it also does feel right.

I'm worried. We're all worried. We don't know where our men are, or Candace. We don't know what happened at all. And we don't even know how long it will be until we do know something. I wanted to ask, how will they find us? But I just didn't want to upset anyone. I don't think it will be easy at all. Why didn't we think of global positioning? They sell that kind of stuff everywhere. But are there still satellites going around and around up there? Or are they all useless now because of what happened? Did they crash? Lots of questions; almost no answers. And even if we had global positioning, we would not have had the time to use it.

So we'll have to place our hope in the radios. Starting tomorrow we're going to monitor fifteen minutes of every hour during daylight, Patty says. We'll all be hoping.

God be with us. Keep us strong. Bring those we love back to us. Amen.
In The Campground
Candace's diary
It's not over 'til it's over, they say. We came back today to find out that one of the girls we had thought got away came back while we were gone and took off in the truck the other side left by the woods. We need one more day and we'll be gone, maybe two. So hopefully she won't be back to cause us any trouble. 

I am so tired of this. Sometimes I think we should have stayed in the cave in Watertown, fought them there, let it end there. Then I look at Mike, and I love him so much that I want any chance at all at a free life. I'm glad we ran, and all this doesn't seem so bad.

I'm banged up, we all are. At least I'm not missing part of me like Ronnie and David both are. A piece of finger for David, a piece of ear for Ronnie. Patty is going to be so pissed!

Speaking of Patty, and everyone else, we're all worried. We can't reach them on the radios. Bob supposes that they could have gotten out of range. I guess we won't know until we're on our way. And if I don't stop writing and go to sleep...

I'm back. Mike is sleeping now and my head's a lot better. I hope we'll start out tomorrow. God help us.
April 3rd: Late Night
Mike's journal
We have seven trucks, so everyone is a driver. I thought the big trucks would be the worst, but I have to admit, once we loaded them down they were much easier to drive. And they are loaded down with every farm implement we could find. And more than that, everything we could think of, or thought  that we would need. We also packed in trees to plant, sapling fruit trees, vine cuttings and so much more. I just lost count.
There were many things that we could not get, but I think that we have more than we need. I think we can always come back, like Bob says, when we need to.
Candace is on watch post. We're both anxious to end the traveling and get there. She told me tonight that there's a good chance she might be pregnant. Just about three weeks overdue, give or take, so she didn't want to get my hopes up. Well, too late! They're up!
We're stopped for the night, but we'll be back out in the morning. We're still on the logging road, well, one of several logging roads. They weave all over the place and turn into each other. But this was the one they used. We're following the tracks of the big tires. With all the mud from the rain, it's pretty easy to do.
April 4th
Patty's journal
It's fairly early morning here. I have had bad dreams all night long that Ronnie got shot. No matter what I did, I couldn't shake it. I don't even have Candace here to tell me it's okay. I'm such a baby sometimes. I'm not a big believer in dreams, but it seemed so real. I finally decided to get up and not try to sleep anymore at all.
We spent the entire day getting this overhang, and the cave behind, it livable. Whatever had lived in the cave last liked to eat deer, big deer. It took all the morning to bring out all the bones and dump them.
There's a pretty big smoke hole that also allows light in. Yes, I said smoke hole, because people have used this cave before. There are drawings of hands, outlines, drawings of deer and horses and birds all over the walls
This is a huge cave. The main area is bigger than any church or cathedral I have ever seen. Then there are several dozen caves off this one, and we can't tell where they may end. The passages just keep going deeper. It's pretty cold the deeper in that you go.
The smoke hole got us wondering what's up top, so we climbed up to take a look. We thought that would be hard to do, but there are steps that lead up there, worn down. They used this place a long time, whoever they were.
Janet says the drawings and paintings are not like Native American art work that she has seen. Makes us wonder who they were.
The top is flat, and from there you can see for miles. I mean it must be miles. We can see the other line of the Appalachians were we left them in Kentucky, and although we did not come in a straight line, we did come a long way. I tried the radio up there, but no go, even as high up as I was. Even so, I go up there every time now to try it.
The other direction shows us our valley, which is huge. There are more mountains in the distance, several rivers, lakes, herds of buffalo, horses, and other animals that are too far away to see what they are. It's a long valley full of living things, but no other people. No sign of them.
We don't know how much longer we have to wait.  But what can we do? God help us get our people home to us, Amen.
April 15th
618 Park Avenue: Seventh floor 2B
Bear paced before the glass slider that opened onto the balcony. The apartment had been getting on his nerves more and more every day. Closing him in, making him jumpy, paranoid. 
He had spent five full days scouring the streets, but he had found nothing. He had learned a great deal though. The city did not belong to the living any longer. Yes, the living were there, gathered together, but the living were becoming the dead. Looking at it, it was inevitable The dead would grow even as the living shrank. Someday the dead would be more... stronger, and they would take the city completely. He had wondered if it were like that everywhere.
He had come back to the building, killed more of the dead that had taken over the lobby once more, broken the lock set and made his way back up to the apartment. That had been days, or even weeks ago. He had fed himself from Amanda Bynes' cupboards. The water supply at the taps was gone, but he had carried cases of water and sports drinks up to the apartment early on, so it was well stocked. 
He had lost track of the days and weeks as he had sunk deeper into his depression. Donita had not come back. He had gone out searching two other times, but he had finally given it up. Where did you search for someone who was missing? She could be ten feet away or ten thousand miles away. There was no way to know. He had spent more and more time on the balcony, looking out over the dying city.
The dead had been giving him more trouble too. He had put a new deadbolt in the stairwell door that opened onto the lobby. He kept that door locked, but they had figured out how to force the lock. Not surprising since he had forced it himself to get back into the apartment. He hadn't been able to repair all of the damage that he had caused to the steel door frame. 
The really bad part about that had been that when he did return, he had found the key to the stairwell door - apparently all tenants had one - along with a key to the lobby front door, hanging on a peg above the kitchen counter. 
He had finally scoured all the other apartments, taken what he could carry and blocked off the stairwell with a jumble of couches, chairs and other furnishings he had thrown down into and then stacked up against the jumble in the stairwell to reinforce it.
He had thought, at the time, that closing off the stairwell made perfect sense. What he had not thought out was the fact that he too would not be able to use the stairwell. Yes, it would keep the dead out, but it would also keep him in; it had since he had closed it off, and that was not something he could take much longer. 
At night he could hear the zombies working at the tangle of furniture in the stairwell. It was just a matter of time before they managed to fight their way through it and clear the stairwell. When that happened, it would be the end of him.
And the Zombies were getting smarter. They had been coming at dusk and assaulting the stairwell. It was as if they knew he was there, and they had to have him at any cost. But they had no real thinking process. They simply threw themselves at the pile, clawing, trying to work their way over or through it, never making much progress. But the last two nights, they had stopped simply assaulting the pile of furniture and junk Bear had tossed into the stairwell. They had instead begun taking it apart, working at it, as though they had stood back and really looked at it, decided how to clear it and then went about it. That was not dumb-dead-zombie thinking. Not at all. That was thinking like any man could do. They were thinking, and that scared him. It scared him because the last two mornings before this one had shown progress. And this morning, they had nearly made it. Another couple of hours of work, and they would have been in.
He had decided the time had come to leave. It had, and really, he should have left three weeks before. He should have left and headed south like he and Donita had planned. Instead, he had developed a suicidal side. He didn't care. How else could he explain barricading himself in the way he had? He couldn't.
It took three hours of the morning to make his way through the pile of furnishings and junk, and he had awakened three zombies as he moved it, they had come out of the shadows in the bottom of the stairwell and stared up at him. Smart, but not smart enough. He had killed the first one, and then the second one when it had come right up behind the first one. The third one was a little smarter.
The third one had waited in the deep shadows, silent, as he finished moving the tangle of furniture and started down into the shadows. He stopped just a few steps down. He had taken a flashlight from Amanda Bynes' kitchen. He flicked it on now, gun out before him, before he took another step.
The third one was crouched six feet below, waiting for him, and even though he had been ready, he nearly blew it. 
He was a young boy, or had been. He was coiled like a snake, and he came out of the coil and launched himself into the light.
Bear fired three times, his finger squeezing convulsively on the trigger. The boy landed in a heap before him, a wet splash on the steps. His mouth continued to work, biting at the steel step where his teeth now lay shattered, growling deep in his throat. Bear leaned forward and shot the boy in the head once more, and he stopped moving. Bear made his way around him and down the stairs into the first floor stairwell. 
There were two more waiting in the lobby, but these were not the smart ones. These were slow and shuffling. He killed the first one as he stepped out into the lobby. The second one stood looking down at her companion. He walked up, placed the gun against her head and pulled the trigger. She collapsed next to her friend where she apparently had wanted to be.
Bear made the street through the same shattered door frame he had come through with Donita just a few short weeks before. The zombies had shattered the windows on the delivery truck and torn the inside apart. He had hoped the truck would be intact, and it was not. He looked around at the early morning quiet of the devastated city, up and down the deserted street, scuffed the sidewalk with his gore spattered boots and then walked off to the south.
The Nation 
"Got it... Little to the left... Okay," Ronnie leaned back on the ladder and drove a spike into first one side, and then the other side of the roof beam. He straightened up. "We should have thought of lumber. All we had to do was throw a bunch of it on one of those trucks. Next time," he turned to Mike and started to speak, but the frown on Patty's face stopped him.
Mike looked over at Patty and Candace where they stood in the open doorway of the framed cottage. Candace looked up and met his eyes. She wrapped one arm around Patty and pulled her close. 
"We've been here for just a few weeks, and you guys are already talking about going back out there," Candace said.
"Not necessarily," Mike said.
"And it probably wouldn't be us," Ronnie added.
Patty rolled her eyes. "Ronnie Vincent, do not lie to me to try and make me feel better. Don't do that."
"I," Ronnie started. Candace raised her eyes to him and arched her eyebrows. "I won't," he finished. He came down off the ladder and walked over to Patty. Patty looked up from where her head lay on Candace's breast. "Baby," Ronnie began. "We have fifteen more people already than we came with. There are so many things we forgot to bring in. And things that have been added to the wish list. Bob thinks we could have hundreds before the snow flies. And that's Bob's conservative estimate. He thinks a thousand isn't out of line. If so, we don't have enough of anything." He reached down and tilted her head up to his, continuing in a lower voice. "We're not even thinking of going right now. Fall at the soonest, but if someone has to go... I'm not voting for someone to do my dirty work for me. If you say no, then no it will be. But I don't see you saying no when the time comes," Ronnie finished carefully.
"If you make me feel guilty," Patty said.
Ronnie shook his head. "Not guilt. Responsibility. This is our life."
Bob edged through the door with a second beam.
Mike groaned. "It's like a whole tree. Christ, it should hold up two roofs," he complained, as he took one end from Bob.
Ronnie looked over his shoulder at Mike and Bob. "Got to go, pregnant lady. I love you," he bent forward and kissed her nose.
"You are so lucky," Patty told him. Her eyes were wet, but she smiled. "I get scared sometimes, Ronnie," she said in a near whisper.
"I know how lucky. We all get scared sometimes." He kissed her lips, pulled back, held her eyes until she nodded and then turned to Mike and Bob.
"Christ, this thing is heavy," Mike complained.
"Coming right now," Ronnie told him. He climbed the ladder, turned, took the end of the beam and walked it forward as Bob and Mike lifted it and shoved it forward and up. The pitch from the fresh cut pine stuck to his hands, but it helped when he had to grip the beams and lead them up to the ridge beam. "Okay. Got it. Got it." He turned back around, fished a nail from his pouch, pulled his hammer free and began to nail the beam into place.
Early August
Billy and Beth: The Camp
The fire burned hot, but low, the heat feeling good as the temperature of the air dropped. The fires were many. A small group had been sitting, watching the stars come out, when one by one, nearly all of the others had come to sit and watch with them.
They had driven out of the city in whatever they could find that would drive and was not boxed in or frozen in traffic. Taxi cabs, huge delivery trucks and a few city police cars littered the field they were camped in. Billy and Beth had found the field and the others had come in after, some the same day, more as the days passed.
They had all come out from the city. They had fled. There was nothing but death there. Out here, twenty five miles away, it seemed lonely, empty, but not oppressive, as the city had been. Death did not seem as though it was only waiting. There were no dead, zombies, whatever they were. 
There had been birds calling from the trees as they had driven into the field. They had circled the vehicles, staying away from the trees, creating a long open area all around them. Within the first month, two dozen more had come and joined them.
They had thirty shotguns, better than fifty rifles and dozens of handguns between them. They had broken into gun shops and pawn shops on the way out of the city.
Billy stood and looked out at the gathering gloom. Nothing moved anywhere. Jamie came and stood beside him for a moment before she slipped her arm around his waist and managed to capture his attention. He bent slightly and kissed her forehead.
“Wow. I can't believe you just did that. I'm already getting the forehead kiss,” She told him. She smiled up at him, teasing as she said the words.
“You know it's not like that.” He kissed her once more, this time fully on the lips, a longer kiss.
“That was better,” Jamie told him. She looked out over the emptiness. “What are you thinking?” She asked.
“I'm thinking we stay here for a few more days.” He looked down at her. “But we'll have to leave soon. We need to get south. Summer is winding down. It doesn't seem possible, but it is. We can't stay too much longer.” He looked back at the clearing in the middle of the vehicles where the others sat and talked before the fires. They were sixty two, and dozens of kids. Three babies and their mothers, including the one that had come with them.
He had been reluctant to bring the mother with her baby. Babies could slow you down, but he had brought her, and she had gravitated towards some of the others, and would not be going with them when they left. He felt some guilt over it, but more relief than anything else. Scotty hadn't brought it up again, and that had been a relief.
He had never been responsible for anyone in his life, and now this. He had hoped Beth would lead. She had seemed the logical choice, but she had not taken it directly. It was not a responsibility he was comfortable with. He guessed she must feel the same. Beth was there, in the background, listening, approving or disapproving silently, letting him know with her eyes what she thought, what she would or wouldn't approve of.
“That it?” Jamie asked from beside him.
He smiled and shook his head. “No. But who isn't thinking deep thoughts?” His smile faded a little. She answered it with a serious look of her own.
“Come eat,” she said at last. She took his hand and pulled him away toward the others.
"I have to talk to Beth," Billy told her. She let go of his hand immediately.
"Beth... It's always Beth, isn't it?" she asked.
“Jamie," Billy started.
She turned back to him, her jaw set in a rigid line. "I didn't mean that," she said, obviously meaning she did mean it but wished she hadn't said it. She turned her eyes away. "Go on. It's okay." She turned back to him, "Come back later on?"
"Just a few minutes, really. I only need to ask her about staying or leaving," Billy told her.
"I'll wait eating... 'til you come." She turned and walked away without another word. Billy sighed and then turned himself and walked off through the campground.
Quiet conversations passed back and forth between people as he walked. But it seemed as though there were still too many other things on everyone’s minds, and the conversations began to die down after a short time. 
The light was rapidly bleeding from the blue bowl of the sky, and the conversations began to break up as the people who didn't have the first shift of the watch began to drift away, crawling into their vehicles to sleep. Billy found Beth and dropped to the ground beside her.
Bear
The taxi was in the middle of the road. Bear toted a heavy shotgun and wore two 45 Automatics he had liberated from a pawn shop. He had used them more than once. A heavy pack on his back held extra rounds for the shotgun and the pistols as well as food stuffs and other essentials he had picked up.
He had wandered through most of Manhattan before finding his way out and across to Jersey. He had remembered watching huge sections of it burn from Amanda Bynes' apartment with Donita. It seemed then that there could not possibly be any part of it left untouched, yet here was a whole area that appeared to be just that, untouched.
The taxi sat in the middle of the street. All four tires were up, Bear noticed as he walked closer to it. The balance of the street was littered with garbage, other debris from the surrounding buildings and little else. There were four other vehicles, all of which were parked sedately at the curb. He pulled one of the pistols as he approached the side of the taxi.
The windows were up, the partition between the seats blocking his view until he was nearly even with the driver's window.
The driver sat behind the wheel, a browned and shriveled mummy behind the glass. Bear staggered back against his will, shocked for a moment. The driver grinned back at him with his permanent, yawning smile. He was leaning against the door. Bear stepped forward, levered the door handle, and the driver spilled out with a dry rattle, shattering on the asphalt. Bear jumped back again, glancing up nervously at the buildings around him. A few pigeons, disturbed by the noise, took flight... nothing else. A few seconds later, the silence came back, and the street was once again as it had been.
Bear shoved what was left of the driver aside with one foot, and leaned closer to the inside of the car. He pulled his head back out quickly and backed away, his face pale. He had thought that since the body had seemed dried out, shriveled, that maybe there would be no smell. He had been wrong. He pushed the smell out of his head so he could hang onto the meal of stale peanut butter crackers he'd had for lunch. He walked off down the street, sucking the cool air into his lungs as he went. He almost missed the three people watching him from the doorway.
A young, dark haired man had been at the front. He held what turned out to be a fully automatic machine pistol in one hand loosely, pointing at the ground. Bear had brought up his own hands, and they seemed to be indecisive, hovering over the pistols on either side. He forced them to drop.
The young man nodded. "No harm, no foul," he said aloud.
Bear's eyes lifted to the two women behind him. He nodded, and they had nodded back.
"We're going a little further out," the young man said. "Couple of car dealers out there," he motioned vaguely toward the east. "Get some wheels. Try to get the fuck out of here."
Bear nodded.
"Why don't you throw in with us then?" one of the women asked. She stepped forward and then down off the walk, and walked over to Bear. "Damn, you're a  big guy," Madison said as she offered one hand. The other held her own machine pistol down to her side.
Bear chuckled. "Bear," he said.
She nodded. "John... Cammy," she said pointing. They both nodded and then stepped down off the pavement and walked over.
A few minutes later, they had been walking through what was left of Union City heading towards the outskirts, talking as they went. 
~
They had met no one along the way. Before nightfall, they had been driving a pair of new pickup trucks. John and Bear in one, Madison and Cammy in the other, weaving in and out of traffic heading back into the city.
They had ended up in the house over in Harlem, with the gas lanterns for light, the windows boarded up. Bear had not been in on the decision to go back into the city. 
When John had gotten himself killed, Bear had packed up his truck. He intended to go whether Madison and Cammy came with him or not.
They had gone back to Jersey. Madison knew the area, and they had settled into an old factory, and that had been short too. Bear had begun to feel as though a cloud were hovering over them... maybe even just him. 
After they had lost Madison, Bear had been aimless, unsure what to do with Cammy. Unsure if she would even come back to herself, and if she did what she would be like. Once she had come back to herself, they had decided together to head south. It was a week later, when they had finally started to head out, that they had met up with Billy Jingo and his group.
Donita
The fires burned bright, freshly banked for the night. She could not say what it was in fire that still frightened her, but it did. It touched something deep inside, something that she could sense had not always been there, like at one time she had embraced fire the same way the breathers did. Now it only frightened her. 
Behind her, several thousand hid themselves in the woods. She had collected them through the south, across the vast desert, into the mountains, and she had brought them with her as she made her way back toward the city
She looked back to the fires. She should have gone already. There was a dog with the breathers, and the dog kept coming around, sniffing at the wind. It could smell them, of that Donita was sure. Another dog had been coming around too, but she had caught that dog and given it over to the twin. This dog was smarter, or at least smart enough not to come too close.
The terrible fires burned, sending their stink into the air, creating heat.
She stood, her legs flexing easily. Behind her the big man stood also; soundlessly, and although she did not see him or hear him, she felt him. 
She had taken him back in the mountains. He had become her right arm. Strong. Loyal. More. 
She knew he stood, knew he was waiting for her to move, knew that he believed the entire world revolved around her. All this with no words, touches, conscious thoughts. She looked off through the trees to the opposite side of the road, across from where the breathers were camped.
Her new eyes saw more than her old eyes had ever seen, though not precisely as she had seen with those other eyes. This sight was not suited to daylight. It could see, would see in daylight, but not well. The lesser light of the moon was the light she needed. She stood now, looking across the field to where something else had captured her attention.
She had seen the woman far across the field, past the other road, and she had known she was on her own. She watched those who were camped out in the field, and she debated about approaching them. She was wondering whether this group was right for her, hanging at the edges, checking them out. She had no idea that she was now being checked out.
She carried a pistol in a holster at her side. Donita would have to be careful.
She was alone. It was a thing that Donita knew. She was not a part of the other breathers that were camped not far away. There were no others back in the shadows waiting for her. She was a loner, and she had managed to avoid the other walkers like herself that must have scented her, followed her. She had also avoided the others, the breathers, like the ones that were camped in the open field. Donita scented the air and drank in the information.
Alone... Hungry... Mistrustful... Donita said nothing, simply flexed her legs and leapt into the tall grass, the big man behind her.
~
The woods ended at a small creek running down the side of a ravine. The woman never heard them until they were nearly on her. The big man had circled and purposely rustled the tall grass behind her. When she turned quickly, Donita leapt, the full weight of her body crashing into the woman before she even knew she was there, and took her to the ground. Donita took her slim neck in her hands and snapped it before she could react. The power in her own arms still surprised her. The woman's neck broke like a dry stick. Her feet kicked at the ground as the man came from the grass and watched.
Silver-blue moonlight painted her face as she held the woman until she stopped fighting. A second later, it was over. She lay dead. Donita stood briefly and then moved to the man where he stood, his eyes reflecting the same moonlight that had brought so much life to the woman's eyes just a few moments before. He cocked his head sideways and then came to her, his body settled down next to the woman. He seemed to be waiting on Donita, his fingers tented, holding his body weight as he waited.
There was still warmth in the woman, and it both excited and repulsed Donita as she squatted and her thighs settled on either side of the woman’s ribs. She bent forward and lowered her mouth to her throat, finding the hollow. She tilted her chin with one hand and then turned her neck to the side. Her teeth found the artery below the skin and closed over it. A second later, the passion took her and she lost herself. The man scrambled up onto the woman's body, whining low in his throat as he did.
Later...
The moon was bloated and silver bright. The man stood nearby, the last remaining twin was curled into her legs, arms wrapped around them. 
They knew. The people nearby knew. The other dog, the one in the camp, the one she had not been able to get, had been barking most of the night. One of the breathers kept looking over to where they were. He would come. He would not come until morning, but he would come and he would bring others with him too.
She could take them all easily, but this was not her fight. This is not where her fight would be. This was not what the army was for. They were purposed for something else entirely.
Her hand fell to the twin. She had taken her and her sister in the south. They had been her favorites. She had lost one not long before, but she had made those that had killed her pay for it. The touch of her hand raised the twin to her feet.
A few minutes later they were all on the way, running through the night at a fast lope, running down the moon.
The Camp Late August
Billy sat sipping coffee by the fire, talking over traveling plans with Scotty, when Winston and Rogers walked over. Rogers settled into a conversation with Jamie. Winston raised his eyebrows at Billy and Scotty. They both got up and walked away from the fire.
“What's on your mind, Winston?” Billy asked.
“Probably nothing. I had the overnight... kept hearing something, I don't know, out of place. The dog kept looking over at the woods, growling real low. The fires were going. Who knows what's out there.”
Billy nodded. Scotty looked concerned. He stuffed his hands down into his pockets.
“That's it. No big deal. I wasn't about to walk away from here and go check it out in the middle of the night.” He sipped at his coffee. “Went over first thing, right after daybreak. It was bugging the hell out of me.”
“What was it?” Scotty asked.
“Walk over there with me?” He asked.
“Sure,” Billy agreed.
“Absolutely,” Scotty said tightly.
Billy sat his own empty cup down, smiled down at Jamie's questioning look. “No big deal,” he told her. He turned away, and he and Scotty followed Winston across the road toward the small woods on the other side. Halfway there, Jamie caught up. She slipped one arm through Billy's own. “What is it, Babe?” She asked. 
“Don't know,” Billy told her. “It's Winston’s show.”
The smell hit them before they reached the woods.
“Jesus,” Scotty said, “What in...”
The carcass of a small dog lay rotting a few feet away. The throat torn open, the stomach bloated, swollen, intestines spilling out of her side where whatever had killed her had been feeding. A few feet away a human corpse, whether man or woman it was hard to tell. But whatever had been feeding on the dog had been feeding on the body also. The head had been dragged several feet away. Most of the chest was gone, and the stomach lay open, a hollowed cavity.
Billy raised his eyes and took in the gloom, his eyes searching the area.
“Some of them been living here,” Winston said quietly.
Jamie stepped back into the small clearing. “Why does it look as though this was cleared,” Jamie said.
“Exactly my question,” Winston said.
“Probably was already cleared,” Scotty said. “Then this Zombie comes along...” 
“Maybe the body was someone camped out here? Then,  this Zombie came along and killed them,” Jamie asked.
No one spoke.
Billy turned back to the clearing from his examination of the surrounding woods. “Trails," Billy said. He pointed. “There... and there.”
“Might have been here last night,” said Jamie. “I say it because there's nothing else here. No other animals have moved in to take what's left.” She looked at Winston.
He nodded. “I thought that too. It's maybe not a problem because we're leaving soon, but that looks... I don't want to say fresh... but it looks like a new kill. And the dog was barking all night, looking in this direction. I thought, if they are here, this close,” he shrugged.
“Today,” Billy said. His eyes swept the clearing again. “This morning. Maybe last night”
“Yeah,” Scotty agreed.
“Probably should keep this to ourselves,” Billy added.
Winston nodded. “My thoughts.”
“But I guess we better check the areas we stay in closer,” Jamie said. “Who knows what might have happened.“ She turned and looked through the woods and across the field. Their camp was easily visible. She shuddered. Winston caught her eyes and blinked. Billy caught the interplay.
“Yeah,” Billy said. “Yeah... Probably crouched here, hidden, and watched us.”
“Do they do that?” Jamie asked.
“Sure,” Scotty said.
“'Cause it seems like hunters,” Jamie added.
“Zombies are hunters,” Scotty said.
“I didn't believe in smart Zombies," Winston said. "But one day I was checking out this building, a few weeks back, over on Fourth... smelled bad... like this, but a building. I didn't connect it. I chased one into a room. And then, before I could react, there were four more coming up behind me. They had to have been tracking me, and staying quiet too, following me through that building. Nearly got me before I could move. Set me up, I swear it.“ He shrugged. “That's it. I didn't believe, not until then. But it was clear they had thought it out,” he finished quietly.
“Then it don't matter unless they're smarter than you,” Jamie said quietly. "In other words, don't underestimate them."
“Please,” Scotty said.
“Please? If it's bullshit, why would they do that?”
“Sorry,” Scotty looked embarrassed. “Sorry. But you don't really think that.”
“I didn't say I did.” The fire bled out of her eyes. “It looks like someone was living here though... not a dumb Zombie.”
Billy cleared his throat. “Whatever it was, doesn't matter. I saw that whole thing too. I was with Winston.”
“And?” Scotty asked.
“And, I don't know. Does anyone? I'm not saying it was smart zombies... I'm not saying it isn't.”
“Neither am I,” Jamie said.
“But, never mind... I jumped... I am sorry. But, fuck, a thing like that. What the hell could we do against a thing like that?” Scotty said.
Silence held for a few minutes. The gloom began to get to them. It seemed twenty degrees cooler out of the sunlight.
“It was my fault. I shouldn't have made that crack,” Jamie said.
“I got spooked, I guess,” Winston said.
“Doesn't matter,” Billy said. “Let's get out of here.”
“Shouldn't we bury the guy?” Jamie asked.
Billy stopped. “Scotty, go back and get us ready to go. Winston and I will take care of this. Better tell Beth... better send her over, in fact. She's been laying low, but she'll want to know about this.”
“They'll probably come back and dig it back up,” Scotty said. He looked around nervously.
“Yeah. But we're going to do it anyway. Go on back and talk to Beth. Keep it low key. Don't mention this to anyone else. Maybe tell them the dead were following us if you have to, but not the smart stuff," he sighed. "We're going to have to leave. A few days more at the most, and we'll have to decide and go,” he looked at Jamie. She turned her eyes to him. “Okay?” he asked.
Jamie nodded. “Just scared me,” she said. She looked away. It only took the mention of Beth's name to piss her off lately, Billy knew.
Billy nodded. “Winston, you and me... let's go get a shovel, and this stays with us. Later on we'll sit down and talk to the others if it looks like we have to. It doesn't look like we have to right now,” He nodded, raised his eyes from the ground and then started through the trees to get a shovel.
Into the city Once More
Donita 
They had run until they had come to the opposite end of the small woods, and Donita had stopped. The sun was up, sapping their strength, burning their eyes. It was not so much to her. She had grown used to it, but not so for the others, and it was not so far behind her that she did not remember the pain, the fear. It could not cause her to fall down and lapse into twilight. The heat from the sun was not pleasant, but it could not kill her, and she knew now for sure that it could not. Better that these behind her learned that too. Best that they were not afraid, not ruled by it.
She stared out across the field and then raised her eyes beyond it. The buildings of Manhattan rose before her. Miles away yet, but they called to her, and not her alone. She set off across the field at a lope. The man fell in behind her, the twin at her side, the thousands pouring from the deep woods, following like a shadow across the open ground.
CHAPTER FOUR
September 2nd
The cars and trucks in the field were pulling out when Bear dropped his truck down off the road and into the far end of the field. He very nearly shut off the motor before Cammy's hand fell on his own and stopped him.
"You trust too easy, Bear," she told him.
He sighed and then nodded. Maybe he did, he told himself. But could you live on the edge all the time? Never able to let your guard down? He laughed. The truth was, now that he forced himself to think about it, that he had always lived that way. He never let his guard down. This was just a case of tired, or stupid, or both mixed together.
"What could you possibly find funny about that, Bear?" Cammy asked him. She was so serious all of the time. A perpetual worrier.
"I'm sorry. It wasn't about that." He debated telling her what it had been about, but the look on her face stopped him. "You're right, Cammy. You're right, and when you're right, you're right." He looked down the field at the trucks and cars.
There was a slow curve that lead up to the field. He had not known they were here, and they had not heard him coming because the trucks and cars were all running, drowning out the sound of his own motor. They had looked as surprised to see him as he had been to see them.
Bear and Cammy sat looking out at the shocked faces in the trucks and cars at the other end of the field.
Several cars and trucks pulled out anyway, driving past where they sat, eyes sliding over them before they disappeared around the bend.
There were three trucks left in the field. Bear stepped out and walked alone down the field to one of the trucks and the small crowd that stood waiting for him. He held his shotgun in one hand, pointing at the ground, there if he needed it. He stopped in front of the people gathered around the trucks.
"I have never seen a man as big as you that walked that easy," a young, dark haired girl leaning against the hood of one of the trucks told him. The young guy at the front of the hood turned and looked at her.
"Easy, Iris," he told her. He turned back to Bear. "Mac," he said. He nodded at the young woman that had spoken. "Iris." He turned and pointed at each of the people standing there in turn. 
"Beth, Billy, Winston, Scotty. There are a couple of kids sleeping in the back of the Suburban. You're pulling in?"
Bear shrugged. "Bear," he said. "We're heading out. The lady in the truck is Cammy." He raised one hand, turned and waved it at Cammy. A few seconds later, the truck dropped into drive and Cammy drove down the field. She stopped the truck, opened the door and stepped out.
Beth made the introductions once more. Mac walked to the back of the truck and Billy moved up to talk to Bear and Cammy.
"We were about to light out. You don't want to stay here. As impossible as it may seem, we've got dead around here." He turned and nodded at the woods across the field. "Right over there a few nights back, while we were right here. We had posts set up too," he shrugged. "Gone when we realized it the next morning, but they were there okay."
"The others left anyway?" Cammy asked him.
"They're not with us," Billy answered. "We all met here. They're going west, we're heading south. Beth, me, Jamie, Winston and Scotty came out of the city together. Met Mac and Iris; they got two kids... parents gone, crossed over from Jersey a few days back - Don Westfall and Ginny," He pointed back at the third truck and a couple who stood talking to another couple. "Don is the tall guy with the bright red hair. Ginny's the woman next to him with the black hair. The two traveling with them are Danny Best and Rose Evans." He turned back to Bear. He had been looking back at the others as he spoke. "You and your lady heading south?"
Bear looked over at Cammy.
"We were thinking of going across through Pennsylvania, over that way. We keep hearing... Bear keeps hearing, about the middle of the states being dead free," Cammy said. She didn't correct the misconception Billy had that she and Bear were together. In truth, it really wasn't clear in her mind whether they were or not. They had both lost people they loved. It was probably too soon for both of them. Maybe it always would be, she thought now, as her eyes met Bear's and she saw the pain still riding there.
"Heard some talk, but I don't believe it. The city was so bad," Billy said.
Bear nodded. "The radio, a few weeks back... They were talking about a city that was still safe... still held by people," he shrugged again. "It's south anyway, maybe Alabama, just over and then down. I figured what the hell," Bear finished.
Billy nodded. "I can't speak for everyone. We threw in together. It wasn't a vote kind of thing."
Beth shrugged. "We can go your way... I can go your way." Her eyes met his. They were deep brown, liquid, intense."
Billy scrubbed at the growth of beard that covered his jaw. "I'm good with it."
"So what is this place you heard of?" Iris asked.
"Somewhere south. It was back when this whole thing started. I rigged up a C.B. Just heard talk of a place in Alabama. People were gathering together. I think Alabama, maybe it isn't, but it was south... not on the coast. Really it was just a snatch of conversation. I got nothing better than that, but it sounded real. And I heard it more than once." Bear scrubbed at his own beard. "Okay. Well, I'm heading for it... and, well... fuck it, I got to come out with it because I don't want a mistake about it later; I don't follow. I'm just not built that way. I didn't do it in the old world, and I won't do it now. As long as that's clear, you're coming with me... I'm not coming with you."
"Harsh," Mac said.
"Maybe," Bear agreed. "Can't have a shit load of chiefs and no Indians. I don't mean I have the only say, I mean that I don't... hell, I don't know a better way to say it. I can't sugar coat it. I don't follow. It doesn't mean I don't listen though. I do. It's that simple. I guess that means what it means." He threw up his hands.
"I don't need a leader," Beth said. "I lead me. As long as that's straight."
"Do you?" Bear said.
"Wow... Can you feel the love?" Billy said. Jamie cut her eyes over at him where she stood next to Scotty. She rolled her eyes once she caught his, and then turned and looked up at Scotty adoringly. He turned away from her, his eyes looking for Beth, but Beth had eyes only for the big man, Bear. Billy sighed, looked down at the ground, and then back up as the conversation picked up once more. He ignored Jamie. He deserved her anger, after all.
Cammy laughed, put a hand to her mouth, and then took it away and laughed harder. A second later all of them were laughing.
"Hey," Billy said after a moment. "The two of you lead. Sounds workable to me. And, I don't have even a slight wish to lead. Not at all."
"Peace," Mac said. "Along for the ride. As long as it's stable, you know?"
Beth eyed Bear. "You and me then."
Bear nodded. "I can roll with that. First thing though, we need better weapons. If this thing is south, we don't know how far, and it could be dead by now. Not saying it ever even got off the ground. So we don't know how far we're going. We need good guns. How bad did you see it in the city?"
"Oh, Christ," Billy started.
~
The morning turned to early afternoon before the four trucks pulled up out of the field together, followed the service roadway back onto route three and headed toward Clifton. Cammy studied a map as Bear drove.
"It's hard to believe this is as far as we have gotten in over a month together," she said as she studied the map.
"We had no real direction," Bear supplied. "It's not like we had decided on a place and headed toward it." Bear watched the sides of the road. They were traveling along at less than twenty miles an hour, weaving down into the median and off onto the service roads that paralleled the highway when they had too.
There were too many cars abandoned next to the road, in the road, even across the road, to be able to keep track of all of them at one time. A large mall came up on the right, and Bear slowed at the interchange to look it over. Billy's truck rolled up, the window dropped and Beth leaned out.
"Looks okay," she said, breaking the silence of the quiet afternoon.
"Except it's quiet," Bear agreed. "That's always been bad news."
Beth held up her machine pistol. "We need what we need."
Bear nodded. "Let's go then. We stay together though."
Beth nodded, Billy shifted back into drive and waited for Bear to pull away. He pulled in behind him and followed.
There was a thick line of trees behind the shops that Bear didn't like. It seemed like the perfect place for the dead to hide away. He drove slowly into the first Mall area, past the trees and into the second lot. The trees were not as thick up close, but he could still not see through them, and it bothered him. Anything, or anyone, could be hidden within them. He turned the truck, pointed it back toward the entrance road and shut it down.
Billy, and then Mac, pulled down, turned around and stopped next to Bear's truck. They shut down too, and the ticking of cooling motors filled the silence of the parking lot. Bear looked around the lot but saw nothing that seemed out of place.
Abandoned cars and trucks. The front doors to a discount store were shattered, the aluminum frames twisted, pushed open wide and pinned against the faux brick front with carts. Bear had left the windows up. He didn't like the idea of having to start the truck to roll them back up. It was better to roll them up before he shut down. He levered the door open, and stepped down to the pavement. Beside him, Billy, Beth, and Mac stepped out of their own vehicles. The doors chuffed closed, and the silence came back heavy.
Bear scanned the parking lot but saw nothing. He looked over at Beth. She shrugged and looked back over at the wood line Bear turned away and started toward the shattered front entrance. The others fell in behind him.
The front of the store was destroyed. They stayed together, walking aisle to aisle looking for the dead. 
The smell had hit all of them when they crossed the threshold into the store. The dead were there. Where, they did not know. They walked slowly forward into the huge building, silent, safeties off their rifles, waiting.
At one end cap, Bear snatched a stack of flashlights and passed them around. A few seconds later they had stripped off the packaging, installed the batteries and, with a roll of duct tape, strapped the lights to their rifle barrels in the on position. Bright pools of light followed them as they made their way further into the store.
Bear stopped at the back of the store. A set of heavy steel doors lead into the back storage area. There was nothing in the store itself, but he didn't doubt that there had been. He eased his pouch from his jacket pocket, snagged a paper, shook the tobacco out and rolled a cigarette with one hand. He popped the cigarette into his mouth and then looked around near the back area. A pile of wooden pallets was stacked against the concrete block wall.
"Give me a hand," Bear said. All three of them joined in and the stack of pallets came down and was re-stacked in front of the double steel doors in just a few minutes.
"Lighter fluid... paint thinner... something flammable," Bear said. Beth looked around, crossed to the steel shelving that ran along the back of the wall.
"Starting fluid?" She asked.
Bear nodded. He took the starting fluid and sprayed down the top pallet. He pushed it over and it hit the door with a loud clatter, taking several other pallets with it, pushed the door open, and the stack spilled through into the interior. Bear heard a skittering, scuffling noise from inside the inky blackness. He continued to spray down the now toppled stack of pallets until the can emptied. It tended to dry fast, so he had let it build up and soak into the wood in a few places.
He pulled a kitchen match from his pocket, popped it to life with his thumbnail, lit the cigarette and then tossed the match at the pile of pallets.
The flare of flame lit up the faces of a half dozen of the Dead where they stood just beyond the circle of light cast by the open door. As the flames leapt, they began to scramble back into the darkness, but the four opened up on them before they could get away into the shadows.
Two ran at the flames in their fear and were cut down as they did. The others ran further into the shadows, but most dropped dead just beyond the fire as the bullets found them. Bear and Beth stepped past the flames, into the darkness of the storage area, and chased them down. There were a half dozen more, and in their fright, they simply cowered from the smoke and light and were easy to deal with. These were not the smart ones that they'd had to deal with in the city.
Bear came up on the last one as it cowered, looking up at him from a space next to several pallets of boxes. It had tried to work its way behind them but had failed. Whatever the boxes held, the pallets were too heavy for it to move. It turned back, a young girl, no more than a child, the pleading in her eyes, and Bear hesitated for a split second. Beth stepped around him and shot her in the head as she started to spring from her crouch and launch herself at them. The bullet threw her back against the pallets. She landed with a solid crunch of bone and slid down to the floor. The silence came back, and in it Bear met Beth's eyes. He turned without speaking and crossed to the double rear doors, hit the bar that opened them and threw them open to the bright afternoon light.
The light flooded into the storage area. After the darkness, lit only by the flashlights, they had to blink to get their sight back. Beth pushed a stack of boxes over to prop one side of the door open, Bear matched it with a heavy steel push cart to block the other side open. The light and air swept into the back area.
Beyond the doors, empty concrete loading docks ran the length of the rear of the building. Bear stepped out cautiously and looked around. Nothing as far as he could see. Beth stepped out behind him and looked too. A few seconds later, they were making their way back into the main store area.
~
"It's a bad place to try to defend," Beth said.
They were in the parking lot of a huge chain store, a few miles down the road from where they had started. It was late in the day, the light beginning to fade from the sky. It was the only real way to tell time any longer, watch the sky. There were just too many variations in the length of the days. It did seem as though the days were becoming more uniform as they passed though. The last several were somewhere close to twenty eight hours.
The trucks were loaded down with camping gear, ammunition and other necessities they had picked up. They had also picked up another truck for Beth and Scotty to drive. 
The stores on both sides of route three had been ransacked, but they had still found more than enough ammunition, guns and camping gear to suit their needs as they worked their way from store to store. Cammy had taken Bear's arm and lead him away from a display of canned beans in one of the stores they had gone through. "No," she had said. Now they were deciding whether to move on or stay.
Mac looked over the map. "There's a golf course, right?" He handed the map to Beth. Beth looked it over and nodded.
"Okay, so it's huge... a few miles ahead," he looked up from the map.
"My problem with that is trees, areas where they can hide. I'd almost rather be in the middle of the highway or a cleared field... something like that," Bear said.
Beth nodded. "It has got to be overgrown, the golf course. Be great, perfect, if it wasn't. But it's been several months, and that grass has got to be higher than we stand. I say no. I can't see a way we could be safe."
"There's an overpass ahead," Don offered.
"I saw that, but it looks like a pedestrian overpass. That's not gonna work," Bear said. "They could use it to drop right down on us if we stayed under it, and we'd have to be on foot if we stayed up top."
Beth traced a finger across the map. " Look. We need to get to 81... We decided that... 3 to 46... 46 to 80.. 80 to 81..." She sighed and looked up.
Bear laughed. "Yeah, and no way to tell what is what."
Beth nodded. "I think the map is pretty close to worthless."
Bear nodded this time. "It's just that there has been so much destruction. It might get better as we go," he shrugged his shoulders, "It might get worse. But it's not too bad. I say keep the map. It may help on occasion. It's not bad to know where we might be. But we have to acknowledge that everything is torn up and there is no way to know if a particular route will be where it should be." He looked at the map himself and then straightened up. "Okay, sun sets in the northeast now. A compass can not tell us that. Or if it can, I don't know how to do it. All I know is that the few times I have tried to use the compass, it points at different areas. Needle won't stay still. So," he reached into his pocket and pulled out a small key chain compass. 
The key chain itself held several keys. Bear looked at the keys for a second as though he had never seen them. "Well, anyway," he said. "It's no good." He drew back and rocketed the keys, compass and all into the sky. "Should have gotten that gone a long time ago. So, no good. But sun rises in the southwest, a little more to the south than the west. That gives us something to follow. If we stay to the right of the sun by a few degrees, we'll be okay. Even if we followed the sun itself, we'd be okay. That will bring us to 81 eventually. Of course, I'm not sure 81 will do us much good once, or if, we find it."
"How so?" Mac asked.
"Because, Honey," Iris said. "Remember?"
"If I remembered, I wouldn't have asked," Mac said. "Hey... I mean that in a not-being-an-asshole way," he added.
"Sounded like it," Iris said dryly. "Well, there was a run toward the south. I remember seeing the interstate and the thruway clogged. People tried to leave the north. So I would bet that everything going to the south is packed solid."
Bear nodded. "Saw that," he agreed.
"Bad wrecks on the thruway... 80," Winston added. "I remember seeing huge wrecks on the news before the news feeds stopped."
"So, a few degrees to the right of the sun as it travels. Or follow routes where we can. We have about fifty to sixty miles to get into Pennsylvania. I'm thinking about staying away from the cities. I'm thinking what could they, the dead, want in the middle of nowhere? It seems we could be safe there."
"Probably," Beth agreed. "But there's no way we'll make it today. She looked out of the parking lot at route three, which was hopelessly clogged and had only been getting worse as they drove it. She turned and looked back at the store behind them.
"Listen, this will sound crazy, but if we drove right into the store, built a fire right outside the doors... a big one... burn all night... how could they get us?" Beth asked.
"Leave early... get on the road. We might be able to make Pennsylvania tomorrow," Mac agreed.
"Not bad," Billy agreed.
We'll need a lot of wood to burn," Bear threw in.
"More of those pallets. Every store has those out back," Iris added. "Dead wood from the tree parks around here."
"Parking lot full of tires. Tires burn," Winston added.
"Let's get to it then," Bear agreed.
An hour later, as the sky began to darken, they had a stack of pallets and tires piled up in front of the doors to the store. The five trucks were inside. The back doors to the loading docks were shut once more. 
Several more piles of pallets were set up about ten feet apart in a half circle that closed in the front of the parking lot. Tires had been piled on top of the pallets Spares from cars and trucks in the parking lot. They had not tried to get them off the rims, just punched holes in them so they would not explode as they burned.
Kerosene lanterns burned inside the store, casting their light. Beth finished pouring a can of kerosene she had liberated from an aisle in the store over the piles, and Bear stepped forward and flicked a match at the first pile. It went up with a whoosh. He and Mac held sticks in the flames and then set the other piles ablaze one by one. Bear finished by lighting one of his cigarets from the stick, and then tossed the stick into one of the piles to burn. He walked back to the building, sat down on a pile of pallets, leaned his back against the building and smoked as evening came down.
Donita
The Moon shone brightly in the sky. Cold air curled around her as she walked along, slipping from shadow to shadow at the building fronts and the alleyways. The boy and the twin clung deeper to the shadows, farther behind, under the overhangs of the buildings, hidden from the moonlight, trailing along behind her. The big man farther still, but not so far that she was out of his sight at any time. The others farther still.
The breather she was following was alone, walking the roadway. 
Falling down and then getting back up and walking the roadway would be a better description, Donita thought. Was he injured, she asked herself. No. It was more than that. He was injured, at least a little bit from falling down repeatedly, she could smell the blood that leaked from his palms where they had scuffed the roadway, but that was not it. There was something else wrong with him, something else that she knew she should be able to understand, yet she could not get it to come. 
She thought about it, but her new mind did not work that way. Something... something she should know... something from her old life, but that was quickly dissolving into nothing, fading.
She knew she had come from the breathers. They all came from the breathers, but she could not remember the details of that life. It wasn't there. It was like that part of her memory was dying away, gone more and more each day.
He stumbled, fell, got back to his feet after a time and scrubbed one skinned hand against his pants. Donita could smell the blood from where she was in the shadows. She could feel the excitement from the boy and the twin as they smelled it. 
She had brought only the boy, the twin and the big man with her. The others were in a factory she had chosen. More joined them by the hour. They knew she was there. They knew they should follow her. They made their way to the factory and waited with the others. 
She had left to hunt for a time, to bring her familiars with her, away from waiting for what would soon come to them: war. She cocked her head from side to side, scenting the air with her eyes. 
The old sensory inputs meant nothing. She did not breath, so there was no scent that came to her as the air was pulled into her body. Instead, all smells being particulate, her eyes absorbed the particles and turned it into smell. It was a thousand times stronger than her old human ability to smell. Deeper, more complex; it told a story, not just delivered a scent. She drank it in now. 
The man scrubbed his hand against his jeans, leaving a trail of blood so bright, so glaring, so compelling that Donita herself could barely stand it. She could see the microscopic droplets clinging to the cotton, some falling away, becoming airborne. Her head ducked lower as she drank in the intoxicating scent. She straightened suddenly.
Two things had disrupted her train of thought. Intoxicating. That was what was wrong with the man. He was intoxicated. She remembered intoxication. Had she ever been intoxicated herself or had she simply remembered seeing it, she asked herself. She had no answer. She could not remember either being intoxicated or not being intoxicated. The second was the other of her own kind who stood hidden herself within the shadows two blocks down. She had scented the man also; then she had scented Donita. Donita drank her in.
There was no give to this one. She believed she would be the one who took the man. She did not ask; she knew, and she transmitted this knowing to Donita. 
Donita was sure she had felt her own knowing too, and she wondered when the defeat would come. One would win. One would lose. There was no other position, and Donita knew she would be the one to win. For some reason the other did not know that. 
Donita stared at her through the gloom from her hiding place in the shadows, the man forgotten temporarily. A second later, she stopped. The boy and the twin skittered away into the darkness, sent away by Donita. The big man moved up closer to her, protective of her, barely restraining himself from rushing at the other female where she had hidden herself in the shadows.
The man finished scrubbing his hand, unseen by anyone except the boy and the twin who were deep down an alleyway slightly ahead of him. As he began to walk again, he caught a movement out of the corner of his eye. He turned and watched a woman, surely a dead woman from the look of her, step into the moonlight. He stopped and stared, his mouth hanging open. 
A blur farther along the line of buildings caught his attention, and he watched as another woman, also dead - he could tell from the way her skin stretched too tightly across her face, the way her bones protruded through that skin in places - stepped out into the moonlight and faced the first woman. Before he could fully grasp what was happening, the first woman screamed and then launched herself at the other one. The man stumbled back, backed into the alley wall where he stood watching in fear.
Donita met her in midair. Her hands, hooked into claws, punctured the other woman's chest and dragged her down to the ground. From there it was all downhill for her. She had underestimated the power that Donita possessed. Donita's fingers had punched straight through her chest, hooked into her ribs and then ripped her chest apart. Donita threw her to the ground and then pounced on her, her feet driving powerfully into her. Her mouth angled down and tore at her face as her hands closed around her neck. She squatted on her torn chest, weight on the balls of her feet, and rode her as she fought to live.
The fight did not last long. Her powerful hands ripped her head from her neck even as her teeth tore her face apart. There was no mercy in treachery. This one could have been a part of Donita's army. She could have had power handed to her, but she had decided to go her own way, and she had convinced herself that defeat of Donita was obtainable. That was not a belief that could be allowed to grow.
She looked over at the breather. He stood still, mouth open, staring at Donita. She looked back at him levelly. He was really too big for the boy and the twin. If he had been stronger, in his right mind, she would have taken him herself. But, as he was, he was perfect for the boy and the twin, and they needed to practice... learn. She dropped her eyes from the breather, looked up at the bloated moon and then gave them permission to take him.
The boy flew from the shadows, thigh muscles bunched, arms extended, and fell on him. The twin circled to the other side and grabbed his flailing arm, nearly wrenching it from the socket as the two of them took him down to the ground. In his shock, he never uttered a sound. Teeth closed on his neck, and the man's feet began to beat against the pavement as he finally realized, too late, how serious the situation was.
Donita walked slowly from the shadows to where the boy and the twin held the breather, the big man behind her, his glassy eyes fixed on her as she walked up, so alive, but he was dead. He just did not understand it yet. And this death there was no coming back from. She watched the two take him all the way, the eyes losing focus, sliding upward. They knew that she was proud of them. She squatted on her haunches and watched, along with the big man, as the two began to feed.
~
They came through the roof... 
Bear was talking to Beth, leaned against the door frame, staring out at the night black parking lot, when the first Zombie dropped from the ceiling of the store behind them. There were four of them outside the vehicles talking or keeping watch on the parking lot. Bear and Beth, Mac and Billy. When the first one dropped, Billy spun around and clubbed it to the ground. But the rest came so fast that they could not hope to easily and quickly pick them off.
Beth raised her machine pistol straight up and began firing into the roof. The light from the lanterns didn't penetrate the darkness all the way to the ceiling, so there was no way to see how many there were or even where they were. She found herself wishing she still had the flashlight taped to the rifle barrel.
Six dropped, and Bear had to wait for them to come at him so he could be sure of shooting them and not accidentally shooting into the trucks. Billy ran from truck to truck pounding on the doors and window glass, waking everyone up.
Bear reversed the stock of his rifle and ran at the Zombie in front of him. He clubbed his head flat and then reversed the rifle and shot him through the head once he was on the floor. Six more UN-dead dropped from the darkness above, one right after the other. Two landed on Bear's truck, and he heard Cammy scream from inside. One stood from the roof, preparing to leap at Billy as he ran towards Don and Ginny's truck, and Bear shot him off the roof of the truck. He fell right onto one of the kerosene lanterns, and the flames shot up immediately, running under and up the side of Don and Ginny's truck where the kerosene had splashed. It seemed like less than a second to Bear before the truck and the stock in the aisle behind that truck went up in flames. The line of flame rolled away into the store, catching the merchandise on the shelves as it went.
Beth shot another Zombie as it dropped from the ceiling and landed nearly in front of her. Don's truck started, and a second later, Don's eyes showed just above the dashboard as he dropped the truck into gear and lurched forward. Bear jumped at Billy, knocking him out of the way as the truck roared by with scant inches to spare. They both rolled, came up and Billy fired low, taking the legs out from under one of the dead. Bear gained his feet, spun towards the front and watched Don's truck smash dead center into one of the piles of pallets and tires. It was already burning, flames shooting from under the truck and up the sides. The flames had fanned when Don had dropped it in gear and driven from the store. The truck hit, bounced and then came back down hard on the tires and pallets.
Sparks flew high into the sky. The truck bounced twice more, Bear saw Don's head bounce off the side window, and then the truck veered sharply to the left and roared off into the parking lot covered in flames. A second later, the sound of the crash came to them as the truck slammed into several cars in the lot and came to a fast halt. Bear forced himself to turn away. He couldn't afford the luxury of watching something he could do nothing about.
As he turned, the gunfire inside the store picked up. The dead seemed to be dropping from the blackness of the ceiling in a flood.  Thick, black smoke was lifting up to the ceiling and billowing out into the store. Orange and yellow-blue flames danced everywhere. The ceiling was lit from the fires, and as Bear looked up, he could see the dead crouching on the steel beams that made up the underpinnings of the roof and the ceiling above them, waiting to drop on the living below.
Bear swore under his breath and then yelled aloud. "Take them out up at the ceiling. Just open up on 'em!"
A second after that the dead began coming down faster, shot, some dead, others full of holes but still moving. The four of them managed to get close to each other and then backed into the inside store wall, putting the concrete block at their back and mowing down the dead as they dropped and tried to get to their feet. It seemed like only seconds later when the dead stopped dropping from the darkness.
There were two still moving, and Beth took care of both of them with her long knife. She slammed one boot clad foot against their heads, one by one, held it tight to the ground and drove her long knife straight through it in one shot. 
In the silence, Bear could hear someone screaming in the parking lot, and he remembered the truck. He turned and ran toward the door when Beth screamed his name.
"Bear!" Her shout was loud in the store. Bear stopped dead and turned back, sure more of the dead had begun to drop from the ceiling once more. As he turned, his rifle began to lift toward the ceiling. 
"Where in fuck do you think you're going?"
He stared stupidly at her for a moment. "The truck, Beth. The goddamn truck..."
"I know... I saw the same fucking thing you did. But where are you going? Because it looked to me like you were going to run right out there in the dark... right to that truck."
"She's screaming, Beth... she's..."
"Yeah, and that's bad. I don't want to hear it either, but if you run out there, you'll be dead too, sure as shit. Dead, and not a goddamn thing to show for it."
The silence fell again, and the screaming from the parking lot bled back in. Bear stood, torn, knowing Beth was right, but the screaming pulled at him like a physical thing. A second later, something out there blew up, and the screaming stopped. A second after that, the silence was hard and heavy. Bear heard a scratching, scrabbling noise from the other side of Billy's truck and walked over quickly.
In the aisle, behind the trucks, Mac and Billy were spraying down the fire with chemical fire extinguishers, clouds of white rising now instead of the thick black.
Bear came up the side of Billy's truck. One of the dead had managed to get itself crawling once more, a hole in the base of it's skull. It was moving in jerks, erratic, but it was moving. "Better come see this shit," Bear called out.
The four of them stood and watched the jerky movements of the zombie as it tried to gain its feet.
"Very fuckin' bad," Mac said. He tossed the fire extinguisher, and it clattered to the floor and rolled away.
Billy's face was hard. He stepped forward, levered one single bullet into the chamber of his rifle and fired point blank into the Zombie's head. It blew apart, and the Zombie finally quit moving.
"I do not like that at all," Beth said.
"Yeah, I'm guessing it missed the brain," Billy said. "That's the way it looks." He bent down, rolled what was left of the Zombie's head so he could see the bullet hole in the base of the skull. He shook his head. "Just can't fuckin' tell. Just can't." He looked over where Bear and Beth stood together. They both walked over. Bear knelt and leaned in close. Beth squatted beside him.
"Looks like the hole blew the base of the skull apart, but it didn't actually get into the brain. There's no hole." Bear shrugged as he stood.
"Looks that way to me too," Beth agreed. She leaned forward, looked around the floor. "Billy, throw me that stick." Billy threw a short stick to her, what looked to have been the base to a small hand held flag at one time. Beth used the stick to tilt the head forward more. She leaned even closer. "No... There is no hole into the brain. It hit the base of the skull, busted the bone out, but it didn't take out the brain. That's why that bastard was still kicking." She tossed the stick aside and rose from the squat she had been in.
"I hope so," Mac said. "Or else..."
"No. There is no or else. I just looked at it. Take that goddamn stick and look at it up close like I just did if you don't believe me. It didn't die because it wasn't a true head shot. That's all," Beth said. She turned and walked back toward the front of the store.
"Gimme a hand," Bear said after a second or two of silence. He and Billy began dragging the dead out into the parking lot, staying close to the fires as they did. They both glanced over at Don's truck where it burned along with four or five other vehicles. They both turned quickly away, walked back inside and dragged another body out.
The Nation
Mike sat quietly on the rail that closed off the stalls from the main open floor of the huge barn. Bob and Tom were finishing up spreading fresh hay across the floor in the huge open area where the horses bedded down. He and Ronnie had offered to help but had been told to take a seat on the rail and wait.
"He can spread that hay," Ronnie remarked.
Tom looked up and smiled. There was a time, not too long before, when any remark from Mike or Ronnie would cause an entirely different reaction in him. Whatever remnants of his feelings, left over from their time together in Watertown, still existed, were becoming less and less important. Something new was replacing them. Some sort of friendship, but something that went beyond mere friendship too. Camaraderie: mutual dependance and respect. Something like that, he told himself. Something like that, only more complex.
"We should have put them to work, Bob," Tom said now.
"Couple smart asses, that's for sure," Bob agreed. All four men laughed.
"Did Candace know you were coming down here?" Bob asked.
Mike looked quizzical. "As a matter of fact, yes."
"Yeah... Talked to me about it too," Bob agreed.
Mike nodded. "Crossing T’s and dotting I’s."
"Well, what do you think, Bob?" Ronnie asked. "You too, Tom... Does it make sense?"
Bob finished spreading the last bundle of hay he and Tom had thrown down from the loft, dusted his hands and came over to the rail. Tom came behind him.
Behind them, the double barn doors yawned open, the last remaining light spilling in, the skies dark blue, bruised purple at the horizon. A horse looked in through the doors and whinnied at Bob.
Bob turned back to the door. "Well, come on, Buddy," Bob said quietly. He patted both hands against his thighs. The horse tossed its head and pranced into the barn, a half dozen others right behind him. More would be on the way as night closed in. Before they left, Mike knew, the horses would all be in the barn for the night, and the huge doors would be swung shut on the darkness.
The horse trotted over to Bob, seeming to Mike to run sideways as he came. Bob caught his huge head, patted his nose and rubbed between his eyes and then behind his ears. The horse closed its eyes and dropped its head lower, clearly enjoying the rubbing.
"Big baby," Bob told the horse. He rested his own head against the horse's as he spoke to him.
'God, that is a big horse," Ronnie said. It was no secret that Ronnie had a fear of horses.
Tom leaned against the rail. He and Mike both nodded.
Bob finished scratching the big geldings head. The horse wandered a few feet away and began to eat the fresh hay that was scattered across the floor. Bob turned back to the others. "I instigated it. I have no doubt. But, yes, I stand behind it. I told Candace," he looked at Ronnie," And Patty," he laughed.
"A package deal," Ronnie agreed.
Bob nodded. "I told them both the same thing." He moved to a nearby flat bed wagon and levered himself up onto the platform. He sighed. "We definitely get our daily exercise needs met here," he said. He looked back over at the others.
"We need to go. No doubt. I did not know how fast we would grow, and even my low ball estimates now are liable to be way off too. I think by fall we could easily be over a thousand. I know it seems as though we brought in enough for an army, and some things we did. I think ten generations from now they will be thanking us for the supply of needles or forks. Christ, we must have a million of those plastic lighters too. So some things great, some not so great."
He looked down at the ground and then back up. "Do you realize we have about fifteen coats, jackets I mean, between us. Socks? Sounds petty, but we need socks. And this is us, not the others I expect here sooner or later. Seed. Lumber. Do you realize we forgot entirely about furniture or a sawmill? And I saw two or three of those portable sawmills there at that farm store where we spent so much time. I didn't think to get one on the truck though." He shook his head.
"I made a bed frame... and a mattress," Mike agreed. “I was wishing I had thought of it too. But those are not absolutely-gotta-have-them items, are they? I don't mean to make them sound unimportant either," Mike colored.
"No. No, I see your point. I'm a little all over the place. Maybe I should have listed the important stuff first. Medicines. We have three folks here with heart problems that could die without simple medication. Even an Aspirin, Sandy tells me, could help. Antibiotics. Books on herbal medicines. We got Tim. He can read something and figure out what we need to do to make it for ourselves, so if we can find books on medical compounds, he could teach us, or show us how to make them. Did you know that before everything became chemicals there were natural compounds that were used to cure almost anything? And they worked too."
"And if we do have a thousand people here by winter and no jackets, warm clothes, how in hell are we going to get any work done? Gloves. That saw mill. Tim’s electrical parts he needs to get us power up to the cave... wire, boxes... hell, I don't pretend I know what he needs. Thank God he does." They all laughed. Bob leveled his eyes on Mike. "It's not a frivolous trip. I told Candace and Patty that too," he raised his eyes to include Ronnie. "We have to go. No choice to it. We have to go, or not everyone will make it through the winter."
"Give us another year when we are able to get the supply up to the demand and we'll be fine... maybe..." He laughed a little. "No... I suspect, to be honest, that we would be fine. But I also suspect we will always have a need for those things that are laying around out there. I'm not saying we will absolutely have to have them, but we will find reasons to need them. But this trip we have to have some of these things. Yes, a whole lot of stuff is going to get added on. You're gonna have to shut down the requests, believe me. I told them we need to make it formal, have a council meeting, everyone there. Let everyone have a say."
"And soon too, I bet," Mike said.
"Gonna have to be," Tom said. "We have harvesting coming up. A lot of harvesting... grain, corn... those two bridges we need to put in before winter."
Ronnie nodded. "We decided that neither you nor Bob can go. I mean, you can make a case to go if you really want to. It's not selfish. Well, it is. You two do almost everything... all the important mechanical stuff that the rest of us can only lend a hand with. If you, either of you, go, the Nation is in trouble."
"Sounds like you are being forced to stay," Mike said.
Tom and Bob both held up hands and then laughed. "I don't want to go," Bob said.
"Yeah, I'm good here too. I like my place in things. It's," Tom shrugged.
"Good?" Bob supplied.
"Good," Tom agreed.
"As long as it doesn't feel forced," Mike looked over at Ronnie. "It's a relief to me. I can say that."
"Me too," Ronnie agreed.
"So... a meeting," Bob said. "I suggested tomorrow night, get it right out there. Set a date, and get together those that are going to go."
"Well, Bob, I'm so glad I had this talk with you," Mike said with a smile. They all laughed hard. Bob reddened.
The big gelding looked up and then wandered back over to Bob. Bob scratched behind his ears, and they all laughed again.
"Don't make me set my horse on you," Bob said as he scratched the horse's long nose.
"That is a big frigging horse," Ronnie said. "Uh, it was Mike that made the smart ass remark."
Mike laughed and looked over at Ronnie.
"Just saying," Ronnie threw back. They all laughed again.
”Come on. I'll buy you a drink," Mike joked. He clapped Bob on the back.
"You better get me that saw mill," Bob told him.
"That farm store? The last one, right?"
"Yup," Bob agreed.
Mike pulled a small spiral notebook from his pocket and scribbled a note. He slipped the notebook back into his pocket, and the three men walked from the barn, closing the huge doors behind them as they went.
CHAPTER FIVE
September 3rd
The sky was overcast and matched the mood Bear found himself in perfectly. They were on the road; it was very early morning, but no one had wanted to waste any time leaving. There was no reason to delay it. They had all been on guard through the night, only waiting for the sunrise. A quick check of the roof, and they had been on their way.
Don's truck had still been burning. Several more vehicles had become involved in it through the night. It looked like the entire parking lot would probably burn. It also looked like the fire would probably work its way to the buildings before it was through. Maybe the burning would be for the best, Bear had mentioned. No one had disagreed.
There had been two big explosions before dawn. The last one, a huge one that had lifted two cars into the sky and scattered debris all the way to the store front. There was no doubt that Don and the others were past saving. All that remained was for everyone to wonder why he had done what he did. There was no real answer for that at all. You could not know another person's mind, Bear knew, even if you thought you did.
The dead had been spirited away in the night. That had bothered Bear a great deal. The dead had come for their own. That was something a human would do, and he had not considered the zombies to be human, to have human traits, qualities, feelings. Was it feelings? A sense of duty? No way to know. Same old answer, but that didn't change the fact that they had come and gotten their own. Whether it was simple recycling, back into the food chain, or a sense of duty, or something else, Bear didn't know. 
What also disturbed him about it, even more than the why of it, was that he hadn't seen them come. There had been fires burning all around the bodies, yet they had come and taken them, and Bear had seen nothing; and, he reminded himself now, no one else had seen anything either. The bodies had simply been gone this morning. 
They had checked the roof at first light, trying to work out how the dead had gotten in. Bear and Beth both wanted to be on their way, but both of them also wanted to know how the dead had managed to get into the building. Bear, Beth, Cammy and Billy had climbed the narrow, black steel ladder at one side of the building that led to the roof.
Beth had found an air duct at the back of the store that lead to the roof. A crowbar lay beside the ruined sheet metal top. They had pried the top off, crawled into the duct work and gotten inside the store. Once in, they had used the steel roof supports that made up the ceiling to make their way to where they had been. From there it had been easy to drop straight down on them. Beth had stood for a moment, looking down at the vent, and then she turned away.
Bear stood looking down at the vent where it had been pried open to gain access. It had been bad, but he supposed it could have been worse. What if there had been no watch? What if several of them had not been awake talking? What if...
"Don't," Cammy said from beside him.
Billy looked over at Cammy's voice, and then turned back away. A second later, he walked away, heading back to the ground.
"What?" Bear asked.
Cammy only shook her head and followed after Billy as he left the roof. Bear stood for a moment, shook his own head, and then followed along.
The four trucks pulled out into the median of route three, and followed Bear along the side of the the highway, weaving around stalled trucks and cars as they went.
~
Bear looked over at Cammy. Her silence was brooding. Something he had done had pissed her off. "Come on, Cammy," Bear said as he drove slowly around an overturned tractor trailer combo. Somehow the trailer had stayed attached as the truck had turned over. He drove up the slight rise at the side of the highway, skirted the trees, branches scratching against the side window, and then angled back down toward the side of the road. He looked over at Cammy.
Cammy fixed him with a deep frown. "You're sitting there going over this like there was something you could have done differently, and there isn't. I don't even know why you chose to lead this. No one asked you to. Yeah, it was there, offered. But you took it, and you didn't have to. And you're a good leader, but part of that is because you feel things... take it all so personal. You can't. You have to let that go. I saw that same shit rip Maddie apart. I won't watch it twice." She turned back to her window and watched the world pass by in slow motion. 
Bear had left the side of the highway. They were traveling through the fields now, staying close to the roadway, but the roadway itself was impassable, cars and trucks jammed together for as far as they could see.
Bear said nothing, only concentrated on driving. The fields were overgrown, and they could not make good speed because there was no way to know what was in front of them at any given time. Twice Bear had driven into a boggy area. He was only saved by the low speed and the four wheel drive, backing out and then edging by closer to the highway.
The rain began to fall in the early afternoon as they passed a road sign for Tannersville, and Cammy announced that they were inside Pennsylvania and had been for several miles. They began to follow the thruway.
The sides of the thruway were wider, and the traveling, despite the constant rain, was easier. In the late afternoon they reached Route 81. Bear skirted the interchange overpass and, with the other trucks following, turned on to the interstate highway. A short way down the interstate, they came to a break in the roadway, just past the signs that marked the outskirts of Hazleton. A deep ravine crossed the highway, filled with a river of water. The exits were still ahead, past the break in the highway. Bear rolled to a stop at the edge of the break. The stalled cars and trucks had not been so bad on the interstate. It had looked as though they would begin to make good time. Now this.
Huge portions of the road were gone. Deep gulleys cut crossways, flooded now with the constant rain. Both lanes of the highway were out directly ahead. Bear had stopped a hundred yards from the drop off. He picked up the radio from the dashboard. The rain was driving now, drumming on the steel roof.
"We can't go any further in this. Road's gone ahead of us, and it looks as though it has been for awhile. Once the rain stops, we might be able to wait out the flooding, but It doesn't look real promising."
"Junk yard... off to the left," Billy said. The radio was static filled and scratchy despite the fact that Billy was less than fifty feet behind them. Bear rubbed at the glass. It had fogged up when it began to rain and had stayed that way most of the day. 
Off to the left, a huge junk yard stretched away towards the city of Hazleton. The junk yard itself was a good half mile or more from the interstate though, and Bear wondered whether they could get to it. The city of Hazleton lay beyond that. At least he assumed it was the city of Hazleton. The signs said it was.
"If we could make that... we could use that to get into the city. Might be clear on the other side," Billy finished.
Bear looked out the window at the huge expanse of blacktop. At one edge, a few cars were tilted into the air, half sunk into the ground. There was water flowing at one edge of the fenced in yard. He could not tell how deep it was. Overall, though, it seemed in good shape. He traced likely routes with his eyes. It looked passable, but that was from his vantage point on the highway, looking it over through the pouring rain. Directly ahead, there was a steep embankment down from the interstate and a field of tall grass to pass through that could both present problems.
"It doesn't look that good, Billy. From here I don't see a way out. I don't see anything under that grass, but there could be..." Bear trailed off, held the button for a second and then released it.
"Right... Right... From here, though, I can see through the grass in places. Back up a bit, Bear. Back up and see. Old dirt roads out from the junk yard... or around it... something."
Bear shifted into reverse, cut to the left and backed down the length of Beth's and then Billy's truck. Mac's truck sat further back, idling in the rain. 
The wind whipped the grass, and from this angle it was possible to see the ground beneath it, at least parts of it. There were parts of old roads. He could also see more of the junk yard too, a few out buildings, and there seemed to be a clear route through the yard and out. A road did emerge from the trees on the other side and lead toward the city. He didn't see a clear connection though. He glanced back ahead and then over at Billy through the glass. He clicked the radio.
"Beth?"
"Beats sitting here," she replied.
"Down we go," Bear replied, after a brief pause. He took his foot off the brake, backed around Billy's truck and then rolled forward. 
The drop off for the embankment was sharp. He rolled up slowly, let the front tires ease over the break off and then tried to control his descent into the field below.
The Nation: September 4th
Mike walked down along the stream to where it made the turn into the second valley. He, Ronnie, Tom and Bob were looking for the best places to put in footbridges to cross the stream. In places, it was more like a small river than a stream. At others it flattened out and was no more than a few feet deep as it made its way along the valley floor.
"Tim wants to put lights down this far," Mike said to no one in particular.
"I believe he will too," Bob said. He stopped and looked back down the length of the valley. "Talk to Candace yet?"
Mike nodded and looked over at Ronnie who nodded too.
"Bet that was fun," Tom said with a smile. "If I told Lilly I was going back out there? Christ, I don't want to think about how it would go."
"Yeah... Well, that's about how it went for us too. Only difference being, we told them together. Really, all things considered, they took it well."
"Patty thinks the council should get together tonight, nail down some absolutes. How long., who goes. She wants to go; so does Candace," Ronnie said.
"No way," Mike said. "I mean..." He shook his head.
"She's pregnant," Bob said. "May be that Sandy will have to say no for you. We talked about getting together tonight. The council meeting should be open though, as we discussed."
Mike looked up. "That would do it, Bob. I think you have it. Do you think she would? Sandy, I mean?"
"Yep. I know she would, because she just said something to me today about Lilly, Janet, Patty and Candace. I'm missing one. Another of the new ones whose name is not yet in my head. But, Sandy talked to me about none of them being able to work the harvest. She doesn't want to take any chances when it comes to babies. So that pretty much solves your problem. If she doesn't want them to work the fields, it only goes to make sense she would not want them going back into the outside world," He raised his eyebrows.
"Yeah. I can see that. They can't argue with that," Ronnie agreed.
"They are nearly as big as Lilly is," Tom added. How could they think of being in a truck bouncing over those roads? And who knows what else could happen? I don't think it'll be a walk in the park," Tom finished.
"No. From the radio, I think it's safe to say it's not going to be a walk in the park." Mike cleared his throat. "But, I thought about Molly and Nellie. Molly is good with a gun... as good as Candace is. Nellie is a close second, and she knows a lot about first aid because she's been learning from Sandy. Might cause Candace and Patty to worry less too."
"Leave soon, I would suppose?" Bob asked.
"Pretty much have to. It's already cooler. How far away can winter be? And everything's changed. We have no idea how bad it will be," Mike said.
"Or even if it will be," Tom added.
"There's that too," Bob agreed. "Well, let's get together tonight. We got people coming in tomorrow. It will be crazy. And, the more that come, the more that might want a say in things too. We can do it tonight, set it for two weeks from now. That will give everybody time to square things away if they need to, those that are going I mean. And those of us that are staying, to get you lists of what we would like you to try to get."
"Two weeks is quick," Tom said. "I should go with you guys. I just don't know what Lilly would think."
"Or Bob," Bob said. "If you go, this bridge project, harvesting - and about a dozen other things I can think of off the top of my head - ain't gonna happen or get finished."
"I asked Bob about stealing you, Tom," Ronnie said. "You would be an asset. But I think Bob is right. Like we said the other night, there are things you and Bob do here that are too important. There are going to be too many of us gone as it is, and who knows how many coming in."
"And, I wouldn't say it to Candace or Patty - Lilly or Jan either for that matter - but it's liable to be pretty bad out there. We may not make it back. At least not all of us, and we can't even say when we will be back. We thought about it, but I thought I would rather have you and Bob here. We have others, but the four of us..."
"Been through the fire," Ronnie finished.
"Pretty much," Mike agreed.
"Lilly will be relieved. Bob and I have cut out a lot of work to finish before snow flies," Tom seemed embarrassed
"But," Ronnie added, "Next time, you go and I stay."
That lightened the mood, and they all laughed.
"I'm going up," Bob said. "I'll tell Jan to let them know. After dinner?"
Mike nodded. "You'll talk to Sandy?"
"Yep." He looked at Mike. "Don't tell Candace it was me," he laughed, but his eyes were serious.
"No," Mike agreed.
"We're gonna hear it anyway," Ronnie said morosely. "They're gonna know."
"Probably. But they'll be here safe and not there," Mike said.
The silence held for a moment as Bob left to head back up to the cave. Mike looked back down the valley toward the barns. "So... show me where this bridge is going to go."
Tom took off his hat, beat it against his leg and then wiped the sweat from his brow. He pointed back toward the barns. "Well, you can see where the stream narrows up there and stays that way. It's deeper. Bob and I were thinking..."
New York
Donita and the Thousands 
The factory covered a few acres. Donita stood outside and looked it over. Its walls were concrete, poured in the last century, soft and crumbling. It had been abandoned long before the world changed. It was not then, or now, a place where people were likely to come. It was a good place for her army to wait. Wait, because Donita, and those who were closest to her, were going back into the south.
She had thought she was done with the south. She had thought New York was her destination - and it was - but it was not her destination now. Now she had to travel back into the south lands, gather more together, bring them to New York. And from New York... she asked herself. But there was no answer. None at all. 
Hers would wait here, and she would go. She would take those she wished to have with her. The rest would fend for themselves. A few strong ones would lead. She knew who those strong ones were. Jersey, the boroughs of New York, the suburbs - the dead and dying were everywhere. These who stayed would not starve, and her army would grow while she was gone.
South. South again. Then New york, and then something else. Maybe west. Maybe there was someplace west that she should be. She didn't know. The voice inside called, and she answered. It was not a call that she could hear, but a call that she felt, the voice that had more and more inserted itself into her life, this life... this new life.
Donita turned and looked at the city behind her. The skyscrapers in Manhattan, those that still stood - many had fallen - still stood against the sky. From here it looked as though New York was just fine, that it still belonged to the living. That misconception would only draw more of the living to the city, and more living only meant more dead. 
She turned back to the factory. The big man stood nearby. The boy and the twin, a few others who had begun to follow her at all times were also close by. They knew. They knew just as most in the factory knew. The strong ones, the ones that would lead, were gathering together even now, waiting only for her to acknowledge them. She walked into the factory, her familiars behind her.
Hazleton
Bear stood smoking, leaned back against the garage door and watched as an eagle lifted into the sky back toward the interstate. He reminded himself that, although they were a symbol of power, they were carrion eaters, and it was a good sign that they were here. If there was enough for the eagles to eat, then the dead were probably not gathered somewhere close by. From their observance, down in the city of Hazleton the same could not be said to be true. 
They had driven down from the highway the day before, but it had not been an easy drive. There had been running water and a set of railroad tracks to cross too. The water had not been deep, but more than once Bear had not been sure they would make it through. The thing that saved them was the fact that the trees had been cut back from the junk yard area, leaving a wide, open area and a dirt and gravel road that wound around the entire yard. Once they had reached that road, it had not been hard to follow it around to the Hazleton side and find their way in.
The junk yard itself was fenced, high chain link fences, and the dead prowled them day and night. There had been a set of gates at the front of the junk yard that opened onto the Hazleton side, that had been broken down by a wrecker at some point, and they had let themselves in through those missing gates. 
The wrecker sat a hundred yards inside the junk yard, one of the gates wrapped around the front of the wrecker, the other gate laying bent and crumpled off to one side. Bear wondered about the story, what had happened with the wrecker and the gates, but he had no answer, and the people involved were long gone.
There had been no fixing the gates, but they had driven an old Greyhound across the entrance, jump started the wrecker and used it to push the bus up tight to the fence. That had stopped the dead from easily gaining access to the junk yard.
The yard covered hundreds of acres, and they had walked the fence line in the rain to make sure that it was intact. Bear and Beth both had agreed on that. They wanted no more surprises. They had come back to find the bus pulled across the opening and a few dozens steel barrels burning around the long steel garage building that stood to one side. Old wood and used motor oil fueled the fires.
The buildings had been closed up tight. No dead had been inside them. It had taken Mac and Billy more than twenty minutes to break into the garage building while Bear and Beth had been walking the fence line. Iris, Cammy and Winston kept the kids occupied and began to get a meal ready, moving inside the building as soon as Mac and Billy cleared it.
Something about the rain kept the dead inside, holed up somewhere in the junk yard. A short time later, with the rain still falling, they had begun to walk the rows driving them out. There had been a few dozen inside the yard, trapped now, and they had routed them out before the rain had stopped. 
Clearing the dead had not been a big deal. With the others inside the closed garage, Bear and Beth walked the rows, slamming baseball bats they had found in the garage against the cars as they walked by. The dead were driven out into the rows that ran between the cars where Billy and Mac shot them down.
These were not the same breed of Zombie they had dealt with in New York. These were slow: slow thinking, slow moving. Everything about them said slow. After the ones in the city, these seemed easy. They had cleared them out, thrown their bodies from the top of the bus out into the road that lead away into Hazleton, and then stood in the rain, exhausted, looking around at the huge yard.
That had been the day before, Bear thought now. He had managed six hours of sleep, and he was amazed at how much better he felt. He finished his cigarette and tossed it out onto the pavement, stared at it for a moment and then walked over and crushed it out with his boot heel. He turned and walked back into the garage area.
Billy had himself a project he was working on in one of the garage stalls, to replace the truck he had been driving. He and Mac had pulled in a huge four wheel drive truck. The cab was wrecked, the bed gone - probably sold. The two of them had stripped off the rest of the truck body during the day. Bear had lent a hand when asked, but mechanical work was not his strong suit. Not so with Billy, apparently, who was unafraid of anything mechanical. He became a different person once he had a wrench in his hand.
Bear had awakened from his sleep to find that the three trucks besides Billy's all had bigger tires and rims. Billy and Mac had scouted the junk yard and found them. It had been a little tough doing the work without power, but it was not an impossibility. From there, they had moved on to stripping out the truck that Billy had spotted while they had been searching for tires.
Bear had driven his truck around the roads in the junk yard, surprised at how different it felt. It sat much higher. He could see farther away. He could see the advantage of that when it came to high grass in the fields or at the side of the roads. He got out and looked it over. He could see where Billy had use a hammer to remodel his front fenders where the tires would have rubbed against them. He was amazed at the difference, and couldn't wait to try the truck out on the road.
He had come back feeling a little useless but glad to not have to worry so much about just living for a few moments. He wandered through the garage now to watch the work on the truck frame. 
A frame, motor, axles and suspension is what it was. There was nothing else left, and Billy and Mac were gone, somewhere off in the junk yard searching out parts. A wiring harness was coiled up on top of the motor, and another snaked its way back along the frame. Bear shook his head. It amazed him that Billy and Mac could understand this work. He would have been lost.
He walked back through the garage to the area where the children, Cammy and Iris were. He heard the children giggling before he got there. They were in what had been an office area. Iris looked up and smiled as he walked in. Cammy was still perturbed at him for something. He wasn't sure what, but she looked up too. She looked away just as quickly, and then back at Iris.
"Could you watch these guys for a while," she asked Iris.
"Go... Go," Iris said. Cammy rose from where she had been sitting and faced Bear. He met her gaze levelly.
"Let's go for a walk," Cammy said.
She didn't wait for Bear to answer, but headed back out into the garage area. Bear's eyes slipped up to Iris, but she looked away. He turned and walked out behind Cammy into the garage.
Cammy walked out of the garage into the sunshine before she slowed for Bear to catch up. She turned and waited, and then they walked in silence down through a row of wrecked cars. As they walked, Billy and Mac came up the row with the wrecker, Mac driving, Billy steering a van that was being pulled behind the wrecker. 
The actual tow unit on the rear of the wrecker had been damaged in whatever had happened with the fence. Bear had looked it over. If he'd had a welder, it would have been an easy fix, and Billy had been looking at a junked generator sitting farther back in the yard that he was sure he could use to run one of the welders that sat inside the garage. But then he had got caught up in the truck frame work, the tires, and Bear had heard nothing more about the wrecker. It seemed like it made no difference to Billy and Mac. They had still figured out a way to use it for what they needed. Bear lifted a hand as they drove past and then turned his attention to Cammy.
The silence held. She seemed to be searching for words to say. Her head was down, staring at the dirt as she walked along. He thought about speaking but decided not to. He turned his eyes up to the skies instead.
The sky was deep blue, so deep it made him dizzy to look at it. Clouds on the far horizon, somewhere up to the north. Maybe rain for them later today.
"Bear," Cammy said from beside him.
He looked down at her.
"I don't love you... I like you, but... trying to love you is just making me hate you." She looked up at him, her eyes wide, dark, serious.
Bear stopped, and Cammy came to a stop beside him. She burst into tears and wrapped her arms around him, burying her face against his chest. "I'm sorry," she sobbed. And the rest of her words were muffled, unclear.
"Oh, Cammy," Bear started. He was no good with this, especially once a woman started to cry. It made him feel like he could cry too. A flat bed truck sat nearby. He picked her up in his arms and carried her over to the truck. He sat down, and she scooted forward onto his lap, reburied her face and continued to cry. Bear sat and held her as she did.
He buried his face in her hair and held her as the time slipped by. Eventually she stopped and lifted her puffy face to his.
"Do you hate me?"
"Nope. I don't even see how you could think that I would."
She held his eyes. "You're a nice guy. I..." Her eyes started to leak again.
"Cammy, listen... what made you think you had to feel that way?"
"Because people think it... People expect it."
"So burst their bubbles. You can't live your life to someone else's terms or... What's the frigging word?" He snapped his fingers together.
"Expectations," Cammy supplied.
"Exactly," Bear said. "You can't live your life for someone else."
Cammy laughed. Her eyes were still leaking, but it was obvious her mood was changing.
"So... this has been what was wrong? I've been driving myself bat shit trying to figure it out."
"No, you were already bat shit," Cammy joked. She laughed again, her mood clearly going the other way. "You are the sort of man who lets all sorts of stuff bother you... drive you bat shit, as you say. You have a huge heart. You make me wish I could be happy with you, but I can't."
Her tone became more serious.
"My woman died too... as this was starting. She had a bad heart," Bear said. "Walked out of the house and didn't come back. I looked for her." He shook his head.
"I didn't know that," Cammy said.
"I know you didn't know that. There's more to it. You didn't know it because I didn't tell you. I guess I said I lost her, but I didn't actually speak about it like I just did. I can't share that part of me that easily. So it isn't just you, Cammy. I do feel something for you, but I'm not in love with anyone... I..." He stopped.
"Anyone?" Cammy asked.
Bear laughed. "Don't you think we're sometimes telepathic? I mean, out of everything I said, you knew to go right there."
"And you decided not to answer," Cammy said.
"No... No... I just.. I just don't know, Cammy. I don't know what my feelings are. Could be.... given the right... Oh, Christ. I'm no good at this, Cammy. I'm not in love either. I'll leave it there. But you should not be worried about hurting anyone. Be happy. This world is so fucked up, Cammy. Be happy. If you're not happy, how can you make anyone else happy?"
She was still pressed against him, her head resting against his chest once more. She felt like a little sister who was going through a crisis. "I guess the truth is I see you like a little sister. I don't mean that in a bad way, Cammy."
She started to cry again.
"I didn't mean it in a bad way, Cammy. I truly didn't," Bear said quickly.
She pulled her head away. Her hands tried to straighten his shirt which was wet and stuck to his chest. "I feel the same. I would like to be friends though. Maybe it will change, Bear. Maybe it will."
He stroked her hair. "Maybe... Maybe," he agreed.
Cammy pulled away, and rubbed at her face and eyes. "I get so emotional. I don't mean to."
"Don't apologize for being you."
"Did you know that Maddie saved my life more than once, Bear?"
"No, but I knew there was something there. And I know she loved you."
Cammy nodded. She fell silent and then looked away toward the front of the junk yard.
Bear sighed. "I have to be there. It's my shift. Are we going to be alright now? I mean..."
"I know what you mean..." She straightened and patted at her hair, swiped at her eyes again. " Yeah... Yeah, we're going to be okay now," Cammy said quietly. "I think you do love someone, Bear. Maybe you just don't realize you do."
Bear stayed quiet. "I loved someone. I'm pretty sure that's where it stays for now." He helped her up and  back down to the ground. They walked together back down the car lined path toward the front of the junk yard.
CHAPTER SIX
The Nation
The main meeting area of the cave was huge, measuring more than one hundred feet across in the middle and nearly twice that deep back into the rock before it narrowed and split into tunnels leading into the heart of the small mountain.
The entire community was there. They'd had a community dinner. That happened more and more, as the larger projects drew more people who worked together all day long. Tim and Annie worked in the cave with Sandy, Susan and Jan. Lilly ran the school for the children down in the valley, but she was up at the cave the rest of the time, and Tom was tied up with projects with Bob all day long too. It was easier for all of them to not have to be concerned about cooking.
Mike and Ronnie had been finishing up Ronnie and Patty's stone house in the valley. They had come up to the main cave area after work rather than go home. Besides, they had reasoned, Candace, Patty and a few others were working on the storage areas in the cave, so they would be there too. They had met them there, and they had all eaten dinner together in the main area. 
Sandy had taken Candace, Patty and Lilly away with her right after dinner to the clinic that was in one of the smaller rooms off the main area. They had both just finished a long talk with her and returned to the main cave area. 
Sandy was a nurse, the closest thing to a doctor The Nation had, and she was busy almost every day with one thing or another. They walked back out into the main cave area as Mike and Ronnie were coming in from the ledge where they had been talking with Bob and Tom.
"Oh, oh," Ronnie said.
Mike smiled.
At six months pregnant, they were both showing. Lilly came out nearly behind them. She was much bigger.
Candace came to Mike and looked up into his eyes. "Tell me you didn't have anything to do with that," she said.
Mike frowned. "I wish I could. Honey, you have to look at it sensibly. This is not going to be a fast trip. And it's going to be..." She placed one finger on his lips.
"Okay," she said
"Okay?" Mike asked, surprised.
"Yeah, I was mad, but really, you told me last night. I guess I had most of today to talk it over with Pats, think about it, and I decided you were right. Sandy was just the icing on the cake. Look at me," She stepped back and turned sideways.
'Um," Mike said.
"Um?"
"Well, um, you are getting bigger, but it looks good on you, Babe," Mike said.
Candace laughed. She looked over at Patty who had locked her arms around Ronnie and rested her head on his chest. "Such a suck up," Candace said.
Patty laughed, but her eyes were red rimmed as though she had been crying. Mike supposed she had been. He looked back at Candace. Her eyes were red too.
"I wish it could have been different," Mike said.
"Yeah," Ronnie agreed.
Patty looked up at him."It speaks," she said.
Ronnie laughed as Lilly walked over  with Tom.
"Guess we better get this show on the road," Mike said.
Bob came over, Molly, Nellie, Arlene and David with him. Jan was right behind them.
The Nation's council consisted of Mike, Candace, Ronnie, Patty, Bob, Jan, Molly, Lilly and Arlene. They had not settled on nine members and then elected them, the nine had instead volunteered soon after they had arrived in the valley. They had simply taken everyone that volunteered.
They rarely met, preferring to talk things over as needed, maybe in the barn over milking, up in the cave sorting potatoes, out in the field stripping the seed from the wheat; it didn't matter. This would be only the second formal council meeting.
"Folks." Mike raised his voice and the small talk in the room died down. He was surprised how many new faces there were. "I don't like formal stuff, I don't want any of us to start thinking one is better than another. The old world stuff, I just want to leave it alone. But we have decided we need to make a trip out into the world."
There had been a small amount of conversation, all low, respectful. But it died completely, so quiet that Mike could hear the wind whistling around the bad fitting edge of one of the main doors.
He nodded. "We want to leave in about two weeks, the sixteenth... well, twelve days. We talked about two weeks, but the sixteenth seems to be the actual date. We are not taking a lot of people. It's going to be a dangerous trip. You guys listen to the radio, so you realize what 's going on out there. Some of you just came in. You have a better idea than I do, and I would like to speak to a few of you before we go. I'm thinking six people. No pay, long hours, and, no pregnant ladies. You have to talk to Sandy about that. Believe me you won't get anywhere." He paused for a moment, but the silence held. He had not expected much else.
"Twelve days is not much time. If you have an idea of something we need, tell one of us. Better yet, tell Jan. I just volunteered her, but she's been through this before. She knows what to do. See her; she'll make sure we know about it." He looked over at Candace. "I might be forgetting something, but I don't know what it would be. We'll be gone no longer than we have to be gone. Fall is coming, and we have more groups on the way."
"Nellie and I want to go," Molly said. Mike had talked to both of them earlier. They both really had wanted to go. He had done no convincing.
Mike nodded now. Tim's hand raised. "Tim?"
"Annie and I want to go." This was not a surprise either. They had talked it over. The only thing Mike did feel ill at ease with was taking Annie.
"Ronnie and me and that makes six, unless anyone has a different idea, or wants to go." Mike waited to see if anyone would speak. There were a few he would make it eight for, if they wanted to go, a few who he would not budge for at all, but no one spoke. No hands were raised. Mike nodded after a few moments. He looked around the large room. "A few of you who just came in... Bud... Johnny... Tammy. I don't want to exclude anyone either. But I would like to talk to you over the next few days. I just want your best advice. Anyone else with recent experience out there too. Guess that's it." Mike sat down at the nearby table where Candace, Patty and Ronnie sat with Bob and several others.
"Well, I think that went well," Bob said.
"Except you volunteered me for the lists, Michael," Jan said.
"Sorry," Mike said.
"Twelve days," Candace said. Her eyes were shiny.
Twelve days," Mike agreed.
Hazleton
Bear climbed up the steel ladder they had leaned up against the bus. Beth sat looking out at the street in an aluminum lawn chair. She turned as he made the top and smiled. Bear smiled back, turned and looked back into the junkyard for a moment. The view was unobstructed. The yard stretched away before him. He turned back to the front. A house lined street, like any house lined street, in any city. He assumed it went on into Hazleton, but they had not followed it.
"Quiet?"
"Very," Beth agreed. "These zombies don't seem all that interested in us. Or... I don't know, they're stupid... mentally slower." She shrugged
Bear nodded. "But I wonder if it works the same. I mean, I wonder if these just haven't caught up yet. And when they do, I wonder if they'll be as bad as the others."
Beth looked back at the house lined street beyond the bus. She had been watching the street, occasionally turning to the junk yard, and watching the fence line for hours now. She had seen two dead. Both had been farther down the street, a good quarter mile away, so far that it may have been the same dead woman both times. She had not really gotten much of a look the first time. "I guess I'm just glad we don't have to fight them like we were. The brain rest is good."
They both fell silent. Bear crossed and sat in the other lawn chair that had been set up on top of the bus.
"We should probably move out in a few days," Bear said. "It's nice, but it's not getting us any closer to where we want to be."
Beth looked over at him. "Where do we want to be, Bear?" she asked.
"South... west?"
"You thought about these people that have this city all set up?"
"Yeah, except I haven't heard anything at all about them on the radio. I wonder, if it truly did exist... if it has fallen to the dead. Just because they aren't too smart here doesn't mean they aren't there."
"So you don't want to look for it?"
Bear laughed. "Have you considered that maybe I am not a man who can live a settled life, that maybe my life will always be in flux? I mean, in..."
"I know what flux means."She smiled again "I am no dumb girl, Bear."
"Oh, I didn't mean to..."
She held up a hand. "I know you don't think I'm a dumb girl. I over explain sometimes. Or react," she colored. She turned away and looked over the street. 
The dead girl was back, wandering the street, stumbling from house to house, slamming into the houses as she found them, apparently unable to see them or stop herself. She and Bear watched as she wandered up the street toward them and the bus that would block her way.
"I guess a place to call home," Bear said. "The year is going by so fast. We need people who know how to plant gardens, raise cows, things like that."
Beth laughed. "You? A farmer?"
Bear looked at her and smiled. "Uh, no. I'm not going to pretend either. What I would like is to be working steel again. That's what I did all of my life. But that's not going to happen. This will sound crazy, but I think... This really will sound crazy. I've thought about it, and it sounded crazy to me when I said it to myself, but I think I might drift."
"Drift? You mean like a cowboy in a movie?"
Bear laughed. "More like a biker movie I saw once, but I think I did get the word from a western. Yeah... Just drift. I don't think I want to settle down yet. I've been here one day and it's old. Lonesome Dove ... McMurtry. I think that was where I read it."
"Good book," Beth agreed. "So a woman can't tie you down."
Bear had been watching the dead girl stagger up the street. He turned now and looked at Beth. She met his eyes and held them. She looked away first
"Sorry... Not my business," she said.
"It would depend," Bear said.
"On whose business it is?" Beth asked.
"No. It would depend on the woman," Bear said quietly. Beth locked her eyes with his again. This time Bear looked away.
The silence spun out. The dead girl slammed hard into the side of a garage three houses down the street, got up, stumbled to the back of the house, across the rear lawn, and then walked off the end of a retaining wall that dropped into a deep ravine at the back of the house. She emerged a few moments later rolling in a loose flap of arms and legs down into the pit far below. One leg flew up into the air and just kept going.
"Ouch," Bear muttered. "Jesus."
"Took half her ass with it too," Beth said.
Bear choked trying to hold the laughter back. "You are a sick puppy," Bear managed after a moment.
"Hey. You laughed too. Besides, if she had made it three more houses I would have shot her, and she would have lost more than a leg and half her ass."
Bear choked again. "That is so fucked up."
Beth laughed back. "It is... I'm sorry. Look what's become of us." She choked her own giggles back. The silence came back again. In the distance, somewhere over in Hazleton, smoke began to rise up into the air, a thick black pillar. Bear watched it, as did Beth.
"That did not start on its own," Beth said.
"Nope," Bear agreed. He laughed again.
"This is amusing?"
"No, but the situation is, because right about now I'm wishing I was somewhere safe and warm. Drift my ass."
Beth laughed. "I don't want to go see what that is."
Bear sighed. "Neither do I, but I'm going to. Can't chance they come looking for us tonight. If we can see their smoke it's a bet they can see ours."
Beth stood. "Me and you? We can leave this to Scotty. It's about time to get him and Winston up anyway."
"Winston is up. Didn't see Scotty though." Bear stood too.
"Send him back. I'll wait," Beth said.
Bear nodded and turned to the ladder.
The Garage
The van was stripped down, wheels and frame gone, its doors off and interior stripped out. It was just a shell suspended from two A frames over the truck frame. Bear whistled as he walked by and headed up to the overhead storage area where they had set up sleeping quarters.
Scotty was up and getting dressed. "You came to get me? Must be something up," he said as Bear walked in.
"Yeah. I hate to do it, but I need you to take my shift on the bus. Beth and I are heading over into Hazleton. Smoke, just a short while ago. I guess if they didn't want us to know, they wouldn't have started a fire. I'm guessing, but I'm sure they can see our fires here."
"Take it to them before they can bring it to us?" Scotty said.
Bear shrugged. "I guess it could be good news. Maybe others that might want to travel with us."
"But you don't think so."
"Nope. If they were interested in joining, they would have come over. We have fires that have been going since we got here. How could they miss it? No. Instead they start a fire on the other side of the city. Suspect."
Scotty tugged his last boot on, shot the laces through the steel hooks that ran up each side of the boot and tied it. "Let's go," he said as he stood from the edge of the bed.
They were walking into the garage when Beth called on the radio. 
"Company, Beth says," Billy told him.
Bear swore. He had clipped his radio on his belt but had not turned it on. He plucked it from the belt and flicked the knob. "How many?" he asked.
"Three," Beth answered. "But they're attracting a crowd... dead. So don't be surprised if you hear gunfire."
She was no sooner done talking than gunfire erupted from the direction of the gate. All four men ran from the garage and headed for the bus.
Bear yanked his machine pistol free from the sheath that held it across his shoulder. He flicked off the safety as he ran.
Donita
They were not hers, and she did not understand them. There had been others she had met along the way that were the same. Dead, passed over into this new life, but not like her. There was no better explanation for it. These were slow, empty vessels full of holes. She could not lead them. They could not hear her voice or any other. She let the boy and the twin run them down. But they were not really good training for them.
She was on the outskirts of a small city. She and the three with her had spent the day before in the woods, not far from the city, going in at night to find the living. They were in those same woods now, Donita limping along, the twin and the boy at her side, the big man behind her. One leg had been a mangled ruin. It was still not much more than that, and she had taken shots to the chest that were healing too, but her body was rebuilding itself as she walked.
Her one remaining twin had lost an eye, a head shot that had ruined her face. It was rebuilding, but Donita did not believe the eye would come back. It seemed to be healing into a twisted mass of scar tissue that covered that side of her face. The boy was unharmed. The big man had taken most of the shots protecting the twin and the boy, but he was healing too as they walked, faster even than Donita was.
The living had thought they were like the other dead that they had found in the town, slow and stupid, so they had not been prepared for the reality that she had taken to them.
She had found them in the basement of an old farm house. No one guarding, or if there had been, they had fallen asleep. She would take six that were meant for her. The others she gave to the boy and the twin. The big man helped her with the six. It had seemed to go smoothly. The ones that were hers were stretched out on the cold concrete. She waited while the others fed. But the night passed and the morning came, and they had not come back.
It was late in the day when they did come, and they were not hers at all. They were the same slow, stupid, infestation that she had found within the town. Malformed, undeveloped. Not hers at all, not able to be made hers. She had let them go, set them free. They were no use to her at all.
They had wandered away immediately, into the small city, walking into houses, cars, street signs and whatever else was in their way as they stumbled along. She had watched them go. Blind babies, empty vessels that would never be anything more, and then the second bad thing had happened. 
She and the others had been in the basement when the breathers had set it ablaze. She should have known they were there, felt them, sensed them, known, not only that they were there, but what they were about to do. But she had felt, sensed, nothing at all until a second before the house went up in flames. She had barely managed to get herself out through the small basement window that faced the rear of the house. Even then, she had nearly lost her own.
The breathers had been waiting and opened up on her as she crawled through the window. But they expected the slow, stupid ones, and that was their downfall. Donita had screamed and launched herself at the nearest breather, riding him to the ground where she had ripped his throat out before he or the others could react. That bought time for her own to get out of the basement and the burning house. Three more of the breathers had fallen before the others had fled. The big man had picked her up and carried her back to the woods, and she had lapsed into twilight as the healing began. 
When she had come back to herself, they had set out through the woods. The longer she walked, the stronger she felt. She would not make the same mistake again, she told herself. She looked over at the twin with her now scared face. She would not make the same mistake again, she repeated to herself. And they would pay for this. They would pay. She remembered their scent, would never forget it, and they would pay.
Bear
He was up the ladder faster than he would have thought possible. Billy, Mac and Scotty were up next, but the firing was over. It had not come from Beth, except at the very end. There were half dozen dead laying in the roadway a hundred yards from the bus. Directly below, as Bear walked to the edge and looked down, two frightened young kids stared up at him. Teens, maybe, he told himself, not much past that, and they were both carrying machine pistols, yet they had somehow allowed the dead to get as close to them as they had - a girl and a boy. The girl had a gash on one side of her face and looked pretty bad off. He glanced back up at the dead in the road, and then let his eyes fall on the other houses on both sides of the road. Nothing and nothing. He looked back down at the two.
"How did you get injured?" he asked the girl.
Beth stepped up beside him. "Dead girl had her pinned to the ground. She wasn't hurt before that. Had the boy too."
"That's a fuckin' lie! A fuckin' lie!" The boy screamed. "They never touched us... never. We got away," he added in a near normal voice. He turned and looked back down the road at the dead, and when he did, Bear saw the blood leaking from his hairline. He looked back at the girl and her eyes were locked on his, staring up at him.
"Girl?" Bear asked.
She frowned and then nodded. "I don't know. I think I cut it on the road... He did," she turned and pointed at the boy. "They slammed his head into the road," She tilted her head as she looked up at Bear and then Beth. “It might have been. It was this close," she held her index finger and thumb barely apart. "Could have been." She cleared her throat.
"We been here. We didn't just get here. They're dumb... They can't even get out of their own way. But we found some this morning that weren’t dumb... somehow," she seemed confused. "Set them on fire. Some got away," she shook her head, staggered, and then her eyes cleared. She continued, "Hell, maybe all of them got away. The thing is, they weren't stupid. Not like the ones we've been dealing with," she shrugged. Her eyes fluttered as she spoke, and she staggered again.
"Sick," Beth whispered.
The boy looked up. "I'm telling you, they never got her at all. Never did." His own eyes were glazed, no doubt due to the head injury hiding under the hair that was slowly darkening and becoming plastered to his head. The blood was bright red now, flowing down his neck. He held the girl for a second, but it seemed all he could take, and they both sagged to the ground.
"Goddammit," Bear muttered. "I guess that explains the fire though." 
Down the road, three dead staggered into the street from a house where they had seen several others come from. Before Bear could speak, Mac and Billy dropped all four with just a short burst from their weapons. "Getting a lot better," Bear said. "A lot." They said nothing. He looked back down at the girl and boy and then walked away and looked over at Beth.
"I am not for it. I think she's sick... Maybe not the boy, but what the fuck can we do?" Beth asked.
Bear nodded. When he spoke, his voice was a deep whisper. "Nothing. He's not going to leave her." He leaned forward and looked down at her where she lay curled in the boy's arms. He was out. Maybe not coming back. The blood was still pumping from his head and flowing down his neck. 
Bear squatted and peered down at the girl and the boy for a few moments before he spoke again. "What do you think of her hand?"
Beth squatted beside him and looked down at the girl. She stood and shook her head. "I can't tell. It looks like she's turning. Turns black, you know, but just under the skin... like... like a spiderweb flowing out under their skin. Bad description, I know," she finished.
"Not really. Pretty close to what I have seen. Looks like the capillaries just under the skin turn black. Takes no time at all... spreads to the rest of the body. Can take the finger, hand, foot... if you're fast enough. Stop it right there. I've seen it done."
Beth met his eyes. Her voice was low. "Can't take her head off. She's got the other cut on her face and that seems to be turning black too... around the edges. Can't tell for sure yet."
"No. Looks it to me too." Bear sighed. He rubbed at his eyes and then turned to Billy. "How long do you guys need to finish your project?"
"Rest of today. Tomorrow to test it and make sure it's okay."
"Yeah? All that work and that's it?" Beth asked.
"Not as complicated as it looks. It's swapping out the body, really. Everything is in the wiring harness, just run it into the van cab... wire up a switch. The big deal is mounting the body. I have a welder, I have a gennie, but I'm not so hot with welding."
"Really? Well, like I said, I am. Show me what you got, what you need, and as long as you can juice up that welder, I'll get it done for you," Bear said.
Billy laughed. "Man. That's good. I was worried about it, but..." He broke off as Bear turned away and looked back over the edge of the bus. "I'll wait for you... get the gennie fired up. I have to cut some plate steel and make what I need you to weld. We'll be waiting." 
Bear turned back and nodded. "Be there in a bit."
Billy's eyes slid up to Mac, and a second later they both turned and made their way down the ladder.
"Scotty... we got this, Scotty." Bear turned and looked at Scotty. Scotty nodded, relief clearly written on his face, turned and hurried down the ladder.
Bear reached into his pocket, pulled his pouch out and rolled a cigarette.
"Roll me one," Beth said.
"Yeah? This is rough stuff."
"Yeah. Roll me one," Beth repeated.
Bear rolled a second cigarette, handed it to Beth and then struck a match. Beth leaned in and pulled a deep breath as Bear held the match to her cigarette. He lit his own, looked over the edge, and then tossed the match after he shook it out. His eyes looked down the street where the three dead had now become four, bumping around parked cars. One had walked into the side of a house. It kept backing up and then walking straight forward again, slamming into the side of the house over and over again.
One had found the middle of the street and was drunkenly staggering its way toward them. Bear flicked his machine pistol to single shot, raised it, sighted and squeezed the trigger. Half the zombie's head instantly disappeared from its shoulders. The other half seemed to hold together for a moment and then toppled to the left. The zombie dropped in to the street in a heap. Beth coughed beside him. He turned.
"Jesus, Bear. Rough is not the word."
Bear nodded and then looked down at the two teens. The girls face was beginning to darken, her hand was a mass of small spidery black lines. The boys head wound was slowing, but there was a fine mass of black lines running across one cheek. "Guess that answers that," Bear said quietly.
Beth took a deep pull off the cigarette and rubbed at her temples with her free hand. "Is this the way it's going to be, do you think?"
Bear's cigarette dangled from his lower lip, seeming plastered there. "No..." He raised his eyes. "We're gonna find that place and settle down there. No more of this shit."
Beth flicked her cigarette off the edge of the roof. "Bullshit. I don't see it. I don't believe it exists, and if it does, I don't think you can settle down."
Bear took a deep pull from his own cigarette and then flicked it off the roof too. He said nothing, but leaned forward and looked off the edge of the roof. He looked back up and held her eyes for a moment. Beth stepped forward too, shrugged her machine pistol from her shoulder and into her hands. She raised her eyes to Bear. He nodded, thumbed his pistol to full auto, and sprayed the two where they lay up against the bus below. Beth's pistol hammered away too. They were brief bursts, but they did the job. They both backed away a moment later.
"Okay?" Bear asked.
Beth nodded.
Bear slipped his pistol back into the sheath on his back, walked to the other side of the bus, snagged the ladder and dragged it upward. A moment later he was lowering it on the other side.
"Got you," Beth said tightly.
Bear climbed down the ladder. A few moments later he was pulling the bodies away from the side of the bus, dragging them over behind the nearest house and rolling them down into the ravine that the rains had cut into the hillside there. In less than a minute, he was climbing back up the ladder and then pulling it up behind him.
Beth watched the street. There were two more dead that were getting closer. The one was still slamming repeatedly into the side of the house down the street. 
"Okay?" Bear asked quietly.
She turned to him. "Yeah. It is what it is." She thought for a second, but didn't know what else she could say.
Bear nodded. "I'll send Scotty back." He waited for a second.
"Got a pint... Got a couple actually..." Beth said.
"You offering to buy me a drink?" Bear asked.
She held his eyes. "I think I'm offering more than that. I don't want to cause problems..."
Bear nodded, "I'll send Scotty. We'll take a little walk. We can talk this out, I think."
"Yeah?" She moved closer to him. Bear started to lean toward her and the ladder rattled. Beth stepped back, smoothed her shirt unconsciously and looked toward the ladder.
Iris's head rose above the ladder level. "Something's wrong with Winston," she said.
Bear looked a question at her.
"I don't know... sick... Cammy said he has pain in his arm." Iris looked from Beth to Bear and then back and forth again. "You had to kill them kids?"
Bear sighed. "Mac told you?"
"Well, yeah."
"Yeah... Had to... Okay, I'm coming," he turned back to Beth, an apology in his eyes. Her own eyes said she understood. "I'll send Scotty." She nodded. Bear turned and followed Iris down the ladder.
"I can't believe it," Iris muttered as they walked toward the garage.
"What?" Bear said, "Winston?"
"Please... You two are fucking!" She lowered her voice to a hissed whisper.
Bear was taken aback. "What the hell are you talking about?" He stopped and closed one hand on her shoulder, turning her back to face him.
She squinted her eyes. "Are you serious? It's obvious."
"It's obvious that you see something that isn't happening," Bear said.
"Right... Right... I won't tell. But it's fucked up. You shouldn't be with Cammy if it's Beth you want."
"I'm telling you nothing's going on," Bear said.
She glanced down at his hand, shrugged it from her shoulder. "No? You will be. It's not fair to Cammy is what I'm saying." She turned and walked off to the garage, leaving Bear standing for a second before he got his feet moving and followed her.
The Nation
"I don't want you to go," Patty said.
"I know... I would rather have you go too, but..."
"I know... And I don't want to go. I don't think I could take the riding. So, let me be clear... you." She propped herself up on her elbow next to him, the weight of one breast pressing softly against Ronnie’s arm, and poked her finger into Ronnie's chest. "I don't want you to go."
"It's not fair to blind me," Ronnie said.
Patty looked down at her breasts. "Assets," she said.
"Headlights," Ronnie said.
Patty smacked his arm with an open hand.
"Ow," Ronnie said in a mock hurt voice. "Blind me then beat me."
"I don't want you to go." She punched his arm with a closed fist.
"Ouch. Now that hurt." Patty drew back her hand to do it again. "Okay... Okay, I'll stop screwing around. Honey, I can't do anything about it. You know that."
Patty dropped her fist and laid her head back on his chest. Her fingers picking at the tight curls of his chest hair. "I know... I just didn't like the way it went down. It was like you guys went to Bob, Bob went to Sandy, Sandy lowered the boom on Candy and me." She raised her head from his chest and held his eyes with her own.
"It didn't go that way, exactly."
"So, how exactly did it go?"
"Pats."
"No... No fair... No Pats this or that. What did you two do or say? It's important, because if you feel like you can't talk to me... ask me... share with me... If you have to go behind my back..."
"Nobody went behind anyone’s back. It went like this. Mike me, Bob and Tom were talking. I guess Mike and I brought it up. Bob said Sandy wouldn't let either of you go. I didn't, Mike didn't, Bob didn't, Tom didn't. Nobody said anything else. And Sandy had already planned to tell you. And Mike and I had planned to say no, even if it meant that we couldn't solve it with you, if we had to end up not going. Whatever it took, but nobody ganged up, conspired. Honey, you're six months pregnant. You said yourself that you wouldn't go."
"I said I don't want you to go."
"I know. But you know I'm going. If it was you and Candace, you would go. I know you would. Mike is my friend. It's that simple, and it's my place as part of all of this... this place. Who else would go? Tom? Bob? David maybe? One of the new guys that Mike doesn't even know?"
"You're making it like I should feel guilty about this, like I'm being greedy... like I want too much," Patty said.
Ronnie reached over and pulled her closer to him. "Stop it. It's not about anybody being right or wrong. Guilt... no guilt. It's not about that." He stroked her hair. "Pats, it's going out because we have to. That's all."
"You could get killed," Patty said quietly.
Ronnie sighed. "Okay. I can't say that wouldn't happen. I can't. But I can say that I am not interested in being dead. In fact, I have a very healthy interest in staying alive. I intend to pursue that interest. Honey, I can't see the future."
"I am just afraid," Patty said. Her voice choked, and she buried her head further into Ronnie’s chest. Ronnie held her as she began to cry.
Bear
"Hey," Bear said. He knelt down next to Winston where he lay on a cot. Cammy had found the cot and set up in a small side office. He looked in his eyes. "What's going on?"
Winston nodded. "I think it's just something else, Bear. I know Cammy is worried, thinks it's my heart, but I don't think so."
Bear nodded. "What can I do?"
"Nothing, really. I think it just has to run its course." He shrugged.
"Pain in your chest? ... Arm?" Bear asked.
"Arm aches. Pressure in my chest. I got a bad ticker... I know it. I get that sometimes. I got Nitro... plenty," Winston said.
"But you don't think it will get worse?" Bear asked.
Winston lowered his voice. "It's a bad ticker, Bear. Been bad before; been worse, better. I really think it's going to be okay. I don't have that feeling of doom. I can't explain it better than that. You get this feeling when it's really bad. I don't have that. I think, truthfully, that it will be fine. Maybe I overdid it a little the last few days. I'll be more careful," Winston finished.
"We'll probably be here the rest of today and tomorrow. Then we're thinking of pulling out... if you think you feel up to it. So, rest. Let me know... but be honest about it. Let me know how you feel," Bear shrugged.
Winston shrugged too. Bear stood. Cammy stayed where she had been, seated on the end of the cot.
Beth
Beth walked along silently. Bear walked beside her. He had come back after all and caught her as she was coming down the ladder. He had waited as she made a quick trip to the garage, and then they had walked slowly into the junk yard, watching the rows of cars as they went. Bear told her what Iris had said to him earlier.
"Iris can be silly sometimes. She gets an idea in her head and she runs with it," Beth said at last. "Hopefully it doesn't cause you problems."
"It can't cause me problems," Bear said. "I can't believe, though, that Iris would go to Cammy."
Beth shrugged. "Maybe, maybe not. Either way it can cause you problems, and I hope it doesn't."
"It can't," Bear said again. "Cammy and I had a talk today. Let me rephrase that, Cammy talked to me, said her piece, and I listened."
Beth looked up at Bear. 
"Cammy wanted me to know that she is not in love with me... can't love me. That was it. But that's not all of it. People think that we are together, and I haven't, she hasn't, corrected that. But the truth is that there is nothing there. Hasn't been. She was with someone else when we met. Long story, but she lost that person. I went through something bad too... lost someone I loved, the same as most of us did. She wanted me to know she's not ready to meet someone else. But we're not together, so Iris can say what Iris wants to say. Doesn't matter... Can't cause me problems."
Beth took a sip from the pint and passed it to Bear.
Bear sipped deeply. "Wow." He handed the bottle back, reached into his top pocket, pulled his pouch free and rolled a cigarette. He motioned to the pouch and looked at Beth.
"Please," Beth said.
"Shit will kill you," Bear warned.
"Yeah, well," Beth laughed and looked around. "I'm pretty scared."
"Guess I feel the same. If I didn't, I would have tossed this crap." He rolled a second cigarette and handed it to Beth. A second later he scratched a match to life and lit both cigarettes. He blew gray-blue smoke into the air. They walked in silence for a time.
"Let's get to where we're going and then sort this out," Beth said. She looked over at Bear.
"Alright, that's fair," Bear agreed.
"Yeah... No sweat," she added.
Bear nodded.
"Yet," Beth added with a laugh. She took a sip from the bottle and then passed it back to Bear.
Bear chuckled, took another deep pull from the bottle, felt the fire roll down into his stomach and then passed it back. "Yet," he agreed.
September 15th: Evening
The Nation 
Candace let her fingers trail along the flat plane of Mike's stomach. "I had a flat stomach once," she said.
Mike shifted, and his own hand traced the heavy swell of Candace's stomach "I'm pretty happy with the remodeling job you had done."
Candace laughed. "You are a smart ass. I think you had quite a lot to do with this remodeling job."
"Hmm, I vaguely remember it."
Candace gave him a shot in the arm. "Vaguely?"
"I'm going to miss you when we go tomorrow," Mike said, suddenly serious.
Candace said nothing for a second. "I could say, then don't go, but that wouldn't make you stay; so I don't want to talk about tomorrow morning. That's tomorrow. I'll deal with it then. This is tonight. Tonight you're right here, so am I." She looked up at him. Her fingers went back to trailing across his stomach.
~
"And you tell Mike that if you come back messed up, he's dead," Patty said.
"Mike is not responsible for me," Ronnie said.
"Yes, he is. I told him. He knows. If he brings you back messed up, I'm going to kick his ass."
Ronnie laughed.
"Oh, that's laughable? You find the idea of me kicking Mike's ass laughable?"
"No, I find the idea of someone as pregnant as you are right now kicking anyone’s ass funny."
She punched him in the arm.
"Ouch. Son of gun... Damn you punch hard, Babe," Ronnie complained. He rubbed at his arm.
"Oh? But I thought you said it was laughable?"
"Okay... Okay... Christ. Mike better watch out, I guess."
"Exactly. He better. Now... you said something about spending time with me?"
"Yes," Ronnie agreed.
"Well, here I am," Patty said.
###







*******
Free Preview of The Zombie Killers Book One
*******
CHAPTER ONE
September 16th
The Old State Campgrounds
The state park sign was overgrown, sun faded and leaning at the side of the road.
The four trucks sat idling just inside the treeline of the old narrow road that lead down into the campground. The drivers door of the second truck in line popped open, and Beth,  wearing military style fatigues and carrying a wire stock machine pistol, walked up to the driver's side of the lead truck and tapped on the glass.
Billy looked up from the map he was reading. “Beth, Just checking out this map. I think this is right.” His finger jabbed at a spot on the map that had been circled with red ink. "This used to be a state park. It's early. I thought we should stop, plan where we go next."
"Good a place as any, I guess," Beth said. She looked up, staring down along the gloomy road and into the abandoned campground.
“What?” Billy asked.
Beth shook her head. “Nerves are on edge, Billy. I just thought I heard something.”
She smiled and turned back to Billy where he sat, map spread across his lap, the truck idling in park.
“But it doesn't feel right. That's why I stopped here, didn't drive down in. Feels funny,” Billy told her.
“The location?”
Another truck door opened on the third truck back and Bear strode toward the front. He left the door hanging ajar. Halfway between the lead vehicle and his own he lifted his arms up into the air and shrugged his shoulders. “What's the deal?” He asked in a deep bass voice.
The window on the last truck rolled down, the electric motor whining as it dropped. Mac stuck his head out of the window. “What the fuck, Bear?” he asked.
Bear stopped and turned. He shrugged his massive shoulders once more. “Something with Billy and Beth.” He turned and began walking back to the the lead truck once more.
In The Park
The old state park appeared empty at first glance, but the dead were there, hidden among the trees, scenting the air with their eyes. The day was overcast. The late afternoon sky was swollen with rain clouds that seemed ready to burst at any minute, contributing to the gloom within the trees.
The sounds of vehicles on the highway had come to them, and they had faded further back into the dark of the forest as the vehicles came closer, slowed and then turned down onto the overgrown dirt road that lead into the old park area.
The hive kept the road cleared. The highway was one of a few in the area that was still in good shape and brought the hive a near constant supply of the living. And a constant supply of the living brought constant growth to the hive as those that once lived became those newly risen to death in their ranks.
Further down the logging trails that led away from the old state park area was a graveyard of vehicles of all types. It was where they took them to dispose of them. It kept the old park area open and gave no reason for alarm to any of the travelers that stopped there.
One stepped from the trees now, tall, thin. He walked with a slight limp, a leftover from the leg that had at one time been entirely gone. His name had been Marcus in the old life. In the world of the dead, he had no name, yet he was still known, respected, followed. He walked down into a cleared area just out of the tree line and scented the air.
With this new life came new abilities, and old abilities used in new ways.
The respiratory system no longer worked. The heart beat in a strange new way, circulating a new type of blood throughout a body that had begun to change from the moment that death's decay had begun to set in, some change in chemistry that he did not pretend to understand on any level.
He could not draw breath to scent the air. His eyes picked up the scents from the air, and the scents painted a picture more complete than any of his old senses could have given.
They told him several things now. The vehicles were stopped a short distance from the entrance. He could smell them, sense their feelings, although not precisely their thoughts or words. He moved his head slightly and scented... ten... maybe eleven... parked at the side of the road.
Something had sparked fear within them, and it was running wild, building on the panic that seemed to be always just under the surface of the living. Fear and Panic. Things he no longer lived with, conditions that did not exist in this new life.
The tale the scent told him was that they may well move on. Something they had sensed with their limited abilities had caused them concern. He cocked his head slightly. A second later he moved forward and broke into an easy lope, first on the dirt road, then into the trees angling for the highway slightly behind where the scent told him the vehicles had stopped. The others fell in behind him. 
No words passed between them, but a kind of telepathy existed. What one knew, the others could know. And although they may not move without Marcus, they still knew, still felt the things he did. They were not mindless idiots, but loyal soldiers.
~
Beth lifted her eyes from the map just as the first of the UN-dead broke from the trees behind the back of the last truck.
“Jesus! Jesus, Billy... Dead!” She shrugged her machine pistol off her shoulder and caught it with both hands. She was already moving toward the back vehicles. In front of her, Bear was turning away from her, back toward the rear, his massive frame blocking her view. Somewhere towards the back truck someone began to scream. Iris, she thought, it was Iris who was screaming. 
She found herself running at that point. Her legs pumping effortlessly, the adrenaline surging through her veins. Iris was in the truck with Mac.
She had no sooner had the thought then she heard another voice began to scream. She couldn't place it, but as she rounded Bear, catching up and passing him, she saw that two zombies had Mac on the ground, tearing chunks from his arms as he tried to fight them off.
“Beth!” Billy screamed from behind her. “Right. Your right!”
She had been just about to fire at the two zombies attacking Mac, and so even as she turned, she did not turn her pistol completely, but kept it aimed to the front towards Mac and the two zombies. By the time she registered how close the three zombies were to her, there was no time to turn the pistol and fire. They were nearly on her. She had no more registered their faces, jaws wide, teeth gnashing - she had not even had the time to worry about her own fate yet - when the lead zombie's head blew apart in a spray of black blood and bone. 
She blinked involuntarily and managed to bring her pistol around as the two remaining zombies tried to reverse direction in mid stride. Their eyes were wild, trapped looking. She brought up the pistol and pulled the trigger.
Nothing happened, and her heart staggered in her chest. The safety... the fucking safety, her mind screamed, and that was when another zombie hit her from the side and she went sprawling onto the dirt road. There were two more on her before she could get turned over. She felt the first bite to her arm and ignored it, as she concentrated on getting the safety off the pistol she had somehow managed to hold onto as she fell.
The passenger door on the second truck flew open, and Scotty jumped from the truck, machine pistol spiting fire as he ran. The gunfire all along the road was crazy. It had instantly become a war zone. Scotty made it halfway around the hood of the truck when he stepped into a crossfire and his head exploded, spraying across the hood of the truck.
Bear sprayed the woods with his machine pistol. The dead had all come from the same direction, and once he had focused on them, it had been easy to mow them down. They began to slow, some turning to run back into the woods, some standing as if they didn't know what to do. Bear launched himself away from the truck fender he had been leaning against and began to run at them, firing as he went, a scream building from his throat.
Billy had staggered to a stop just past the end of his rear bumper. He had watched Scotty come into his line of fire, and he had instantly let loose of his trigger, but it had been too late. He was in shock and time seemed to slow to a crawl. His eyes swiveled back around, and he saw that Beth was pinned to the ground by two zombies. He yelled and charged the zombies, raising the stock of his rifle, smashing in the back of the head of the first zombie, kicking the other aside with a hard shot to the ribs and spraying him with a short burst that took his head from his shoulders after he had rolled a short distance across the ground.
~
Marcus had stopped at the last truck and dragged the young man inside through the open window. Two more joined him and pulled him the rest of the way out of the truck. 
Marcus lunged through the open window and fastened his teeth on Iris's throat as she tried to fight him off, and the inside of the truck became a slaughter house. He was so engrossed in feeding, that he did not see the machine pistols barrel as it thrust through the open window a few minutes later. He only barely felt it as it bit into the back of his head. Bear pulled the trigger, and his head blew apart. Iris stopped screaming.
Something happened to the remaining zombies after Bear killed Marcus. It was like a switch had been flipped in every one of them at the same time. 
They stopped in mid stride, tried to turn back to the woods, but the machine pistols mowed then down where they stood or as they turned to run. Bear, Billy and Beth were on their feet moving in a loose line toward the wooded area once again. 
Behind them, Cammy, Jamie and Winston, who had stayed in the trucks with the children, came out now and joined them. The gunfire held strong for a few moments, and then everything stopped at once. The last zombies fell or managed to get far enough into the woods as to no longer be seen.
Silence crashed down all along the road. It held for what seemed like minutes. The swirling haze of smoke from the gunfire hung heavy in the late afternoon air. The headlights of the trucks cut through it, making it dance through the blue-white beams of light. The overcast sky and the sudden silence made it seem as though night had arrived all at once. There was very little to hear in the silence: the still running trucks, a scratching, scrabbling sound as one of the undead tried to crawl off the road and into the woods. Beth turned shakily from the woods, her face hard, set. She pulled her knife from her side sheath, took a few steps and straddled the zombie. She reached down, grabbed his hair, pulled his head back as he snapped and snarled, trying to reach her with his teeth. The knife flashed as she embedded it into the side of his head. She thrust one booted foot against his head and pulled her knife free, letting his head fall into the dirt. She pulled a rag from her pocket and cinched it tightly around her arm, cutting off the blood flow.
The silence held for a second longer, and then Beth began to sob as she sank down to the ground.
The Nation
The barn was shadowed and cool after the hot sun in the valley. The entire Nation was digging potatoes. Lilly, Patty and Candace were grounded from the heavy work, but they had walked down from the main cave and watched them at work on their way to the barn to collect eggs for Jan. 
Candace had truly believed that after Mike and Ronnie left, Sandy would allow them to go back to some sort of light work. It would have proven she had only grounded them to make sure they did not go on the expedition to the outside. Maybe she had been wrong though, she thought now. Sandy had not changed her mind.
"What I want to know," Lilly said, "is what is the difference between picking eggs up or digging potatoes?"
"The potatoes don't have crap all over them," Patty said.
Lilly laughed.
"Not really though, right?" Candace asked.
"What do I win?" Patty asked.
Candace slugged her in the arm. "It wasn't a contest. Besides, you forgot to answer in the form of a question."
"What is, the potatoes don't have crap all over them, Alex?" Lilly asked.
"Lilly wins," Candace said.
"Wow," Patty said. "You guys cheat so bad."
"So, for real, do the chickens lay the eggs and then leave them? We come along and just pick them up? And, they're not really covered with crap, right?" Candace asked.
"You know, later you're coming down with me to get fresh rabbits for dinner," Patty reminded her. "I expect you to know all about the modern farm by dinner this evening." She smiled at Candace's sarcastic grin. "Okay, the chicken lays the egg and then sits on it. You have to move the chicken to get the egg."
"Oh... Great," Candace said.
"It's not so bad," Lilly said. "Tom brought me down a few times. Just act like you have a right to be there. Reach right in, move the chicken over and take the eggs."
"Crap on toast. I suck at this sort of stuff," Candace complained.
Lilly laughed. "Where does Crap On Toast come from? You and Arlene have the funniest sayings I have ever heard."
"Okay," Patty said. They faced the line of baskets and the wire mesh door to the chicken roost. Across the barn, the rabbits had a whole section to themselves. "Grab a basket and a pair of gloves."
Candace picked up one of the pairs of gloves. They were heavy leather, stiff. She put them back and picked up a basket. "Oh," she set the basket back and picked up another. "Wow. These baskets are not too clean, Pats," She showed Patty one of the baskets.
Patty took a basket, looked at it and then handed it to Candace. "It's a basket for collecting eggs, Candy." She turned it over and a few feathers drifted out of it.
Candace looked into the basket. "It's got crap in it." She looked closer. "It looks like chicken crap to me."
"It is," Patty said.
"Well, I was thinking, clean eggs in a basket that has chicken crap in it?"
Lilly began to laugh. Patty choked back her own laughter.
"What?" Candace asked.
"Oh, God. Don't you make me pee myself, Candy," Lilly said.
"But what!?"
"Okay," Patty said. She bit back her own laughter. "I guess it's not funny. You don't know anything about eggs. Are you sure you want to come down here later to get the rabbits for dinner?"
Candace sighed. "No, but I have to learn sometime. So where have I got it wrong with the eggs?"
"Honey, it's easier to show you. Here," she handed her the basket and then a pair of the stiff leather gloves.
"I'll skip the gloves," Candace said. "I can't even flex my fingers in them. I'll never be able to grab an egg." She tossed the heavy gloves onto the nearby bench top
Patty shook her head, grabbed a pair of gloves and a basket and then opened the door and stepped into the chicken coop. Lilly stepped in behind her and closed the door.
"Christ, chickens stink," Candace complained.
"They do. Used to be dinosaurs," Lilly said.
"Jesus, a two story tall chicken. But chickens don't seem mean enough to be a dinosaur."
"Oh, they're mean bastards," Patty said. "Don't kid yourself. So," she slipped on a glove, reached in and under the chicken, and came out with an egg. "Just like that." She dropped the egg in her basket.
"Okay," Candace stepped to the next chicken, plunged her hand under the chicken and then pulled it back with the egg. "There's another egg under there,"she said as she dropped the egg into her basket. She looked at her hand. "Eww," she looked at the egg in the basket. "There's chicken shit all over the egg and my hand," she held her hand up, but Patty and Lilly were both hanging onto each other laughing so hard they couldn't catch their breath.
"Oh my God," Lilly complained.
"Patty tried to stop laughing, but Candace was still standing, her hand splayed, looking at the streaks of chicken shit that now adorned it. "I tried to tell you... I tried..." She gave up and pushed Candace back out through the door, closed it, laughing harder as she walked away to the trough that entered the barn. She picked up a steel cup and filled it with water after tipping the trough to get the water to flow clear. She picked up a sliver of lye soap and walked back to Candace. 
"Hold your hands out." She waited until she did and then poured the water over them as Candace worked them together. She handed her a piece of lye soap. The soap was iffy, more likely to burn than anything else. Candace grimaced as she worked some of the soap into both hands. Patty poured the rest of the water over her hands. "Don't touch your eyes for awhile," Lilly reminded her. She had managed to stop laughing, as had Patty.
"Okay," Patty said. "For real. You have to wear the gloves. Eggs have shit on them. They come that way, and sometimes the chickens will peck you as you're taking the egg. They don't always take that well. Other than that, you did good."
"I didn't know chicken eggs had shit on them," Candace said.
"You grew up somewhere where you never had to deal with real eggs I guess," Lilly said. "I grew up in Watertown and I still gathered eggs a few times."
Candace frowned. "Never picked - gathered - eggs before. Okay... I imagine this is stupid. Why do the eggs have crap on them? Because the chicken is sitting on them? Do they always have crap on them? I may never look at eggs the same again."
Lilly chuckled along with Patty. "Okay," Lilly said. "Chickens don't have, um, a separate vagina. Chickens have one canal, so to speak. It all comes out one hole."
"Jesus. That's messed up."
"Probably be bad if you weren’t a chicken. But the chickens don't seem to mind," Lilly said.
Candace tugged the glove up her arm. "She has me murdering rabbits later."
Lilly looked at Patty. "She wants to learn how to do it," Patty told her.
"Mike thinks that I need to learn," Candace frowned and stuck out her lower lip.
"Oh stop. She wants to impress him, so she's learning. We'll be coming right back here tomorrow to prepare chickens... fresh chickens."
Candace frowned. "Murdering rabbits tonight, chickens tomorrow." She went to the next chicken, reached in and under the chicken and pulled her hand out with the egg in the glove. She slipped the egg into her basket and then went back to the first chicken. "There was another egg under this one," Candace said as she slipped her hand beneath the chicken. She started to pull her hand back when the chicken suddenly erupted into the air. Candace screamed and jumped back, crushing the egg in her gloved hand.
Lilly was on the hay covered floor, holding Patty and rolling back and forth, laughing uncontrollably
Candace looked at the yolk and chicken shit dripping off her glove. "Can't wait for the rabbits," she said. Patty and Lilly went off into fresh gales of laughter.
###
ABOUT THE SERIES CREATOR AND AUTHOR
Wendell Sweet wrote his first fiction at age seventeen. He drove taxi and worked as a carpenter for most of his life. He began working on the internet in 1989 primarily in HTML, graphics and website optimizations. He spent time on the streets as a drug addicted teen as well as time in prison. He was Honorably discharged from the service in 1974.
He is a Musician who writes his own music as well as lyrics. He is an Artist accomplished in Graphite, Pen, and Digital media. He has written more than twenty books for the Earth's Survivors series, many of which are unpublished, and several dozen short stories.
You can find out more at:
independantwriters.com
or
Learn more at: 
www.wendellsweet.com
All music, lyrics, artwork or additional written materials attributed to characters in novels or on the website, unless otherwise noted, are Copyright © independAntwriters
