Dreamstone

By: Ben L. Hughes

Copyright 2014 Ben L. Hughes
Edited By: Jen Hughes & Lynn Cummings

In Loving Memory of Guy E. Ward (1921-2004)
United States Army Air Corps 1596th AAF Base Unit (1942-1945)

Email: kelso1901@yahoo.com


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
The Facts Behind the Fiction
About the Author
My Other Books
Chapter 1
A sharp screech pierced through the pre-dawn silence waking Matt from his slumber. Intrigued by the unfamiliar sound, he unzipped the flap of his tent and peered out into the pale blue sky. His eyes immediately trained upon a large falcon circling effortlessly above him. Its formidable wingspan cut effortlessly through the cold morning air leading Matt to wonder if the raptor was curious about their campsite, or just annoyed by the presence of humans in its desert habitat. As Matt looked on, the majestic bird folded back its wings and then dove from the sky disappearing behind a clump of sagebrush. A moment later, it reemerged atop a rocky outcrop across from Matt’s tent clutching a small rodent in its razor sharp talons. Then the falcon screeched again as if to proclaim a successful hunt before flying off to enjoy its meal in private.
After Matt was sure the bird was gone, he pulled the flap of his tent the rest of the way open and walked over to the edge of the overlook where he and his friends had set up their camp the night before. As he gazed out over the Panamint Valley, he could see its long slender outline was clearly defined by the Argus Hills to the west and the towering Panamint Range to the east. A range so formidable that he could see isolated pockets of snow interspersed along its jagged gray peaks. A frozen paradox that seemed to mock the hot and arid desert below, yet served as a reminder that the mountains, not the desert, defined the harsh landscape they had come to visit.
A gentle rustling sound shifted Matt’s attention away from the stunning views and back to the campsite where his friends were still lounging in their tents.
“Good morning Melissa, good morning Greg,” he announced in a cheerful voice as he walked over to greet them.
“Good morning,” Melissa replied as she poked her head out of her tent just long enough to respond to him.
Greg’s reply was less welcoming, consisting only of illegible grunts that indicated he was not a morning person.
After seeing that his friends were not quite ready to get up yet, Matt headed back to the overlook and sat on a large flat rock so he could watch the sunrise. Within minutes the cold dark voids of the valley below were transformed into vibrant pastels bursting with light and form. Then as the sun slowly edged up over the Panamints, its rays illuminated a small cluster of burnt-orange sandstone hills nestled against their base. With the veil of darkness lifted, Matt could see the labyrinth of winding canyons that had been etched deep into soft sandstone. To the layman it was a beautiful and mysterious feat of nature, but to Matt it was a geological masterpiece, formed over the ages, as the mighty Panamints shed their unwanted wind and water down upon the hills. Seeing the canyons made the lecture that his Teacher Mr. Wilson gave last week come to life. It had been a fascinating presentation about the Timbisha Tribe who called the harshest place in America their home. A location that Mr. Wilson fondly described as, “Magical, mystical, and containing some of the most exceptional petroglyphs in the region… a must see for anyone interested in Native American cultures and art. A place once called ‘a gateway to the gods’ by the Timbisha when they lived there.” After the lecture Matt and his friends Melissa and Greg decided they should come see the petroglyphs in person and then design their final class presentation around their meaning and significance. Officially, Melissa and Greg were both Anthropology majors, but Greg had changed his major so many times that Matt doubted the Anthropology thing would stick for very long. In Matt’s eyes, Greg seemed to be drifting through life without any direction or concern about what would happen next. In some ways Matt was jealous of that freedom, but he also knew that he could never be comfortable with such fluid boundaries. Melissa on the other hand was stable and well rounded. She was athletic and confident, and Matt could not help but admire her in every measurable way.
As Matt’s thoughts drifted around randomly, a small alkali lake near the center of the valley caught his attention when the sun’s rays started to shimmer and twinkle off its reflective surface. As he gazed down at the glistening water, he noticed a faint shadow over the lake and instinctively looked into the sky to see what was casting it.
“That’s odd,” he thought to himself after a few moments of searching the area above the lake without seeing anything. Then he glanced at the lake to try and determine if what he thought was a shadow was actually some algae floating on the water’s surface.
“Hum?” he muttered under his breath after concluding that the phenomenon was not the cause of the shadow. Still perplexed, he lifted his hand up to his brow to shield his eyes from the sun, and suddenly realized that there was a large silvery object hovering over the lake. Not one to be tricked by a simple mirage, Matt immediately squinted his eyes to further sharpen the image, and as he did so, he could clearly see the mysterious object was definitely not a figment of his imagination. In fact, it almost seemed like the object was reflecting the sunlight in such a way as to mirror the lake in appearance. Matt blinked several times as he tried to find comfort in a logical explanation for what he was seeing, but nothing rational came to mind. Realizing that he needed some form of proof of what he was seeing, he quickly reached into his pocket and pulled out his camera to take some pictures.
Then, after he was sure he had documented the event, he yelled out, “Melissa, Greg, come quick!”
“What is it?” Melissa asked, sensing the urgency in his voice.
“There is something hovering over the lake,” he replied in an apprehensive tone.
Melissa ran over to the edge of the overlook and peered in the direction that he was pointing.
“Do you see it?” he asked anxiously.
“No,” she replied as Greg came stumbling over next to her.
“What’s going on?” he asked as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
“Look at the lake,” Matt insisted. “There is a shadow on it, and just above the surface there is an object hovering in the sky.”
Melissa and Greg both stared intently at the lake as Matt impatiently waited for them to confirm the sighting.
“All I see is the sunlight reflecting off the water,” Melissa responded sympathetically. Then a split second later she saw the curved outline of a large object floating above the lake for a moment. A shiver ran down her spine as she turned towards Matt and asked in an unsettled tone, “What was that?” Matt continued to stare straight ahead and did not immediately answer her question. “What was that!” she asked again in a more demanding tone.
“I don’t know,” Matt replied nervously as the object faded in and out, as if trying to perfect its deception.
“It’s just a mirage,” Greg interrupted, even though he hadn’t actually seen what they were talking about.
“I don’t think so,” Melissa replied hesitantly.
“I don’t see anything,” Greg insisted.
“I think you might need glasses,” Matt interjected jokingly as he glanced over at Greg.
Greg frowned and then kicked at a large boulder that was perched near the edge of the overlook in response to his comment. The rock immediately started rolling down the hill after being dislodged by the blow. Matt looked on apprehensively as the noise from it echoed through the air, drawing attention to their location. As the boulder gained momentum, it dislodged smaller rocks in its path and formed a trail of dust behind it. Once the boulder reached the halfway point on the hill, Matt noticed the shadow over the lake started moving in their direction. Melissa noticed it too, and quickly stepped back from the edge of the overlook, unsettled by the fact that the object seemed to have purpose and intent.
“What’s wrong?” Greg asked in response to her reaction.
“It’s coming this way!” Melissa replied, not knowing if they should run, or if that would only draw its attention towards them instead of the boulder which was nearing the bottom of the long hill.
“Don’t move!” Matt responded in a quiet, but firm voice. “I think it’s reacting to sound and motion.” Then as he and Melissa nervously watched it, the shadow faded away after leaving the margins of the lake.
“Is it gone?” Melissa asked.
“I guess,” Matt replied as he continued to stare apprehensively at the area between the boulder and the lake’s edge
“What do think that thing was?” Melissa asked, hoping Matt might have come up with a reasonable answer now that the object was gone.
“I told you it was just a mirage,” Greg interrupted.
“A mirage?” Matt scoffed. “The object deliberately moved when you kicked the rock down the hill,” he added.
“Oh boy, you’ve seen way too many episodes of Star Trek,” Greg replied with a sarcastic laugh.
“Ha-ha,” Matt retorted. 
“I saw it too,” Melissa contended, but Greg only responded by rolling his eyes at her.
“I’m sure it was just some kind of atmospheric phenomenon,” he replied.
“Perhaps,” Melissa agreed half-heartedly, not wanting to see an argument erupt over the incident. Matt shook his head at Greg, but kept quiet. He respected their friendship and figured the sighting was not worth ruining the rest of the trip.
Greg glanced at the lake and then rolled his eyes again, before heading back to his tent. Melissa paused for a moment to give Matt a chance to comment about the situation, but his reluctant smile indicated he didn’t have an answer. Melissa smiled back and then turned to go back to her tent.
Matt continued to stare down at the lake for a few minutes, half thinking it would be cool to see the object again, but also relieved he did not. Then as he was about to leave the overlook, Melissa came back over to him holding out a large bag of cashews.
“Thanks,” he said, as he reached in and took a few.
“You’re welcome,” she replied with a reassuring smile. The kind of smile that said, ‘everything is okay, and whatever we saw it’s not worth worrying about’.
“Why does everything taste better when you’re camping?” Matt commented.
“Because when you’re camping, you have time to actually enjoy the taste of the food,” Melissa replied, “I also think that when you’re camping, your senses open up and as a result, you notice all the subtleties of life that are often missed in the hustle and bustle we are so accustomed to. Try not to laugh, but I get this inexplicable spiritual feeling when I am camping, it’s something I don’t feel in the city,’ she added.
“I feel that too,” he replied so softly that he wasn’t sure if she heard him. Then he started thinking about his own connection to the outdoors and how he loved that geology was one of the few sciences that required lots of field work. He liked how it enhanced his understanding of how things formed, changed, and reformed into new things. Geology was the science of transformation, from the rearrangement of molecules on the atomic scale, all the way up to the formation of planets, solar systems, and galaxies. Matt planned on becoming a geology teacher after he graduated, that way he could spend the summer break exploring geological sites around the world. It was a dream that stretched back as far as he could remember.
“What are you thinking about?” Melissa asked as they sat there enjoying the view of the Panamints.
“Nothing much... just taking it all in,” he replied with a smile as he glanced over at her. Melissa smiled back, and for some reason it reminded him of the day her family moved next door to his when he was still in grade school. It was a warm summer day, and while he was out playing in the sand pile, this sweet little girl climbed through a hedge of junipers that separated their yards and introduced herself. It was the start of a friendship that had endured through the years. He wished he could repay the countless times she used to get him to laugh when he was feeling down, and encourage him when he was having trouble in school. He felt a connection to her unlike anyone else he had ever met, and she was a true friend in every measurable way. Over the years he watched her mature and grow into an incredible person, someone who seemed destined for greatness. He always pictured her going off to some Ivy League college, but the day she told him that she was going to stay in Arcadia and attend Humboldt University, he felt relieved. It was as if some inevitable dark event in his life had been avoided. He knew that Humboldt was famous for its natural science curriculums, but he never imagined that Melissa would stay so close to home.
Matt’s daydream came to an abrupt end when Greg whistled loudly and said, “Hey, are you two ready to get going?”
“Yeah,” Matt replied, as he and Melissa got up and returned to their tents to pack up their things.
After a few minutes of rushing around, Matt slung on his backpack and buckled down the waist band. “Alright, I’m ready,” he announced.
“Me too,” Melissa added a moment later. 
“What do you think is the best way to get over to the canyons,” Greg asked as the three of them looked out over the Panamint Valley.
“Down the slope and straight across is the most direct route,” Matt replied with a hit of hesitation. He knew this path would take them by the area where they had seen the mystery object earlier that day.
“Okay,” Greg replied.
“Are you sure that’s the best way to get there?” Melissa asked in a tone that indicated she was a bit concerned by the intended route.
“I don’t think we can make it to the canyons before nightfall if we circle around to the south,” Matt remarked without mentioning the lake.
“Alright…I would really like to make it to the petroglyphs before dark,” Melissa admitted as she started heading down the hill towards the lake.
“Me too,” Greg exclaimed as he followed after her. Matt lingered behind for a moment to survey the area around the alkali lake one last time to make sure the mystery object was gone. Then he headed down after them.
“I don’t remember which of the canyons Mr. Wilson said the petroglyphs were in?” Matt asked when he caught up to Melissa.
“As I remember, he said they were along the upper canyon walls wherever the desert patina was still intact,” Melissa noted.
‘As you remember…’ Matt laughed under his breath knowing full well that Melissa’s memory was virtually infallible, especially when it had anything to do with archaeology.
“Where are you going?” Melissa asked in a worried tone as Matt suddenly took off down the side of the slope towards a rocky outcrop.
“I’m just going to take a quick look at that formation,” Matt replied as he made the talus laden incline seem like a well-groomed path. She knew Matt was remarkably agile on rocky terrain and paused for a moment to watch him jump with pinpoint accuracy from one spot to another. It was a skill that had earned him the nickname ‘rock hopper’ by his fellow geology buddies. A name she liked to tease him with at times like this.
“What did the rock hopper find?” she jested when he reached the jagged white formation that protruded out of the ground several feet.
“Nothing much… just a small siliceous epithermal vein devoid of any interesting minerals,” he remarked.
Melissa laughed. She knew exactly what he was talking about, but it was amusing when he tried to use scientific jargon to impress her.
“So, you found some quartz,” she responded with a smile. Matt nodded and then moved on.
Once they reached the bottom, Matt paused to wipe his brow as he gazed out across the valley. “The sandstone hills look a lot farther away from down here,” he commented.
“Do you think we can reach them before dark?” Melissa questioned optimistically.
“I think so,” Matt answered as he surveyed the valley north and south as far as he could see.
“Luckily we only have to cross the narrow west to east part to reach the petroglyphs,” Greg interjected before heading off towards the alkali lake.
Melissa and Matt exchanged glances that indicated their reluctance to pass so close to the lake, but then they sighed and moved on.
As they walked along, Matt started daydreaming about the history of the area. He remembered reading that in the late 1800’s the surrounding mountains had once drawn miners by the thousands to its rich copper and silver deposits. He tried to imagine what life must have been like back in those forgotten boomtowns. Towns like Darwin and Ballarat that were once filled with fortune hunters eager to strike it rich. It was a time when the miners chiseled away at the precious ore by day, and spent their earnings in the saloons and whore houses at night. All of that was gone, but to the trained eye a few clues still remained; a rusted square nail, a purple chip of glass, some faded boards that marked the location of an old homestead reclaimed by the desert.
“The lake is further away than it appeared from the campsite,” Melissa remarked as she walked alongside Matt.
“Yeah, I noticed that too, but we’re not too far from it now,” he added as he looked ahead.
Melissa nodded in agreement, and then took a sip from her water bottle. “I guess it’s going to be a hot one.”
“I think you’re right,” Matt acknowledged. “Our cool morning breeze seems to have been replaced by dead air.”
“Interesting choice of words,” Melissa remarked as they neared the western edge of the alkali lake.
Matt paused momentarily to look at its seemingly innocent border, and then into the deep blue sky.
“What are you looking for?” Greg snickered.
“Nothing,” Matt replied.
“You seem a little distracted,” Greg added in a suspicious tone.
“Nope, just enjoying the view,” Matt insisted.
“Really? Because I think you’re looking for something,” Greg asserted.
“Stop being a weenie!” Melissa interrupted in Matt’s defense.
“Come on, I’m just joking with him,” Greg contended. Then he turned and knelt down next to the lake and put his hand into the cool water.
“Don’t you dare splash me,” Melissa warned.
“I wasn’t,” he replied in a voice that indicated otherwise. Then he withdrew his hand and let a few drops of the liquid fall onto his tongue.
“Oh yuck, that’s the nastiest water ever,” he announced while spitting the caustic mixture onto the ground.
“It’s not potable,” Matt laughed. “It’s loaded with potassium, sodium, and boron salts you big dummy.”
“I know that,” Greg retorted. “I wasn’t going to drink it. I just wanted to know what alkali water actually tasted like.”
“Do you want me to get you a cup of it so you can try some?” Matt asked jokingly as he looked over at Melissa.
“No thanks, I’m good with the water I have,” she replied with a smile. “Perhaps Greg would like to take some with him though?”
“Nope, I’m good,” he chuckled after rinsing his mouth out with some fresh water. Then, when no one was looking, Matt reached down and tasted a drop of the alkali water for himself. It was so bitter and metallic tasting that he instantly gagged and spit up saliva.
“What’s wrong,” Melissa asked when she noticed he seemed to be gagging.
“Oh nothing... just accidently swallowed a small bug,” he replied. Melissa winced and then continued on.
After a few hours, Melissa paused next to a small creosote bush and then took off her backpack.
“Is everything okay?” Matt questioned.
“Yeah, I just need a minute to get a drink and reorganize the items in my pack. Something keeps poking me in the side and I’m tired of it,” she added with an irritated look.
Matt nodded and then stared at the canyons while Melissa fixed her pack.
“How much further do you think it is?” she asked after she finished what she was doing.
“I’m not sure,” he replied. “Five or six more miles perhaps? It’s kind of difficult to judge the distance without trees or buildings as points of reference.”
“The desert is full of optical illusions,” Greg added in a mystical voice while looking over his shoulder at Matt. Matt did not respond, but he was planning some payback later that night. He had not forgotten how Greg liked to tease him when Melissa was around, so he brought along a rubber tarantula affectionately named ‘Mr. Crawly’. It was a special friend that had found its way into Greg’s life on many other occasions. Matt chuckled under his breath just thinking about the last time Mr. Crawly made an appearance. It was spring break and Greg had passed out from partying the night before. When Matt found him the next morning, he tucked Mr. Crawly under his pillow. It wasn’t long before Greg came running out of his dorm room screaming like a little girl wearing nothing but underwear.
“What are you giggling about?” Melissa whispered.
Matt held his finger to his lips and then pulled Mr. Crawly part way out of his pocket for her to see. Melissa smiled and then shook her head disapprovingly. It was clear that she wasn’t going to participate in the prank, but she still thought it was funny how they teased each other back and forth.
“What are you two whispering and giggling about?” Greg asked as he glanced back at them.
“Oh nothing,” Matt replied.
“You’re not still going on about that mirage are you?” he questioned.
“For the hundredth time, it wasn’t a mirage!” Matt responded passionately.
“Okay,” Greg acknowledged as he continued on without teasing him further.
When they reached the outer edge of the alluvial fan that drained the sandstone hills, Matt noticed small angular fragments of reddish-orange rock intermixed with darker gray gravels washed down from the Panamints. It was a geological marker indicating that they were almost there. Melissa and Greg realized it too, but not from the changes in the unconsolidated strata. They simply looked ahead at the hills and could see they were not more than a mile away.
Melissa, eager to get to the canyons before nightfall, started walking at an increasingly fast pace.
“What’s the rush?” Greg questioned, knowing full well what she was doing.
“I want to find some petroglyphs before we have to set up camp for the night,” she replied.
Greg nodded and then quickened his pace to match hers. Matt sped up a little to keep up with the two of them. Then as the afternoon heat was thwarted by the returning breeze, he noticed that Melissa’s long jet-black hair was gently flowing in the wind. Matt glanced away, but he could not deny that her unusually dark hair complimented her light complexion and piercing blue eyes perfectly. Even as he tried to think about something else, his mind kept coming back to her soulful eyes. They just seemed to have such endless depth and striking beauty, they were unlike anything he had ever seen. Matt’s daydream came to an abrupt end as a bead of sweat ran down his brow and into his own eye, stinging it for a second. Then as he paused for a second to wipe his face, he noticed a dark band of clouds forming along the Panamints taller peaks. “I think we might get a thunder shower this evening,” he announced.
“Maybe we should setup camp early,” Greg suggested. “I hate putting up my tent in the rain.”
“I would prefer not to camp out in the open,” Melissa declared as she looked over at each of them. “If you boys think there’s a storm coming, then maybe we should speed it up a little.”
Greg looked at Matt and then over at Melissa, and without a word the race was on. Greg took off running first, followed by Matt, and then Melissa after she cinched down her pack. After a few hundred yards, Matt could hear her laughing as she came up from behind.
“Show off,” he joked as she overtook him. Melissa smiled and then headed for Greg. A few minutes later, she overtook Greg, who slowed down to talk to Matt after conceding his defeat.
“She kicked our butts!” he admitted between gasps for air.
“I guess we should have known better,” Matt added. “Four years on the track and she was never defeated.”
“True, but being beaten by a girl still hurts,” Greg remarked as he rubbed his burning calf muscles.
Melissa continued on until she reached the base of the sandstone formation where she patiently waited for the two of them to catch up.”
“Hello,” she announced in a victorious tone, as Greg walked past her without responding.
“I don’t think he likes to lose,” Matt whispered.
“Yeah, I probably shouldn’t have beaten him so badly,” Melissa replied.
“I wouldn’t worry about it too much, his ego will recover,” Matt said with a smile.
“That’s true,” Melissa replied as if referring to some past event.
“Well, I guess we should spread out and see if we can find a good place to set up camp,” Matt remarked after noticing the ever darkening sky.
“Really, it’s going to rain while we’re visiting the driest place on earth!” Melissa shrugged. 
“I think so,” Matt replied sympathetically. Melissa frowned and then headed over to one of the canyon passages and started looking around. A moment later Matt climbed up a small ravine that paralleled her, and as he walked along, it became apparent that she was searching for petroglyphs rather than a campsite.
“Were you planning to camp on the side of the canyon wall?” Matt called out to her jokingly.
“No silly, your job is to find us a good campsite, while I locate the petroglyphs.”
“Oh I forgot, you’re the archeologist and I’m the campologist!”
“Yes, that’s correct. Now go make yourself useful, and find a spot that is level this time. I’m still trying to get the kink out of my neck from the last campsite you picked out for us.” Melissa said jokingly as she rubbed her neck for emphasis.
“Alright, I’ll be back when I find the perfect spot for you,” Matt replied with smile.
A few minutes later Matt paused when he heard Greg’s voice echoing in the canyon. Then he edged down in that direction to see what he was doing, only to find Greg had caught up with Melissa and was questioning her.
“What is Matt planning?” Greg asked.
“Nothing”, Melissa replied innocently.
“Are you sure? I know he wants to get back at me for teasing him about the mirage this, morning.” Greg contended.
“You two act like brothers, each one trying to outdo the other. If he’s planning something, I’m not part of it,” Melissa declared.
“Well, I’m keeping my eye on him either way,” Greg affirmed.
Matt waited for them to pass by before moving on. Then after stumbling across a large flat area with a good view of the mountains to the east and the valley to the west, he worked his way back to where his friends were.
“I found a great spot to camp,” he announced from overhead.
“Up there?” Melissa asked, looking at the side of the canyon with hesitation.
“Yes, it’s perfect,” Matt replied confidently. “You can see the whole valley and it’s high enough that we won’t have to worry about a flash flood in the middle of the night.”
“How do we get up there?” she asked.
“Just go back towards the opening of the canyon and take the ravine on the left until you reach the top. Then follow along the edge of the canyon until you see me.”
“Okay,” Melissa replied.
A few minutes later Melissa and Greg reached the overlook where Matt was standing.
“So, what do you think?” he asked as Melissa carefully scrutinized the site.
“Not bad,” she acknowledged. “I’ve seen better of course, but this will do for one night.”
“I can keep looking your highness, but it’s going to be dark soon and the petroglyphs will be more difficult to find,” Matt announced with a British accent.
“What do you think Greg?” Melissa asked as she turned towards him and held her head into the air like royalty.
“Your man servant lacks in every measurable way, but considering the lateness of the hour, I recommend that we camp here and replace him when we return to jolly ‘ole England,” Greg exclaimed in his best English accent. Then he tossed his backpack on the ground and proceeded to unpack his things. Melissa and Matt laughed for a moment and then followed suit.
Once Matt was finished putting up his tent, he walked over to Greg and asked, “Do you need any help?”
“Nope, I’ve got it,” Greg replied suspiciously.
“What about you?” Matt asked as he turned towards Melissa. “Can I help in any way?”
“Sure,” Melissa said with a smile. Then she handed him four tent stakes and a large rock. Matt made his way around the tent, pounding a stake in at each corner until it was flush with the ground.
“Thanks,” Melissa remarked when he was finished.
“No problem,” Matt replied. He knew Melissa didn’t really need his help, but he felt it would have been rude not to offer.
When her tent was complete, she disappeared inside for a moment and then returned with a flashlight in her hand.
“Where are you off to?” Matt asked, wondering if she was going to try and find the petroglyphs even though it had started to get dark.
“I need a little privacy before I go to bed,” she replied diplomatically.
“Oh,” Matt said in an embarrassed tone, thankful that the darkness would conceal his reddened face.
A few minutes later Melissa reappeared and said, “Good night boys,” before retreating into her tent.
“Are you sure you will be able to sleep without knowing where the petroglyphs are?” Matt asked jokingly.
“I want to find them, believe me, but it’s just not practical to search for them in the dark. If I go to bed early, then I can get up early and look for them.” Melissa replied.
“Okay, I’ll see you in the morning... good night then,” Matt added.
“Good night,” Melissa replied.
Matt sat quietly in his tent waiting for Greg to make one last call before going to bed. Then when he saw him disappear behind a large group of boulders Matt snuck over to his tent and put Mr. Crawly on Greg’s pillow. Then he tiptoed back to his tent and waited for Greg to reunite with his long lost buddy.
“Holy crap!” Greg screamed as he ran out of his tent with his pants half off. Matt burst out in laughter for several minutes. 
“That’s not funny you jerk!” Greg yelled back. “You and that damn spider are going to pay!” 
Matt continued to laugh as he went over and retrieved the spider from Greg’s pillow.
“Don’t come near me with that!” Greg scolded as he kept his distance from Matt and Mr. Crawly.
“It’s just a piece of rubber,” Matt remarked.
“I know, but do you have any idea how real it looks in the dim light,” Greg asserted.
“That’s the beauty of it,” Matt answered.
“I will get you back, that’s a promise!” Greg declared in an authoritative tone as he cautiously reentered his tent.
“I know... I would expect nothing less,” Matt conceded as he returned to his own tent. Then he sat there awake for a little bit to make sure Greg wasn’t planning any immediate retaliation. Once he was satisfied that Greg had gone to sleep, he pulled the flap closed and went to bed.
Chapter 2
A brilliant flash of light followed by the slow rumble of thunder woke Matt in the middle of the night. After laying there for a moment, he decided to pull the flap of his tent open and see where the storm clouds were. As he looked on, a couple of flashes of light pierced through the darkness, highlighting the desert valley to the west. Intrigued by the ribbons of lightening, he repositioned his pillow so that he could watch the storm through the opening. Each time a bolt zigzagged its way to the ground, it momentarily revealed the dark thunderhead from whence it came. Matt looked on for a while, but little by little his eyelids grew heavy and slowly started to close. When they were little more than narrow slits, a bright flash of light revealed something unusual in the distance. Matt’s eyes popped back open and he stared intently in the direction of the alkali lake. As he waited impatiently for the storm to light up the valley once more, it seemed to taunt him by flickering anemically in the distance. After fighting to keep his eyes open for a few more minutes, a gust of wind blew the flap of his tent closed obscuring his view of the valley below. Matt sighed, and then rolled over and went to sleep.
His dream seemed to pick up where reality left off. The next thing he knew he was standing outside of his tent staring into the darkness. In the distance a faint glow caught his attention. It seemed to be calling out to him, and he was drawn towards it. His fears were subdued as his subconscious assured him it was all an elaborate dream. Free to investigate from the safety of his mind, he continued towards the glowing object unabated. It didn’t even matter to him if none of his dream was real, because he believed that dreams could reveal aspects of truth. If nothing else, it served as a playground for his imagination and allowed him to experience things otherwise unobtainable in the real world.
As Matt drew closer to the object, he noticed it was shrouded in a haze that seemed to emit a wavelength of ultraviolet light so subtle that he could barely perceive it. The mist irritated his lungs and smelled faintly of ozone. His chest resonated as a low frequency seemed to be emanating from somewhere inside the craft. Despite the unnatural sensations he felt, Matt was not afraid of the object and he stepped closer to it. Through the mist he could see it shimmering even in the darkness as its surface reflected the surroundings like a mirror. Matt paused for a moment as the hair on his arms and legs began to bristle. Then he slowly reached out his hand to touch it. A mild static shock caused his fingers to quiver as he felt the ship’s radiant surface. Then he felt lightheaded and suddenly everything went blank. A few moments later he woke up feeling disoriented and nauseous. Once his head cleared, he staggered back to his tent and collapsed onto his sleeping bag. While pondering the meaning of his dream, he slowly drifted back to sleep without realizing it.
The next morning Matt was awakened by the sound of Melissa pawing at the side of his tent and growling like a bear.
“There aren’t any bears in the desert,” he said in a sleepy voice.
“I know. I was just having some fun and wanted to see if you were awake yet.”
“Yeah, I’m getting up, just give me a few moments,” he responded. Then as he glanced down at his wrist to check the time he noticed it was gone.
“Where’s my watch Greg!” he demanded as he shuffled around the tent looking for it.
“I didn’t take it,” Greg replied in a voice of genuine honesty and concern.
A few moments later Matt emerged from his tent with a look of frustration. “Has anyone seen my watch? I can’t seem to find it.”
Melissa and Greg searched around the campsite while Matt went back into his tent to search it again.
“When was the last time you remember having it?” Melissa asked after they all came up empty handed.
“I know I looked at the time when I saw the storm clouds building a little while after we passed the alkali lake,” Matt recalled.
“You know that’s when we started racing each other to get here,” Melissa concluded.
“That’s right!” Matt acknowledged. “I bet it fell off when I was running after you. I’m going back to see if I can find it,” he added with a look of determination.
“Right now?” Melissa questioned.
“Yeah, that was my favorite watch. You bought it for me on my twenty first birthday,” Matt replied.
“I can get you another watch,” Melissa offered.
“I appreciate the offer, but I can go back and get it while you and Greg find the wonderful petroglyphs. I won’t be gone long,” he insisted.
“Okay,” Melissa exclaimed, realizing that Matt’s mind was already made up about the issue. “Just be careful,” she said with a concerned smile.
“Don’t worry, I will.” he reassured. Then he grabbed his water, and headed off in the direction of the lake.
Melissa watched him traverse the sandstone ledge with ease and then sighed when he disappeared from sight.
After a little bit, Melissa looked out over the valley below and was relieved when she saw a tiny blue dot walking along.
“He’s fine,” Greg remarked sarcastically when he saw her looking after him.
“I’m not worried about him, he never gets lost,” Melissa remarked.
“Then what is it?” Greg asked.
“Nothing that you would understand,” she remarked in a tone that ended the conversation.
While Matt was walking along he noticed a small tan and green lizard adjacent to him. It seemed to be following alongside him, stopping when he stopped and walking along when he walked.
“What are you doing?” Matt asked in a soft voice. The lizard blinked and then followed alongside him until it spotted a bug near a creosote bush. Then it chased after it without returning. Matt continued on for another mile or so until he saw the sunlight reflecting off a metallic object on the ground just ahead. He quickly ran over to the spot and was elated to see his watch lying neatly on the surface of the ground. As he knelt down to pick it up, he noticed a small round rock sitting inside the circle of the watchband. Ordinarily he wouldn’t have given the generic little stone a second look, except it was out of place. All the other rocks around the valley were angular as one would expect in a desert playa. “What’s an erratic doing all the way out here?” he muttered under his breath. Then he picked the stone up to examine it in more detail. Its vitreous luster and translucent faint rose color made him certain it was the mineral quartz. If he had found the stone in a river bed or on some beach, he would have simply thrown it back. There was nothing uncommon about a water-worn pebble, except they were in the one place that such a rock should not exist. Since it was somewhat of an oddity, he dropped it into his pocket after putting his watch back on. A faint chill ran down his spine despite the fact the morning air was warm and pleasant. Not one to ignore his instincts, he took one last look around, and then started back towards the camp. He glanced back from time to time, but all he saw was the tranquil alkali lake in the distance.
When he arrived back at the campsite, he could see that Melissa and Greg were both perched on a long sandstone ledge near the canyon opening.
“I found my watch,” he announced once he was close enough for them to hear him.
“That’s great,” Melissa responded. “We found something too, come up and see it.”
Melissa lowered her arm to help him climb the sheer side of the ledge. Then she pointed to a large flat area of the canyon wall that was covered in petroglyphs.
“Wow, those are amazing,” Matt remarked as he looked over her shoulder at them.
“I know, and look at the detail on the animals,” she exclaimed with excitement.
“What’s that one represent?” Matt asked as he pointed to a small round etching with radiant lines emanating from it.
“A sun symbol?” Melissa proposed.
“Come look at these,” Greg said as he took a couple of pictures of the scene with Melissa’s camera.
“What’s so interesting?” Matt asked as he scooted past Melissa to see what he was photographing.
“Look at that funny looking guy,” Greg remarked as he pointed to an image that depicted a lizard-like creature with a large head holding out an object with wavy lines around it.
“Interesting... have you seen this one yet?” Matt asked as he turned back towards Melissa.
“Yes, it seems to be a bit different from the other petroglyphs, I’m not really sure what to make of it,” she remarked.
Matt stared at it for a moment and then went further up the ledge in search of more petroglyphs.
“There are some good ones up here,” Matt announced.
“I’ll be right there,” Greg replied, as he made his way up to photograph them. Melissa followed a few moments later, and then proceeded to write down a brief description of each petroglyph as well as its size and location on the canyon wall.
After several hours of exploration, Matt noticed the sun was directly overhead but his wristwatch read 10:32. “That can’t be right?” he mumbled to himself. “Hey Greg, what time do you have?”
“Half past a freckle, and quarter to a hair!”
“Seriously, what time is it?”
“12:23, why do you ask?”
“My watch is off by a little over two hours,” Matt replied, looking a little perplexed by the discrepancy.
“It must have stopped for a couple of hours when it fell off of your wrist,” Greg surmised.
“I think I’ll head further up the canyon to make sure we didn’t miss any other interesting petroglyphs,” Matt proposed after setting his watch to the correct time.
“Sounds good,” Greg replied, seemingly content on staying in the area that he and Melissa had discovered.
Once he was out of sight, Matt jumped down onto the dry wash that lead up the canyon and started examining the various rocks and minerals along the way. As he worked his way further up the wash, he found a few pieces of rock stained green and blue indicating the presence of copper carbonates. Knowing the source of the mineralization had to be nearby, he continued onward looking for the contact zone between the sandstone of the canyons and some igneous body that he suspected was nearby. 
When he finally emerged from the canyon area, he saw a large band of crystalline metamorphic rocks that abutted the dark gray granite of the Panamints on one side and the reddish sandstone on the other.
“Ah-ha,” he said to himself when he spotted several abandoned mine shafts in the distance. He quickly made his way over to the nearest one and started digging around on the tailing pile in an effort to reveal the nature of the ore deposit. His eyes immediately recognized the minerals malachite and azurite, but there was a lot more sphalerite and galena in the tailings than anything else, which he knew were the signature minerals of a silver mine. Matt also knew the early miners would not have endured the harsh desert climate for the unprofitable base metals, but silver would have drawn them in like a magnet. He knew the Panamint Range and the surrounding area produced hundreds of millions in silver before the turn of the century. As Matt walked up the tailing pile, he came to a small flat spot covered in weathered timbers. A few bits of china and a rusty cigar tin were all that remained of some old miner’s cabin. Matt wondered what had become of that nameless prospector. Had he struck it rich on this desolate hillside, or had he abandoned his mine in pursuit of riches elsewhere?
“Matt?” a familiar voice called out, interrupting his daydream.
“I’m over here,” he replied when he saw Melissa emerge from the canyon opening.
“I see you found some old mines to snoop around,” she said with a smirk.
“You know how I lose track of time when I’m exploring,” Matt acknowledged.
“I sure do,” Melissa replied, referring to some past event.
“So, did you and Greg find any more interesting petroglyphs?” he asked in an effort to change the subject.
“Just this one curious image of a guy being beaten with a stick, I think he must have wandered off and forgotten about his friends and was being punished for it,” Melissa suggested.
“Really, you’ll have to show me that ‘petroglyph’ when we get back,” Matt remarked.
“Oh, I will,” Melissa replied jokingly as she turned to head back.
While they were walking along through the canyon, Matt noticed how the sun’s rays streamed down through the narrow passages, creating a striking contrast between the light and shadows. Each time Melissa passed from dark to light, he could not help but notice how the radiant beams accented her form.
“Is everything okay?” she asked when she noticed he was looking over at her.
“Yep, I was just looking at the erosion pattern on the sandstone wall that you passed by,” he replied, too shy to admit his real feelings for her.
“Oh,” Melissa remarked. She knew he was hiding the truth, but forcing him to reveal what she already knew was not going to be productive.
“What took you guys so long?” Greg asked with a hint of jealously in his voice.
“Matt found some abandoned mines and forgot all about us,” Melissa contended.
“Here we go…” Matt replied, knowing full well any jokes about his ‘geology obsession’ could equally apply to them.
“Maybe when we get back, we can help Matt find the support group for Rockheads,” Greg laughed.
“I don’t need any help finding it... it’s right across from the Anthronerds building,” Matt replied. Then he simulated a spider crawling along as a warning to Greg that he should stop teasing him.
“You won’t always have Mr. Crawly,” Greg said as he shook his fist at him.
“You won’t touch him,” Matt remarked as he held the spider out towards Greg.
“No, but someday soon my friend, he’s going to disappear,” Greg replied as he looked over at Melissa for support.
“Don’t involve me,” she remarked.
“Oh come on, you can’t let Matt tease me with it forever... it’s my kryptonite,” he pleaded.
“Why are you so afraid of spiders?” Melissa asked.
“I don’t know, they just creep me out,” Greg replied. “What about you, any fears you would like to share with us?” he asked in return.
“I prefer not to be on the upper floors of a skyscraper. I worry that if there was a fire, I couldn’t escape,” Melissa admitted.
“What about you Matt?” Greg asked.
“I’m not a big fan of scorpions,” Matt acknowledged, “but now that you know that, I suspect you’ll use it against me.”
“No, your secret is safe... my fear of spiders is just a few notches above scorpions, so I won’t be touching those either,” Greg promised.
“I’m starting to get a little hungry,” Melissa announced.
“Well it’s after five,” Matt said after checking his watch.
“The day goes by so fast when you’re not stuck in class,” Melissa remarked as she retrieved a chocolate covered granola bar from her pack.
“It sure does,” Greg agreed before heading off to his tent to get his food.
Matt’s stomach grumbled loudly when he saw Melissa eating and she tossed him a granola bar.
“Thanks,” he replied as he unwrapped the treat and started eating.
After dinner, they prepared for bed and each one disappeared into their tents once it got dark.
“Good night boys,” Melissa said as she tuned off the flashlight illuminating her tent.
“Good night Melissa,” Matt replied.
“See you in the morning,” Greg added.
Matt took off his shoes and socks and placed them near the opening of his tent in case he needed to get up in the middle of the night. Then he took off his pants and as he did so the small round stone fell out onto his sleeping bag. He instinctively picked it up and held it in his hand. “I wonder what geological force brought you to this place?” he said to himself while rolling the stone around in his palm. Then he tried to think back to all the natural processes that could have brought the stone to the desert, but he still couldn’t come up with a plausible explanation. After a few more minutes of puzzling over it, he put the stone back into his pant’s pocket and closed his eyes. Before he knew it, he was dreaming that he was inside a dark and misty room. Then a stranger approached from the shadows and told him in a commanding tone, “Don’t let them take the stone!”
“What are you talking about?” Matt asked.
“It’s too late to explain in detail… just do what they ask, but don’t give them the stone,” the stranger insisted. Matt abruptly woke from his dream and peeked out of his tent when he heard a rumbling noise in the distance. Through the darkness he saw a low flying helicopter searching the valley with a spotlight. Unsure of what was going on, he instinctively grabbed his pants and shoes and hurriedly got dressed. Then he ran out from his tent and was met with a blinding white light that disoriented him. Before he get back to his tent, a cloud of dust enveloped the entire campsite as a large military style chopper passed overhead and landed just behind him.
“What the hell is going on?” Greg asked in an agitated tone as he ran out from his tent.
“I don’t know, a helicopter just buzzed us and then landed behind our campsite,” Matt remarked as he shielded his eyes from the intense light.
“What’s going on?” Melissa asked as she ran over to them.
“I’m not sure,” Matt replied nervously as a group of soldiers appeared from the shadow of the helicopter’s floodlight.
“Get your belongings and come with us!” a deep booming voice commanded.
“I think we should do what they say,” Matt suggested as he remembered the warning in his dream.
“Okay,” Melissa replied, trusting his instinct. Then they hurried back to their tents to gather their things. Once they were done cramming all of their stuff into their backpacks, Melissa followed Matt towards the helicopter. 
“Where’s Greg?” she asked.
“I don’t know,” Matt replied as he tried to locate him through the mixture of dust and soldiers scurrying about. Then he saw Greg arguing with one of the soldiers back near the campsite.
“Come on Greg!” he yelled, but Greg did not hear him. Then a split second later he and Melissa saw him fall lifeless onto the cold hard ground.
“Greg!” Melissa yelled, as she ran back over to him.
“Stand down!” the soldier commanded when he saw her angry face. 
“What did you do to him?” she demanded.
“He’s alright,” the soldier replied as he illuminated the stun gun clutched firmly in his left hand.
“What is going on here?” Melissa blurted out angrily.
“Ma’am, you and your friends are trespassing on the China Basin Proving Grounds and are in violation of the Federal Law,” the soldier stated in a matter-of-fact tone.
“No, we’re not, this is public land!” Melissa argued.
The soldier stared back at her unsympathetically and without a response. Then he motioned for her to go to the chopper as he reset the stun gun as if preparing to use it on her. Melissa reluctantly turned and headed back over to Matt.
“Did you see what they did to Greg?” she asked.
“Yeah, I didn’t hear a gunshot so I figured they must have knocked him out with something,” he replied.
“They sure did... and that soldier said we were trespassing,” Melissa remarked, barely able to contain her frustration.
“This is public land!” Matt asserted.
“I know, that’s what I told him, but he just ordered me over here,” Melissa complained.
“Get inside!” another soldier interrupted. Melissa shot him her dirtiest look, but it was lost in the darkness.
Once onboard the dimly lit chopper, Matt gave her a reassuring smile as he sat down next to her adjacent to the doorway. Melissa smiled back, but her attention shifted back to the soldiers as they carried Greg in and dropped him and his pack on the metal floor. It was obvious the effects of being shocked by over 100,000 volts had not worn off yet. Matt glanced at the soldiers’ uniforms, but other than an American Flag patch in the multicam pattern, they lacked any other identifying marks. “Ironic,” Matt thought to himself as the chopper lifted into the night sky.
After a short flight, the helicopter landed in a remote area that was concealed by the darkness.
“Follow me!” a soldier commanded as he exited the chopper first. Then he led them over to a large dark building and put them into three separate rooms. Matt sat quietly wondering what would happen next as he looked around at the bleak surroundings. Every square inch of the room was painted off-white including the cold metal chair he was sitting in and a small white table that was bolted to the floor. Matt gulped down a lump that was forming in the back of his throat as he stared up at a vent on the ceiling. Although he could not see a camera inside the vent opening, he imagined it was there, and undoubtedly watching his every move. Matt tried to picture the topo map of the Panamint Valley in his head. He was certain the canyons were well within public land boundaries, but then he started to wonder if the map was out of date, as uncertainty started to settle in.
After what seemed like an hour, the door to his room suddenly opened and a tall muscular soldier walked in and slammed the door behind him. Matt sheepishly glanced at the man who was dressed in tan fatigues from head to toe. On his lapel, Matt noticed a small silver and gold patch with the letters DOD stitched in bold lettering.
“What were you and your friends doing out there?” the man asked in an aggressive tone.
“We were studying the petroglyphs in the canyons for a school project,” Matt replied innocently.
“Why were you trespassing on military land?” the interrogator demanded. 
“We weren’t, our topo map showed the canyon area was on public land.”
“It’s not!” the interrogator yelled back. “What did you see while you were snooping around out there?”
“Nothing!” Matt insisted.
The interrogator leaned over the table and stared intently into Matt’s pale green eyes, it was as if he was trying to look right into Matt’s very soul. “You’re going to tell me what you saw, or this is going to go very badly for you!” the man threatened.
“I didn’t see anything,” Matt sputtered back, feeling threatened and cornered by the interrogator’s tactics.
“Did you find or take anything from the area?” The interrogator questioned.
“No, we were just there to study the petroglyphs, that’s all,” Matt declared.
The interrogator turned and walked out of room, slamming the door behind him. A moment later Matt could hear yelling coming from one of the adjacent rooms, but he could not make out what was being said.
Matt jumped in his seat when the interrogator suddenly threw open the door and walked back in. Then the man slammed a large plastic container containing Matt’s belongings on the table and started rifling through it. Matt looked on in silence as the interrogator looked though his backpack.
“Empty your pockets out on the table,” the interrogator ordered. Matt put his keys, wallet, but left the stone in his pocket.
“Is that everything?” The man questioned as he thumbed through Matt’s wallet with his calloused fingers.
“That all I have,” Matt replied without changing the expression on his face. The interrogator eyed Matt suspiciously and then tossed his wallet back onto the table before leaving the room. Matt could hear more yelling down the hall and doors slamming. A couple of minutes later, the interrogator returned with another man in a white lab coat holding a small vial of liquid and a syringe. Matt gulped as the stranger uncapped the needle with the flick of his finger and inserted it into the vial. Then he grinned as he proceeded to withdraw the unknown substance inside.
“So young man,” the stranger asked in a dubious tone, “This is your last chance to admit if you saw anything unusual in the desert over the last few days?”
“I didn’t, I swear!” Matt cried. The man grabbed Matt’s arm without warning and stretched it out on the table, exposing the tender underside. Then the man positioned the needle over a vein in Matt’s arm like a scorpion poised to strike.
“Did you find any artifacts in the desert that seemed out of place or unnatural?” he demanded.
“No!” Matt replied, his voice wavered and cracked as he tried to suppress the tears welling up in his eyes. “We just went there to take pictures of the petroglyphs for our school project.”
The man released his arm and then walked over to the interrogator and whispered, “I think he’s telling the truth, they usually cave-in by now.” 
Matt sighed in relief, but acted as if he didn’t hear what the man had whispered. Then he looked down as the stranger left the room.
The interrogator walked over to Matt and got right in his face. “Listen close, you and your friend’s stories don’t match up, so we know at least one of you is lying. However, we are not going to charge you with any violations at this time, but all of your names will be added to our database of offenders. If you are ever caught trespassing on military land again, or if we discover you have taken artifacts, you will be brought back here and punished to the full extent of the law. I would also strongly advise against discussing this incident with anyone and we will be watching you,” the interrogator promised.
“So, what is going to happen to us now?” Matt asked hesitantly.
“You will all be taken to Mojave and let go. The car you left back on the south rim of the Panamint Valley has been moved to the drop off location. I would strongly advise that you head back home after we release you.” The interrogator paused and gave Matt one last stern look before leaving the room. A moment later a soldier came in and motioned for Matt to follow along. Then he led him out onto the tarmac and escorted him into a large black helicopter.
“Oh thank god you’re okay,” Matt exclaimed with an enormous sigh of relief when he saw Melissa and Greg already strapped into their seats.
“Are you alright?” Melissa asked, looking pretty shaken up from the ordeal.
“Yeah, I am alright,” he replied. “What about you?”
“They did a lot of threatening, but they never touched me,” Melissa replied anxiously.
“Are you okay Greg?” Matt asked, but Greg only nodded and wouldn’t look him in the eyes. Matt figured he was still too upset from the manhandling to respond, so he just sat quietly next to Melissa.
Matt looked around at the interior of the helicopter which was packed with an array of instrument clusters and a large computer screen that gave off an eerie greenish glow. When one of the pilots noticed Matt looking at a screen near him, he reached over and turned the screen away from Matt’s view. Then he stared back at Matt until Matt looked down at the metal grating on the floor. Every time Matt looked up he was met with the same disapproving stare. This went on for the remainder of the flight which felt a lot longer than the twenty minutes that Matt’s watch indicated had passed.
In the distance Matt noticed the familiar outline of city lights. The chopper continued on towards them for a few minutes until it reached the outskirts of the city. Then the chopper suddenly descended until it came to rest at a large open parking lot adjacent to the Mojave train station. 
“Get out!” one of the soldiers commanded after opening the door. Then, no sooner than they had exited the aircraft, the chopper lifted off the ground and disappeared into the night sky.
“Why were they so mean to us?” Melissa asked as soon as the noise from the chopper faded away.
“I don’t know,” Matt answered in a reluctant tone.
“Why did they keep insisting we were trespassing on military land, and asking if I had seen anything strange,” she continued.
“What did you say?” Matt asked in a worried tone.
“I said we were there to examine the Petroglyphs, nothing more.”
“What about the object over the lake?” Matt questioned.
“A shadow... a mirage, what could I say about those things,” Melissa replied.
“What about you Greg, what did you tell them?” Matt asked.
“Nothing… but just look at what those bastards did to me!” Greg lifted his shirt to reveal two large welts on his chest that were readily visible even in the parking lot’s dim lighting.
“Are you all right?” Melissa gasped.
“Yeah, it only hurts when I breathe,” Greg replied wincing. “I just want to find Matt’s car and get the hell out of here,” he remarked.
“Sounds good to me,” Matt replied as he picked up a large plastic trash bag that the soldiers had thrown from the helicopter as it departed. 
“Is that our stuff?” Melissa asked.
“Yep, but it looks like everything is jumbled together… I guess we should be grateful that we got our stuff back,” Matt commented as he closed the bag.
“Let me help you with that,” Melissa offered as she grabbed a corner and walked along side him.
“Is that your car?” Greg announced as he pointed to an off-white Corolla parked next to a light pole across from the train station.
“Yeah, that’s it,” Matt replied when he saw the HSU sticker on the rear window.
“Well, it looks like they searched my car too,” Matt added as he opened the door for Greg and Melissa.
“How can you tell if anything has been moved in that sea of candy wrappers and empty water bottles?” Greg said with a chuckle.
“I can tell,” Matt replied in an indignant tone, feeling violated again. Then he started the car and they headed for the interstate.
Chapter 3
Matt looked at the rearview mirror and saw that Greg had fallen asleep with his head positioned against the side window. Then he glanced over at Melissa who was staring aimlessly out into the darkness. 
“How are you doing?” he asked.
“I’m tired,” she replied. “How about you?”
“Exhausted, unsettled, confused... angry about the way they treated us.”
“At least they let us go,” Melissa remarked.
“Yeah, this is one trip I’ll never forget,” Matt joked. 
“Me either,” Melissa replied with a yawn as she turned to look out the window.
Matt continued heading west on Highway 58 feeling increasingly tired, but unwilling to stop. The further away from the desert he drove, the more distant the traumatic events seemed. Without even realizing it, his eyes slowly closed and a familiar shape appeared. 
“Wake up! Wake up!” the shadowy figure yelled at him, and when his eyes opened, he jerked the wheel to the right, preventing an accident with an oncoming car.
“What are you doing?” Melissa blurted out in a frantic voice.
“I... started to doze off,” Matt replied as his heart raced from the adrenaline rush.
“Are you alright?” she asked when she saw the frightened look on his face.
“Yeah, sorry about that,” he apologized. 
“Do you want me to drive for a while?” Melissa offered.
“No, I’m wide awake now, but when we get to Bakersfield I promise to stop.
Melissa nodded and then kept looking over at him periodically as they continued on.
Once they reached Bakersfield, Matt pulled into a modern looking hotel parking lot just off the interstate.
“What do you think?” he asked as he parked the car near the front of the building so they could see inside it.
“I’m not picky,” Melissa replied. “I just want a hot shower and a real bed to sleep in,” she added.
“As long as there aren’t any bugs, I’m okay with it,” Greg remarked from the back seat still half asleep.
“I’ll get us a room,” Melissa offered as she opened the door and headed out. Matt looked on as she went inside for a few minutes. He could see her talking to the clerk in a friendly manner. A moment later she held up a keycard and motioned for him to drive around to the far end of the hotel. 
Matt parked his car near the light post and then he and Greg met Melissa in the room.
“What do you think?” she asked as they peeked in.
“Works for me,” Greg replied after he finished inspecting the room for spiders.
“Looks clean,” Matt commented as he set the plastic bag containing their stuff on the chair next to the door.
“I’m going to take a quick shower,” Melissa announced as she disappeared into the bathroom.
“Okay,” Matt replied as he and Greg separated their belongings out from the bag.
When Matt was finished sorting his stuff, he pulled the stone out of his packet and rolled it around in his hand while he was waiting for Melissa to finish in the bathroom.
“What’s that?” Greg asked when he saw Matt playing with the stone.
“Nothing much, I found it near the alkali lake the day I went looking for my watch.”
Greg looked concerned as he stared at it for a moment. “Didn’t the interrogator ask you if you took anything from the desert?”
“Yeah, he did, but I didn’t think a piece of quartz was of any concern,” Matt remarked as he set it on the nightstand next Melissa’s bag.
“So you lied?” Greg questioned in a suspicious tone.
“Yeah, I didn’t want them to take it,” Matt admitted.
“Why not?” Greg remarked. Matt didn’t want to tell him about the dream, so he paused for a moment trying to think up a plausible reason for his deception.
“The stone is an erratic, which is a geological name for a misfit. It’s a named applied to any rock or boulder that gets carried from one location to another and does not match its surroundings. Glaciers are the usual culprit, but this stone puzzled me because there were never any glaciers in the Panamint Valley,” Matt explained.
“I still don’t think you should have lied about the stone. You could have gotten all of us in more trouble,” Greg exclaimed.
“It’s just some random little rock, I’m sure they could care less about it,” Matt responded.
“I hope so…” Greg sighed as flopped down on the bed and pulled the pillow under his head.
Matt finished sorting his belongings and then went back out to double check that he had locked all the doors on his car. When he returned, Melissa emerged from the bathroom wrapped in a towel.
“Are you done?” he asked, trying not to stare at her scantily clad body.
“I am,” she replied as the scent of lavender filled the air behind her. Matt smiled and then headed in to take his shower. Once inside, he locked the door and took off his clothes. Then he placed them neatly on top of the vanity and stepped into the shower closing the curtain behind him. The pulsating jets of water washed away days of grit and relaxed his tired muscles. It finally seemed like the long arduous day was coming to an end.
Once Matt finished with his shower, he put on briefs and then wrapped a towel around his waist. As he emerged from the bathroom he looked over at the bed on his right to find Greg sprawled out across it, and snoring lightly. Then he glanced over at the other bed and when his eyes met Melissa’s she slowly pulled back the covers and patted the mattress with her hand. Matt felt his face instantly flush red and he quickly reached over and turned off the lights. Then he removed the towel from his waist and gently slid under the covers, careful not to bump up against Melissa.
“Do you have enough room?” she asked innocently.
“Yep,” Matt replied as he clung to the far edge of the bed. He had never been in an intimate setting with Melissa, and he didn’t want to make her feel uncomfortable or give her the wrong impression. As he lay there motionless, he tried to block any romantic images that came into his head. Instead, he focused on the trip and all of the dramatic events that occurred over the last few days. While he pondered what the military was so protective of, the inevitable wave of tiredness slowly overtook him and he fell into a deep sleep.
The next morning Matt woke up to find Melissa spooned tightly against him with her arm draped across his chest. She looked like an angel and Matt tried to keep from moving so he would not wake her. He cherished the moment. She was the one person he always felt a deep and inexplicable connection to, but at the same time he kept those feelings hidden. Not because he was ashamed of them, but because he feared they could drive her away, or destroy the friendship they shared.
“Good morning,” Matt said in a soft voice as Melissa started to stir.
“Good morning,” she replied with a sleepy yawn.
“How did you sleep?” he asked.
“I had so much room... you must have been hanging over the edge of the bed. I wish you felt more comfortable around me.”
“I do, I just didn’t want you to be uncomfortable,” Matt remarked.
“Matt, you’re such a gentleman. I know I can trust you, and you make me feel safe,” she said with a warm smile.
“That’s good... did you have any interesting dreams?” Matt asked in an effort to change the topic.
“Now that you mention it, I did have a strange dream about an odd looking person who kept warning me about something called a ‘dimensional shift’.” Matt felt his heart start to pound as Melissa continued. “I remember the stranger said something about our primitive culture not using some sort of new technology wisely. I don’t know... it was a vivid dream, but I can’t seem to remember too much of it,” Melissa replied.
“I had that same dream,” Matt announced in a surprised tone.
“You’re kidding?”
“No, it was literally the exact same dream,” Matt declared.
“You’re teasing me, stop it!” Melissa scolded.
“I’m not!” Matt insisted.
Melissa sat quietly for a moment as she thought about the significance of the event. “Perhaps it has something to do with the interrogations we went through. It was a very traumatic event, and it probably influenced our subconsciousness, resulting in the strange parallel dreams.”
“That makes sense except for the fact that I had a similar dream the night before the military apprehended us,” Matt revealed.
“Really, what happened in that dream?” Melissa asked, still wondering if he was pulling her leg.
“I saw what I think was an alien, and he warned me that the military was coming to get us right before it actually happened,” Matt confessed. Melissa looked a bit unsure and then gave him a disbelieving look.
“I’m not joking,” Matt insisted.
“Come on, it was just one of your crazy dreams… I have silly dreams all the time. Not about aliens, but you know, strange stuff,” Melissa admitted.
Matt sighed and looked down, “This was different, I can’t explain it, but it seemed too real to be just a dream.”
“Well, if we have the same dreams again, then I will start to wonder, but for now I think it was just a coincidence,” Melissa said reassuringly.
“You’re probably right, there is certainly nothing strange about me having strange dreams,” he admitted. 
“Good morning,” Greg announced as he came out of the bathroom, drying his hair with a small white towel.
“How did you sleep?” Matt asked.
“Great, I was so tired,” he replied.
“Did you have any strange dreams?” Matt asked as he put his pants on.
“I don’t think so... why?” Greg responded.
“Well, Melissa and I had nearly identical dreams last night and I was wondering if you had it too?” Matt remarked.
Greg wrinkled his brow and shook his head. “Nope, I didn’t have any dreams at all… at least none that I remember. So, what was your dream about?” Greg asked with a smirk. Matt quickly looked over at Melissa to see if she was going to answer him.
“Don’t look at me. It’s your crazy dream... you explain it,” she asserted.
“Okay,” Matt sighed. “The dream involved an alien and something about a newly discovered technology followed by a warning of some kind.”
“Come on Matt, you know I don’t believe in aliens. I know you and Melissa think they exist, so of course you dream about them all the time,” Greg replied.
“Yeah, but we had the exact same dream, what are the odds of that?” Matt remarked.
“I never said I saw any aliens in my dream,” Melissa interjected diplomatically.
“See Matt, you and Melissa didn’t have the exact same dreams,” Greg observed as he proceeded to stuff his things into his pack.
“Fine, it must have been a coincidence that the dreams were similar,” Matt acknowledged. Then he gathered his stuff and took it out to the car.
Melissa quietly packed up her things and then met Matt outside before Greg got there.
“I am sorry, I didn’t mean to make it seem like we didn’t share the same dream. I just don’t remember see any aliens in mine,” Melissa said apologetically.
“It’s cool, I just thought we had a connection in our dreams,” Matt alleged.
“We have other connections,” Melissa said with a smile. Matt smiled back and then set her backpack in the car next to his. A moment later, Greg came lumbering over and tossed his pack in the back seat and then jumped into the car after it.
“Is that everything?” Matt asked. 
“I think so,” Melissa replied confidently. 
“Good-bye Bakersfield, and the smell that goes with you,” Greg said jokingly as they headed out of the hotel parking lot. Matt and Melissa both laughed as they headed home.
Chapter 4
A glimpse of Mount Shasta in the distance lifted Matt’s spirit, signaling they were not far from home. As he stared at the towering white peak it dawned on him that he could not remember seeing his camera when he packed his things up in the hotel.
“Hey Greg, can you see if my camera is in my backpack,” Matt asked politely.
“Sure,” he replied. Then a moment later he looked up and shook his head confirming what Matt suspected.
“Damn it! I think they took my camera,” Matt announced angrily.
“Search mine too,” Melissa asked.
“Um... there’s no way I’m digging around in your girlie stuff,” Greg replied as he handed Melissa her pack.
“Dang it, mine’s gone too,” she said in a solemn voice. Then she remembered that she had swapped out the memory card towards the end of the second day and immediately reached into the back pocket of her shorts.
“Ah-ha, we’re in luck!” she exclaimed happily, holding the memory card up like a prize.
“Greg took so many pictures with my camera that I had to switch out the cards,” she said with a smile.
“Hey, you told me take lots of pictures, so that’s what I did,” Greg exclaimed.
“I know, and with any luck we still have what we need for our project,” Melissa replied as she put the memory card back into her pocket for safekeeping.
“There’s our turn off,” Matt announced as they followed the ramp over to route 299.
“Good, just a couple more hours and we’ll all be home,” Melissa remarked as she rolled down the window and peered out. “I love this part of the drive,” she added as the fresh air blew against her face.
“Why this part?” Greg inquired. 
“Because the forest on this side of the coastal mountains is mostly fir and ponderosa, but once we cross over and head down towards the coast, it transitions into the towering redwoods that I love so much. This side is dryer and the air has the aroma of pine, while the costal side is lush and green, and you can smell the ocean.”
“The ocean does smell,” Greg added sarcastically.
“What’s your favorite part of the drive?” Melissa asked as she looked over a Matt.
“I like the trees, but in the basin and range you can see geology in action. The arid climate means the rock formations are exposed. If you know what to look for you can see fault lines, contact zones, and every rock type imaginable. You can see how water and wind erode the various rock types, creating some of the most dramatic land forms on the planet. Think about Zion, the Grand Canyon, and Yosemite, they are all geological marvels.
“Nerd alert!” Greg interrupted.
Matt looked back and gave him a sour look and then proceeded to ignore him for the next hour. Meanwhile Melissa looked out at the trees and whistled to pass the time.
“Hey, I see the ocean,” Melissa announced as they crested Berry Summit and started down towards the coast.
Matt rolled down his window to make sure Greg could take in the ocean smell he was so fond of once they got closer to Arcata.
“I can’t wait to get back to my dorm room,” Greg announced as they reached the outskirts of town. “I never thought I would miss it, but after this trip, it will seem like the Hilton.” Matt and Melissa laughed as they continued towards the campus. 
Once they arrived at HSU, Matt drove over to the Cypress parking lot and pulled into the first open spot that he could find.
“It’s good to be back,” Melissa said as she grabbed her pack from the backseat of the car.
“It sure is,” Matt added as he got out and stretched his legs.
“I’ll see you both later,” Greg added as he headed off to his dorm.
“I guess he has had enough of our company?” Melissa observed.
“Yeah, he seemed different after the interrogations, I think it really shook him up,” Matt surmised.
“He’ll get over it. His ego might be fragile, but there’s plenty of it to go around,” Melissa said with a devilish smile.
“So what did you think of the trip overall?” Matt asked.
“It was interesting… and memorable. If the memory card has our pictures on it, then overall, I think it will be a success. Either way, we did get to see some fantastic petroglyphs, and with the exception of the interrogations, I had a really good time with you,” she added.
“Well, thanks again for coming along...” Matt replied, wanting to say more, but afraid to reveal the feelings that were more intimate, and personal.
“I’ll see you later then,” Melissa said cheerfully. Then she gave him a hug before heading off. Matt paused for a moment as she walked away, then a sad lonely feeling welled up inside him as she disappeared from sight. 
When he returned to his dorm room, he turned on the television to drown out his feelings.
Once he was sufficiently numbed by the glowing box, he turned off the TV and went over to his computer. Then he typed the words ‘dimensional shift’ into the search bar to see what would come up. He could not figure out why those words stuck out in his dream, but it seemed significant. As he scrolled down through the results, nothing caught his eye, so he tried the words ‘dimensional shift’ and ‘military secret’ together to see what would come up. A few pages down he noticed there was a reference to a military project called the ‘Philadelphia Experiment’, so he opened that web page and proceeded to read the description about it. 
In an effort to gain the upper hand during WWII, the United States Military conducted several secret radar invisibility tests by generating a powerful electromagnetic field around the U.S.S. Eldridge. The electromagnetic field was supposed to bend the enemy’s radar waves in such a way that the ship would be undetectable. However, eye witnesses of the event claimed that the U.S.S. Eldridge not only became radar invisible, but actually vanished from the Philadelphia naval shipyard for several minutes, before reappearing when the ship’s massive power generator overloaded and caught fire. The military claimed the fire was a result of faulting wiring and denied any report that the ship or its personnel were part of any stealth technology experiments. Experts that witnessed the event were quickly silenced, but several unnamed sources have come forward in recent years claiming that the U.S.S. Eldridge actually shifted into another dimension for few moments as a result of the experiment.
Matt was shocked by the story. The dimensional shift that he and Melissa had both dreamed about was an actual real life event. Matt continued to search the internet to find out more about the experiment, but most of what he read seemed to just repeat the original article. 
After a couple hours of searching to no avail, he finally turned off his computer and started getting ready for bed. As he reached for the light switch, his cell phone rang and he saw it was Melissa calling.
“Hello?” he said in a friendly voice.
“Hi Matt, I’m so sorry to call you so late, but I had that weird dream again and I don’t know what to make of it,” Melissa replied in an uncertain tone.
“Okay, do you want to tell me what happened in the dream,” he asked.
“Yeah, it was almost the same as before, except this time the stranger in the dream said the military was developing a potentially dangerous technology. Then he said you have to help stop it,” Melissa exclaimed in a jittery voice.
“You’re kidding me!” Matt replied.
“No I’m not... the stranger went on to say that humans had accidentally discovered a way to shift into another dimension and there were grave risks involved. Then the dream ended when I started getting freaked out by it.”
“That’s incredible!” Matt stated in shock and disbelief. “Are you okay?” he asked.
“I am, but what does it mean?” Melissa questioned.
“Well, you’re not going to believe what I found on the internet, but there is a link between our dreams and a secret military project from 1943.
“What connection?” Melissa asked.
“It was an article I found on the net,” Matt replied.
“Is it okay if I come over and then you can show me what you found?” she asked.
“Of course,” Matt said in a welcoming tone.
“Thanks, I’ll be right over,” Melissa replied.
While Matt waited for her to arrive, he turned his computer back on and brought up the original article about the Philadelphia Experiment for her to read. A moment later he heard a soft knocking at the door and rushed over to open it.
“Hi,” he said as Melissa peeked in.
“I’m not intruding am I?” she asked.
“No, not at all. I’m glad you came over,” he said with a smile. Then he showed her the article and waited for her response.
“I don’t understand, this article seems to imply the military stumbled onto some kind of inter-dimensional technology, but that was over seventy years ago. How is this connected to our dreams?” she questioned.
“I’m not sure, but it seems too similar to be just another coincidence. And as you pointed out, the military has had over seventy years to figure out the technology,” Matt suggested.
“I don’t know... the article seems more like science fiction than reality,” Melissa replied.
“I agree, but what often starts out as science fiction becomes possible as our technology advances. Lasers, space travel, and cloning are all examples of fiction turned reality,” Matt remarked.
“You’re right, all of those things have gone from fiction to fact, but what you’re suggesting is the ability to travel into another dimension. That’s a huge leap forward,” Melissa contended.
“I admit it sounds crazy, but I think our dreams and that event are somehow interconnected,” Matt replied.
“I am not disagreeing with you, but I think we need to consider other possibilities, and not just assume the two are tied together,” Melissa suggested.
Matt nodded in agreement, but he was reluctant to give up on the idea there could be some connection.
“Oh by the way, I think one of your rock samples ended up in my backpack,” Melisa mentioned as an afterthought.
“Is it a small round polished looking stone?” he asked with a puzzled look on his face.
“Yeah, it must have gotten mixed in with my stuff back at the hotel. I’ll give it back to you tomorrow if that’s alright?” Melissa said as she yawned.
“Sure,” Matt replied as he glanced down at his watch.
“Well, I guess I should head back over to my place… I just hope I don’t have that strange dream again,” Melissa mentioned in a reluctant tone.
“You can stay here if you like,” Matt suggested. Melissa looked a little surprised by his offer, and then smiled. 
“Are you sure? I was kind of hoping you would ask me since I wasn’t sleeping very well at my place,” Melissa confessed.
“Absolutely, I can sleep on the couch and you can have my bed,” Matt said as he reached for a clean set of sheets out of the closet. Then as he started making the bed for her, she started to laugh.
“What’s so funny?” Matt asked.
“Your horse print sheets look like they belong in some teenage girl’s room, not a young man’s dorm,” Melissa joked.
“What can I say... I like horses,” Matt replied with an embarrassed smile.
“That’s okay, I won’t tell anyone. It’ll be our little secret,” Melissa laughed. She liked the fact that he had a softer side and thought it was cute how he still liked horses. She had not forgotten how they used to sneak over and feed the horses next to his house when they were kids.
Once Matt finished with the bed, he went over to the couch and started arranging it to make it more comfortable, but then he noticed that Melissa was already in bed, and was looking over in his direction.
“Matt,” she said in an innocent voice. “I was hoping you would want to sleep next to me... it was so comforting to have you by my side when we shared the bed back at the hotel.” Matt felt his face blush and he swallowed what felt like a golf ball sized lump in his throat.
“Are you sure... I don’t want things to get awkward?”
“Come on, get into bed…we’ll still be friends in the morning... I promise.”
Matt turned off the lights, and then crawled under the covers next to her. Melissa immediately snuggled up against him, and then closed her eyes. As she drifted off to sleep, Matt kept thinking about how much he loved her and how lucky he was to have her in his life.
The next morning, Melissa woke up and looked over at Matt while he was still sleeping. As she gazed at his innocent face, she felt protective of him, but there was something more, something new welling up inside her. As she reflected upon her feelings, she realized that her admiration had evolved into love, and she knew that he loved her too. Despite his best efforts to hide it, she could read his body language and decipher his convoluted emotions with ease. His subtle glances, the little things he did to show he cared, nothing went unnoticed, and she appreciated his friendship above all else. While he slept, she gently kissed his cheek, and then pulled the covers up over him, and closed her eyes.
When the alarm buzzed later that morning, Matt reached over and shut it off. Then he turned to see if Melissa was awake and was met with her warm smile and deep blue eyes.
“How did you sleep?” he asked.
“Wonderfully, no crazy dreams, just peaceful sleep,” she replied.
“Me too, that was the best I’ve slept in days. Thanks for spending the night,” he said with an appreciative smile.
“Thank you for letting me...” she wanted to say more, but she didn’t want to overwhelm him.
While Melissa got dressed, Matt made breakfast. Then they sat quietly at the table savoring the food and the peaceful morning.
“That was good, thanks for making me breakfast,” Melissa said as she reluctantly prepared to leave.
“Melissa, I would like to spend more time with you, but I’m a terrible judge of what others are feeling. So here’s a key to my dorm, feel free to come over anytime you want,” Matt said as he nervously handed her the shiny metal key.
“Thank you, that’s so sweet. I think you’re wrong about judging people’s feelings though. In fact, I think you see right through people and that scares you,” she replied. Then she gave him a kiss on the cheek before heading out.
“I’ll see you at Anthropology class,” Matt said when he saw her turn and look back at him. She smiled and waved, before continuing on her way.
Matt felt as if his chest was going to burst from all the emotions welling up inside him. Melissa meant more to him than anything else, but something seemed different about her. He sensed an affection that she had never displayed towards him before, but he wanted her to determine the progression of their relationship. Matt took a few deep breaths to calm down, and then grabbed his Anthropology books before heading off to class. As he walked along, he kept smiling each time he thought about Melissa.
When he arrived at class, he saw Greg sitting in the front row and he headed over to join him.
“Hey buddy,” Matt said in a cheery tone. Greg looked up and gave him a courtesy nod. The kind guys give each other when words are not required.
“Thanks for saving me a seat in front,” Matt added after he settled in. Greg looked up and gave him another nod.
After a few minutes Melissa walked in and sat down next to Matt just as the class was about to begin. Then she placed her hand on his knee and gave him a warm smile. Matt caught a whiff of jasmine and wondered if she wore that scent on purpose since she knew he liked it. As the teacher started explaining the immense value of ethnographic studies, Matt started daydreaming about the row of jasmine bushes that grew along Melissa’s driveway and how they use to chase each other around them more times than he could count. Even back then she was faster than him, but he was more agile, and if he cut the corners of the hedge just right, he could catch her.
Matt looked on as Mr. Wilson continued with the lecture, but his thoughts kept drifting back to Melissa, and how much he cared for her.
Once the class was over, Melissa stopped at the door and waited for Matt and Greg to pass by.
“What’s up?” Greg asked.
“I dropped the memory card off on my way over here, so we should have the pictures back this afternoon with any luck. When you guys are done for the day, why don’t you come by my place and we can look them over together,” she suggested.
“I can’t wait to see how they turned out,” Matt replied with a tone of excitement and anticipation.
“I have to get to going,” Greg remarked as he looked away.
“See you later then,” Melissa replied cheerfully as he walked off.
“Is it just me, or is he grumpy?” Melissa asked.
“I don’t know, but like I said before, he’s not the same since the trip,” Matt conjectured.
“I wonder why?” Melissa remarked.
“Who knows, he’s always been a little bi-polar,” Matt added.
“Well, I better get going so I’m not late to my next class,” Melissa said with a smile.
Matt lingered for a few minutes, wishing he had something sweet and romantic to say, but his tongue was paralyzed with anxiety, too scared to say ‘I love you’ or show his affection. Melissa must have read his mind and she walked back over and kissed him on the lips. The kiss lasted only a moment, but it felt like time stopped as he wrapped his arms around her and held her tight. A student walking past whistled at them, and they quickly separated as to not cause a scene. Then Matt waved good-bye as she disappeared into the sea of students.
Chapter 5
Melissa picked up the pictures and went back to her dorm. She tried to wait to look at them until Matt and Greg arrived, but the urge to peek at the prints was too great. After opening the envelope she quickly sorted through the pictures, pulling out the best ones for a closer look. Then she hurriedly put them back into the envelope when she heard a knock at the door.
“Who is it?” she asked as she tried to make the packaging appear unopened.
“It’s me,” Matt replied as she let him in and then handed him the envelope. “I see you already looked at them.”
“I was going to wait for you and Greg, but the envelope flap came loose and the pictures fell right into my hands. What could I do?” she exclaimed innocently. Matt laughed as he sat down on the couch. She snuggled next to him as they looked through the pictures together.
“These are really good Melissa… we shouldn’t have any trouble coming up with a great presentation,” Matt complimented.
“Thank Greg, he took most of them,” she replied.
“Well, he did a good job and thankfully the two of you took so many pictures it required more than one memory card,” Matt remarked.
“Sheer luck, but we still have to interpret the images and put the whole thing together by next week. I feel a bit rushed to get it all done by then,” Melissa confessed.
“Relax, I’ll help you interpret the petroglyphs pics, and I’ll write up the presentation when we’re finished with that part. Greg has already volunteered to give the presentation to the class, so that’s covered. You know how he loves an audience, and he’s actually a pretty good public speaker,” Matt admitted.
“That’s true,” Melissa acknowledged, a she handed Matt a smaller group of photos. 
“What are those?” he asked.
“Just a few pictures I took of the desert, our camp, and you when you weren’t looking.” Matt shuffled though them slowly and then stopped when he came to a photo that overlooked the Panamint Valley.
“When did you take this picture?” he asked.
“Let me see... I took that when you were out looking for your watch,” she replied.
“Is that me in the distance?”
“Yep, you’re the small dark blue figure about half way to the lake,” she acknowledged.
“Did you happen to notice if there was a faint outline of an object near the lake in the background?” Matt remarked in a concerned tone.
“It’s just a reflection from the sun on the camera lens,” Melissa suggested.
If that’s true, why does it look identical to the object we saw that morning?” 
“Let me see it,” Melissa said, as she took the picture from him. As she studied the photo closely, her expression slowly changed as she realized he was correct about the object. “What was that thing?” she reluctantly asked as she handed the picture back to him.
“I don’t know, but it proves that what we saw that morning was definitely not a mirage. What bothers me is that I was right down there near it, and I didn’t even see it,” Matt confessed.
“That’s a bit unsettling,” Melissa replied.
“I wouldn’t worry about it. Nothing bad happened, and I have no reason to think that it would have,” Matt said reassuringly.
A moment later there was a knock at the door and Melissa got up to answer it.
“Hi Greg, come on in,” she said with a welcoming smile.
“Hi... did you get the pictures back from the photomart?” he asked in an anxious tone.
“Yep, Matt is looking at them right now,” Melissa replied.
“So, are there any good ones?” he asked after plopping down on the couch next to him.
“Yeah, they’re excellent, nice job,” Matt remarked.
“You’re right, they’re even better than I remember,” he concluded.
Once Greg was finished with all the petroglyph pictures Matt handed him the picture of the object hovering near the lake.
“What’s this?” Greg asked as he looked at the desert scene.
“Do you see anything unusual in the background?” Matt questioned.
“A circular reflection near the lake,” he observed.
“Melissa and I believe that reflection is not a reflection at all, but actually the same object we saw over the lake earlier that morning,” Matt alleged.
“Are you sure it looks the same?” he asked with raised eyebrows.
“Absolutely!” Matt insisted.
“Does it look the same to you Melissa?” Greg asked as he turned towards her.
“It does,” she affirmed. Greg looked at the picture for a moment and then set it down. Then his expression changed and Matt knew he was formulating some explanation for the event.
“I wonder if the military wanted us out of that area because they were testing some new kind of aircraft,” he proposed.
“That might explain what we saw,” Melissa acknowledged. “What do you think Matt?” 
“Maybe,” he replied in his least convincing tone, unwilling to say what he really thought in front of Greg.
“So you don’t have any wild ideas about it?” Greg questioned, sensing Matt was holding back
“I’m not sure what we saw, but I do agree that the military did not want us there,” he replied.
“That’s for sure,” Greg commented as he rubbed his chest where he was tasered.
Once Greg was finished looking at the pictures, he handed them back to Matt and then glanced at the clock in the kitchen for a moment. “Well, I’m sorry I have to run, but I have a mountain of homework to do and I should probably get back to it,” he said in a reluctant tone.
“Thanks for stopping by,” Melissa replied as she saw him to the door. Then she walked back over to the couch and sat next Matt. “How are you doing?” she asked, sensing some frustration.
“I’m fine, I just don’t buy the whole military testing thing,” he replied.
“I wondered if that’s what was bothering you. To be honest, his explanation would have made perfect sense to me had I not had that dream the other night,” Melissa admitted.
“So you believe me?” Matt asked.
“I’m just saying there seems to be a lot more to this than just some military aircraft testing,” she said with a smile.
“I knew you had an open mind,” Matt remarked.
“It’s only because you keep bombarding me with your crazy ideas,” she acknowledged. Matt smiled and then glanced at his watch and sighed.
“Unfortunately I have a lot of homework that I need to work on tonight, but if you have any trouble sleeping come on over.” he offered.
“I probably won’t tonight because I promised my friend Bella I would stop by and tutor her this evening. She’s been having a little trouble in her Calculus class.”
“That’s nice of you,” Matt remarked as he got up off the couch.
“Oh I almost forgot. I have to give you back that silly rock you brought back from the desert,” Melissa said as she ran into her bedroom to retrieve it. 
“Thanks,” Matt replied when she came back out and dropped it into his hand.
“You’re welcome,” she said, followed by a kiss good-by. Matt gave her a hug in return and then reluctantly headed out. 
As he started across the parking lot towards his room, he noticed an olive drab Hummer pull out of the lot and speed away. Normally, it wouldn’t have caught his attention, but the recent events had made him suspicious of any military-looking vehicles. Once the Hummer was out of sight, Matt made his way over to his dorm and gasped when he turned on the lights. The drawers to his dresser were pulled out, and their contents had been dumped onto the floor. His mattress had been turned over and all of the belongings in his closet where scattered about. Matt felt his face turn red with anger as the thought of being violated settled in. After taking a few deep breaths he picked up the phone in his room and called the campus police.
“Hello, HSU Police, what’s your emergency?”
“My dorm room has been ransacked,” he replied in a harsh tone.
“My screen shows you are calling from room 114, is that correct?” the dispatcher asked.
“Yes,” Matt replied, still frothing as he spoke.
“Okay sir, I will send an officer over to take a report. Please wait outside of your room until he arrives,” the dispatcher ordered.
Matt left the room, careful not to disturb anything, as he waited for the officer to arrive.
After a few minutes, a campus police car pulled up next to the dorms and an officer got out and walked over to him. 
“When did you discover the break in?” the officer asked as he flipped open his clipboard and started filling out an incident report.
“Just before I called you,” Matt replied.
“Is there anything missing?” the officer asked.
“I don’t know. I left everything alone not wanting to disturb the scene.” The officer rolled his eyes and then wrote something down on the report. Matt could see his personal information was already filled in at the top of the form. For some reason that bothered him, probably because it seemed so Orwellian.
“Why don’t you go back in and see if anything was taken,” the officer suggested. Matt nodded and then went in and started searching through the mess while the officer stood in the doorway watching him.
After a few minutes of searching without noticing anything missing, Matt went over to the officer and said, “It doesn’t look like anything is missing, but I won’t know for sure until I get everything cleaned up.”
The policeman wrote a few more notes on the report and then took a couple of pictures of the room. Then he looked at Matt, and asked, “Are there any ex-girlfriends, ex-boyfriends, or anyone else that you can think of that might have a grudge against you?”
“No. I keep to myself and I don’t have any enemies that I know of,” Matt replied.
“Of course not,” the officer replied incredulously. “Well, the campus is full of practical jokers, if it happens again, or if you discover something is actually missing, then call back and I will amend my report. For now there isn’t much I can do, just remember to keep your door locked at all times and report any suspicious activity.”
“I will,” Matt replied in an unenthusiastic tone, hoping the officer would hurry up and leave when he noticed spectators being drawn towards the flashing red and blue lights.
“Sign here,” the officer ordered as he handed the clipboard over to Matt. Matt quickly signed the bottom of the report and handed it back to the officer. The officer glanced over it, and then headed back to his patrol car. Once the officer was gone, Matt went inside and called Melissa.
“Hello?” she answered. 
“Hi, I’m sorry to bother you, but you’re not going to believe what just happened.”
“What is it? Melissa asked in a concerned tone.
“When I got back to my dorm room, it had been ransacked, the place is an absolute mess, and I’m so upset about it.” Matt exclaimed in an angry and frustrated voice.
“Don’t worry; I’ll be right over,” she offered.
“I thought you had to go tutor your friend,” Matt replied.
“I’ll reschedule it, this is far more important,” she said in a calm reassuring voice.
“Thank you so much,” Matt replied. “You’re always there when I need you.”
“You would do the same for me,” she replied. “Just sit tight for a few minutes and I’ll be right there.”
Matt hung up the phone and waited by the door for her to arrive. Then when he saw her, he quickly ushered her in.
“What did the police say?” Melissa asked, dumbfounded by the mess.
“The officer seemed to think it was a prank. He took a few pictures and then told me to call back if I found anything missing.”
“Was anything taken?” Melissa asked with a concerned look.
“No, but guess what I saw on my way over here from your place.”
“What?” she asked at the seemingly irrelevant question.
“A military vehicle speeding out of the parking lot.”
“No way! Melissa gasped. “Do you think they were looking for the pictures that we took?”
“I don’t know,” Matt replied hesitantly.
“Well, if it’s not that, then what else could it be? Melissa questioned. 
“The interrogator seemed obsessed over the possibility that we might have taken an artifact or something important from the area,” Matt conjectured.
“But we didn’t take anything…” Melissa pause mid-sentence when she realized that Matt had brought the little stone back from the desert.
“What is it?” Matt asked when she didn’t finish her sentence.
“Can I see that rock that I gave back to you?” Melissa asked.
“Sure,” Matt replied as he pulled it out of his pocket and handed it to her.
“Exactly where did you find it,” she asked.
“It was next to my watch. I only kept it because it was out of place and caught my eye,” Matt remarked.
“Is there anything special about it?” Melissa asked as looked down at the unassuming little stone.
“Not really, it’s an erratic, but other than that it appears to be common quartz,” Matt replied. A moment later his expression changed as he remembered the dream he was having just before the military abducted them.
“What are you thinking?” Melissa asked when she noticed he seemed to be lost in thought.
“I just realized that the night the military abducted us, I was told in my dream to keep the stone safe,” Matt recalled.
“By whom?” Melissa asked.
“The same stranger that was in the other dreams,” Matt gulped.
“Good grief, you just remembered that now!” Melissa exclaimed.
“I’m sorry... I must have repressed it when the interrogator accused me of lying and threatened my life,” Matt said in sharp tone.
“Well, that’s understandable, but if the stone is what they are after, then maybe you should just return?” Melissa suggested.
“I don’t think I should do that,” Matt replied. “I was told to keep to safe for a reason, and until I know what that is, I’m going to follow my gut instinct and hold on to it.”
“What if you’re in danger because of it,” Melissa warned.
“I didn’t want to freak you out by mentioning this earlier, but the stranger from the dream protected us,” Matt disclosed.
“Okay, tell me everything that you have been keeping from me right now, or I’m walking out the door!” Melissa threatened.
“I’m sorry, I should have told you before now, but I fell asleep at the wheel when we were driving back from the Mojave train station,” Matt admitted.
“Go on...” Melissa glared expectantly.
“Well, immediately after I fell asleep, the stranger appeared in my dream and told me to wake up. When I did, we were heading into the oncoming lane and I was able to swerve back into our lane just in time. Had the stranger not woken me up right then, we would have had a head on collision,” Matt said in a jittery voice, still shaken by the incident. Melissa thought back to that night and did remember Matt abruptly changing lanes on their way to Bakersfield, but she didn’t realize it was to avoid an oncoming car.
“What else aren’t you telling me,” Melissa accused.
“Nothing, I honestly didn’t remember the dream I had about the stone until you came over,” Matt pleaded. Melissa reached out and grabbed Matt’s arm, then she pulled him close to her and gave him a hug.
“I believe you,” she whispered in his ear. Matt felt relieved that she wasn’t going to leave him, and he promised himself that he would never keep the truth from her again.
“What are you going to do with the stone?” Melissa asked after she finished hugging him.
“I would like my Geology teacher to take a look at it before I do anything else,” Matt replied as he took the stone and put it back in his pocket.
“Do you think the military will come back and search my dorm or Greg’s?” she asked.
“I don’t know,” Matt replied.
“They better not,” she said with a look of anger at the thought of having her privacy invaded.
“Thanks again for coming over,” Matt remarked as he started picking his clothes up off the floor.
“I was going to stay and help clean up,” Melissa offered.
“Oh, you don’t have to do that,” Matt replied.
“Are you afraid I’ll find more secrets hidden in your stuff?” she said jokingly.
“Nope, feel free to snoop all you like,” he challenged. 
Melissa picked up a folded pair of underwear off the floor and proceeded to wave them in front of his face.
“Yes, I wear underwear, those go back in the top drawer of the dresser,” he explained as if talking to a child. Melissa smirked when she saw a sock puppet under some of his clothing. Then she promptly slipped it onto her hand and began attacking his head with it.
“Put that down, it’s a toy for my nephew,” Matt calmly explained to her. Melissa giggled and then attacked his head with the puppet again. Matt tried to grab it from her, and she ran to the opposite side of his bed laughing and taunting him with it.
“Give me that!” he demanded as he chased after her.
“You can’t have it!” she said in a silly voice.
“Give it back! Matt ordered as he chased her around the bed grabbing at it. Melissa continued to laugh as she ran around the bed, staying just out of his reach. Matt leapt forward as he rounded the head of the bed and caught her left leg. Melissa fell onto the mattress, and instantly curled up into an impenetrable ball as he dove on top of her. Then she repeatedly pulled the puppet out from under her stomach to mock him with it, hiding it again before he could get it from her. Frustrated, Matt started tickling her sides as she kicked and bucked like a wild horse. Then she tossed the puppet high into the air so he would stop tickling her. When Matt saw the puppet fly past his head, Melissa rolled out from under him and onto a pile of clothes on the floor. Then she pulled him off the bed and on top of her, and gave him a kiss.
“Would you like to stay here tonight?” Matt asked in an optimistic tone. 
“I’m sorry, I can’t. My parents are coming over tonight and we’re all going out to a late dinner. I was planning on telling them about us, if that’s okay with you?” she suggested.
“What are you going to tell them?” Matt asked nervously.
“Well, I was thinking of saying something about you being my boyfriend,” she replied.
“Really?” Matt remarked as his face lit up from her declaration.
“Yeah, I thought you figured that out when I spent the night with you.”
“We weren’t intimate...” he replied hesitantly.
“No, but you gave me the key to your dorm and I assumed that you thought of me as your girlfriend. Perhaps I am mistaken, and you give out keys to all the girls you meet?” Melissa smirked.
“Just the cute ones,” Matt replied.
“You’re funny,” Melissa exclaimed as she gently socked him in the arm.
“Ouch!” Matt cried, pretending that his arm was injured.
“Really?” Melissa remarked as she rolled her eyes.
“So, what do you think your parent’s reaction is going to be when you tell them?” Matt questioned.
“They have always liked you, and they trust my judgment, so I think they will be pleased,” Melissa said reassuringly.
“Your mom likes me, but your dad… you know how protective fathers can be.”
“Don’t worry. I’m only going to casually mention we’re boyfriend and girlfriend to get them used to the idea,” Melissa explained.
Matt nodded in agreement. “By the way, thanks again for helping me clean up.”
“I’m always happy to help you,” Melissa replied.
“I know, but I want to make sure you know how much I appreciate it. Your friendship has always been special to me, and I don’t want you to think I take that for granted,” Matt explained.
“I don’t. You have always been respectful, and even when you do make a mistake, it comes from the right place. What more could I ask for from a mere human?” she joked.
“My only concern is that when a friendship turns romantic, if the romance fails, will the friendship also fail?” Matt questioned.
“It might, but then I ask you... should one sit on the sidelines for fear of failure?”
“No, but one should not be reckless either,” Matt contended.
“Reckless!” Melissa laughed. “Is that how you picture yourself? Stop being so serious, we’ll take it nice and slow.”
“I just don’t want to mess things up,” Matt replied with a nervous smile.
“Worrying about things that have not even happened yet is silly. Just remember, I will always tell you things straight up, you won’t have to wonder what I’m thinking or feeling, and I won’t hint around about things. You may not like what I have to say, but a least you will know where I am coming from,” Melissa stated.
“I will try and do the same, but it’s hard for me to expose too much of what I’m feeling or thinking,” Matt admitted.
“If you trust me like I trust you, then know that you can tell me anything, and I will accept you just as you are,” Melissa promised. Matt nodded and then smiled lovingly at her.
“I do trust you above all else, I’m just not used to talking about my inner workings,” Matt confessed.
“That’s okay, I can usually tell what you’re thinking,” Melissa joked as she glanced over at the clock on Matt’s nightstand. “Oh, I better get back to my place and clean it up a bit before my parents arrive. It’s not as spotless as yours.”
“Thanks for cheering me up,” Matt said with a chuckle.
“Any time,” Melissa replied as she kissed him good-by.
Matt sat on the edge of his bed for a moment reflecting on the dynamics of their relationship. When he thought about it, they shared a deep connection that was based on trust and mutual respect, but there seemed to be some invisible third element that he could not articulate. Whatever it was, no one else had ever made him feel so at ease, understood his inner self, and cared for him the way Melissa did.
Chapter 6
Matt finished cleaning up his room and then started working on his homework. After a few hours of mind numbing essay writing, his eyes started to close and his notebook slid down on his lap. Before he realized it, he had fallen into a deep sleep, and was back in the desert walking towards a familiar looking object hovering near the alkali lake. The next thing he knew he was standing inside of a massive spaceship filled with a thick acrid smelling fog. It was difficult to breathe the pungent air at first, but then his lungs slowly acclimated to the alien climate. Out of the corner of his eye he saw a figure slowly approach him from the dimly lit mist. As the stranger approached, he thought it appeared to be humanoid, which struck him as being peculiar since he was obviously on a space ship and was pretty damn sure it wasn’t of earthly origin.
“I know you’re an alien and I’m not afraid,” Matt said aloud. The stranger stopped for a moment and its appearance changed from humanoid to a reptilian creature. Matt wasn’t sure if the creature’s appearance actually changed or if it was just the way his mind was interpreting the dream. Either way, Matt could see the creature was fairly tall, had arms and legs, and a long thin tail. It appeared equally adept at walking bipedally or on all fours. As the creature came closer, Matt could see it was covered in light green scales that seemed almost iridescent. Its hands were multi-jointed and its head was slightly pointed, creating a protruding muzzle that was reminiscent of a velociraptor. The creature was intelligent looking and had two large eyes with deep green diagonal slanting pupils. Its body language was nonthreatening and it seemed curious.
The creature stopped a few feet from Matt and stared intently at him with an inquisitive expression on its face. Matt felt a little bit vulnerable and the creature seemed to sense his apprehension and backed up a step.
“Why are you in my dreams?” Matt asked.
“That’s how we communicate with you,” the creature replied.
“What is the connection between my dreams and the Philadelphia Experiment?” Matt asked.
“Your military developed the technology to shift inanimate objects into another dimension many years ago, but now they are on the verge of being able to shift organic matter into this dimension,” the creature explained.
“What does that mean?” Matt asked.
“Your species has advanced its understanding of physics and mathematics to the point where they know there are multiple dimensions. The ability to transfer objects between these dimensions is called shifting. The dimension you call reality is paired with a similar dimension called hyper-reality. The physics of the two have commonality, but they are not identical. Exploiting these difference can be useful, but also has significant risks. Typically a species’ technological and sociological advances occur in sync with one another, but your species technological advancements have eclipsed your maturity. To make matters worse, the technology to cross over into hyper-reality is in the hands of your military, which is incompatible with its proper use. There are serious risks involved with shifting into and out of hyper-reality, risks to your species and the many others that you might encounter. That’s why we have returned, to prevent the misuse of the technology,” the creature warned.
Matt started to feel overwhelmed, and the dream suddenly ended. As he sat up in his bed and rubbed his forehead, he noticed a warm sensation emanating from the left pocket of his pants. When he reached in to see what was causing it, he discovered it was coming from the stone he had inadvertently left in there after Melissa returned it to him. Matt immediately pulled the stone out and stared at it. In the darkness, he could see it was glowing slightly and then slowly faded as he continued to watch it. Matt knew that quartz was one of the many minerals that could luminesce under the right conditions, but his pocket wasn’t one of them. Perplexed by the stone’s luminescence, and still feeling a bit jolted by the crazy dream, he wasn’t able to go back to sleep. So, he got out his notebook and started writing down all the details he could remember about his dreams to pass the time. When he was finished, he read back through what he had written and realized that each dream was revealing details about past events and at the same time tying in things to come. Matt couldn’t tell if the dreams were premonitions or just his mind’s way of connecting real life events with the fantasies of his imagination.
Matt set his notebook down, and peered out the window when he noticed the sun shining on the window shade. Then he picked up his cell phone and called Melissa.
“Hello?” Melissa said in a sleepy voice.
“Hi, it’s me.” Matt replied.
“Yes… I recognize your voice. What are you doing up so early?” she questioned.
“I couldn’t sleep after having another one of those strange dreams,” Matt remarked. “How did you sleep?” he asked.
“Fine... no weird dreams or anything, but I did miss sleeping next to you,” she said in a sad tone.
“I missed you too,” Matt acknowledged.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there, but I can come over tonight if you like,” she offered.
“I would love that,” Matt replied. Then he proceeded to tell her about the dream and the glowing stone.
“Matt, I know you really believe the dreams are real in some way, but please don’t tell anyone about them. When I see you tonight we can talk all about the dreams and try and figure out their significance,” Melissa suggested.
“Okay, and thanks again for listening to me ramble on. I’m sorry if I woke you,” he apologized.
“Matt, I’m always here for you. I love you, and I look forward to seeing you later,” Melissa added before saying good-bye. Matt felt his heart pounding as he replayed the words ‘I love you’ over and over in his head. The rest of the morning he kept dreaming up different ways to say ‘I love you’ back to her until he decided to just let it happen naturally rather than try and plan it.
After Matt finished breakfast, he headed off to Geology class hoping to catch his teacher before the lecture started. 
“Hi Mr. Swartz,” Matt said in an apprehensive tone.
“Hey, what’s up Matt?” he replied.
“Do you have a minute to take a look at a rock sample I found?” Matt asked.
“Of course,” Mr. Swartz replied as Matt handed him the stone.
“So, where did you find it?” he asked.
“Near an alkali lake in the Panamint Valley,” Matt replied.
“I’m not familiar with that location, where exactly is that?” his teacher asked.
“It’s in the northwestern portion of the Mojave Desert,” Matt replied.
“What prompted you to go way down there?” Mr. Swartz asked.
“My friends and I were studying the Timbisha petroglyphs for our Anthropology class. The rock caught my eye because it was an erratic, but I’m still not sure what geological mechanism placed it in the desert?” 
“Well, you have a keen eye and I’m happy to see that you have been paying attention in my class. It looks like quartz to me, but let’s check the specific gravity and hardness to be certain.” Matt watched as Mr. Swartz carefully weighed the sample and measured its displacement in water. Then he scratch tested it to determine the hardness.
“Alright, with a specific gravity of 2.62, and hardness of 7, it’s definitely quartz. Now I can’t say for sure, but an erratic in the middle of the desert is probably a result of biological activity and not some geological process. That is to say, someone must have dropped it there by accident or for some unknown reason,” Mr. Swartz theorized.
“I thought I noticed it glowing faintly last night when I pulled it out of my pocket. I know certain minerals such as calcite and quartz can do that when the specimen is energized in some way, but I could not find any reason for the quartz glowing since it was just sitting in my pocket,” Matt questioned.
“Well, if you happen to be rubbing the stone, then triboluminescence can cause it to glow. If you were gently heating it, then thermaluminescence might be the cause,” Mr. Swartz suggested.
“It was glowing before I even touched it,” Matt replied. Mr. Swartz rubbed his forehead and then looked at the stone again.
“Quartz and a handful of other less common minerals are piezoelectric, a property in which the crystal can create electrical energy or RF signals when properly stimulated. I know the first CB radios contained slices of quartz tuned to transmit and receive the radio frequencies they operated on,” Mr. Swartz replied.
“That’s really interesting. I didn’t know quartz could do that,” Matt remarked.
“You would have to talk to a physicist who specializes in electromagnetics to confirm whether or not your sample is unique, but it sounds like it might be piezoelectric,” Mr. Swartz added as he handed it back to Matt.
“Thanks for looking at it,” Matt said in an appreciative tone as he put the stone in his pocket.
“You’re welcome,” Mr. Swartz replied with a smile.
Chapter 7
After a long day of classes, Matt returned to his dorm to find Melissa relaxing on the couch and listening to OneRepublic on his radio.
“Hi,” Matt said in an excited tone. “I wasn’t expecting to see you until later tonight.”
“I know, I just thought it would be nice to come over earlier,” Melissa replied.
“So, how did it go with your parents?” Matt asked reluctantly.
“Great, when I mentioned we were a couple, they seemed genuinely happy about it,” she replied.
“Your father was happy?” Matt questioned, knowing he was perpetually grumpy.
“Yes, he seemed pleased, and he even said a couple of nice things about you,” Melissa added.
“And he sounded sincere when he said it?” Matt questioned.
“Yes,” Melissa insisted. “I think my mom must have really hated my old boyfriend Marcus, but she is quite fond of you apparently.”
“I’m relieved that it went well, and I must admit that I never cared much for Marcus either. He was arrogant, selfish, and disrespectful to you,” Matt revealed.
“Yeah, when I got to know him better, I realized how shallow he was and it ended pretty fast after that. You, on the other hand, are generous, intelligent, and loving,” Melissa said with a smile. Matt felt his face flush and he quickly changed the subject.
“I talked to my teacher about the stone today.” 
“What did he say? … and by the way, don’t think I didn’t notice how you just changed topics on me,” she smirked.
“Yeah, that wasn’t my most subtle transition was it?” Matt admitted before continuing on. “Mr. Swartz said the stone is definitely quartz, and that it was probably dropped there by somebody, and not the result of geological activity.”
“Did you tell him about our ordeal with the military?”
“No, and I didn’t mention the strange dreams either,” Matt replied.
“Did your teacher say there was anything unusual about the stone?” Melissa asked.
“Not really, he did say quartz was piezoelectric, and could create or transmit RF signals when properly energized.”
“I guess people who believe in the power of crystals might be onto something,” Melissa remarked.
“Perhaps...” Matt wanted to make a joke about hippies, but decided it might seem offensive to Melissa, since she was an anthro major and respected all cultural choices.
“Do you still think the stone was what the military was after when they searched your room?” Melissa asked.
“I’m not sure... the interrogator seemed obsessed with the idea that we took something from the desert, so either it’s not what they’re looking for, or they don’t know what the ‘artifact’ looks like,” Matt replied.
“Maybe that’s a good thing,” Melissa commented as she patted the cushion next to her. Matt walked over and sat down, then glanced over at the binder on her lap.
“What’s up?” he asked.
“I started deciphering the petroglyphs, and so far I have the hunting scene completed. I also started on what appears to be a Ceremony of the Sun. I was thinking that we should try to relate events depicted in the scenes back to their cultural significance for our presentation. What do you think?”
“Melissa! You’ve done most of the work,” Matt asserted.
“Nonsense, we all agreed that I would decipher the petroglyphs, you would write the presentation, and Greg would present it.”
“I remember that, but I wanted to help you decipher some of the pictures since my portion of the project is easy,” Matt remarked.
“Okay, you can help me compare our photographs to the ones in this book,” Melissa suggested as she handed him the large reference guide.
Matt looked at the title, reading it to himself, “Southwestern Petroglyphs and the Myths of the Early Tribes.”
“It says here that ‘petroglyphs depicting an exaggerated head size indicated intelligence, and was often used for tribal leaders and shamans. Those bigheaded people look a lot like the picture Greg took of the lizard looking person,” he pointed out.
“It sure does,” Melissa agreed.
“The book has a section about visions and dreams that you might find fascinating,” she suggested. Matt quickly flipped to that part of the book and started reading it.
“It says here that ‘visions and dreams often foretold future events and were used as a tool to help guide the tribe’,” Matt remarked.
“I didn’t think you believed in destiny or fate?” Melissa questioned.
“I don’t, but the book makes some good points... what is your take on the whole destiny thing?” he asked.
“I believe everyone has a path to follow. If they stay true to that, their life will have meaning and purpose. If a person chooses to ignore their destiny, then they will always wonder why things didn’t turn out the way they expected them to. Their life will be filled with obstacles and disappointment, and they will struggle to find a sense of stability and happiness,” Melissa replied.
“How do even know what your destiny is when there are thousands of different paths leading in a thousand different directions?” Matt asked. Melissa sat quietly, pondering his question and searching for the words to explain what she felt.
“I think your destiny is defined each time you come to a crossroad and have to make a decision. When you know in your heart what you should do, even if it is not the easiest thing to do, that’s your destiny. It’s that little voice in the back of your head directing you, guiding you, and encouraging you to do the right thing,” she replied.
Matt thought about what she said for a moment, thinking back to the times he ignored that guiding voice she was talking about, and how it frequently lead to unforeseen consequences. He knew she had a brilliant mind, but this revelation seemed particularly impressive.
“I must admit, your argument is difficult to refute, but I’m reluctant to concede that my life is already planned out for me,” Matt remarked.
“I’m not suggesting that it’s set in stone or anything like that, I’m just saying there is a guiding voice encouraging you to make the best choices and get the most out of your life. Free will means you have the power to decide what path you take, but every choice has consequences, some good, and others not so good,” Melissa suggested.
“That makes sense,” Matt acknowledged.
“I have an idea,” Melissa interjected. “Let’s do something together this weekend, just the two of us.”
“What do you have in mind?” Matt asked as his eyes lit up in anticipation.
“I was thinking of driving over to Lake Shasta and renting a cabin. Then we could rent Wave runners, tour the Shasta Caverns, or whatever else we feel like doing,” Melissa suggested.
“That sounds like fun, and we could use a break from the recent events,” Matt acknowledged.
“What do you think about going there this weekend if I can get a cabin by then?” Melissa offered.
“Do you need any help making the arrangements?” Matt asked.
“Not if we finish deciphering the last petroglyph scene tonight, then I’ll have plenty of time to set everything up for the trip tomorrow,” Melissa remarked.
“Alright, which scene is next?” Matt asked.
“How about we use the picture of the horse petroglyphs,” Melissa recommended based on his reverence for them.
“Yeah, that’s a good idea,” Matt replied. Then he started looking through the reference book to see what information it had about them.
Once they finished with the outline of the presentation, Matt got up and stretched his legs. Then he held out his hand in front of Melissa and asked, “Do you want to take a break?” she nodded in agreement as he gently pulled her up from the couch.
“We should go out and get some fresh air,” Melissa suggested.
“Alright,” Matt replied as he followed her out, pausing to double check that the door locked behind them.
The night air was cool and refreshing. Melissa led the way over to the large greenbelt that served as an outdoor study area and park during the day. At night it was more of a hangout for couples or the occasional transient. Matt reached for Melissa’s hand and they strolled along enjoying the peaceful surroundings until they came upon a vacant bench modestly illuminated by a distant light pole. Matt reached into his pocket and pulled out the round stone and rolled it around his palm for a few moments before letting it fall to the ground under the bench. The stone bounced a couple of times before it came to rest amongst the similar looking river rocks that decorated the underside of the benches.
“You’re not keeping it?” Melissa asked in a puzzled tone.
“No, I think it’s time to let it go,” Matt sighed.
“What about the dream where you were told to keep it safe?” Melissa questioned.
“It’s just plain-Jane quartz, with all the same properties as any other quartz specimen,” Matt replied.
“I thought it was special because it was an erratic and had some special electrical properties?” she remarked.
“Mr. Swartz said lots of quartz samples are Piezoelectric, but I only picked it up because I couldn’t figure out what geological process brought it there, now that I know it was discarded by some passer-by, it’s lost its significance to me,” Matt announced.
“I thought it was neat memento from our trip,” Melissa remarked.
“Really, I thought you wanted me to turn it in to the military,” Matt questioned.
“I only said that because I thought it might be dangerous, but I would have kept it simply because it would have been a gift from you,” Melissa replied.
“Would you like me to look for it?” Matt offered as he leaned forward to look under the bench.
“No, the significance is gone,” Melissa joked.
“Why do you always have to be such a pill?” Matt smiled.
“Would you love me more if I were not?” Melissa replied.
“How could I love you more than I already do?” Matt exclaimed.
Melissa did not reply, instead, she leaned towards him and kissed his cheek. Then she sat quietly holding his hand as they watched the moonlight filter through the trees.
When the fog rolled in, Melissa shivered and Matt wrapped his coat around her.
“Thanks,” she whispered. 
“We should head back before it gets too late,” Matt suggested.
“Okay,” Melissa replied, reluctant to see the peaceful evening come to an end. “Are you getting tired?” she asked after a brief pause.
“Yeah, I haven’t slept very well for several days,” Matt replied.
“Then we better get you back and tucked into bed,” Melissa joked.
“You never run out of material do you?” Matt chuckled.
“Nope, and there’s plenty more where that came from,” she stated as they started heading back.
The next morning Matt woke to find Melissa already up and working on their project.
“How did you sleep?” she asked when he came over next to her.
“The best I have in days,” he replied.
“Did you have any more of those strange dreams?” she asked hesitantly.
“No, I didn’t,” Matt remarked with an expression that seemed to be a mixture of relief and disappointment.
Melissa smiled, “Would you like to leave for Lake Shasta tonight or Saturday morning?”
“Today my class ends early, so I’m free this afternoon,” Matt remarked.
“My schedule is light today as well. How about I meet you back here around three?” Melissa suggested.
“Sounds good. I’ll try and get the final draft for our presentation completed before you get here,” Matt announced.
“That would be great, then we’ll be able to give it to Greg early enough for him to practice the presentation before it’s due next Thursday,” Melissa replied.
“It’s all coming together,” Matt remarked as they began getting ready to start their day.
Chapter 8
The afternoon came quickly and Matt was busy packing his things for the trip when he heard a soft knocking at the door. When he reached for the knob, it turned and Melissa came walking in.
“You surprised me,” Matt announced as he gave her a welcoming smile.
“I finished getting ready a little faster than I thought,” she replied.
“Where’s your stuff for the trip?” he questioned when he noticed she wasn’t carrying any luggage. Melissa quickly turned to expose her back, and Matt saw a small pack nestled against her toned shoulders. “It’s all in there… wow! You really know how to pack light,” he exclaimed. Then he pointed over to his bed where an overloaded suitcase was creasing the mattress.
“I hope you didn’t forget anything,” Melissa joked “It looks like you have enough in there for a three week vacation.”
“I like to be prepared for anything.” Matt replied as he walked over to the suitcase and then forced the zipper to close against its will.
Melissa shook her head, thinking it was cute how he always over-planned for stuff.
“Are you ready to go?” she asked after she saw his struggle with the luggage had ended.
“Yep”, he replied and they headed out. Once they reached the edge of the parking lot Matt stopped and looked over at Melissa. “Did you want to take my car or your jeep?”
“The jeep, since we took yours on the last trip.” Then she tossed her keys at him.
“What’s this?” he questioned.
“I want you to chauffeur me, that way I can enjoy the scenery along the way,” Melissa said with a smile.
“Or nap?” Matt smirked.
“I thought you preferred to drive?” she remarked.
“I do... otherwise I get bored,” he admitted.
“Simple pleasures for simple minds,” Melissa joked as she nudged him in the side with her elbow. Matt stuck out his tongue in retaliation and she grabbed it.
“Let go!” he mumbled. Melissa released his tongue and then wiped her hand on his pant leg.
“Damn you’re fast,” he remarked.
“Lightning fast,” Melissa added, referring back to the race in the desert where she had beaten him and Greg to the canyons.
“So, did you make reservations for the cabin?” he asked, subtlety changing the subject. Melissa pulled a piece of paper from her pocket and waved it at him proudly.
“What about the Wave runners and the cave tour?” Matt asked.
“Relax, I took care of everything. I reserved a Wave runner for us and the rental place is within walking distance of the cabins. For the cave tour, we just pay when we get there, reservations aren’t required.” 
“Thanks again for making all the arrangements,” he remarked as he handed her his wallet. Melissa reluctantly took out some cash and then put his wallet back into his pocket.
“You didn’t take very much,” Matt remarked.
“I took exactly half of what it cost,” she replied. Matt didn’t bother arguing with her. He knew she was honest, and if she had taken less than half, it wasn’t polite to complain if she wanted to be generous.
Matt drove along route 299 until they reached I-5. Then he headed north towards Lake Shasta.
“Keep an eye out for the town of Lakehead,” Melissa commented. “That’s where the cabins are located.”
“How far is it to the turn off?” Matt asked.
“About 30 miles,” she replied.
Matt turned on the radio and a classic rock station started playing. 
“You like this station too?” he remarked.
“I listen to it once in a while,” she replied. Matt smiled as he thought how well matched they seemed to be for each other. Then he turned up the volume a little when a song came on that they both liked. Melissa started singing the words and then nudged Matt to join in as they continued down the road.
“It looks like we’ll get there just before sunset,” Melissa remarked when they passed a road sign indicating Lakehead was only two more miles. “It would be nice to go for a swim if there’s time,” she added.
“Okay,” Matt responded with a nod.
“I can’t remember the last time I saw you wear shorts,” Melissa remarked.
“That’s because I have neon white legs, and I burn in seconds,” Matt replied.
“You have nice muscular legs,” Melissa contended.
“You’re very kind... biased, but kind,” he said with a smile.
“There’s the turn off,” Melissa announced.
Matt turned down the dusty road and then slowed as the trees thinned out. In the distance Lake Shasta was illuminated a fiery red as the setting sun reflected off its rippling water. Matt continued down the road until he saw the cabins nestled along the lake’s edge. Then he parked next to the cabin that had a sign hanging from it with the word ‘office’ painted in bold white letters. Melissa jumped out of the jeep and went inside. A moment later an elderly lady peeked out, smiled and then waved at him before going back inside.
“What was that about?” Matt asked as Melissa returned a few minutes later.
“I told the owner it was our honeymoon, so she gave us the best cabin on the lake,” Melissa replied.
“You lied?” Matt questioned, still blushing a little as he thought about what she had said.
“It was a white lie,” Melissa admitted. Matt could not fault her for what she had said. If she was thinking about a honeymoon, then she must have also considered they might get married. 
“Which cabin is it?” Matt asked as he was still reflecting on the honeymoon comment.
“The owner said it was at the end of the road, off by itself and close to the water.”
Matt headed down the road, looking at the cabins as he drove. They were spaced a respectable distance apart and each one was nestled in a group of tall ponderosas.
“That’s it!” Melissa announced as she pointed at a cabin outlined by the fading light. Matt parked and unloaded their belongings as Melissa ran over to the cabin and unlocked the door.
“Come see it... it’s so cute,” she exclaimed with excitement. Matt trotted over, trying not to drop his suitcase or her pack. Then he peeked in before setting the luggage down by the door. 
“I like it,” he remarked. The cabin was small as he expected, but it seemed very clean and cozy which he liked. In the corner there was a little wood-burning stove, and the main room had a nice large window that looked out over the lake. “That’s cool,” he added after peering out the window. Then he went over to the bedroom and looked around. 
“Let’s go down to the water and check it out,” Melissa suggested once Matt finished unpacking his things.
“Okay,” Matt replied as he followed her out. The night air was warm, and the gentle breeze was filled with the faint aroma of evergreens.
“What a beautiful evening,” Melissa commented as she knelt down and felt the water. “It’s perfect for swimming,” she noted. 
“Oh, that does feel nice,” Matt remarked after testing it for himself.
“Want to go in?” Melissa said with smile.
“Sure. I’ll run back and change into my swim trunks.” 
“You silly boy it’s dark out and there’s nobody around. We can skinny dip,” she suggested. Matt tried to think of some reason not to, but while he was making up a reason in his head, Melissa removed her clothes and then waded out into the water.
“Come on, the water’s great!” she insisted. Matt looked around nervously for a moment, then he quickly removed his clothes, and headed out into the water until his midsection was covered. Melissa swam gracefully near him as he continued further out. Then he stopped where he could still touch the bottom and watched as her slender silhouette glided effortlessly through the tranquil water. He always thought she was beautiful, but under the moonlight, swimming in the buff, she was irresistible. Matt pushed off with his feet and started to swim out in her direction. When she saw him approaching, she submerged out of sight. Matt slowed his pace, uncertain of her location, until he felt her brush against his leg. A moment later she surfaced next to him and gazed into his eyes lovingly. As he looked at her, he couldn’t help but notice how the drops of water ran down from her long black hair and fell gently onto her breasts. Before he could look away, Melissa reached out and pulled him towards her. He felt her soft warm body pressing firmly against his and she gently kissed his neck. Then she wrapped her legs around his waist and reached down along his inner thigh. Matt felt his face flush as she started to move rhythmically back and forth in a slow rolling motion that matched the gentle waves of the lake. Matt felt his heart pounding as the muscles in his body tensed up, followed by an overwhelming euphoric sensation that made every other pleasure he had experienced seem insignificant. Melissa felt it too, responding with a few soft pleasurable sounds as they continued to share the passionate moment. Then she nestled her head against his chest when she was done and Matt whispered, “I love you” softly into her ear. Those three little words sent a warm shiver down her spine as she felt as if her soul had joined with the person she loved with all her heart.
Chapter 9
The next morning Melissa woke to the sound of a raven squawking in a tree just outside of the cabin window. When she turned to look at the bird, it squawked several more times as if it was trying to get her attention. Melissa ignored the bird and moved over next to Matt so she could snuggle up against him. A smile crossed her face each time she thought about the night before. She had never felt such a deep love for someone as she did with him. He made everything they did together seem natural and meaningful. She felt like the more time they spent together the more she wanted to be with him. Then she smirked as she thought about how he blushed over the little embarrassing things that she would do or say. It was as if that innocent little boy she had grown up with was still there, trying to hide underneath a hard protective exterior. But he could not fool her, she knew he was a loving, caring person. He was the kind of soul that only kept feelings buried deeply inside because he felt vulnerable. She believed it was time for his cocoon to pop-open and release the hidden potential inside of him.
As Melissa turned and looked out the window again, the raven squawked at her several more times.
“What’s all that fuss about?” Matt asked in a sleepy tone.
“I think he is begging for a handout,” Melissa replied.
“There are some peanuts in my suitcase,” Matt responded, still half asleep. 
“Of course there are,” Melissa chuckled as she got up to get them. Then she opened the window slightly and tossed the nuts out. The raven dove down and then squawked as if to say ‘thank you’ before flying off. 
“What would you like to do today?” Melissa asked as she got back into bed. Matt blinked a few times to clear his sleepy eyes before responding.
“What about taking out the Wave runner later this morning, and then catching the cave tour later in the afternoon when it gets too hot to do much else?” Matt suggested.
“That sounds perfect,” Melissa replied. “I reserved us a two-seater, so we can ride together or single if we like.”
“Good,” Matt replied thinking that it would be more fun to share one than have to ride alone. He also liked the idea of having her close by in the deeper water because he was not a very strong swimmer.
After lounging around for a little while longer, Melissa got up and went out to the jeep for a few minutes. When she returned Matt was getting dressed and she set a bag of mini-donuts down on the counter next to him.
“You made me breakfast,” Matt joked.
“Yep, fresh from the junk food isle,” she remarked as they both helped themselves.
Once they were done with the gourmet breakfast, they walked over to the wave runner rental shop and Melissa picked out a bright metallic blue wave runner from the row of rentals. Then she motioned for Matt to climb on after the owner gave them a laundry list of do’s and don’ts and then had them sign a liability waver. Then the older gentleman handed Melissa the key and waved good-bye. Once the owner was gone, Melissa started up the wave runner and carefully navigated it out of the tiny makeshift marina.
“Hold on tight,” she warned when they reached the open water. Then she cranked open the throttle and Matt had to hold on for his life. He was amazed at how fast she liked to go, and how fearless she was. The wave runner zipped across the water’s surface giving Matt butterflies whenever Melissa turned sharply or jumped across the wake.
“Your turn,” Melissa insisted after she had crossed the inlet near the cabins several times. 
“Okay,” Matt said nervously as they exchanged places on the wave runner. He started out slow at first, and then gradually gave the watercraft more and more throttle as he became comfortable with it.
“You’re a natural,” Melissa remarked as he started to go faster and faster each time he circled the cove.
“It’s just like riding a motorcycle.” Matt replied as he thought back to the countless miles of trails he had covered on his dual-sport looking for old mines and geological sites around Humboldt County.
After a few hours of trading off driving the wave runner, Melissa signaled it was time to head back. 
“We have to return it before 1:00pm to get the half day rate,” she said reluctantly.
“Okay,” Matt replied. “My arms are starting to get tired anyway,” he added.
“Mine too,” Melissa replied.
After they parked the wave runner at the dock, the elderly man came down from the office to check it back in.
“Did you kids have a good time?” he asked sounding somewhat sincere.
“That was so much fun,” Matt replied. “Next time we come here we will have to do this again!”
“That’s nice,” the old man said as he secured the wave runner to the pylon.
“So, would my little geologist like to see the Shasta Caverns next?” Melissa said with a smile as they started heading back.
“Yeah,” Matt replied eagerly.
Once they got back to the cabin, they changed out of their wet clothing and then headed out. Matt drove while Melissa navigated using the map on her smart phone.
The caverns were only twenty minutes from the cabins and they arrived in time to make the 2:15 tour. The tour started out with a pleasant boat ride across the lake to a remote beach below the caverns. Then they boarded a large bus that took them up a steep winding one-way road that clung to the side of the cliff like a mountain goat. Matt peered out the window and saw the lake shimmering in the afternoon sun hundreds of feet below.
“Look,” he said to Melissa pointing down the sheer cliff. Melissa peered over his shoulder at the emerald green water and smiled when she saw several wave runners zipping across its surface playfully.
The bus stopped at a large parking area at the cavern entrance and Melissa followed Matt off the bus.
“That was quite a ride,” she commented.
“Now I know why the gift shop sells T-shirts imprinted with the saying, ‘I Survived the Bus Ride to the Shasta Caverns’.” Matt remarked as they walked over to the cave entrance. Once inside, Melissa stayed unusually close to Matt, as they ascended a narrow passageway leading up towards a large cavern.
“Are you all right?” he asked, noticing the subtle change in her behavior.
“I’m fine. It’s a bit chilly in here, that’s all,” she replied. Matt wrapped his arm around her and held her close. When they entered the large underground room, Matt noticed that she seemed more at ease once they spread out from the tour group to look at the striking formations.
“Are you claustrophobic?” Matt asked in a soft tone, trying not to offend her.
“A little bit,” she replied with a tentative smile.
“You recommended a cave tour even though you are claustrophobic?” he remarked.
“I knew this was something you really wanted to do.”
Matt kissed her cheek and then held her hand. “If you want to go back at any time just say the word.”
“No, I should face my fears and the formations are truly amazing,” she added while looking around at the glistening white stalactites and stalagmites.
“This is so cool,” Matt exclaimed as he leaned over the rope to get a closer look at one of the travertine columns.
“Calm down, you’re on the verge of geological overload,” Melissa joked.
Matt smiled and then rushed over to look at a formation called ‘Peanut Brittle’ and the one next to it labeled ‘Soda Straws’.
“Those are some creative names,” Melissa commented when she noticed every formation bore the name of what it resembled.
“I know... geologists tend to be linear thinkers,” Matt remarked.
“You’re imaginative,” Melissa contended.
“That’s because I don’t want you to think I’m boring,” Matt asserted as he became momentarily distracted by an interesting formation up ahead.
Melissa trailed after him, pleased that he seemed to be enjoying the tour so much. 
When they started back towards the surface, Matt moved to the front of the line figuring Melissa would prefer to be among the first ones out.
“Thanks so much for bringing me here,” Matt said in a appreciative tone as they exited the cavern.
“My pleasure... what kind of girlfriend would I be if I planned a trip to Lake Shasta and didn’t take you to see its world famous caverns?” she replied.
“You know me all too well,” Matt replied as he reached down to grab a small piece of gray limestone from the parking lot to keep as a memento.
“That was really neat.” Melissa said as they boarded the bus.
“So the cave tour didn’t scare you too much?”
“Not after we got off that cramped staircase,” she replied.
“Well, thanks again for planning the whole trip, I can’t remember having a better vacation,” he remarked in an appreciative tone.
“You’re welcome,” Melissa said with a warm smile.
When they reached the gift shop on the other side of the lake, Matt headed over towards the restrooms.
“I need to make a pit stop,” he remarked.
“So do I,” Melissa said as she cut in front of him and smirked. Matt shook his head and when she went inside, he rushed over to the jewelry counter and asked to see a cute little antique gold ring that had caught his eye on the way in.
“That’s our nicest piece,” the woman behind the counter said as she handed it to him. Matt slowly turned the band over several times. He really liked how the delicate floral scrollwork wrapped around the edges and lead up to a striking deep blue sapphire on the top. 
“I’ll take it,” Matt said as he looked back to make sure Melissa wasn’t behind him. Then he quickly paid for it, and carefully set it inside his pocket. A moment later he saw Melissa outside the restroom looking around for him. He waved, and acted like nothing was going on as he nonchalantly moved away from the jewelry counter.
“Look at all the junk,” she said while holding up a cheaply made replica of a stalagmite. Matt laughed as she set the trinket down.
“Would you like to get something to eat?” he suggested trying to discourage her from noticing the jewelry counter.
“Yeah, I’m a little hungry,” she remarked while patting her stomach.
“I saw a hamburger stand on the other side of the parking lot,” Matt suggested.
“That sounds really good,” she replied.
After Matt ordered their hamburgers, they sat quietly enjoying the view of the lake while the last boatload of tourists headed out.
“Where has the day gone?” Melissa commented.
“I don’t know, but I have enjoyed every second of it,” Matt replied as he gazed into her eyes, wondering how he could have gotten so lucky. She was so perfect in so many ways, it made him feel a bit undeserving.
“What are you thinking about?” Melissa asked as she gazed back at him.
Matt felt the urge to make something up, but knew she would see right through any deception. “I was thinking how wonderful you are… and wondering if you don’t deserve so much more than I can offer.”
“Matt!” she scolded. “You’re a wonderful guy, and I don’t like it when you put yourself down. Would you like me to list all of your qualities?”
“No! Please don’t do that,” Matt replied sincerely, hoping she would not embarrass him.
“Okay, but attempts to decry your abilities will be countered with accolades,” Melissa declared.
“I guess we should head back to the cabin,” Matt suggested, not wanting to upset her further. Melissa nodded in agreement and they left after finishing their meal.
When they got back to the cabin, the sun was starting to set over the lake, so they cuddled up on the bed and watched it. The sky slowly turned from a bright red to a rich purple, and then slowly faded to gray.
“This has been such a wonderful trip,” Matt said in a soft voice.
“I’m glad you’re enjoying it. I just wanted us to have a fun time together, and show you how much I care about you,” Melissa replied. 
Matt reached into his pocket and felt the gold ring for encouragement as he looked deeply into her sweet blue eyes. Melissa noticed his lips were quivering slightly and he seemed to be holding back something urgent.
“Is everything okay?” she asked.
“Yeah,” Matt replied as he reached for her hand. “Melissa, will you marry me?” 
“Yes, of course I will. I love you so much,” she replied. Matt gently slid the ring onto her finger and kissed her hand. Melissa glanced down at it through watery eyes and said, “It’s so beautiful, thank you.” Then she leaned forward and hugged him tightly. Matt could feel a few stray tears falling against his back as they embraced, and he had never felt such joy and happiness.
Chapter 10
The next morning Matt noticed Melissa had already gotten up and was sitting outside on the large rock near the water’s edge. After putting on his clothes, he walked out and joined her down by the lake.
“Is the pretty stone in the center a Sapphire?” she asked.
“Yeah, I knew that sapphire was your birthstone and since it symbolizes love, passion, and tenderness, I thought you might like it over a diamond ring,” Matt said in a hopeful tone.
“I absolutely love it!” she exclaimed.
“I was so nervous that you weren’t ready for me to propose to you,” Matt remarked.
“Well, after a week of being your girlfriend, I was starting to wonder if it was ever going to happen,” Melissa joked. “But seriously, I’ve known you since I was a little girl, so it’s not like I’m rushing into this blind.”
“That’s what I was thinking,” Matt added as he looked out over the lake, admiring its beauty.
“I guess I should go take my shower,” Melissa said after a few minutes.
“Okay, I’ll start packing up what I can,” Matt replied as he followed her back to the cabin.”
After she was finished with her shower, he went in to take his. The water started to get cold soon after he started, so he quickly rinsed the soap off his body and turned the shower off.
“You used all the hot water,” he remarked. In the background he could hear Melissa giggling, and then he noticed his towel was missing.
“Melissa… have you seen my towel?
“Nope,” she replied in a playful tone.
“Melissa, bring it back,” he demanded.
“Come out and look for it,” she replied.
Matt pulled back the shower curtain just enough to look out and see if his clothes were still on the vanity or not. 
“Melissa, give me back my stuff,” he insisted.
“Okay,” she replied, tossing a small washcloth over the curtain rod.
“That’s real funny... it won’t even cover my special no-no place,” he replied.
Matt held the washcloth over his private parts as best as he could before stepping out of the shower.
“Can I have my towel now?” he asked.
“Come and get it,” she replied, waving it like a matador just out of his reach. Matt lunged for the towel and then chased after her. As she jumped across the bed, Matt followed after her, but he stumbled and before he could get up, she was smacking his backside with the towel.
“Oh!” You’re going to pay for that!” he swore.
“Maybe, but it was worth it,” she giggled while keeping her distance from him.
Realizing he could not catch her, he pretended he was done trying to, then when she looked away for a second, he grabbed the towel and pulled her in.
“Let me go!” she shrieked, as he tickled her sides unmercifully. Then when he felt she had been punished enough, he let her go.
“You might be faster, but I’m still stronger,” Matt exclaimed.
“I know,” Melissa admitted as she reached over and felt his bicep. Then she removed the towel from his lap and straddled him.
“What are you doing,” Matt asked in a suspicious tone.
“To the victor go the spoils,” she exclaimed.
After she was done, they finished packing up their things and headed out to the jeep. Melissa took one last look at the cabin and then they drove to the office and turned in the key on their way out. There was an element of sadness in the air as they left the resort. Melissa looked back at the lake several times until it was obscured by the trees.
“When do you want to have the wedding?” Matt asked in an effort to break the solemn mood.
“In the spring or early summer… I want the weather to be nice,” Melissa replied looking less forlorn.
“Where should we have it?” he asked next.
Melissa pondered the question for a while and then she thought of the one place that she had fallen in love with years ago.
“What about Yosemite Valley?” she suggested.
“That’s a great idea... with picturesque mountains and waterfalls, it would be an awesome place for a wedding,” Matt remarked.
Melissa knew Matt had been there several times on Geology field trips and he often referred to it as California’s most beautiful destination. She also felt personally connected to Yosemite because she had gone there backpacking with her family many times. It seemed like the ideal place to get married, and as they drove back home, she kept planning out different aspects of the wedding in her head.
Chapter 11
When Melissa and Matt pulled into the campus parking lot they saw a police car with it lights flashing down by the green belt park. Matt drove past them and parked in a vacant spot across from the dorms. As they walked past the cop cars they could see a homeless looking man being handcuffed by one of the park benches near the spot where he and Melissa liked to hang out. Then as they started to cut across the park, the homeless man looked over at Matt and yelled, “You have to stop the secret military project before it’s too late!” Matt stared at the man, mortified by what he had said to him. One of the cops glanced up at Matt for an instant, and then told him to ‘move along’. Then the cops lifted the man off the park bench and started walking him towards their patrol car.
“Did you hear what that man said to you?” Melissa asked when the cops were out of sight.
“Yes,” Matt replied, seeming jolted by the incident.
“Do you know that person?” she questioned, hoping that he did.
“No, I’ve never seen him before,” Matt replied as he stared over at the park bench. Then a terrible feeling started to well up inside him as he realized it was the same park bench that he and Melissa had been sitting on several days ago. “Oh crap!” he said in a disconcerting tone.
“What is it?” Melissa asked.
“That damn stone is the key to the dreams!” he suddenly realized.
“What are you talking about?” Melissa questioned.
“That man must have fallen asleep on the bench where I discarded the stone the other night. That’s how he knows about the secret project,” Matt exclaimed. Melissa’s expression suddenly changed as she came to the same conclusion. Then she followed Matt over to the bench, looking over his shoulder apprehensively as he searched under the bench for the rock.
“Is that it?” she asked as Matt picked out a small round stone from the other similar looking rocks.
“Yeah,” he acknowledged, after inspecting it.
“What are you going to do with it?” she asked nervously.
“If I am right about the stone, then all I have to do is have it near me when I’m sleeping to learn more about its message,” he asserted.
“Do you think that’s dangerous?” Melissa questioned.
“I don’t think so, but I can always get rid of it if I don’t like what I find out in the dreams,” Matt said reassuringly.
“Promise me you will,” Melissa insisted.
“I promise,” Matt replied.
“I think I might stay over at my dorm tonight,” Melissa remarked, as she looked suspiciously at the stone.
“Because of the dreams?” he asked.
“Yes, I don’t like them. It makes me feel uneasy and vulnerable,” she admitted.
“I can put the stone in my car whenever you are at my place,” Matt offered.
“Okay,” Melissa replied, sounding relieved by his suggestion since she didn’t want to spend the night away from him.
Matt gave her a kiss and then took the stone to his car and hid it in the trunk under the spare tire. Then he took a similar looking rock and placed it in the top part of the trunk thinking it might fool the military if they came looking for it again.
After he was done, he headed over to his dorm room and saw Melissa putting a few of her things in his bathroom cabinet.
“Are you moving in?” he asked in a hopeful tone.
“I wish I could, but we would both get kicked out of the dorms if they caught us living together,” she remarked.
“Then maybe we should rent a place off campus?” Matt suggested.
“That would be so wonderful, but we could never afford to rent a house, and you know all of the dorms are full when school is in session,” she reminded him.
“If we had the money to rent our own place would you do it?” Matt asked hypothetically.
“Of course,” Melissa said in a wishful tone.
“Do you remember when my grandma passed away a couple of years ago?” Matt asked in a sad voice.
“Yes. I remember you were very close to her.”
“Well she left me a little money,” Matt replied.
“I thought she left everything to your father?” 
“No. My father and my grandmother never saw eye to eye towards the end, so to make a long story short, I was her beneficiary,” Matt disclosed.
“Didn’t that upset your dad?” Melissa asked.
“Not at all, he knew I would use the money to go to college,” Matt replied.
“I had no idea,” Melissa remarked.
“I know, you see my junky car, my ratty blue jeans, and you figure I’m barely getting by. The truth is, I just like to be careful with what I have so that someday I can get a nice house with the person I love,” Matt said with a smile.
“So I’m marrying into money?” Melissa said jokingly. 
“See for yourself,” Matt remarked as he pulled a recent withdrawal slip out of his wallet and then handed it to her.
“Good grief Matt, I wasn’t serious,” Melissa replied as she refused the paper.
“We’re getting married, and I don’t want there to be any secrets between us,” Matt insisted as he held the slip up for her to see.
“I’m not looking,” Melissa replied as she averted her eyes. “My love for you has no bearing on your net worth. In truth, I know money does make certain aspects of life easier, but it in no way changes how I feel about you. Rich or poor, I love you just the way you are.”
“It’s not very much anyway,” Matt exclaimed as he put the paper back into his wallet. “I still think we should look for a place off-campus if you really are serious about living together.”
“I would definitely like to, but only if we share the expenses. It’s important to me to contribute my fair share,” Melissa insisted.
“I understand,” then he reached for her hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. “I want to be with you every waking minute, and when I’m asleep, I want you there with me too.”
Chapter 12
The next morning Melissa gave Matt a good-bye kiss and headed off to class. Matt lounged about for a while, and then decided he had better call his parents and tell them the good news about his engagement to Melissa.
The phone rang a few times and then his dad answered, “Hello?” he said in a gruff voice.
“Hi dad, is mom there?”
“Hang on son, I’ll get her.” Matt could hear his father yelling, “Karen… your son is on the phone... here she is,” he dad announced.
“How are you?” his mom asked in a warm loving tone.
“I couldn’t be better,” he replied.
“You sound more upbeat than usual,” his mom questioned.
“That’s because I have some very exciting news,” he hinted.
“What is it?” his mom responded with anticipation.
“Melissa and I are getting married!” 
“Oh my goodness!” she shrieked in in his ear. Then Matt heard her yelling to his father, “Matt’s getting married!”
“Tell him, it’s about damn time he asked her,” his father replied.
“Oh my, we’re so happy for you and Melissa. What wonderful news.” she exclaimed, barely able to contain her excitement. “Tell me how it happened,” she asked between breaths.
Matt proceeded to describe the weekend trip to Lake Shasta, and how he proposed to her by the lake at sunset.
“Oh, that’s so romantic,” his mom replied after he was done. “Have you decided when and where you are going to have the wedding?”
“We were thinking of having it in Yosemite Valley next spring or summer,” Matt answered.
“That would be wonderful; it’s such a beautiful place. What do Melissa’s parents think of your plans?” Matt paused for a moment, caught off-guard by the question.
“She hasn’t told them yet, but I think she’s planning on telling them tonight?” he said with a hint of uncertainty.
“Well, your father and I are very proud of you, and if you need any help with the wedding let us know.”
“Thanks mom. I love you. I’m sorry I have to go, but my class is going to start soon and they don’t like it if you walk in late.”
“Okay honey, congratulations, we’re very happy for you.”
After he hung up the phone, he breathed a sigh of relief. Then he looked over at the clock, and grabbed his backpack before heading off to class.
Throughout the day Matt kept thinking about Melissa, and wondering how her parents were going to react to the news. He felt a bit uneasy not knowing if they would disapprove or not, but he also knew Melissa was not easily swayed once her mind was made up. If anything, she would just suggest delaying the wedding for a while to give her parents more time to warm up to the idea.
After Matt finished the last class of the day he returned to his dorm to find a note from Melissa saying she would be over later. Knowing he couldn’t test his theory about the stone with her there, he decided to retrieve it from his car and take a quick nap to try it out. If he was right, the stone would influence his dreams and he could learn more about the message hidden within it.
Soon after Matt closed his eyes, and he was back inside the alien spaceship. His lungs labored at first, but as he continued to take deep breaths they adjusted to the dense air just as they did before. After a few moments a familiar shape appeared from the dimly lit mist and walked over to him.
“You must take better care of the dreamstone. It was intended for you,” the creature scolded.
“How does it work?” Matt asked.
“The stone allows our species to communicate with yours on a level that is not disruptive to your psyche,” the creature explained.
“Why does it only work when I’m asleep?”
“Humans are fearful of new things, but when you dream, your brain is capable of exploring that which you deem irrational or unconventional. Fear is contained, and your imagination is only limited by the scope of your creativity. By communicating with you in this way, we eliminate the cultural shock, stress and fear that would normally result from direct contact with us,” the creature explained.
“So, I’m not really in a dream right now, am I?” Matt asked.
“It is a dream in the sense that you are asleep, but unlike a normal dream, our conversation and what you are experiencing are not made up by your mind, it is real,” the creature divulged. Matt gulped, but there was comfort in knowing that the dreams were not a warning that he was losing grip with reality.
“When my friends and I were in the hotel together, only Melissa and I were contacted in our sleep, why weren’t all of us affected by the stone?” Matt asked.
“The dreamstone only works on individuals with an open mind,” the creature replied.
“Is that why you picked me?” Matt questioned.
“Yes, you have already accepted the idea that there is life beyond your planet. You are not prone to irrational fears like most other humans, and though you do not understand it yet, you know there are other realms to your reality,” the creature asserted.
“In our last encounter, you said our military was on the verge of being able to using hyper-reality in a dangerous way, but what I can do to help expose or stop that?” Matt asked, knowing that he had no connection to the secret project.
“We can not risk direct contact with your species because it would result in mass hysteria and a military response. What we are hopeful of, is that you will locate a suitable person on the inside that would be receptive to our help so we can prevent the misuse of the technology,” the creature replied.
“I have no idea how I’m going to accomplish that task,” Matt exclaimed.
“Every culture has layers, factions, or special groups of like-minded individuals, you just need to find the one that connects you to the project,” the creature insisted.
“I’ll try,” Matt replied.
“That’s all that we ask,” the creature remarked.
“Do you have a name?” Matt blurted out as the creature turned and started to walk away.
The creature stopped and looked back at him for a moment, “My name is Helios,” he replied.
“Can you show me around your ship before you go?” Matt asked. Helios hissed rhythmically several times in what appeared to be a laugh, and then the dream suddenly ended. Matt immediately got up and recorded everything that happened in his notebook while it was still fresh in his mind. After he was finished with that, he took the dreamstone back to his car and locked it in the trunk.
Chapter 13
Matt heard a familiar knock at the door and rushed over to open it. Melissa walked in, and gave him a kiss.
“What smells so good?” she asked looking in the direction of the kitchen.
“I made lasagna,” Matt replied.
“You’re going to make someone a wonderful husband,” Melissa said smirking.
“Is your sister available?” Matt asked trying to keep a straight face.
“No, but there’s a cute little tart down at the pizza shop that would be perfect for you. You know the one that has all the scabs around her mouth?” Melissa suggested.
“Ah yes, she is a treat, but I am behind on my vaccinations so I’m not sure it will work out,” Matt remarked.
“Oh, by the way, my parents are stopping by my dorm tonight, so unfortunately I can’t stay too long after dinner,” Melissa said with a disappointed look.
“I know. Tonight is the big night. Are you nervous about telling them that you are engaged?” Matt asked.
“Yes, but I think they’ll be excited about it,” Melissa replied.
“I hope so,” Matt remarked, looking a bit unsure.
“Did you tell your folks yet?” Melissa asked.
“Yes, and they were very excited about my choice of fiancés,” 
“Choice? How many girls did you ask to marry you?” Melissa teased as she waited for his reply.
“Just you, you’re the only girl I have ever fallen for,” Matt insisted.
“Good answer,” Melissa exclaimed as Matt handed her a plate of lasagna and sat down at the table with her.
When they finished Matt started to clean up and Melissa leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek. “Thank you for dinner. I’ll sneak back over here once my parents have gone.”
“Okay,” Matt remarked as he locked the door behind her and then retired to the couch to watch some TV. As he flipped through the channels he couldn’t find anything to hold his interest. It seemed like every program was either violence and destruction, or some villainous plot to conquer the world. After turning the TV off, Matt started thinking about how Helios had described humans as socially primitive despite being technologically advanced. It made Matt wonder if we were judged solely by our warlike actions, then other species might conclude we were too barbaric to join the galactic community. Then he wondered if that was the real reason Helios’s race had come to earth, to contain our species as if it were a disease that could not be allowed to spread to other worlds. It didn’t seem implausible, and Matt hoped that Helios had also seen the brighter side of humanity. The times when humans showed compassion for one another and the other creatures of the earth, times when people pulled together for the greater good when there had been some natural disaster or tragedy. It seemed that human beings shined brightest when things were at their worst... if only those qualities were permanent, what a different place the world would be, he imagined. Matt’s train of thought was abruptly interrupted when his cell phone rang.
“Hello,” he said, but all he could hear on the other end was crying.
“Melissa? Is that you?” he asked in a worried tone.
“Yeah,” her jittery voice replied through the sobbing.
“What’s the matter?” Matt asked frantically.
“I told my parents about our engagement, and my dad became very upset. He started yelling at me... claiming I was too young to be married and that I needed to finish college before making other commitments.”
“Did your mom agree with him?” Matt asked in disbelief.
“Not exactly, but once my dad started yelling, she didn’t say much,” Melissa replied as she started to cry again.
“It’s going to be alright, your father will calm down, and when he does your mother will advocate for you. She is the voice of reason and she will convince him that you are not going to drop out of school or ruin your life just because you’re engaged,” Matt insisted.
“Are you sure?” Melissa questioned in a hopeful tone.
“Absolutely, you know how protective your father is, he’s just worried you’ll get pregnant and drop out of college.”
“He had better know I would never do that,” Melissa contended.
“Well even if that’s not his fear, I’m sure he still thinks of you as his little girl and probably can’t picture you being old enough to get married. Give him some time to accept the news, and I bet your mom will be able to smooth things over for you,” Matt said in a promising voice.
“She has always supported me in the past, but this seems to have taken them both by surprise,” Melissa remarked.
“If you’re not ready to get married, I completely understand. Even if you just need some more time to consider it, that’s perfectly fine with me. I don’t want you to feel pressured into it, and I don’t want this to create a rift between you and your parents,” Matt stated.
“Oh, we’re getting married. I love you and I am certainly old enough to make my own decisions,” Melissa declared. Matt was pleased to hear the determination in her voice, and it revealed just how much she loved him.
“Do you still want to come over tonight, or do you need some space?” Matt asked.
“I’m still coming over; just give me a few minutes to get my things ready and I’ll be right there. Thanks again for the moral support... I love you so much,” Melissa replied.
“I love you too,” Matt said in a tender voice before hanging up. He felt bad that things did not go well for her, but at least he could provide a shoulder for her to cry on. Usually it was Melissa comforting him, but this time he could return the favor.
After a few minutes, Matt heard a soft knocking at his door and he ran and opened it.
“Are you alright?” he asked as he wrapped his arms around her slender waist.
“I’m okay... thank you for being so supportive,” she said as he continued to hold her tight.
“You don’t need to thank me for reciprocating what you’ve done for me so many times in the past,” Matt remarked as he reflected back to Junior High where he was frequently teased for being shy and introverted. Melissa was one of the more popular kids in school, and when she took him under her wing the harassment ended. Her kindness and support back when he had few friends meant more to him than she could have ever imagined.
Melissa plopped her backpack down on his bed and started unpacking her things. By the sheer volume of stuff that she had brought this time, Matt could tell she was planning to stay for a while.
“Is that just for one night?” he asked jokingly.
“Now that we are engaged, I was thinking we should live together,” she replied with a twinkle in her eyes.
“I thought you were worried that we would get kicked out of our dorms?” Matt questioned.
“Weren’t we planning on leaving anyway?” Melissa said with a smile.
“Yeah,” Matt acknowledged as he watched Melissa finish unpacking her things.
“I’ve did find several places online that might work for us,” Melissa suggested.
“Wow, you’re not wasting any time on this,” Matt commented.
“I found one in particular that sounds cute. It’s a one bedroom, one bath home with a large private backyard. Should I call and see if it’s still available tomorrow?” Melissa asked.
“Sure,” Matt replied with a smile.
“What are you working on?” Melissa asked when she noticed a notebook sitting on the edge of his bed.
“It’s a record of all my encounters involving the dreamstone,” Matt replied.
“Dreamstone?” Melissa questioned.
“Yeah, that’s what Helios calls the stone,” Matt replied.
“Is he the stranger in the dreams?” Melissa asked hesitantly.
“Yes, he is,” Matt replied while Melissa opened the notebook and started reading a few pages.
“You wrote that the dreamstone is interactive. I thought it only transmitted strange messages into your dreams?” she remarked.
“It’s so much more than just a message, the dreamstone is a communication device. You can ask questions and get the answers while you’re inside the dream world,” Matt revealed.
“You mean the dreams are real?” Melissa asked, with a look of concern and intrigue.
“Yes, it allows direct communication with the aliens whenever you’re asleep and have the stone nearby,” Matt stated in such a way that Melissa could tell he had tested it.
“That would make the dreamstone the Archeological find of the century!” Melissa gasped as the implications of it started to set in. “Oh my... it proves that extraterrestrials have come to our planet and there are completely new cultures that we can learn from... it means you were right all along, there is complex life out there...” Melissa exclaimed, mentally paralyzed by the endless possibilities.
“I know, but it only works if you have an open mind and are not trying to subvert it in some way.”
Once Melissa came to grips with the realization that the dreams were real, she continued to read Matt’s notebook until she finished the most recent entry.
“You actually talked to Helios today?” she asked after setting the notebook down on her lap.
“I did, and from what I can tell, he is the liaison for his species, and has asked me to help expose the military’s secret project,” Matt remarked.
“Aren’t you freaked out by all of this?” Melissa asked.
“I have spent my whole life speculating that there is life somewhere out in the universe, and I hoped that one day I might witness its discovery. Now I know without a doubt that life exists beyond our solar system, of course I am scared, but not from the fear of that revelation. I am scared because I am supposed to find the one person that the dreamstone will benefit the most and allow the aliens to help humanity. I am scared that I will fail at this task and I am afraid that the dreamstone will fall into the wrong hands,” Matt admitted.
“You can still turn it over to the authorities if you think this is too much to handle,” Melissa suggested.
“I was chosen to help uncover the secret project, and I feel like this is an opportunity for me to be part of something important. It might even be a defining point in human history someday,” Matt replied.
“I get what you’re saying, and I’m not concerned that you are helping Helios, but what I am worried about, is what our military will do to you when they find out you’re helping an alien race,” Melissa answered.
“Well, it’s not like they can just drop the dreamstone into a crowd of people and expect the right person to come along and pick it up. Helios said that they would have little chance of success trying to find the right person without my help. I can’t explain it, but for whatever reason they have put their faith in me despite my obvious shortcomings,” Matt explained.
“Well, I guess I’m not the only one who sees the potential inside you,” Melissa acknowledged.
“I just don’t want to let anyone down,” Matt replied.
“If you trust Helios, then I’ll help you through this,” Melissa offered.
“I do trust him, not only because he seems genuine, but because I find it hard to believe that an advanced species has come all this way to deceive me. If they really wanted to conquer us, I doubt this would be the route they would take,” Matt conjectured.
“Probably not, but you must promise me that you will be careful,” Melissa insisted.
“I will,” Matt promised.
“So you said the stone only works on people with an open mind?” Melissa asked.
“Yeah, that’s what Helios said. If you remember back to the night we spent in the hotel, Greg didn’t have the same dream that we did, and he is completely close-minded when it comes to anything dealing with extraterrestrials.”
“Is the dreamstone here?” Melissa asked, wondering if she should try it out again now that she understood how it worked.
“No, I put it back in my car. I knew you didn’t want it around when you were staying here,” Matt acknowledged.
“I might be willing to use it in the near future,” Melissa admitted.
“Really?” Matt remarked, “Why the change of heart?”
“I guess I’m curious, now that I know how it works,” she replied.
“Yeah, I admit there is a strange comfort in knowing that we are not alone in the universe,” Matt remarked.
“I can’t help but wonder how many other races there are in the universe,” Melissa pondered.
“I don’t know, but at least we are not so naïve as to believe that every alien is as evil and bloodthirsty as Hollywood would make them out to be,” Matt remarked.
“Good thing,” Melissa joked.
“So, you’ll let me know when you want to try the dreamstone?” Matt asked.
“I will, but not tonight. I’m just too tired and worn out from all the drama with my parents,” Melissa replied.
“I completely understand,” Matt remarked as he got up and started getting ready for bed.
Chapter 14
Tuesday after class, Melissa, Greg and Matt met in the green belt park to go over their Anthropology presentation. Greg seemed excited about the project, and his theatrics would no doubt bring cheers and laughter to their classmates. He was so animated and dramatic that he could make nearly anything funny.
“Now Greg, don’t over do it,” Melissa scolded. “Just describe our trip to the petroglyphs, present each of the petroglyph scenes, and explain their meanings. Then wrap it up with the cultural significance of the petroglyphs.”
“I don’t see anything here about our run-in with the military.” Greg said after he looked over the presentation. “Shouldn’t I mention something about that?”
“No!” Matt and Melissa replied in unison not realizing he was joking.
“Oh come on, it was the best part of the trip,” Greg said as he simulated being electrocuted by the stun gun.
“What is that on your finger Melissa?” Greg asked suspiciously when he saw the gold and sapphire ring.
“Matt and I are engaged,” Melissa said with a nervous smile, uncertain how Greg would take the news.
“I knew it! I saw the two of you sitting in the park late one night a few days back and you seemed awfully cozy,” Greg smirked.
Melissa blushed a little, but Matt turned three shades of red from the feeling of being exposed.
“Were you spying on us?” Melissa asked, trying to redirect the attention back on Greg.
“No, I could see it was a private moment, so I left you two alone. By the way, when were you going to tell me about your little secret?” he asked.
“We just finished telling our parents, you were going to be next,” Melissa replied.
“How did that go?” Greg asked. 
“Not all that well for me,” Melissa acknowledged as she looked away for a moment. “My dad was upset, but hopefully my mom will smooth things over... Matt’s parents were excited though, and they even offered to help with the wedding.”
“That’s good,” Greg replied, seeming pleased with himself since he loved digging up gossip. “When did you propose to her?” he asked, looking at Matt suspiciously.
“We took a trip to Lake Shasta last weekend and I asked her there,” Matt replied without divulging any of the details.
“Well, congratulations. I think you two make a really cute couple,” Greg commented. Then, when Melissa wasn’t looking, he punched Matt in the arm and whispered, “You sneaky dog, you knew I liked Melissa didn’t you?” Matt smiled, but he didn’t reply to his accusation. Melissa had confided in him not long ago that outgoing guys like Greg were always competing for the spotlight, and at some point the relationship would falter as a result.
“Well, I’d better get going,” Greg said as he put all of the presentation materials into his pack.
“Thanks for doing the presentation,” Melissa remarked as he headed off to his next class. Greg looked back and waved, then continued walking.
“Did he seem a little put out by our engagement?” Melissa asked.
“Yeah, I think he had a bit of a crush on you,” Matt replied.
“Really? Yuck! He’s so not my type,” Melissa said with a frown. Matt was amused by her reaction and felt better knowing how she really felt about Greg. He didn’t like to compete with Greg because Greg would do anything to win.
“I’m getting a little hungry. Would you like to get a bite to eat?” Melissa asked.
“Yeah, I could go for some food. There is an Italian place a few blocks off campus that overlooks Arcata,” Matt suggested.
“Okay, lead the way,” Melissa replied.
Matt took Melissa’s hand and they lazily walked along the sidewalk until they reached the restaurant. Then Matt asked the waiter if he could seat them out on the patio.
“What are you going to get?” Melissa asked.
“A meat and cheese pizza,” Matt replied.
“That sounds good, can we share one?” Melissa asked.
“Sure,” Matt replied. Then he placed the order when the waiter returned.
While they were waiting for their food, Melissa stared at the city lights as they twinkled in the cool night air. Matt rolled up a napkin and threw it at her when she wasn’t looking.
“Hey, what was that for?” she asked.
“I didn’t do that,” Matt replied with a smirk.
“Then where’s your napkin?” Melissa asked. 
“It must have fallen under the table,” Matt exclaimed as he looked around for it. Then he felt an ice cube slide down his shirt while he was leaning forward, pretending to look for the napkin.
“Oh, that’s so cold,” he cried as he pulled the ice cube out and tossed it away. “Why did you do that?” he asked, looking at Melissa’s guilt-ridden face.
“I didn’t do that!” she replied while mocking his voice.
“I see,” Matt smiled, figuring he should probably quit while he was ahead, or at least not behind.
“I am going to stop by my place before I come over tonight so I can clear out the rest of my stuff,” Melissa said after taking a sip of her water.
“Do you need any help?” Matt offered.
“No, I don’t have that much to pack,” Melissa replied.
“When we get our own place we can buy a few things together,” Matt suggested.
“I like that idea,” Melissa said with a smile.
“Here comes our pizza,” Matt commented when he saw the waiter maneuver around the tables on his way over to theirs. Then he waited for Melissa to take the first piece before taking one.
“It’s really good,” Melissa acknowledged after taking a few bites.
“I’m glad you like it. I’ve only been here a couple of times, but the food was always tasty,” Matt replied.
After dinner they walked back to campus and then parted ways. Matt returned to his dorm and started the water to take a shower. No sooner had he stepped in and started soaping up, then his cell phone started ringing. ‘Dang it!’, he exclaimed as he reached for the phone. Then as he was about to say hello, it shot out of his wet fingers and onto the floor.
“Hello?” he said after recovering it.
“What was that crashing sound? Melissa asked.
“Sorry about that. I dropped the phone,” Matt replied.
“Oh... well, I have some good news,” Melissa said in a cheery voice.
“What is it?” Matt asked.
“My dad called and left a message apologizing for the other night.”
“Wow, that is good news!” Matt remarked.
“I know... you were right all along. He just overreacted,” Melissa acknowledged.
“I’m so happy it worked out. I know how much your parents mean to you,” Matt replied.
“So am I. I’ll be over in a few minutes. I love you,” Melissa said in a sweet voice.
“I love you too,” Matt replied. Then he dried off the phone and got back in the shower.
When he was done, he walked out of the bathroom and saw that Melissa was sitting on the couch.
“Hi,” he said in a surprised tone. “I wasn’t expecting to see you until later.” 
“I said I was on my way over,” Melissa replied with a frisky look in her eyes. Matt noticed she was wearing a lacy robe and as he finished drying off, she patted the empty cushion next to her. Then when he sat down she started kissing his neck. When he tried to return the favor, she giggled and teasingly pushed him away. Then as she leaned over to kiss him again, he playfully pushed her back. Melissa grabbed his arm and pulled him over onto her and nibbled his neck. Matt responded by running his fingers through her long black hair and down her sides until he reached the lacy edge of the robe. Melissa encouraged his hands lower, and then she pulled back the sides of her robe, exposing her midsection. Matt reached behind the couch for the lamp cord and pulled it out of the socket. The room went dark and they snuggled late into the night.
Matt woke up after a while to find that they had fallen asleep side-by-side on the couch. He gently picked Melissa up and took her over to the bed. Then he climbed in alongside her and pulled the covers over them. Melissa woke only long enough to give him a little kiss on the cheek and then fell back to sleep.
The next morning Melissa gently tugged on Matt’s arm until he woke up.
“I made breakfast,” she said looking down at him with a smile. “I didn’t want to wake you, but we do have to get ready for class soon.”
“I know,” Matt replied as he put on his clothes and joined her at the table. “I wish I could spend every hour with you.”
“Oh, you’re so sweet,” Melissa replied. “How did I get so lucky?”
“I am the lucky one. You could have had your pick of guys,” Matt remarked.
“Stop before you say something you’ll regret,” Melissa cautioned. “You know I don’t like it when you put yourself down or imply that you are not good enough for me.”
“It just scares me a bit when everything is going perfectly, I start to wonder if something bad is going to happen to balance it out,” he said in a genuinely worried tone.
“You are a good person Matt, just enjoy what you have and stop worrying about what may or may not happen next. Enjoy the moment.”
“I’ll try,” Matt said as Melissa got up from the table and kissed him good-bye. 
“I’ll see you in Anthro class,” she added with an encouraging smile.
Matt blew her a kiss as she left and then finished his breakfast. A moment later his door flew open and Melissa can running back in. 
“There are military police coming this way!” Melissa said before Matt could even ask her what was wrong.
“Oh crap!” he exclaimed as he grabbed his backpack and immediately followed her out of the dorm. When they reached the green belt park, they looked back and saw two men knocking on his door. Matt cut over towards the parking lot and Melissa followed him a short distance behind. When he got close enough to see his car, he saw a third MP rummaging through his vehicle. A moment later the MP discovered the fake dreamstone in the trunk and then radioed his buddies to come back. After the three of them inspected the stone for a moment, they jumped into their Hummer and drove off. Matt waited for several minutes to make sure they weren’t coming back and then snuck over to his car and opened the trunk. Then he felt around under the spare tire until he felt the real dreamstone. After putting it into his pack, he made his way back to Melissa and smiled when he saw her
“The dreamstone is safe,” he said with a sigh of relief.
“Did you leave them a decoy?” Melissa asked looking spooked by the incident.
“Yes, I left a similar looking rock in the trunk in case they searched my car,” he admitted.
“You’re playing a very dangerous game,” Melissa warned.
“I know, but remember what you said about destiny and fate and doing the right thing?”
“Yes... why do I think I’m going to regret telling you my views about life?” she remarked.
“You said the dreamstone is the archaeological find of the century, and I believe we must protect it. Helios has entrusted me to help him and I am going to do just that. Besides, we haven’t broken any laws, and if anyone is breaking the law, it is the military. They are the ones grossly abusing their powers and putting humanity at risk,” Matt alleged.
“I agree with you, and it’s not a question of who is right or wrong. Clearly the military is trying to take the stone without permission, but I don’t like seeing you caught in the middle. I think the military is dangerous and they operate with impunity,” Melissa replied.
“I will be careful, but I am determined to see this through,” Matt insisted.
“I’m not letting you do this on your own. I will go into the dream with you and meet with Helios. I want to know exactly what he expects of you and I would also like to know more about the secret project. The more we know about this, the faster we can find the dreamstone a new home,” Melissa declared.
“Maybe we should take a few things back over to your dorm room and stay there tonight. I don’t know how long it will take the military to figure out the stone is a fake, but when they do I’m sure they’ll be back to search my place again,” Matt said looking a bit fatigued by the ordeal.
“That’s a good idea, we can’t be too cautious. …and you should bring the dreamstone,” Melissa suggested.
“Are you sure?” Matt asked.
“Yes. We can talk about this later, but I need to get going or I’m going to be late for class.”
“Okay, I’ll see you later today,” Matt replied.
“Stay out of trouble until then,” Melissa added as she kissed him good-bye.
Matt cautiously made his way back to his dorm, keeping an eye out for military in case they should reappear. Then he quickly packed up some clothes for his stay at Melissa’s. When he was done he locked the door behind him and headed off to class.
Later that day, Matt met up with Melissa and Greg in Anthropology. It was the day of their presentation, and Mr. Wilson asked Greg to start them off. Once Greg started in, Matt looked around the class to gauge the response and was relieved when he saw everyone seemed to be enjoying the petroglyph pictures and Greg’s corresponding narration. When it was over, Matt patted Greg on his back as he sat down. Melissa gave him a smile and then they looked on as the next group gave their presentation.
When all of the presentations were done, Greg looked over at Matt and Melissa and whispered, “I think we did better than most.”
“I liked them all,” Melissa replied.
“So did I,” Matt added.
“Peas in a pod…” Greg was about to say more, but Mr. Wilson interrupted him.
“That was an excellent presentation. Greg, you were clear and concise, and the class seemed engaged. I must say that the written portion of the presentation was also very well done. It is obvious that the three of you spent a great deal of time working on your presentation and it was very good,” Mr. Wilson acknowledged.
“Thank you,” Melissa replied.
“Keep it up,” Mr. Wilson added as he headed over to congratulate another group.
“Did you hear that? He loved our presentation,” Greg said in an arrogant tone.
Matt rolled his eyes and looked down at his watch. “I have to get going. I’ll see you later.”
“So do I,” Melissa added as she followed him out the door.
“Okay,” Greg replied, sounding a bit annoyed by their desire to leave without giving him more accolades. “I can pat my own back,” he mumbled before heading out.
Chapter 15
When Matt finished his last class of the day he headed over to Melissa’s dorm. As he passed fellow students along the way, he felt estranged from them. He knew fundamental things about the universe that they had not yet discovered. It seemed impressive from a certain point of view, to know things others don’t. But at the same time, shared experiences were the glue that created bonds between people, and forged friendships. Besides Melissa, he was alone in his new found knowledge. Matt wondered if that was what drove so many brilliant minds mad through the ages.
When Matt reached Melissa’s dorm he gently knocked on the door three times.
“Hi, make yourself at home,” she said with open arms. “Unfortunately the bed is the only comfortable place left to sit. I gave away all my other crappy furniture, not expecting I’d need it again.”
“That’s okay,” Matt commented as he set his pack on the floor. Then he glanced around at the nearly vacant room and noticed a small framed picture of himself on the wall. “How do you sleep at night with that staring at you?” he joked.
“Stop that! It’s a good picture of you,” Melissa contended. Matt frowned at it, thinking that he never liked his picture taken, and that the proof as to why was on her wall.
“Can I get you something to drink?” Melissa asked.
“Sure, what do you have?” Matt replied.
“Juice and bottled water... I haven’t been to the store in a while.
“Water sounds good,” Matt replied.
“Here you go,” Melissa remarked as she tossed the bottle over to him.
“Thanks,” Matt replied as he caught it with his left hand.
“That’s funny, I thought you were right handed?” she remarked.
“I am ambidextrous, not completely, but pretty close,” Matt admitted.
“So what was your impression of Greg’s performance today?” Melissa asked.
“He did a really good job. I just wish he was a little more humble,” Matt replied.
“Yeah, he’s kind of tactless, but I will admit he was one of the better presenters though,” Melissa acknowledged.
“I’ll be right back,” Matt said as he excused himself to use the restroom. While he was in there he noticed a partially used packet of birth control pills and he picked it up to have a closer look at it. Then he put them back on the shelf and came out. A moment later Melissa went in to use the bathroom and when she emerged she was smirking and holding the birth control pills in her hand.
“I see you’ve been looking at my private stuff!” she said in an accusatory tone.
“I apologize... I’m a terrible snoop. It’s one of my many bad habits,” Matt admitted with an embarrassed look on his face.
Melissa smiled, “Matt, you can look at anything I have. I trust you completely.”
“So, how did you know I peeked?” he asked once his face had returned to its normal color.
“You left wet finger prints on them,” Melissa revealed.
“I guess I would not make a very good criminal,” Matt replied.
“Probably not, but more importantly, I didn’t think you wanted me pregnant before we had the wedding,” she joked.
“Goodness no, your dad would kill me if that happened!” Matt gulped.
“Yes he would, and he would disown me as well,” she exclaimed.
“I was irresponsible back at the lake... and the other night,” Matt said with an ashamed look on his face.
“I instigated those events, and I would not have done so without proper protection,” Melissa insisted as she sat next to him on the bed.
“Even so, I should have been prepared and not depended on you to do the right thing,” he remarked.
“It’s getting late, are you tired enough to sleep?” Melissa asked as she changed the subject.
“Yeah, I’m worn out.” Matt replied. “Do you still want to try the dreamstone tonight? I can put it back in my car if not.”
“Don’t you dare! I said I would help you figure this out, and the only way I can do that is if I go into the dream with you,” Melissa insisted.
“Alright,” Matt sighed. “I just want you to know that I really appreciate what you are doing for me.”
“I still can’t help but feel this problem has been unfairly placed upon you, but hopefully together we can figure this out,” Melissa replied.
Matt nodded and then got undressed. Then he placed his pants next to the bed after getting into it. Melissa turned out the lights and joined him. Then she rolled over until she was up against him and draped her arm over his chest. 
“Good night,” she said as she closed her eyes.
“Good night,” Matt replied, and then he cleared his mind and closed his eyes. Before long the dream started in and he found himself on the alien ship standing in a large open area. Melissa was next to him breathing hard while holding her midsection.
“It takes a few minutes for your lungs to acclimate,” he said in a reassuring tone.
“Yeah,” I forgot about that part,” she replied.
“I see you brought your friend with you,” Helios said as he came walking over to greet them. Matt glanced over at Melissa and offered his hand which she immediately grasped as she retained her apprehensive pose.
“We would like to know more about the dreamstone in order to better determine who to pass it on to,” Matt stated. Helios blinked a couple of times and cocked his head from side to side.
“In the past we left dreamstones for other humans to find, hoping to make contact early on and avoid the fear of direct contact in the future. What we found was that most of your species was unable to use the dreamstones because of an ingrained fear of the unknown. A few stones did make their way to indigenous tribes and were often passed down through generations until they reached a close-minded individual. When your species developed the nuclear weapons, we stopped all contact expecting self-extinction to occur long before you developed the technology to shift into hyper-reality. However, you have surprised us, and your species will soon be able to use hyper-reality on a practical scale. We can no longer depend on chance to bring a dreamstone into the right hands, so we have given one to you in the hopes that you can divert the technology into the right hands. We want to help your species, but we must also safeguard and protect other life forms from the hostile use of this technology,” Helios explained.
“I don’t fully understand how humans could use the technology to harm other species,” Matt questioned.
“The Philadelphia Experiment was your species first trip into hyper-reality. It was accidental, but the significance of the discovery was not overlooked. Your military has been conducting experiments to learn more about hyper-reality ever since. At first they made little progress because they lacked the mathematics to understand the physics of hyper-reality. Recently though, we have detected many small emissions of an energy wave only emitted when an object transitions between reality and hyper-reality. The duration and strength of the emissions indicates your species is close to transporting larger objects through hyper-reality. Do you understand our concern?” Helios asked.
“Yes,” Matt replied with a sinking feeling that surfaces when you feel that you’re in way over your head with no way out. He looked at Melissa to see how she was taking the news and she appeared amazingly calm in light of the situation.
“Can you explain how hyper-reality works?” Melissa asked. Helios hissed a little, and then she saw what appeared to be a smile on his reptilian face. It surprised her that the creature displayed such human-like emotions and body language. Melissa was especially taken by it, since it seemed to indicate there might be parallels in human cultural development and the aliens. She could not help but wonder if those similarities could provide a glimpse into human evolution and developments to come. Helios stood silently, as if he was waiting for Melissa to finish her train of thought before he gave his explanation of hyper-reality.
“The technology that your species is working on can allow life forms to shift into and out of hyper-reality without killing the physical body. Therefore, life forms which can normally only survive in the dimension of reality are able to pass through hyper-reality and reemerge in a different location within normal reality unharmed by using the technology. The advantage of traveling through hyper-reality is that one can cross the vastness of space in a short amount of time. The speed of light is not a barrier in the dimension of hyper-reality, therefore traveling through it requires infinitesimally less energy than it would to cross the same distance in normal reality going slower than the speed of light,” Helios explained.
“How can less energy propel you faster and further?” Matt asked looking confused. Helios hissed rhythmically, amused by Matt’s primitive linear thinking.
“Imagine you are at the beach waist high in the water; if you tried to run through the water you would exert considerable energy and move at a relatively slow speed. Now consider doing the same thing on dry land. You would use far less energy, and move considerably faster. Hyper-reality works in a similar way. The technology to shift allows the traveler to efficiently cross the vastness of space and emerge somewhere else unharmed. Can you see the potential problem of having that ability to explore the cosmos without the proper moral or social restraints? Your species could wreak havoc and destruction on lesser life forms, strip mine entire planets, or worse,” Helios stated.
Matt and Melissa sighed as they realized the scope of the problem, and Helios could sense the emotional strain on them.
“We like your species, and we will find a way to help you. Even if you are unable to find a suitable recipient of the stone, we will find some other way to prevent the misuse of the technology,” Helios promised. His words of encouragement failed to provide them with the intended comfort, and now they wondered what actions Helios’s race would take if they didn’t succeed. 
“How much time do we have before you have to intervene?” Matt asked.
“Based on the accelerating frequency and magnitude of the energy wave, I would say your military will have a working prototype soon,” Helios replied before walking away. Matt noticed that he joined several other creatures that were standing further back in the haze. It was the first time that he had seen more than one of the aliens. They appeared similar-looking to Helios, only differing slightly in size and coloration. One of the smaller creatures seemed especially curious, but when it started to approach, the others called it back and the dream suddenly ended.
“That was unreal, what an incredible experience,” Melissa remarked as she sat up in bed.
“I didn’t think you were going to actually enjoy the experience,” Matt commented, taken back by her reaction.
“I admit I was reluctant at first, but how many people have the chance to meet a completely unique culture, let alone an alien one. Did you hear him talk about the early tribes receiving dreamstones?” Melissa remarked with elation.
“Yeah,” Matt replied, not entirely sure why that was so interesting to her.
“I can’t get believe we were face to face with an alien species … and to think, they have been in contact with us for countless generations,” Melissa exclaimed, seemingly energized by the encounter.
“That wasn’t the first time you had the dream you know,” Matt commented trying to calm her down a little.
“It was the first time I had the dream and knew it wasn’t just a dream,” Melissa replied.
“So now you can see why I am so determined to see this through,” Matt commented.
“I do... didn’t you think the aliens were fascinating?” Melissa remarked as she thought about their mannerisms and appearance.
“Yeah, they’re remarkable,” Matt replied.
“What’s bothering you?” Melissa questioned.
“I can’t figure out why the military let me keep the dreamstone after they interrogated me?” he replied.
“I don’t know.... they must not have realized the stone was from the aliens at that time,” Melissa remarked.
“They certainly knew what they were looking for when they searched my car,” Matt stated.
“That’s a good point. Somehow they figured out what you took after they let us go,” Melissa suggested.
“But how?” Matt wondered. 
“I don’t know, but they don’t have a sense of humor,” Melissa remarked, as she thought about how the interrogator had treated them.
“That’s an understatement,” Matt replied. “I think I’m going to run the stone out to my car so we can sleep peacefully the rest of the night.”
“Okay,” Melissa replied, as she pulled the covers over her.
When Matt returned she was sound asleep, so he quietly undressed and then gently got under the covers next to her after turning off the lights.
Chapter 16
The next morning Matt went back to his dorm to drop off his dirty clothes. As he was leaving, he spotted Greg in the distance coming his way. Not feeling in the mood to chit-chat with him, he ducked around the corner until Greg passed by. Then he watched as Greg made his way to Matt’s dorm and knocked on the door several times. When no one answered, Greg looked around from side to side and then pulled out a key and let himself into the dorm. Matt gasped at what he saw, but suppressed his anger and remained hidden to see what Greg was up to. After a couple of minutes, Greg reappeared and then closed the door behind him, checking to make sure he left it as he found it. Then Greg pulled out a small piece of paper and then called someone on his cell phone. Matt slowly edged closer trying to hear the conversation.
“No, I just checked, it’s not in his dorm. I think he’s hidden it somewhere else… yes, I still want the reward money, just give me a little more time to find it,” Greg pleaded.
Matt could feel his temples throbbing as he realized Greg was a sell-out and was willing to betray their friendship for money. He wanted to run over and confront him, but the outcome of such an action seemed too uncertain. Then he noticed that as Greg put his phone back into his pocket, the piece of paper fell onto the ground. As soon as Greg walked away, Matt ran over and grabbed it and ducked behind a row of junipers. A moment later he saw Greg suddenly stop, search his pockets and then start retracing his steps. Matt almost laughed as Greg searched frantically for the piece of paper to no avail. Then, in a fit of frustration, he threw up his hands and headed off.
Once Greg was gone, Matt placed the piece of paper securely into his wallet, and rushed to his class which was about to start. His mind kept thinking about Greg and how he had betrayed him. He just couldn’t understand how his friend could turn on him and throw away all those years of trust. It was a painful lesson, but at least he knew the truth now. If Greg ever asked about the stone, he could tell him he threw it away.
Matt’s thoughts quickly turned to Melissa and how she would react to Greg’s betrayal. He knew she would be furious and she would want to rush over and confront him about it. That was something he did not want to happen, but he knew he shouldn’t keep it from her either. When his class ended he went back to Melissa’s dorm and pulled out the piece of paper from his wallet. Then he reluctantly called the number on it. A man answered in a sharp unfriendly tone, “Department of Defense...” Matt instantly hung up without saying a word. It was a voice he would never forger, the voice of the interrogator. Matt fell back on the bed and closed his eyes, as the depth of the betrayal set in.
When Melissa came home later that evening she found Matt curled up on her bed with the pillow over his face.
“What’s wrong?” she asked as she lifted the pillow up, and gave him a kiss.
“I’m sorry I dragged you into this mess. I think you deserve better,” Matt said in a depressed tone.
“I love you, and I don’t want anyone else. I know the difference between a passing love and a soul mate,” she replied as she patted his head lovingly.
“There’s something I have to tell you, but I don’t want you to do anything about it. It’s important that we keep this to ourselves,” Matt announced.
“What is it?” Melissa asked fearing the worst.
“I saw Greg sneak into my dorm, and I know he was looking for the dreamstone,” Matt revealed.
“What! How did he get in?” Melissa questioned.
“He had a key, but I never gave him one,” Matt replied.
“Are you sure, maybe he was just looking for you?” Melissa contended.
“No, he knocked to make sure I wasn’t home before he went inside. Then when he was done, he made a call on his cell phone. I could overhear him talking about not finding the ‘stone’ and then discussing money.”
“I can’t believe he would do that,” Melissa asserted.
“I have proof,” Matt replied. “When he left, he dropped the piece of paper with the phone number on it.”
“Did you call it?” Melissa asked in a concerned tone.
“I did, and you would not believe who answered... it was the interrogator and he works for the Department of Defense.”
“You’re kidding me, that dirty bastard Greg is helping him?” Melissa fumed.
“He is, but I don’t want you to say anything to him. I was thinking it would be best if we just play along like there is nothing amiss. Then if he asks one of us about the stone, we can tell him that I threw it away,” Matt suggested.
“Alright,” Melissa agreed. “It’s going to be hard for me to hide my anger though.”
“I know, but we need to play along because it buys us more time. As long as the military thinks Greg has a chance to recover it for them, then they are less likely to arrest us again. I think they would prefer to get their hands on the dreamstone without causing a scene,” Matt remarked.
“I think the sooner we move off campus, the better,” Melissa suggested.
“I agree. Then Greg and the military won’t know where to look for the dreamstone. At least we solved the mystery of how the military learned that I took the stone from the desert... that jerk told them!” Matt added.
“How did Greg even know about the stone?” Melissa questioned.
“He saw it the night we were in the hotel in Bakersfield. We actually had an argument about it while you were taking your shower. He seemed upset that I didn’t tell the interrogator that I took the stone when he asked if we found anything in the desert,” Matt replied.
“That’s kind of an odd thing for him to be upset about,” Melissa remarked.
“I thought so too, but he was really concerned that if they found out that I was lying to them, then the military would punish us all for it. Maybe that’s why he turned on me so easily,” Matt suggested.
“That and the reward money,” Melissa said with an air of contempt.
“Like you mentioned earlier, moving off campus makes a lot of sense now that we know Greg has access to my dorm,” Matt remarked.
“Speaking of that, I called about the cottage and it’s still for rent. The owner said she is looking for a tenant who is capable of doing a little maintenance and clean up around the place. In return, she will charge less rent. I think she just wants to keep it from deteriorating since she isn’t able to work on it herself,” Melissa explained.
“I’m willing to earn my keep,” Matt remarked.
“She also said she didn’t want any ‘party animals’ moving in, and I assured her we weren’t like that. I said we were just a quiet couple working our way through college,” Melissa said with a smile.
“I suppose you want me to go look at it right away?” Matt asked in an unenthusiastic tone trying to pretend he was not interested.
“I know what you want... you can’t hide your feelings from me,” Melissa smirked.
“Alright, let’s go see it,” Matt replied, realizing that his bluff had been called. 
Melissa led him down a winding paved road not far from campus. It was one of those older roads that seemed neglected and forgotten. Weeds were growing up from the exposed cracks in the sidewalk, and fallen leaves had formed a patchwork of brown and gold along the gutters.
“There it is,” Melissa announced as she pointed to a small white cottage sitting atop a gently sloping knoll that overlooked the old part of town.
“You want to move into that rodent infested, dilapidated death trap?” Matt teased.
“Oh, you love it,” Melissa replied as she ran across the street and knocked on the door of an older Victorian style house.
After a few moments an elderly lady opened the door and peered out.
“Hello, I’m Melissa. I called about the cottage.”
“Oh, I wasn’t expecting to see you so soon,” she replied.
“My fiancé and I had the afternoon off and thought we could stop by and see it if you have time to show it,” Melissa asked.
“Let me get the key, and I’ll take you over,” she replied.
“What’s your name young man?” she asked as they crossed the street.
“Hi, I’m Matt... I’m sorry I didn’t catch your name?”
“Mrs. Davenport, but my friends call me Roselyn,” she replied. Her response left Matt wondering if he was to call her Roselyn or Mrs. Davenport.
“Go on in and have a look,” she said after unlocking the door.
“Wow it’s so nice,” Melissa commented aloud as she looked around. “What do you think Matt?”
“I like it. It’s a lot larger than the dorms,” he noted.
“When could we move in?” Melissa asked when Roselyn walked in to check on them.
“As soon as you give me a deposit and the first and last month’s rent,” she replied.
“Don’t you need to do a credit check or something?” Matt asked.
“No, I can see you are a nice couple, and when you reach my age you can tell if a person is trustworthy or not. I do ask that you fill out a rental agreement and include it with your payment when you move in cottage,” she added as she handed them the forms.
“Thank you,” Melissa said with a smile. “We are definitely going to take it.”
“Okay, just come over when you’re ready,” Rosalyn said as she walked them out. 
“Roselyn was sure a nice lady,” Matt commented as they headed back towards the campus.
“Yeah, she’s precious,” Melissa replied. “So, when do you think we can make the move?”
“I can get a moving van today if you like?” Matt replied.
“Really? Melissa said, skipping along next to him in excitement.
“Sure, I’ll take my car over and pick one up when we get back,” Matt offered.
“While you are doing that, I could go to your dorm and start packing your things if you like?” Melissa suggested.
“Thanks, that would great,” Matt replied. Then he gave her a quick kiss when they reached the campus parking lot and parted ways.
About an hour later Matt returned with a moving van and he went up to his dorm to check on Melissa.
“Wow, you’re almost done,” he remarked, amazed by her efficiency.
“The only thing I’m not sure of... is which box this Playboy should go into?” she revealed by waving it in the air back and forth several times. Matt turned bright red, embarrassed by its discovery.
“I forgot I had that,” he said in a voice that seemed to deny its very existence.
“Really?” Melissa remarked as she slowly opened the magazine and flipped through the pages, pausing several times to look at the horrified expression Matt’s face. “Oh Matt, what am I going to do with you?”
“I know, I’m beyond hope,” he exclaimed.
Melissa laughed and then tossed the magazine in one of his boxes. 
“What’s so funny?” he asked.
“Come on, like I care if you look at a magazine, just as long as you don’t go falling in love with some other woman. I don’t care if you look,” Melissa replied.
“Really, you don’t care?” Matt said with a sigh of relief.
“Not at all, you’re a male and I know you are going to look. It’s human nature. Girls look too, but we’re a whole lot more discrete about it,” Melissa admitted with a smile. Matt reached over and took the magazine out of the box and tossed it into the trash.
“You don’t have to throw it away on my account,” she remarked.
“I have you, and that’s enough,” Matt replied.
“Okay, but I really don’t mind. I know I can trust you, if I couldn’t, our relationship would be doomed from the start,” Melissa declared. Matt nodded in agreement as he packed up the last of his items.
“We should go over and grab your stuff next,” he suggested as he headed for the door.
“Alright,” Melissa agreed, as she followed after him, balancing several boxes in her arms.
After loading his stuff into the van, they went to Melissa’s dorm and picked up her things. Then they drove over to the cottage and parked across the street from it. Matt went over to Roselyn’s house and knocked on the door. When she answered, he handed her the signed rental agreement and a check.
“You kids are sure eager to move in,” Roselyn commented.
“Well, we really like the place and we didn’t want someone else to swoop in and get it,” Matt replied.
“The weeds are overgrown in the back yard,” Roselyn said as she handed him the keys. 
“Don’t worry, Melissa and I will take good care of the place,” Matt promised.
“Alright, come over anytime if you need anything,” Roselyn said with a smile.
“Thanks,” Matt replied as he ran back across the street.
Once inside, Melissa started cleaning the dust and cobwebs off the counters while Matt brought their stuff in and started to unpack it. After a little while there was a gentle knocking at the door and Melissa went over to see who it could be. When she opened the door Roselyn handed her a plate of chocolate chip cookies.
“Come in,” Melissa offered.
“Oh, the place is already looking better. I guess it just needed a youthful touch to bring some life back into it,” she exclaimed.
“Well, after living in the dorms, we appreciate having a nice place to stay,” Melissa replied as she took a cookie off the plate and ate it.
“Oh, I’m glad I could help. I know it’s hard for young couples to find an affordable place to live, especially in a college town where the rent is so high,” Roselyn said while shaking her head.
“That’s true, there’s not much available this time of year,” Melissa replied.
“Well I had better be going, it’s almost time for the Price Is Right and I wait all day for that to come on. You and your husband can come over any time... don’t be shy, I’m almost always home,” she remarked as she turned for the door.
“Thanks for the cookies,” Melissa said as Roselyn slowly crossed the street.
“Did I hear something about cookies?” Matt asked as he came out to the kitchen from the bedroom.
“Yeah, Roselyn brought use a plate over,” she replied.
“What a nice lady,” Matt observed.
“How is the unpacking going?” Melissa asked.
“I’m almost done, but I need to put the dreamstone somewhere where it won’t mess with our sleep,” he remarked.
“You’re not going to continue communicating with Helios?” Melissa asked.
“I don’t want to waste their time with my silly questions,” Matt asserted.
“Stop trivializing your importance. They contacted you because you obviously possess qualities that are important to their effort. You are open-minded and intelligent, and most importantly you are not afraid of the unknown. Think how many people would run in fear if they were contacted by aliens. Humans typically fear what they don’t understand or can’t explain, but you don’t. Remember how I reacted to the dreamstone when I had my first experience with it... it totally freaked me out. You on the other hand, figured out how the dreamstone worked and were successful at communicating with the aliens, so quit belittling your role in this,” Melissa ordered.
“You are not afraid of the aliens now,” Matt replied.
“That’s true, but initially I was, and I would have given the dreamstone to the authorities at the first sign of trouble,” she confessed.
“Oh, I doubt that. You’re not one to be bullied by the authorities,” he remarked. Melissa nodded in agreement, but she knew deep down she wouldn’t have kept the dreamstone long enough to understand it.
“You could hide the dreamstone in your car again. I doubt the military is going find us now that we are off campus,” Melissa suggested.
“It might take them a while to find us, but we still need to play it safe. I don’t think we should tell anyone besides our closest family members that we have moved,” Matt proposed.
“Agreed,” Melissa replied.
Chapter 17
Matt set up his computer in the living room of the cottage and turned it on to verify that it was still working properly after the move. The computer started right up and he proceeded to go on-line and check his e-mail. There were no new messages other than spam, so he decided to see if he could find out more information about the Philadelphia Experiment. He knew it would be a difficult task because the project was secret, and few people working for the military would risk divulging too much information about it. Ideally though, he hoped he could find some clue that could lead him to an insider on the project. Someone who might listen to Helios, and also prevent the technology from being misused. He knew the odds were against him, but he had to start somewhere.
As Matt skimmed back over the available information about the Philadelphia Experiment, he noticed a reference to Montauk Air Force Station located in New York State. In that article, it claimed that the site had multiple underground levels that were used for classified experiments in the early 1950’s. Another article pointed out that despite the fact that the station was decommissioned in 1969, and donated to the New York State park system by the Federal Government; the deed for the land was for the surface the rights only. It also claimed that shortly after the site was decommissioned, a brand new gigawatt power substation was installed on the northern edge of the park. Not long after that, the FCC received numerous amateur radio operator complaints that there were ‘unusual’ RF signals emanating from the substation, that were causing intermittent disruptions to their communications. There were also several unexplained power outages in New York State that year that always included Montauk, Long Island.
When Matt finished reading the articles, he was sure that Montauk was the secret location of the ongoing hyper-reality experiments.
“Melissa?” Matt called out as he turned off his computer. Then when she did not answer, he walked out to the back porch and saw her pulling weeds to beautify the neglected landscape. Melissa did not notice his presence and he quietly sat on the porch swing and watched her work. Her movements seemed almost predatory as she crept along the ground pulling clumps of weeds in rapid succession. Matt gently pushed off with his foot and the swing creaked and groaned as it swayed back and forth. Melissa pretended not to notice the sound as she slowly reached for a firm clump of weeds and pulled it loose. Then she quickly turned and threw the root ball in his direction. It exploded across his chest and Melissa burst into laughter as Matt wiped the debris from his shirt. Matt jumped out of the swing and ran towards the garden hose next to the side of the house, but Melissa had anticipated his move and reached it first. Matt, realizing his miscalculation, quickly turned and ran towards the back door of the cottage. As he headed for safety, Melissa dowsed his backside with water before he could make it inside. A few moments later Melissa tentatively walked inside to check on him.
“Are you all dried off?” she asked with a devilish laugh.
“Oh, I’m fine,” he replied as he slowly inched closer to her. Melissa immediately turned to get away when she realized what he was doing, but he caught the back of her shorts. She struggled to pull free, but the smooth hardwood floors provided little traction as Matt pulled her towards the bedroom. Melissa continued to try and get away, but his grip was secure. When they reached the edge of the bed he lifted her onto it and proceeded to punish her by tickling her sides. She squirmed and laughed uncontrollably thrashing about as he continued to tickle her. Then when he paused to let her catch her breath, she broke free and flipped him onto his back. She immediately returned the favor by tickling him unmercifully for several minutes until he finally succumbed to her retaliatory attack. He did not try and get up and Melissa did not get off of him either. She slowly lowered her head until her lips nearly touched his and he lifted his head to complete the kiss. Then he wrapped his arms around her waist and gently caressed her. Melissa responded by reaching over and pulling the window shade cord to darken the room. Then she pulled the covers over them and they snuggled for a while, followed by a peaceful afternoon nap.
When Matt woke up he heard the low rumble of a helicopter approaching and he hopped out of bed to take a look at it.
“What is it?” Melissa asked as Matt pulled the window shade up part-way and peered out.
“There is a helicopter hovering a short distance away.”
“That’s strange. Why are they just sitting there?” she asked when she peeked out the window at it.
“I don’t know…and I don’t like it,” Matt replied as he went looking for his binoculars.
“Don’t bother, they’ve already left,” Melissa called out when she noticed what he was doing.
“Damn it, I wanted to get a closer look at it,” he replied.
“You don’t think they were spying on us do you?” Melissa asked in a nervous tone.
“I don’t know, but the military could be keeping tabs on us,” Matt stated in a paranoid tone.
Melissa did not like the thought of being watched or followed, and she resented the idea of having ‘Big Brother’ violate their freedom.
“We haven’t done anything wrong. Why are they doing this to us?” she remarked.
“We don’t even know if that was the military, it could have been a private helicopter sightseeing along the ocean,” Matt suggested.
“It was an all black helicopter that looked just like the one we were on in the desert,” Melissa contended.
“I know, but let’s not overreact, I’m still thinking it was just a coincidence,” Matt concluded.
“How far do you think they will go to get the dreamstone from us?” Melissa asked as she reached over and squeezed his hand.
“I don’t know. If that really was a military helicopter, then they are still trying to scare us into giving it up, which means they want it, but not enough to arrest us over it,” Matt alleged.
“I will support your efforts as long as I feel that we are not being put in harm’s way, but if they abduct us again, I think we should cooperate. I don’t want to be on the side of a milk carton or be diagnosed with some rare fatal disease six months from now,” she insisted.
“Honestly, I think we are safe from personal harm, but I suspect they will spy on us and try to steal the dreamstone if they can. I am going to hide it far away from us as soon as I work out all the details in my mind,” Matt promised.
“That would probably be the best thing to do and I don’t even want to know where you are going to hide it,” Melissa remarked.
“Alright, it’s probably safer for you not to know where it is anyway,” Matt replied.
“Have you come up with any leads on the hyper-reality project?” Melissa asked.
“The current experiments are probably being conducted at a secret underground facility in Montauk, NY. The fun part will be finding someone trustworthy on the inside that would be willing to work with the aliens,” Matt said half joking.
“That will be very hard to accomplish,” Melissa replied with a look of uncertainty and disappointment.
“I know, but if the person actually works on the inter-dimensional project, then they would be the perfect person for Helios to explain the dangers of it to,” Matt declared.
“I don’t know why I didn’t think of this earlier, but there is an AM radio program on after midnight that might be able to help us,” Melissa suggested. 
“What is it about?” Matt asked.
“It’s a talk show that discusses conspiracy theories, aliens, and fringe science,” Melissa replied.
“I didn’t know you listened to programs like that,” Matt said with a surprised look on his face.
“It’s fascinating, and it keeps me awake while I’m studying at night.”
“I was puzzled why the dreamstone worked on you, but now I know it’s because you believe in a lot more of this stuff than you’ve been letting on about,” Matt asserted.
“I try and keep an open mind, that’s all,” Melissa smirked.
“So you have been teasing me about my beliefs on extraterrestrial life for all these years, while listening to radio talks shows about them?” Matt remarked.
“Yes, but how could I tease you if you knew I was being a hypocrite... where’s the fun in that?” she smiled.
“Good point, but come on… you could have told me before now,” Matt insisted.
“Well, now that you know, what do you think about my idea?” she asked.
“A radio talk show... who is going to take that seriously?”
“It might be the best way to get the message out and find someone on the inside,” Melissa replied.
“I don’t know... when I start telling my story about the dreamstone and how it led me to aliens, people are going to think I am a lunatic. Then every nut job awake in the middle of the night will be calling the show to make fun of me,” Matt contended.
“You can remain anonymous,” Melissa suggested.
“I would like to hear what others are talking about on the show before I make up my mind,” Matt replied.
“It will be on tonight if you want to stay up for it.”
“Okay, it’s not like I have any other leads,” Matt admitted.
“Good, I’ll keep you company and work on the article I’m writing,” Melissa remarked.
“What article?” Matt asked.
“I’m writing a little piece titled, A New Perspective on the Mojave Petroglyphs. After Helios mentioned they had been in contact with the early tribes, it made me question the current interpretations of the petroglyphs. After looking over some of the pictures we took of them, I now believe the images that look like extra-terrestrials or off world objects are in fact representations of those things. I think archeologists have tried to assign rational explanations to those things, but in reality, the petroglyphs are accurate depictions of what the tribes actually encountered,” Melissa asserted.
“You never cease to amaze me. Just when I think I have you all figured out, you reveal something new and remarkable about yourself,” Matt commented.
“Thanks,” Melissa replied. “When this is all over, I’m going to submit the article and see what happens. I know it probably won’t get published because it’s considered pseudo-science, but I want a complete record of the discovery. Perhaps someday I will get credited for correctly deciphering the petroglyphs,” she added.
“I have no doubt that you will be a world renowned anthropologist,” Matt insisted.
“No pressure on me to succeed now!” Melissa joked. Matt smiled and then went into the kitchen to see what he could make for dinner.
“Would you eat a pizza?” Matt asked after rummaging around for a few minutes.
“Yeah, that sounds good,” Melissa replied.
“Okay, I’ll toss it in the oven.”
When the pizza was done, Matt cut it into narrow slices and placed it on the table. Melissa pulled up a chair and they enjoyed their first meal in the cottage. Matt smiled at her, seemingly pleased with how things were turning out. His lifelong dream was coming to fruition and in a few short months Melissa would be his wife.
After dinner they retired to the bedroom and Melissa got out her portable radio and turned it on. Then she snuggled up next to him in bed.
“What time does the program come on?” Matt asked.
“Not until 11pm,” Melissa replied.
“Are you going to work on your article?” he questioned.
“No, I changed my mind. I would rather just lay here next to you listening to music,” Melissa replied as she rested her head on his chest. Matt wrapped his arm around her and then gently caressed her shoulder. It was a peaceful moment, the kind that he could later reflect on if he we was having a bad day or depressed by some other malady.
Once the music stopped, a deep welcoming voice came on the air announcing the program they had been waiting for.
“Good evening and welcome to Dark Matters, the show that starts where main stream media leaves off. Tonight’s guest is a former Groom Lake employee, but before we open Pandora’s Box, I want to continue where we left off on last night’s program about mystery spots. I have a gentleman holding on the phone right now with a great example, so let’s dive right in. Line one, you’re on the air.”
“Hi, my name is Richard and I have a story about something I saw when I was a young kid. My dad and I were driving on a county road somewhere near the town of Mammoth Lakes, California. It was late at night and we were the only car on the road. Then all of a sudden the car’s lights started to dim and a moment later we sputtered to the side and the car died. My dad tried to restart the engine several times, but it wouldn’t start. Then he got out of the car and started cussing at it like a sailor, which ironically he was. While he was busy checking under the hood, I jumped out of the car and walked up on the shoulder of the road to look around. While I was up there, I noticed a faint glow not far off on the ground. Being a curious young lad, I walked over to see what was giving off the mysterious light. What I discovered was a puddle of glowing water on the ground that was about the size of a basketball. Naturally, I picked up a small rock and threw it into the puddle expecting a dramatic splash of glowing water, but instead the rock simply disappeared. So I picked up a larger rock and threw it in, and it disappeared without a splash. There weren’t any other rocks nearby, so I pulled up a small plant and threw it into the puddle. The plant disappeared just like the rocks. Then I heard my dad calling for me, and as I looked back at the puddle one last time, it had stopped glowing and under the moonlight I could see both rocks had reappeared along with the plant. The strange thing was that the plant was all dried up and dead. My dad called my name again, so I ran back to the car and we left. That’s the end of my story about a mystery spot.”
“That was great Richard. It sounds like you saw some kind of inter-dimensional portal. We have had dozens of callers over the years describe the same phenomenon that you saw as a kid. Physicists have confirmed the existence of multiple dimensions, and it is widely believed that our dimension is interwoven with others. So, stay tuned, and when we come back we’ll hear from our next guest about the infamous Groom Lake facility.”
“So what do you think about the show?” Melissa asked while the commercials were playing.
“It sounds promising,” Matt admitted.
“Wait until you hear the next guest, who worked at Groom Lake,” Melissa said as if that was important.
“What’s Groom Lake?” Matt asked reluctantly.
“It’s the most secret facility inside Area-51,” she remarked.
“I always thought I was the one whose ideas were ‘out there’, but you sure know a lot about this stuff,” Matt stated.
“Like I said, I keep an open mind,” Melissa smirked.
“Welcome back, I’m your host Alex and this is Dark Matters. I want to turn the show over to our next guest. He is a former employee who worked at the Groom Lake facility, and to protect his identity, we will call him ‘Mr. Smith’. So without further ado, here is Mr. Smith.”
“Hi Alex, and thanks for having me on you program. I worked as a maintenance electrician for a portion of Area 51 known as Groom Lake. The surface of that complex is a large experimental aircraft facility, and from the ground or sky it resembles any other military airbase. However, the bulk of the facility is actually underground to prevent foreign nations from spying on the secret projects by satellites. I worked in the underground section for several years until I was discharged after suffering a nervous breakdown. I blame my condition on two things. First off, I spent so much time away from home that my family did not even know me; and second, every aspect of my job was classified so I could never talk about it, or vent any of my frustrations. Obviously, anything I tell your audience will be discredited because of my mental status. However, I wanted to come on the show to clear up many of the rumors and misconceptions that surround the work conducted at that site. For one, there are no aliens dead or alive at the facility. Any Hollywood movies or clandestine videotapes of alien autopsies are fakes designed to deceive people or rip them off. In fact, the employees that work there laugh hysterically every time someone brings up that topic. The truth is that the facility houses a few dozen researchers whose sole purpose is to reverse engineer items that are classified as advanced technology. Reverse engineering is nothing new, countries all around the world use reverse engineering to gather intelligence and advance their own programs. I am sure many of your listeners remember how a U.S made stealth helicopter crash landed in Pakistan and parts of it were later sold to China. The Chinese were able to see the latest and most sophisticated improvements the U.S. had made to its stealth chopper and in turn, they used that information to reverse engineer American technology into their next aircraft. Now, I know you are all wondering about alien technology, and if the researchers working at Area 51 have reversed engineered it. The answer is a conditional yes. Any suspected alien artifacts that are discovered, are either ‘purchased’ or ‘acquired’ by our military if possible. Then the item is sent to the Groom Lake facility for technical analysis and reverse engineered if possible. Of course our ability to reverse engineer alien technology is extremely limited. A good analogy would be to go back in time and give a cave man a modern day desktop computer. Without electricity he would not even be able to turn it on, let alone reproduce it or understand its function. A cave man would not even recognize the basic parts of a computer because the plastic and metal it’s comprised of won’t even exist for another ten thousand years. The analogy I have just given is even more forgiving than the reality that we face with alien technology. The computer was at least made by humans, and comprised of materials from this planet. Even if we went back only a few hundred years and handed out computers, could any person of that time period figure out what it was, or better yet, duplicate it?” Mr. Smith proposed.
“Thank you Mr. Smith, that was very enlightening. I would like to open the phone lines up and take a few questions from our listeners, if that would be alright with you?”
“I will answer any of the questions that I can,” Mr. Smith replied.
“Caller on line one, go ahead.”
“Mr. Smith, aren’t you sworn to secrecy when you work for the military?”
“Yes, all of the employees working for the military swear to remain silent. I have chosen to break that code for personal reasons. The simple fact is that the military will deny anything I say, and claim that I am making it all up. They will point to the fact that I was discharged for a mental breakdown and my credibility is shot. Besides that, there is no way the mainstream media would believe me, and I have no physical evidence to prove any of my claims. You can choose to believe me or not. I really don’t care either way,” Mr. Smith remarked.
“Mr. Smith, is Area 51 still operational?”
“Yes, it is still an active base. However, many of the more sensitive projects have been moved to new locations to improve secrecy. The surface portion of the Groom Lake facility has actually expanded in recent years to accommodate the development of stealth and unmanned aircraft programs. Russian satellite photographs are available to the public and anyone can confirm that fact,” Mr. Smith replied.
“Caller on line two, what’s your question?”
“I heard that Area 51 is part of Nellis Air Force Base, is that true?”
“Actually, Area 51 is under joint control by both the Air Force and the Department of Defense. The boundaries of the site are physically within the Nellis Air Force Base lands, and it is adjacent to the Department of Defense’s Nevada Test Site. The total land area under government control in Nevada is roughly twenty percent of the state’s land mass. Recently the government has closed off access to all of the mountain peaks bordering the test area. These were public lands just a few years ago, but once the government realized people were hiking up these peaks with high powered telescopes and using them to look down into the base, they seized the land. You can draw your own conclusions as to why they would do that,” Mr. Smith replied.
“Well Mr. Smith, unfortunately we are running short on time, so I’ll take one more caller and then we’ll have to pick things up tomorrow night. Caller on line three, you’re on the air.”
“I was wondering how you expect us to believe your story?”
“Actually, most of what I have told you is public knowledge and it can be verified on the internet or by searching public records. If you are skeptical about the existence of aliens or the government’s pursuit of advanced technology; then do your own research. I would bet you won’t be a skeptic for long!” Mr. Smith challenged.
“Mr. Smith, I want to thank you for your time, and we would love to have you back on the show in the future,” Alex remarked.
“Thank you Alex. It was a pleasure to be here, and I would be honored to return,” Mr. Smith replied.
“Well, that is all we have time for tonight. Be sure to tune into tomorrow’s program, we are going to talk about Kirlian photography and whether or not it proves living things have auras,” Alex stated.
“So, what did you think of the program?” Melissa asked after it ended.
“I thought the program was interesting. The guest seemed intelligent and most of the callers were polite and asked reasonable questions. It does seem like the format of the program fits our needs. What do you think?” Matt asked.
“It seems like the best place for locating a sympathetic insider, but I know how you hate speaking in public,” Melissa replied.
“That’s true, but I feel it is my responsibility to come forward and given the magnitude of this situation, what choice do I have,” Matt said reluctantly.
“I will be there to support you,” Melissa said in a comforting tone.
“Are you sure they will let us on the program?” Matt asked.
“I don’t see why not, our story is as compelling as the other guests they have featured,” Melissa replied with a smile. 
“Alright, I’ll call in the morning and see what it takes to get onto the program,” Matt said as he turned off the lights and returned to bed.
“I’m proud of you,” Melissa said as she kissed him good night.
The next morning Matt called the radio program and told his story to the call screener. Then after a long hold, a familiar voice picked up on the other end.
“Hi Matt, my name is Alex. As you can imagine we get a lot of requests by individuals to come onto my program. Unfortunately, the bulk of the people don’t make it past our phone screeners for a variety of colorful reasons. As you have probably guessed by the simple fact that I am taking with you directly, I am interested in having you on my program. I would just like to confirm that you are in possession of the dreamstone?” Alex asked bluntly.
“I keep it in a safe place far away from me,” Matt replied.
“Okay, you passed my test. Had you said you had it with you, I would have known you were lying,” Alex exclaimed.
“How is that?” Matt asked.
“If the dreamstone has the power that you claimed and the military was after it, the only logical thing to do is hide it somewhere safe. People who try to lie their way onto the show often overlook the most obvious fact, if something you have puts you in danger, then you don’t keep it with you,” Alex explained.
“I see,” Matt remarked.
“I would like to have you in the studio for the Wednesday night airing. What’s your schedule look like?” Alex asked.
“Where is your studio located?” Matt replied.
“Pahrump, Nevada.” 
“That’s a long drive for me and I am currently attending college in Humboldt, California. Can we do it over the phone?” Matt asked.
“To be honest, it would be best if you did it in person. Stories like yours have a funny way of getting cut off when they are over the phone,” Alex hinted.
“Is there any chance I could do it on a weekend? I can’t afford to miss any more days of school this semester,” Matt asked.
“Certainly,” Alex replied. “Next Saturday’s program is still open. Would you be able to attend that one?”
“Yeah, that should work,” Matt acknowledged.
“Alright, if you can e-mail me your address, I’ll send you directions to the studio and a badge so that you can get in,” Alex promised.
“Can I bring my fiancé with me? She is an integral part of the story as you know and she is my moral support,” Matt admitted.
“Yes, she can come, but you will need to arrive at the studio half an hour early so we can go over radio etiquette and all of the FCC requirements. I also have a policy of meeting with all of my guests in person before the show. If I get a funny vibe, I will pull the plug right then and there,” Alex stated as fact.
“No problem, I understand completely. I will see you next Saturday,” Matt replied.
“Great, I’m looking forward to it. The only thing I ask is that you let me know if there is any reason you cannot attend. I always have back up material, but I’m a stickler for courtesy,” Alex insisted.
“I am too,” Matt replied. After the call, Matt saw Melissa out on the back porch and he went to tell her the good news.
“How did it go?” she asked as he joined her on the porch swing.
“Your idea has paid off, we have a spot on next Saturday’s radio program with Alex,” Matt announced.
“Wow, that was fast,” Melissa remarked.
“I told him the story about the dreamstone and how it allowed us to communicate with Helios. I also emphasized the importance of our task and he wants us to come on his show right away. I hope it was alright that I volunteered you?” Matt asked in an optimistic tone.
“Of course, I said I would help in any way that I could, and I meant it,” she replied.
“I really appreciate it. I don’t think I would be able to do it without your support,” Matt confessed as he sat on the porch swing with her. Melissa leaned against him and they swung back and forth in a comfortable silence.
Chapter 18
Sunday brought cooler weather and Matt could tell that autumn was starting to change to winter. A heavy fog rolled in and the windows were covered in a fine mist that glistened in the diffused light. Matt saw Melissa sitting at the kitchen table sipping a cup of tea and reading a romance novel. He slowly crept up behind her and read a few lines from the book. ‘…William plunged into Rosetta’s welcoming loins, a passionate kiss ensued as the forbidden love was made all the sweeter by the risk of being caught and punished for their crime…’ He thought it was cute how she seemed so sweet and innocent on the outside, yet she loved reading steamy romance novels.
“Can I help you?” Melissa asked when she noticed him looming over her shoulder.
“What are you reading?” Matt smirked.
“A romance novel. Would you like me to read some of it to you?” Melissa offered.
“No, I don’t think my virgin ears could bear it,” he joked.
Melissa laughed and shook her head. “So what should we do today?”
“I thought we could go down to the bridal shop in Fortuna and see if they have a dress to your liking,” Matt offered.
“Really?” Melissa said as she sprang from her chair in anticipation.
“Yeah, we can’t have you wearing those rags to the wedding,” he joked.
“You don’t like my Eeyore pajamas?” she protested.
“They make me sad,” Matt replied.
“They’re meant to be ironic,” she exclaimed.
“I think the bridal shop is open if you want to go down there now,” Matt remarked after glancing at his watch.
“Okay, just give me minute to change out of my depressing pajamas, I don’t want the town folk to hang themselves,” she joked.
Matt laughed and then went out to the car and warmed it up for her.
After a short drive, Matt stopped in front of a small family owned shop that was tucked away in the heart of old town Fortuna. He preferred quaint shops to the impersonal corporate mega stores that seemed to be monopolizing the globe. Once inside, Melissa inspected several rows of dresses until she found a couple that she liked. Then she held them up against her silhouette and looked in the mirror judging them on some incalculable scale. Matt looked on lovingly as each dress seemed to be more beautiful that the last one.
“I’m going to go try this one on,” Melissa said as she selected one of the dresses and headed over to the changing rooms. Matt followed closely behind her and as he started to pause at the door, she grabbed his arm and pulled him in. He quickly closed the door behind him, but the store clerk gave him a prudish look.
“You’ve seen me with a lot less on than this,” Melissa remarked when she noticed he was blushing.
“I know, but the owner gave me a funny look when you pulled me in here. I think I was supposed to wait outside,” he replied.
“You’re so cute, I love you,” Melissa said as she slipped into the dress and then turned in a slow circle several times. Matt gazed on, wondering how he could have ever deserved such a princess.
“What do you think?” she asked.
“It’s very pretty,” Matt replied.
“Are you sure you like this one?” Melissa said as she stared at the mirror, looking the dress over slowly from top to bottom.
“I think it’s perfect,” Matt exclaimed.
“I think so too, but it’s kind of expensive. Perhaps I should look at some others?” she suggested.
“Don’t even bother, that dress is breathtaking, I want you to get it,” Matt insisted.
“I love you so much,” she said with teary eyes.
“Don’t get any tears on the dress,” Matt scolded in a joking way.
“I won’t,” Melissa replied as she blotted her face with Matt’s shirt. Then she reluctantly removed the dress and placed it back on the hanger. Matt took the dress up to the counter and the shop owner rushed over to help him.
“Did you find one you liked?” the lady asked.
“Yes”, he replied as he handed her his credit card.
The lady gave him a receipt and then motioned for Melissa to come over to the counter so she could get her measurements.
“Your dress will be ready for pick up in three weeks. Is the gentleman in need of a Tuxedo?” she asked.
“Yes, I would like to rent one if possible?” Matt replied.
“We can take care of that for you. Come closer so I can get your size, and then you can pick something nice out from our men’s section,” she said.
After being measured, Matt followed her to the tuxedos and she pulled a few out for him to look at. Melissa stood nearby, signaling to Matt when she saw the one she liked.
“Can I try that one on?” he asked.
“Of course,” the owner replied. Then she creased her brow as Melissa followed Matt into the changing room.
“You look so handsome,” Melissa said with a smile after Matt put the tux on.
“Great, then I’m done here,” he said as he changed back into his street clothes.
On the way out of the dressing room Melissa grabbed his butt, and Matt jumped and then gave her the ‘behave look’.
“I can’t keep my hands off of your cute butt,” Melissa replied in a soft voice.
Matt liked the attention even though he protested by swatting at her hand when she tried to grab him again.
“I would like to get this one,” Matt said as he handed the Tux back to the owner.
“Excellent choice, just call two weeks before your wedding date, and we’ll have it pressed and ready for you,” the owner promised.
“Thank you,” Matt replied as he paid for the rental. Then they headed back to his car and headed home.
When Matt turned down the street that their cottage was on, he noticed a black van with tinted windows parked across form it. The van had a faint plume of exhaust fumes coming from the tail pipe and the license plate frame was empty. 
“Doesn’t that van seem suspicious?” Matt said as he slowed down. Melissa looked on as they approached it, but before she could see into the driver’s side window, the van sped off.
“That was odd,” Melissa replied, looking a bit nervous.
“Yeah,” Matt remarked, trying not to sound alarmed.
“Is the dreamstone in the car or at the house?” Melissa asked.
“It’s in the car, but I’m going to relocate it after I drop you off,” he replied.
“That would make me feel better,” Melissa admitted.
“I’ll be back shortly; I love you and try not to worry while I am gone,” Matt said as he pulled up to the curb in front of the cottage to let her out.
“I love you too,” she replied as he drove off. She wanted to go with him, but she knew it was safer if she didn’t see where he hid the dreamstone. Like so many other archeological finds, it’s significance and value put anyone connected to it at risk. The further they were from the dreamstone, the safer she felt they would be.
Matt stopped at a local garden center and purchased a large potted Azalea. When he got back to his car, he took out the dreamstone and shoved it deep into the potting soil. Then he headed back home, wondering if Melissa would see through his deception.
“What’s that?” she asked when he came walking in with the plant in his arms.
“While I was out, I bought you an Azalea,” he replied.
“It’s so pretty, where should we put it?” she asked.
“The guy at the garden center said it needs some direct sunlight, and some shade.”
“Okay,” Melissa replied as she leaned forward to smell the last flowers on it.
“What do you think about the back porch?” Matt suggested.
“That’s what I was thinking,” she replied. Matt was relieved that he didn’t have to come up with an excuse as to why it couldn’t go out in the front yard.
“By the way, how did it go with the dreamstone?” Melissa asked.
“I found a safe place for it,” Matt replied with a sigh. He did not like keeping things from her, but he feared that the military’s pursuit of the dreamstone wasn’t over.
Chapter 19
Monday morning Matt woke early and quietly slipped out of bed, careful not to disturb Melissa. Then he went out on the back porch to study for his Sociology exam. After an hour of intensive cramming, he finally closed his book and put away his notes. Then he went back inside and gave Melissa a kiss on the cheek before heading off to class.
The Sociology exam was difficult, but he felt that his last minute cramming really helped his grade. Sociology was one of those requisite classes that was required for most majors, and Matt tried to make the most of it. The rest of his day was comprised of math and science classes, and although those were more rigorous, he actually looked forward to them.
When he finally got back home he went out on the back porch to relax in the swing for a while. It was fast becoming his favorite spot to unwind and before long the gentle swaying motion lulled him asleep. His thoughts drifted for a while until a familiar voice called out to him.
“Hello Matt,” Helios said, seeming happy to see him.
“Hi,” Matt replied, looking a bit confused. “I must have fallen asleep accidently,” he said after realizing the Azalea was next to the swing.
“That’s okay. I was actually hoping you would visit me again,” Helios remarked.
“Well, I do have some good news... Melissa and I are going to be guests on a radio talk show that focuses on unexplained or supernatural events. We are hopeful that when we tell our story about the hyper-reality project, someone involved will come forward and help us,” Matt said optimistically.
“I am pleased that you and Melissa are making progress,” Helios replied.
“I hate to ask, but what will happen if we are not successful?”
Helios blinked a few times while he considered the question. “What would you do if you were in our position, knowing the complexities of the issue?”
“I would stop the project by any means necessary,” Matt replied in a solemn tone.
“That is one option,” Helios admitted, “However, we have decided to let the project continue either way. We will follow its progress closely and if your species starts to misuse hyper-reality, then we will intervene. Of course we would prefer to help guide the project and avoid any issues in the first place, but we also realize that may not be possible.”
“Have other species been caught in the technologically advanced and sociologically stupid conundrum?” Matt asked.
“Humans’ rate of technological advancement is unparalleled. You will probably eclipse us in a couple of years,” Helios said hissing rhythmically. The sarcasm was not lost on Matt and he was amazed by the similarities between their two species.
“How long has your species been using hyper-reality?” Matt asked.
“Our species started developing the technology when we discovered that our sun was nearing the end of its life cycle. Just as your species’ first experimental attempts in hyper-reality caught our attention, so did our first use of the technology. Shortly thereafter, another race of beings came to our planet and helped us use hyper-reality to relocate. Now we are offering to help you just as we were helped. Although the circumstances are different, you do understand that we are only here to help?” Helios asked.
“Yes, I can see that,” Matt replied. “How many others species have the technology to use hyper-reality?”
“There are hundreds of species that actively use it to explore the universe, and I suspect your planet has had many visitors over the millennia since it is very biologically diverse,” Helios remarked.
“What happens to a life form if it crosses into hyper-reality without a protective ship?” Matt asked.
“The life energy will drain out of the organism if it remains in hyper-reality unprotected,” Helios replied.
“Why does that happen?” Matt questioned.
“Within the dimension of hyper-reality there is a reservoir of life energy. All life forms get their life energy from that pool and it returns to the pool when the life form dies. Humans believe that they have a soul and that their soul continues on after death. In fact, it does. What you call a soul is simply the life energy that your physical body encased while it was alive. When the physical body dies, the life energy crosses over into hyper-reality. At first, the energy is like an echo of the original being or life form that it originated from, but gradually over time the energy loses its connection or identity to that life form, and is re-born into a new one,” Helios explained.
“So it is kind of like reincarnation?” Matt asked.
“Yes, but on a cosmic scale. Every living thing in the universe is interconnected in this way. I believe your species has already discovered this truth about matter and energy and how they cannot be created or destroyed, only transformed from one form into the other. The life cycle of the universe operates in the same way,” Helios replied.
“Thank you for helping me understand all that,” Matt said in an appreciative tone.
“You’re welcome, and if you reflect on what I have said, your understanding of life will make more sense,” Helios alleged.
Matt woke from his nap pondering what Helios had said about the cycles of life. He had always felt that there was a bigger picture, and although he didn’t pretend to understand the meaning of life, he did feel like a puzzle piece had just snapped into place.
Chapter 20
As the weekdays passed by, Matt became increasingly excited and nervous about the radio show. He had always dreaded the thought of speaking in public, and a live radio audience was only marginally less intimidating. Feeling restless, he started rummaging through a box of miscellaneous items until he came across an old paper map with California on one side and Nevada on the other. As he ran his finger across one side and down the other, he was calculating the best route to Pahrump in his head.
“What are you looking at?” Melissa asked as she peeked over his shoulder.
“I was just seeing how long the drive to Pahrump will be,” he replied. 
“How far is it?”
“Seven hundred miles, which is about ten to twelve hours of driving,” Matt guessed.
“We won’t have to stay in a hotel on the way down or back if we share the driving,” Melissa suggested.
“That sounds good,” Matt replied.
“I’ll reserve a place for us to stay in Pahrump Saturday night since there is no way we’ll be able to drive back after the interview,” Melissa remarked.
“Sounds good,” Matt replied as he folded up the map and put it into his backpack while Melissa went to look online for a hotel.
A few minutes later she came out and handed Matt a print out of their reservation.
“That was fast,” Matt replied.
“I reserved a room with a king bed,” she said with a smile.
“Sounds good, I’ll finally have some room to spread out,” Matt joked.
“That’s what you think,” Melissa replied.
“Speaking of bed, I’m going to take my shower and hit the hay. What time did you set the alarm for?” he asked.
“5:00 AM,” she said with a sigh.
“It’s going to be long day,” Matt remarked.
“I know, I’ll be in bed shortly,” she replied as she blew him a kiss goodnight.
The next morning, the buzzing of the alarm clock woke Melissa from a deep sleep. After she silenced the annoying clock, she rose from bed and turned on the lights. 
“It’s time to get up,” she said softly into Matt’s ear.
“Is it 5:00 am already?” he asked in a sleepy voice.
“Yeah, we need to get going,” she insisted. Matt wiggled under the covers until he found the edge of the bed and then dropped out onto the floor. Then he inched along like a caterpillar until he reached the dresser where he fumbled around until he found his clothes. Melissa gathered their things and then took them out to his car. A few moments later Matt meandered out and got in on the passenger’s side.
“I’m ready,” he said, still sounding a bit sleepy.
“Are you nervous about tonight?” she asked as she started the car.
“I am,” he replied.
“You’re doing the right thing,” Melissa added.
“I know. I just wish there was a more certain way to find an insider who can help,” Matt said hesitantly.
“I do too, believe me.”
“Do you wish I had never found it?” he asked.
“It is a remarkable find, but objects of power are always coveted by those who seek to use that power for good or evil. The truth is that the dreamstone makes me nervous,” Melissa admitted.
“I will miss talking with Helios,” Matt replied.
“I have a feeling that even after you hand off the dreamstone, Helios will be in touch with you sometime down the road. You befriended him, and I doubt that he will forget your efforts to help no matter what the outcome,” Melissa remarked.
“I hope you are right,” Matt said as he leaned his head back and closed his eyes.
After several hours, Melissa pulled into a gas station along I-5.
“Did you have a nice nap?” Melissa asked when Matt stepped out to pump the gas for her.
“Yeah, I can take over for a while if you like,” he offered.
“Okay,” Melissa said with a smile as she got back into the car. Matt finished filling the tank and then they headed back out.
After they had been on the road for a while, Matt glanced over at Melissa and smiled. He loved how innocent she looked when she slept. She was such an angel, always looking out for him, encouraging him. It just didn’t seem fair that she brought so much to their relationship, it made him wonder what he could do for her in return. Then as the miles passed by, it dawned on him that all he really had to do was never let her forget how much he loved her. If he could do that one thing, then everything else would fall into place.
“Where are we?” Melissa asked when she woke up from her nap.
“We’re nearing Tonopah, Nevada,” Matt replied.
“Already? I must have been asleep for a while,” Melissa said as she yawned.
“Yeah, you missed some exciting clumps of sagebrush, and a jackalope or two,” Matt replied with a smile.
“Would you like me to take over so you can rest?” Melissa offered.
“No I’m fine, but I was planning to stop in Tonopah to get something to eat.”
“Oh good, now that you mention it, I’m a little hungry too,” she replied.
“What about that place?” Matt asked as he pointed at an old-fashioned burger shop on the right.
“Sure, that sounds really good,” Melissa said as she brushed her hair and then glanced up at the vanity mirror on the visor. Matt parked the car and then opened the door for her.
“Wow, such service,” Melissa remarked.
“I just want to make sure you know how much I love you,” Matt replied. Melissa smiled and then they went up to the window and placed their order.
A few minutes later the clerk chimed a little bell signaling that their food was ready.
“Where do you want to sit?” Melissa asked as they picked up the trays.
“How about we just sit out here on the bench?” Matt suggested. 
“Alright.” Melissa agreed. After a little bit she noticed that Matt kept looking around at the hillside across from them.
“What are you looking at?” she asked.
“Oh nothing much, just checking out all the old mine head frames and tailing piles,” he replied.
“A geologist to the core,” Melissa smirked. Matt nodded and then drifted off into a daydream about what the area must have looked like in the early 1900’s. Tonopah had risen from obscurity when prospector Jim Butler discovered Nevada’s second richest gold and silver deposit looking for his lost burro near a rocky outcrop. Matt could almost picture how Main Street might have looked back then, when it was lined with saloons and casinos bustling all hours of the day and night. He envisioned gunfights in the back alleys between the law and the lawless. Nervous horses and travelers, unsettled by the blasts of dynamite in the mines below the town, wondering if the next one would cause a cave in. Matt could even picture himself coming home from a long day in the mines, covered in the dirt and the muck. The smell of fresh baked cornbread, the crackle of a log burning in cast iron stove, a dented brass oil lamp illuminating a handmade dinner table in the center of the room. As his daydream continued, he pictured his beautiful young bride reading stories from the bible to his kids as they warmed themselves by the fire. Their horses neighing as they eagerly awaited their nighttime hay, restless in their makeshift stable. Simpler times, he thought to himself. Had technology really improved modern life, or had it only created a hundred new distractions, and the myriad of worries that went along with them?
“Are you ready to continue on to Pahrump?” Melissa asked when she saw his daydream had come to an end.
“Yep, I’m ready,” he said with a sigh.
Melissa drove the next leg of the trip from Tonopah to Pahrump. When they reached the town, Melissa pulled into their hotel and parked. Then she took the reservation inside and came back out with the keycard a few moments later.
“Follow me,” she said with a smile. Matt picked up their luggage and headed after her. Once inside the room, Matt sat on the edge of the bed and swung his legs back and forth nervously as she proceeded to unpack their things.
“Are you okay?” she asked, noticing he was restless.
“I’m just nervous,” he exclaimed.
“Try not to worry about the program, you will do just fine,” Melissa said in a soft reassuring voice as she rubbed his neck. Then she turned on the TV to pass the time. Ironically, the only decent show was a Star Trek rerun called the Trouble with Tribbles. They had both seen it before, but it lightened the mood and Matt even laughed aloud several times.
Once the show ended, Matt looked at his watch and said, “I guess we should head over.” Melissa nodded and then followed him out to the car. 
After driving a few blocks, Matt spotted the radio station antennas flashing light on the hillside, and turned onto the driveway that lead up to the entrance. A security guard stepped out from a small shack and stopped them at the gate. 
“Can I help you?” the guard asked as he shone his flash into their car.
“I am a guest on the show,” Matt replied. Then he handed the guard their studio pass.
“Okay,” the guard said as he lifted the gate and let them in. Matt felt butterflies in his stomach and he wanted nothing more than to just turn around and leave. Anywhere seemed better than here to him.
“It’s okay, it will be over before you know it,” Melissa said reassuringly.
“I hope so,” Matt replied as he parked the car and slowly turned the key to the off position. Then he took several deep breaths and walked over to the studio entrance and rang the bell. The door opened and a well-dressed gentleman stepped out to greet them.
“Hi,” the gentleman said in a deep lulling voice that both Melissa and Matt instantly recognized from the radio program. “I’m Alex, and this is my sanctuary of truth beaming out for all the world to hear. Thanks for coming all this way to be on the show. Let’s go on inside and we can quickly cover all the FCC rules that you need to know, but wish you didn’t.” Matt and Melissa followed Alex into the studio and sat together on a long black leather couch. Alex pulled up across from them in a plush rolling chair that squeaked softly each time he moved in it.
“Okay, you probably know all of this already because it’s common sense, but I have to go over it with each guest. First, do not use any profanity. Second, do not touch any of the controls on the control panel unless you have a commercial radio license. Third, relax. If you start to get nervous, just take a sip of water and realize this is a show about sharing your story. If someone takes offense, or if we get a rude caller, don’t worry because we can always cut them off. I have a kill switch, and I’m not afraid to use it!” Alex said as he pointed to a large red button on the control panel with a jackass sticker on it.
Matt and Melissa chuckled as they looked at the other buttons marked; imbecile, derelict, know-it-all, and government boob. Most of the buttons appeared to be well worn from frequent use.
“Do either of you have any questions for me?” Alex asked. 
“No,” Matt replied while Melissa shook her head.
“Okay then. Do you want to use your real names or not?” he asked.
“I think we would like to remain anonymous,” Matt replied.
“All right then, Jack and Lisa, we’re almost ready to go,” Alex said with a wink as he pulled a microphone out from the wall and positioned it in front of them. “I will give the listeners a brief background on your story and then I will introduce you. Both of you are free to talk, however, Matt you have indicated you are the primary, so I would like you to lead off with your story after I’m done with the intro. Melissa, if Matt misses an important point, or gets stuck, feel free to jump in and help him out. I would like to keep the story to about fifteen minutes, that way we have plenty of time for callers with questions or comments. The show is designed to be interactive. We have about three more minutes before we start, so if you need to use the restroom or take a minute to collect your thoughts, now is the time.”
Alex rolled his chair over to the control panel and pulled out his microphone and tested it with a couple of finger taps. The he looked over at Matt and Melissa and said, “We will be live in just a moment.” Then he turned back to the control panel and as the on-air light illuminated he started the show.
“Good evening America, and beyond. I’m your host Alex and you are listening to Dark Matters. Tonight’s program is going to be very exciting. I have two guests with me that are going to share their incredible story with us. A story that ties together many of the elements from previous shows. Topics like aliens, inter-dimensional doorways, and governmental conspiracies. So without further delay... let me welcome our guests, Jack and Lisa. Jack, why don’t you start things off by describing your amazing find in the Mojave Desert.”
“My story begins on a field trip to a remote part of the Mojave Desert. A trip my friends and I took earlier this year to study Native American petroglyphs for a school project. Like most trips things started off pretty normal, and even when a few odd things did happen, we didn’t really put all of the pieces together until later on. The first strange thing that we noticed was an unusual shadow hanging over a small alkali lake in the valley below our campsite. Upon closer observation, we noticed a large reflective object hovering above the lake. It seemed to be trying to blend in with the surroundings. After a few minutes, the object moved away from the lake and slowly disappeared into the background. Later that day, I found an unusual looking stone near that alkali lake, and being a rockhound, I picked it up and kept it.
The next event that occurred, was during the night, I had a strange life-like dream about meeting an alien named Helios. In that dream he warned me that I needed to protect the stone that I found, he also said my friends and I were about to be arrested. The dream ended and moments later a military helicopter landed at out campsite and took us at gun point to a secret facility about twenty minutes away. While we were there, an interrogator kept pressuring us to divulge if we had seen anything unusual or found any artifacts in the desert. My friends and I all denied seeing or finding anything, and they eventually let us go. It was a terrifying experience. They have been threatening us and trying to steal the little stone that I found ever since.
What we have come to find out is that the stone is actually a communication device that works through our dreams. In those dreams we have been contacted by an alien visitor named Helios who has come to warn us about newly emerging inter-dimensional technology with far reaching consequences. According to Helios, this technology is being developed in secret by our military and the potential for misuse has him concerned. Helios wants to make sure that the technology ends up in the right hands, and he has offered to help us use the technology in a way that will not harm us, or others. That’s why I have come here to share my story. I need to reach someone directly involved with the secret project before it’s too late,” Matt paused for a moment and Alex chimed in to keep the show moving forward.
“So Matt, you mentioned that Helios is concerned about this technology being misused, can you elaborate on how this technology works and what his concern are?”
“Yes... the military has been working on a technology that allows objects to ‘shift’ from our dimension into another one, and then back. When used correctly, it will allow humans to travel across the vastness of space through that other dimension which they call ‘hyper-reality’. It’s really just a type of space travel that might seem familiar to the fans of the sci-fi series Stargate. Although you wouldn’t be walking through a portal unprotected as in Stargate, the principle is the same. The traveler would use a specially designed spaceship that would protect the traveler as they pass through hyper-reality. However, this new technology, as with any scientific leap forward, has significant risks that might not be realized until the harm has already been done. That is where Helios comes in. He wants to make sure that humans use the technology to explore the cosmos peacefully. Since the technology is currently being developed in secret by our military, I am sure anyone can see where our alien friend’s concerns about the potential for misuse are coming from. Helios only wants to help us, and prevent the technology from being perverted into a weapon or tool of conquest. Given our history of war and brutality towards one another, I am sure you can understand why he has come here to help guide us,” Matt explained.
Alex sat back in his chair as the phone lines lit up. Then he pulled the microphone over and said, “Wow! That was an amazing story; I bet we have a bunch of eager callers that would love to talk with Jack…so let’s get started. Line one go ahead.”
“My question is, exactly how are the aliens going to help us?”
“They know that our technology has catapulted us to the point where we are about to join a galactic community filled with other species and cultures. They simply want to make sure that we are prepared for that epic transition,” Matt replied.
“Great question… next caller, you’re on the air.”
“How do we know if the aliens are friendly, maybe they have nefarious intensions of their own. It’s not like they would tell us if they did.”
“I have communicated with Helios personally many times, and not once did I get the sense that he, or his kind, mean us any harm. If you think about it logically, their technology is far more advanced than ours, so they could probably just take whatever they wanted if that was their goal. Instead, they have offered to help us make this quantum leap forward. Who better to show us than an advanced race that already uses the technology?” Matt concluded.
Alex nodded his head in agreement and then said, “Next caller, what’s your question?”
“Why don’t the aliens just come down to earth and make their existence known to all of us?”
“I believe they would if people were more socially accepting of the unknown. The simple fact is that the majority of people are apprehensive or even fearful of things we don’t fully understand. If aliens just appeared out of the blue, it would probably cause mass panic, and we have a tendency to shoot first and ask questions later. As it stands now, the aliens can safely communicate with us through the dreamstone,” Matt replied.
Alex leaned into his microphone and said, “Well we’re almost out of time, let’s take one more caller.”
“I have been listening to Jack and Lisa’s story and without divulging too much about who I am, or what I used to do, I need to speak with them right away.”
“Caller, I am happy to take your information off the air in just a moment, please stay on the line and I will be right back with you,” Alex promised.
“Thank you,” the caller replied. “I can’t stress how important it is that I get in touch with them personally.”
“I will make sure they get your info,” Alex replied, sounding somewhat annoyed at the caller’s persistence.
“Well folks, that’s all we have time for tonight, but be sure to tune in tomorrow for another exciting show. Our next guest speaker is an expert on crop circles. Are they hoaxes or messages from beyond? Join us tomorrow at midnight to find out more. Thank you and good night.”
“Thanks again for making the long trip to my studio,” Alex replied as he shook their hands and then gave Matt an envelope.
“What’s this?” Matt asked as he peeked inside.
“That’s the contact information from the last caller. Use caution if you decide to contact him... admittedly my show can bring out individuals that are on the fringes of society. There is also a short list of some of my personal contacts. These are people who support the kind of work that I do on my show and are also in unique positions throughout the military and government. These are some very influential people and I am only giving you their names because I believe your story, and you may need their help. This is not something I normally do for my guests, and promise me you will use discretion,” Alex said with a stern and expectant look.
“I understand what you are saying,” Matt replied.
“Only use my contacts if yours proves to be a dead end,” Alex added.
“Okay,” Matt agreed.
“Thank you for all of your help,” Melissa said as they headed out the door.
“You’re welcome, and good luck,” Alex replied.
“I think you did a great job,” Melissa congratulated.
“I was so nervous before the show I wasn’t sure if I could do it, but once I started telling our story it got easier,” Matt replied.
“You showed a lot of courage in there and I’m proud of you. I think Alex saw it too, otherwise I don’t think he would have offered his help,” Melissa remarked.
“I couldn’t have done it without your support. Thanks for being there for me,” Matt said with an appreciative smile.
When they arrived back at the Hotel, Matt noticed a note taped to the door and cautiously removed it.
“What does it say?” Melissa asked as Matt opened it up to read it. 
“I would like to talk to you. Please come to room 237, it’s right across from the hotel lobby, I’ll be up late waiting for you.”
“That’s kind of strange and cryptic,” Matt said as he stared suspiciously at the note.
“Well, we came all this way to tell our story and find a contact. The hotel is a public place. I guess it wouldn’t hurt to walk over to the lobby and check it out. If we get a creepy feeling, we can leave,” Melissa suggested.
“Alright,” Matt agreed as he followed after her. When they reached room 237, she noticed the door was partly open and she peeked inside. In the corner next to a small portable radio Melissa saw an elderly man sitting in a wheelchair.
“Come in, I was the one that called the show and left my number. Then it dawned on me that you were the same couple that was just on the radio show. I figured it out because your car has out of state plates and this is the closest hotel to the radio station,” the man said in a frail voice. Melissa motioned for Matt to follow her inside and then they sat close together on a raggedy old couch that was too large for the room.
“My name is Raymond, and like you, I have a story to tell. It’s a story that was turned into a movie, and in that movie all traces of legitimacy were lost and every shred of truth was buried in a steaming pile of deception and lies. Like so many other stories that seemed too implausible to be true, it was easy to dismiss, and the people that witnessed the actual event were ostracized and forgotten. I have waited many years for the truth to resurface, and tonight it has,” Raymond exclaimed as he pulled out a faded photograph from a dusty cigar box sitting on his lap. Matt’s eyes grew ever larger as he gazed at the photo.
“Is that what I think it is?” he said.
“Yes, that was taken nearly sixty years ago in Philadelphia,” Raymond replied. Matt could see a long row of sailors standing on the deck of a ship and on the bow it read, U.S.S. Eldridge, DE-173.
“Is that you in the picture?” Melissa asked as she looked at it, recognizing a much younger version of Raymond.
“Yes, that’s me standing next to the guardrail,” Raymond confirmed.
“As you can see, I was a crewman on the U.S.S. Eldridge back when they started conducting those radar evasion tests called Dark Shadow. Anyhow, the reason I wanted to talk to you was that after those tests, all of my fellow crewmen became severely ill, including myself. As time wore on, some of the men were so severely affected from the tests, that they either went insane or committed suicide. These were all good men, men that had seen combat and were hardened like steel. These were not the kind of men that would take their own lives or fall apart mentally. It was the damnedest thing I had ever seen. Naturally, the military denied that the radar tests were the cause of the illnesses, and anyone who speculated that they were got re-assigned or discharged. Many years later after the war, several of use bumped into each other at a Naval Reunion party, and after a few drinks, we started to compare our stories from the old days. Much to our surprise, we all had similar dreams shortly after the last and most powerful radar test. I think you know what kind of dreams I’m talking about, but to make a long story short, the beings in the dreams offered to help reverse what the radar tests had done to us. I accepted their help since I was worse off than most. I can’t explain what they did for me, but I was surrounded by some kind of light energy. After that I stopped having any mental issues and I never had another dream about the beings again. At the time I thought it was just a bunch of crazy dreams, but after the reunion, I realized that there must have been something more to it, something miraculous. I can only speculate that the crewmembers who did not accept the help offered to them were the ones that didn’t recover. All I know is that when I heard your story on the radio tonight, I knew that you and I have come into contact with the same beings. I don’t know how they contacted us after the experiment on the ship, but I’m sure thankful they did. I just thought you should know that they helped me and several of my fellow crewmen in the past, and you are absolutely right to trust them now,” Raymond insisted.
Melissa wiped her eyes, feeling a mixture of emotion from Raymond’s story and also feeling vindicated that they were not alone in their alien experience.
“I have something I want you to have,” Raymond said as he pulled a tattered old leather-bound notebook off the shelf next to him.
“At the reunion we decided to document everything that happened to us after Dark Shadow. These stories describe our dreams and how the beings helped us. Hopefully this information can be of some help to you. If nothing else, it will set your mind at ease that you are not alone. Be careful, the military turned its back on us after the accident, and they couldn’t bury the truth about the incident fast enough,” Raymond asserted as he pulled back the blanket that was draped across his lap to reveal the absence of limbs. “I had to be cut from the deck of the Eldridge after the final radar test. My legs were fused with the steel up to my waist, and I was one of the lucky ones. The military never offered an explanation, never said they were sorry, nothing. They just gave me a medical discharge and my pension, which I might add, they threatened to revoke if I ever mentioned the incident. I’m an old man now, so f-them,” Raymond added as he put the blanket back down across his lap.
“I can’t tell you how much your story means to us,” Matt said in a sorrowful tone. “I am truly sorry about what happened to you and your crewmates, but I am relieved to hear that the aliens helped you. I have felt all along that they were legitimately concerned about our well-being, and your notebook proves it. Thank you so much for contacting us.”
“I hope you are successful in stopping the military from misusing the technology, because given the chance, they will,” Raymond attested.
Matt and Melissa returned to their room and took a few minutes to look through the notebook before they prepared for bed. Matt noted that specific details about the project were not explained, but each crewmember did clearly describe what happened to them after the tests. What really stood out was that all of the secret work was done by scientists and not the crewmen. The crew was only there to maintain the ship, and unbeknownst to them, to be test subjects in the experiments. One of the crewmen noted that all of the top brass and scientists left the ship during the final test, and he felt they must have known that the test was dangerous. Matt also noticed that all of  the survivors wrote that they had accepted help from, ‘angels’, ‘guardians’ or ‘beings’ depending on the story. Another interesting commonality between the stories was that none of the crewman were afraid of the beings, even though they knew they were not human.
“I’m worn out,” Melissa said as she looked at the clock which read 2:41 am.
“I am too,” Matt replied with a yawn. Then he put the notebook securely into his suitcase and got into bed after turning off the light.
“Good night,” he said, as he pulled the stiff starch-laden covers up to his chin.
“Good night,” Melissa replied as she fluffed her pillow and then closed her eyes.
Matt laid awake for a few minutes mulling over the eventful day, but the need for sleep eventually overtook him.
The next morning Matt was awakened by the sunlight shining through the slits in the thick floral drapes. When he got out of bed and peeked out into the parking lot, he noticed that their car was one of the only ones still at the hotel.
“Melissa, are you awake?” has asked. She stirred under the covers for a moment, but didn’t reply. “Melissa, it’s time to get up,” he said as he nudged her gently.
“Okay, I’m getting up,” she replied with half open eyelids.” What time is it anyway?”
“It is 9:30 am, and checkout is at10:00,” Matt answered.
“Let me take a quick shower and I’ll be ready to go shortly,” she said in a groggy voice.
While Melissa showered, Matt packed up everything except a pretty black skirt that he found hidden amongst her belongings.
“Oh, you spoiled the surprise!” she said when she emerged from the bathroom and saw the skirt laying on the edge of the bed.
“What do you mean?” Matt asked.
“I know how you like skirts,” she replied with a frisky look.
“It’s so unfair; you know what I am thinking even before I do.” Matt acknowledged.
“I know we don’t have time to play around before we go, but I’ll make it up to you when we get home,” she smiled. Matt blushed a little, and then went into the bathroom to take his shower.
“I am going to run across the street to the gas station and see what fantastic things they sell for breakfast,” Melissa said as she peeked in the bathroom.
“Okay,” Matt replied as he fiddled with the water knob, trying to find the perfect temperature setting.
When he finished, Melissa had just walked in holding a small plastic bag. 
“What did you buy?” Matt asked as he put on his pants.
“I got you a couple of donuts and a chocolate milk, and a muffin and coffee for me,” she replied.
“Doh-nuts?” Matt replied in his best Homer Simpson voice.
“Yep, and I’m marrying an idiot,” Melissa joked.
Matt laughed and then took a bite of the custard filled pastry. Then he picked up his suitcase and headed out to the car. Melissa picked up her bag and followed him out after making sure she didn’t forget anything. Then she got into the car, and they started back home.
Chapter 21
Matt pulled up next to their cottage and parked the car. Melissa was still asleep so he quietly unloaded their stuff and took it inside. Then he went out back and checked the Azalea. After confirming the dreamstone was still safely in the soil, he rinsed off his finger with the hose and then watered the plant.
“It’s good to be back,” Melissa commented as she walked out to see what he was doing.
“Yeah, it was a long drive and I can’t wait to sleep in our own bed,” he replied.
“I know, the hotel was nice, but there is just something comforting about coming home to familiar things,” Melissa added.
“Speaking of the hotel, do you think Raymond lived there?” Matt asked.
“I got that impression too. Maybe he is friends with the owner or something along those lines,” she suggested.
“I also thought it was odd how he figured out we were the ones on the radio program,” Matt said looking perplexed.
“I know. I thought we were being discrete, but when an elderly man in a wheelchair can track you down, I guess not...” Melissa realized.
“He seemed harmless enough, and the notebook he gave us really helps supports our story,” Matt remarked.
“I know, and hopefully the military will leave us alone now that the story is out there,” Melissa suggested.
“At least if something happens to us now, people might start asking questions. I think they might be reluctant to draw too much attention to their nefarious agenda, knowing how violations of people’s civil liberties can become media fodder. I know they abducted us, intimidated us, and tried to steal the dreamstone, but compared to what they could do, we have not fared too poorly,” Matt remarked.
“I suppose,” Melissa replied disconcertingly, as she started to imagine the nightmare scenarios that could still befall them.
Matt went back inside and turned on the computer to check his e-mail. There was a message from Alex and he promptly opened it.
“Hope all is well. I had a flood of calls after the show, but unfortunately most of them were worthless. I did attach a list of the best leads. Good luck with your search and please let me know how things turn out. I would love to have you back on the show when you’ve made some progress. – Alex.” Matt printed the list of contact names and numbers, and put it in his wallet for safe keeping. Then he replied with a quick ‘thank you’ e-mail.
“Any news?” Melissa asked as she came back inside to see what Matt was doing.
“Yeah, Alex e-mailed me a list of contacts in response to the show,” Matt said optimistically.
“That was fast,” she replied.
“I know... plus we still have the list of his personal contacts if all else fails,” Matt remarked.
“I bet something will work out,” Melissa said as she started to get ready for bed.
“It is getting late, isn’t it,” Matt admitted, as if he was hinting about something. 
Melissa instantly picked up on his subtle reminder and looked over at him. “I know my skirt made certain promises back at the hotel, but honestly I’m too tired from the marathon drive to keep it,” Melissa said with an apologetic smile.
“That’s okay. I was interested, but at the same time I’m worn out too,” he confessed.
“We’ll do something special when the time is right,” she said before disappearing into the bathroom.
While she was in there, Matt took off his clothes and got into bed. A few moments later Melissa came out and joined him.
“What’s wrong?” she asked, giggling each time he moved away from her under the covers.
“Your feet are colder than polar ice,” he replied.
“No they’re not!” she contended as she pressed her feet against the back of his warm thighs.
“Aaah!” he yelled, falling out of the bed while trying to get away.
“Oops,” she said in an innocent little voice.
“Are you kidding me!” Matt exclaimed as he reluctantly crawled back into the bed. “Keep those frigid things off of me,” he warned.
A moment later he could feel the covers shifting as her feet approached him. Matt quickly reached down and blocked her, then he started tickling her.
“Stop it... I’m warning you!” she said in playful tone.
“Then keep your icy feet away from me,” Matt threatened back.
“Alright, alright, I won’t put them on you,” she replied while slowly retracting them.
“Good night!” Matt remarked as he rolled over and closed his eyes. Seconds later, her cold feet were resting up against his legs and he sighed loudly. Melissa giggled, but Matt just kept his eyes closed until her feet warmed up. Then he slowly drifted off to sleep.
The next morning Matt woke up feeling refreshed. Melissa had already left for her classes, but there was note on the pillow next to him.
‘Hope you slept well, he-he, see you later, love, Melissa.’ There were several small hearts drawn on the note and it brought an instant smile to his face. Matt laid there for a while, thinking warm thoughts about her. Then he looked at the time and decided to get up. After eating breakfast, he headed over to campus so he could call a few of the contact numbers from the pay phone. It was one of the only pay phones left, but Matt felt it was the only anonymous way to make a call.
After dialing the first number and not getting a response, he tried the next one.
“Hello?” a friendly sounding woman answered.
“Hi, I am returning your call in response to the radio program from Saturday night,” Matt replied.
“Oh good, I’m glad you called me back. My sister knows a guy that works for the Department of Defense, and he was bragging about some secret project that would put NASA out of the space business. I don’t know if there is a connection to your hyper-reality story or not, but it sounded like it could be. My sister is at work right now and if you give her a call, I think she would be willing to talk to you about it,” the woman said in a hopeful tone.
“Okay, let me get out a pen and paper...” Matt replied, “alright, go ahead,” he said when he was ready. Then he read the number back to her to confirm it.
“That’s correct,” she replied. “By the way, I really liked your story on the radio last Saturday. I hope my sister can help you.”
“Thanks,” Matt replied.
“You’re welcome,” she said before hanging up. 
Matt dialed the number and waited as it rang several times.
“This is Angelia Aether, how may I help you?” the woman answered.
“Hi my name is Matt. I was given your name and number by your sister. She thought you might have some useful information about a certain defense project dealing with advanced space travel. Do you know what I’m talking about?” Matt asked.
“My sister gave you my number… I’m going to kill her,” the woman said after a long pause.
“She thought we should talk about the project because I have some critical information to pass along,” Matt divulged.
“I can’t talk about it now, but if you call my sister’s house tonight at 8:00 pm we can talk more freely after I get done ringing her neck,” Angelia joked
“Okay, I’ll call you back tonight,” Matt confirmed. Then he headed over to his sociology class since it was about to start. The class was interesting, but Matt found himself daydreaming his way through it. His thoughts kept going back to Angelia and the unrelenting hope that she would be able to help him and ultimately Helios.
Later that evening, Matt returned home to find Melissa working on her homework.
“How was your day?” he asked.
“Good, I have a lot of work to finish though,” she said with a frown. “What about you, anything interesting happen?”
“I called the first few numbers on the list this morning and made a very promising contact,” he revealed.
“Really, who is it?” Melissa asked.
“A woman working for NASA named Angelia. She apparently knows someone working at the Department of Defense that is probably working on the hyper-reality project,” he said in a hopeful tone.
“That’s great news. Do you think she is legitimate?” Melissa asked.
“I think so. I’m supposed to call her back at 8:00 pm and find out more. Unfortunately, I’ll have to call from the campus pay phone since our cell phones aren’t secure,” he said with raised eyebrows.
“I’ll come with you when you make the call,” Melissa said with an encouraging smile.
“Okay, after that we can have dinner at the Chinese restaurant near the campus if you like?” Matt offered.
“Yeah, that sounds good,” Melissa replied.
“What would you like to do between now and then?” Matt asked.
“I have to study,” Melissa sighed.
“I guess I should too,” Matt remarked with a total lack of enthusiasm. Then he pulled up a chair next to her and started reading his sociology textbook.
After a few hours, Matt noticed it was getting close to the time when he needed to make the call, and he set his textbook down on the table.
“Are you still coming with me?” he asked while looking over at Melissa.
“Of course, you said you’re taking me out to dinner after the call,” she said with a smile.
“I’m not sure I said it like that,” Matt remarked jokingly as he put his jacket on, and then handed her hers.
“Thanks,” she said lovingly. Matt nodded and then watched her as she put the black leather jacket on. Then he reached for her hand as they headed out.
Once they reached the payphone, Matt dialed the number and waited for Angelia or her sister to answer. Melissa hovered close to him so she could listen in on the call.
“Hi, it’s me,” Matt said when Angelia answered the phone.
“Hello,” Angelia replied. “Sorry I couldn’t talk at work, but those phones aren’t private.”
“That’s what I figured,” Matt replied.
“I’m not sure what my blabber-mouth sister told you, but I am the director of Research and Development at NASA. My job is to determine the aerospace applications of emerging new technologies, and as a result I work closely with some of the nation’s leading tech companies and other branches of the government. In the past, NASA and the Department of Defense shared technologies because we would launch their satellites on the space shuttles and perform other task for them. When the shuttle program unexpectedly ended, they began using their own launch systems and we have been blackballed by them. My counterpart working in the Department of Defense did a little bragging about an inter-dimensional project he was working on after we had a few drinks. I didn’t take him too seriously at the time because he was always boasting about the projects he was involved with. When my sister heard the radio program about inter-dimensional space travel, she called the show and left her number. I wish she had talked to me about it first, but her intentions were well meaning,” Angelia admitted.
“Did you hear the radio program?” Matt asked.
“Yes. The day before you called, she sent me a link to the program’s archive and I skimmed over it. I did catch your story about the hyper-reality project, but I guess it seemed too far-fetched at the time for me to pursue it. Of course my sister is convinced that the whole hyper-reality project is real, but she believes everything on that show is real,” Angelia remarked.
“I have proof,” Matt asserted.
“Well, if you can convince me that your story is true, and you have the physical proof to back it up, then I think we can help each other,” Angelia said confidently.
“Assuming I convince you, how would you be able to help?” Matt asked as politely as he could.
“With all the funding cuts going on, and the shuttle program shuttered, you can see my concern for the future of NASA. Technically, we have jurisdiction over all space operations of a scientific nature, whereas the Department of Defense is limited to military operations only. If you can help me prove the Department of Defense is developing space travel technology beyond the scope of a military need, then NASA has a right to that technology. My guess is that they are keeping it secret so they don’t have to share the funding for the project. Unfortunately, I would need some pretty convincing evidence to claim the right of scientific discovery and make a grab for the project,” Angelia admitted.
“I do have one very important question,” Matt added. “What would you do, assuming you believe me and wanted to proceed?”
Angelia paused for a moment, “I would have to get congressional approval to open an investigation into the Department of Defense’s project. Then congress would have to put together an advisory panel to weigh the military and scientific importance of the project. Then assign control over the project on a sliding-scale based on the best use of the technology,” Angelia replied.
“Is that something you would be willing to do?” Matt asked.
“Yes, but I won’t lie to you, I’m not risking my career unless I am absolutely sure your story is true, and you have the evidence to back it up,” she stated in no uncertain terms.
“Fair enough,” Matt replied.
“So let me make sure I understand this correctly, you said on the radio program that the dreamstone allows someone to communicate with beings from another world?” Angelia asked.
“Yes, but it only works if you are in close proximity to the stone while you are sleeping, and you have an open mind,” Matt replied.
“How close do you need to be in order for it to work?” Angelia asked.
“I can’t say for sure, but I know it doesn’t work if you are more than about ten feet from it,” Matt replied.
“Well, if it’s true, you have the find of the century,” Angelia exclaimed.
“It is, but ever since I found the dreamstone, the military has been trying to take it away from me. My friend and I have been through hell trying to keep it safe. I want to trust you, but I need some time to work out a plan that protects all of us. Can I contact you through your sister’s number once I come up with a good way for us to meet?” Matt asked.
“Sure, just let me know what you’re planning, and I’ll see what I can do,” Angelia replied.
“Thanks, I’ll be in touch,” Matt responded.
“From what I could hear, it sounds like she’s willing to help?” Melissa surmised.
“Only if we can prove our story, which means coming up with a way for her to use the dreamstone,” Matt replied.
“What did you have in mind?” Melissa asked.
“I was thinking if we had side-by-side hotel rooms, we might be able to get the dreamstone close enough to her so it can work. What do you think?” Matt asked.
“Do you think she is open-minded enough for the dreamstone?” Melissa questioned.
“I don’t know, it’s up to the stone,” Matt remarked.
“Well, it sounds like a reasonable plan. I do think you should set it up so that she comes to us, that way we know she’s committed,” Melissa suggested.
“I’ll call her back and see if she is willing to do that. It does seem like she is interested in finding out what the Department of Defense is working on. I think there is a rivalry there that could work in our favor,” Matt hinted.
“Alright, let’s see if she is sincere,” Melissa remarked. Matt turned back to the payphone and put in another handful of quarters. 
“Is Angelia there?” he asked when her sister answered.
“Yes, hold on while I it get her,” she replied.
“Hi, this is Angelia.”
“Sorry to bother you again, but I wanted to ask if you able would be able to travel to the west coast and meet with us, then we can show you the proof that we have?” Matt asked.
“If I come all that way, I’m not going to be disappointed am I?” she said bluntly.
“As long as you believe that there is life beyond our solar system, then you will be amazed when you see what we have found,” Matt asserted.
“Alright, I’ll come. Did you have a date and location in mind?” she asked.
Matt paused for a moment while he quickly ran down a list in his head of hotels nearby. “If I reserve a room for you at the Oceanside Hotel in Crescent City, California for Friday night, would you be able to make it?” Matt asked.
“Let me check my schedule... yes, I’m free on that date,” Angelia confirmed.
“Great, I’ll set that up and we can meet first thing Saturday morning,” Matt replied.
“Just so you know, I’m booking this trip as business travel since we will be working together to investigate the possibility that the Department of Defense is circumventing my agency,” Angelia revealed.
“Okay, I’ll see you in a few days,” Matt replied. He knew that that was her way of saying that she wasn’t going to meet some stranger half way across the country without a record of where she was going.
“Looking forward to it,” Angelia replied. “If your story turns out to be true, then it will be well worth it, if not, then I guess I’ll do some sight-seeing along the coast,” she joked.
“Thanks again,” Matt replied.
“Is she coming?” Melissa asked after Matt hung up the phone.
“Yep, it’s all arranged. I just have to reserve a room for her and then we’re good to go,” he remarked cheerfully.
“Now that it’s settled, you can buy me that Chinese dinner you promised,” Melissa said with a smile.
Chapter 22
The Oceanside Hotel was an older, well-kept venue that was perched on the cliffs overlooking a small sandy beach below. Matt had driven by the hotel many times on his way to Gold Beach, which was his favorite location to metal detect in the summer. He had found numerous old coins and other relics at the site that dated back to the 1930’s. The beach had been made famous when fine grained gold was discovered in the sand resulting in a mini-gold rush. The frenzy of prospectors quickly sluiced out the limited supply of precious metal and then moved on. All that remained were a few lost artifacts and a name that summed up the beaches’ story in two simple words....Gold Beach.
After Matt pulled into the Oceanside Hotel’s parking lot, he drove around to the side, adjacent to the entrance and parked.
“I’ll get the bags if you don’t mind locking the car for me,” he asked, as he looked over at Melissa. 
“Sure,” she replied with a smile. “You know this is the third trip we have taken together since you found the dreamstone... maybe we should call it the lovestone,” Melissa joked, in an effort to lighten the situation.
“When all of this is over, we’ll go on a real vacation. One that has nothing to do with secret projects, aliens, or any other clandestine stuff,” he promised.
“That would be nice,” Melissa replied as she followed him over to the lobby door and then opened it for him since his hands were full.
“Thanks,” he said with loving smile.
“Can I help you?” the gentleman behind the counter asked.
“Yes, my name is Matt Emidio, and I have a reservation.”
“Great,” the clerk replied. “I have you down for two adjoining rooms, 236 and 237.”
“The second room is for my business partner,” Matt interrupted. “Her name is Angelia Aether and she will be here later this evening.”
“Okay, which room did you want?” the clerk asked.
“Are they the same?” Matt asked.
“Yes,” the clerk replied, while holding out both keys cards, waiting for Matt to choose. Matt took both sets and the clerk gave him a funny look.
“I’ll bring the other keycards back, I just want to look at both rooms before I decide,” Matt remarked.
“Okay,” the clerk said in a voice that implied he was annoyed, but was also used to the occasional odd guest. “The rooms are down the corridor on the right, just past the ice machine.”
Matt went over and checked one room and then the other. He noted the placement of the beds in each of the rooms and then glanced around to make sure there would be a good location to set up the dreamstone.
“Will it work?” Melissa asked as she looked over his shoulder.
“I think so,” Matt replied, as he peeked inside a small air vent near the ceiling that connected the two rooms. Then he gently removed the face plate and slid the dreamstone along the air duct from the room they were in, until it was near the bed in the adjacent room. Then he climbed down off the chair and returned it to its original location. Melissa unpacked their belongings while Matt went back down to the lobby and gave the card key for room 236 back to the clerk.
“Are the rooms to your liking?” he asked in an ‘I don’t really care’ attitude.
“Yes, and you were right, they are identical,” Matt replied sarcastically. The clerk ignored him and shuffled a few papers around on the counter to look busy.
When Matt retuned to the room he noticed Melissa was out on the balcony overlooking the ocean. The cool evening breeze was gently lifting her jet black hair off of her shoulders, and he couldn’t help but notice how attractive her silhouette was in the moonlight.
“Hi,” he said after walking over and kissing her on the neck. Melissa looked back at him just long enough to give an affectionate smile in return.
Matt glanced down at the beach and noticed a group of plovers dashing back and forth as the waves gently broke against the pale gray sand. 
“Do you feel like going for a walk?” Melissa asked in a soft voice that was so gentle it left the peacefulness of the moment undisturbed.
“Sure,” he replied.
Once they were outside, Melissa continued along the edge of the parking lot until she found a well-worn path leading down to the beach.
“Are you warm enough?” Matt asked as the wind picked up slightly, 
“Yeah, the breeze is exhilarating,” she exclaimed.
“That’s one way to describe it,” Matt replied as he eyed the fog bank perched a little ways off shore, looming in the moonlight. Melissa continued down to the water’s edge and he watched as she playfully skipped through the water trying to keep her skirt dry.
“You’re crazy,” he said, as she tried to lure him closer to splash him. 
“I’ll race you to the cove,” she said after realizing he wasn’t going to get near the water.  
“Okay,” Matt replied, as they both took off running towards it. Melissa was in the lead, but her smaller feet were sinking more deeply into the soft sand and he was slowly gaining on her. Then as he was about to pass her, she cut him off at the edge of the cove. Matt stumbled and fell forward, and then they both fell.
“Are you alright?” Matt asked, as he lay there catching his breath.
“Yes,” Melissa replied laughing. “You almost had me.”
“Almost, are you kidding me?” Matt chuckled. 
“I suppose you deserve something for your effort,” she said as she glanced around for a second to make sure they were still alone. Then she started kissing him on the lips.
“What are you doing?” Matt questioned suspiciously.
“The winner gets a prize,” she replied in a seductive tone.
“I thought you said you won?” he questioned.
“I did,” she replied as she loosened the buttons on his jeans. Then she slid her hands slowly down his warm inner thigh. Matt could feel his muscles tensing in anticipation as she gently messaged him until she felt he was ready. Then she slid on top of him, pulling his pants down just enough to expose his midsection, but not enough to let the cold air come between them. Matt clutched at the sand as the distant waves crashed against the shore rhythmically. Melissa quickened her pace until she felt a warm tingling sensation in her loins. Then she let out a few soft cries of elation, as Matt arched his back, pushing deeply into her for several moments.
“Thank you,” he said in a whisper.
“You’re welcome,” Melissa replied as she rested her head on his chest.
As they continued to share the intimate moment, the moonlight started to fade and the beach was enveloped by a thick fog.
“I guess we should head back,” Matt suggested as a light mist started to rain down on them.
“Yeah, I’m starting to get cold,” Melissa replied.
Once they got back to their room Matt noticed some faint noises coming from the adjacent room. “I think Angelia is here,” he whispered to Melissa.
“Oh, good,” she remarked as she disappeared into the bathroom. When Matt heard the shower running, he went into the bathroom and joined her.
“Are you ready for round two?” she joked.
“No... I just have to get the sand out of the nooks and crannies,” he replied as he grabbed for the bar of soap. A moment later it slipped out of his hand and when he bent down to pick it up, Melissa squirted his backside with the shower nozzle.
“Stop that!” he commanded, covering his backside with his hands. When he turned around to scold her, she squirted his front side.
“I said stop that!” he demanded, but each time he tried to get the water nozzle away from her, she would squirt the exposed part of his body. 
“You wouldn’t dare?” she yelled when Matt finally got it away from her. 
“Wouldn’t I?” he replied while aiming it at her butt. The ensuing screams, followed by laughter finished out the shower.
Melissa dried herself off, while Matt brushed his teeth. Then she left the bathroom and climbed into bed. Matt followed shortly after, pausing long enough to turn out the lights. When he got into the bed he noticed Melissa had already fallen asleep. He gently leaned over and gave her a kiss goodnight, and then rolled over and closed his eyes.
The next morning Matt woke to the sound of the clock radio playing some kind of easy listening music. Matt reached over and turned it off after getting out of bed. Then he got dressed and walked around to Melissa’s side of the bed.
“I was thinking of going over to Angelia’s room to introduce myself. Do you want me to wait for you to get up, or just go over by myself?” he asked in a soft voice.
“Go ahead without me,” she replied. Matt kissed her cheek and then headed next door.
Matt knocked softly a couple of times and then waited for a response. A moment later, the door opened a few inches, and he could see a tall well-dressed woman through the narrow slit.
“Can I help you?” she asked in a suspicious tone.
“Hi, I am Matt… are you Angelia?”
“Yes,” she replied. “You are welcome to come in if you would like.”
“Thanks, it’s nice to finally meet you,” he said as he sat down on the overstuffed chair near the balcony. 
“You are very clever,” Angelia said with a smile. “I had the most outrageous dream last night, but I bet you already know this don’t you?”
“What happened?” he asked hoping she would say more so he could be certain she was telling the truth.
“I met your friend Helios, and all I can say is wow!”
“What did Helios look like,” Matt asked as a final test.
“Reptile-like,” she replied.
“Well, I see the dreamstone worked on you,” Matt admitted. 
“It sure did, and we need to get moving on this right away. I would like to call an old friend of mine who can help,” Angelia suggested.
“Who?” Matt asked in a reluctant tone.
“Congressman Anderson, he has been a long time champion of the space program and I believe he will be our best bet if we have to challenge the Department of Defense,” she said optimistically.
“Do you think you can trust him with something this unique?” Matt asked.
“Yes, I have worked with him in the past on some pretty radical projects. He is one of the few politicians that has integrity and is not afraid to stand up for issues he is passionate about,” Angelia insisted.
“How do we meet with him?” Matt asked.
“Let me give him a call and see what I can do,” Angelia said as she pulled her cell phone from her purse. Matt got up and went outside the room so she could have some privacy. After a few minutes Angelia came out holding a piece of paper with some notes scribbled on it. “He is in San Francisco, but after some arm twisting I have convinced him to fly up here later today. I realize you have been harassed by the military, and I also understand the importance of keeping the dreamstone safe, so if you’re not comfortable meeting with him, let me know.”
“You trusted me enough to come all this way, the least I can do is meet with your trusted friend,” Matt replied.
“The congressman is going to call me when he lands, but we need to decide where you would like to meet him. I’ll leave it up to you since you know the area,” Angelia claimed.
“There is a Public Library near the airport. Do you know what time he is planning to arrive?” Matt asked.
“He should be here around 3:30 pm,” she replied after looking down at the piece of paper in her hand.
“Okay, if he is coming around 3:30, than we should plan to meet him at the library around 4:00. That would give everyone time to find the library and allow for some wiggle room in case he is late,” Matt suggested.
“That sounds good to me,” Angelia replied.
“Thanks again for coming here and for setting up the meeting with your friend. I guess Helios must have made quite an impression on you?” Matt commented.
“He sure did, and once he explained the dangers of hyper-reality to me, I knew I had to help. Just being able to communicate with an alien species has profoundly changed my outlook on our space program. I can’t thank you enough for bringing me in and trusting me. I will do everything I can to help,” she promised.
“It certainly has changed my life too,” Matt added in a tone that conveyed a mixture of feelings. “I am going to take care of a few things, but I look forward to meeting your friend, and I hope we can convince him to help us.”
“I think he will,” Angelia added as she headed back to her room.
“How did it go?” Melissa asked when Matt returned.
“It went great. Helios made contact with Angelia and now she is eager to help. She has set up a meeting with a friend of hers who is a Congressman, and is willing to take on the Department of Defense if he believes us,” Matt said with a hopeful smile.
“It seems like things are starting to fall into place,” Melissa remarked.
Chapter 23
Matt and Melissa waited outside the library until a black Escalade limo pulled to the front step and parked. A moment later, the limo driver came around to the side door and opened it, revealing Angelia and a well-dressed man who was obviously the Congressman.
“Hi Matt, this is my friend Congressman Anderson,” Angelia announced. Matt shook his hand and then introduced Melissa to them.
“There’s a nice quiet area inside the library that we can go to and sit, if that’s okay?” Matt suggested.
“Sure, lead the way,” the congressman replied.
After everyone was seated, the Congressman looked over at Matt and said, “You have twenty minutes... what evidence do you have to justify an investigation into the Department of Defense?”
“What has Angelia told you so far?” Matt asked.
“She said the Department is secretly developing a technology that will revolutionize space travel,” he replied in a deep resonating voice.
“Well, we have two different types of evidence. The dreamstone, which is like a communication device that Angelia has experienced first-hand. Since she knows how it works, I’ll skip over that since we have limited time. Angelia can give you those details later. The item that I think would be of the most use to you is a journal from a retired sailor that Melissa and I recently met. He served on the U.S.S. Eldridge nearly sixty years ago when it was used to test the radar invisibility technology. During the last test, something went terribly wrong and the crewmen on the ship became ill and some even died. It was called Dark Shadow, have you ever heard of it?” Matt asked.
“I remember reading that the Eldridge was caught in a severe electrical storm and several sailors were struck by lightning. I think a couple of them were killed and a few others received medical discharges,” Congressman Anderson declared.
Matt sighed, “We have evidence to the contrary.” Then he reached into his backpack and pulled out the leather-bound notebook and slid it across the table. The Congressman opened it up and started to read some of the entries. Matt looked on trying to gauge his reaction. The Congressman paused after a few minutes and looked over at Angelia, “You didn’t mention this book when we talked.”
“I didn’t know about it,” she replied, looking a bit confused as she looked over and read a couple of the entries.
“Angelia, I didn’t mention the notebook because I wasn’t sure how far I could trust you. As I mentioned before, the military has tried to take away anything that leads back to the hyper-dimension project. As you can see, that notebook all but proves that the Department of Defense’s story about what happened on the U.S.S. Eldridge is a farce. There are twenty-two entries from the crew of that ship recalling the events surrounding the ‘accident’, and their encounters with the beings who helped them after it. Now that you have read some of the first-hand accounts of what the sailors went through, can you help us?” Matt asked. 
The Congressman took a few deep breaths and then looked Matt straight in the eyes, “Tell me exactly how all these events are connected together. I am still a little unclear on some of the details.”
“As best as we can figure, the crew of the U.S.S. Eldridge was exposed to some kind of powerful electromagnetic field experiment that was designed to make the ship radar invisible. The thing is, the experiment worked too well. The ship not only became radar invisible, it also shifted into another dimension and then shifted back a few minutes later. The problem was, the experiment had unintended consequences that severely impacted the crew. Some of them were killed instantly, others were partially fused with ship, and several more slowly lost their grip on reality. When the ship shifted from our reality into the other dimension, it did not go unnoticed. An alien race came to investigate the energy signal generated by the inter-dimensional shift, and when they saw the suffering of the sailors, they offered their help. Then they left after they saw that we were still decades away from using the technology to travel out of our solar system. The military has spent the last sixty years developing the technology. Now that they are on the verge of success, the aliens have returned because there are significant risks involved with shifting between dimensions. The aliens believe that we need their help transitioning into the galactic community, and they are very concerned that this technology, if used indiscriminately, could lead to irreparable damage to our species or others. Basically they don’t want the technology to be used as a weapon, and if left in the hands of our military, the risk is that it will be,” Matt explained.
“What is your impression of this?” he asked as he looked over at Angelia.
“Everything he just said I also believe to be true. The significance of this new technology is unimaginable, and the consequences for its misuse are equally dramatic,” Angelia replied.
“So how does the technology work?” he asked while still looking at Angelia.
“From what we have learned from the aliens, space travel as we know it is about to be revolutionized, and NASA, not the Department of Defense, should lead up this project,” Angelia asserted.
Congressman Anderson sighed and seemed to be pondering his options as everyone sat quietly waiting for his response.
“I would like to point out that any aerospace project, secret or not, falls under Executive Order 12591, Section 2, which allows NASA to participate in any relevant technological advances under the Technology Share Program, and Section 5, which mandates Technology Transfers from the Department of Defense,” Angelia added.
“I am familiar with that order. However, it was not drafted to act as a blanket, and its scope is limited by National Security considerations. The Executive Order was enacted primarily as a tool to gather and share technological advances and information between governmental agencies. Applying the law to expose a secret project could be very difficult to justify to the other members of congress,” he contended.
“That might be true, but either way, we believe the Department of Defense is ignoring the considerable risks associated with their hyper-reality experiments,” Angelia added.
“Your point is well taken and I appreciate you bringing this matter to my attention. I ask that you give me some time to consider this issue and all of the ramifications associated with it. In the meantime, I must insist that you keep this to yourselves,” Congressman Anderson replied.
Matt and Melissa nodded in agreement, but Angelia could see there was an obvious look of disappointment in their eyes. The Congressman also noticed it and closed his briefcase signaling the end of the discussion.
“I am sorry I have to rush off, but I’m due back in Washington D.C. tonight,” he said with a forced smile as he got up from the table and started to leave. 
Angelia lingered behind for a moment and whispered, “Don’t worry, I will talk to him. I still think he is going to help us,” she whispered.
“Thanks, Matt replied. Angelia nodded and then waved good-by as she headed out after the congressman.
“What do think?” Melissa asked, knowing Matt was mulling things over in his head.
“I don’t know,” Matt replied hesitantly. “Things just didn’t work out the way I envisioned it. I wanted the Congressman to spend the night here so he would have had a chance to experience the dreamstone for himself. The notebook is a great piece of evidence, but the dreamstone provides the real proof behind the story.”
“At least Angelia is on our side. Hopefully she can win the congressman over,” Melissa added.
“I know, it’s just that things were going so well, I would hate for them to fall apart now,” Matt remarked with long face.

Chapter 24
Matt and Melissa spent the next few days trying to go about their daily lives, but in the back of their minds, they were eager to hear some news. Finally on Monday, Matt could not take the waiting game any longer and called Angelia’s work number. ‘Hello, you have reached Angelia Aether, please leave a message and I will get back to you as soon as possible. Thank you.’ Matt hung up and then decided to call Angelia’s sister’s house, hoping she might be there. An impersonal pre-recoded message, prompted Matt to leave a message. “Hi, this is Matt calling for Angelia; I just wanted to see how things were going, please have her contact me as soon as possible.” 
For the remainder of the day, an uneasy feeling kept him wondering why he could not reach Angelia. Despite his best efforts, his mind kept playing out improbable fatalistic scenarios which made him feel increasingly anxious.
When he got home after school, Melissa met him at the door with a welcoming hug.
“Hi,” she said with a warm smile that quickly faded as her eyes met his. “What’s wrong?” she quickly asked.
“I called Angelia, but I couldn’t reach her at work or at her sister’s house,” he replied.
“I wouldn’t worry too much,” Melissa said in a reassuring tone. “Why don’t you come sit next to me on the couch, and we’ll watch some TV, that always takes your mind off of things.”
Melissa flipped through the channels until she saw a picture of Angelia followed by the headline; “Missing Person”. She and Matt both gasped as they looked on in disbelief: “Our top story tonight is the disappearance of Angelia Aether. She was reported missing on Sunday by her sister in Huston, Texas. The police have not ruled out foul play and said that her travel logs indicated that she flew to Crescent City on business last Friday. Please call the police if you have any information leading to her whereabouts. Now we are turning to Peter Anton who is in Washington D.C. with more breaking news.”
“Thanks Laura, we just received word that Congressman Mike Anderson suffered a heart attack on his way home from the capital building today. The Congressman was rushed to George Washington University Hospital and his condition is listed as guarded,” the reported said.
“Oh my god,” Melissa cried. “That can’t be a coincidence, can it?”
“No...” Matt replied as his stomach knotted up into a ball, making him feel nauseous. Then he jerked suddenly, startled by his cell phone ringing.
“Hello?” he answered in a nervous voice.
“Matt, it’s me, the host of Dark Matters... have you seen the news today?” Alex asked in a worried tone.
“I just saw it,” Matt replied, sounding panicked. “Melissa and I met with both of them on Saturday, what the hell is going on?”
“Calm down, I have a friend of yours with me...I’ll put her on,” Alex said in reassuring tone.
“Hi Matt, don’t worry I’m all right,” Angelia announced.
“Oh thank god you’re ok! The news said you were missing, what happened to you?” Matt asked, sounding relieved and concerned.
“I’m sorry about that. There was an attempt on Congressman Anderson’s life and I went into protective custody. Apparently your friend Alex is very well connected,” she exclaimed.
“The news reported that he had a heart attack?” Matt questioned.
“That is just a cover story,” Angelia replied. “There was actually an attempt on his life, but they have a lead on the perpetrator. The whole situation is unraveling fast and nobody connected to the case is safe. The good news is that Congressman Anderson uncovered a wealth of information about Dark Shadow and its modern day version called ‘New Frontier’. I think the Congressman caught the Department of Defense off-guard, and now they are trying to cover up their tracks. I don’t think the Department of Defense realized how fast Congressman Anderson was going to act once he uncovered the truth about their project. Unfortunately, you and Melissa are still in danger. Arrangements have been made to get both of you into protective custody. The pick-up person will say a password, so don’t go with anyone else. It is voluntary, but I highly recommend you take advantage of this,” Angelia insisted.
“What’s the password?” Matt asked.
“Since we don’t know if your cell phone is not secure or not, I won’t say it, but rest assured you will know it when you hear it. Alex and I have to go, but good luck and be careful,” Angelia said before getting off the phone.
“What’s going on?” Melissa asked after she was trying to listen in.
“Angelia, is safe, but we may not be. One of Alex’s insiders has made arrangements for us to go into protective custody until this blows over... it’s voluntary though,” Matt remarked.
“I think that is a good idea, as long as we can stay together,” Melissa insisted.
“Absolutely, we won’t go unless they can promise that,” Matt promised.
“Did I hear correctly that there was an assassination attempt on the Congressman?” Melissa asked, seeming unnerved by the escalation of violence.
“Apparently so…I am so sorry that I have placed us in such peril,” Matt confessed.
“It’s not your fault,” Melissa replied. “They have kept a pretty low profile up to now. I guess the Congressman must have dug up some pretty damaging information, and that their backs are against the wall. They are taking it to the next level.”
“Yeah, this isn’t fun anymore,” Matt said being facetious. Then he went into their bedroom and started packing some clothes for their departure.
“When are they coming to pick us up?” Melissa asked.
“Pretty soon from the sound of it,” he replied.
“Do you think Greg is in any danger?” Melissa questioned.
“I doubt that he is of much consequence to them,” Matt replied.
“True,” Melissa agreed, thinking back about her friendship with Greg and realizing it had never been that meaningful.
After Matt finished packing their things, he waited in the front room, keeping an eye out for their ride. Melissa added a few more things to the suitcase and then came over and sat next to him.
“I wonder where they will take us?” Melissa said.
“I don’t know,” Matt replied.
“What do we tell our families?” Melissa asked.
“I’m not sure how all of this works, but our families would want us to be safe above all else, and that’s what we’re doing,” Matt remarked.
“Yeah, the more people we involve, the more people that might be at risk,” Melissa remarked.
“It looks like our ride is here,” Matt announced when a white non-descript van parked in front of their cottage near the light pole. Melissa peeked through the window and saw a man was waving for them to come out.
“Wait here a minute, I need to confirm the password,” Matt stated in a firm tone as Melissa opened the door. Then he picked up a large heavy flashlight and held it behind his back as he walked out.
“I’m here to pick up Matt and Melissa,” the man announced.
“What’s the password?” Matt questioned.
“Password?” the man replied, stalling for a moment, as he slowly reached under his seat with his right hand. Matt tightened his grip on the flashlight as he waited for the man’s reply.
“The password is… get in the van!” the man replied as he pulled out the stun gun, but before he could fire it, Matt dealt him a direct blow on his hand with the flashlight. A distinctive popping sound emanated from the assailant’s wrist and fingers, and the stun gun fell to the ground. The man instantly withdrew his broken hand, and sped off down the street.
“What the hell just happened?” Melissa asked as she ran up to see if Matt was okay.
“That wasn’t our ride,” Matt said in mundane voice, trying to downplay the seriousness of the event. Melissa noticed the flashlight clinched in Matt’s white knuckled hand, clearly illuminated by the street light.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
“I am,” he replied, but she knew Matt only answered questions in short sentences when he was very upset.
“Was that someone from the military?” she questioned, as she bent down to pick up the stun gun.
“Yep, and he didn’t know the password. I think he was going to force me into the van... but instead, he got a broken hand,” Matt remarked.
“Good! You were more than justified,” she insisted as she put the stun gun into her back pocket.
A moment later they noticed a black SUV slowly approaching. “I hope this is this our ride,” she said, looking at Matt. He quietly motioned for her to head back towards the cottage. As the SUV pulled up next to him, he anxiously waited for the driver to roll down the tinted window.
“What is the password?” Matt demanded, before the driver had a chance to even speak.
“New Frontier,” the driver replied. Matt sighed in relief; he remembered that that was the name Angelia called hyper-reality project. A name that the Department of Defense would never divulge.
“Okay,” he replied. Then he signaled to Melissa that it was the ride they wanted. 
“Where are we going?” Melissa asked once they got inside.
“To an airstrip a few hours away,” the man replied.
“And from there?” she questioned, while keeping her hand in her back pocket.
“I don’t know. I was told to pick you up here and drop you off there; nothing more, nothing less,” the man replied. Melissa kept her hand on the stun gun, but it did seem like he was telling the truth.
After several hours, the driver pulled off the main highway and went down a gravel road that came out onto an old landing strip. A small single engine airplane was waiting for them and the driver parked across from it.
Matt and Melissa grabbed their things and proceeded to board the plane. The pilot looked back at them, and motioned for them to put on their seat belts. Once he was satisfied they were securely buckled in, he dimmed the interior lights and throttled up the engine. The plane accelerated down the neglected runway jerking violently back and forth until it lifted into the air. Matt sighed in relief, feeling safer in the air than on the ground for the first time in his life. As they gained altitude, the ride smoothed out and Matt stared out the window into the darkness as they headed south east.
In the distance, a long line of snow-capped peaks was faintly illuminated by the moon. Matt looked on as the peaks drew ever closer and he began to wonder if they were going to cross over the Sierra Nevada. His fears were soon realized as pockets of turbulent air rising off the peaks caused the plane to rise and fall in sudden abrupt jolts like a roller coaster. Matt felt his stomach flutter and he quickly reached over and grabbed Melissa’s hand for comfort. Melissa turned and gave him a reassuring smile and it helped relieve some of his worries.
Once they passed over the last peak, the ride smoothed out and they started to descend almost immediately. As they dropped in altitude, Matt noticed a faint runway in the distance and the engine quieted down as they approached it. Matt closed his eyes as the pilot dipped down and after a couple of bumps they came to a stop. Matt opened his eyes and the pilot motioned for them to exit. Once the pilot saw that they were clear of the runway, he turned the plane around and took off into the cool night air leaving them all alone.
“I don’t like this,” Melissa said nervously, as she looked around at the stark surroundings.
“Don’t worry; I am sure Alex has someone coming to get us.” Matt replied.
Melissa nodded as she zipped up her jacket.
“I think our ride is here,” he noted as a pair of headlights approached in the distance.
Melissa looked on suspiciously as the car came to a stop near the edge of the runway. A moment later the passenger side door opened and Alex stepped out.
“Hi Matt, hi Melissa, how was the flight?” he asked.
“Bumpy,” Matt replied.
“Where are we going from here?” Melissa questioned.
“We’re going to meet up with Angelia and a Secret Service officer named Tony Mattell. When the President heard about the assassination attempt on Congressman Anderson, he placed the Secret Service in charge of our care and has ordered an investigation into the event,” Alex reported.
“How did you become so involved in all of this?” Matt asked in a suspicious tone. 
“Matt my friend, the radio show is so much more than just late night entertainment based on conspiracy theories, aliens, and unexplained phenomenon. It really serves several functions, first-off it’s a safe place for people to come forward and discuss topics outside the mainstream media. It also acts as a pressure relief valve, allowing little snippets of controversial information to flow out into the public domain. The program then serves as a bellwether, allowing the government to gauge the overall acceptance of those unexplainable events or phenomenon. It also provides the government with the opportunity to keep tags on the flow of extremely sensitive information, so they can plug any leaks that might compromise national security. It is a bit of a balancing act, and the government doesn’t always like the topics that I cover, but it is mutually beneficial. A perfect example is the secret project that you uncovered. Without my contacts, you would not be protected, and the executive branch would not have known about the Department of Defense’s secret project,” Alex explained.
“I guess that makes sense,” Matt replied hesitantly. “What I don’t understand is that your contacts are inside the very government that is after us.”
“The part of the government I represent is composed of forward thinking individuals who want the public to be more informed about the advances in science that will shape the world. Unfortunately, there are still a few segments of the government with a ‘cold war’ mentality. They feel that the public is best served by maintaining a cloud of secrecy, and all technological advancement with military applications are to remain under the military’s direct control. They are of the opinion that the public is not prepared for the truth, and the government’s role is to protect people from themselves. The argument is probably somewhere in the middle, but I believe that in order for humanity to mature and grow, we need to have a more open government. As you probably figured out, Congressman Anderson has exposed one of the factions within the government that is not willing to give in on this issue. They have spent decades developing the technology and they are not eager to hand it over. Anyhow, we need to get going, but if we have time we can talk more about this later.” Matt nodded in agreement as they headed east on some unmarked roadway.
After a while, the driver turned off the highway down a single lane road that passed by a rather imposing secure gate. The driver continued on another mile until they came to a small building that appeared to be nothing more than a maintenance shack.
“This is it,” Alex said as he looked over his shoulder at Matt and Melissa, who were both sitting quietly in the back seat.
“What is this place?” Matt asked as Alex led them over to the building and swiped his access card.
“This is what is known as a Remote Command Center, RRC for short. Basically its function is to provide a safe location for governmental officials to stay in the event of a Nuclear, Biological, or Chemical attack. From this location they can keep the government running at a sustenance level. It’s not NORAD, but it can oversee basic operations in this region. There are a number of these self-contained facilities across the United States to prevent concentrating the hierarchy of our government in one spot,” Alex revealed.
“I’ve never heard of such a thing,” Matt replied.
“They are not publicized, and your knowledge of them is now officially classified. That goes for you as well Melissa. All I can say is that you must have really impressed Congressman Anderson, because civilians are never allowed in the RCC’s,” Alex admitted. Matt looked over at Melissa and they exchanged wide-eyed glances.
After going inside the shack, an elevator took them deep underground. When they reached some unmarked level, Alex stepped out and led them down a long corridor that ended at a small cafeteria.
“Help yourselves to some snacks, and there are refreshments in the refrigerator. I will be right back, please wait here,” he said in a tone that conveyed it wasn’t optional.
After a few minutes, Alex reappeared with Angelia. 
“Hi!” she shouted when she saw them. “I’m so happy you all made it here safely.”
“Thanks to the man with all the connections,” Matt exclaimed as he gave Alex a thankful smile.
“Tony Mattell of the Secret Service will be here soon. He is expecting Angelia to present him with the information she obtained from Congressman Anderson about New Frontier. Matt, I would like you and Melissa to support her claims as needed. I don’t know how open minded Tony is, so it would probably be best not to refer to aliens or the dreamstone at this time. I suspect his main objective will be determining who is responsible for the assassination attempt on the Congressman and why he was targeted. Please consider your choice of words carefully before answering any of his questions. Keep in mind how far-fetched your story might sound to an outsider,” Alex warned. Just as Alex finished his sentence, everyone’s attention quickly shifted as a tall well-dressed man came in and sat down at the table across from them.
“My name is Tony Mattell and I am the Deputy Director of the Secret Service. I am happy to report that Congressman Anderson is making a full recovery and is also in protective custody. I can also share with you that a suspect has been taken into custody and the next step in the investigation is to sort out the motive behind the assassination attempt. Keep in mind that the more information you can provide me with, the sooner everyone can go home and return to their normal lives. Angelia, I have been told you and the Congressman have been working together to expose a rogue program, can you please provide me with the details of that operation.”
“Yes, we have uncovered an advanced test facility being run by the Department of Defense in Montauk, NY. At this facility they are perfecting a revolutionary new form of space travel that uses multi-dimensional physics to cross the vastness of space in real time. This technology is so advanced, that we need to carefully consider the potential risks and unforeseen consequences of using it. We believe that the Department of Defense is unaware of these dangers, and may misuse the technology without understanding the unparalleled risks involved,” Angelia declared.
“Why is the Department of Defense developing its own space travel technology, isn’t that NASA’s responsibility?” the Deputy Director asked.
“That is my concern as well. I think we have to look at it from their perspective... what could they do with the power to travel anywhere in the universe in a matter of days or weeks?” Angelia replied. The Deputy Director seemed to consider the statement for a few minutes before turning to look at Matt and Melissa.
“How are you two involved?” the Deputy Director asked.
“Melissa and I were researching some early radar experiments conducted on the U.S.S. Eldridge. We believe that those early experiments gave the Department of Defense its first look at the technology that Angelia just described. We also met with Congressman Anderson and gave him our research notes exposing the Department of Defense’s clandestine pursuit of the technology along with some of the risks the technology poses,” Matt replied.
“I will look into this,” the Deputy Director replied. 
“What’s going to happen next?” Angelia asked as the Deputy Director was preparing to leave.
“To be honest, the Department of Defense is going to deny any involvement with the assassination attempt. The suspect we have in custody will lead to a bunch of dead ends and if we do get lucky and tie him back to the Department of Defense, they will use him as a scapegoat and then hide him under the umbrella of National Security. Unless you have something more to disclose, I believe this case will close quickly. Please remain at this facility until we finish our investigation and conclude that you are not in any further danger,” the Deputy Director ordered.
After he had gone, the room remained despairingly silent for several minutes. Then Matt got up and angrily threw his drink in the trash.
“What the hell was that?” he exclaimed.
“I don’t know,” Alex replied. “My guess is we’re getting an official snow job, and there is a hidden agenda in motion. What do you think Angelia? You were working closely with the congressman.”
“I thought we made a lot of progress, but now I am wondering if they just brought us here to keep us out of the way while they clean up the mess,” she said looking extremely disappointed.
“I bet they bury this whole incident in a deep hole!” Matt exclaimed. “The last thing the government wants is to appear to have rogue factions working on secret projects that are not under its direct control. Even more embarrassing is that those factions are willing to kill to protect their clandestine operations. I seriously doubt if any of this sees the light of day.”
“Let’s not all jump to conclusions,” Alex suggested. “I admit we are getting smoke blown up our asses by the Secret Service, but they have an assassination attempt to contend with. I think this will shake the highest levels of government, and despite their desire to bury this, I think it’s too big to just cover up. There will be fall-out from this, mark my words.”
“I hope you’re correct,” Matt remarked.
“I hope so too, but worrying about it won’t change the outcome. For now, let me show you the luxurious sleeping accommodations your tax dollars have purchased, and you can get some rest. I for one, am beyond tired,” Alex remarked as he led Matt and Melissa down a stark hallway.
“Here’s your room,” he said with a grin. “There are lockers for your stuff on the wall, and if you continue further down the hall, there are restrooms with a shower on the left.”
Matt peeked in the room and turned on the light. It was small, sterile, and wanting for décor. There were two olive drab cots in the corner with matching gray wool blankets and pillows resting on them. Melissa walked over to the two cots and slid them closer together so it would seem like they were sleeping next to each other. Then she unfolded the blankets and laid them out neatly across each cot while Matt went off to use the bathroom. When he returned, she kissed him on the cheek, and then went down to the bathroom to brush her teeth and get ready for bed.
“Goodnight,” Matt said when she returned.
“Goodnight,” she replied after turning off the lights.
Melissa was awakened in the middle of the night by the sound of scratching. She looked around the room cautiously until she saw a small white mouse scurrying along the floor. The mouse sniffed around for a few moments and then left through a small vent hole in the wall after it was satisfied they didn’t have anything to eat in their stuff. When it was apparent that the mouse was not coming back, she closed her eyes and slowly drifted back to sleep.
The next morning Melissa woke to find the mouse had pulled some of the stuffing out of her jacket and used it to make a nest in the corner of the room. It was hard for her to be angry at the mouse when she peeked over and saw it was curled up into a ball, sound asleep on the bedding it had stolen.
“What is it?” Matt asked as Melissa nudged him.
“Take a look in the corner of the room,” she replied.
“You made a friend,” he remarked with a yawn, seeming unimpressed by the mouse.
“I know... I’m going to run down to the cafeteria and get myself and the mouse some food. Are you coming?” she asked.
“Okay,” he replied after looking at his watch, and seeing it was a little after 7 am.
When they reached the cafeteria, Matt noticed Alex was already inside filling a large plate with pastries.
“How did you sleep?” Alex asked when he saw them.
“Not too bad,” Matt replied
“How about you Melissa?” 
“I was so tired I don’t even remember falling asleep,” she replied.
“Well that’s good. I have been told there is going to be a debriefing later this morning, and we might be able to go back to our homes sooner than I expected,” Alex announced.
“Really?” Melissa said in an excited tone.
“Yep, apparently some Bureaucrat from the Pentagon will be coming here to go over the latest developments, but it sounds like the case is already wrapping up,” he replied.
“Are you kidding me? The government never moves this efficiently,” Matt remarked.
“It can when it wants something unpleasant to disappear,” Alex remarked.
“Have you heard anything about the fate of the hyper-reality project?” Matt asked.
“No,” Alex said with a hint of disappointment.
“I just hope they don’t sweep this whole thing under the carpet,” Matt exclaimed with a look of frustration.
“I know, just hang in there.” Alex replied.
“So…how many times have you been through this kind of thing?” Melissa asked.
Alex paused for a moment to consider his answer. “Well, let’s just say that you two are not the first individuals to be caught in the middle of a conspiracy involving different elements of the government and secret projects. Admittedly though, this particular issue is much more complex than anything else I’ve ever seen, so It’s hard to predict the outcome.”
“Have you talked with Angelia this morning?” Matt asked.
“No, I think she was called into a teleconference with an advisory panel, and I haven’t had a chance to speak with her since,” Alex replied.
“She mentioned to me before that congress would use an advisory panel to decide who would get control over the hyper-reality project,” Matt recalled.
“Then they really are closing this case fast,” Alex replied as he got up and left the cafeteria as if he needed to attend to something.
“I like Alex, and I appreciate his help, but it always seems like he only tells us part of the story,” Matt remarked.
“I think that’s because he represents both sides. He gets helps for people like us, but that help comes from the government, and he protects their interest as well,” Melissa suggested.
“I think you’re correct, but if this doesn’t turn out like he thinks, I wonder how much influence he would have after that?” Matt questioned.
“I don’t know,” Melissa replied as she finished her bagel.
“I just wanted to help Helios and find the dreamstone a new home,” Matt remarked as he followed Melissa back towards their room.
“That’s all I want too,” Melissa sighed.
Chapter 25
When they got back to their room, Melissa noticed the small white mouse was still resting in its bed and she set a small piece of biscuit down next to it. The mouse’s little whiskers wiggled back and forth as it sniffed the air. Then the mouse got up and grabbed the morsel, and proceeded to eat it.
“You made a friend,” Matt commented.
“There probably isn’t much for him to eat this far underground,” Melissa observed.
“You’re a nice person,” Matt said with a smile.
Melissa nodded and then looked over at the clock on the wall. “I wonder when we’ll hear something?”
“I don’t know, I just hope we haven’t come this far to have the whole thing black boxed,” he replied.
“At least we are safe, and that’s the most important thing of all. I know how important this is to you, but honestly, if the project gets closed down, would that really be so bad? I’m just not certain that humanity is ready to join the galactic community. If we can’t coexist peacefully with our own kind, how on earth are we going to get along with all the other more advanced species out there?” Melissa asserted.
“That’s true…I just can’t help but wonder what exploring other worlds would be like. The sheer magnitude of scientific discovery that awaits us boggles the mind,” Matt replied.
“I know, but if you have to decide between stopping the project and avoiding the potential misuse of the technology or risking it all, which would it be?” Melissa asked.
“You’re right... I just wish you weren’t in this case,” Matt sighed.
“It’s time for the meeting,” Alex interrupted as he poked his head through the doorway. Matt and Melissa immediately followed him to the conference room and sat down at the table next to him. A few moments later a stocky dark-haired woman entered the room holding a thick file folder in her hand.
“Thanks for all of your help,” she said in a cold insincere tone. “We have uncovered a few bad seeds, and they have been dealt with. Unfortunately in today’s world, assassination attempts and terrorist plots are all too common. As a result, the government likes to limit the public’s knowledge of such events to prevent the destabilization of our civilized society. The public likes to feel protected and safe, and our job is to maintain that perception. Governmental conspiracies and infighting are counterproductive to that goal, and as a result, this issue will remain classified, and there will be no media coverage. This case is officially closed, and arrangements have been made to return all of you back to your homes. I have a few forms for you to sign and then you are free to go.”
“What is going to happen to the hyper-reality project?” Matt blurted out in a moment of defiance.
“The project is under review,” the woman replied.
“What does that mean?” Matt asked, sounding irritated by her vague answer.
“It means that the people who have the power to decide what to do with it, haven’t made a decision yet,” she remarked.
Matt glared at her as she handed each of them a release waiver to sign. Then he read over the waiver and could see that it was worded so that they could not be released from the facility unless they agreed to a myriad of conditions barring them from ever speaking about the incident. Matt scribbled his name and then went back to their room.
“Are you okay?” Melissa asked as she joined him.
“I don’t know what I expected,” he said in an angry tone. “They did exactly what I imagined they would.”
“I know you’re disappointed, but one good thing has come out of this,” she hinted.
“What’s that?” he asked.
“It brought us together,” she replied with a warm smile.
Matt immediately reached over and hugged her tight for several minutes. Then as he let her go, he kissed her cheek and whispered, “I love you,” in her ear.
Melissa kissed him back and then sat on the edge of the cot for a moment while Matt started packing up their things. Then she reached into her pocket and dropped a few peanuts on the floor near the mouse’s bed.
“The little guy is going to miss you,” Matt remarked.
“I know,” she sighed.
“Well, I guess I have everything,” Matt commented after zipping the suitcase closed. Just then they heard some cheering coming from the hallway and they both rushed out to see what was going on. Angelia came running over to them and then threw a piece of paper down on the cot for them to read.
“What is that?” Matt asked.
“It’s a press briefing that will be released to the media tomorrow,” she exclaimed, unable to contain her excitement. 
Matt immediately picked up the piece of paper and started reading it aloud. “NASA unveils plans for a revolutionary new spacecraft. The exact details of the new craft and the science behind it are still yet to be disclosed, but NASA claims it is a quantum leap forward. The technological breakthrough will allow astronauts to explore further into the depths of space than ever imagined. NASA has indicated that it will partner with several other countries to form a multi-national space agency in order to facilitate the development of the technology. The designated contact person for the media will be NASA Special Projects Director, Angelia Aether.”
“I can’t believe you convinced them to give NASA the project!” Matt replied in amazement.
“It would have never happened without the two of you,” Angelia said with a smile.
“When Matt and I get back home, you’ll have to come visit when you have a chance... Matt has a nice Azalea he needs to give to you,” Melissa said with a smirk.
“I would be happy to give it a new home,” Angelia replied.

###
The Facts Behind the Fiction
The story about the dreamstone might be fiction, but here are some facts that I used in the architecture of my story that are absolutely true.

The mineral Quartz is Piezoelectric, a property that allows it to be used as an electronic oscillator in circuits to create a precise frequency from an electrical signal. Quartz crystals are still used in the following modern electronic devices: wristwatches, clocks, radios, computers, and cellphones. (1)

The secret radar evasion project called Dark Shadow in my novel is actually based on the real life radar evasion program called ‘Project Rainbow’. The program was established by the CIA in the 1950’s in an effort to make the U2 spy plane invisible to Soviet radar. The same program was purported to have been used years earlier on the U.S.S. Eldridge, rendering the ship invisible by teleportation into another dimension. That incident, real or not, is known as The Philadelphia Experiment. (2)

Groom Lake Test Facility was established in 1955 by the CIA, for ‘Project Aquatone’, which was the code name for the development of the U-2 spy plane. The facility is located within Area 51, which is part of the Nellis Air force Range and is adjacent to the Nevada Test site. Groom Lake and the surrounding area are classified as restricted air space and are off-limits to both civilian and normal military air traffic. (3)

In 1984, the Federal Government turned over the Montauk Air Force Station property to the New York State Parks System. The deed on record at the Suffolk County offices in Riverhead, N.Y. shows that the Federal Government retains all rights to the property below the surface, and only the surface rights were actually donated to the N. Y. State Parks System. (4)

Executive Order 12591: Facilitating Access to Science and Technology: signed on April 10, 1987 by President Ronald Reagan. (5)

References:
(1) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quartz
(1) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crystal_oscillator
(2) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_rainbow
(3) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Area_51
(4) http://www.crystalinks.com/montauk1.html
(4) http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/montauk/esp_montauk_5a.htm
(5) http://www.archives.gov/federal-register/codification/executive-order/12591.html
About the Author
I would like to express my gratitude to you for taking the time to read this book. I hope that you have enjoyed reading the story as much as I have enjoyed writing it. I appreciate the opportunity to share my work with you because writing is my passion. When I am not writing, I enjoy camping, hiking, and snowboarding with my wife and son. My love of the outdoors is frequently the inspiration landscape that my characters must navigate. If you enjoyed this book, please take a few minutes to write a favorable review so that others can find my works.

Thanks again, Ben Hughes

My Other Books
Children’s Fantasy:

The Dragon Adventure Series:
Book One: A Dragon Named Splinter
Book Two: The Blue Dragon
Book Three: The Dragon Wizard

Young Adult / Adult Science Fiction:

Dreamstone
Dominate Species (coming summer 2014)
