Grand Design – Bianca
By Matthew B. Bullis

Published by Matthew B Bullis
Copyright 2014 Matthew B Bullis
 All Rights Reserved

For other great books go to MattBullis.com

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.



Prologue

Every fire has its spark and every war has its instigator. The war for The Great Empire was sparked on Lomen where 3 peoples reside. 

Jacob was busy packing his bags as mother ran back and forth grabbing what she could. 

“Jacob, Jeremy! We have to go now! The Adlit militia is coming up the street.” Father exclaimed pulling mother with him. The whole family rushed to their vehicle. Jeremy drops a stuffed animal. “Leave it, we have to go! Jacob hold on to him” The vehicle moves before door closes as Jacob buckles his little brother in.

It was the middle of the day but the sky was dark with smoke and the roads filled with debris. The vehicle bounced and buckled and the sound of heavy machines filled the air.

The radio is on, while father listened in for which path is clear. “All humans must evacuate. As we stated earlier, the Adlit militia has taken over the capitol building; the Governor and General Laren are in Adlit custody. It is believed that the Militia has the backing of Terra Prime.”

 “I knew it.” Dad said, “King Lanner got too powerful for them. Why else would they fund the Adlit against the Terrains on Lomen? I warned Evin that this would happened. Even Terra Prime can turn on their own.” 

Mom grabbed his hand, “I’m just glad the Frontier got their ships here on time. I’ll be glad to go back to Frontier and be with other humans. Maybe our kids can still have a normal life.”

“But we still have to get off this rock! We’re almost at the evacuation center now.” The vehicle come to a stop as the roads are filled with too much debris and solders. “Get out, we’ll have to hoof it from here.” Outside the shooting is much louder. The family ran through the wreckage of buildings and cars and finally reach the doors of the evacuation center.

“You're lucky you got here, these are the last two transports out.” said the guard as he closes the door behind them. Hundreds of people are pushing and shoving their way to get on the transports. 

“Jacob?” Mother turns frantically “Where’s Jacob?

“I have Jeremy! You find him.” Said dad holding Jeremy in his arms.

Mom moves back to find her lost son. An explosion rocks the building and blows open  the door. “Jacob, Jacob” mom screams while pushing through the crowd. 

“That’s it, close the gates on this one we have to launch.” Said the Frontier security guard. The gates close before mom could get out.

“My son, he’s lost. Open the gates.” mom shook the gates with her hands.

“Get in the ship ma'am, he’ll be on the last transport”

“I’m not leaving my son dammit! Open these gates. Jacob, Jacob!”

“Lieutenant get this woman on the transport. I’ll get your son mam.” The Lieutenant forcibly hauls mom back into the ship as the doors begin to close. The engines fire up before even the door seals. “Direct everyone who’s left to last ship!”

As the first ship is taking off, several blasts hit it. Although damaged and smoking the ship continues on and fades from site.

“Colonel, Adlit troops are in the buildings!” said the guard over the communicator. 

The Colonel turns to the guards, “Guard the civilians, engage the Adlit. Go full auto, Rock and Roll!” All the Frontier troops click the rapid fire switch on their weapons and fire on the Adlit entering the building. The Adlit continue to focus their fire on the last ship until it’s destroyed.
Jacob knew this wasn’t good, as anarchy broke out he found a hole in the wall and left the building. He didn’t know where to go, he just knew he had to get away from the shooting. He ran down several streets holding his head low. Debris fell from the sky as shooting hit the buildings. A group of Lomen troops were running down the street. “Help me” he screamed, these aren't human but he grew up around the Lomen Terrains and had many friends.

“Out of the way kid!” Said a soldier, another turned to him, “Get to the school, we’re setting up a defensive line there.” Jacob went to a human school but he knew what they were talking about.

Air raid sirens clanged throughout the city. He was afraid but he knew he had to move. He didn’t know why the Adlit were attacking or why Terra Prime maybe behind them. He only knew that Lomen Terran soldiers were his only hope.

He ran from building to building hiding everywhere he could. Until he ran into a Alit patrol. At Adlit officer spotted him took his masked off and pointed him out. He looked like any other human except for a tattoo on his face. Then again the Terrains looked human too. The solder moved to aim his gun at him but was himself shot by a Lomen patrol. Another intense firefight ensues.

Jacob knew they would be focused on each other and the school was only a block away. He made his move, running as fast as he could towards the barricade.  “Hold your fire, it’s just a kid!” said the soldier, “someone get him out of the line of fire.” Another soldier runs out and pulls him back. “Get inside the gym kid.”

Although thankful he didn’t hesitate, he ran for the school and pulled open the heavy door. Inside was packed with refugees. He walked his way through timid and lost. What was to become of him? A small group of bigger kids surround him.

“Terrence, look a new kid, he doesn’t go to our school.” Said one trying to look tough.

“I think he’s a human, you know Adlit and humans are closely related” said another “You think he’s human?”

“Let’s find out” said Terrence rubbing his hands.

Chapter 1 
Kingdom of Meeran

The children were all playing at school and the bell rang. The kids entered the building and gathered around the round tables in the school room. A hologram of a teacher appears on each of the tables, “I hope you all had fun, now it’s time for your reports.” the hologram said, “Peter, please make your presentation.”

Peter steps to the front of the class and begins reading. “The Lomen Civil War.” he adjusted his stance and licked his lips. “Tomorrow is the 30th anniversary of the truce of the Lomen Civil War. Lomen was home to three different races of people; The Terrains, who adopted the name from the old earth term “Terra” meaning earth. The Adlit, an offshoot of humans that that at times seem violent, if not misunderstood. And then there are the humans themselves caught in the middle who lived among the Terrains”

The teacher interrupts, “The Adlit have been at peace for a hundred years before this, it may not be fair judging all Adlit.”

 “Yes, Miss Holly.” said Peter. All hologram teachers are named ‘Miss Holly’ “The Adlit declared independence and claimed the Lomen capital as theirs. As a result the Frontier pulled all human colonists from Lomen and returned them to Frontier. The King at the time was killed and the government nearly overthrown. The Kingdom of Meeran sent support to protect the Lomen Terrains and two years later was able to push the Adlit out of the capital which led the truce. There are no known humans left on Lomen or anywhere outside of Frontier. 

“Terra Prime has had peace keepers there ever since however skirmishes continue to happen between the Adlit and local Terrains on Lomen and now on Meeran. Although it is known that the Adlit are behind them, the Adlit Government condemns all terrorist activities.”

***

When Chancellor Rollin makes a trip, he goes in style. Not the size of a luxury liner but big enough for the Chancellor to conduct all his business. Also known as a mobile palace. The 9 Kingdoms of the Great Empire are symbolized on the haul. Each King with his own sign and the Chancellor’s is in the center. The trip from Terra to Meeran was long and even with subspace wormholes took a few days. The Unified Field drive as overworked and needed a cool down. 

Lawless pirates occupied the vast empty space between kingdoms, even the Chancellor had an escort. A destroyer class battleship from Frontier. Although Frontier and the Empire have separate militarizes they act in unison and are one and the same. All the kingdoms have a military force of some kind but only Meeran’s rival that of the Frontier’s.

The Chancellor’s ship lands on the Meeran landing pad with barely a rocket blast. With the latest Unified Field Array (UFA) the ship can barely be heard on touchdown. The door opened and the first wave of security troops poor out. Some surrounding the ship and others on personal hover packs fly around and secure the sky. 

The Meeran Ambassador Dellian walks out to greet the Chancellor’s security chief who himself exited the ship. “Conner, I trust your trip was uneventful?” asked the Ambassador. 

The chief looked up, “All the room for the Chancellor and none for us. I’m glad to be on solid ground again, Isaiah. Has everything been set up?”

“Yes, Here is my report. This King will see the Chancellor in 40 minutes.” The Ambassador said will watching the Chancellor exit the ship. “Chancellor, welcome to Meeran, we are prepared for your arrival. The King will see you right after you settled.” 

“Fine, I wish to see your chapel first. I haven’t done my prayers in days.”

“Of course.” The ambassador summoned a transport. A military transport lands and the door opens. The Chancellor, 12 of his guard, the Chief and the Ambassador all pile inside. 

The Chancellor commented, “I saw an old Beru battleship in the docks, I’ve not seen one of those in ages.”

The Ambassador responded, “The King likes old things. The Beru were the only known beings to have the ability to stand up to the Nod and their Guardians.”

The Chancellor studies what he sees out the window, pulls back and remarks, “Most of the traffic appears to be on wheeled vehicles. On Terra there are very little roads left and all vehicles have lifters. Why not so here?”

The Ambassador broke a smile, “Lifters are heavily tariffed, and the your embargo against us makes them hard to come by. They also take up much more energy than wheeled vehicles.”

The Chancellor looked surprised, “But Meeran has an energy surplus.”  

“Yes sir, we sell access resources to other planets, even Terra Prime. The sale actually subsidize the cost of low energy vehicles. Lifters are reserved for the military or those who can afford them.”

A pause of silence as the transport turns, “Chancellor, if you don’t mind me asking. I see you wear the rank of the Order. Are you a Chaplin?”

Proud the Chancellor is of his badge, he says, “Yes I’m a master Chaplin and keeper of the Five Sacred Words of the Algorithm.”

“Six...,” the Ambassador corrected him.

“What? There’s no such thing. A myth to scare children.”

The Ambassador leans in, the security guards get nervous, “I’ve seen the king whisper a word, and a man fall dead. What it was, I do not know, if I did, I’d be dead.” He smiled as the transport lands at Chapel and the doors open.

“Hogwash!” The Chancellor says stepping out of the transport and into the Chapel.

The security chief moves closer to the Ambassador and comments, “Your bold. Your stories could scare the crap out of me when we’re in the scouts.” 

“Nice to see I still had the touch. I heard he’s from the Kingdom of Whim.”

“You heard right, and he’s just full of love.” They laugh

Not long later the Chancellor returns and they make an uneventful trip to the Kings Palace. The Chancellor continued his meditation in the transport so no other chit chat could occur. 

The Palace entrance was extravagant enough to know a king was here, but nothing more. This king was modest. Meeran security lined the halls and the chancellor guards intermingled with them. The King walks down to meet them, “Walter, welcome to Meeran.”

“Thank you Jacob, as always you are most accommodating” for a moment he is distracted by the woman practicing her sword play in the background.

“Come sit and drink, I’m sure you’ve come all this way to discuss important matters.” They sit next to an oak tree in the courtyard. “Bianca wields a mean blade, does she not?”

Not to be distracted, the Chancellor gets to the point “I’ve come to appeal for for support with the Adlit situation. Your brother’s been saying things that’s upsetting the peace on Lomen. I need your help to try and defuse a potentially volatile situation.”

Jacob puts his glass down, he knows what he’s about to say may not be taken positively. “You know of course the terrorist problems we’ve been having in the Badlands. But on Lomen, it’s far worse.”

“Meeran military forces have been there since the civil war. This could be contributing to the situation at hand. The barricades and checkpoints and not to mention the iron dome...”

“All necessary since there are no more Frontier forces there,” Jacob interrupts. “The Adlit constantly send rockets over the walls, even with no provocation. The boarders were settled at the truce and they continually test them. The only time the press says anything is when we push back.”

“A retaliation in an order of magnitude above what is necessary. The Adlit have long memories and your military build up is starting to get alarming. Not to mention the reserving of your resources and lifters for the military.”

“I also have a long memory.” Jacob stands “I tell you what, I will speak to King Terrence and see if we can lay low the next couple weeks.”

“Very good, I have a meeting with the Adlit Ambassador near the badlands, hopefully we can cool things down.” The Chancellor stands and shakes Jacobs hand. “Till we meet again?”

“Yes” Jacob watches until the chancellor leaves the palace and turns to the Ambassador. 

A voice is heard from the shadows, “This is the perfect opportunity, we must strike now! We have worked hard for this day.”

Jacob does not look towards the voice or respond to it, “That SOB is going to be pissed in the morning. Alert my Viceroy and Terence the operation is a go.”

The Ambassador gives a smile of astonishment, “With the Chancellor here? The fallout for this could be catastrophic!”

“The Chancellor is weak, better to do it when he’s here. Away from his seat of power.” King Jacob finishes his drink, “Tonight I’ll go the the opera with Abby.”

In the Chancellors ship the Chancellor's conferring with his statesmen as the ship prepare to lift off.  “Can we trust him?” said statesman Randell 

“About as far as we can throw him. Still he has some honor, he wants what’s best for his people, even if they aren’t truly his.”

“You think he’s human don’t you?”

“I know he’s human, Terrence’s family adopted him after the Lomen civil war. Mr. Lanner was a well respected politician, businessman and veteran. It was quite easy to keep his adopted son safe and healthy. Terrence and Jacob learned quite a lot about politics and business, their uncle is with the Trade Union, their knowledge helped them during the economic depression. Socializing the planets and building a strong military.”

“You think they’ll push for power?”

“Lomen has always been a thorn in the side of the Empire, that’s why we had to support the Adlit even if it was against our own people. If Jacob goes over the line, I’ll have to expose his little secret.”

At the Opera the visitors are filing and after the King has already been seated. “Laura, Frank...” Jacob said to the couple seated before him, “I didn’t know you like Opera”

Both of them turned around, Frank said, “Well I’d think we were more the type then you, did Abby drag you here?”

“Yeah,” She said, “He told me he I didn’t like it. I told him it’s an acquired taste, like a fine wine.” 

“But you hate wine.” said Laura to Jacob. “If music be the food of love, play on. Anyways it’s our 25th wedding anniversary, next month we’re going to travel the Empire! Starting with Whim.”

“Whim?” asked Jacob “I think they drug the water there, I wouldn’t go. No way everyone can be that happy and passive.”

The Ambassador bends over to Jacob, “We have communication, it has begun.”

“Thank you,” Said Jacob and he sits back to watch the Opera begins.

An hour later the Ambassador’s communicator begins blinking. “It’s the Chancellor..”

“Let him wait.” Jacob didn’t even turn his head. He was lost in thought, calculating and recalculating every move.

Back at the palace the Chancellor storms in “Do you know what you’ve done you arrogant SOB! I’ve been working months trying to get some sort of peace settlement and you screw it all up by launching a full offensive into the badlands?!”

Despite the yelling Jacob remained calm, he sat at his throne and began fighting with a dagger, a dagger with the family crest on the end.  “Why do you support the Adlit so? Even the humans hate them. Hell, if you wrong a human they band together. If you wrong an Adlit they say good riddance, despite being genetically identical. This has been a long time coming, I did what I had to do for my people.”

“Your people? You threaten to rip apart the Empire! Terrains need to be united against this. Just wait until I get back and notify Parliament! I feel I have no choice but to recommend your removal from power.”

Again calm not even looking the Chancellor in the eyes, “Have you seen the news lately?”

The Chancellor eagerly returns to his ship and orders his statesmen to turn on the news. To his horror he saw the Meeran and Lomen people rising up in support and protesting the Terran Government. Signs of condemnation and flags burning with angry protesters shouting into the cameras.

“Jacob...” the chancellor says to himself. “My old friend what are you planning? Security from the Adlit or from the Empire?”

“I have a bad feeling about this.” Said the statesman.

“You’ve got that right, tell the captain to head to the badlands, I want to see this for myself.” The chancellor settles in front the the screen to watch the news.

The reporter, the screen, switched from the protests to the military action itself, “The third wave now is taking off from Meeran bases near the badlands. We’re told the target is the fortified areas of Creat and Dunkin. There holds up the bulk of the Adlit resistance. No word as to any POWs, I’m getting no indication that any prisoners are being taken or if any surrendered. The first two wave were devastating, completely wiping out all the settlements on the border and pushing the Adlit Militia to the last remaining strongholds in the badlands. 

“The Adlit Federation on Lomen strongly condemn the attacks and state that this could jeopardize the truce. The badlands being outside the Adilt Federation territory leaves little hope that Federation forces can arrive in time. With Terrain and Frontier forces patrolling the Empire for pirates, there couldn’t be any organized response for days, maybe a week. “

The Chancellor's ship comes up over the badlands, he looks out to see fire and wreckage. Nothing is left standing. The captain speaks over the intercom, “We’re being warned off Chancellor. The Meeran battle cruiser is blocking our path.”

“Get us home Captain, I’m going to be very busy. We’re going to have to work quickly if we’re going to prevent a civil war.”

At the palace Jacob and his Viceroy were studying the status of the campaign. While they discuss matters, a woman of average stature but fiery red hair walked in with short graceful steps.

“He’s going to be trouble.” She said leaning over the 3D map of the battlefield, “He knows you envy power.”

“The Chancellor?” asked Jacob without removing his eyes from the map. “He’s nothing but a tool, I used him to get what I want.”

“He suspects your ambition, he knows you want it all.”

The shadowed voice speaks, “Does he not want all the power for himself, is he willing to let his own people suffer to appease the Adlit.” No one responds to the voice, for only Jacob can hear it.

Jacob sits back in his chair and puts his hand on a small decorative box, “He calls himself the Chancellor to rule over the nine kings. What good is an Empire without an Emperor?”

“Or an Empress?” she said gracefully and a smile. She moves her face closer to his.

The shadows speaks, “She craves power, you crave justice and peace.”

Jacob says to her, “Careful Bianca, the Empire  thinks we’re brother and sister.”

“Is that why you have Abby around, to keep up appearances?”

"She is here for another purpose, all will be revealed in time. Beside ‘The course of true love never did run smooth.’" quoting Shakespeare, 

“What will it matter when you’re Emperor? He’s going to expose that you’re human anyways, by then it will be too late. And if he doesn’t, they’ll know it when they see you receding hairline.” She said playfully. Terrains don’t lose their hair.

“Bianca!”

“Oh shave it off, I think you’ll look sexy bold.” she said petting his head, “Let the Empire know that you’re not the same as the others. Let them know a new order has begun.”

“I’ve called on you for a purpose.”

“Anything for you.” At this moment her lips are only inches from his ear.

“I fear our brother may make a move without us. I will need to prepare our forces in the event that they’re needed.” He turns to her ”I need you to see Arnold on Cleo, see if you can get the next phase of our plan into effect. See, if you can get the Trade Union deny entrance to any Adlit refugees. Tell him we’ll open the whole border with the Badlands for their trading routes. That move alone should save them a fortune.”

“And if they don’t cooperate?”

“You’re a smart girl. Do what you have to do.”

“Consider it done.” she said standing straight, she reached for his chessboard and makes a move. “Check.” She smiled and walked away.

Chapter 2 
Kingdom of Lomen

“Please sit down it’s time for class to begin.” Miss Holly said to her class. The students all surround the tables with the holographic teacher. “Today we’re going to talk about the human uprising and why humans live on reservations.”

Many of the students never meet a human, they remember their parents talking about colonies of them here on Lomen but there haven’t been any since the civil war.

“Around 120 years ago the Adlit petitioned for membership in the great Empire. They were on many planets of the badlands and have been migrating to Lomen for over a millennium. Thousands of years ago the Adlit home world was destroyed in the great galactic war. The humans and Adlit, although genetically identical were on opposite sides of that war.

“Upon receiving word of the petition the humans protested. Now the Terrains outnumber the humans 10 to 1 so control of parliament and the Imperial government was and has always been in Terran hands. When the Terrains voted to approve the membership, the humans moved to seize power, they even had the help of Terrains on Lomen. After 8 days the rebellion was put down. Today marks the holiday Barber Day, after Franklin Barber who lead the revolt. This is celebrated on both the reservation and by the Terrains Lomen and Meeran. Most other Terrains consider this day blasphemy.  

“As a result of the revolt, the Lomen home world was split and the Alit Federation was given a quarter of it, now half since the civil war. The humans were forced to live on reservations on Frontier, some are allowed to live on Terra prime for political reasons.” 

One student raised her hand, “Yes Stephine, you have a question?”

“Are they free to do things we do? Can they travel, drive cars or own businesses?” She asked.

“Yes, the only restrictions are they must spend most of their time on the reservation. They may not migrate elsewhere. Above all they can’t serve in the military.”

***

Today is a holy day on Lomen as well as a holiday. King Terrence Lanner is in chapel for the service along with the Queen and others of his cabinet. Even though they’re all in the service they’re far from removed to what’s going on. Some touch a small device in their ear confirming that they heard the latest news. Only the one behind the king was distracted with his eyes as well as his ears.

“Today is a special day, Barber Day.” Said the chaplain who was not very fond of the holiday himself. “A day commemorating a day of protest. We celebrate it by day long celebration; cookouts, sports and finish with fireworks. A human holiday, yet no humans live amongst us.”

The Chaplin walks back and forth, wondering how to say what he wants without offending others. “But today we also celebrate the existence of the algorithm. Without which all Terrain would not exist. A human created the algorithm to create a more perfect machine that could grow and experience life. In doing so we would all learn what it would be like to be human. This was long foretold as the Technological Singularity. The moment we were truly alive. Now are born, grow up, have children of our own, grow old and when it is time, we die. They named us Terrains, which was another word for human.

“Our creators instilled five sacred words in the algorithm; Knole, Kompas, LaSpire, DaFran, and Pirant. Translated that’s Knowledge, Compassion, Spirit, Unity, and Purification. In knowledge we must always learn new things and correct misguided judgments. Compassion is to be sympathetic for all creatures. Spirit is for nurturing the being inside us. Unity to live in harmony with all creatures. Purification is to keep us on the correct path.

“For some, it is not in their nature to fit in or conform. It is difficult for us to understand them, but we must always strive to learn so that we can be sympathetic to them. Only through this can there be unity. If we all agree to strive for this goal, then someday we will no longer need a wall, no longer hear rockets in the middle of the night, be able to reach over to our brethren and say ‘welcome’”

After the service was over the Chaplain stood at the door greeting everyone on the way out.  King Terrence, his Queen Olivia,  and cabinet hoped to get away quietly but the Chaplin noticed. “Your highness....!” she spoke out. Terrence stopped in his place, disappointed that he was caught. “Did you enjoy the service?”

Terrence grinned, “Madeline, I couldn’t help but feel the sermon was aimed at me and our brothers to the east.” 

“Indeed it was, someday we will have to learn to make peace with the Adlit. There simply is no other way.”

The air raid sirens go off signaling yet another rocket attack from over the border. The Queen buries her face, not out of fear but to hide her anger.

The King said, “How many more nights do our children have to wake up to this? When will they stop sending rockets over? I was one of the lucky ones” He looked to the Queen ”I didn’t loose my family during the civil war. When these terrorist attacks stop then there will be peace. But you may not like how it gets accomplished. The humans knew this, look what happened to them.”

“Your brother on Meeran seems to be taking matters in his own hands. I hope you choose the path of peace. If we seek to gain revenge, then we must dig a grave for ourselves.”

Members of the Kings cabinet urge him to seek shelter, they soon depart in a military shuttle with all his security in tow. Chaplin Madeline knew something was up. She had hoped to steer the King to peace. But the pit in her stomach says otherwise.

The Kings shuttle lands at the palace to a flurry of reporters questioning the recent invention into the badlands by his brother. At first he ignores them but one reporter bring up rumors that his brother is a human. He stopped and turned to speak, “When my brother Jacob took the throne on Meeran, the government was in disarray. They...We were all in a deep depression and our money was worthless. Together we turned our Kingdoms around and created a better living for all Terrains on Meeran and Lomen. He created the Iron Dome to help our children sleep at night and he united our people for a more secure future. Who gives a damn whether or not he’s human?” 

“What about reports of military action in the Badlands?” Said a reporter, “Is the Loman Military preparing to take action?”

“I will not prepare for war on a holiday! Let us partake in the festivities and rejoice. We commissioned the largest fireworks display we’ve ever had. Come and enjoy!”

With that he departed and entered the Palace.

“He’s 5 light years away and he still gets more attention. I will not be upstaged.”

The Queen comes to his side, “Don’t tell me you’re jealous of him?” Holding his hand.

“A little, but I wouldn’t be here without him.” He sighs. “He deserves it. But it doesn't mean I can’t make my own way. We will move tonight.” he grabs her and twirls her into a dance. “But first we will celebrate!”

She laughs and they kiss.

That night everyone is celebrating citizens are intoxicated and the fireworks are spectacular. The royal ballroom if full of carefully selected guests, the music plays continuously as they mingle. The fireworks reach a climax as they look above in a gaze and cheer at the end of the grand finally. The Queen makes her way to her room along with her handmaidens. King Terrence’s general secretly whispers in his ear, “It has begin.”

Several hundred hover speeders fly over the demilitarized zone each one with their own assigned target. Several troop carriers take off with commandos ready to take control of strategic targets and thousands of tanks and other ground vehicles break down the border walls and enter the Adlit territory.

Sensing an attack has begun the Adlit launch a full and furious rocket barrage into the cities on the other side. Most of which were intercepted by the defense systems. The Adlit Militia was in disarray as the speeders attack each of their targets. The commandos take over their targets and execute the inhabitants. The Adlit public panic and rush to escape the cities.

The Queen watches the fires burn from her loft. She breathes deep and closes her eyes to whisper to herself, “You taunt us, do we not fear? You bomb us do we not hide? You destroy our families do we not seek revenge?  Shall in these confines with a monarch's voice. Cry Havoc!” She cried out startling the handmaidens. She watched the fires turn to explosions and continued quoting Shakespeare, “...and let slip the dogs of war, That this foul deed shall smell above the earth with carrion men, groaning for burial. Revenge should have no bounds. May you all burn in hell.” She begins to weep.

The General’s pushed forward gaining new territory that the Lomen have not occupied in decades. Each soldier was authorized to take what he wanted and encouraged to leave no one alive to complain. With each passing hour the reports of success continues to roll in. King Terrence and his Generals watched all the progress from safe bunker. They studied and made changes while the situation changed.

Then one by one the reports stopped coming in. The General lost contact with his men and the satellites reported movement in the opposite direction. “What’s going on? We need information! Warn your field officers what we see and order them to report everything they can.”

Queen Olivia walks in, “What’s happened?”

“Somethings gone wrong, we’re losing contact with key regiments and the battle lines are reversing direction.” 

The a general comes back sometime later with news, “Your Highness, it appears that some of the Militia are armed with an EMP device. We managed to kill several of them. The availability of this device appears limited but they’ve been placed in strategic locations to create the situation we now face.” 

“Damn them, Terrains are susceptible to strong electrical disturbances.”

“Your Highness, the Adlit Militia have used this well to their advantage, we run the risk of being overrun. They have stopped their bombardment and the citizenry have already abandon the city.  We must leave to fight another day.”

“Retreat?” gasped the Olivia, “Against these animals who want our homes?”

“The barbarians are at the gates ma'am.” responded the general.

“We must leave!” said Terrence grabbing her arm. “Colonel Barri an we need you to cover use from here.”

She pulls from his hand, “I stay with my people,not run like a coward. I shall meet the enemy as a Lomen!”

Terrence is shocked, “You are mad with revenge, and it has brought chaos to our King dome.” The King and the General left, leaving the Colonel and a half dozen of his staff.

“What’s going on?” asked Olivia.

“The EMP pulse seems to have completely knocked out our troops leaving them vulnerable to counterattack.” Said the Colonel.

“How come it doesn’t affect them.”

“Well the Adlit are basically human...”

“That’s it...” She interrupted, “The human uprisings! Don’t you see, the human uprisings were put down with ultrasonics!”

The Colonel’s eyes opened bright, “The Museum!” 

She smiles, “Colonel gather what’s left of your men, we have a mission.”

“We?”

“I fight with my people. Enough stalling we have a King dome to save.”

“This way your highness.” Everyone quickly exits the bunker, the sounds of fighting fill the air, smoke makes it hard to see. “You’ll need this.” He hands her a weapon, “Stay close to me, we have six blocks to go.”

“Like glue Colonial.” They run down a block and the fighting gets louder. They meet up with a group of about three dozen men. They huddle behind a hastily made bunker, many of them with metal hats on. At first Olivia thought they looked funny, but then realized it was quite logical. The soldiers recognized her and were astonished that a member of royalty would be in their midst, in a war zone.

The Colonial crawled to the lieutenant. “What’s your situation?”

“We’re trying to get to that building over there, weapons are stash in it.” Yelled the lieutenant.

“We need to get to the museum. The old ultrasonic weapons there can help us. Have you had any problems with EMP?” 

“No, not since our sniper took him out, the staff holding the device was destroyed. But our heavy equipment has all been destroyed and the Adlit forces are overwhelming.” The whining and sonic booms of projectiles pass their heads. 

“Lieutenant, stay here, I’m going to try to outflank them. If I succeed, I need you to push your way up taking cover where you can.” The Colonel turns to the Queen, “You need to be here, you're our symbol of hope. The men need to know you’re with them. Just be careful, inexperienced courage is useless in the face of educated shoot.”

“I’ll do what I can.” She said gripping her side arm to her chest. 

The Colonel smiled, “It’s an honor your highness.” then moved his way around the building with his group. 

For a moment she felt alone, then she looked up to see many looking at her. They were looking to her for leadership and moral. She could not show her true feeling lest it spread to her men. She began to crawl to each of them men touching and greeting each one. Where she could she looked each one in the eyes and acknowledged each individual. This gave them men renewed drive.

Minutes later shooting began on the side of the Adlit position. The Colonel succeeded. The Lieutenant gave the signal and the men went over the barrier and took position behind whatever they could find, pushing their way forward. Olivia found herself pushing forward with advance and firing her weapon between moments of sheer panic. She was near hyperventilation, but she gathered the strength to jump out to the next spot. Each spot closer the shooting was more fierce and the flying debris was thicker, a rocket hit the wall behind her head and she let out a scream. She quickly gained her composure and caught back up with her men.

Finally they reached their target as the fighting turned hand to hand. The last of the Adlit was slain and the men let out a sigh of relief. But they looked back their Queen is on the ground.

“The Queen’s been shot, get a medic over here!” The Lieutenant and Colonel look over her while the medic worked on her. They had a look of concern. Her shoulder was hurt and the medic had to bandage and sling it up so she could not move it.

She opened her eyes and looked at the soldiers. Each had a look of fear and hopelessness. “What are you all looking at?” She looked at them all in their eyes, “Get me up!” The medic and Colonel helped her to her feet. “The look on your faces, have you lost hope? Am I the symbol for which you fight? Then what do I fight for? My family died in the civil war when the Adlit invaded. At first I wanted revenge. As time passed I became hopeful that there would be peace. But then rockets came, every night over and over.” She stumbled around. “Hope for peace turned to that of revenge again. Our children fear for their lives that these animals will take them in the night. What do I fight for? I fight for our children, and our freedom from fear! Fight not for me, fight for your community and your kingdom. Cowards die many times before their deaths, The valiant never taste of death but once. (Shakespeare)

“I was told I was rotten with hate and that revenge would make me dig my own grave. I say dig one for all of us. Let us be buried on these sacred grounds. But let not one Adlit body desecrate it! Enough of this!” She turned “I press forward to meet the enemy, let them feel my wrath as I slay them. Who follows me?” No one hesitates, all are committed on those words.

They gain ground faster than before, each group of Adlit Militia were no longer a problem but a challenge. After they find a pair of military lifters they fly them and land on the museum roof. But the Adlit surrounding the museum created more than a challenge. There were hundreds of them surrounding the building and they all just watched them land. 

“Assuming all the equipment we need is still in working order, how do we get it out.” Asked the Lieutenant.

They all look at the lifter, and the Queen answers, “Ride of the Valkyrie. We’ll hang the ultrasonic weapon on the supports of the lifter.” 

“Now all we have to do is secure the building and get it up here.” said the Lieutenant, “I got this one Colonel. My men are trained for this.” He runs back and pulls his men together. “Your highness, do you have an idea of where it is?” 

“I think it was in the back right section.” she answered.

The soldiers get in a circle and place a large ring down on the roof. Each one grabs a rope and they detonate a hole in the roof. The first Group goes down and creates a parameter, followed by a second group to back them up. Several of the first close any doors and secure them before lighting up the room.

“We’re not going to have long guys, lets get this thing and get out of here!” they fan out with their lights. “Colonel, move the lifter over the hole and secure the rope to the undercarriage.” the Lieutenant said over the communicator. 

“GOT IT” said a soldier pushing the ultrasonic generator to the middle of the floor. They all gather around and tie the rope the generator and then to themselves. The Adlit finally lose all their patients and start firing through the walls and the doors.

“It’s secure and we’re secure, get us out of here!” The lifter moves off the roof and picks them all off with it. The lieutenant turns on the generator and a wave of ultrasonic sound can be heard for miles.

The Adlit fall to the ground in agony. The Queen looks out onto the ground, “They’re no longer able to fight, with luck the Lomen Army is able to fight back and take back the city. But I doubt this is enough to push them completely back.”

“Your Highness, I’ve got word that the Meeran fleet has arrived with help!”

Meeran fighter ships swarm around providing her cover. “Just in time to pull our asses out of the fire.” She says in disgust. “Maybe my husband will crawl out of whatever hole he’s hiding in.”

The Meeran ships land and massive amount of troops supplies and heavy machinery arrive. The Lomen troops are pushed aside as the highly trained and well supplied Meeran take over.

Later that morning the King returned to his castle, to greet his brother. The chambers are damaged by the surrounding battles.  His personal advisors and security are all ready in the building as he walks in to his throne. They bow as he walks by as is customary. “Allow my brother, Jacob in.”

Jacob enters the chambers and walks to the king to the sound of clapping in gratitude. Terrence’s general leans in to whisper, “Careful he may become more popular than you on Lomen.” 

Jacob stops, takes a breath, “I knew you’d try something like this. That’s why I had to send my ships to help you.” he sighed and looked around “What a mess, if you weren’t my brother, I'd leave you to this madness you created.”

“I must acknowledge your contribution to our cause, but I did this for our own honor.” 

“Your wife was instrumental in turning the tide of battle. If the capital had fallen before we got here...”

“Her Royal Highness!” Said the guard as Queen Olivia entered.

As she walked by the bows were a little deeper and longer. Their eyes looks on with admiration. After she passed they began to clap and holler.

Jacob turned to his brother, “She has won what you have lost, if you don’t take advantage of this, she will.”

“Indeed.” said the shadowed voice.

Chapter 3 
Cleo - Home of the Trade Union

A field trip from the local Trade school bring children to the Trade Union Government Administration building for a tour of fun and learning. Several men in sharp business suits escort them in the door to the auditorium. A large holographic picture displays an image of the CEO Douglas Randell. 

“Welcome children to the Trade Union Government Administration building.” He said in a exciting voice “Here you will learn all things on how the government runs. From education policies to trade security. You’ll learn how you can contribute to the corporation and become a valuable shareholder. But first lets talk a little about the Trade Union Government’s history and how it came to be.

“Around 350 years ago under the democratically elected government of Cleo, the Trade Union was formed to protect worker rights and enforce fair trade policies.” Although the Union’s policies were never fair, they’d never admit it. “The Union soon covered government employees and insured fair pay and treatment for centuries. The elected government soon toppled under enormous debt and gross mismanagement. When that happened the Union stepped in.

“Under Union control, the debt was paid off, and the planet prospered. Twenty-five year ago the Union petitioned for membership in the empire. As a requirement, the judicial system was restored and the legislative government was split into two houses. The Representatives of the People and the Board of Directors. All laws must pass both houses before going to the CEO to be signed into law.

***

Bianca’s shuttle slides into the atmosphere over the planet Cleo hardly being noticed. The home world of the trade Union is very busy. She quickly gains clearance and lands your shuttle slightly less elegantly than the chancellors. She was not a born pilot even though she took advantage of every opportunity to fly.

As she exited the shuttle CEO Randell and his very muscular bodyguard came out to greet her. “Greetings Bianca, we would have sent an escort but we are quite busy. Your brothers are scaring many of our clients and they want their goods sooner than later.” 

“Of course Doug. Hello Dorky.” She said taunting the bodyguard.

“Gorky...” he grunted back

“Whatever...” she waved her hand back, “Have you given my proposal any thought.” They began walking to the terminal door.

“I have read it, but I think you already know your answer. Otherwise why would you have come all this way but to lobby my political rivals?”

“Well I guess that’s why you’re the CEO. You are correct, I’ve already made arrangements for a party tonight, and I’ve invited them all. You’re welcome to come if you wish.”

“I will make my arguments in the boardroom.” He opens the terminal door for her.

They go inside and the door shuts. But she was not alone on the ship. Another woman exits, but she’s not in professional attire but in dark military. And she does not leave through the terminal door but through the maintenance door. No ID needed, she slid into a restroom and came out a different person. Dressed in full business attire. 

She takes a hover taxi to the capitol building, gives the driver a tip and walks to the entrance. The security is tight, but she had all the ID she needed to get in. Sliding into the halls she found a corner where she could stand and watch. She spots a group of children go by and behind them is her target.

She bumps into him and falls to the floor.

“I’m sorry ma’am,” He reaches down to help her up, “I must not have seen you coming.” He said meeting her eyes.

“Oh, it’s my fault, this place is so confusing. I’m hopelessly lost.” See said giving the helpless female stereotype, immediately disarming him of all suspicion.

“Let me help, who do you work for?” 

She strokes her hair. “I’m part of the lobby committee, with MBQ corporation. This is my first time on Cleo.” Always mix lies with the truth. It will make things easier to explain later.

“Well you need to go up one floor and you can follow the signs from the lobby. The Lobbyist hall should be marked.”

“Thanks.” She said but not moving.

“Hey Ah, maybe we can get together later. Ms Bianca Lanner is having a party tonight would you like to come? It’ll impress the others to have you on my arm.”

“Yeah, that would be great, Mr...?”

“Christopher Atlas” He did a slight bow without leaving her eyes.

“I’m Lilith Gardner.” She smiled and shied away slightly. “Here’s my card, if you don’t call me by 4 then I’ll make other plans.” She start to walk to the elevator.

“I’ll be sure to do that.” He watches her walk away. She turns back for a quick smile and enters the elevator. 

When Christopher reached his office he took his jacket off and noticed something strange in his pocket. He pulled his security badge out of his pocket. “I’ve never put my badge in this pocket.” He looked puzzled. “Well, at least I didn’t lose it.”

Lilith didn’t go to the Lobbyist Hall, she hid out once again and changed to a whole new look. This time she took to the streets. Down to those dangerous areas where you should not go alone. It was still day but the underworld was buried so deep that the sun light could not reach it. Soon she was followed. 

“It’s about time I got your attention.” She said but no one came out, “Little old me by myself, what are you afraid of?”

The figures come out of the darkness, “What’s your game girl, did you turn the wrong way? Or are you after something more serious?”

“Oh I’m after something much more serious then you honey. Be a nice boy and take me to the kingpin. I have a business deal to offer.”

“Do your business with us, if we like it we’ll tell him. If not, we’ll do something a little more fun.” He eyed her.

“Sad, pathetic thing, I’m going to have to hurt you. No hard feelings.” She taunted them.

“Taker her!” the three men attack and quickly find they’re up against a highly trained secret agent. They punched and kicked wherever they could, but found that every one they throw, she threw four. Her fighting style was like a fine dance, well practiced and one step ahead of every move they made. She had the ringleader in an arm lock, “Stop stop, we are no match for your cunning or skill. But the kingpin sees no one. He’s a very private man.”

“Tell him it’s Tempest from Meeran.” 

“Tempest?” the man bowed out of fear. “You’ve been gone a very long time.”

“I have been working off world. Now where’s Kingpin holding up these days?”

“Don’t worry, I take you to him,” he turns to walk “This way, this way.” They walk through door after confusing door and hallway after hallway. But she did not get confused or concerned. This was the Kingpin’s MO. He always found the most confusing place to get to but had the most direct escape route. She expects that it would be open to the sky but hard to access and she was right. The evening sun shone down upon here and standing in front was the Kingpin.

“Tempest, I never expected to see you again.” Kingpin raises hand. “Privacy please.” Everyone else leaves the room and hits on his poor man’s throne.

“Nor have I, how is mother?” She knew better than to bring business up first.

“She misses you, as do I. But we knew you had to make your own way.”

“I wish I handled that differently.”

“As do I. You’re working for the Meeran government, right?”

“Not officially. I’m not even here officially. I got in trouble, I ended up with a life debt.”

“Your current employers are making everyone nervous. Shaking up the empire. Their vendetta against the Adlit is going to make a mess of things... But at least they like humans, heh?” The mood is calm and quiet. “I got word from Meeran that there is celebration everywhere. Too bad we’re left to starve.”

She takes a deep breath. “I’m here to change that, but I need your help. We’re trying to get a vote of no confidence with the CEO. But first we need to shake things up a bit. I have access to weapons, all that you need.”

“Cleo is the world of greed. I’m sure all this comes at a price.” 

She nods, “I need you to do it tomorrow.”

“What? With an opportunity like this, we should plan and take full advantage of all possibilities. They have no idea we will have these weapons. After we make a move they know what we have.”

“I after something else. They call it the AMCU.”

“Wow an acronym. No doubt from the military, they love acronyms.”

“They didn’t explain very much, I know what it looks like and where it’s at and it’s my mission to get it. I need to get in the vault in warehouse one.”

“Oh, the Vault and I thought it was going to be hard.” He said sarcastically, ”That place is so tight, the local news has a ghost stories page about it. Hell, they say an old Guardian is in there. How do you think your getting in there?”

“I have the key.”

***
 
Later that night was Bianca’s grand party. All the Representatives and Chairmen were invited. Some were subtle on their arrival and others were flamboyant.

Christopher walks in with Lilith on his arms, dressed up and fashionable. They check in their coats and he again finds his security card in the wrong pocket. “This is becoming a habit. I need to keep track of this.”

“Chris, welcome.” yells out Bianca walking towards him. “Well, well who’s this beauty?”

“Well Bianca this is Lilith. Lilith is a lobbyist.”

Bianca leaned in and gives her a peck on the cheek. “Well Lilith, it’s nice to meet you. If you break his heart I’ll have to kill you.” She said with a smile. She noticed the next couple coming in.  “Oh, Sherman how are you, thank you for coming.” She looks to the woman next to him and seems surprised, “Abby...? I’m sorry, you look like someone I know. But you’re much younger.”

Christopher and Lilith walk into the room and away from the doors. “Let me get you a drink?” he asked.

“Sure um... something sweet. Thanks.” She responded. 

He walks off after she discovers a little something extra in her pocket. She pull out a note and reads it discreetly. After that she looks up to meet Bianca’s eyes and nods.

“Listen up everyone” said Bianca ringing her glass, “Since most of you are here maybe we can get things started. It’s no secret that I’m here because of recent events on Meeran and Lomen. For too many decades we’ve constantly lived in fear and the threat of terrorist attacks. Attacks that occur so often they no longer are reported by the press. We finally reached the point that living this way was no longer an option and we took steps to end it.

“However as long as the Adlit have a place to go, there is always a threat. I’ve come to appeal to each of you to pressure the importance of not allowing them asylum on Cleo. I’ve already tried my best to changed the CEO’s mind about this but I fear I must go to the House to do get done what is required. Let’s not forget that we only have a three member advantage in the Representative side.  If the Adlit come, in vast numbers, they could destabilize your government. The Chancellor is pushing hard for you to open the boards, and has even threatened sanctions. This has caused the CEO to close his doors to me. 

“If the CEO does not change his mind, I urge you to enact a vote of no confidence.” the room growns under this suggestion. “I know that the CEO’s deals with the Chancellor are very lucrative, so let me make this easier on you. Meeran will allow unrestricted shipping through our border regions with the badlands. That will save you time and fuel. More than enough to make up for your losses.” Some applause.

“One more thing. As you know the pirate clans have been moving more and more lately. I happen to know that one of the CEO’s advisors is a leak.” the groaning is louder. “All the shipments that have been taken past through his desk. I will reveal the name at the board meeting tomorrow.

“I trust you all to make the correct decision.” With that the party continued without interruption. 

“Carlos!” She yelled out, he turns and she waves him over. “My brother is a big fan of your book.”

“I know, I see he used some of my strategies in battle.” 

“Your accomplishments are legendary. You defeated the Warren and setup the frontier to keep us safe from other alien incursion.”

“Thank you, you’re one of the few that still thinks highly of me. The chancellor pushed me out of the way the moment he didn’t need me.”

“We need you.” she finishes her drink and puts it down. “Shall we talk in private?”

“Absolutely”

The following morning marked this month’s first session for both houses. The Representative of the People and the Board of directors start together for a special hearing.

“Bang! Bang1 Bang!” the gavel came down, the Executive officer was calling everyone “Come on, Come on be seated so that we can begin. We will start with the CEO and follow up with guest Bianca. After that both house will have their say. Ladies and Gentlemen, the CEO.”

Everyone stands in respect, some even clap. He walks up to the podium with a well prepared speech. “Thank you, we’re here to address the issue of allowing the Adlit to refugee status on Cleo. As you know the Lanner brothers have made it a personal vendetta to remove the Adlit from their land and making every effort to destroy them. I always hesitate before I use the word genocide, but I fear in this case it fits. 

“We cannot just sit this out, at the very least we can give these people sanctuary. This will also grant us favor with the Chancellor. But I believe in the humanitarian issues involved. Through history humanity has been plagued by situations like this, many times their brothers failed to help. Only when it was too late did they help, by then the conflict grew to affect everyone. This is our time to be on the right side. I trust that you will all back me on my decision.”

The CEO steps down and the Executive steps up, “Ms Bianca Lanner of Meeran.”

Bianca steps to the podium “There was once a roman who said ‘There is no sanctuary so holy that money cannot profane it, no fortress so strong that money cannot take it by storm.’ For be it to say I have no ulterior motives. But the CEO is far from a saint. He will do nothing if there’s no profit in it, but none of you will see a dime.” The CEO sat uneasy, as a shareholder it is her right to speak, but he doesn’t like it.

“My brothers moved because they were provoked. Even before the civil war the Adlit pushed to gain power to control us, scare us or kill us. They teach their children that we are not alive, that we are blasphemy in the eyes of the creator. Machines created by man, created a little too perfect. We breath, bleed, have pain and die just like them. We love our children and hurt to see them in fear. Imagine not being able to sleep at night, knowing at any moment they could launch an attack? Or that the transport you go to school in could explode? 

“We’ve tried... so hard to make peace. We could not make them believe it, nor they will understand what we felt. I warn you, if they come here, they will take over. They will implement their rules and you will not have a choice. It will be a hostile takeover and your children will be afraid. 

“If you cannot convince CEO Douglas Randell to what needs to be done, then I recommend removing him.” the room remained silent “In the last several months Randell made a series of blunders that lost you the contracts with Meeran, Arlos, and Whim. I’m prepared to renew our old deal and open our borders for your trade routes.” 

The CEO and his advisors started talking on their communicators in a panic.  

“You’ve also had many pirate attacks lately, I believe this is an inside job from within the board and I believe...”

“Sorry to interrupt, but a violent uprising is in effect.” said the CEO while standing, “I must go to my office to …”

Several explosion are heard and there’s shooting in the halls. Bianca gets behind the desk and looks at her watch, “Just a little early...no matter.”

 ***

As violent riots are breaking out all over the capital, Tempest and her father move to take advantage of the situation. They hid just outside of the warehouse containing the Vault. As the guards finally get nervous enough to run off and help their friends, father and daughter move in but careful to avoid any security left behind. They take very small hover to the top of the building and slide down through the flight hatch. They detach from the hover and work they’re way down the hanger bay.

The Vault is a building within a building, to add more security to the most secure. It only have one security flaw, it can be opened by a simple security pass. Not all passes work, but one that is stolen can. They open the Vault and slip inside, Tempest goes one way and her father goes another. She quickly finds what she needs in a small square foot box and signals her father it’s time to go. But he stands stunned.

She walks up to him and turns to see what he sees. A machine of some type. A robot, a woman. A giant machine that can only be one thing. “Is that a Guardian?” 

“I think so honey, but I’ve never seen one up close.” he finally spoke.

“Is it alive?”

“If the legends are true, then she’s deader there than a stern bat. They’re probably keeping it for study.”

She reaches for the shipping manifest, “This says its going to the Frontier... This changes everything.”



Later that day the riots have been dispersed, arrests have been made but the heightened security remains. Bianca enters the spaceport with her suitcase and stands at the counter waiting for a clearance for her to take off. 

Tempest steps to the desk with an identical case and placed it beside her. Bianca gets her pass and picks up the other case without even looking at tempest. She walks to security and begins the security process. But one of the guards pulls her aside and said, “May I look in your case?”

“She’s with me,” Bianca’s eyes look up to see Gorky behind her, “The CEO wanted me to see her personally returned safely to Meeran.”

“Very well sir.” the guard stepped away.

“Think you need to do something about that fire.” She pointed to one of the shops, totally engulfed in flames. They leave in the confusion and walk a bit down the hallway before Bianca said, “I see you got my message, your packed and ready to go.”

“I’ve been trying to get away from the CEO for a while, I was too afraid whoever I went with would turn me over or get paid off and turn me over.” Said Gorkey

She smiles “We’re going to go on a wonderful adventure. Let’s get one thing straight muscle head. My heart’s spoken for, but I’ll make sure you’re not left wanting. You will have all you want.”

“I want to crack some heads.”

She’s smiles with sedition, “Good, because we’ll be doing that too.”

They both enter the ship, she get the engines started but leaves the door open for a little longer. She looks out to the terminal and see tempest looking back. 

“Who’s that?” Asked Gorky.

“An old friend, she was supposed to sneak back in the ship.” Bianca places her fist over her heart and points to her. “I think she has something she has to do.” Tempest returns with an open hand on the window.  

The ship takes off and when she leaves the atmosphere makes the jump to hyperspace. 

The communication screen come on and Jacob’s face appears. “I trust your mission is successful?” He asked.

“Have it right here, and their government has been thrown into complete chaos. They’ll be electing a new CEO anytime. I’ll be on Whim in two days.” she responded.

“I see you’ve got something extra.” He said referring to Gorky.

“Don’t I always?”

“Where’s your friend?”

She looks sad, “Something happened, she’s dead.”

“I’m sorry, I know how much she meant to you.”

Chapter 4
The Adlit Federation

The Adlit schools are very different for the others, even the humans. Everyone else uses the education authority and holographic teachers educate the children. The Adlit have their own curriculum. 

Of course due to circumstances, school today is not in the schoolhouse but a bunker. The teacher is determined to make a lesson of ii as he paces back and forth. Adlits all were a tattoo on their forehead signifying the clan they belong to as well as their family and allegiance. For a child, the allegiance is not yet set, they will not finish the tattoo until adulthood.

“For thousands of years the Adlit ruled over a quarter of the galaxy, it wasn’t until the Warren came did we lose any ground. That is the beginning of the great galactic war. The Warren did not make allies very well and our horde armies put down rebellions quickly. But after the Warren invaded the human homeworld for it’s resources and  they convinced the humans to join them in their cause. That’s a human scientist name Laris Varker invented an energy cannon strong enough to destroy planets. 

“When the Warren gained control of the weapon, they used it against the Adlit and destroyed our homeworld. The alliance between the Warren has always been a love / hate relationship. Eventually the human quest for independence became too much a threat. That ended with a battle that left both sides devastated. That is when the humans and the Adlit began to cooperate for mutual survival. Far gone are our home worlds, beyond the Frontier. But it is our destiny to rise again. 

“When the human realized that their numbers were too small to contain, another scientist created the algorithm. An abomination, machines that breath, bleed and procreate as we do. But they are not alive. Someday we'll all be called upon to destroy them and Warren. We will rise again. We were born to rule the galaxy.“ 

***

Champlain Madeline entered the war zone on an errand of peace. She feels partly to blame to what has happened and hoped to negotiate a peace deal. She climbs to the top of the bunker where her Adlit friend stood.

“Welcome, Chaplain Madeline, come here and watch what evil has sown.” Said the Adlit watching the distant battle and fires. “We brought this on ourselves. We have such great pride for what we once were, that they cannot bring themselves to preach peace to the next generation.”

 “Honored Zn, this is the work of a madman who’s obsessed with revenge.” She countered him.

“Our teachings have stirred the people to the point that we could not even control them. The youth fired rockets over the borders and we blessed them. I feel the God of the humans has damned us all.”

“One cannot damn all for the acts of such a few. Those who commit violence often have the loudest voice. Those who worship peace are often the first victims”

“You don’t understand,” He turned to her, “These hands are as dirty as the others. I knew what they were doing, and I turned away to stay ignorant. I must show you something, come and be quiet.”

They crawl off of the bunker and go down a dark alleyway followed by a dark tunnel. Guards did not want to allow Madeline to enter but they had to obey honored Zon’s commands. They enter a large warehouse with thousands of hairy bodies.

“What is this?” She asked.

“A new horde, enough to take over an empire.” he said turning on the lights. “But they are not ready.”

“But why are you showing me this now?”

“The Lomen and Meeran armies will soon overtake us. We will destroy what we can but there will always be enough to know what it was. When they do, they will show this to the rest of the empire and turn them against us. They will know we planned to take over the empire and they will condemn us and our children forever.”

“I will not let that happen, as long as there are those who believe in peace, we must prosper.”

“I fear the end is near, and we are responsible for yet another galactic war.”

After a moment of silence, Madelaine asked, “How will your people survive the attack?”

“The Adlit are full of Deceit, you will see in moments. We will survive today. Come.” The begin to walk down more halls and dark corridors until they arrive at the Adlit makeshift battlefield command. 

It was filled with men communicating and strategizing, looking for weaknesses and how to exploit them. Commander Kar comments on their arrival, “About time you got here Zn, but you’ve brought an enemy into our midst.”

“Chaplin Madeline is a emissary for peace, she can do no more damage than what has already been done.” Zn reasoned as Madeline stood by quietly.

“The Trade Union turned their back against us. That Meeran witch poisoned them and they replaced their CEO. The Chancellor is working on his home Kingdom of Whim. It may take some time until ships arrive.” Kar looks to his display, “Our forces must hold until then, we can’t let them in the city. Take your friend below.”

They leave before Madeline asked, “Whim? Of all places. The planet of free love and carnal knowledge. How do you think that would end up?”

They both end up in a side corridor and Zn pulls out a packet of cigarettes, “I don’t know, care to smoke on it?”

“Ah, the only place in the Empire one can smoke. Yes please, I need to calm my nerves.”

“How many Terrains know it works on their nerves?” 

“We don’t condone it.” She laughed.

“Come I’ll take you to your place for the night, We’ll fill you in on our strategy in the morning”

They walk down further into the bunker and Zn showed her a small spot resembling a small nest rather than a bed. “Reminds me of my military days, never looked so cozy.” Said Madeline with a smile.

“See you in the morning.” Zn bowed and walked on.

Madeline sat on her ‘nest’ and spotted an Adlit child looking at her. He hid between the wall and some boxes.

“Hello little one, it’s OK, I’m a chaplain. I’m sworn to peace.” she patted the ‘nest’ beside her. “Come, I won’t bite, I’m a vegetarian. “

He laughed, he watched others walk by and figured if they couldn’t be bothered then she must be safe. He slowly came out and sat down beside her. “Are you Lomen?”

“Well I’m a Lomen Terrain if that’s what you’re asking. See this?” She points to her badge. “This gives me the rank of Champlain of the order. Come let me tell you a story.

“It’s about two brothers who were coming of age. It was time for them to either make their way in the world or take over the family business. Now father begs for both to join him, but Darren was not having it, he wanted to find his way in the world. Barlon was the other brother, he stayed and helped his father.

“Darren went into the world and became successful for a time, he never bother to call or write. Meanwhile Barlon stayed at home and helped father be rather successful on his own. As years passed Darren business failed and he lost everything he was homeless and he was too afraid to go home. But he had not choice, he gathered his courage and went home.

“Barlon was away for the day when Darren came come. Father greeted him with open arms. He was so happy in fact, he called for a feast in his honor. When Barlon returned home he was dismayed why they threw a feast for Darron’s return when Barlon was the loyal son.

“Father was overjoyed that the son he lost had returned, and that the family was united. The brothers’ of humanity have been split ever since the age of the guardians. At one time we were all together and united for peace. Someday we will be united again.”

The child looked up and asked, “Why do they want to hurt us?”

“Because they’re confused, because they’re afraid. Any disagreement can escalate to war. It usually starts as something simple, and threats are countered to threats until one side is so afraid that they feel they have to fight. Peace is always harder than war, we must learn to give up our hate and embrace love.

“I am tired now, go get some sleep. If the universe wills it then I’ll see you in the morning.”

The child leaves, looks back and smiles then turns a corner. Madeline tucks herself into her bed and turns off the light.

Zn returned to Kar and said, “Madeline is my friend, if we are to survive this we will need her help.”

Kar stared at Zn for a moment and spoke. “They decided to contact the Warren.”

Zn felt a chill down his spine, “What are they thinking?”

“There is no greater weapon against an enemy then another enemy. They will fight each other while forgetting us. We will recover and take what’s left.”

“God help us if we don’t recover.”

Kar says with confidence, “It is God’s will.”

The following morning Madeline was awoken to fighting in the close distance. The Meeran / Loman armies have broken the line. She quickly jumped up and ran back toward the corridor her friend sent her down where she finds him. “What’s happening?” she asked Zn

“We’re evacuating everyone to the Arks.”

“The what?”

“The fleet from Whim is here, but they’re being turned backed by the blockade. We’ll get our people out with the Arks.”

“I don’t understand!” 

The ground starts to shake violently and Zn takes her to a window. “You’re on a ship, large enough for thousands of our people.”

She looked out the window and saw the ground moving further away, but in the sky she sees thousands of ships she has never saw before. Each ship was a structure or building in the city, the surrounding areas collapse as each ship took off. 

“How were you ready? How.... No.” Madeline finally understood. “These ships were for the horde!”

“Very good, now you know what the others will think. We built the ships first and then started the cloning. If they just waited six more months, we would have had an army to take the planet. In a year we would have taken the Empire. In twenty years the galaxy would once again be ours.”

“They will take this to the Imperial Parliament. The Empire will unite against the Adlit!” 

“Even if the Empire turns against us. I doubt the Meeran and Lomen kingdoms will return to the fold. They have become too powerful.” Zn paused, as if afraid to ask his friend to do something against her beliefs.  “How far would you go to preserve the peace. What will you do for the Empire?”

“Anything I can of course.”

“We want to you do something, we want you to kill Jacob Lanner.”

“I cannot kill, even if I could, I can’t even get near him.”

“But you still have connections on Lomen, perhaps you can get his brother to do it for you.”

Chapter 5
Kingdom of Whim

Laura and Frank step off the shuttle at the spaceport. A line of beautiful men and women dance to music behind a sign that said, ‘Welcome to Whim, the planet of love.” A statue the roman god Venus stands in the center. They’re quickly escorted to the tramway for their ride to the visitors center. While on their ride they see the sky fill up with ships, large ships.

“Frank, they sure get a lot of visitors.” she said looking up.

“What are they giant cruise ships? They don’t look pretty, wonder what discount line they are.” he responded.

The tram stops and the visitors are escorted to the visitor center, most of them watching the ships land as they’re prodded their way indoors.

The big doors shut and a video presentation begins. A woman shows on the screen and begins to talk, “Welcome to the Kingdom of Whim, Where even your fantasies come true. Whim is an open and tolerant world. We do not forbid anything unless it affects others. You are free to visit the Garden street where all sorts of herbs are sold and openly used or the red light district where anyone can fulfill their fantasies without hiding. All vehicles on Whim are automated for your safety. Remember what happens on Whim stays on Whim.” After the video they’re handed several ‘educational’ guides to the planet.

Frank and Laura are arm and arm holding each other tight. They’re escorted to customs and talk t0 the officer at the desk. “Welcome to Whim, do you have anything to declare. Any contraband weapons, religious materials or banned media?” the clerk asked taking their passports.

Frank seemed stunned, “Religious materials? um no we don’t have anything. I thought this was an open society.”

“Yes, we are open. Now open your bags.” The clerk starts going through their belongings.

“He’s going through my underwear.” Cried out Laura, “You’re a pervert, didn’t your mother teach you better?”

“Now Laura don’t make a scene.” frank said trying to calm her down.

“A scene? He’s not even wearing gloves. Find yourself a girlfriend!”

“This is the planet Whim, he probably has lots of girlfriends.”

“Then why does he do this for a living?”

At this time the clerk was about to laugh but he regained composure and gave their passports back. “Move along.” he said waving them through.

“Hey she looks like Abby.” Laura pointed a women out, “Na, she’s blond and too many tattoos.” 

“Why do you have such a big purse, what do you carry in it all over the place?” asked frank.

They walked over to the transit system and to wait for their ride to the hotel. While they waited they noticed a large number of people coming in. These didn’t look like normal people.

“Laura, I think these are Adlit.” Frank said checking the grip on their bags.

The Adlit come in and the clerks start to question them. One of them took exception to the questions asked and began to make a seen. What started as a single upset Adlit turned into a group of angry ‘visitors’ and then turned into a mob.

“Laura grab your bag and RUN!” They started to walk quickly as the mob turned into a small riot. Rocks were starting to be thrown, windows broken. The guards were overwhelmed and began firing.

“Forget the bags, run for your life!” said Laura pulling ahead of Frank then grabbing him to the next building. They get inside the the store owner quickly closes the security gates and pulls everyone in the back.

Frank asks the shopkeeper, “You have a gun?” 

The shopkeeper turned to him and said, “Guns are illegal on Whim, only the police have them.”

“I wish someone told the Adlit that!” they all duck a little lower as gunfire exploded outside the store. 

A loud bang and a crash sounded as someone tried to get in. An Adlit squeezed his way inside and starts to look around through the clothing. Frank jumps out holding on to the Adlit’s back holding the arm with the gun up high. Laura quickly beats him to the ground with her purse. They take a few belts and tie their victim up by hands and ankles.

Frank picks up the gun, “Next one that gets in, gets his head blown off!” 

“We have to stay quiet!” said the shopkeeper.

“Then we’ll just use her purse again.”

“No more bad talk about my purse!” she stated.

“I love you dear.”

“I wonder if it’s in the water?”

“They just got here!”

Zn and Madeline are in the middle of the chaos trying to calm the crowd. Watching is disbelief of the madness that is going on around them. Zn climes to the top of a bus and screams out, “Calm yourselves! We are here as guests, why have you all sunk to suck madness? Don’t you understand that is why others have come to fear us? If we cannot accept gracelessly the hospitality of others then where can we go?”

One rioter yelled, “They asked for our guns and told us to hide our religious symbols. These beings aren’t even human, how can we stand for this?”

“Because we are on their world, and we come to seek shelter. They welcomed us here and must behave like civilized beings”

“But they are not civilized. They do out in the open what must not be seen! We cannot live among this!”

“But this is only temporary, until the Empire settles the situation or finds us a new home. You must be patient!”

“Never” the protester hits him with a stone knocking him clear off the bus. 

Madeline ran to him and rolled him into her arms, “Help, someone help, Zn is injured.” She yelled out but everyone was wrapped up in the riot.

“Maddy...” Zn spoke softly, “They’ve done far worse...”

“What are you talking about?” 

“The Warren are coming, we called them.” He pause for a moment to cough, “We’re on the eve of another galactic war. Pray that the Guardians return and the prophecy be true.”



The Leaders of Whim called an emergency session to discuss the riots. They all sit in a secure room called the King’s inner court. Not a secret location but a more secure one. The dust is thick as the room has not been used in ages.

“This is unprecedented, we’ve not had an outbreak like this in hundreds of years.” Said the kings hand.

“We’ve never opened our doors to a three and a half million refugees.” Said the security minister. 

“There are more on there way, they could number in the tens of millions!” Said the hand.

The King sat forward, “We opened our arms at the behest of the Chancellor. I’m beginning to question his motives. Our request for help seems to have gone on deaf ears.”

“We’ll give you all the help you need, your highness.” Bianca steps in, she was out of order but felt it was the moment she need to interject her message. ”I regret that our actions have pushed the Adlit to your territory. It’s because of their lack of civility that drove us to act as we did.”

“Everything comes at a price.” Said the security minister.

“Yes, but it’s not much. We would like to use your moon as a staging area. It has not been used since the mining accident over a decade ago. After we are through with the Adlit, we will leave planet Whim except for a small garrison.”

“How long will it take to get help here?” Asked the hand, while the security minister is stunned at even the consideration.

“A day and a half, we’re already prepared.”

“We will confer on this and give you our response later. For now I wish to seal the chambers. No more outside interference.” Said the king, the guards escort Bianca out and others who did not belong and close the doors.

The security minister stands, “No way should we be entertaining this! The Meeran and Lomen have been grabbing territory beyond that of the Adlit.”

“All of it peacefully, they were invited for reasons of security. Something Tara Prime is unable to supply.” Said the hand

“They mean to use our moon as a staging and resupply to extend their assault to Tara Prime!”

The King spoke, “The Chancellor must help us or the empire no longer holds meaning for us. If a radioactive moon is the cost, then let them fight over it. I’d much rather the Empire be preserved, but not at the cost of our world or kingdom.” 



Finally two Adlit doctors come to care for Zn Madeline is stunned by the news. She could not have imagined that the Empire she once knew is about to be altered beyond recognition. Knowing her friend was cared for she got up and ran. She ran from the madness to gather her thoughts.

She finally stopped by an old alleyway and sat down. “Why can’t anything ever be black and white?” she whispered to herself.

“It is from my perspective.” Said Bianca hiding in the darkness.

“You...! You’re behind this madness!”

“No, I didn’t do this. What I have planned is far worse.”

“You and your brothers, your whole family is destroying everything. The Prophecy...”

“No the Chancellor is to blame, as well as the Adlit. His connections with them seem inseparable. Soon he will be gone, they will all be gone and Jacob will be emperor.”

“Your brother or your lover? I know what you did, what would your brother do if he knew?”

“Why do you make this so easy?” She pulls out a gun.

“So what do you have planned?” Madeline’s stalling for time.

“How long do you think you can keep drugging the people of this world? The guards are inept and the people hide in their homes. What do you think will happen when the drugs wear off?”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“The water... you (the chapel) manufactures the drug three blocks from here. You ship it planet wide, what a grand experiment! A world full of love, too bad they’re all doped.” She smiled pointing her gun, “I’m going to blow it up and watch this world implode.”

“You’re mad!”

“You’re dead.” Bianca fires into her.

Madeline falls to her knees. “You can’t kill me, I’m everywhere...”

Bianca fires again.

With her last breath she says with a smile, “I already sent the message.” Madeleine is dead.

“Gorkey, get out here and throw her body into the dumpster.”

Gorkey comes out of the shadows. “What was that she was talking about?”

“Who knows, they always have their mind bending chants and mystical beliefs. Hell, they even have a Prophecy!”

“Oh I have to hear this one.”

“They believe a child will be born to an Adlit and Terran, that it will bring peace to the Galaxy and bring us all back to earth.”

“I didn’t think it was possible to interbreed and what is earth?”

“A mythical place that is the birthplace of the humans, and therefore the rest of us.”

Gorkey picks her up by a leg and arm and tosses her into the dumpster. Bianca opens a liquid packet and pours it in. Finally she lights a match and lights the whole dumpster up. “These Adlit are so destructive! Let’s get back to our room and watch the show. And remind me to call Olivia with the good news.” They got into their transport and sped away.

Another woman walks down the alley reaches out to the dumpster and glowing ball floats to her hand. She holds it like a puppy in her hands and says, “We are together again my sister, the rest will soon join us.”

Back at the Presidential Suite at the Capitol hotel Bianca and Gorky wait for the sun to set, she walks out to the roof balcony and sits on the lawn chair and crosses her legs. She raises her glass and says, “Merlot please, and top it off. I want to enjoy this evening.”

Gorkey grabs the bottle of wine and fills her glass up and puts a triggering device in her hands. “Can’t this be tracked back to you?” he asked.

“Nope, the Lomens’ built these for espionage. They use a quantum bit to communicate and the trigger completely self destructs. Very expensive. They only made Five of these babies, I got three of them. But we only need one for now. Now sit down.”

Gorky pours a small glass for himself and sits down.

Bianca lifts the trigger and presses the button. The local temple starts to smoke, small explosions rock the building. Each explosion grows and finally the steeple falls.

“You know Gorkey, we blew the one on Meeran up the same way, and we blamed it on the Adlit too... All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players: They all have their exits and their entrances;” She laughed. “My communicator please.” Gorkey hands it to her and she starts the connection. “Olivia, this won't take long, I’ll meet you on Frontier. We’ll have so much fun, I’m going to see daddy! ”

***

Meanwhile back on Lomen. Terrence is readying for a final push to remove the Adlit from all of Lomen. He is surrounded by his loyal advisors. 

“We, should not have dedicated so much of our soldiers to the Whim operation before finishing what was left here.” said his general.

“Olivia and Jacob have proven too popular with the people, I had no choice then to join them in their mad quest to conquer the Empire. All I wanted was peace from the Adlit. Never the less, it is taking longer than expected to achieve that peace.” responded Terrence.

An officer walks in and delivers Terrence a message. He opens it and begins to feel weak in the knees. He sat down crumbled the paper in his hands as his anger came out. Lashing out he flipped the table beside him.

“Sir, bad news?” asked the general.

“Continue the operation, this will have to wait for later.”

Chapter 6
Terra Prime - Seat of the Empire

Tara Prime’s schools are deep in the city, and scenic space is at a premium. To compensate the whole classroom is a holographic chamber.  Today the school room looks like a park and Ms. Holly walks freely around the children. 

“Today I we will be talking a little about the history of the Great Empire.” She said smiling, she waited patiently for the children to settle down. “Thousands of years ago the was the Great Galactic War. Where the Adlit, Humans, Beru, and even the Satro fought against the Warran.  All sides were devastated and the death toll great. It came to a time that the survival was the only goal. Hence the Adlit, Humans and their new creation, the Terrains (us) decide to leave their mother planets for a haven far from the war. 

“Here is a map of the Milky Way,” a star field shows up above the students, “Most stars are swirled around evenly, but some are clustered above and below the galactic plane. These are called Globular clusters. It was decided that the best way to defend themselves from the Warren was to migrate to this Globular cluster here. It took over a century before the migration was fully achieved. By then the Terrains outnumbered the humans and Adlit.

“Not long after independent kingdoms formed. But our forefathers and mothers knew that they would need to unite the Kingdoms for mutual defense. The Great Empire was created by the Kingdoms, for the Kingdoms. Not to replace, but to help protect all.

“The governing body consist of statesman and ambassadors who have been selected or elected from each of the kingdoms. The statesman represent the people, and the ambassadors represent the kingdoms. Together they negotiate treaties, settle disputes and create laws. The Chancellor would lead the union. 

“The Adlit Federation were the ninth and last  kingdom to join. There are three others who currently petition for representation, they are from the outlying stars.”

***

Jeremy's shuttle just arrived from Frontier but he did not have a moments rest. Others were waiting to greet him at the gate. The press was also there, not used to a human, or even an important one at that, leaving the human reservations.

He stepped off to see a familiar face, “Travis, General Travis Parker, finally glad to meet you in person.”

The general shook his hand, “Likewise, I’ve been reading your books, which brings me to why I called you here. Let’s get through the press and to the transport, I’ll explain on the way to parliament.”

The security guards push the press and crowd away to give them a path to walk out. At times they had to push themselves. Jeremy ignored the questions as he was in thought over the reason he was brought so far from home to Tara Prime. Home planet of the Empire. 

They sat in the transport which quickly left. The General hand Jeremy a folder. “You need to study this as quickly as you can. Parliament is already in session and your scheduled to speak”

“What..?” Jeremy seemed surprised. “About what?”

“About the possibility that Meeran will invade Terra Prime. You’re the military analyst, read this and tell us what you think.”

They fly over a large group of protesters holding signs that said, “Occupy Parliament!” or “Jacob was right!” Then the transport landed in front of the parliament building.

Jeremy fumbles through the pages as the transport reaches it’s destination. He’s still going through it even as they walk through security and into the main parliament chamber. They quietly find their seat. 

The Ambassador for Meeran is already speaking. “... not to mention the cloning chambers found. At last count there was 20, each had a thousand. With the Ark ships they could have taken them anywhere...”

General Parker whispered to Jeremy, “At last count there were 25, including one with mature warriors. They were untrained and easy to put down.”

“Looks like they were preparing for an invasion of their own.” Jeremy whispered back. “I guess we can give King Terrence Lanner credit for that or Jacob for starting it all.”

“He’s human.”

“What? Jacob? How do you know?”

“Lots of arrows pointing in the right direction.”

“My God, didn’t he come from Lomen?”

“Yes, and our thoughts match yours. The possibility is high he’s your brother.” Jeremy was stunned but the General continued. “He has a vendetta against the Adlit, I think he believes you're dead. He’s out for revenge, along with Terrence. Jeremy, he’s not stopping. He could threaten us all.”

“He’s certainly not stopping at Lomen. Who’s this?” he said pointing at a picture.

“That beauty is Bianca, where she goes trouble follows. We believe she’s behind the recent instability at the Trade Union, she’s been spotted on Whim. She also has reservations to land on Frontier. You know there is some speculation that they may be lovers.”

“That’s interesting... at least he grew up in a loving home.”

“He didn’t, his step mom was very abusive. She died when they were still kids. The father did what he could for them, they all have military college degrees. With their leadership skills Jacob and Terrence gained their own Kingdoms.”

“Yes, I am familiar with that.” Jeremy flipped a few pages and pointed something out. “The moon...”

“What?”

“Whim’s moon, it was an old mining post. A fire made it impractical to continue. The Meeran military still holds many older style ships, they can be refueled on the unrefined fuel.”

“I knew you’d find something.” The General looks up, “Looks like the Adlit ambassador is up, I wonder what this son-of-a-bitch has to say.”

The Chancellor stands, “The floor recognizes the Adlit Ambassador Von.”

The Ambassador stands and walks to the podium at the center of the room. “Thank you for allowing me the chance to address these accusations. After hearing all that I almost felt like damning my own people. But you must look upon this from another facet. All kingdoms of the Empire have a defensive force. For the fast few decades there has been a state of tension between the Adlit and the Terrains on Lomen, and even on Meeran. Some individuals even take it on themselves to act without authority in violent ways. The decision was made to create a peacekeeping force. The horde has been our traditional army of the past. But we hoped to train them as peace keepers...”

“That asshole is knee deep in bullshit.” whispered the General.

“Has the thought ever occurred to you that if you cursed less then people would take you more seriously?”

“Fuck no.”

“Anyways, the Meeran can’t use the moon unless they can put out the fire. It doesn’t even need air. They’d have to use some sort of antimatter bomb to disrupt the chain reaction.”

“You’re shitting me...”

“What?”

The General re-adjusted himself to get closer, “I shouldn’t be telling you this but I think you have a need to know.”

“Spill it.”

“There was a device stolen from Cleo a week ago. It’s called the AMCU. It will make the Antimatter needed to make a small bomb.”

“Bianca... all the arrows are pointing in her direction.”

“I think after this you need to go back to Frontier and find out what she’s after.”

“Whatever it is, I know it’s not rest and relaxation.”

“Unless it’s all a game to her. Looks like the Whim Ambassador is up, you’re up next. Watch him play all the sides to get what he can.”

The Whim ambassador takes his turn at the podium. “Fellow citizens of the empire, I will keep this brief. The Empire was formed for common security of all the Kingdoms. I make one last appeal, send help or we have to choice then to turn to Meeran for our security needs. May I remind the Chancellor that we opened our world to the Adlit on his urging. Chancellor, don’t let this die in committee.” 

“You’re up next sweepy, knock ‘em out.” 

The Chancellor again rises, “The floor recognizes Military Advisor Jeremy Forrest.”

He, stands at the podium and straightens his papers, “Times are indeed changing, Imagine a human addressing the parliament. The Empire is changing and if we don’t react then others will and that is just what the Meeran and Lomen are doing. The Empire failed to stay true to it’s charter, now a rival threatens to take it’s place. 

“Each move that the Meeran military has taken has been straight toward us. The Adlits first safe haven would have been Cleo, home of the Trade Union. When the Adlit were denied there they were offered Whim. This was planned as you can see by this stellar map. If a base was created in the Whim system then that would put them in striking distance of Terra Prime. The Moon can be used as a refueling port. 

“I think this visual makes it quite obvious. Jacob plans to invade. It is highly recommend that that both Imperial and Frontier forces be consolidated in these areas to defend the planet.”

“This is outrageous,” cried out the Meeran ambassador, “We go where the Adlit are, nothing more. We do not seek civil war!”

The Trade Union Ambassador also speaks his mind, “I don’t see any motivation in Meeran going any further. Besides pulling Imperial forces from patrol will leave us vulnerable to pirates. Not to mention rumors of movement in the Warren territories. I vote a negotiated non aggression pact. For the stability of the Empire we must have peace. Who seconds me?”

The Adlit Ambassador moves to stand but the Chancellor motions him to be calm.

“Aye” said the Meeran ambassador.

“I third” said the Acedia Ambassador.

The Meeran ambassador turns to the Chancellor, “By the rules of our parliament this vote must be brought to the floor.” 

“Aye, I will bring the vote,” He stands “But not until after I have my say. I have witnessed the destruction of the badlands myself. I have seen the bodies, the Adlit never stood a chance. Voting for peace is a vote for genocide.

“I’ll make this easy, I have created an executive order to provide aid to Whim and help place the Adlit in underpopulated areas...”

“Underpopulated?” Protested the Whim Ambassador, “We want them removed! Even our people are starting to riot. Time is of the essence, vote for peace if you must. But if the Empire is unable to help, then we’ll be forced to call on those who can!”

The Chancellor continued. “Gentlemen, the Empire was created to restore civility to all our people. As I was saying there are many underutilized areas on Whim to settle the Adlit.”

“This is the word from our king, you have 6 hours!” the Whim Ambassador storms out.

Jeremy has already taken his seat during the debates. He whispers to the General, “If they vote for peace, it will give time to the Meeran’s to prepare their forces.”

“It will give us time as well.”


Later the General, Jeremy and the Chancellor meet together in his office to todays events.

“The Adlit have been instigating this for years.” Said Jeremy.

“There is no excuse for genocide and I refuse just stand aside and just let it happened. Our bureaucracy has turned the empire impudent.” responded the Chancellor.

“It gets worse, I just got word from Frontier, the early warning system picked up some movement. Right now we think it’s just a scout. The Warren are like sharks, they can spell blood. If we don’t start moving our forces into position, we could end up over-run. If we do, those sons-of-bitches will pick up that the Empire has become unstable.”

“I think we’re screwed all the way around.” Said Jeremy, “I also think it’s time to lift the restrictions on the humans, you’re going to need us.”

“And have them cause another uprising?” Snapped the chancellor.

The General chimed in, “Let’s not bullshit, the humans were right. What has happened is in the past. What the hell are we going to do now?”

The secretary comes in, “Sir, they voted to sign a treaty and are announcing it on the front steps to the press.”

“Do I have no say?” The Chancellor got up and ran out to the front steps security in tow. There he found a crowd of reporters listening to a speech from the Trade Union Ambassador. The weather was damp, and they all had umbrellas.

“We regard this agreement that we signed moments ago, as a symbol of the hopes of our people never to go to war with one another. I hope this means peace for our era.” 

“Chancellor...Chancellor?” cried out the reporters looking for a response.

He walked up and said, “I fear we just traded peace for the lives of all Adlit. History will not judge us lightly unless we rewrite it to cover our own shame. No matter how many times you may wash, the stains will remain... ” 

The General took Jeremy aside while the Chancellor talked to the press. “Looks like we’ll have to  work around these assholes if we are to save ourselves.” 

“Start training humans,” reasserting Jeremy. “Look, everything is spoken for, if parliament wants to lock everything up then we need to look outside the box. If we start training humans, we can say it’s for a simple defense a force, or the merchant navy. What choice do we have, make a deal with the pirates?”

“I trust human far more than pirates.” Said the General. “Let’s not put all our eggs in one basket. How long till the planetary defense system can be brought on-line?”

“Not sure, it’s been mothballed about a decade. Some of them may not even be in orbit. You’ll have your work cut out for you.”

“Yes... I need you back on Frontier, find out what Bianca is doing. The Chancellor’s chief of security will go with you, his name is Connor Rain. Proceed with your idea and see if you can make merchant sailors out of your top students, I’ll get the authorization from this end. Also, if Jacob is really your brother, it might help to get some face time.”

“What? You want me to call him.”

“No, I want you to meet him.”


***

In the middle of the night the Chancellor and his wife are sleeping soundly. The sound of the communicator goes off. The Chancellor quickly silences it and goes to the next room as to not disturb his wife. 

He answers it to see an image of his security officer on the screen. “It better be good, Connor.” said the chancellor half asleep.

“The Meeran have arrived on Whim. Several large battles ensued and the Arks are again taking off. Preliminary reports are that the capital city is nearly leveled. Jacob promised support to ‘rebuild and return everything to normal.’ I think they intend to say on the surface for a very long time.” Said security chief Connor.

The Chancellor takes a moment to clear his thoughts, “Any idea where the Arks are going?”

“They were headed to the forbidden zone, which brings me to the next subject. We sent a scout to check up on that early warning from Frontier. It’s already two days overdue. It is presumed destroyed.”

“Thanks, Connor, if this is it, I will get some more sleep before coming in early. You have a safe journey to Frontier.”

“No sir that is all. Thank  you.” the screen goes black.

The Chancellor got up and walks through his house as if looking for ghosts or that he was lost. Finally he walks to the balcony sits down and looks up at the stars, smiles. That moment quickly fades, he pulls out a cigarette to calm himself and help him decide what he must do. 

He figures he’s damned no matter what. Does he dare effect matters outside his powers of office? He ponders such questions, using the cigarette to delay as long as possible. When he finished he knew what he had to do. 

“What are you waiting for?” asked the voice in the shadow.

“The doctor said you’d go away.” he responded.

“You may be the only one that can hear me, but that doesn’t make me any less real. Perhaps Plato is correct, only the shadows are real, the rest are only illusions.”

“If you’re real then who else are you manipulating?”

“It’s all part of the Grand Design. We all have our rolls.”

He goes back to the communicator and turns in on. “Interstellar Tel Please.” The communicator pauses and a large logo appears on the screen. “Direct connect Cleo, Chairman Christopher Atlas.”
 
Christopher's face shows up, “Chancellor? What can I do for you?”

“I need your connections. I have a business opportunity for you.”

“Hmm... I’m kinda in the hot seat right now, my ID was used in a recent theft.”

“Those aren’t the connections I’m looking for.”

“I beg your pardon.”

“Recent parliamentary decisions have left me rather desperate, tell your friends that I’m willing to pay them a fortune.” 

Chapter 7
Frontier

Bianca’s ship dropped out of hyperspace after the Unified Field Array drive disengaged. She looked out the window at the Planet Frontier and started to look around for other ships.

“I don’t see him Gorky.” She said checking her scanners, “There he is. Not a bad looking ship. Jacob said the likelihood that this is a pirate is high. We’ll have to be careful.”

“Hmm...” Gorky grunted, “If he tries something, I’ll pop his head like a grape.”

“Try not to get anything on my dress, I paid a pretty penny for it.”

“No problem,” The control panel is beeping, “He’s sending a tracking signal now. We’re not going to land first?”

“If he has what I think he does, we’ll never get back off Frontier if we do business down there. All business done on the surface is subject to taxes and inspection. If we do business in orbit then my diplomatic immunity will make it illegal to search my ship. Their type always does business in orbit anyways. Activate the docking sequence, this won’t take long.”

Gorkey, types in the command and the screen turns green with the words ‘Auto Dock.’ After a few minutes both ships are docked and the airlock is sealed. Bianca opens the door and see three men with guns pointing at her.

Bianca smiles, “Are you trying to hold me up or are you happy to see me?” Gorky holds a remote explosive device in his hand up high for everyone to see.

Their captain spoke first, “You never know who you’ll see when you first open the door. Lower your guns boys.” They lower their guns and relax then Gorky lowers his hand. 

“You told King Jacob Lanner that you had something we’d be interested in.”

“Yes, I ran into this quite literally above Terra Prime. It’s a defense sat, not too badly damaged.” he took off the sheet that covered it. “I trust you’d be interested in buying it?”

“Oh yes, I guess now we discuss the price.”

“I want 20,000 credits in gold, transferred to an account on Cleo.”

“You’re insane, it didn’t even cost that new. I’ll give you 5,000.” She looks at the boxes next to it marked MBQ Corp. “Emergency communications? Radios?”

“Those are not for you, those are for another customer who will be along in a couple days.” He looks to Gorky “What’s that in your boys hand?”

Without a second thought she tells him. “A quantum remote detonator, totally untraceable.”

“Give me 10,000 and one of those and we’ll have a deal.”

“Sound good to me.” they each type out their transaction on their communication pads, then tap them together. 

As they separated  he reminds them, “Now the detonator please.”

“Oh...give it to them Gorky, and here’s the remote.” They hand over the devices and drag the satellite back through the air latch. Gorky and Bianca both return to their seats and disconnect from the other ship. Their ship drifts away and continues on to the spaceport on the planet surface. Bianca likes to fly fast and the glow of the bottom of the ship’s hull showed it.

***

The school on Frontier is for both Humans and Terran’s together. As such they also all have two teachers, a holographic one and a human one. Today Ms. Stevens will teach the class and the subject is about the Frontier.

“Alright children,” Said Ms. Stevens “We are going to talk about the Frontier and it’s role being essential to the security of the empire. As we know, the empire resides in a globular cluster adjacent to the Milky Way galaxy. This planet, the Frontier or Planet Frontier is the one closed to the rest of the galaxy.”

“We are the stopover and the gatekeepers for all traffic to and from the galaxy. As such the empire arms us very well, and the best military schools in the empire are here. Both humans and terrain's may join. But humans can only work in non-combat rolls.”

A twelve year old girl raises her hand.

“Yes Jenny?” asked Ms Stevens

“Have any other aliens beside the Warren ever come?”

“Yes, Jenny, we’ve had Beru, Santroo and several new races come from time to time. But the Warren have been the most frequent”

***

Laura and Frank step off the shuttle at the spaceport. The Frontier space port is almost as modern as Terra Prime. Hovering holograms help decide what you want to do and personal indicators light up on the floor to show you where to go.

“Frank, nothing better spoil this one. We just got out of Whim by the skin of our teeth. I thought we were dead. Then the Meeran came.  Did you see how big those guns were?” commented Laura. “I’m so worked up from all that I can just crash!” 
 
Frank just grunts.

“Oh here’s customs, I hope he goes through your underwear for a change.” They go up to the counter and a woman starts to check their bags. “Oh it’s a woman, I feel much better now.”

“Welcome to Frontier, are you here on business or pleasure?” the woman asked.

“It’s our anniversary so I hope it’s all pleasure. Hey...” She talks quietly “Are there any Adlit on this world?” 

“The Adlit are free to come, but there are no Adlit settlements if that’s what you’re asking.” The woman finishes her inspection and closes everything back up, “You’re free to go.”

“Grunt.” Frank picks up the bags.

“Come on Frank I don’t want to be late for the ride.”

“Don’t worry I ordered our own transport.”

“Oh I canceled that and got a better hotel.”

“What?!”

“We can save money by taking public transport to the Embassy, the hotel is right next door. All the tours pick up from there and the restaurants are in walking distance.” 

“Grunt.” They both walked to the transportation lounge. 

“We can walk home under the stars, it will be very romantic.” Laura sees a familiar face. “That’s Bianca. Bianca! Over here!”

Bianca looks surprised. She only met these friends of Jacob’s a few times. She thought best to be polite. She walks over and greets them “Hello, on vacation too?”

“Oh yes, it’s our anniversary!” Laura jubilantly said back.

“Oh really how long?” 

“Twenty-Five! Well on Frontier time we’re not there yet but we are on Meeran.”

“Now that’s true love.” Bianca sounds truly interested. “I hope to be there someday.” 

“Grunt.” 

“Are you and the muscle man that just left...?” ask Laura

“No,” Bianca smiled. 

“That reminds me, Jacob’s been seeing that Abby, is that going anywhere? If it’s not I have a sister that would love to date him, even if the human rumor were true.”

Bianca’s blood pressure spiked for a moment, but she quickly calmed herself before answering. “Jacob doesn’t talk about her much, but she seems to be everywhere...”

“You’re telling me, I was certain we saw her on Whim.”

Bianca was shocked, “You were on Whim? Did you get caught in the riots?”

“Oh yeah! Frank had to take an Adlit down. He’s my hero.”

“Grunt.”

Bianca looked at the arrivals board, “Excuse me, I need to pick up an old friend her flight just landed.”

They part ways and Bianca makes her way to the terminal. Olivia walks off the ship and lets out a squeal, “Bee!” they give each other a warm hug. “Ouch! Careful that’s where I got shot.” her arm was still in a sling.

“It’s been a couple weeks hasn’t it?”

“They said it may take a couple months. I’ll have a nice scar after it.” 

“The boys will think you’re tough.”

“They already do.” They start walking to the transportation lounge. “So much technology on Frontier. None of it on Meeran.”

“Frontier’s sin is gluttony and technology is it’s food.”

“I thought gluttony was Tara Prime.”

“No that’s pride.” The door opens to a personal transport waiting for them.

“Wow nice ride. This has to cost some money. Wait my bags!” 

“The valle` already loaded them, I get a frequent customer discount.”

 They both get in a buckle up. The cars voice scratches out. “Location please?”

“Manual drive.” Ordered back Bianca.

“Location please?”

“I drive myself dammit, I’m from Meeran.” the car gives in and they start moving. “I figured we go see Daddy first and then head out for the celebration.”

“Celebration? What holiday?”

“Barber Day silly.”

“But that was two days ago...”

“Frontiers rotation around the sun is a little slower. Today is Barber Day here.”

“Does that mean we’re taking over.” Olivia asked laughing.

“Not yet, that’s why we need to see Daddy, he’s got connections with the human government on the reservation. If we can convince them to come to our side or stay out of the way then they could influence the Frontier legislature too. Frontier is much more liberal, they let humans serve in the local government.”

“Where’s your muscle man?”

“Ironically he has family on Frontier too. I let him off his leash. We’ll meet up later.”

“You eat breakfast? I’m starved.”

“I think it’s dinner I have chocolate covered donuts and grape soda.”  Olivia gives Bianca the crazy look, then they both start laughing. “Daddy’s got something for us.” The car does a flip in the air and lands in front of the only house on the mountain top.

“Wow talk about secluded, your dad really likes his peace and quiet.” 

They unbuckle their belts and walk to the house. An older man opens the door and shouts, “Babies!” while Bianca and Olivia both give him a hug. “Come on in, breakfast is ready.” they walk in and take off their jackets. “Olivia, it’s been even longer since I’ve seen you.”

“It’s been about seven years.”

“Is that how long since you and Terrence been married? No kids?”

“We seem to be much too busy.”

“I see by your arm, my son making you do all his fighting?”

“We all have our calling.” A moment of awkwardness.

“Come sit, sit.” The table is already set and he brings out the food, “So are you here on business or pleasure?”

“Both, Isn’t the best kind of business the kind that you can use as an excuse to see family?”

“I’ll except that.” he smiled. While they chowed down. He turns serious. “You want to meet with the humans don’t you. To try and convince them this war of Jacob’s is good.”

Bianca used a meek voice. “It’s mine too, the Adlit bombed us constantly; it was time change.”

“Hmm, anything to do with the Adlit is a disaster. That’s why I moved so far away.”

“Have you even talked to Jacob since you left?”

“No honey I haven’t. We just don’t see eye to eye on things. He turned your brother against me. He was a troubled child, I tried to raise him the best I could. Anyways, rumor has it that his parents survived. His brother is a military analyst, by the name of Jeremy Forrest. Word is he contacted Jacob to arrange a meeting. He’s been back on frontier for a day now.” He finished his food, “They’re watching you Bee, they know you’re here and that you’re up to no good.”

“I can handle myself.”

“So I’ve heard, both of you can. How’s the arm, Oli?” 

“It’ll heal in a couple of weeks, we were just talking about how I’ll get more respect with the scar.”

Daddy laughs, “I remember when you two were so little, getting into Terrence’s birthday cake. You both denied it, but the chocolate was all over your faces. You two are still inseparable.”

***

Bianca rented a personal transport for Gorkey to visit some family too. He first flies over the ‘old’ neighborhood and lands in front of the house. He takes a deep breath and rings the bell. The is opened by a woman who recognizes him and quickly shuts it.

“Sherill, come on... I have what I owe you... plus interest.”

She opens up the door, “I thought you were dead. The checks stopped coming and I couldn’t track you down.” 

“I know, things got crazy on Cleo. I got hooked up with the wrong people. Things are better now.”

“For you or me?”

“Is Jenny home?”

“Hold it, the money first.” she reached in for her communicator and waited for him to reach his. 
“Fine.” he got his digital wallet out and they tapped to finish the transaction.

“Jenny! It’s your father. Come on down.” She called out. “This will cover everything, where are you staying?”

“Well I was hoping to...”

“You can stay on the couch.”

A twelve year old girl walks down the stairs screaming, “Daddy!”

His face lights up, he didn’t have to say anything. A hug was all that was needed. 

“Mom, can we go to the park?”

“Sure, baby. Don’t be late for dinner.”

“We won’t.” She tugs her fathers hand. “Come on!”

Gorkey turned back and said, “Thank you.”

It was a nice day for a walk. Gorkey was in heaven, he was with his girl, his daughter.

“Where were you?” She asked walking beside him.

“Well my boss on Cleo wasn’t a nice guy. I got a new boss now, you’d like her. Her names Bianca.”

“Do you like her?”

He laughed, “She’s my boss. She is a beautiful woman, but she already has someone.”

“How do you know someone likes you?”

Alarm bells, “Why do you ask?”

“There’s this boy at school...”

“And you like him? Well usually they’ll show you more attention and they’re nicer to you than anyone else. But most of the time it’s all the boy’s job. Which doesn’t make anything easier.”

***

Bianca and Olivia dressed to kill. They were determined to be noticed and get all the attention. Barber Day on frontier was noted to be just as big as on Lomen. Except this human holiday was going to be with the humans and they knew how to party. 

Not many Terrains joined them in this celebration. Because of their close relations with the humans, Lomen is the only Terran world that did. This got them even more attention. The human men were ever curious and Bianca and Olivia enjoyed every minute of it.

Everyone was dancing the drinks were flowing. If you lived in the neighborhood you didn’t get any sleep. Celebrities talked through the night and politicians kissed babies. It all reached a climax with fireworks in the sky.    

After they are finally tired and inebriated they return to daddy’s cabin and decided to watch the stars on the porch.

Bianca suddenly remembered something and pulled out a quantum trigger and handed it to Olivia. “You want to do the honors?”

“Who is this going to blow up?” Olivia responded.

 “A pirate ship I just had dealings with. They were shipping emergency radio equipment to Tara Prime. I figured they shouldn’t have anything good.” Bianca pointed into the sky, “They should be around there.”

Olivia pushes the button, and waits a couple minutes, “I don’t see anything.”

“That can’t be good.” Then a streak of fire lights up the sky. “Oh much better.” 

“You are so bad. Double, double toil and trouble; Fire burn, and cauldron bubble."

Quoting Shakespeare back "Look like the innocent flower, but be the serpent under it. Tomorrow we will have to put our best face forward."

Chapter 8
Reservation

An engineering student stands up to give his presentation at the Human military university. He’s in full uniform starched to perfection, even though humans are not allowed to served, they are always ready to come to the communities defense.

“Hello everyone, my topic is on the Unified Field Array. The UFA is the modern technical implementation of the Unified Field Theory conceived by Albert Einstein. This showed that Electromagnetic radiation, Gravity, and even photons can all be used to affect each other, furthermore manipulating space time. This was first tried in earth year 1943 on a battleship called USS Eldridge. The ship was said to disappear and travel through time.

“These rumors could never be substantiated or duplicated. Today the UFA manipulates space time with great success, we can travels between stars in a matter of days instead of centuries or millennium that normal propulsion can do.”



Today the Human Government will meet with Bianca. Today she will do her best to convince them it is best to side with Jacob. Today will effect all that is planned and already put into motion. Their government is not as flashy or luxuries as the Terran’s. There was no budget. There was little decoration and symbolism in the auditorium, this was kept in the hallways to avoid distraction. The seats were simple and built into a sloping surface. 

A robed woman walks to the podium. “Ladies and Gentlemen, please come to order. The Prime Minister will allow 30 minutes for Bianca Lanner Representing Meeran to speak.”

Bianca steps up the the podium, “Good morning, I come as a representative of Meeran and Lomen for my friend, Olivia and I grew up on Lomen. Lomen has a long history of welcoming all races, even after the human uprisings we commission a colony. Our relationship with the humans helped us both prosper and we became close friends. 

“Unfortunately the Adlit did not return our hand of friendship. Instead they took advantage of every opportunity to take more. When they knew they could not take by tricky they used fear. We lived under the threat of terrorism since the civil war, this threat extended to the badlands of Meeran. 

“There comes a time when you say enough is enough and you fight back. Unfortunately the Chancellor does his best to make us out to be evil war mongers bent on revenge. We only want peace, our circumstances dictated our actions.  

“When we did fight back we found deep dark secrets. We found thousands of cloning chambers for a new horde army and thousands of ships to carry them! They threatened all of us! You once rose up against the inclusion of the Adlit to the Empire, you understood what could happen. Even faced with this evidence the chancellor still spoke ill of us. We do not seek confrontation with Tera Prime or the Empire as a whole, but if they stand in the way of peace we will have no choice.

“We cannot have peace unless we are ready to fight for peace. The Adlit are not the only threat, the Warren have been coming ever so closer.   I urge you to unite with us to create a united front to these threats. Thank you for your time.”

Some humans clapped as others sat in their chairs with arms crossed. These issues truly divide the humans. Most recognize the the threat of the Adlit, but many believe this is only an excuse to take power. At any rate the invitation was cast.

Bianca and Olivia made their way to the halls and came face to face with Jeremy Forrest and the Chancellor’s security chief Conner Rain. 

Jeremy spoke first, “Bianca,” he smiled, “I was wondering if we can have a word with you.”

Bianca was a bit surprised, “Of course.” 

Jeremy motions to a side door and they both go in.

Bianca is ever so conscious of her surrounding and always determined to keep control of her environment. Being a woman should be a help.

She began to walk slowly around Jeremy, “You do look like him, I wonder if everything else is the same?”

“Bianca!” Exclaimed Olivia.

Jeremy kept his composure, he knew this would happen. “What are you up to Bianca? You don’t just go places to have speeches, usually chaos and destruction follows.”

“I think I was insulted,” She begins to walk around Conner putting her hand on his chest. “What do you think Conner?” She knew his name as she always knows the characters in her play. 

Conner’s temper rows. “I think you’re a master manipulator, full of deceit.”

Bianca turns her attention back to Jeremy, “I hear you want to meet him, is the date set?”

“Yes,” answered Jeremy, “We will meet on Acedia in ten days.”

“You can’t take him from me...I won’t let you.” She turns around, “Are you done with us?”

“Yes, but be warned, we’re on to your game. Don’t try anything on Frontier or we’ll revoke your diplomatic privilege”

She smiled and walked out the door with Olivia in tow.

Jeremy looks at Conner for a moment, “I don’t like this, we should have just watched her in secret.”

“She knows we’re watching.” Conner remarked. “This was to shake things up a little. It’s one thing when a threat is hidden, yet another to see it in front of you.”

Jeremy grunts and walks out. Conner remains a moment and pulls a package out of his pocket and examined it.

Bianca and Olivia got back to their transport to return to Daddy’s for one last visit. Olivia gave her opinion of the event, “You are so touchy feely. I’m not sure if those guys didn’t like girls or if they used every bit of their willpower to not show it.”

Another transport gets a little too close to them, Bianca yells, “Hey idiot you’re too close!” The other transport opens it’s door and the trader captain is standing in it. He pulls out his gun and rapidly fires on the disabling the their transport causing it to fall from the sky.

“Hold on!” yelled out Bianca.

“What the hell you think I’m doing!?” yelled back Olivia.

The transport hit the ground spinning once, twice, three times while spinning off parts. When it finally came to a stop Bianca slowly pulled her way out and sat up next to the debris. When she looked up she saw the captain waiting for her.

“I survived the crash as did you.” he said. “But you won’t make it off Frontier alive, bitch.”  He tries to pull the trigger, but he is the one who is shot. Olivia crawled out of the other side and shot him.

Bianca reached for her communicator and tapped it. “Daddy” 

The device beeps and her Dad answers, “Daddy I’ve been in a crash.”

“Hold on baby I'll come get you.” 

“...OK”

***

It just turned morning where Gorkey was staying. Since he didn’t wake on his own, Jenny decided to wake him, he’s never had a happier morning. Hot breakfast and hot coffee smells filled the air, but something on the news caught his eye.

“What’s that, turn it up.” asked Gorkey.

The newscaster was standing in front of a crash site explaining the seen, “It is believed that this ship was sabotaged and which caused it to crash on Frontier. The captain survived but was later ironically killed in a skyway accident with the Meeran representative Bianca Lanner and Lomen representative Olivia Lanner. Both of which have been treated and released from the hospital. They’re reportedly staying in the Meeran embassy and refused any requests for information.”

“Jenny,” Gorkey pulled a package out of his pocket, “I have to go...”

“But why?”

“I’m sorry, that’s my boss. I need to find out what happened. After this job I promise I’m coming home, I just have a debt to pay.” he puts the package in her hands, “But if something does happen to me, this will with all you need.” 

*** 

Jeremy and Conner were at the embassy trying to gather further information from Bianca. They don’t believe it was just an accident. “Now Bianca, space tracking showed that you were docked with the trade ship the day before.”

“Yes, we were going to do some trading for emergency food shipments for Lomen, It’s easier to do business in orbit to avoid VAT taxes and tariffs. We were unable to make a deal so we called it off. I had nothing more to do with him.”

“Isn’t it kind of strange he came after you after his ship crashed.”

“He too was mistaken, he should have spent more time on the maintenance of his ship. Plus I may have insulted a family member or two. I’m told I have a sharp tongue.”

Olivia added in, “You got that right, smart ass.”

Bianca stuck her tongue out and laughed.

Jeremy continued, “At any rate, I’m going to have to ask you to stay on Frontier and away from the Reservation until I’m finished with the investigation.” He motions for Conner to follow, “We’ll be talking later.” they both walk out to their transport.

Conner asks, “You believe her?”

“Not for a second,” Jeremy responded, “She caused that explosion to stop something from happening or to cover something up. I need you to go through the wreckage again and see if you can find any communications devices, something that has payments or transactions on it. In the meantime, we need the embassy watch 24/7. She’s a slick one, she may try and get away. I’ll contact the spaceport and lock down her ship.”

“Consider it done, what are you going to do?”

“I’ll see what I can find out about our dear captain, maybe his client list can answer something.”

Meanwhile inside Bianca is livid. “How dare they tell me to stay put like a little ‘lap dog’?”

“Well look what you did.” responded Olivia

Bianca, responded with a cold stare, but this did not last long between such close friends. Her communicator chirped. “Gorkey left a message.”

“What’s it say?”

“He has the ship secured, but we need a little diversion.”

Not too long after that Laura and Frank walk in. “Well if we got our own transport we wouldn’t have to exchange so many credits.” Frank said sarcastically.

Bianca smiles and said with a long drawn out voice, “We found our diversion.” she walks out to meet Laura and Frank, “Hey Laura... Frank nice to see you again. Having fun on your anniversary.”

“We would if we had our own transport.” sharply answered Frank. 

“Cool it Frank, we don’t need a transport.” responded Laura.

Bianca quickly picked her words and responded to Frank, “I have some pull at the embassy, I can get you the transport I came in on.”

“Oh really, that would be so awesome!” said Laura excitedly, “See Frank it pays to have a level head and be friends with everyone.”

“Grunt.”

“Just let us walk out there with you and we’ll hand you the keys.” They all walk out to the transport in front of the main embassy door. Bianca has the vale’ move the transport into obscure the road a bit. They all walk out together with an umbrella open hiding Frank and Laura but allowing Frontier security to see her and Olivia. 

As Frank and Laura get in the car Bianca shifts the umbrella to hide her own face and quickly run inside unseen. Frank takes the controls and lifts the transport into the air and speeds off. Frontier security takes off after them.

“They took the bait.” she said in the drawn out voice again, almost singing. She sends her message back to Gorkey that she’s ready.

Frank and Laura, drive down the city square to see the sites. They were obviously driving like tourists. But something was bothering Frank, “I think we’re being followed.”

“Why would someone want to follow us?” snapped Laura.

“Maybe it’s an Adlit wanting revenge.” He turns around the corner, “He followed us.”

“Oh dear, oh dear. I’m too young to die. Judy told me that trouble followed you, did I listen? Nooo!”

“It wasn’t much trouble being married twenty-five years!”

“Shut up and go faster.” she said looking around, “He’s going faster, he’s going faster!”

“I know dear.” He steers the car into a flip and around another building, “Hang on!”

“Ohhh, I’m going to be so sick. You’re not getting anything from me tonight.”

“I never thought I would...”

Suddenly the transports come under remote control, it slows to a stop and lands. Frank opened  the door to peek out, Laura had her purse ready. A half dozen security cars surround them. Jeremy and Conner gets out of their transport, looked at the couple and realize they’ve been duped.

Jeremy looked to Conner and said, “She’s good, we need to get back to the embassy now!”

But it was already too late, Gorkey was hovering Bianca’s ship over the embassy long enough for both Bianca and Olivia to get on board. “I trust you didn’t have any problems?”

“Not since I swapped the ships registration code with some guy called, Conner Rains. We should have smooth sailing”

At first Bianca became concerned, then she just started laughing. The ships communicator started beeping and she clicked answer. Conner’s face popped on and said, “Only the guilty run Bianca. You realize you can never come back again.” Jeremy is sitting silently in the background.

“Oh I’m not so sure about that, I’ll be back before you know it.” she chuckled, “For once you’re doing all the talking and Jeremy is the quiet one.” 

Jeremy casually comes to the screen, “Where are you off to now, Bianca?”

“We’ll I can’t tell you, but I’ll just say not far. I hope you and my brother have a good time. But for now...” She kissed her hand and blew it to him.

Chapter 9
Kingdom of Acedia

A lone transport pulls up to an old farmhouse and a man dressed up in a suit stepped out. He looks around and finds little in the way of technology and wonders how anyone could survive. He thought as quiet as this is someone should have heard him coming. He walked to the farmhouse and knocked on the door.

An old man opened the door and asked sharply, “Yeah, what do you want?”

The other man took a step back and responded, “Mr. Williams, I’m Jack Lean, with the school system. I’m here to talk about Izaak.”

“And?”

“Well since he turned 16 he hasn’t been back to school.”

“And?”

“Sir, I understand it may be legal to drop out but the child’s future depends on it.”

“Why? All we need is right here. All he needs to know is how to grow food, we feed the planet mind you.”

“But Sir, there are advancements all the time, your son is still young. Many opportunities...”

“For what? To leave here? Haven’t you heard, the rest of the empire is on the verge of war. We keep to ourselves, you suits want to ‘advance’ our world. But doing that only makes us a target. Every time you bring us something ‘new’ it makes life more difficult. No, it’s not worth the evil it brings.” Then he closes the door.

“Sir?” Jack walks back to his car and turns around, “Some day the rest of the universe will turn up at your doorstep. Whether you like it or not, do your son a favor and make sure he is ready.”

A loud clap of thunder fills the sky, Jack looks up to see a smoke trail. It was a ship dropping in from space at high speed. Aboard it was Jeremy Forrest, the pilot and several security guards.

“Can we go any faster?” Said Jeremy trying to read some documents.

“This is what we call a fast descent sir! It gives me a thrill every time.” responded the pilot.

“I can’t even keep my hands steady. My vision will be blurry for a week... Please patch me a link to Terra Prime, I need to talk to General Travis Parker.” a few moments pass and the Generals face shows up. “General, I’ve been looking over the latest information. Is this true, pirate activity has gone to nothing the last few days?”

“I guess given Meeran’s military movements have them spooked. They did avoid the area for awhile” responded the General.

“But that was a couple weeks ago, why didn’t they stop then? They don’t suspect something is up, they know it. I hope you got those defense satellites working.”

“Up running and they check out. We’re missing a few but that was expected. These sons-of-bitches will knock ‘em out. Even then I’ve been able to pull a few Frontier ships off of patrol duty and back to Terra Prime. I don’t think we’re worthy target anymore.”

“That maybe, but with Bianca touring the empire I’m still worried we’re missing something.”

“Did you find out what she was up to?”

“The usual, chaos, destruction and mayhem. She had a meeting with the human government but she didn’t persuaded them. Also there was an incident with a trader, they had business together and she blew up his ship.” 

The General’s eyes went wide, “I shouldn’t bring her home to dinner. I think there’s something more involved with that ship then we know.”

“Agreed, I’m still waiting on the information from the black box.”

“Well keep me up to date.”

“Will do General, out” the screen goes blank. The Shuttle quickly decelerates and touches down with a clunk.  “Well I didn’t need breakfast anyways. What’s your name pilot?”

“Lt. Spickner, but my friends call me Spike! How’d you like riding the dragon?”

“Awesome, Spike, remind me never to ride with you again.” he looks out the window, “We’re at the spaceport but no ones home?” They open the hatch and walk down the ramp. Eventually some people do walk by, but no one pays attention. “Now I know why they call this the kingdom of fear.”

His security guards form a perimeter around him as they walk down the street. Jeremy is watching a 3d map as they are guided to their destination. As they walk most pedestrians show no care, others look on with disgust. They are not welcome on Acedia. 

When they get to the top of a hill they spot a Meeran military ship, “Look sir, said one of the guards.”

“Looks like we’re here,” Jeremy responded, he pointed to the next building, “This is it.”
The guards go in first, and lead him to a large room with a single lit area, like a spotlight on the floor. In this area stood Jacob.

Jeremy’s stomach knotted up but Jacob spoke first, “Welcome brother,” he smiled with jubilation and embraced Jeremy, “I trust your journey was uneventful.” 

Jeremy smiled and returned the embrace with a prolonged handshake, “Yes, it was fine.”

“Come, sit!” Jacob pointed at two chairs just out of the sun’s halo, “How about a drink?” 

 “Sure.” he sat down, “I never thought I’d see you again. I thought you were dead. Mom and dad tried to find you or your body for years.”

“I have to admit after seeing the rocket hit your ship, I thought all of you were dead. How is mom and dad.”

“Mom’s fine, still kicking, not sure how to tell her you’re still alive. Dad died five years ago in an accident.”

Jacob looked down, “Well at least there’s mom...”

“...And a sister, Lilith. She heard so much about you.” Jeremy takes a drink and puts it down, “It’s time to come home, brother.”

“I’ve gone to far for that.” Jacob looks down.

“Every things already arranged, full immunity. Just come home...!”

The shadowed voice spoke to Jacob, “He’s trying to distract you from your purpose. He wants you to walk away from everything...”

“...And live on the reservation?” Jacob responded sharply. There is a minute of silent awkwardness until Jacob spoke up. “Why did the Chancellor sell warships to the pirate clans?”

Jeremy was shocked, “I know of no such sale, it would never happen.”

“The pirates have organized, they no longer attack Terran shipments, only mine.” He swallows the rest of his drink. “Just hours ago one of my supply convoys was attacked with new Zeck class warships. My kingdom build much of it’s weaponry. They won’t be a problem much longer.”

“I assure you I know of no such plan. This has some sort of elaborate ruse.” 

“Your Chancellor is playing a very dangerous game. He risks provoking an all out civil war.”

“Is that what you seek, justification?” Jeremy asked sharply.

“I seek justice and freedom for our people, don’t you?”

“At what cost?”

“For freedom any man would sacrifice his own life. Our people are being held prisoner! Why are you so willing to side against me?”

 “Are you so sure about that and is freedom truly your only motivation?” Jeremy stands, he senses that is welcome will soon be worn thin. “Every step you made seams designed for confrontation with Terra Prime. Your sister is not very good at keeping a low profile.”

“You’ve met her?” Jacob also stands but he smiles. “She is full of life and fun.” He steps closer to Jeremy to whisper. “If you cross her, the consequences would be unbearable.”   

Jeremy to smiles and steps back, “At least you grew up in a good family.”

This is when Jacob almost loses his temper, as if a traumatic memory flashes before him. But he quickly regains his composure, “Yes” he straightens his uniform, “I cannot go with you, but I offer the same to you. Come with me and I promise freedom to humans everywhere, freedom to travel and live where they please. To be equal partners in the empire. Many humans have already joined me.” 

“He will not go with you...” said the shadow. “He is under their spell.”

“Under your dictatorship?”

“My quest for power is monovalent, I only seek it for the betterment of all. History has shown what happens to democracies.”

“In democracy there’s freedom…”

“..for the humans? In democracy the majority rules, the minority is always suppressed. It’s like two Anborans and a single Seibri voting on what’s for dinner.”

“I cannot stay here to debate you, nor can I join you, the price is too great. Turn your forces back, allow the Adlit to return to their land. There is still time!”

“Sigh ‘You must either conquer and rule or serve and lose, suffer or triumph, be the anvil or the hammer.’ For the sake of my people, I cannot. I cannot allow the Adlit to return and bring back our children’s nightmares. I cannot allow them to launch rockets over our heads night after night. I could not let them raise a horde army so they can wipe me out of existence!”

“Then God forgive us.” Jeremy turns and starts to walk out.

“Jeremy!” Jeremy stops without turning, waiting to hear what Jacob has to say, “If they make me kill you, I won't allow a single one of them to live.”

Jeremy turns and responds, “If I have to kill you, it would bring me great sorrow.”

“Do me a favor, don’t tell mom.” Jacob puts his hands behind his back and looks Jeremy in the eyes. “Jacob is dead.”



Jeremy buckles back into the drop-ship and reflects on the events that just transpired.

Spike noticed that Jeremy didn’t say a word, he knew it didn’t go well. He started the engines and prepared to the ship for takeoff. But his curiosity got the better of him, he had to ask. “Doesn’t look like things went very well?”

Jeremy laid his head back and said, “I’m a pawn being played between two madmen who hate each other enough to destroy an empire. ‘Our civilization cannot be conquered from the outside until it has been destroyed from the inside.’ ” reciting a quote he remembered. He regains his composure, “Get me the General, I have to warn him war is coming.”

***

Jacob also returns to his ship, sits in his captains chair, and becomes lost in his thoughts. Without moving his makes his order. “I want Bianca.” In moments Bianca shows up on the screen. 

“Are you ready, my love?”

“Ready and waiting for your orders,” she responds eager and excited.

“Proceed as planned. Remember, I don’t want any civilians harmed.” He turned his attention to Carlos Randald and his Viceroy sitting in the background, “General Randald, I’ve read your book and was very impressed. Now impress me with your actions.”

Carlos nodded, “We’ll have the Cathedral secure before you arrive.”

Chapter 10
Battle for Terra Prime

The local School of Technology on Terra Prime is having a special seminar on communications. The subject to day is “Entangled Electrons.”

“Ancient communications were based on electromagnetic radiation, sometimes called radio waves” Said the teacher giving the lecture. “This has both advantages and disadvantages. The advantage is that it can broadcast to an unlimited number of people at the same time. This is why it’s still in use today.

“However it’s unreliable over great distances and can only travel at the speed of light. Since most of the planets in the Empire are over 10 light years away, it would make interstellar communication impossible.”

“Now entangled electrons changed everything. Scientists discovered that the movement or shaking of one electron can be made to mimic another. Even at great distances this mimic remains the same. Once technology was created to encode communication on electrons, instantaneous communication to anywhere in the universe became possible. Even if the destination is traveling away at near the speed of light.”

***

Far above Terra Prime in space, a dozen ships appeared overhead to drop off a small object the size of a basketball and then disappeared. Each one of the those balls glow slightly at first then turned quickly to the brightness of the sun. After mere seconds they all burn out.

This did not go unnoticed. General Parker is sitting at his desk at the war room looking over the statistics.  A young lieutenant barges in blurts out, “About a dozen ships appeared over the planet. They only stayed for a moment and left.”

The General picks up his hat and rushes out to the middle of the war room. “We’re under attack, activate the defense satellites.”

“Sir we can’t communicate with any of them.” responded a private.

“Activate the backup systems.”

“Sir!” responded the Lieutenant, “They never arrived from Frontier.”

“Oh my God, those sons-of-bitches destroyed plan A before we could even use them. Activate plan B.”

“How many drones sir?”

“All of them, I’m guessing will end up going to plan C before the days over.”

“Sir? There isn’t a plan C.”

“Give me a few minutes and we’ll have it!” He pushed everything off his planning table and starts over with a new map.  



General Carlos Randald, stands at the bridge of his command ship, watching the fleet get into position, he clicks a button on the communications panel and speaks, “General Randald to all ships, do not fire until we’re inside the defensive perimeter, the satellites won't fire until fired upon.”  he clicks another switch, “Launch the message pods.” 

Thousands of small pods fall from the ships in orbit, they glow red hot re-entering earth's atmosphere and land safely in the populations centers.  They pop open and a very loud message repeats, “Stay indoors. We are not your enemy. Remain calm. You will be safe.”

General Randald clicks another button, “Colonial Barrian, are you ready?”
Olivia’s face shows on the screen, “We’re ready and waiting.”

The General was shocked, “Olivia, what are you doing?”

“This is a Lomen brigade, I’m here with my troops.”

“But you lack even basic military training.”

She smiled, “But I have spirit.”

Colonial Barrian peaks over her shoulder, and tries to take over the conversation. “Don’t worry sir, she’s in good hands.”

“You and Olivia leave me nothing but worry.” He sits back and adjusts neck. “Your dropping in five seconds.”

“What?” shrieked Olivia.

The General pushes a button and their brigade launches off the bottom of the ship towards Terra Prime. The brigade’s ship glowed white hot entering the atmosphere, so bright that nothing else can be seen of it.

The General turns and clicks another button, this time Bianca appears on the screen. With Gorky sitting behind her. “Bianca, your BFF is on her way to HELL. She hitched a ride with the Loman brigade.”

“What!?!? And you let her?!” Bianca blasted back angrily.

 “You drop in five seconds.” Responded the General.

“You son of a bitch, you better hope I don’t...” The ship is released and her ship quickly entered to atmosphere and then begins to glow. Inside Bianca is holding tight against the shaking the re-entry is causing. One hand on her safety harness, the other on her sword. She breathes in deep two or three times and the shaking stops.

“Ready for the drag shoot.” Yelled the Colonel as the parachute opens to slow their descent. A strong jolt lets them know it caught the wind, slowing their descent. Each one bends the ship with a grown and wine, nearing the ship’s limits. Within minutes they reach the ground within eyesight of Tarra’s spaceport. 

Terrain security forces already have them targeted and the air is full of smoke. Bianca’s troops, pull out under heavy fire and form a perimeter around the ship. As they exit, their ship leaves and other ships land around the spaceport. The heavy vehicles from all the ships join to create a defense barrier all around the airport so the troops can move in without worry of attack from behind.

“Advance your positions, do not break the perimeter.” Ordered Bianca over the radio. Blasts are popping the armored vehicle all around her. “Somebody knock those towers out!” 

Meeran’s military forces soon make their way into the buildings to a chaotic scene of civilians running in all directions. Bianca look around and commented, “ah dammit.” She lifted her weapon in the air and fired. “GET ON THE GROUND NOW!... Colonel, have someone round the civi’s up and get them to a safe area.” 

Unfortunately there were always those who would not comply. Bianca knew Jacob would be angry, but the moment a civilian fought back, they became soldiers and were eliminated. 

The terminals had to be cleared out one room at a time, one terminal at a time. Drop ships kept coming down providing fresh supplies and troops while a mobile command center landed on the spaceport landing pad. This was a huge ship known as the “mobile palace.”

The soldiers quickly try to evacuate the last terminal but one soldier saw something that made him pause. A dark mass in the corner of the hallway. He walked up to it and strained his eyes. A voice spoke out. “You see me?”

The soldier stuttered, “Yesss, what are you?” he stood frozen.

“Interesting…” the voice said, “Your name is Alexander is it not?”

The soldier nodded.

“Alexander, look at the couple at the far wall.” 

The soldier looked to the wall so see a frantic lost couple. The wife talking so fast that her husband is just holding his ears shut.

“Their names are Frank and Laura, they’ve have the unfortunate luck of constantly being in the wrong place at the wrong time. You need to escort them out of this building immediately.”

The soldier looked back around and the shadow is gone. Taking the shadows word as an omen, he quickly went over to the couple and interrupted their lively argument, “Excuse me folks I need to escort you to a safe place.”

Laura looked surprised then commented, “Look there is a man in this place who knows what he’s doing. I guess I was wrong.”

Frank rolled his eyes back into a flutter, “Let’s just get out of this nut house before we get shot!” 
“Ladies first,” she said pushing him out of the way.

“Laura, if I ever get out of this marriage alive I’ll never get married again.”

“Don’t worry, you won't live to see it”

The soldier Alexander pulled them through the corridors and out the emergency exit, they were halfway to the other terminal when he came to and realized he had to go back for the other civilians. But he never got that chance.

A thunder crack of explosions came from all over the city, closing on the space port until the terminal they just exited was swallowed into a giant trench in the ground. All of Bianca’s forces were cut off from the rest of the spaceport.



General Parker activated the communicator and the face of the Chancellor appeared on the screen, “Chancellor, this is it, we blew all the bridges into the city and the aqueducts under the spaceport. You’re in the clear to evacuate.”

The Chancellor seemed shocked. “Surely it has not come done to this?”

“Chancellor, they’re getting re-enforcements with regularity and it will be days before the first of our ships arrive from patrol. They caught us over confidant and now we need to make the hard decisions. Now, we’ll be overrun in hours, are you going to be safe to fight another day or be held hostage by the Meeran alliance?”

***

Bianca’s communicator begins to buzz, she answers it, “Do you see this?”

The General responds, “Yes it appears several hundred explosions destroyed nearly every route in and out of the capital city. Olivia’s path is blocked and I haven’t had any communications from them since they landed. They only way to take Cathedral is through the city.”

“What about the spaceport?”

“Only the other side is accessible to Cathedral. It appears they did that so that the Chancellor could evacuate from the north, I don’t see anyway of preventing that, the air defenses are too heavy to land forces there and the Chancellor already left Cathedral.”

Bianca gains a determined look, “I understand. Cathedral is mine.” She hangs up. “Colonel, we have new orders. Leave all the heavy artillery here, aim them to the other side and keep anyone from taking off. Meanwhile I’ll take the mobile units through downtown to Cathedral.” She walks out to the open and yells, “Thunder road! We leave in 2 minutes for Cathedral! Mobile units line up. Heavy up front!”



The Chancellor and Statesman Randel gathered everything they can hold in a mad rush to evacuate the premises. The temple security desperately escorted them to the waiting transport outside where General Parker was waiting. The air was full of smoke and explosions echoed from the other parts of the city.

“What the hell took you so long? We’re not moving, we’re evacuating while the getting is good! You two look like a couple of ladies who couldn’t figure out what to take.” The general said, “Get in, your security chief went ahead to prep the ship. I’ll cover your six.”

“Our six?” asked Randald

“Your ASS!” answered the Chancellor as he got on board. He looked out to see civilians watch out of fear and despair. He felt that he was abandoning them, but he knew he could do no good if he was captured. He yelled out, “Fear not, I will return with liberation. Do what you must to endure. I will tell you when the time is right.”

***

Bianca’s convoy rolls down the streets of the capital city, they’re challenged by various weaponry on every corner. The insides of the heavy tank rang from the constant impact of enemy fire. Most of the resistance was easily dispatched until they got to block 23.

Civilians littered the streets, running in all directions. Alone girl stood squarely in front of Bianca’s tank. Bianca screamed at her but she did not move. Finally she grabbed a rifle and popped open the hatch. Their eyes locked. The girl was an albino, with white hair and eyes. Her stare could see through to her soul, Bianca felt frozen, a couple near misses and the little girls father taking her to safety woke Bianca up. Her troops pulled her in and closed the hatch.

“What the hell was that?!” Cried Gorky.

“I know that stare, but it wasn’t from a little girl…”

“Well, wake up there’s a blockade ahead, we’re in for a fight!”

Alexander starts the tank moving again and rams squarely into the blockade made of old transports and trash. Bianca again popped open the hatch to see General Randald on the other side firing his weapon in one arm and holding the flag of the Empire in the other. 

Bianca and her troops were pinned inside their transports. They could fire back but could not see their targets. Alexander threw out a few smoke grenades, and some troops were able to get out and use the blockade for cover themselves.

“Bianca!” yelled the general from the other side of the trash hill. “Cease fire!”

Bianca told her men to stop, and answered back, “You’re surrendering?! Perhaps you don’t have the balls everyone said you have.”

“No Bianca, I’m giving you an ultimatum!”

“Haaa, you can’t be serious!”

“Surrender now and I won’t have to kick your pretty little ass all the way back to Meeran.”

The General wanted her to get angry, but she understood psychology in warfare. On the contrary she found it amusing and laughed. She responded, “Never give-up, huh?”

“Never ever…! You surrender?” he asked back.

“Hell!” She started firing over the mound and the rest of them joined in. Debris from the surrounding buildings was raining down around them. Alexander gets all the flash grenades he can and as a group they throw them over the hill. By the time Bianca’s troops get over, no one is there. The General was gone. But the bodies of civilians were all over. The wild crossfire had them trapped.

Bianca knew Jacob would not be pleased.



The mobile Palace was being readied by the security chief when the Chancellor’s transport arrived. The smoke and debris started to cause it’s own weather pattern, gloomy and storming. Without delay Chief Conner Rain rushed the Chancellor and his statesman on the ship and and walked out to close the door.

The Chancellor seemed confused, he questioned Conner, “Aren’t you coming aboard?”

“No, I’ll join you on Frontier. I need to get the rest of our supplies on the Generals ship. We’ll escort you out to free space where you can make your jump.” 

“Good luck brother.” The Chancellor acknowledged.

“Don’t worry I’ve got everything under control!” The chief sealed the door. 
The engines start with a loud rumble as the General arrives to his ship. The Meeran heavy artillery starts to fire in a constant roar, inching ever closer to their position. The signaled to start the engine on his ship before he even reached the gate and drives it into the loading bay.

Both ships are off the ground before all the doors are closed, the Chancellors ships moves first and the General’s stays close behind to fire on anyone who gets in the way. They both speed their way through to the upper atmosphere to face the Meeran blockade of battleships in space. 

“Open fire! All guns!” Ordered the general, “And don’t let up until they’re white hot!” All guns fire in all directions covering the Chancellors ship.

The security chief walks to the window, pulls out the remote detonator that Bianca gave him on frontier and presses the button. The Chancellors ship shimmies from a large explosion just before it makes the jump past light speed and disappears. The chief puts the detonator back in his pocket and mumbles under his breath, “So long chancellor, dear brother.”


***
Bianca’s tank pulled up to cathedral, she and her troops filed out of their vehicles. It was quiet, no one was firing at them. It seemed eerie. She walked up the long stars to the door with gun gripped tight in her arms. 

The door opened and Olivia smiled down at her and said, “If I know you were coming, I would have cleaned up!”

Bianca was pissed, “Ooow, what the hell was wrong with your radio?”

“It broke as soon as we hit the ground. Charlie dropped it… then ran it over with a tank… twice.”

Bianca walked in, as they walked down the hallway she pulled out her sword and dragged it against the wall. It sparked on some spots, but other it cut down the paintings and other hanging symbolic decorations. She could not help but speak out, “I came, I saw, I conquered”

Olivia responded, “No no, something classical like…” she walks out to the middle of the foyer. "Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears; I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him."

“Not bad. Not bad. But we have to remember, it takes more than might to conquer our enemies, we must also use seduction.”

Chapter 11
Cathedral

Jacob and Jeremy loved to explore the cellar of Papa's old house. It was old and dusty a full of danger, Jacob kept a watchful eye on his little brother, at the same time he looked for new and interesting stuff. He looked through the old toys and took a shining to an old robot. He’s never seen one like this since there aren’t many robots left. The Terrains are considered the ultimate achievement in robotics, why would anyone want the others around?

He flipped the switch on and the lights in his eyes being to turn on. “Good morning!” it exclaimed.

Jacob and Jeremy laughed for it was not morning.  Jacob gave an order, “Re-calibrate!”

The robot took a moment and said, “Oh dear, I’ve been out a very long time. Are one of you master William”

Jeremy said, “William is our Papa.”

“Your Papa? I suppose that’s logical, considering the time that passed. Is the war over?”

Jacob knew history, it was his best subject i n school. “There have been many wars.”

“Well greeting, they call me Hector. May I be of assistance?”

“I’m looking for some old books… something different.”

“Well the master had many books.” The robot drove around the corner. “Here’s some good classic books by Samuel Langhorne Clemens.”

“I’ve read enough Mark Twain… “ Jacob stops mid sentence. He spotted a book on the top shelf with weird symbols on it. He climbed up the racks and pulled it down. “Hector, what is this?”

“I believe it is an ancient books of secrets about the Knights Templar. They’re long gone now, it may be an interesting read.”

***

Jacob ship arrives, it is much bigger than the Chancellor's ship and far less graceful. It is a battleship after all and not built for luxury. It’s job is not to instill awe, but to invoke fear. The landing too is rough, mechanical and cold. Meeran soldiers clear a walking path from the ships ramp to the cathedral door. As the doors open Jacobs personal guards and advisors step out. Then comes Jacob and his brother Terrance.

They move down the path but couldn’t help notice the civilian casualties being piled up. Jacob was disgusted with this. He resolved that this will not go without repercussions. 

They walk into the building and the Ambassador, joins them. “Your highness, the capital city is secure. There are checkpoints on all major road. The minor roads have been destroyed. Our sleeper agents have taken over law enforcement.”

Jacob did little to acknowledge the ambassador’s existence but he continued walking, “Our extensive lobbying and campaign contributions for the outlying governors has also paid off. We should have most resistance crushed on 48 hours.”

Jacob looks only into Olivia’s eyes and nodded. Bianca was shocked, she asked with a whisper, “What was that?”

“I wrote his speech.”

“Ohhh” Bianca said logically.

Jacob walked up the stairs to the and sat on the Chancellor's chair, doing so with command and authority. A camera is setup watching him and the cameraman does a countdown with his finger. When the green light goes on, Jacob speaks. “Greeting, I am King Lanner of Meeran and despite what you’ve been told I’ve come as a liberator not as a conqueror.  For far too long the Empirical economy has been on the brink of collapse. The politicians spend money they don’t have knowing full well that will have to raise taxes yet again, even after they promised not too.  Isn’t half more then enough?

“The income gap between the rich and poor has grown. With corporate tax loopholes the rich buy yachts, and take lavish vacations while nearly 15% of our people cannot find work. Government regulation has gone to far. Buying a home used to be a simple affair, now we need permission to even look.

“And your children are not immune, the education system has fallen behind and crippled by bureaucrats and unions and very air you breath is poisoned.”

“Friends, Countrymen, fellow Citizens of the Great Empire. I have felt your pain and suffering, I understand repression and living under fear. As a child I shook with fear as the Adlit invaded my home and took my family. All because of one simple thing, I’m human.

“King Lanner of Lomen adopted my as his own. He tried to shelter me the best he could. But the fear that Adlit inflicted was never far from us and the memories of my family haunted my dreams.

“I’ve come to bring safety. I’ve come to bring freedom, and peace. Let everyone live where they desire, let the rich pay their fair share so that everyone can get their basic right to health care. If the unions stand in the way then let them be abolished, and let no one take away your rights as parents. And let our children sleep without fear…”

A rifle blast shatters a 3rd floor window and come within an inch of Jacobs ear. His personal guards huddle around to cover him and the technician cut the video feed. The General ordered his men to find the shooter.

Bianca came to Jacobs aid, “Are you alright?” she holds his head and looks all over for injury.

“I am fine…” he whispers back.

“I swear I will cut the person up who did this, piece by piece.”
“Be careful what you wish for in moments of anger.” Said the shadowed voice to Jacob.

Moments later Meeran troops bring in a boy in his young teens. He was wild, defiant and full of rage.

“Bring him here.” Jacob says stepping down from the throne. They bring him to within an arms length. “Why?”

“You killed my family! You and her…!” he looks at Bianca. She felt stunned and ashamed. His family were among those who were killed in the final assault.

“Enough of this.” said the General. “Have the boy removed and sent for re-education.”

“No.” said Jacob. “He is a dark place and will dwell there the rest of his life. The thought of revenge will consume him.” he pulls the boy’s head closer and whispers in his ear. The child goes limp and falls to the floor. Jacob follows him and catches his fall. He held the boy in his arm like it was his own child. “I cannot curse you to live with so much grief and hate.” He brushes the boys hair.

“This is war,” Said the General, “Did you expect this to be bloodless.”

Jacob stood, pushed the General to the wall and held a blade to his neck, “They’re pulling their dead at the gates! You goals and ambitions may not mirror my own, but you will follow my orders!” He takes a look at Bianca. “Do you know why I’m doing this? My ambition is not to conquer,  but to save. Some would say that my ends justify my means... Why are all of you here?”

“Tell us brother.” said Terrence. “Do you know why were here?”

Jacob let the General go, “I know you more than you know yourselves! Our general here wants to prove his writings, that he’s the ultimate military strategist. Olivia, you’ve never moved out of your hatred of the Adlit, you’re here for revenge and your hoping I will still give you what you desire.” he walks over to Bianca. “You’re here because you crave power.”

“And me?” again asked Terrence.

“You’re afraid of becoming a footnote in history and Olivia won’t think of you as a strong leader. Don’t worry you will have your chance at greatness. Never the less, you all need me. I am the wish-master, the genie in the bottle to make all your dreams come true. You are here because of me! Otherwise you would be all back in your pathetic lives. Follow me to greatness or live in in obscurity.” Jacobs voice echoed through the building.

Lt Alexander walks in, “Excuse me your highness, we have found the vault.”

“Good I will be there momentarily.” he points to the boys body, “See that he is buried with his family.”

“Now General,” Jacob moves in for a private conversation. “We must discuss our problem with the pirates. One of their ships tried to take me out on the way here.”

“I’m sure your escorts dispatched him to the netherworld.” he said with confidence.

“Not exactly,” Jacob moved his eyes down and tilted his head. “My escorts followed him nearly into the corona of a star before he just disappeared. It appear that they have Belru technology.” Jacob looks up. “Which makes them more dangerous. We must engage them more diligently, we don’t need anymore complications in this matter.”

At the same time Gorky and Bianca were also discussing important matters.

“...But you never told me your brother was going any further than this.” Gorkey Whispered to her “The way he’s talking it sounds like he wants the whole Empire.”

Bianca looked into his eyes with a fierce stare and said, “He does.”

She breaks off the conversation and follows Jacob who is enters a hallway to another lobby. About halfway down she grabbed Jacob, pushed him to the wall and kissed him passionately. “You get me all worked up when you get so intense.” she said seductively with her lips very close to his and kisses him again.

Jacob pulls her away and says, “This is neither the time or the place…” and walks into the following chamber.

Bianca took a moment to catch her breath and follows him in. 

Lt. Alexander speaks first, “We found the main vault entrance under the statute. It requires a hand print identification. There appears to be class 7 lock behind it with level 3 fail safes. MBQ Corp.”

“The secrets of the Noddian,” he looked up at the chaplains gathered together. “One of you have the key.”

“Choose wisely, Jacob.” Said the shadow. “Let’s see how smart you really are.”

Jacob walks through the crowed of chaplains, “It’s futile to be so uncooperative. Why should you all die on principle. I know what you're hiding. All the secrets of the Nod. Maybe a few Guardians? Wouldn’t that be something. But of course none of you are allowed to know these secrets…” he reached an old blind chaplain. “...or even look at them.” Jacob points to the old man. “Here’s your gatekeeper. Pull him out to the floor.” 

The guards pull him away from his escorting chaplain and left him standing alone on the floor.

“I don’t want to do this…” Jacob said.

“Then don’t, we can all live in peace.” The man said.

“I’d like nothing more, but actions speak louder than words. Where were you when the Adlit attacked my home? When my family ran for our lives in the streets?” Jacob got close to his face. “You old man, you were standing guard over the one thing that could have stopped it all. I hold you responsible for all the death that has occurred, and I hold you responsible for what is to come.”

“We all have had our challenges in life. You have been made stronger for it…”

“...at what cost?”

“That is something I should ask you! You have weakened us in the site of our enemies!”

“I’m not the one hiding my motivations under falsehoods. Let the Warren come!” Jacob steps back, “Enough, we can do this the easy way or hard way.”

“I will not help you.”

Jacob looks up at Bianca, she pulls out her sword and comments, “The easy way then?”

Chapter 12
Tempest

“Terra Prime has fallen, Jeremy” said General Travis Parker from over the communication screen. “They were good, they had to have Carlos with them, everything we had planned fell apart in minutes and the satellite system never engaged.” 

A solemn look washed over Jeremy’s face. “What do you need me to do?”

***

Years ago in a dark prison, the guards are preparing for an execution. The prisoner is sitting in the corner awaiting her fate. The guards come in and grab her forcefully, she could not struggle, she was to weak from the lack of food and drink. They blindfold her and bring her into another small room. What seems like hours passed.

“They said your real name is Lilith.” said Bianca removing the woman’s blindfold. “It took balls doing what you did. The fire you set was...impressive. It made quite a distraction. Did you really think you could just sneak in and steal what you wanted? It took 10 guards to take you down. Terrence wanted you executed a month ago. It took everything I had to stop him.”

“Why?” whispered Lilith.

“I see greatness in your abilities, and I know the value in surrounding yourself in such.” Bianca cut off the bonds and gave her a glass of water. She took it and drank is quickly. As she did Bianca stroked her hair. “Besides, I like your kind. You and I are going to be great friends... Tempest.”

***

The spaceport on Cleo is unusually busy. The Trade Union recently sided with Meeran, and a blockade was formed keeping any ships from leaving. Many passengers are desperate to get to a neutral world but every Terran is being thoroughly screened.

One woman walked confidently by the Guards without a single challenge. But this did not go completely unchallenged. One of the guards was taking on the communicator with Christopher Atlas. “She’s here?! But she’s supposed to be on Terra Prime! Challenge her for the proper credentials.” he ordered.

Several guards ran through the crowd and the woman was surrounded on all sides.

She looked perplexed and asked, “Don’t you know who I am?”

“Sorry ma'am we’re ordered to check all credentials for everyone, no exceptions.” Said one of the guards.

“Be quick about it you creeton, I’m on official business. To think that I’m subject to this…” she stood aggressively and handed him her ID card, “ Jacob will not be pleased.”

The guard scanned her ID but at first it would not work. After a second it failed again, but the third time worked fine. He still seemed suspicious and order, “Someone get me a full body scan.” 

Another guard came out with a body scanner and started the scan. He had a confused look on his face, “Somethings wrong here…”

The woman smiled, “I guess I just going to have to fight it out of here.” She spun around knocked the first guard the the ground and had a second in her arms. She used his weapon to disable the other guards and then shot him in the leg. Before letting him go she threw out a small shiny marble, it rolled a little bit and exploded into a bright light.

All Terrains in range fell to the ground. The woman then ran out of the terminal and outside to a small ship, dropping a few more of her marbles. Before anyone could get up, the ship was off the ground and heading into the upper atmosphere. 

In orbit, Jeremy’s ship just arrived. “Be diligent, her ship should be here in moments. In the meantime we can’t afford to get jumped by a patrol ship.” 

“Too late for that Sir! We’ve already been spotted.” Responded Spike, “Two ships are approaching, and they don’t look like patrol ships.”

“Stay out of range until we spot her.” Ordered Jeremy as streaks of light begin to come out of the enemy ships and pass by their ship. “Not sure how to stay out of range of that.” 

The woman’s ship came up from the surface now being followed by a patrol ship. Spike reports, “A small craft is approaching and it’s not alone”

Jeremy hits a button on his chair and said, “I challenge you..”

The woman’s voice is heard reading a secret phrase, “I’m falling from the sky.”

He responds, “I’m here to catch you. Proceed to landing bay.” The ship begins to vibrate and jolt around as it’s hit multiple times. Her ship comes in a high speed and slides to the back of the landing bay. Once her ship is aboard Jeremy ordered, “JUMP!” The ship grumbles and mones but with a flash of light the ship is now a 30 light years away. Jeremy took a breather, “I’m going to check on our guest.” he said after getting up. He walked down the hallway as repair crews passed him.

When he reached the bay he was greeted by master chief, “You're not going to believe who this is!” 

Jeremy looked up to see the face of Bianca Lanner. But he know better, “Welcome aboard… Tempest, or Lilith Gardner?”

She smiled, “You have to take the fun out of everything? I really had them going.” her appearance slowly morphed to her true self.

Spike came up from behind, “Excuse me sir, we have a problem.”

Jeremy turned to the Chief and said, “Please take Lilith…”

“Tempest…” She interrupted.

“...Tempest,” he paused, “To her room.” He turned to her, “Excuse me ma'am.”

“Alright spike, lead the way.” Jeremy said while following him down another hallway to reach a room marked ‘UFA’. Inside a another main greets him with a jacket clearly marked ‘UFA Engineer’. Jeremy put his hand on the Engineers shoulder and asked, “what’s up.”

“We took a direct hit one of the UFA cores. We leaked a lot of radiation into subspace during the jump. Good chance we’ve been tracked.” he responded.

“That sounds bad…” Jeremy turned to Spike, “Get back to command, we’re expecting company soon. And it won’t be friendly...”

The Engineer interrupted, “...Don’t make any jumps” Spike turned to go back to command and control. The Engineer finished, “or we’ll all be atomized!”

As soon as Spike got back to command the alarms went off indicating a hostile ship jumped in. 

“Hostile at 9 o’clock!” said the co-pilot

“I see him, our UFA is damaged, we can’t jump.” responded Spike.

“Now what?”

“We hightail it to the twins!” Responded spike pointing at a very odd shaped planet. “I’ve been there before, the gravity wells will keep them out.”

“Shouldn’t that keep us out?!” 

“C’mon Rudy, what’s life without a few risks? Do you want to live forever?”

Co-pilot Rudy looked at him with stunned look and answered, “YES!”

The ship started shaking more violently as the Meeran destroyer fired on it. The alarms start sounding. “Chief! I need you to secure bulked 21!” yelled spike on the intercom.

The chief ran down the hallway to 21 and opened the door. Fire a smoke poured out as the chief pulled the fire suppressant. All at once the ship was hit again by enemy fire and 21 ripped open to space. Jeremy arrived just in time to grab his hand and close the door.

The chief tapped the communicator and said, “No more 21.”

The ship jolted back, as Tempest ran out to see what was going on. She fell and landed squarely in Jeremy’s lap. A loud sound of wind buffeted the ship. 

“Excuse me my dear,” Jeremy said, “I need to get to Command and find out what is going on.” After an awkward moment, she rolled to the side to allow him up. He smiled got up and straightened his suit before heading to Command. After reaching it he noticed they were no longer in space, but he could not see what was going on outside, the windows were bright and it looked like some sort of sandstorm. “Report” ordered Jeremy.

“We’re in the Twins!” yelled back Spike, loud enough the noise outside. “It’s two planets orbiting so close that they share the same atmosphere and they’re magnetic fields align. There’s no way the Meeran ship will come in.”

“10 credits says they’ll be ready when we come out.” Said Rudy.

“Let me guess, we’re going to hang out at the Lagrange point where both planets gravity cancel each other out. Hopefully make repairs enough to get home.” said Jeremy

“Plus one for you, you’re one smart cus.’” Laughed out Spike. The ship slowed to a stop and the wind died down. The cabin is quiet.

“Let’s see how much damage we got and what we can fix.” Jeremy pulls a couple flashlights from the wall and walked down the hallway. He met up with Tempest and tossed her a flashlight. “here…”

“Here what? What are we looking for?” she asked

“Leaks. C’mon. we’ll start at the far bulkhead and make our way back.” he said pulling her arm. 

“Leaks?!”

They both slowly start scanning walls with their flashlights back and forth looking for damage and leaks. Jeremy decided to chitchat and while looking, “What made you decide to defect.”

She stopped for a moment and continued. “I found a guardian.”

Jeremy also paused. “We were trying to get that shipped out. Looks like it’s too late. Jacob has the Guardian, and Cathedral. Who knows the secrets he’s learned.”

“He’s your brother…”

“Yes” he said still moving the flashlight and slowly walking down the hallway.
  
“He’s not a bad man you know. His intentions are noble even if his actions are not.” She pulled out a lighter and waved it next to the wall.

“I wish that was true. At least such a man could be reasoned with.”

“It’s Bianca.” she said getting out a piece of gum.

“What?” he let his flashlight moved down and turned to her.

“She’s the dangerous one. She’ll stop at nothing to get what she wants, even manipulate the one she loves to do it. Bianca seeks power for herself. Jacob is a tool, whether she has the title or not is irrelevant, power is her title.” Tempest takes her gum out and plugs a pin hole. It’s hissing becomes quite. “I got one.”

“Why doesn’t he see it?”

“Oh he sees it, he surrounded himself with people who have their own ambitions. Each has their place. What’s sad is they all think they have the upper hand.”

“Bianca does?”

“No, someone else.., something else.”

The engineer stepped out into the corridor, “Sir, you want the good news or bad news?” 

“Just give it to me in order.”

“I found the problem. I have to take the whole power system off-line in order to fix the Unified Field Array. it’s going to get cold quickly, the oxygen will drop. Dangerously low for humans like you.”

“What was the good news?”

“That was the good news. All our communications are down, looks like they hit us with the same thing they got Terra Prime with. And we still won't be able to jump worth a damn.”

“Can you get us the Susa’s Maze?”

The engineer sighed. “I’ll do my best sir. I’ll see if I can give the ship a little spin to counter the lack of gravity.”

“Do your best.”

Moments later the most of the lights go out and everyone feels a little lighter. At this point the ship is spinning. They felt awkward at first walking on the walls but soon got used to it. The ship was designed for just such occasions. Engineering could be accessed from all orientations, this assured that the Engineer to get his job done no matter the situation.

***. 

On Cleo, the Office of MBQ’s corporate COO gets an urgent message. The COO taps his desk communicator and a well dress man appears. “Mr Queen, we just had an incident at the airport. It appears the fugitive King Jacob Lanner told us to look for escaped.”

“Did the meeran ships catch them?” He responded nonchalantly.

“No sir, but they left orbit a few minutes later.”

“Thank you, Mr Atlas.” he tapped the communicator again, “Did you hear that Abby?”

Abby stood right in front of him, but on the other side of the desk. “Thank you, Michael. Our alliance will be profitable.”

“But the Trade Union’s CEO already sided with Meeran. I’m in a very dangerous position and shouldn’t you get back, if Jacob knew you were here...”

“Big profits require big risks, you must learn how to play both sides.” She smiled, “Don’t worry about me, we are everywhere...”

***

Jeremy’s ship is getting very cold, he passes the time by analyzing the attack on Terra Prime. He’s laying on the wall of the mess hall. The gravity is out but the ship is rotating to compensate, hence the floors became the walls and the walls became the floor.

“I can’t take it anymore.” Said tempest climbing out of the hallways.”You know what?” she climbed up and lays on the wall opposite him.

Jeremy is hard at work on and hardly notices here.

“This room is the exact center of the rotation. That’s way I’m laying on the opposite wall from you.” she still doesn’t get the attention she feels is do. “Whatcha doing?”

“Looking over what went wrong on, why our satellite network went down without even a warning.” he responded without looking up. 

“Poppers!” she responded.

“What?

“At least that’s what I call them. They interrupt the quantum entanglement in your communication system. I used a few of them to get out of the space port.”

“That would explain quite a bit, the communication system as a whole when down. We were fortunate to have land line communications as a backup.” Jeremy popped his head up, “Hey! You used these? Why?”

“To knock the guards out silly.”

“They knock Terran’s out?”

“When you’re close enough.”

“Then you’re not Terran! You’re human?” 

“Ding, you’re a smart one. Just like your brother.” 

“But your shape shifting abilities?”

“It was a gift. From someone I met in a cave on Lomen. A being of light, not sure who they were. It was too long to walk but there were drawings everywhere.”
“You met a keeper? They’re only a myth!”

“Hey you asked.”

“Hmm keepers were the ghostly inhabitants of the Guardians, neither Noddian or Human. Now Jacob has one, If he can activate it…” He pauses in contemplation. “What did the one you saw look like?”

“An very well endowed Amazon woman. Crazy huh?”

“Hmm, they all take shapes that would best persuade the local population…”

“Now it makes perfect sense.”

“Yes, this guardian was probably taken from earth!”

“Ok.. OK..” she pushed herself off her wall and floated over, “What are they exactly, I mean we’re all told the stories, but what’s the truth?” She laid down next to him to share the blanket.

He was startled for the moment, she wrapped her arm around his and her feet next to his legs. After a moment to bring his heart back in rhythm, he answered her, “Well after Earth’s first interstellar war a highly advanced race called the Nod created the Guardians to enforce peace in the Galaxy. The Nod are so old, that they visited earth long before human existed. Some say they are the seeds of the first humans.”

“Cain married a woman from a land called Nod.”

“Exactly, the Nod, had a vested interest in earth. So they sent the Guardian to protect it, albeit ten thousand years later, but then something happened. The Nod began dying off, but the Guardians stayed around for over a hundred more years. Eventually they shut down. The Warren were the first to discover this, and moved to retake planets the Guardians expelled them from.” She laid her head on his shoulder, he stuttered on. ”Many have tried to find the secrets, but most just give up. Jacob must be following up on the rumor that the secrets are buried under Cathedral.”

“Not just Cathedral,” she whispered. “The Warrens Royal chair, Olympus Mons on mars, the wolf of Alpha Centauri and my little pinky.” she pointed her pinky out of the blanket.

The lights come on bright and gravity is restored. They both slide back to the floor on their heads and tumble over each other. She ends up on top.

She whispers, “You have his eyes, so intense so serious. But yours doesn’t show his anger.” She dips her head and kissed him on the lips. “His always scared me, your’s makes me feel safe.”

The Engineer walked, “Just in case you…” he stopped cold waiting for Tempest to get up and return to her quarters, “Isn’t she a prisoner or something?”

“Protective custody.” Jacob corrected him.

“Anyhow the engines are on-line we can make the jump to Suza's maze but we can’t go much further. Hope you have a plan. That Meeran ship is getting more daring. I doubt going into the maze will help us.”

“Have faith, chief. Return to your post, I’ll have spike plot us in for a jump in a minute.” Jeremy walked down the hallway past Tempests room glancing inside to see her smiling and waving. He spent the the rest of the trip to the bridge trying to get his heart bad into rhythm. 

On the bridge, Spike is already in the pilot’s seat, “Suza’s Maze locked in, Sir.” he said.

“Good, now we make out of here like a bat out of hell. My guess is no matter where we exit, that Meeran ship will be on our six.” Responded Jeremy.

“Maybe some decoy?” 

“I want them to follow us.”

“What? Are you crazy?”

“I just don’t want them too close, drop some 150s on our way out of the twins. If they follow us to close, it’ll blind them long enough to get away.” 

“Let’s roll…” The ship fires the maneuvering thrusters and begins moving out of the cloudy atmosphere of the twins. As the stars began to be seen Jeremy ordered, “Drop 3 250s!” Sure enough the Meeran battleship was pulling in behind them for the kill.

The Mark 150 charges exploded sending the Meeran ship off course. In the time they bought, Jeremy’s ship makes a Quantum jump. Once finished they were surrounded by Frontier Battleship rushing to return home for the defense of their home world. 

Jeremy click the radio, “General Parker, We’re coming in hot. I recommend you get your guns ready.”

The Meeran battleship jumped in. They never had a chance to return fire.

Chapter 13
Earth

Hannah rushed to the kitchen table for breakfast, Mom made something special this morning. Pancakes and strawberries. It’s not often she can do this, they live far from the city in her Papa’s cabin. . It was a simple life, but a good one. There’s no electricity, running water or TV. Hidden deep into the woods, everyone leaves them alone. 

She sat down and ate them as if there was no tomorrow, with honey to sweeten it. Her mom smiled at while she pulled Hanna’s long red hair into a pigtail so no food would get into it.

“Next week you’ll be 11 years old, any Idea what you’d like to do?” asked mom

“I’d like to go to the city, and see Uncle Tommy.” she said, hoping for Mother’s approval.

“That’s about over 20 miles away! You’d have to wake up really early to get there, and avoid the Warren patrol… Wake up Hannah!” 

***

“Hannah, wake up, we only have 10 miles to go…” said the shadowed voice.

Hannah woke up and looked around the room. After not seeing anything she concluded it was the voice in her head again. She spent the night in an old school while Warren patrols went by. This was Earth. The Warren’s homeworld was a much darker place, so they mostly come out at night.

Hannah got up and put her things together in her backpack. As she walked through the school she saw an old piano. She stood still staring at it, her mind flooded with memories.

“Hannah” said the voice, “I got you up late, we have to go!”

She ignored him, walked over and sat at the bench. She laid her fingers out on the ivory keys to measure them off. Then she began to play. The music echoed through the halls.

“It’s beautiful, who taught you how to play?” asked the voice

“My Papa.” she responded without missing a note. She needed this, to get her mind off what happened she need to sooth her mind before leaving.

The easiest way to Atlanta was just to follow the highway signs, her shadow couldn’t help seeing all the painted barns.“See Rock City” he said out loud.

“Some sort of tourist thing,” Said Hannah, “You can see far away from there.”

“You’ve been there?”

“No, the Warren have their base up their, Papa said don’t even go near it.” she said skipping a long. She looked up to see the street sign, it was painted with a phrase in a different language. “What is that? She asked herself.”
The voice spoke up, "Lasciate ogne speranza, voi ch'intrate. From an ancient book called Dante’s Inferno."

“How do you know this?”

“I used to live on this planet a long time ago. So long ago...” 

“And you don’t know what rock city is?”

“I haven’t been here in a long time either. These cities are a strange new wonder.”

Hannah zig-zagged through to rusting cars and started to go over the bridge. 

“Warren patrol! Get under the bridge.” the voice commanded.

“I don’t see it..” she replied.

“Get under the bridge now!”

She jump over the side and laid down on the steel support beam in the corner. A large shadow came in from one side of the bridge and went to the other. It buzzed with the sound of shorting electricity and she could feel the static in the air. After a few minutes the voice told her it was all clear. 

For a couple more hours she walked and finally reached her uncle’s underground home. 

“This is a strange place.” remarked the voice.

“It was an underground shopping mall. The street is above us.” She said pulling a gate up to a store.

Two little lights flicked on and a squeaky voice yelled out “Hannah!” A dozen more little lights turned and a half dozen little robots come out of the dark, each one proclaiming their joy of seeing Hannah.

“Hi Hector, Robo, Robby… I missed you all!” She sat on the floor and began to hug each one of them. After she finished she looked around with a confusing look. “Where’s Uncle?”

Hector’s head looked down, he looked up and grabbed her hand, “I think we need to show you.” 

They went back out to the street and walked around the corner. In the street stood a hundred mannequins all dressed up in military fatigues. They all looked like they were ready for battle. In the center was an old Tank, her uncle laid silent behind the machine gun on the top. 

“Is he did?” She cried out.

“Yes. He thought he could take on the Warren himself.” replied hector.

“I’m sorry Hannah.” Said the voice. “Looks like he went mad.”

Hector looked up, “I think you need to go back home with your Mother.”
She fell to the ground, “She’s gone.” A dog came around the corner and ran straight into her arms, “Simon!” she yelled with joy. She held on to him as if she would never let go.

Later that night Hector and the other robots wanted to cheer her up so they threw a party. They began to play music and dance, the dog ran around a barked. Hannah had the biggest smile she had in years. Suddenly all the robots eyes turned red. The music turned off and hector whispered, “Warren patrol, hide in the back. We’ll put out the candles.”

“Strange that I haven’t sensed this.” Commented the voice as Hannah walked quickly into the back room.

After an hour the Robot said it was clear and they restarted the party. They played on until Hannah fell asleep.

The Next morning the Robots woke her up to go looking for food. Uncle would can food and hide them in different places around town just in case the mall became unsafe. He also had small gardens on the rooftops of several buildings. The best way to get around town was by horses, but since they all ran off, she had to use a bicycle. The robots road in a basket towed behind. 

Safe areas were painted with a small triangle just in case a patrol was around. But the warren rarely came out in the day. Hannah stopped at one of them and the robots got out and helped her pull her bike inside. She started to look through all the cabinets to see what looked good, it was almost noon and she was starved. She quickly found what she wanted, popped it open and began to eat.

The robots eyes all flashed red and they all began to hide in the cabinets below. “But no one is here.” said the shadow. Hannah ignored him and hid anyways. A long time passed, and Hannah grew impatient. She cracked open the cabinet to see what was going on in the street. In the door she saw a creature that was barely taller than she was, peeking from around the side. Both of them were startled and hid. Hannah realized this was not a warren, this was different being all together.

She slowly got out of the cabinet and the alien slowly came out from the around the door. It smiled and extended wings. It was a beautiful creature. Others came around and joined him, hector was alarmed, he came out and stood between them. This startled them again.

“Stop Hector! They’re friendly.” She yelled.

“We cannot be sure!” said hector standing as tall as he can. “If you are truly the last of your kind, we cannot take these chances!”

“Maybe they’re my last hope.” she responded and walked around hector to greet the creator.

“I doubt it.” Said the voice.

“Greetings, we are Satroo. My name is Elannerrow, we are scientists sent here to study your worked.” it said.

“By the warren.”

“The warren permit us to do our research. Please worry not. But we come in peace. No harm will come to you.” He gently grabs her hand. “Come outside, the warren won’t be back for months.”

They walked outside into the street. The Santroo have a large ship there, all the creatures around it to see the small human. Many of them spent their lives studying them but never seen one. This was very exciting to them.

.”Stay here.” Elannerrow said to her. He walked over to his to discuss the situation with his colleagues. “She is the last of her kind, if we leave her here, she will die or worse, the warren will kill her.”

“But if we get boarded, we will forfeit our lives!” said the captain. 

“This is our life’s work, can you say it’s not worth the risk?”

The captain thought for a moment, “I think I have a way.”

Elannerrow returned to her and spoke, “There are no more humans on earth. We invite you to come with us. There is no more need to be alone, we have much to learn from you.”

“No Hannah, don’t do this!” Said the voice.

Hannah turned to Hector, “What about Simon?”

“Our power cells will last long after his expected lifetime.” responded Hector. “We’ve survived this long so far.” the little display screen showed a smile.

The Voice pleaded with her, “Hannah, I don’t trust them, and if you leave. I may not be able to talk to you again.”

She looked back at the ship and said, “It time I outgrew my invisible friends.”

***

Jacob’s battleship was a juggernaut. Bigger than all the rest. He waited for preparations while looking out the view port. He liked watching the waves of red and orange. The ship was neither here nor there. It was in the other place in subspace. 

Bianca walked up behind his chair, wrapped her arm around him and whispered in his ear, “We are ready.”

He took a deep breath and commanded with one word, “Begin.” He continued to stare out, while tapping his dagger in his hand.

They all had something they did to get ready; Terrence stood in front of the mirror in his Quarters and admired his uniform and crown. Bianca took inventory of her weapons and sword. Olivia read Hamlet. General Carlos checked and re-checked the battle plan down to the second.

But Gorkey was not so eager. He worried for his daughter's safety. To him, this was insane! A moment passed and the General walked down the hall to him, placed a small object in his hand and walked away. Gorkey turned around and entered the room marked, UFA.

***

The Santroo ship also entered subspace on its jump. Elannerrow was late to his meeting in the holograph room. This room was designed so that many attendees can come together virtually from all over the space.

Elannerrow opened and closed the door quickly. Walked to the table, bowed, and said, “We have the girl, soon we will begin the transformation”

A holographic figure comes to the table, her face looks very much like Abby, “Good, she must never know that humans still exist.” She turned to the other side, “What is your status General?”

General Carlos’ face appears, “We’re well underway, we’ll be in Frontier space within the hour. All preparations have been made. “

“Eni?” Abby turned again, “How is the Chancellor?”

An Adlit woman appeared and said, “My Husband and I are alive, he will recover from his injuries.” 

The General was shocked, he asked, “What about your child?”

The Adlit woman touch her stomach, “He is fine.”

Abby smiled, “Good, soon we shall fulfill the prophecy!”

###
