Chloe’s Guardian


by Cheri Gillard




Chloe’s Guardian is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.


Copyright 2014 Cheri Gillard

Cover Design by Shelley Schadowsky

ISBN for the EPUB format: 9781311214058

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

 Contents

A Note to Readers about Suicide
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
About Cheri Gillard
Connect with Cheri Gillard
Book Group Discussion Questions
Read On to Book Two, Chloe’s Watcher

A Note to Readers About Suicide

Dear Reader:
This is a work of fiction. Suicide is depicted within the story. The intent of this author is not to minimize the seriousness or tragedy of suicide. Suicide is one of the leading causes of death among pre-teen to college-age youths. If you are thinking about suicide, please tell someone you trust about your feelings. Make an appointment with your family doctor, or talk to your school counselor or teacher. If you don’t feel that the people around you are able to support you, there are groups of caring people who can and who want to come alongside you. Search online to quickly find phone numbers and organizations that are in place and waiting to help you. You don’t have to be alone. 
Click on this link—The Jason Foundation—or this one—American Foundation for Suicide Prevention—if you want some help getting started finding help.
Sincerely,
Cheri Gillard
For my family, who listened to chapters around the fire pit on cool evenings. Who listened again during midterms or finals week. And during jet lag after returning from studying abroad. And after already hearing it three times before.
“And it came to pass when the children of men had multiplied, that in those days were born unto them beautiful and comely daughters. And the angels, the children of the heaven, saw and lusted after them, and said to one another: ‘Come, let us choose us wives from among the children of men and beget us children.’ ”
From the Sixth Book of Enoch


CHAPTER 1

Oh God, this is going to hurt. She reminded herself that it would only last a second, shifting her weight from one foot to the other, trying to make her mind as empty as the open sky in front of her. At the bottom of the cliff the sea rocked back and forth, churning and releasing the fishy brine odor, even all the way up to where Chloe teetered. Her fidgeting knocked loose a rock. It dropped down, down, until it shattered against the rocky shore. 
The boulders at the bottom were sharp and rigid. She squeezed her eyes shut. She didn’t want to look at them. But with her eyes closed, Todd invaded her thoughts. And he brought Rebecca with him, embracing her in the same way as when Chloe had walked in on them. 
She forced her eyes open, made them stare ahead.
The pain would end when she was dead. Then she’d stop seeing them together.
The voice in her head prodded Jump. It will be better. The voice stole her hope. Nothing was left. She lifted her face toward the sky to keep from looking down. The breeze chilled the tears on her cheeks. It hurt. Living hurt.
After one more deep breath, she decided. A bird cawed overhead. She focused on it. Without taking her eyes away from its soaring form, she leaned forward and let her body fall into the sky. 

***

Icy rain bit into his face and woke him up. Acrid smoke, tinged with pitch, clogged his nose. The sounds around him made no sense. Where am I? What’s happened? For one thing, he lay spread out on his back, a vulnerable position he must correct. His legs were lead, refusing to move. A deep pain burned in his back. He wished to get up, to protect his neck, to take a defensive stance. But as much as he willed it, his body wouldn’t respond. He tried to move again but the only thing he could muster was a horrid sound that seeped from his throat. Someone rushed to his side.
“He is coming ’round,” a deep Scottish voice said, the words finally becoming clear. 
“Angus, come over here. He is awakening,” another said.
Though blurry, a blond man stooped over Horatius. A stormy black sky backed him and a torch lit his face. Sleet cut at Horatius’ eyes, making it impossible to open them for more than seconds at a time. He tried to reach for the man, to get a hand up off the ground, but his arm rebelled against his thoughts.
The blond man’s soaking hair dripped rain into Horatius’ eyes. Horatius blinked to clear away the water. Help me. Please, help me get up. A hard kick sank into his flank. The impact blotted out the roar of the weather. His breath locked in his lungs and he shuddered to inhale again. The air snagged on his throat. Pain blocked his thoughts. He tried to clear his mind, to remember what he had to do.
The first voice spoke again. “I told you we should have tied him up good afore.” Contempt permeated the man’s words.
How bad was it this time? Would anyone help him? What had happened anyway? The memory was blank. 
His eyes burned, swollen, and watery. He forced them to stay open, to look at the face over him. The torchlight sputtered in the rain. Its illumination snapped across the shadows of the man’s sharp features.
“Good,” the man said. “I want him awake. Draw him up.” He flipped back his heavy, sodden hair. “There, hang him there.”
Hands grabbed Horatius and dragged him. Gawwh! Agony shot through his back when they raked him across the rocky ground. He tried to break free but his legs were useless and his arms barely better. What happened? Why can’t I move?
Someone coiled a coarse rope around his neck while his arms dangled limp at his sides. They would not respond. Think! His brain would not clear. He couldn’t pull his thoughts together to make a plan. Was it just the whiskey I drank? Was it poisoned? Something was horribly wrong. These were mere men. He shouldn’t be vulnerable to their feeble assaults.
The noose tightened and lifted him—first his head, then his shoulders—from the ground. He jerked higher and higher with each tug on the rope. The force crushed his neck, squeezing pressure into his head. His eyes bulged, opening them to his surroundings. 
Lightning flashed and castle turrets pulsed in the ominous sky. Four men had the other end of the rope and hauled together as they counted off. The rope hung over a stone archway in a castle wall. The man with stringy, yellow hair stood near Horatius as his feet left the ground. 
The man’s mouth moved but Horatius couldn’t hear him over the roar in his head. The strain would surely burst his popping eyes any second. His vision darkened. His lungs ached for air. Agony. The pressure in his head! He had to get down. The man reached up to Horatius and yanked a knife from his spine. Searing pain shot through his back like a jolt of lightning and his body convulsed with one bone-breaking spasm.
The rope loosened and he crumpled to the ground, limbs flung wide and useless. Air wheezed through his crushed throat as his lungs fought to expand. The blood receded from his face, the roar faded, the strain in his eyes eased.
The blond man appeared above him again and bent down. A torch flickered yellow in his close, probing eyes. And Horatius saw. Terror eclipsed his pain.
The man was possessed. Satarel. The demon. His father. His father who was bent on destroying him. Horatius had to look away, but he was paralyzed. He could not avoid being seen, being detected.
But what does it matter? Satarel has already found me. 
The man yelled over his shoulder in a voice that held the echo of Satarel. “Seamus, go get the hatchet. I will relish taking his head now.”
Sudden footsteps approached quickly, slapping through wet muddy puddles. 
“MacKay, what goes here?” Will Keith. The name came to him. Will’s voice took on a ferocity all at once. “God’s teeth, what have you done, MacKay?” Keith splashed to Horatius’ side and wrestled with the corkscrew of rope to loosen it from around his neck.
“Horace, ’tis I, William. Can you hear me? Can you speak?”
Horatius tried to answer, but a sole rasp escaped his throat.
William was suddenly lifted away, pulled off his feet by men on either side. He roared with indignation. “Unhand me, you fools! I am laird here. MacKay, stop this now or your life is forfeit.”
“You are in no position to threaten me, Keith,” Angus MacKay shouted over the rain, again in his own voice. “Mayhap I will take this castle from you. I will be laird of Dunnottar. And I will not show such favoritism as you did for this mongrel. He stole me betrothed. I will give the justice that you did not.”
A new man sauntered over, carrying a sword, swinging it around casually in circles. “Forget Seamus and the hatchet, boy,” he said to MacKay. “Use my weapon.” Horatius knew him. From long ago. And recently. His stature towered over the one called Angus MacKay, just as Horatius would have, could he stand. It’s coming back. Bits and pieces. In the midst of the confusion, the pain, the frustration, something started to return.
Panahasi. My brother. Of course. Now he remembered. He had to get up before Panahasi removed his head, or it would be his extinction, his complete and utter annihilation. 
Other fragments of memory flashed as he fought to organize his thoughts, to remember. A woman’s face, her body, a tryst, whiskey. They all swam into his thoughts and clogged his understanding. The recollections were hard to sort, difficult to piece together. I should do something. What am I supposed to do?
“You may not let me be the one to behead him, Father,” Panahasi shouted into the sky, “but it does not mean I cannot do this!” Two-handed, he lifted a second sword high and plunged it down, ramming it through Horatius’ chest.
Flesh tore, bone snapped. Panahasi disappeared and bright colors flared through his vision. The sword ripped back out. His lifeblood sprayed from the gape, chasing the blade. Breath wouldn’t come, his chest couldn’t move.
“Finish it, Father,” Panahasi yelled at MacKay. “Time is wasting.” Panahasi knocked his blood-covered weapon against MacKay’s sword, who jumped back as though threatened. Satarel had lost control for a moment. Panahasi laughed. “Jumpy now? Are you losing your nerve? Do not fight it, boy. Think of your fury. He took your woman. Give yourself over to the power.”
MacKay grew angrier, giving Satarel more leverage. He gripped the hilt with determination. He looked down at Horatius and his eyes steeled against him. MacKay’s own countenance disappeared, replaced by evil.
“You are a fool to think you can win redemption,” Satarel said through MacKay’s voice. “They threw me out. Rejected me outright. They will not let you—a half breed—in.”
Darkness tunneled Horatius’ sight, blending with the night’s shadows. He couldn’t keep listening. His father’s words faded. They became muffled and distant. His existence began to collapse through the gaping hole in his chest.
“Horatius.” Then he heard it a second time. “Horatius.” The plural voice spoke into his essence. It was music. It was beauty. Everything hopeful and loving. They had spoken, pulling him out of his stupor just enough.
His memory came. He’d left his father’s realm to seek redemption. Though he’d always failed, he was determined to change, to please They. 
I have to transfigure! 
Plasma spurted into his lungs. 
Now or I won’t make it. 
His eyes went blind. 
Father will decapitate me. 
Cells began to shut down. 
I have to transfigure.
His heart sputtered. It missed a beat. Then another.
Did he have the strength? Could he do it? If They had bothered intervening, he must have a chance. A chance for redemption. My father must be wrong about me.
He gathered every ounce of will that his mangled body could muster and concentrated. Air gurgled through the blood in his throat. He couldn’t think, couldn’t focus enough. The fluids were drowning him. His heart was failing.
MacKay screamed and raised the sword. The arc of the swing hit its apex and the blade dropped downward.
Horatius strained beneath the pain, the suffocation, the agony.
Somewhere beyond, he grabbed hold of a tiny thought, an extended hope. He held on for dear life for that split second.
And he transfigured.
CHAPTER 2

Transfiguring was like shedding the weight of the entire world. Power coursed through him like a jolt of ecstasy. Nothing felt as freeing as changing from weighty matter to pure energy. His physical wounds disappeared. His strength magnified to unfathomable extremes. 
Both the seen and the unseen dimensions were visible to him now. Next to him, Satarel’s essence straddled two worlds, still locked into MacKay. Panahasi, his face covered in blood, was screaming vile words at Satarel. 
For that brief moment while Panahasi distracted Satarel in the corporeal world, Horatius flew from the cliff top. He left Dunnottar Castle and transferred into the realm of the Celestials.
The second he materialized in the Corridor, a flaming arrow shot through his back. The arrow pulled power from him as it came out his chest. He spun and faced three Fallen, all of whom were under Satarel’s command. Two wielded their flaming swords in arcs. The archer fitted another blazing arrow into his bow.
Horatius generated a ball of fire, launched it at the archer, and shot away through the heavens. He zipped by two other battling Celestials—one good and one evil—fighting for a soul in Dunnottar beyond.
Satarel’s men chased after him, spreading out to come up on either side. Through their common thoughts, Horatius heard their venomous ideas. They plotted their strategy—and visualized his annihilation. Another arrow shot past him, biting his side. If they hit him one more time, he’d lose too much power. He cursed the vexing demons and launched another fire ball at them. I have to outmaneuver them.
He continued his ascent, nearing the High Corridor even though it was off limits. The Escorts going toward the Great Entrance could not be interrupted. But he did need Pure to distract the demons in order to make his escape.
Where is everyone? The Corridor is empty. The battles must have been extreme in other sectors. The Celestial Chatter in his thoughts was excessive. Conflict was everywhere. 
Darryn of the Gate charged at him, his face twisted with indignation.
“What are you doing here, Horatius? You are not cleared for this sector.”
Horatius passed him, not giving up any speed. Darryn turned and fell in beside him, easily keeping pace. 
“It is my father. Need help. Where is everyone?”
“Oh dear, oh dear,” Darryn said. “I received no word you planned to come through here.”
“I didn’t plan to, Darryn,” Horatius said. “This is urgent. Where are Baraqiel and Ra’amiel?”
“Michael called them. A bomb detonated in Sector One-fifty-three. Thousands of requests poured in. Michael wanted greater infiltration. You cannot be here. You are flying too close to the Gate. Oh dear. You cannot disrupt the Escorts.”
“I’ll stay away from the Gate. When you see Satarel, slow him down for me, would you? 
“See him? He cannot come here! And you cannot stay!”
“All right. I’m going. Would you give me a boost?”
“Oh dear, oh dear,” Darryn said, but it didn’t keep him from throwing a force of energy around Horatius that erased him from the sector. He reappeared along the edge of the corporeal world—the Chronos Band. He needed to disappear into time and transfigure back to his human form before Satarel tracked him. 
But Satarel’s toxic thoughts surged into his mind. He, too, was in the new sector, following too closely.
He had to act fast. Horatius approached the Chronos Band, but didn’t quite cross into the corporeal world. He glazed through a non-substantial tropical forest, past trees in the Corridor that were lush green blurs. As he left the transparent jungle, one of Satarel’s henchmen was waiting for him.
Horatius swerved away and transferred to a new dimension. The demons coordinated their moves to follow and converge on his new location. I must close my thoughts. Reflex and intuition must determine my movements. He couldn’t let them read his thoughts. So he just reacted.
He transferred to the Chronos Band. He needed to land and transfigure before they determined where he was. 
But Satarel was right behind him, following him into time. 
Horatius left the Chronos Band again. Without thinking, he charged back in, skipping across the surface of time like a flat stone on a pond. Doubling back the way he had come, he exited again, weaving in and out, absent of any pattern. The demons’ thoughts were confused. They were having trouble tracking him. His impulsive behavior was working.
He swept back to Dunnottar, which now existed in a different time. His acquaintances were long dead. The empty castle sat cold and quiet on the headland. Entire walls lay scattered about the courtyard. The Celestials no longer grappled in the sky, leaving the space above the fortress empty.
He left the Band to keep the trail convoluted. He re-entered. This time the castle was dilapidated, the whole hill carpeted in green grass. The skeletal walls of the buildings stood like bombed-out shells. Their floors were turf now. He soared near the old bailey by the keep where he’d nearly lost his head. He couldn’t hear Satarel. If they were in different eras, they wouldn’t hear each other. It was time to transfigure.
He flew around the south ledge to find a place to land. 
By Hades, what is that? A girl was falling through the air, plummeting toward the rocks hundreds of feet below. A chance to work toward his redemption. They spoke to me. There must be hope. He swooped down beneath her. Hmm, a lovely girl. He pushed her back up through the air and placed her on the ground inside one of the roofless stone buildings. Tears streaked down her shapely cheeks. Beautiful eyes. Full of wonder.
Her legs didn’t hold her. She sat hard on the broken cobbled floor. He hovered for a mere second above her, tempted to stay, but quickly took off to transfigure back to his human form before Satarel read his location. 
CHAPTER 3

Chloe couldn’t move. She found herself inside the ruins of the roofless ancient building. I was just falling through the air. The pressure still burned on her waist where whatever that was had lifted her back through the sky and set her inside.
Oh. My. God. That was awesome! It glowed. A bright yellow light. Light oozed out of its skin. If it can even be called skin. It hovered in midair. With wings. An indescribable face. It almost smiled. It was terrifying. Fabulous. Sublime.
And it was gone. As fast as it was there, it vanished.
She shook off her shock and scrambled to her feet. Racing to the crumbled window opening, she yelled, “Wait, come back!” She leaned out the hole in the wall as far as she could but saw no trace of the glowing being.
Chloe dashed through a gaping doorway in what was left of the stone wall, but her sandals kept her from running fast. 
“Kaitlyn! Tricia, Jessie! Did you see that? You won’t believe what happened,” she said as she hopped, plucking off her sandals. She sprinted across the grass barefooted. “Kaitlyn, where are you?” 
Her friends spilled from a building’s doorway on the other side of the plateau. They each looked in different directions, trying to find her.
“Here. I’m here. Over here,” she shrieked. “Did you see that? Was that incredible?” 
Tricia came first, leading the others in a nervous scamper toward Chloe.
“What happened? What’s wrong?” Tricia asked.
“Your scream like scared us to death!” Jessie said.
“What’d you do to your hair?” Kaitlyn said. “It’s everywhere.”
“That thing,” Chloe stammered. She waved her arms. “It flew or floated or something. You couldn’t have missed it. It went up over there. It was huge. And it glowed yellow like a…a…a mini sun or something.”
“You saw a UFO?” Kaitlyn said. She shielded her eyes and scanned the sky.
“I jumped off the cliff and it—”
“You what?” Tricia screamed and grabbed Chloe’s shoulders. “Look at me!”
“I jumped off. Doesn’t matter. I—”
“Are you crazy? What do you mean you jumped off the cliff?” Tricia said. “No guy is worth that, Chloe. Look. At. Me.”
Chloe stopped searching the sky and looked at her. “Forget it. I’m fine. But listen. Suddenly, this thing, this bright thing flew up, grabbed me and threw me back up here on the ground. What was it? What does it mean?”
“It means like you’re crazy.” Jessie combed through Chloe’s hair for a wound. “Did you hit your head? Where does it hurt? I don’t see like blood or anything.”
Chloe shook them off. “Stop it. I’m fine.”
“It was a ghost from the castle. Somebody died and their spirit isn’t at rest,” Kaitlyn said. “Maybe they had some unrequited love and they can’t move on.”
“You didn’t see it?” Chloe said. “You couldn’t have missed it.” She pulled out her phone. “I’ve got to tell Todd. This is incredible. It’s a sign.”
“Like it’s a sign that you’re nuts,” Jessie said.
Tricia said, “Chloe, listen to me. If you have suicidal thoughts, I’m going to have to tell Mr. Pozorski.”
“I think she’s got like a fever. She’s hallucinating.” Jessie had her hand on Chloe’s forehead. “Tricia, do you have some Motrin?” Jessie asked.
“That has to be it. Unrequited love. Always is that way, you know,” Kaitlyn said.
“Do you have a plan? Are you thinking of hurting yourself? Are you thinking about death?” Tricia asked.
“I’ve only got one bar out here,” Chloe said, ducking away from Jessie’s hand and tilting her phone. “Do you have any bars up here?”
“Tricia, she already said she jumped. Like it can’t get more planned than that,” Jessie said.
“The unsettled hearts are always doomed to linger until their spurned love is reciprocated,” Kaitlyn said.
“Maybe we should just take her to a hospital,” Tricia said.
“Like a mental hospital. Do you think they have those here? Would she even go?” Jessie said.
“Quit talking about me like I’m not here. I’m not crazy.” Chloe lifted her phone high in the air and turned slowly, willing more bars to appear. “Would you check? Are your phones working?”
Kaitlyn looked at her phone and shook her head. “Was it a man ghost or woman ghost? Probably a woman. They get their hearts broken so much easier.”
“Kaitlyn, stop it,” Tricia said. “Chloe is suicidal. There wasn’t a ghost.”
“You think it was a UFO?” Kaitlyn put her phone back in her purse.
“No! I think we should go back. We thought coming here would help.”
“She’s seeing things,” Jessie said. “She needs glucose. Have you got like a candy bar or something?”
Kaitlyn pulled out an amber straw and held it up. “I have a blackberry honey stick. I didn’t think you liked these, Cello.”
“Would you guys stop it? It wasn’t a hallucination. I felt it. I tried to jump but it wouldn’t let me. How would a hallucination grab me from the air and put me back on the ground?” Chloe gave up on the phone and put it back in her pocket.
“You wanted to jump off the cliff? Because of Todd?” Tricia screeched.
“Of course because of Todd. But she didn’t jump or she wouldn’t be here. She isn’t thinking straight. Eat that honey thing,” Jessie said. “When we get back I’m finding Todd and like throwing him off a cliff.”
“See, unrequited love. He’ll die and his ghost will forever walk—”
“Quit with the unrequited love crap, Kaitlyn,” Tricia said.
“Yeah, it’s not going to help anything,” Jessie said. “Todd cheated on her with Rebecca. He like totally betrayed her. He’s been cheating for who knows how long, sneaking time with that piccolo playing slut, kissing her all night when we thought he was alone, lying to Chloe, maybe like even giving her some horrible disease—”
“No, this means it’s going to be okay,” Chloe said. “We need to go back. I need to talk to him. We’re going back to the car. Maybe my phone will work there.” Chloe hightailed it across the grassy plateau to the steps off the cliff top.
“Uh-oh. Now she’s delusional.” 
Chloe didn’t care what Jessie thought.
“It was your idea to bring her here, Jessie,” Tricia said. 
“Don’t worry, Cello,” Kaitlyn said in her lilting voice chasing after her. “Everything happens for a reason. It will work out.” 
Jessie rolled her eyes. “No, some things just happen because you’re like dating a lowlife jerk who deserves to have like every single hair on his body plucked out. One at a time. Slowly. While like every single person we know watches.”
CHAPTER 4

Tricia hurtled the Volvo around a bend on A90 motorway while Jessie sat shotgun. The rental car was from Tricia’s mom, Mrs. Tao—one of the chaperones who’d come on the trip. Jessie gripped her phone in front of her like a compass and watched it track their route. 
Kaitlyn and Chloe sat in the back. Kaitlyn hummed softly, twirling her white blond ponytail while looking out the windows.
Chloe held her cell, lifting and tilting it, moving it around the backseat, hoping some bars would pop up. Come on. Why won’t you work? Stupid service. 
“I can’t believe you’ve got service. I can’t get a thing,” Chloe said.
“That’s what happens when you have like a dumb phone with a dumb provider,” Jessie said. “You ought to forget about that idiot anyway.”
“Mine isn’t working either,” Kaitlyn said.
Chloe ignored Jessie and tilted her phone another way while picturing the scene when she and Todd would reconcile, when he would take her back into his arms and they would realize it was all just a terrible misunderstanding. Chloe couldn’t help but smile and relax into the seat. The relief was so strong now, knowing it was all going to be okay. She stretched out her legs and pointed her toes. The polish on a couple of toes was chipped. And her feet were bare.
“Oh! I forgot my sandals,” Chloe said. “We have to go back.”
“Like how do you forget your sandals? You shouldn’t go barefoot so much. You’re like going to catch a disease.”
“If you saw a ghost, you’d forget your shoes, too,” Kaitlyn said and took Chloe’s hand and pulled it in close.
“No way. We’re almost to Aberdeen and we only have a half hour before rehearsal,” Tricia said.
“I’ll share with you,” Kaitlyn said. “Do you want a left or right one?” She held one of her flip-flops in the air.
Chloe squeezed Kaitlyn’s hand back. “You keep both. Thanks though.”
Kaitlyn put the flip-flop back on. “If you change your mind…”
While the tires hummed against the highway, inspiration hit Chloe.
“I’m not going to play tonight,” she announced. “I need to spend time with Todd. Today. The day I was touched by something magical. We’ll need to talk.”
Jessie turned and glared at her. Tricia stared into the rearview mirror at Chloe with opened-mouth horror. Kaitlyn squeezed her hand tighter.
“You have to play,” Tricia said.
“Are you like crazy?”
“Watch the road!” Chloe yelled. “You're on the wrong side again.” Tricia jerked the car back over. Jessie jumped back into co-pilot position with her phone app pointing at the road.
“Chloe,” Tricia said after a second to take a breath, “we know you’re hurt. Devastated even. Not thinking clearly. But we didn’t come all this way for you to skip the final round.”
“We’ll have to change our name if we have only three players,” Kaitlyn said. 
“Skip the orchestra performance this afternoon if you need to—”
“Like that will fly with Mr. Pozorski,” Jessie said without taking her eyes from her phone screen.
“—but don’t bail on us. Not now. This means too much. Don’t let Todd steal this from us. From you.”
Jessie abandoned her navigation long enough to twist in her seat to see Chloe. “What does a trumpet player know anyway? You should have never settled for brass. Stupid button pusher. If you want a cool dude, go for a bassist. Carl—now there’s a tall, dark, and handsome guy.” She’d had a crush on him since the first day of orchestra in ninth grade.
“I’m not looking for another guy, Jessie. And I’m not going to skip orchestra. Todd will be playing.”
“You are playing with the quartet. That’s all there is to it,” Tricia said. She focused back at the road like it was The End of Discussion.
“But I have to be available if that’s our only chance to talk. I can’t miss it.”
“If he’s willing to talk, he’ll like work around the schedule. But really, you found him with that—”
“Jessie,” Tricia snapped. “Don’t. You’ll only make it bad again.”
“Like you don’t call this bad?”
“I can play your part, too, if you want me to,” Kaitlyn offered.
“You can’t play her part, Kaitlyn. You have your own part,” Jessie said.
“I can play some of it—the essence of it, if Cello needs me to.” Kaitlyn had called her Cello since the first day of summer orchestra camp three years before. Kaitlyn had a moment of dyslexia when she’d read Chloe’s nametag. She saw “Hello—My Name is Chelo.” She’d said, “Hello, Cello. It rhymes. Your parents knew you’d play cello when you were born.”
At that moment, Mr. Pozorski gave the downbeat and Beethoven began. Chloe didn’t correct her until two days later. By then, it had stuck.
“No way. A string quartet competition means we play a string quartet,” Tricia said with finality.
Chloe tilted her phone near the window again and leaned her head against the glass. One way or another, she’d make time to talk to Todd. That was all that mattered.

***

The girls had the length of the Allegro con brio from a Schubert quartet another group was playing before they were on. The four of them waited in the wings behind a velour leg curtain, each holding her instrument and bow. 
They wore tight sequined dresses that Tricia assured them would make an impression on the judges. Chloe and Tricia had argued for three days about them. Chloe didn’t want to wear a miniskirt while playing the cello. But in the end, she gave in and let Tricia win. She only did because Kaitlyn begged her to. She couldn’t say no when Kaitlyn turned those hopeful eyes to her, saying how all the sparkles made her think of stars and she would feel like a golden fairy twinkling like that. It turned out they all actually looked pretty hot in the dresses. Tricia looked great in her sapphire dress, her long Chinese hair swaying past her tiny waist. And Jessie had a figure to die for. The clingy scarlet dress showed off how curvaceous she was. Chloe would never have the nerve to wear the dress at home where her dad might see her and blow his you’re-not-leaving-the-house-in-that fuse. But she had to admit the emerald dress made her feel special once it was on. 
She hoped Todd would like it. That’s what mattered. But she hadn’t seen him since their orchestra performance that afternoon. Todd didn't play on their last piece. Chloe searched backstage after the final bow, but he wasn’t anywhere. Jessie and Tricia lost patience with her and demanded they all go eat. They went to a vegan place so Kaitlyn could find some food. When they passed the burger restaurant everyone else went to, Chloe couldn’t see him anywhere.
Chloe adjusted the strap on one of her stilettos. Barefoot would have been so much better. I better not trip and fall on my face. What would Todd think?
“They’re almost done. Ready?” Tricia whispered.
They all nodded. 
Maybe we’ll be able to go out for coffee after and finally talk.
Kaitlyn rubbed Chloe’s arm and smiled. Kaitlyn’s understanding and support were great. It almost seemed like the other two weren’t happy she was with Todd. They always complained about him, saying he took advantage of her. They just so don’t understand him. 
“Chloe,” Tricia said. “Chloe? Are you ready? The stage is clear. They’re waiting.”
Chloe nodded, took a deep breath, and followed the other three onto the stage.

***

When they returned to the wings, Jessie was huffing and Tricia’s glare could have melted her rosin.
“What’d you do that for?” Tricia said.
“I don’t think it was noticeable,” Kaitlyn said. 
“Like do you think Todd had anything to do with that?” Jessie asked Tricia. “Pozorski is so like going to kill you,” she told Chloe.
“What’d I do?” 
The next quartet, a Korean group dressed in concert black with their noses in the air, squeezed past them to go out onto the stage. The crowd applauded, died down, and muffled Mozart floated backstage.
Chloe tried to remember her performance. She might have missed an entrance, but she was too busy trying to balance her cello between her half-bent knees. You try playing a cello in a mini-skirt. Maybe it wasn’t her absolute best, but it didn’t feel that bad.
“You so blew that for us, Chloe,” Tricia snarled.
“Did you like count even one measure?” Jessie said.
“You shouldn’t have made me wear that skirt,” Chloe snapped. Their attack was so unjustified. Maybe they were nervous. They were over-thinking, being too harsh. It wasn’t really so awful. They still could win. Todd will think it was good. He will be proud of me.
Chloe followed the others to the dressing room. They packed up their instruments in a friable silence and stowed them in lockers. Chloe trailed behind them out the door again, with Kaitlyn right behind her. They filed through the echoing stage tunnels to the hallway that took them to the auditorium. Tricia and Jessie slipped into the first two seats of the back row while the last quartet finished. Chloe and Kaitlyn had to step over them to sit down. Tricia and Jessie wouldn’t even look at Chloe.
After the last quartet, the crowd talked in hushed whispers and the judges tallied their scores. When the emcee went to the microphone, he tapped out a few amplified thumps. He leaned in close and boomed through the sound system. “Students, performers, and guests, without further ado,” he said in a thick Scottish brogue, “I will present the finalists and winner of this year’s Aberdeen’s International Festival of the Arts string quartet competition. When I call your name, please come up and stand with me on stage and accept your award.”
The auditorium went silent except for a couple of coughs and a door clunking shut.
“Our second runner up is…” He opened an envelope. “…from the United States…”
Kaitlyn grabbed Chloe’s hand. Chloe searched the auditorium for Todd. 
“Philadelphia’s Dynamic String Quartet.”
A flutter of activity not far away got Philadelphia to their feet and blocked Chloe’s view of the two far sections. Sit down, would you? They went up on stage and Chloe could see again to scan the room for Todd.
“Our first runner up, all the way from Hong Kong…”
Chloe stopped listening. She hadn’t liked them much.
When the emcee prepared to announce the grand winner, Chloe saw the top of Todd’s head on the far side of the auditorium. Her heart pounded. He saw me play! Now he could see her take the stage to accept first place.
Applause erupted around her. She missed what the emcee had said. 
“What’d he say?” she asked Tricia and Jessie, but Tricia jumped up and left her seat. “We won?” she asked Jessie, who was turning away, too. Chloe pivoted back to Kaitlyn with a smile, excited to share the moment with her.
“What did he say? Did we—”
“I’m sorry, Cello. The group from Australia won.”
Jessie spun back and narrowed her eyes at Chloe. “If you see Todd, tell him he better keep far away from me or like he’s going to find out what it feels like to swallow a trumpet.” And she snapped around and followed Tricia out of the auditorium.
CHAPTER 5

Chloe sat on her hotel bed not packing. Kaitlyn folded her long black skirt and put it next to her yellow sequin dress in her suitcase on the other bed.
“What’re you thinking about?” Kaitlyn asked.
Chloe couldn’t help but let out a deep sigh, even though it felt pathetic. “Todd. I just wish we could talk. He’s so busy. His phone must be dead. It keeps going to voicemail. I’ve left him a million messages.”
Kaitlyn stopped packing, sat next to her, and gave her a side hug. “You were so happy yesterday.”
“I wish I could see that flying glowing thing again. It was incredible. When it touched me, I just knew everything would be okay.”
Kaitlyn dug in her purse and pulled out car keys. She dangled them in front of Chloe.
“How’d you get those?”
“Tricia told me to move the car. She’d parked in a double yellow zone. I haven’t returned them yet.”
“But won’t her mom want them? Her name’s on the lease.”
“She doesn’t care. She got the car for Tricia.”
“You think I could go back to the castle? Look for that thing I saw?”
“Maybe it’s still there.”
“But we take off in four hours.”
“It’s not that far away.”
True. It wasn’t. She had to go. Right then. It would be good. “I can drop you off at the airport with my stuff.” She jumped up and started jamming everything into her suitcase. “I should go alone. You can tell everyone I’m coming. I’ll buy you a chai soy latte and a good paperback. I’ll be back in plenty of time.”
“It will be great for you to see it again.” Kaitlyn went back to folding her clothes into her suitcase.
“And I need to get my sandals,” Chloe said as if to justify the idea. 
“Those were such cute sandals. It’d be sad to just leave them there.”
Kaitlyn was so cool about everything. Even Todd.
Kaitlyn closed her suitcase, picked up her viola, and said, “I’m ready when you are.”

***

Chloe and Kaitlyn got through security, bought the promised drink and book for Kaitlyn, and happily settled her in the gate seating. Chloe left her carryon with Kaitlyn to speed up her return through security.
“When you see Todd, tell him I’m coming soon. We’ll finally get a chance to talk on the plane.”
She was back on the road to Dunnottar in no time. And it felt right to be going. Her nerves tingled with excitement.
They’d gone to the castle the day before because it once belonged to some dead ancestor on her dad’s side. Her friends planned the trip to keep her mind off Todd. But that was when they thought it was over between them. Now I know otherwise. We aren’t breaking up. She just knew it. And the thing was a sign.  
It felt like only a few minutes had passed when she pulled into the parking lot about a quarter mile from the incline to the top of Dunnottar Castle. She jumped out of the car and set off for the ruin down the gravelly dirt road. Within a few steps, she broke into a trot, but Kaitlyn’s flip-flops were too small. They hurt between her toes on the way down the incline, then slipped sideways and let little pebbles under her feet going back up the uneven steps to the entryway of the castle. She finally just pulled them off.
When she got to the top, she dashed to the side where she had jumped the day before. Old walls of ruined buildings kept other tourists from seeing her. She took baby steps toward the ledge and balanced there. She closed her eyes and thought hard, willing the thing to return. Nothing happened. She scanned the sky. Nothing but squawking gulls floated on invisible breezes. She bent her knees and stood up fast, like she was going to jump, letting her feet leave the ground by at least a half inch. 
A chunk of gravel knocked loose and skittered down the cliff making puffs of dust on its way. It needs to think I’m really going to jump again. She leaned forward, pressing her chin out. A deep breath. Just tilt far enough—
A huge hand grabbed her arm and anchored her to land. 
“Be careful. It is a long way down.”
Embarrassment shamed her first, that she was caught doing something no one would understand. But then she got miffed. What business was it of anyone’s what she did?
She turned and found an incredibly tall Arab-looking guy holding her arm. Trying to shake him off did no good. His hand wouldn’t budge. 
“Can I have my arm back?” Her smile was forced, but she didn’t want to cause trouble.
“Certainly. Once you come away from the edge. You could fall.”
“I’m fine.”
He steered her away from the edge anyway. His giant arm was like a crane, moving her whether she wanted to or not.
“Thanks, but really, I don’t need anything. I’m fine.”
“You looked as though you intended to jump. That wouldn’t be good.”
“Well, that would be stupid.” She just wanted him to leave her alone. How could she find the thing with him there distracting her? What if he’s preventing it from coming back? “I’m just looking for my sandals. I left them here yesterday.” It was a lame excuse for being way out on the edge, but no other ideas came fast enough. 
“Are these your missing footwear?” He released her arm and held up his other hand. Her sandals dangled from his fingers. 
“How’d you—?” It didn’t matter. She just needed him to give them over and leave her alone. She grabbed them off his fingers and hopped around to put them on while he watched. He extended his arm for her to hold on, but she did it without his help. It was silent and awkward. “Well, thanks then,” she said once she stopped bouncing and straightened up. “Have a good day.”
“No need to rush off.”
“I just want to look at the scenery a bit. Kind of want some time to think, you know? By myself. I don’t have much time. Don’t want to keep you. So….”
“Oh, I don’t mind.”
Well, I do! She couldn’t summon the thing with him around.
“I saw you yesterday.”
“You what—where? Here?” Did he see me jump? “What do you mean?” Her blood rushed with adrenaline, making her heart thump. Did he see the thing, too? Could he possibly be standing with such a straight face if he had? “You saw me?”
She watched him closely for a telling reaction. If he’d seen it, too, maybe he came back to find it again. Maybe he could help her find it.
“With your three friends. You seemed riled.”
That didn’t answer anything. “What was I doing? When you saw me…us.” Did his odd expression mean anything? 
“You were playing the tourist, right? And—”
And what? Could she just straight out ask him? Did he see a glowing, flying being swoop her out of the air? “Did you see anything unusual?”
“I did.”
What did you see? her brain screamed but she kept her face as neutral as possible. “Like?”
Their noses almost touched when he bent down close to her. He smelled like old booze. She backed up, but he spoke so quietly, she had to lean in again to hear. 
“I believe you leapt.”
“So you saw what happened!” she blurted out, no longer careful. “You saw it?”
“What were you thinking?”
“Never mind that. What about what happened after I jumped?”
“After? When you ran screaming for your friends?”
“No, after I jumped, before I went screaming. Did you see it?” Why won’t he just say it? “The thing.”
“The thing. Hmm. You mean the updraft that knocked you down? Your stumble backwards?”
“I did not stumble backwards.”
“I was at a great distance. Hard to see clearly, really.”
“So you didn’t see it?” Chloe had so wanted him to say he’d seen it, too. Obviously, he’d missed it. Or wasn’t able to see it. Maybe it was only visible to her. “Never mind.” He needed to go away. How could she find it when he was around and he couldn’t even see it? Maybe it would never come as long as she wasn’t alone.
After a deep chuckle, he leaned in closely again, bringing the sour smell with him. “Ah, do you mean the glowing being that actually flew through the sky?”
“Yes!” she screamed. His smell didn’t matter anymore. “Yes, then you did see it!” She grabbed his massive arms and jumped up and down. “Wasn’t it beautiful?”
“You thought so?” His smile spread wide. 
Was he mocking her? She stopped jumping, feeling a little ridiculous to react so intensely when he stood like marble. Embarrassed, she let go of him. “Well, yeah. Didn’t you think so?”
“I’m just curious about your impression. You really thought he was beautiful?”
“Are you kidding? The most beautiful thing I’ve every seen!”
“Truly?”
“Didn’t you think so? I mean, it was incredible.”
His perfect teeth glowed white next to his dark skin. Maybe he wasn’t making fun of her.
“I had to come back and find it.”
“It seems to have captured your fancy,” he said.
“That’s why you’re here, too, isn’t it?” Her heart was flopping with the thought someone could confirm for her what she’d seen. 
“Jumping again is not a wise idea,” he said.
“Oh, I wasn’t…well, you’re right.” Chloe felt stupid that he’d figured out her plan. And when he said it, it sounded pretty lame. She sat in the grass, facing toward the open sea. “I guess we’ll just have to wait.” The breeze picked up her hair and tossed her curls in her face. She hadn’t taken time to straighten it and the humidity was kinking it up.
He sat down, too. They watched the sky for a while. Then he said, “Are you thirsty?”
“Nah.” The thing was sent to me as a sign.
“Of course you are. When was the last time you had refreshment?”
“Don’t know.  I’m fine.” It means Todd still wants me.
The zipper of his backpack ticked open. “What would you like? I’ll give it to you. No cost.”
He wasn’t going to give up. Okay, why not? It might take a while to show up. “What’ve you got?” Her eyes stayed up on the clouds. If she could just find it again, somehow everything would be better. Maybe even my parents will be better.
“What would be your absolute first selection?”
“Water’s fine.” Maybe it meant something, or someone, was watching out for her. Actually cared about her.
“Humor me. A little more exciting than that.”
All right already. The guy sure didn’t seem to be into this after seeing such an incredible sight. Maybe he’d relax if she just let him give her some trail mix or something. 
She leaned back to see in his pack but he pulled it away. “You got a lot of choices in there?”
He nodded.
“What I really want is Chick-fil-A and waffle fries. I’m starving. I missed lunch. I wish you had that in there.”
His eyes opened wide like he was shocked. 
“No way.”
“Fiat panis.” He pulled a Chick-fil-A sack out of his pack. “Or more accurately, Let there be chicken.”
She grabbed it and opened it up. Hot, thick, fried oil aroma swirled up in the steam. “How’d you know that?” She scooted back next to him.
He shrugged and smiled again.
“Ketchup?” she asked.
“Of course.” He pulled out a bottle of Heinz.
“And honey mustard?”
“Absolutely.”
After he presented a packet of honey mustard, he pulled out a dripping amber bottle of beer. He presented it to her like a waiter holding a wine bottle.
She studied the label. “Too-tank-ham— What’s that? Egyptian Ale,” she read. “King Tut beer?”
“Actually, it’s Queen Nefertiti’s recipe. She made a unique brew. They tried to copy it after excavating her brewery. Even though it’s not an exact reproduction, it’s surprisingly close. It’s one of my favorites. The first bottle sold for over seven-thousand dollars. Have one.”
“I can’t.”
“No charge. Not for you today.” He gave her another smile, one like he had practiced it in front of a mirror. “Here, my supply is endless. Take it.”
“No, really. I signed a contract with my orchestra. We all did. Not to drink alcohol on the trip. We had to for insurance or something.”
“Who will know?”
“Well, I will for one. I made a pledge.” Man, was he for real? “Right now I wish I had a strawberry shake to go with my chicken burger.”
He winked at her then opened his pack again. “All right then, oh Virtuous One. A shake ye shall have.” And out came a frosty super-sized cup from the back pack. “It’s not seven-thousand dollars, but I can assure you, it’s a good one.”
Chloe couldn’t help but laugh. “Are you kidding me? And it’s strawberry?” She was too delighted to be cautious. A hard pull on the straw confirmed the flavor for her. “That is so cool! I can’t believe you had that in there.” She pulled the lid off and dipped in a waffle fry. The salt sizzled on her tongue around the berry sweet. “Oh my god! The flavor. Mm, it’s heaven.”
After a long draw off his bottle and a deep sigh, he leaned back on his elbows and shut his eyes like he was in bliss. 
“Want one?” Chloe extended a fry to him.
He shook his head without opening his eyes.
She tore down along each side fold of the Chick-fil-A bag and flattened it to spread the meal in front of her. The first bite was still in her mouth when she bit off the second. “This is the best chicken in the world,” she said around a full mouth. “I didn’t know they even had Chick-fil-A over here.”
“They do now.” He took another long swig of beer. “What would you like for dessert?”
“Dessert? I’ve barely start—” Chloe jumped to her feet. Out in the sky over the sea a bright light flashed. “Look! There. Did you see it?”
“Probably an aeroplane,” he said.
“You didn’t even look.” Chloe guarded her eyes and studied the spot. “I think it’s the thing.” The food had distracted her, and she had almost missed it. “See? Right there.”
“It isn’t.”
“You’re not even looking. Look. It might be it!” 
“No.”
“See where I’m pointing? Would you look?”
He glanced for less than a second and shook his head.
It flashed again. She concentrated on the spot. And it clearly was a plane. Disappointed, she sat back down. Her appetite was gone. She was there for another sign, not to gain five pounds on junk food. This guy didn’t seem that intent on finding anything. Maybe she should be more careful. 
“Do you think we could do something to summon him?” 
“I don’t imagine so. Do you like to dance?” Another bottle rattled from his pack and he popped the top with a church key. 
“Dance? No, not really. Well, sometimes. Not now. Anyway, how do you think we can find it?” 
“How about hang gliding? Or bungee jumping?”
“What? No. I’m talking about the thing.”
“But I want to know about you. What do you like to do? Do you enjoy revelry? You like beer, yes, when you have not signed away your right to drink it?”
“I was hoping you were going to help me here.”
“You are being obsessive. Let’s talk about something more interesting. Did you know this ale is one of the most expensive in the world? What do you think of that?”
What did she think? That all she hoped for was to see it again, to be reassured that life was okay, that someone would have noticed if she wasn’t going to be around anymore, that some supernatural wonderful being wanted her to know she mattered.
“You like eating, yes? I know some excellent restaurants. There is one in Paris—”
“Stop it. I have a boyfriend.”
He shrugged. “That won’t be a problem.”
“What’s wrong with you? Of course it’s a problem.”
“It doesn’t have to be.”
“All that beer is going to your head.”
“I was just thinking of something enjoyable we could do together. I thought we might keep each other company. Dum viviumus, vivamus. I could show you a good time.” His voice was grumpy now. His words were slurred and unhappy.
“You’re too old for me, for one thing.”
He made a disgusted sound. “How old are you?”
“Almost eight—seventeen. I’m only seventeen. I’m still in high school for your information. How old are you? Twenty-two? Three?”
“Where I come from, almost eighteen-year-olds have families, run households, know how to have fun.”
“Like I said, I’m taken.” If he hadn’t seen the thing too, she’d be out of there so fast.
Horatius studied the girl while he sipped another beer. She was truly quite beautiful, in an unusual way. Not like the women who tried to look like a thousand other women, with the same straight flat hair, the same painted face, the same sameness. This girl was different. With a spark in her eyes. She might be a fun companion for a time of frivolity. If she’s not too impertinent.
But her eyes would not turn from the sky. She truly was obsessed. Maybe it was a bad idea to say he’d seen the angel. His brain was not functioning at its best. Yesterday after he saved her and transfigured back to his human form, he went down off the headland and ran into a group of traveling graduate students. They befriended him in exchange for his endless supply of alcohol and exotic weed. Compliments of his powers of transmutation. He could change any matter into other matter.
In the wee hours of the morning, he’d fallen asleep next to their van in the car park, but when he awoke, they and their van were gone. How could he have been so weak? He had vowed to himself after the last debacle when he nearly lost his head that he’d never touch drink again. But the group’s joviality was contagious and swept him up. Just one bottle turned to many, and before he realized, he had failed. Again. 
He looked down at the bottle in his hand and had to banish the impulse to feel self-loathing. 
It was when he awoke next to the empty parking spot—with a raging hangover—that he saw the girl again. She dashed out of her car and toward the castle so fast that, with his head pounding, he could barely keep up. Her eyes had captivated him when he’d caught her midair and set her down on the ruin ground. The connection they’d shared in that brief encounter intrigued him enough to go after her today. Watching her from behind a crumbled stone wall, he realized what she was doing and intervened before she threw herself off the precipice again. 
Getting her down from the cliff without leaping a second time would be his next redemptive effort. Perhaps that good deed would apply toward his penance and the Celestials would count it toward him as worthiness. But how might I cause a girl so intent on a thing to abandon her crazy notion? 
A do-over of this whole conversation would be good. If he could win her over, not only could he save her, he might even convince her to share dinner with him. 
“Shall we call a truce? I’m sorry if I offended you. I am especially good at that, and for that, I apologize.”
A shrug of her shoulders was all he could elicit. He needed to get her to stop looking in the sky.
“Tell me about your family.”
“I don’t want to talk about them.” She shaded her eyes with her hand and studied a different section of the sky. She chewed on the end of her straw.
“If I may, I have a confession to make.”
“You have a problem with alcohol? You’re not single either?” The clouds had her attention and kept her distracted.
He ignored her accusations. “Don’t get upset.” 
Her shoulders bunched toward her ears again.
“I dare say, I didn’t really see what I said I did.”
That got her attention. She spun around completely this time, spilling her sack of trash.
“What do you mean? You weren’t here or you didn’t see my friends? What?”
“No, I was here. I saw you. And heard you talking to your friends. You thought you saw something fly past when you started to leap. You stumbled, there was a strong upward current. The sun flashed. Clearly, you were upset. You could have imagined anything. You can’t be faulted for that.”
She was upset now, that was certain. The plan was to distract her from the sky, not enrage her.
“I. Did. Not. Imagine. It.” Her hands were on her hips. Her face contorted into sharp, outrageous furrows and ridges.
“Things are not always as they appear.” Maybe she can be reasonable. 
“Why would you say that? What are you doing here?” 
Other tourists on the hill looked their way.
“When I saw you in the car park, I followed after you.” 
“You’re stalking me?” she yelled.
No, not reasonable. A man with a family turned from his wife and three kids, watching and listening like he was thinking of coming toward them. Horatius waved at him and smiled, signaling there wasn’t any problem. It took a moment, but he turned back to his family.
“Calm down. I just recalled you from yesterday and wanted to make sure you were not distressed, that you were all right.”
She turned toward the sea, away so he could not see her face. Her voice broke when she said, “Well, I’m not all right, okay?”
This was all going wrong. It’s the drink. The potent brew masked his discernment and he just kept making everything worse each time he opened his mouth. He almost reached out to offer her a comforting hand, but then checked himself, realizing he couldn’t judge if that would be appropriate. He wasn’t even sure he could direct his hand in the right direction and not do something regrettable, the drink had so multiplied every image in his vision. So instead, he kept his hands to himself and brought up people he hoped would be pleasant for her to think of.
“Say, what happened to your friends? They looked liked some amiable companions.”
“Oh no!” She twisted around. “What time is it?”
“I have no timepiece. Why?”
“I have to get back. My plane!” She dashed away, then came back, grabbed her trash and flip-flops, contemplated the trash and tossed the bag to Horatius and ran away again.
Finally—she turned her mind from the sky. Maybe now she would agree to let him take her to Paris. He tried to get up to follow after her. The ground teetered and the sky spun, but at least she wasn’t going to jump. He tried to brush pieces of grass from his Armani jeans, but he had trouble controlling his hands. Good thing I didn’t try to reach out to touch the girl. He looked to where she’d disappeared down the steps to leave, set his goal on reaching that same exit, and put one foot in front of the next to follow after her.
The panic inside Chloe was growing. The airport was so far away. The rental had to be turned in. She flew down the stairs as fast as her sandals allowed, back up the steep incline, and on toward the parking lot. A gaggle of camera-snapping tourists clotted the path. She pushed through them. “Does anyone have the time?”
Several shrugged and one waved his hands and spoke a different language at her. There’s no time for charades, you people! She squeezed past them and sprinted toward the car.
When she got to the parking lot, she couldn’t breathe anymore and had to stop running. With her hand clutching the sharp pain in her side, she limped as fast as she could, huffing and blowing, to the car door. She pulled the handle. 
It was locked.
She patted her pockets. Where are the keys? She remembered jumping out of the car to hightail it to the ruin.
She held the flip-flops on the window like blinders to look inside and moaned. She ran around the car yanking on the handle of every door. Several times. 
They were all locked.
She ran around the car again, then settled at the driver door, pulling and yanking as though it would open if only pulled enough times.
“Oh no! What am I going to do?”
The tall Arab-looking guy came lumbering through the parked cars.
“I locked the keys inside,” Chloe yelled. “What am I going to do? The plane leaves at two-ten. It’s already…Oh no! My phone is locked in the car!”
“No need to panic. I will go to Stonehaven and find a locksmith. It won’t take long. It’s not even a mile away.”
“There’s no time! Do you know what time it is?” she said, the panic keeping her from thinking clearly. “Don’t you have a phone?”
“I would guess it is probably one-thirty. Don’t fret so. I will hurry.”
“We should just break the window. Break the window! I can’t miss my flight. What am I going to do?” She sank onto the ground against the car, holding back the tears trying to spill.
He smiled a sappy grin, like her life wasn’t falling apart. “No need. You might hurt yourself. I’ll be quick. I will be back before you know it.”
He turned and disappeared behind a big SUV.
How could I be so stupid? What if she didn’t make it back in time? Todd would be so worried if she missed the plane. No. I can’t think like that. I’ll make it. I have to.
CHAPTER 6

Horatius stumbled out of sight. He went as far down the row of vehicles as he could get and sagged against the tire of a parked truck. He was out of power and couldn’t let the girl see him transfigure. I’ll transfigure, recharge and sober up. Then he could change back and determine the best solution to correct the problem. He knew he'd come up with a plan. As soon as  he cleared his head and got more energy. Then he'd do it all before Satarel had a chance to perceive his location.
Horatius tried to clear his mind. By Hades, that was some powerful beer. 
He concentrated. It was difficult. Ah, there it is. 
He erupted into his celestial form.
He barely registered his own change when Satarel materialized in front of him. There had not even been time to scan the Chatter for his father's proximity. Satarel’s flaming sword flashed. Horatius had a billionth of a nanosecond to move. And he did. He was out of the Chronos Band before the flame sliced through him.
Satarel’s henchmen were waiting for him in the Corridor. The three of them formed a triangle of fire, each at a vertex with a wall of flame between each point. Fire filled the center. Horatius shot right through it.
The canopy of fire sapped his strength. He fought to keep flying upward. Cursing, he combated the pain and depletion. In spite of his effort, his ascension through the heavens decelerated. He slowed and came to a halt. He hovered a mere second and started falling back toward the henchmen’s fire. Satarel flew in a circle outside the flaming triangle, waiting for Horatius. His murderous thoughts told Horatius his end would not be easy. 
What a fool I was to help the girl. He would lose his soulless existence because of her.
Satarel lifted his blazing blade. It would skewer Horatius. Satarel was letting it take as long as it would, surely relishing every second.
“Come on down, dear son,” Satarel said with venom. “I have missed your companionship.”
Seven flashes of light suddenly appeared around them. The fire between the three henchmen flickered and extinguished. The Pure were interceding on his behalf. A good sign for his status. 
Or they just don’t like the Fallen in this sector right now.
Whichever it was, Horatius would accept it—good luck or miraculous intervention.
The Pure engaged Satarel and his followers in battle and Horatius continued to fall toward the Chronos Band. Though his speed was worrisome, he gained some control—enough to slow his acceleration through the dimensions and his reentry into time. A little.
To avoid giving Satarel even one more second to track him, Horatius transfigured back into human form in an implosion of light the very moment he materialized in the corporeal realm. But his momentum threw off his calculations. I’m coming in too fast and too high!
He crashed down and spun across the ground, rolling head over heels in a spinout, kicking up dirt and dried weeds. A tree abruptly stopped his forward tumble and he bounced back, landing flat on his back.
Before he blacked out, he realized he had no idea where he was.

***

Chloe paced around the car, looking every five seconds down the row of vehicles where the man had disappeared. He’d been gone several minutes. She wasn’t sure how many. But she knew it was too much. I have to leave now.
A big rock was near her car and she snatched it up. She ran at the car and crashed it against the glass of the passenger window. The rock bounced off and flew out of her hand.
She ran after it and picked it back up. The second time, she held on tighter and really followed through.
The window cracked and crunched. But it didn’t get her into the car. And it hurt her palm. She switched the rock to her other hand.
Another try made the glass bulge. She found a two-hand-sized rock and tried again. The window broke into pieces, clicking little squares of glass everywhere. She hammered at it with the rock, ignoring the bruises on her palms. When a hole opened large enough, she reached in and unlocked the doors.
She raced around the car, opened the door and jumped in. Gravel scattered from beneath her tires. The clock glowed at her from the dashboard. It’s going to be way too close.
Todd’s phone went straight to voicemail, the greeting broken up into scattered bits of his voice. She tried Kaitlyn, but as soon as it started to ring, the call dropped. Three more tries for Todd’s but the signal disappeared. She looked up and swerved back into the center of her own lane and sent a quick text to Kaitlyn that she was on the way, but it wouldn’t send. Ah! Stupid phone! She wanted to throw it out the hole in the window. Forty-five minutes to drive fifteen miles, turn in the car, and get into the airport. If she broke all the speed limits and didn’t get stopped or go off the road, she’d make it. Please make the plane be delayed.
CHAPTER 7

Chloe careened into the car rental drop-off twenty-five minutes before takeoff.
“I need to do an express drop off. My flight is leaving.” 
The man standing at her window bent over and looked through the driver’s side over to the passenger window where a few shards of glass still clung to the frame of the window. She handed him the bundle of rental papers Tricia’s mom had left inside the car. He slowly reached for the cardboard sleeve then unfolded himself and walked around the car slower than Nana with her walker.
“Come on, grandpa,” she mumbled. She hammered the stirring wheel with her fists. “Can’t you move faster?”
When he got around to the broken window, he bent down again and peered through the hole at her.
“Well, now. Seems you must have had a little trouble, uh...” He fumbled through the packet, searching for something. She wanted to get a hold of his slow Scottish voice and rip it out of his throat. He squinted at several forms fanned out in his hand. “…Mrs. Tao?” 
Uh-oh. “It’s a married name, okay? We got the extra insurance.” At least I think that's what Tricia said. “It will cover it, right? I need to go. I have a plane. It’s leaving any minute.”
“Now, getting through security will take much longer than that. There’s going to be some paperwork here with me before you can even leave the car.”
“Please! I need to go. Can’t you just take care of it for me? I can’t miss my flight.”
He continued to stare through the hole at her for a moment. Or for an hour. She wanted to scream. 
“All right then, but I’ll need you to sign a form, then I suppose I will be able to take care of it. You should leave more time for these things you know. If you don’t have the extra insurance, if I run into any problems, I’ll have to put the charge on the credit card you used to rent the vehicle. It will just be added to your bill and you will have to work out any problems you have with your credit card company. There is a Web address I can give you where you can check the status and see what kind of charge is added, if there is any charge added. It might be—”
“Just get me the form.” There was no other option. She'd have to sign as Mrs. Tao. She grabbed the extra flip-flops and jumped out of the car.
He sauntered to his station and picked up a clipboard. She snatched it from his hands. 
“Where do I…here? Okay.” She scribbled what she hoped would pass for Mrs. Tao’s signature. “There. Thanks.” And she sprinted toward the doors of the airport, ignoring the man calling out that he hadn’t given her the Web address.
She ran all the way, in spite of her sandals flopping, even once she was inside.
The security lines were too long. She squeezed past everyone, snagging on their computer bags and purses. Indignant glares and profane words tried to hold her back.  
Because she had no choice, she pushed ahead. “I’m sorry. My flight's leaving. I already went through. Excuse me. I’m sorry. Please. See? No luggage here. Just extra flip-flops. Excuse me. My plane is going. Excuse me.” 
She raced past a small group congregated at a desk, then ducked under a security rope. She threw her phone and Kaitlyn’s flip-flops into a bin and headed toward the metal detectors, ignoring all the complaints from other passengers. 
“Miss, you must stop. I need to see your documents first. Miss, come back here!”
You don’t have to yell. Out of her back pocket she yanked her boarding pass and jabbed it at one of the guards. Guys, you don’t have to hover like this.
The grumpiest guard snatched the pass and inspected it. “You can't jump the queue and run ahead like you did,” he snarled at her. “That’s how you get yourself thrown to the ground.”
“I need to get to my gate. My plane leaves in—” A clock on a high cross beam down the corridor glared at her. “—seven minutes.” She had made it! 
“I need to see your passport, too.”
“I showed you last time I came through, remember? I was with the blond with the viola?”
“I’ll need to see it.”
“It’s in my bag. At the gate. I’ll go get it and bring it to you, okay?”
She smiled but he wouldn’t smile back.
“You will need to follow me.”
What a relief! She was getting an escort to the gate. The security agent was talking into his walkie-talkie. He would ask the plane to wait.
He led her down the main corridor. Then turned down a side hallway. Another guard walked behind her.
“Wait. My plane is that way.” 
“Come with me.” He went down the hall and opened a door. He gestured for her to go in first. 
The other one crowded up close behind her. “You won’t be going to your plane right now.”

***

Three hours later they let her go. By escorting her out the front door. 
All she had with her were her phone and the flip-flops. They’d confiscated the boarding pass. They sent someone to look at the gate where she’d left her bag with Kaitlyn. There was no sign of it. And they lectured her for asking someone else to carry on a bag for her. She tried to explain she hadn’t intended to have Kaitlyn carry it on, just sit with it till she returned and carried it on herself.
They looked at her like she was a terrorist. They even eyed her extra footwear—the flip-flops—as though suspecting they had something to do with a plot. Right, like she was a Flip-Flop Bomber.
They’d told her to call the U.S. consulate to apply for a temporary passport. But she’d have to wait until Monday. They were closed Saturday and Sunday.
With no destination, she wandered down the walkway. She stumbled to a bench isolated in an oasis of grass. Crumpling onto the seat, she tried not to cry. The tightness in her throat made that hard. But all the other crying she’d done in the last three hours had done nothing to help. She was still a girl stranded in a foreign country without a passport. Or her boyfriend. Or any money.
She pulled out her phone. Finally, it has four bars. A call to Todd went straight to voicemail. Of course. He can’t answer. He’s on the plane. They didn’t like people to talk on cell phones on the plane. It made them crash or something. 
Who should I call? Anyone but Mom or Dad. But she couldn’t think of who could help. She scrolled up and down her contact list, searching for someone, but none of her friends could do what she needed. Okay, then. There’s no choice. Mom. Mom could send her some money. It would be a lot easier to talk to her than to her father. Besides, she didn’t have his cell number. The new one he got after he moved out.
She pushed a button and the ringing started.
After five rings, Benji, her four-year-old brother, answered.
“Who is this?”
“Hi Benji. It’s Chloe. Put mom on the phone.” Her voice cracked.
“Chloe is gone. She went to Scott’s to play cello.” And he hung up.
Chloe redialed as fresh tears leaked down her cheeks.
“Who is this?” he said.
“Benji, don’t hang up. This is Chloe. I am Chloe. I need to talk to Mom. Where is Mom?”
“You with Scott?” His preschool had a boy named Scott who he got confused with Scotland.
“No, sweetie. Scott’s not here. Listen Benji.”
“Super Why’s over. He put a watermelon in the swimming pool. And it went—” He made some funny sounds that faded away from the phone.
“Benji, come back. Listen. Where’s Mom? I need her. Go get her. Don’t hang up. Just go get Mom.”
“Cleo got Clifford all wet. Can I watch Clifford? Nana says I can not watch. It’s time for her show now. Can I?”
“Sure. If you go get Mom. Go find Mom, will you?”
“My truck broke. But it didn’t break. But the wheel fell off. Hunter pushed me down. It went—” More noises fluttered into the phone.
“Listen to me. Please. Go. Get. Mom.”
“I’m going to be a cowboy today. Tomorrow I’m going to be a army man.”
“A cowboy, good. Benji, be a good cowboy and get Mom for me.”
“Nana wants to talk.” 
“No! Don’t give Nana the—” 
“Hello?” Nana’s scratchy voice answered.
Chloe sniffed up a bunch of tears, trying to get a hold of herself. “Nana, I need Mom. Tell Benji to go get her.” She shouted each word, one by one, hoping Nana had her hearing aid in and was having a coherent moment.
“Hello?” 
Benji was in the background making train noises, but he was fading out. Then Nana’s voice became distant while she spoke to Benji about his shoes and socks. Her voice and the TV cut in and out like the phone couldn’t pick up all the sounds.
“Pick up the phone, Nana. Benji, can you hear me? Benji? Nana? Mom?”
Chloe waited and listened. The TV continued to cut in and out around the open air space in the phone. Now and then Nana laughed or shouted out dollar amounts. 
“Is anybody there?” Chloe wailed. “Pick up the phone!” The broken sounds popped in and out. “Pick up the phone.” 
Loud rustling muffled the other noises. Finally. Nana was picking up the phone. But then electronic tones cut into Chloe’s ears like hot pokers. 
“Nana, stop pushing the buttons. Listen to me. It’s not the remote. Nana, it’s the phone. Talk on the phone!”
Then it went dead. 
She pushed the speed dial for home again, shaking so much it was hard to hold the button down.
It was busy. 
Seven more times, and it was still busy.
Frantically, she called her mom’s cell. After the first ring, it popped over to voicemail. Her phone wasn’t on. As usual.
The home phone was still busy.
She tried Todd’s phone again. Just in case the captain had said it wouldn’t make them crash to answer their phones just then.
No answer. Probably a good thing. She didn’t want to be responsible for bringing a plane down.
Because there was absolutely no other option, she would try her father’s office, just in case he was working on the weekend. 
Voicemail.
“Dad, it’s me, Chloe. I’ve got a problem. Now, don’t get mad. I missed my plane and, and—” The sobs kept her from going on. She tried to get a few words out, but her weeping was out of control. She got out “passport” and “stay” and “alone” but couldn’t form a sentence. Her phone beeped in her ear. A flash of hope shot through her. Someone’s calling. Mom must have gotten the message. Or maybe it’s Todd!
She looked at the phone. She stared at it in stunned disbelief. It was dark. Blank. Still. She pushed “send” several times. She shook it. Nothing. It was dead. The battery is dead!
CHAPTER 8

Chloe bawled until she couldn’t feel anything anymore. Passersby became visible when she came up for air. No one bothered her. They left her alone on the bench to suffocate alone under her blanket of despair. 
Hiccups jerked her every few seconds. Todd flooded into her thoughts. Pain jolted through her, fierce and physical. Why would he have been with Rebecca? Because you’re worthless. His behavior made no sense. They needed to talk and straighten things out. Rebecca must have lied to him. Maybe even attacked him. Such a skank. What if he thought Chloe didn’t want to see him? He might think she missed the plane because she didn’t want to be with him. She had to talk to him.
Then she thought of her dad. He’s going to be so ashamed of me. Not only for losing the competition, but for totally screwing up getting home. 
Mr. Pozorski would be furious and probably kick her out of orchestra. He’ll probably take away the scholarship he’d promised me for our Brazil trip. 
But none of that would matter because she’d be rotting in a foreign prison for trying to blow up a plane with Kaitlyn’s flip-flops.
The sky was growing dark. Where would she spend the night? Would the bench be her bed until some cop found her and dragged her off to jail?
She didn’t have more than five pounds and some coins in her pocket. She didn’t even know what the coins were worth. Maybe a penny. Maybe a hundred dollars. She had no idea. 
The sidewalk leading away from the airport seemed familiar. The hotel where they’d stayed wasn’t very far from the airport. She headed back there where she could ask for help before the cops found her and hauled her away.
Without her Colorado Rockies to show which way was west, she got completely turned around and lost, going by the same place at least three times in one hour. By the time she found the hotel again, the sky was dark and her feet hurt.
At the front desk, a young guy greeted her with way too much enthusiasm.
When she shuffled to the counter, he grinned and said in a thick Scottish accent, “Good evening. How may I help you?”
“Um, I…” The treacherous tears started again. “I’m sorry.” She sniffed and tried to calm her voice and stop the tears, but her mouth wouldn’t open without the risk of sobs blurting out.
Looking confused and uncomfortable with his enthusiasm all but gone, the guy fumbled with several items on his desk then settled for pulling a pack of tissue from a drawer and pointing it at her.
After blowing her nose, she said, “I lost my passport. And missed my plane. And my phone is dead. And my luggage is in the hold of a plane over the Atlantic. And Benji keeps hanging up on me. And—” Her language went foreign and coherent sounds had no part of what came out of her mouth. While the sobs soaked into the tight wad of damp tissue held in a bundle at her lips, the desk clerk got real fidgety. He looked younger than Chloe and couldn’t possibly know he was supposed to do something. So she bucked up and tried to wipe her cheeks dry with the saturated tissue.
Deep breath. “Do you have a phone I can use?”
Relief flooded his face when he had something concrete to focus on. “Is it a local call?”
“I need to call someone at home. In America.”
“What’s your room number?”
“I checked out this morning.”
“Phone’s for guests only.”
“It was just a few hours ago.”
He got fidgety again. “Um, sorry. I can’t.”
“Can I use your computer?”
“That’s for guests only, too.”
She pulled all the money out of her pocket and spread it out on the lacquered counter. A few coins rolled and spun before they fell flat. “I’ll pay you for a phone call. Please. It will be quick. Or just send an e-mail for me. Please!”
“Can’t, not without a room number. Just got the desk. Don’t want to go back to being a bellhop. Waited a year to get here. Just can’t do that.”
“Please?”
He shook his head again. “Sorry.”
Chloe mouthed “never mind” and gathered up her money. Who would she call that would answer anyway? She went to one of the couches and flopped down.
Guests passed by and she sat coma-like. They walked through her line of vision but she just stared straight ahead. They disappeared when images of Todd blinded her. His expression was angry, then sorrowful, then surprised—like when she found him with Rebecca.
“How long do you plan to stay? This area is really for the guests.” 
Todd dissolved. The young clerk hovered nervously next to the couch. She found just enough strength to turn her head toward him. But she didn’t lift her eyes. They fell on a storage room. The cloak room where they’d checked the large instruments rented for the musicians who couldn’t afford to buy an extra seat to carry their own on the plane.
She popped up and pointed at the closet. “This morning I turned in a cello I’d rented and they put it in that room. Do you think it’s still there?”
“Don’t know. I came on at five.”
“Could we check? It’s actually rented through the weekend, till midnight tomorrow, technically.”
“I don’t believe I’d be authorized—”
“Please!” She jumped up toward him. He stepped back with a worried twitch around his eyes. “I won’t go anywhere with it. I could play music here in the lobby. I’d just set up a tip dish. I won’t bother anyone. Please, just let me try. I need to earn money. I’ll give you half of what I get. Please.”
He thought long and hard, twitching the whole while, before he finally walked to the closet, looking over his shoulder as though his supervisor would sweep down on him any second.
Inside were the dark silhouettes of string basses, cellos, and a couple of tubas. “That one, there. It’s the one I used.”
He turned on the light and Chloe got the cello. She also grabbed a small glass bowl from the counter that looked like a tip jar for the cloak room. The clerk nearly grabbed it back when she picked it up, but somehow he managed to rein in his trepidation and let her take it.
A wooden chair with an upholstered seat cushion was not far from the entrance, next to an antique side table with a bouquet of orchids. The tip bowl went on the floor in front of her and she primed it with the money from her pocket. After a moment to decide, she began playing a Bach’s cello suite from her last recital. Number Three. 
The clerk stood very close, as though he would reach out and grab the cello away from her if it appeared she’d hurt it or make horrible noise. But as soon as the notes started to sing out, he took a couple of hesitant steps backward and gave her some space. He eventually went back to his post and left her alone.
The acoustics of the high ceiling magnified her tone. The music soothed her soul like a balm. The fear and panic lessened and she got lost in the beauty and familiarity of playing. For a short time, she even forgot everything and just became one with the music flowing through her and the instrument.
Within an hour, the bottom of the bowl was filled with coins. She stopped a minute to look around the lobby. Hotel guests passed by, some dressed in satin and sequins going out and others in shorts coming in. This time she played Bach’s suite Number One and noticed what was going on around her. People stopped and listened, smiling for a moment as the music wrapped around them, then the bowl clinked when they dropped in their change. By midnight, the bowl was half full. Chloe asked the clerk if she could keep playing. No longer skittish about her, he said he got off at two and she could play until then.
Before starting again, she took a quick break, cradling her tip jar close, and went into the restroom. Her hair was a frizzy mess and her mascara had made raccoon eyes. No wonder she was getting so many tips. Everyone feels sorry for me. She used a wet, rough paper towel to wipe the black circles from around her eyes, never setting down the jar of money. Her hair was a different matter. Finger combing it hardly made any difference.
Before playing again, she bought a bottle of Coke and a Galaxy candy bar from a vending machine. When she asked the clerk about buying a phone charger, he said she’d be able to look in the gift shop when they opened at eight the next morning. He didn’t have a key to the retractable gate. 
By one-thirty, she poured out her coins in a loud clatter onto the clerk's desk and he helped her sort through and stack them into piles. Many of them were one or two pound coins, but one person had given her a paper bill.
“Blimey! I should take up the cello,” the clerk said. “Some bloke even gave you a ten pound note. You can play as long as you like as far as I care, you get money like that.”
But the passersby had trickled to only a couple of people now and then, so Chloe put the cello and tip jar down next to a loveseat and curled up on the brocade upholstery, hoping to reenergize with a moment’s rest.
With her eyes shut, images of Todd floated through her memory. Possible conversations unfolded in her imagination, testing out scenarios to get out what needed to be said. In her mind, he was repentant for all he’d done and was ready to start fresh. A vision of him taking her into his arms comforted her and she slipped into deep unconsciousness.
CHAPTER 9

A throbbing skull woke him up. He lifted his head carefully to keep from rattling anything. Where in Hades am I?
A field surrounded him, brown and dead, obviously long past harvest. And it was not a modern field. The rows had been plowed one at a time, each weaving a crooked line across the field. Perfect. All I need is to land in some medieval society. He had been enjoying the modern amenities. 
Manure from the ancient field smudged his jeans. He pulled himself off the ground and cursed Satarel for pestering him so incessantly while he brushed at the mess. He condemned the girl who had exposed him to Satarel, he swore oaths at the oxen that had manufactured the dung on his trousers, and vilified the witless peasant who put the manure on the field where he had materialized.
Of course, his profanity would not help him get the eternal redemption he sought. But really, it couldn’t be helped. The world is full of idiots, and those idiots are interfering with my plan. Everything and everyone was working against him.
“Blast those humans,” he shouted into the vast, gray sky. It made his temples pulsate. He clutched his head and moaned. The frigid air was his only solace, soothing the hot pain.
What a ridiculous state. If his mother had not been human, he would not have inherited all the many weak traits of man. How was he ever to shed the damnation of the Fallen and gain a chance at redemption if he could not shake their wretchedness? “Blast it all!” he said in spite of his headache. He slapped some more at the muck on his trouser knee.
It only made them worse. He would have to drain some of his strength and change his wardrobe.
He closed his eyes, concentrated on the molecular makeup of his clothes, and transmuted them. He felt the power go from him as he did, and he staggered a step before reopening his eyes. 
The new apparel was not only clean and dry but warmer, and quite stylish for the times. He designed it based on what John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster, wore to his second wedding in 1396. 
Instead of his designer jeans and Hugo Boss polo, now he wore a jade jerkin with ornate braiding, thick breeches of brocade, a sword, scabbard, and a small dagger. Fine leather boots replaced his high tops. Plus a wool cape and a cap with a bright purple feather draping along its side, and a bulging bag of coins dangled from his belt. John was quite the likable fellow, with his charm, his wit. Dressed like him, Horatius was sure to appeal to all those he encountered.
A cart came into view over the next hill, growing in height as it crested the summit. Maybe it came from a town. It would be good to find civilization and get information about where he was. And get a drink. Just one small drink. For my headache.
Horatius followed the path down to meet the cart in the saddle between the two hills. At the front of the gray weather-worn wagon stooped a man with a thick neck and a big flushed head topped by wispy white hair. A rope in his fist led the snorting ox hitched to his flat, rickety cart rolling on huge wheels made of wood. The cart was filled with straw and a twig of a boy with bright red cheeks perched on the very top of the pile. White clouds of breath poured from his mouth into the cold air like a smoke stack.
“Tell me, from which town do you come? And how far beyond is it?”
“O’er the next hillock. Edinburgh.”
“And what is the year?”
The man gave him a sideways glare and his scowled deepened.
“Please. The year? It seems to have slipped my mind.”
The man stepped around Horatius, like he might catch something from him. “The year of our Lord fifteen-hundred and sixty-two. O’ course.”
“Aye, that is it! Now I remember. But, the month? Tell me the month.”
“You are a lunatic Infidel, you are.” He spit over his shoulder. “ ’Tis February. Anyone wi’ half a mind knows it. Wha’ are you abou’ here? Trouble, ’tis wha’ all you Infidels are for.”
“No need to fret, good man. I have no ill will toward you.” You racist imbecile.
Horatius threw the man a coin to pay for the information and to appease him. He didn't need any more trouble. He nodded at the trembling youngster up high in the cart and trudged up the hill. Well, I’ve landed in the same country, different century. Fan-damnable-tastic!
Before long he was at Netherbow Port, an entrance into Edinburgh. The arched gate was flanked by two round towers, all made of stone bricks. Above the arch were two fresh heads and an old withered leg, displayed to discourage would-be criminals. Black birds were busily pecking at the gruesome appendages. Unfortunately, the body parts didn't deter the gatekeeper who was manning the gate from robbery. The keeper was demanding an exorbitant entry tax on each head coming in. 
Horatius shuffled and stomped his feet, waiting behind clusters of families, packed carts, and snorting horses for his turn to enter. The crowd was restless with the cold and pushy to get through. The lump on top of his head throbbed worse and he was in no mood to delay his relief at the nearest pub.
A pathetic woman on foot, dressed in ragged black, and her three pitiful children, stepped up to the greedy watchman. When she handed him her coin, the gatekeeper demanded from her twice the amount she gave. Anger flared in Horatius for the imposition the man was causing, slowing the line and delaying his drink. Turning the churl to dust had sudden, great appeal. But then he remembered. This could actually be a chance to make up for some of his sins. Instead of wiping out the man, he stepped up to champion the poor, wretched woman.
“Leave the woman be, man. I shall pay her passage.”
“She must needs to pay her own way,” the pock-scarred man said, not quite as confident once he took in Horatius’ size.
“Take this for us all and put an end to this ill will,” Horatius growled. He handed over two groats. “Take it or be sorry.”
The keeper grouched a couple of times, but when he inspected the coins, his thin lips smirked for a brief moment.
“Get on through there then,” he said with a swift wave of his hand. “You are blocking me port and slowing the day’s progress.”
As Horatius passed by him, he willingly drained some of his energy and changed all the coins to sand in the gatekeeper’s money sack. The woman hustled her children away but Horatius wished to solidify his good work in the eyes of any of the Pure watching. He reached out and touched the woman’s shoulder, calling to her. When she turned, her haggard face broke into a seductive smile.
“Aye?” When her lines of worry relaxed, she wasn’t completely ugly. “You wish me to repay you now?”
“I just wanted to give you these.” He handed her a handful of sovereigns. 
She gasped when she looked in her hand. “Oh sir, I will do whatever you desire to repay you.”
“You have already repaid me by accepting the money. Go in peace and goodwill.” He left quickly to get away before she could say any more. The last thing he needed was to stay and get involved with a woman with too many children and too little sense. 
What he did need was a tall, cool tankard of ale. Just one. Then he could relieve the throb in his head and make a plan. A pub called Ainslie Tavern along Cowgate in central Edinburgh would do just fine to ease his thirst. Horatius hurried across the threshold, eager to get out of the cold. Inside, the warmth relieved the frosty bite on his face, and the smoky aroma of meat welcomed him well. When he approached the bar, he overheard the barkeep tell a maid to keep William Keith’s tankard filled, and gestured across the room. Horatius spun around at the mention of his old friend’s name.
At a table far in the back corner, Keith sat with a foam-topped tankard of ale. Keith had passed over twenty years on earth since Horatius had last seen him. The Highlander’s hair had thinned and lost its color, letting his red scalp show through the thin white strands that were left. His head and nose had thickened, and his ears hung low and large. 
Horatius slid onto a high-backed carved chair across from Keith. “Hello, Will.” 
Keith raised his head off the backrest of the chair and opened his eyes.
“Horace, is that you?” He squinted hard. “God’s teeth, you look good.” He stood and reached up to poke Horatius’ cheek. Then he took hold of his chin and turned him side to side to inspect him. “You have faired better than I o’er the years. You have not aged a mite. Must be that stubborn Arab hide of yours.” With a hearty laugh, he rubbed the top of his own balding head. His smile faded and his brow creased. “What happened to you? I feared you dead after that bad business. That storm, the lightening strike, you disappeared. I ne’er understood what really took place. My men came, but then MacKay made his escape and I thought he must have taken you with him. By the Rood, it is good to see you again!” His smile brightened and he laughed again as he grasped Horatius’ forearm into his palm and heartily patted Horatius’ shoulder.
“How have you been?” Horatius said, genuinely pleased to be so greeted by his old friend.
“About to lose me mind of late.” He sat back down, signaling Horatius to sit too, and took a quick swig from his tankard. “Me daughter, Agnes, is getting married on the morrow and it will be me end, no doubt. Queen Mary is planning the pageantry and between her and me wife, it is unbearable. Why could they not just run away together? Nay, me daughter had to go and catch the eye of the queen’s own half brother.”
“One of the dead king’s bastards.” 
“Aye, James Steward, Queen Mary’s favorite. You should attend. It would be good to have you there. God’s bones, I have missed you. We had many a good time together, aye? I cannot tell the number of times I have thought of you o’er the years. I am happy you are alive.”
“I am trying to walk more the straight and narrow since our days together,” Horatius said with a chuckle to hide the regret. Those were good times they shared.
“I hope you have not been too successful then. That would be a loss, for certes.” Keith grinned at Horatius, showing he had two less teeth than before. “Eat with me!” Keith waved at the serving wench to bring food and drink. “Let us remember old times together.”
Horatius was famished. He pulled out several coins to pay his fair share and told the serving wench to make sure the drinks did not stop coming.
Two hours passed of stuffing in juicy meat pies and tender pheasant legs and bannocks, swigging whiskey, and reminiscing about the time when Keith was young and carefree and Horatius forgot he was trying to be virtuous. They laughed and drank till their eyes dripped and they could not walk straight.
When they left the tavern, Horatius tried to remember why he was in town. The memory did not come. Nor could he remember what he had been doing before he came. Keith asked him where he was staying.
“I dunno,” Horatius slurred. “I don’t think I have made arrangements yet.” Sleep suddenly sounded even more inviting than another drink.
“Come with me, then. I have a room at the castle. You can stay there, too.”
They staggered together down Cowgate, then High Street, singing, tripping, laughing, and annoying everyone they passed.

***

The wedding took place at Saint Giles with John Knox officiating the elaborate, ostentatious ceremony. Knox was reserved and condescending. He despised Queen Mary and her excessive pomp. She had lavished every possible extravagance on the wedding, decorating the sanctuary in greenery, with candles so plentiful, Horatius feared any minute something would catch fire and the place would erupt in flame. Everyone in the wedding party wore shimmering silver and blue damask. Except Knox, of course, who stood rigid and stern in his black and gray tunic. Agnes Keith glowed in her bridal splendor and seemed oblivious to any display of disapproval from Knox. 
Horatius had experienced many encounters with Knox at different times through the years. They always enjoyed heated discussions on scriptural interpretation and spiritual perspectives. Knox both fascinated him and infuriated him, being insightful and astute, yet at the same time, so often pigheaded and wrong that Horatius wanted to knock him across the room. But because he was one of the few of that time period who actually had some understanding of biblical truths, after a long history of complete incompetence within religious institutions, Horatius kept going back for more. Oddly enough, he felt they were kindred spirits.
At the dinner following the ceremony, Keith re-introduced Horatius to his wife and then to his daughter, Agnes, regaling them with story after story of the exciting exploits Horatius and Will had shared in their youth, of course leaving out the stories unfit for mixed company. His wife listened with conserved dignity and Agnes laughed as much as Keith. They all got on so well, Keith insisted Horatius attend the masque planned at Holyrood for the wedding party that night. Horatius’ hangover almost kept him from accepting, but Keith assured him more ale would surly alleviate the affliction. 
Later, on the way to the ball when Horatius passed a side street intersecting with Canongate, a voice called out to him and he turned at the sound. A board slammed into his face.
Like a toppled stone statue he dropped to the ground. Someone grabbed his ankles and dragged him. Grunts and uneven jerks yanked him into the shadows of the side street. Around the agony of his flattened nose, his anger flared. Every century had its fool punk thugs and Horatius hated them all.
A growl rose from his gut, both from the pain and the indignation. This poltroon was going to pay. Horatius ripped his feet away and jumped up, charging his assailant and grabbing fistfuls of shirt and tartan. He ran him into the wall of the nearby building. He slammed him into the stone, repeatedly cracking his back and head against the rocks.
“You chose the wrong man to molest,” Horatius roared, punctuating each word with another crash against the rocks. Then he just kept smashing him against the wall.
“You…stole…me life,” the man got out between blows.
Horatius froze with the man suspended between his clenched fists and the wall. The face was old and scarred, and the ratty, yellow hair—now dull and filthy—would have gone unrecognized. In fact, he’d seen him in the pub without a thought. But the voice had been burned into his memory.
“MacKay?” The man’s shirt ripped and he writhed free, landing on the stony cobbles. 
He staggered and tried to gain his feet. “Jean was to be me wife, but because of you, she married another.” He shot up and slammed his head into Horatius’ gut. The force knocked the air out of him, as well as another evil curse. Fury obliterated his reason.
He grabbed MacKay and took him up into a fireman's carry on his shoulders. He whirled him around and slammed him down hard into a pile of crates and barrels on the other side of the narrow street. Horatius didn't let him lie, but picked him up again and threw him back against the stone wall. Then he sprang into the air and landed on Mackay with a crunch of breaking ribs. 
After sinking a few deep punches into MacKay’s kidneys, Horatius rolled off him and gathered up his limp form and lifted him high to hurl him again into the wall. But MacKay was already unconscious. His head was laid open and thick, red blood was draining out. A weak whistle of air seeped out his blue lips.
Horatius dumped him into a heap. What have I done? Reason returned. It would set him back a century if he killed someone.
“Angus, can you hear me?” 
Nothing. He pressed his fingers through the slick blood on Angus’ neck and felt for the pulse. He repositioned his hand and tried again to find the artery. Oh no! No pulse. Had his spirit left yet? Was he too far gone? What have I done?
CHAPTER 10

Panic woke Chloe, ripping her from where she teetered just inside the edge of sleep. A voice was back in her head. You’re all alone. No one loves you. When she opened her eyes, her surroundings sealed it for her. She truly was lost and alone in a strange country. And it was her own fault.
Her stomach growled at her and her teeth felt like she’d gargled with swamp sand. She needed to find food, get her phone charged and call Todd, call her mom, and figure out how to survive until they could rescue her.
She sat up from the loveseat, which faced away from the front desk and most of the lobby. She peeked over the back of the small couch. A different person manned the counter—a stern looking woman who was arguing with another woman about checkout times.
The cello was gone. And so was her bowl of money. She jumped up and ran around the loveseat searching for the money. No, no, no. Where is it?
“Hey, you there!” said the stern woman at the counter. “Where’d you come from? Come over here.”
“Have you seen my bowl of money?” Chloe snatched up the ten pound paper bill that she’d been lying on. She pulled a cushion off the couch to look for more, but before she could dig around, the woman from the counter was at her side.
“What are you, some kind of homeless bum off the street? You can’t come in here like this.” She grabbed the cushion from Chloe and raised it like she meant to hit her with it. “Go on. Now, get. Get!”
“I need to charge my phone. And I had a bowl of money.” But the woman wasn’t listening. Because she was calling down the corridor for security.
I’ve had enough with security for one lifetime. Chloe tucked the one bill into her pocket and dashed out of the door before anyone could haul her out. With the money gone and her phone still dead, she was back where she’d started, the whole night wasted. You’re hopeless. It was true. It would have been better if her jump had been successful.
Outside, she just started walking. The voice kept telling her terrible things. And they were all true. It was hopeless and it was all her fault. 
The aroma of cinnamon rolls swirled around her face. The smell came from a bakery surrounded by café tables filled with couples, friends, and families huddled under their maroon umbrellas. Everyone has someone. Except me.
The sweet smell of yeast and sugar pulled her inside. She had to eat. After standing in line a few minutes, she stepped up to the counter and concentrated on the menu hanging on the wall, working hard not to start crying. If Todd had been there, she’d be okay. He would make her feel safe. She wouldn’t be alone. He’d make everything okay.
But he isn’t here. And I need to hold it together till we can talk. 
The jumble of words on the menu became legible and her stomach reminded her where she was. A breakfast sandwich and a bottle of juice was the cheapest breakfast combo on the menu. She ordered and watched the sizzling maple bacon bubble and spit on the grill behind the cashier. It made her stomach growl loud enough that the man heard it. 
Chloe rubbed her stomach. “Guess I’m hungry.” She gave him her order.
“Aye. Eat in or take away?”
“Take away. That's cheaper, right?”
“Aye. That’ll be four pounds, sixty then.” Across the counter he slid a frosted bottle of orange juice and he tucked a steaming sandwich with egg falling out the edges into a paper sleeve.
Chloe reached into her pocket for the money. Wrong pocket. She tried the other. It wasn’t there either. She checked the first again, digging deeper. Where did I put it? She opened her phone case to see if she’d stuck it inside. Was she losing her mind? You are losing your mind the incessant voice said.
“Hang on a sec, I had it here somewhere.” While she checked her back pockets, the cashier pulled the breakfast combo back out of reach. The bill wasn’t by her feet. Maybe it had fallen out of her pocket. “I’ll be right back, okay? I had it….”
After searching back and forth through the entrance and outdoor eating area three times, Chloe retraced her steps on the sidewalk all the way back to the hotel. The weather had whipped up and was blowing in thick clouds. Maybe the money had blown off the sidewalk. She followed her route back to the bakery, checking along the sidewalk, in the grass and shrubs.
She passed a churchyard that had a small wrought-iron fence with pieces of trash blown up against the rails. Several people, holding their jackets closed against the wind, stood chatting on the grass surrounded by the fence. A cluster of elementary-aged boys were in a huddle near one end of the fence.
“I saw it first. It’s mine,” one boy said swiping his blowing hair out of his eyes.
Another argued with him, but he was half the size of the first.
“Mum! Mum, look what I found!” He broke away from the group of boys and ran to the adults. “I found ten quid!”
Chloe’s heart jumped. Then it sank. Sank even lower than it already was. No way could she convince anyone that was her money. It’s hopeless. The voice was her sole companion. You’d be better off gone.
She turned from the fence and went over to a low concrete wall and sat, defeated. She could no longer hold back the deluge of sobs. Her body shook and shuddered, completely out of her control. She hid her shame by shielding her face with her palms, spilling her pain against her hands. Rain started to fall, but it didn’t matter. Nothing mattered.
“Miss, can I help you?” A man in a black shirt with a white collar rested his hand on her shoulder.
She lowered her hands but still couldn’t stop the weeping or form any words. 
“Come in and I’ll fix you a cup of tea. Come on, watch your step there. You’re going to be soaked through with rain if you stay here.”

***

A towel draped across her shoulders absorbed the rain dripping from her coiling hair. Though she tried to eat at a proper pace, her fork had a mind of its own, shoveling food in her mouth at a speed her mother would frown at. Sausages and eggs had never tasted so incredible.
“This is so good,” Chloe said as she pushed the clump of scrambled egg back into her mouth that didn’t quite fit in with the sausage.
“I get hungry after the morning services,” the vicar said. “But never enough to eat all Mrs. Henderson prepares for me. I’m glad to share it.”
They sat at a small oak table in the kitchen of the manse, which was attached to the church. Mrs. Henderson stood at the sink washing dishes. She turned and smiled at them when the vicar said her name.
Chloe smiled back and devoured her mouthful as politely as possible. She held her hand in front of her mouth to finish chewing.
“So it sounds like you are in quite a spot,” he said. “Your mum will be worried sick when the plane empties and you’re not on it.”
Thinking of her mother made the nerves in her stomach twinge. “She’s probably so mad she’s ready to leave me here. My dad is so going to kill me,” she said. “If she’s calling, I wouldn’t know it. My phone’s dead.”
“You can use our landline.”
Chloe felt like a total moron. “I don’t even know the number. Speed dial. The numbers are in my phone, and—”
“—your mobile is dead. Ah, I see. What kind of mobile have you got there?” Over the top of his half glasses he studied her cell. “Hmm, that is a fairly old one. I might have a charger that fits. You wouldn’t believe the number of things people forget in the pews. We found some phone chargers, didn’t we, Mrs. Henderson?”
“Aye, I’m sure we did,” she answered. She was up to her elbows in suds.
Chloe handed over her phone. He went to a drawer in the sideboard and pulled out a cardboard box heaped with stuff—a green mitten, several sunglasses, a tangle of electrical cords, and a toy helicopter and soldier. He came back to the table and dug through the box until he found three phone chargers.
The third one he tried fit, but it was a car charger.
“Well, looks like we will need a car then. I don’t have one, but Mrs. Henderson does. Since you're still washing up, do you mind if we use your car, Mrs. Henderson?”
“The keys are over by my pocketbook. Help yourself.” 
The vicar led Chloe to a small alley in back where a Honda was parked. He opened the door and gestured Chloe in. Inside smelled like cigarettes and a cardboard pine tree air freshener. The upholstery was split in several places and a pack of cigarettes lay on the passenger seat, which was covered in dog hair. She pulled open the ash tray, removed the lighter, and plugged in the phone cord.
“It might take a few minutes, might it?” he said. “I’ll leave you here for a bit while I tend some things. Once you finish your call, come find me, aye?”
Chloe nodded. As soon as he left, she powered it up. She watched the charging bar move across the face. Her breath came out in short huffs and her heart pounded. She dialed before the phone had time to retrieve any messages.
First she tried Todd’s number. No answer. He’s probably asleep.
Then, with a shaky hand, she dialed home. On the fifth ring, a very groggy voice answered.
“Hello?”
“Mom, it’s me, Chloe.”
Her mom screamed first. Then she said, “Are you okay? We’ve been worried sick.”
“I’m fine. I’m sorry. I locked my keys in the car. And missed the plane.”
“Jessie said you took off without telling anyone. She said Kaitlyn said you were going after someone. Someone said you stole a car. Oh Chloe, how could you?”
“They said what?”
“Why did you do it?”
“I didn’t. Kaitlyn knows where I went. Didn’t she tell you?”
“You know how Kaitlyn is. I never understand what she says. Jessie said you broke up with Todd. Tell me that isn’t true. You won’t find another boy like him. I’m counting on him for my son-in-law one day.”
“We had a misunderstanding is all. I just need to talk to him.”
“That’s a relief. I don’t know what I would have done.”
“Haven’t you talked to Todd?”
“I didn’t see him. When you weren’t on the plane, I nearly died.”
Chloe really needed to talk to him.
“I need my passport and I—”
“Your father is bringing it.”
“Bringing it?” You’ve really blown it now, the voice in her head said.
“His plane is landing at eleven-thirty, your time. I had to call him. What else could I do? He got the next flight he could.”
Chloe did not want to face her dad. “How mad is he?”
“Just make sure you’re there to meet him. That might help a little. He got your bag from Kaitlyn and he’ll bring you home.”
“You could have just overnighted my passport and some money.”
“When he sets his mind on something—”
Chloe started crying. It was the last thing she wanted to do. “All I wanted….” She couldn’t even remember now. It had been so stupid of her. You are stupid. 
“What were you thinking?”
“I’m sorry, Mom,” she sobbed. “I didn’t do it on purpose.”
“But that doesn’t undo it, does it? Your dad has a lot of stress right now. This doesn’t help. We’ve got to do better if we think he’s going to come back home.”
Chloe lowered the phone into her lap. What could she say to that? She couldn’t fix her parents’ marriage. They could all be perfect and Dad would still be unhappy with them.
She spun the cardboard pine tree and watched it twirl—first one way, then the other and back again—before she put the phone back to her ear.
“…back to sleep. Or at least try. I haven’t slept all night. When you get home, you and I are having a serious talk. We’ve all just been worried sick. I’ve had nightmares of horrible things happening to you. I hope Todd won’t be too angry with you. He probably had a horrible flight worrying about you.”
“If you see him, ask him to call me, okay? I really need to talk to him.”
“Don’t be late to the airport. Don’t keep your dad waiting. And when you get back, invite him in for something to eat, okay? I’ll have a nice meal made for him.”
Chloe stayed in the car trying to control the guilt and nausea that sat on her gut like a bowling ball. Shame on you. The voice was back in full force.
When she thought she could keep from crying, she returned to the manse. The vicar was pushing in chairs around the oak table. His smile dropped when he turned around and saw her.
“What is wrong, dear?” he said.
Chloe choked up and the tears started tumbling down her cheeks again. “My dad is coming. So he can kill me.”
The vicar put his arm around her shoulders and handed her a napkin from the table. “I’m sorry, lassie.”
She wiped her eyes and nose. “I suppose I’d better get to the airport. Thanks for all your help. You’ve been wonderful to me.”
“I’ll say some prayers for you. It sounds like you could use a little help from a higher power than me.”
Chloe gave him a quick hug. “Thank you.”
“That's all right. I’ll see if Mrs. Henderson can’t drive you to the airport.”
CHAPTER 11

Horatius would have to try to heal Angus MacKay all on his own. The act would deplete him greatly, but he had to save him. If it was not too late already. If it was too late, only They could heal him, and Horatius was not in a position to petition for that! 
Horatius bent over Angus, which sent pounding pain into his smashed nose. It felt as though his brain would rupture. But in spite of the agony, his fury evaporated. Too much was at stake. What if I can’t save him? Will any hope for my own redemption remain? Everything in him wanted to cry out to the heavens to restore the man, but he clamped his jaw tight. It might save Angus, but then Satarel could attack and behead him so fast, what would it matter anyway? Horatius would die unredeemed and all would be for naught. 
The impulse to listen in on the Chatter was another thing to quash. He so wanted to know how close an Escort was to claiming Angus’ spirit. But he needed to just stop worrying about the details and get on with healing him. If it was too late, it was too late. But if there was any chance, he needed to act now. So much blood was on the ground it seemed impossible for any to be left in Angus. The hemorrhage no longer pulsed out. It just drained onto the stones, collecting in the seams between the cobbles. If Angus was still in there, he would not be for long.
Horatius placed one hand over Angus’ chest, and one over his face. He fixed his attention to the cells of Angus’ broken body. Then he pulled energy out of his own body and directed it through his hands and into Angus. Mitochondria regenerated, electrolytes reacted, corpuscles started moving again. The chest below his hands expanded back into its normal shape. The blood stopped leaking and his skin regenerated.
Horatius could not breathe life back into an empty shell. His healing would only work if the body’s own spirit was still present. He watched and waited. He almost prayed, but again, he stopped himself in time. He was on his own. Again.
Did his lips just quiver? His nostrils twitch? Horatius lifted Angus’ eyelid to check his pupillary response. Just as he bent closer to see around his own swelling face, Angus sucked in a deep breath and jerked his head away from Horatius’ touch.
Horatius backed away and Angus shot up to his feet. The blood covering him left him looking quite frightful, especially with his wide open eyes gleaming as they did.
“Wha’ did you do to me?” 
“I am sorry. For everything.” Remorse hit Horatius anew. If he had not interfered in Angus’ life before with his betrothed, his whole life could have taken a different path. Now the pathetic results of his frivolous indiscretion stood before him in all the pain and agony of a wasted life. “Truly. I am sorry.” 
“Stay away from me,” Angus shouted. “Just dinna touch me again.” He gazed down at himself, inspecting his bloodied hands and torso, and he ran away, disappearing down the street.
Horatius dropped onto the ground, exhausted, defeated. So much energy had gone into healing Angus, he could not even walk. He needed to transfigure and heal his face, and reenergize. But not without first getting to Sanctuary and listening into the Chatter to safely ascertain Satarel’s location. The number of near calamities lately were unacceptable.
It took an eternity before Horatius finally found the will and power to stagger to his feet. The cracked bones of his face shot convulsing pains through his head. After his first three unsteady steps, he had to stop and lean against a building.
While he collected enough strength to attempt another three steps, he looked up and down the street—which was difficult for all the swelling in his face and eyes. For a Friday, it was abnormally quiet. Maybe everyone had closed up shop to attend the wedding festivities. He pulled himself away from the wall and went forward, determinedly aiming for Saint Giles church. His feet stumbled and his vision blurred. I better make it before I drop unconscious.
He timed each shaky step with the rhythm of breathing, concentrating on moving forward and staying upright. Striving to not look drunk did no good with all his staggering. Changing the millions of cells and chemical processes in Angus had depleted him far worse than any simple transmutation of basic elements. In addition, he could not help but fear he was in shock for the injury to his head. 
Every few steps he stopped to catch his breath, huffing through his teeth since his nose was of no use. His limbs trembled beyond control. When he passed the only two other people on the street, the one young child cried out and ran to his mother. She grabbed the boy and quickly crossed to the other side of the lane.
When he finally arrived at Saint Giles, he nearly fell inside the giant rib cage of stone archways and pillars to sink down onto a bench. I made it. And without his brain rupturing. 
Only after plenty of time was he able to turn his mind from his exhaustion and pain. Once he could concentrate, he lingered in silence, thinking. 
He thought of Angus and the wasted life. His life squandered because of Satarel’s desire to destroy Horatius. For no other reason than to do it. Because Satarel hated him. Because Satarel hates everyone. And he’d used Horatius in the process.
He thought of his own existence and how difficult Satarel had made it, ever since Horatius realized he wanted more than a fleeting time of exotic debauchery before the Day of Reckoning. The Fallen did not think of that day. That day did not bode well for them. And that was why Horatius had left the Brethren.
He wanted more. He wanted to have companionship. He wanted life. And to be able to dwell in ecstasy with They. He didn’t want to be condemned with his father and the others. But he didn’t know if he could avoid it. 
Could it be possible to win the redemption available to humans? He was half human after all. Or at least his mother had been human. He was something else entirely, something unique.  Nephilim—a new race. He didn’t know if it was possible, but he was taking the gamble he could be saved. For years now, he’d been trying to live a life worthy of saving. But so far, all he had done was fail. Time and time again.
But he would keep trying. I can’t live with the alternative.
A hand on his shoulder pulled him from his reflection.
The long beak of John Knox looked down at him.
John jerked with revulsion. “What in the name of God happened to you?” The slate colored beard down the front of his frock bounced with his jaw as he spoke.
“I ran into something.”
“Something even harder than your own thick head, I would say. And moving with a great force.” 
“It looks worse than it is.”
Horatius hoped that was true. He didn’t want it to be as bad as it seemed. His fingers came back covered with blood when he dabbed his upper lip.
“I imagine by your difficult speech and the pain you must be in—by the Saints, you look awful!—you surely are not interested in our usual discourse. I shall miss it. No one has ever argued theology with me as you. Your ludicrous ideas fascinate me, if not infuriate me.” He laughed and then snapped to a look of seriousness. “I saw you at the wedding yesterday conversing with that woman.”
Among many different things, Knox was also a misogynist. “Yes, just when you thought to be rid of your despised papist Mary of Guise, her daughter returns from France with the vigor of youth.” Horatius chuckled but stopped short for the pain it caused.
Knox hissed through clenched teeth. “Mary of Scots,” he said with disgust, “is no better than was that wicked Jezebel of England. Over three years since that wench died, and Bloody Mary can still make my bowels clench.”
“Her sister Elizabeth is an improvement.”
“Women!” Knox shouted with vehemence. “They were never meant to open their mouths, let alone rule a country.”
Horatius blinked away the dizziness. He wasn’t in the mood to argue with Knox. “I just came to pray today. I don’t have it in me to discuss your wrong thinking just now.”
Knox grumbled and said, “Have it your way then. You would waste your breath anyway. I have much to do myself. And keep your blood from dripping on my bench,” and he left him alone.
Horatius blew out a deep breath while his spine wilted and he shrunk several inches. He calmed his thoughts and centered on his plan. Although he was in Sanctuary at Saint Giles, he still could not just transfigure. That would be too risky, even with the Pure standing guard at the four corners of the holy ground. He would only be able to briefly tap into the network to listen, and only when he knew for certain that Satarel was not anywhere near the sector, could he think about transfiguring.
Horatius bowed his head, but the movement was torment and he whipped it back up in a wave of dizziness. With his head held up, he ignored the pain and willed his mind to shift, to enter into the realm of the Celestials. The Chatter was filled with static and broke up like a bad connection. The blow to his head must have left his perception compromised. After several garbled blurbs of sound, the Chatter was finally perceivable, though scratchy. It grew in strength as he waited and concentrated. 
From Sanctuary, he could not see as though he were actually in the Corridor, but in his mind’s eye, the energy fields of the Celestials glowed as if he looked through infrared goggles. The Pure burned several colors brighter than the Fallen, but the Fallen still carried a residual of Shekinah Glory from the beginning, before time when all Celestials dwelled with They. 
He focused on certain voices of the Chatter and eliminated others from his attention. The energy fields that belonged to each individual pulsed white hot. He scoured the different entities in his sector, hoping to hear a clue about the whereabouts of Satarel.
Voices surged from some of his former companions—celestial peers of his father’s with whom he used to pursue corruption, lechery, and other vile enterprises. Hearing their schemes again brought on shame and remorse, as well as twinges of excitement and temptation.
He did not want to stay in their thoughts. He flash-scanned the entire sector, but found no evidence that Satarel was even in the Corridor.
Before leaving, Horatius skimmed the thoughts and communications among the Pure. Angus MacKay was a topic of discussion. A group who were all Guardians of different Keith members spoke of MacKay and his slide from virtue and how no one offered prayers on his behalf, even at this crucial time in his life.
Horatius transferred into a Communication Mode.
Mebahel, I will intercede for him, Horatius thought. He needs help. I did not mean to hurt him. At least not so badly. I mean, I did not even know it was Angus.
“Hello, Horatius. So you nearly kill him, and now you want to save him?”
If I had been thinking, I never would have hurt him. He attacked me. It was a reflex. It is just— He realized he better stop making excuses. I am sorry. I failed. Again. In spite of everything, I beg that you help him. I did what I could, but his spirit is in great need. I want to make things right.
“You think you can make things right?” another Celestial named Jabamiah said.
I hope so. I am working to. Please help him.
One of the other Pure snorted.
“He may be sincere, Leviah,” Mebahel said.
“But is he is too corrupted to be virtuous?” Jabamiah said.
“No one is beyond hope,” Mebahel answered.
“He is Nephilim,” Laviah, the third Celestial, scoffed. “What hope can there even be for one of those? Nephilim were born out of evil, conceived in sin, corrupted from the earliest of times.”
“Perhaps he is different,” Mebahel said. “Perhaps we should test him.”
“He could not possibly succeed. Remember who he is, what he has done,” Leviah said.
Horatius cringed being reminded that they knew all about his every vice and wicked behavior.
“I am beginning to think this might be something to consider,” Jabamiah said.
“What if we give him a chance, Laviah? His offenses have decreased of late. Believe it or not.”
“Decreased?” Laviah screeched. “But from what? A serial killer refraining one week from taking another victim is still a murderer. A liar telling the truth once does not erase all his deceit. A pedophile offering a kind smile to a child—”
“Yes, yes, Laviah, we get your point,” Mebahel said. “But his mother was human. Perhaps They will allow him a second chance.”
“Second chance?” Horatius hated hearing Laviah yell so, and with such doubt and disdain. “There will be no second chance for one such as he!”
“I say we ask,” said Mebahel.
“Second chance?” said Jabamiah. “Yes, that would be in They’s nature to allow it.”
“Never. It will not happen.”
“Let us see. Horatius? We will consult They and return.”
The Chatter was cut off, muted to a silent hole, and Horatius sat in emptiness waiting. Almost immediately, the noise returned.
“They is in favor of giving you a chance. We are to allow you to show your sincerity.”
“We have an assignment for you,” Jabamiah said. 
Horatius was all at once nervous. Not only had the Celestials spoken to They about him, but permission was obtained to move forward toward redemption. It was more than he ever could have wished for.
“You realized that if you fail,” Laviah said like he just knew he would fail, “you will probably be cast down. Forever.”
“Now, let us not condemn him to defeat before he even begins.”
Laviah grunted.
“As Jabamiah said, we have an assignment for you,” Mebahel said.
“Tell him what he gets,” Laviah said. His voice echoed amusement. 
“Considering what your father is, and what you once were—a Watcher for the Keith clan—we have decided you will work against his purpose.”
Horatius didn’t really want to fight against his father, but if that would gain his redemption, he would finish what he’d started when he left the Brethren.
“We received prayers from a righteous vicar on behalf of a certain girl.”
Leviah jumped in before Mebahel could finish. “You will help us guard the girl you rescued from the cliff, Chloe Dixon of Denver.”
No, no. No no no no. That is not what I was thinking when you said I could do something. I am not made to be a Guardian. Leviah is right. I cannot do that. The last thing he wanted to do was guard that girl. He’d tried to be nice to her, even to take her to dinner. And she would have nothing to do with him. She was stubborn and selfish. She’d get him condemned to hell for certain. She’d push him past his limits. She’d make him do things he couldn’t undo. No. It couldn’t be.
“Be careful what you ask for,” Leviah said in a lilting voice.
“You will begin immediately.”
“I am usually her Guardian, but I am willing to allow you to watch over her for a time,” Jabamiah said. “She is young and beautiful, which will provide additional opportunity to prove your trustworthiness. And do not get her killed.”
Leviah chuckled.
“And Horatius,” Mebahel said, “be careful. Satarel will try to get you to reveal your location. The girl is going to be under attack. He will try to destroy you both.”
CHAPTER 12

Mrs. Henderson dropped Chloe at the airport barely in time to get inside before her dad’s plane taxied to the gate. Chloe was certain she had an arrhythmia the way her heart knocked around inside her rib cage while she waited for him to appear from the concourse. 
When he did, Chloe jumped forward and ran to him, forgetting all the pressure churning inside. The sight of his familiar face dimmed her anxiety.
He one-arm hugged her and she at once came to her senses. 
“Daddy,” Chloe sobbed. “I’m so sorry. I’ve been so scared and alone.”
He didn’t speak. He seemed to be battling inside with what to say. Finally, he said, “Let’s go get your ticket taken care of. Then we will talk about this.”
Chloe knew better than to push him when he was so mad. She’d wait a little, see what he had to say, then figure out a way to explain what had really happened. 
It took over an hour and a half to get her ticket problem fixed. With her passport, they were able to have a ticket reissued, but not before paying a lot more money and talking to four different people at three different counters.
Her dad’s patience was about as thin as a credit card by the time they got the tickets. He hadn’t yelled at anyone, but the restraint it took him not to showed in the vein bulging on his temple. In vivid purple.
“Do you want to go somewhere while we wait for the flight?” Chloe said while trying to contain her trepidation. “There’s a coffee shop and bookstore just a few blocks from here. My treat. I’ll pay you back if you want a coffee.”
He jerked his head like she’d tasered him. “We are not leaving the airport. You will not be missing another plane.”
Chloe didn’t argue. She sat down in the nearest chair, tucked her feet beneath her and tried to shrink to a size no one could see.
Her dad sat next to her. He stayed silent for a long time. Chloe was certain he was planning out his verbal attack.
It finally came.
“Just answer me one thing.” 
He’s not going to ask me just one thing. 
“What on earth were you thinking, taking a car that wasn’t yours to take, skipping out on the tour without permission—or even informing the chaperones, meeting up with some stranger from God-knows-where, not having the decency to even call home? Do you have any idea what you’ve put me through?”
Chloe couldn’t look at him. She stared straight ahead through the airport window trying to keep control of the knot in her throat that was trying to jump out with a horrible sob. “I’m sorry,” was all she could squeak out without falling into complete and utter meltdown.
“Is that all you have to say, ‘you’re sorry’? Do you know what it cost to get a ticket last minute? And what about Todd? Did it ever cross your mind what this might do to you two? You’ll be lucky if he can get past this. I cannot fathom what has gotten into you. I don’t need this stress right now. You should know things are hard enough as they are.” His expression changed like a new idea came. “Is that what this is all about? Are you trying to get attention because of your mom and me? Don’t think some little scheme of yours is going to help, because it has sure done anything but help!”
She hoped he was through with his “just one thing” because she didn’t think she could take any more and not explode into tiny bits of misery all over the waiting area.
“Almost eighteen and you act like you think you’re an adult. Obviously you’re still such a little girl. Don’t even think for a minute you’re going to Brazil in a couple of weeks.”
“But Dad, I’ve been saving all year for that. And I won the scholarship. I can’t miss it. Kaitlyn and Jess—”
“Your savings is going to pay for this mess you’ve made. And your quartet didn’t even win. Shame on you. Do you think Brazil needs another mediocre quartet at its conference? You’re not going. Brazil is out.”
“But I have to go. I’ll make it up to you. I’ll pay you back.”
His laugh slapped her across the face. “You can’t make it up to me.” The cruelty in his voice serrated her. “You mystify me.” He jumped up from his seat and headed toward a Costa Coffee shop. 
Shame on you.
He sat on a bar stool at the counter sipping a drink. After a while he dialed his phone. Maybe calling her mother to let her know he’d found their recalcitrant, incorrigible daughter. Or maybe he wasn’t even talking about her. He had a new life, new interests. He might be on the phone with someone she’d never even heard of or met. 
You’ve only ever let him down, the voice said.
He laughed and took a sip of his drink. His shoulders relaxed and he listened and nodded, smiling frequently. Obviously he isn’t talking to Mom.
If only she could make him understand what she’d been through, what had really happened. How she hadn’t meant to hurt anyone, and how scared she was, and lost and alone. What she really needed was a hug and to be told it would be okay.
It won’t be okay, said the voice.
He came back after forty-five minutes. They sat in silence for another hour until they boarded their flight home.
He took the window seat and pulled down the shade. “I’m exhausted,” he said after clicking his seatbelt and turning the air vent on high. “I’m going to sleep.” He dry-swallowed two Dramamine, jammed in earplugs, and put on eye covers.
Chloe sighed a deep painful expulsion of breath. She’d survived the first phase. Well, she wasn’t visibly bleeding anywhere. These wounds aren’t the kind that show.
She adjusted the small, issued pillow beneath her head, tucked her elbows in close because her dad and the aisle passenger had the armrests, and closed her eyes, hoping for sleep.

***

The sky was darkening to twilight when they drove up to the curb in front of Nana’s postwar stone walkup. The old tree-lined street was quiet as usual on a Sunday evening.
When she and her dad finally walked through the front door, they were like two mute zombies. Benji seemed to be the only one glad to see her home—for all the fuss made about her not making it back the first time. Wearing his green dinosaur pajamas, he jumped into her arms and locked his hands around her neck until she had to tickle him off. He gave a similar greeting to their dad, who hugged him once before putting him down. Benji was oblivious to any tension and danced back to his pile of trucks by the fireplace.
Her mother noticed only her dad and greeted him with a nervous hello. She had on a short party dress, plenty of makeup, and her hair was sprayed stiff. She wore earrings, several bangles, and a necklace.
Chloe’s younger sister Michelle was watching TV with Nana, who sat in the recliner next to the couch crocheting a yarn hexagon. Michelle didn’t budge when they came in. Nana stopped her crochet hook and looked confused.
“I’ve grilled steaks,” her mom said. “And made your favorite twice-baked potatoes, Tony. With cheese.” She gestured to the dining room table where she had laid out Nana’s best tableware. “Will you stay and eat?”
“I have to go,” Chloe’s dad said. “We’ll talk more later, Chloe, once I get some sleep. Don’t think we’re done.”
“Hey Tony,” Michelle said to her dad sarcastically. “Yeah, I’m good. Don’t worry about me or anything. I only have a cold.” It came out code. “It’s not like I’m going to die or anything. You can see me later. If you feel like it. If you get the time. If you care.” Her voice was coarse and pinched. She forced several deep coughs.
“Michelle!” her mom said.
“Give me a break, Michelle. I’ve had more crap these past two days and I don’t need any more from you.”
Michelle rolled her eyes and turned up her TV show.
“Language, Anthony,” Nana said. “Come on in and look at the television with us. There’s room for you here on the davenport.” With her spotted, crooked hand she patted the yarn hexagon doily covering the arm of the couch.
“Not tonight, Maureen,” Tony said. “Another time maybe.” And he left.
Her mom deflated. She threw a crocheted hot pad at the closed door and went back into the kitchen. She returned with an orange pill bottle and disappeared into her room. At least she forgot to yell at Chloe before she went to hide in her medicated oblivion.
“For all intensive purposes, he and Susan are going steady,” Nana said and turned her attention back to the purple and green hexagon on her crochet hook.
Michelle muted the TV. “Wow, you’ve sure made everybody crazy. Stealing a car? What were you thinking? You  must have known Tony would kill you. I can’t believe he came all the way to get you. You must have died when Mom told you he was coming.”
“I didn’t steal a car,” Chloe said. “Hi, Nana.” She bent over and kissed her grandma on her tissue paper cheek. 
“Oh!” Nana said. “Hello, dear. Turn it up. I can’t hear it. Do you want to look at the television with us?” She kept her eyes on her crocheting.
“Not now. Has Todd called?” she asked Michelle.
“Nope.” Dope. Michelle turned back to her show and un-muted it. “I hear he dumped you. You must have pissed him off good this time. I always figured something like this would happen. Don’t you remember I said this would happen?”
She was infuriating. A fifteen-year-old would never understand what Chloe was going through.
Chloe went upstairs to her room and dialed Todd. Four rings. Voicemail.
“Hi, it’s me. Um, I just got home. Thought you’d want to know. When can we get together? We should talk. Straighten things out. Give me a call. Anytime is fine. I’ll be here. So, yeah, call me. Okay. Bye.”
She left her phone on full volume and set it next to the clock on her bedside table. And she sank into her bed like it could protect her from reality.

***

The light from the window penetrated Chloe’s eyelids and stole her escape into sleep. With some help from Michelle.
“Chloe, wake up. You have to go to work. Remember?” Michelle pulled her covers down.
Chloe moaned and tried to crawl back under the crocheted coverlet, but Michelle pulled it back off.
“Come on. You already slept in. Mom is taking Nana to Hobby Lobby for more yarn and Benji to daycare. We have chores and I don’t want to do them alone. Besides, I’m sick.”
“I’ll help later. Go away,” Chloe said. She lay like a board and wouldn’t open her eyes.
“No way. I’ve been doing everything since you left. Get up and quit making my life so terrible.” Michelle pulled away her pillow.
Chloe rolled over. “Fine. I’m up. Leave me alone.”
“I’ll give you five minutes. Then I’m dumping a glass of cold water on you.” Michelle left, but flipped on a talk radio station at full blast on her way out.
Chloe reached out and groped for her phone. It was one o’clock. She had to be to work by three. More importantly, she needed to see if Todd had called. 
He hadn’t.
After a shower and lots of conditioner to get her hair untangled, she stumbled into the kitchen to find something to eat. Michelle was sitting at the table reading People and eating SunChips from the bag.
“Unload the dishwasher,” Michelle said without looking up from the magazine. “And Todd called.”
“What?” She rechecked her cell.
“Land line.” She pointed at the wall, her eyes still on her reading. “The dishwasher.” She pointed at the washer.
“What did he say? Why didn’t you wake me up?” Chloe dashed to the phone and put it to her ear. “Did he leave a message?”
“Man, did he.”
Chloe snatched the magazine off the table. 
“Hey!” Michelle said.
“This is important. What did his message say?” She was already punching the code in to retrieve the recording.
“It wasn’t good. I talked to him. He gave me the message.”
“What?” She hung the phone back up slowly.
“He said, and I quote, ‘Tell your sister to stop calling me. I meant what I said. And I want my Apocalyptica CD back.’ It was not a nice call.”
Chloe dropped into a chair. Or onto the floor. She wasn’t sure and it didn’t matter. 
It’s over. Everything’s over. 
The voice was stronger than ever.
“Whoa, what are you doing?” Michelle jumped up and grabbed for Chloe as she sank to the floor. “Wow, you better take a deep breath. You look awful. Breathe. Come on.”
Chloe tried to breathe, but it wouldn’t work. Air finally started moving in and out, but it sounded weird. It came and went with horrendous sobs. She was grabbing the wall, hanging on because the room was tipping. She was going to slip and fall, and keep falling until she fell off the edge of the planet.
“Wow, sorry. I shouldn’t have said it like that. I didn’t think you’d react so bad. Come on. Take a deep breath.” Michelle was on the floor with her. “I’ll unload the dishes for you.”
Chloe couldn’t stop the frantic sobs. All she could do was hang on to the wall.
Michelle spoke in a quiet, kind voice. “What did he say?”
Chloe tried several times before any words could come out. When they finally did, they were each like a separate sentence. “He. Was. With. Rebecca. Now.” 
You’re nothing.
Once it was out, she lost total control. Michelle let her fall into her arms and sat with her on the floor while her despair poured out of her in a torrent of grief.
After forever, Michelle wiggled and shifted her position. “My legs are asleep. Can we go to the couch to do this?”
Chloe clambered to her feet and left Michelle in the kitchen. She staggered up the stairs to their room and fell back onto her bed with the sobs kicking back in with a vengeance.
CHAPTER 13

The Celestials plunked Horatius down in a bathroom stall at Chicago’s Union Station. It was not bad enough that his assignment was to guard a self-absorbed human, but he had to do so like a human himself. He could not even fly. By wing or by plane. They insisted he arrive without fanfare and nowhere near the girl to avoid attracting Satarel’s attention. They wouldn’t let him transfigure. Instead, they healed the damage to his face while he still sat on the church bench, then teleported him directly from Saint Giles into the train station john. From there, he had to take a train. Sitting in Coach Class.
A man at the urinal jerked when Horatius slammed out of the bathroom stall. The way the fellow had been having a conversation with himself, he must have believed he was alone. Horatius punched the paper towel dispenser on the way out the door. He was not having a good day. Sure, he wanted a chance to earn his redemption. But caretaking a stubborn girl was not his idea of a good time. And the Celestials said it would be best not to use his powers, as it would risk attention. How in the world could he ever help a defenseless human if he didn't use his powers?
In the process of relocating him back to the twenty-first century, they redressed him in cheap modern clothes with an economy Amtrak ticket in his jeans pocket. The clothes were nondescript and embarrassing. But his plan was not to stay around for long in them anyway. In his other pocket was a shabby faux-leather wallet with five twenties, a Visa card, and an ID with his picture for a Horace Nephil. 
The train ticket was for a two-o’clock departure. A prepaid cell phone from his front pocket told him he only had fifteen minutes to find the right platform and board. No time for a stop in the bar. Of course not. The trip was starting out worse than he knew it would.
While he stood in line, a security officer stepped alongside him and watched him without a word. Horatius pretended not to notice her for a time, but then it became ridiculous and he looked directly at her, staring down right into her eyes. She was short and wide. And all business.
“We will need to see your luggage for a random security check,” she said.
“I have none.”
Her left eye twitched. Apparently not the answer she expected. She looked down at Horatius’ feet, behind him, and for any stray baggage that might be his.
She pointed at a duffle bag not far away on the floor. “Let me see your bag.”
“That’s mine,” another passenger in line said, snatching up the bag like he could protect it from an inspection.
“Step out of the line, please,” the officer said to Horatius.
“My train is due,” Horatius said.
“Step out of the line,” she repeated and her eyes narrowed into a tighter glare.
As much as he did not want to guard a human teenager, it would not do to ruin the assignment before it even began. He stepped out of line and the officer patted him down very thoroughly, taking his phone and wallet out as she did. She read every line of his ID and studied his photo carefully. After she returned his things, she said, “You may step back in line.”
The line had moved forward and no one was happy about him cutting in, but he did it anyway. The security officer watched him the entire time, probably to make sure he didn’t retrieve some secret, hidden luggage.
Once on the train, he found his seat and sat with a groan. Not nearly enough leg room. Of course he would not be in First Class. Mebahel had not provided him with a sleeping car either. Leviah had probably made the arrangements. That would explain the bathroom stall. 
The train pulled out of the station and within minutes, the conductor came by for Horatius’ ticket. He studied the document like it was encoded and inspected Horatius’ face like he’d never before seen someone from the Middle East. 
“Where is your luggage, sir?” the conductor asked.
Horatius exhaled an exasperated blast of air. “I have none. I already told the security officer. She searched me and looked over everything. All is in order. I just need to get to Denver.”
The conductor reread the ticket again. “May I see your ID please?” His voice was polite, but his intention was offensive, and both of them knew it. Horatius pulled out his wallet again, let the man compare the photo to his face, then finally got it back and returned it to his pocket.
The conductor punched his ticket, placed it in the seat back and wished Horatius a good trip. Not likely. 
Horatius went directly to the lounge car. It was closed until further notice. Of course. Leviah probably put a curse on it. He returned to his seat and leaned his head back and waited for, yearned for, sleep. Seventeen sober hours jostling about inside a clamorous box on steel rails was something he wanted to miss.
Sleep lasted only until a little after eight when the train stopped at a one-story brick station in Osceola, Iowa. A couple with four small children all about the same age boarded. After they saw Horatius, they put protective arms around the tykes as though he would bite them or something worse and scurried to the next car. Well, I don’t want them near me either. He needed to sleep. When the train got moving again, it click-clacked past century-old white clapboard houses with wraparound porches equipped with rocking chairs. A lollipop of a water tower marked the place as a typical farm town with little to do except bowl, rent movies, or go to the bar. Oh, how he would have liked to go to the bar. The train rumbled on and indications of development disappeared and the trees became bushes, then the bushes became low soybeans. The flat plains had as much shape as an abandoned airfield.
The train rocked its way toward the sinking sun. An occasional desolate tree, standing completely alone within miles of sprouting fields, cast a thin long shadow, twice its height, toward the east. Nothing stopped the eye from seeing beyond the edge of the earth where it fell away in a curve. How Horatius wished he could be above it flying now, up with the Pure, enjoying peace and freedom. How could he succeed at his task if he was not supposed to fly or use power? The Celestials expected him to become a companion to the girl, to somehow help her on foot. They were asking him to do the miraculous while shackling him with the impotence of humanity. I’m being set up to fail before I even begin.
The hours passed and the plains spun away from the sun, losing any lingering illumination. The vivid green tarnished to brown, then the brown to smudges and shadows. Soon it all faded to thick black. Light only came when the train passed through a nameless town and stopped among a splash of glass bulbs on the platform. Each town summoned the unnecessary whistle of the train to warn off stragglers from the track, though every street was empty, every citizen tucked safely with his family in his creaky farmhouse for the night. 
All the other passengers in the car were trying to sleep. They moved in synch, stirring and repositioning against their companions when the whistle wailed and the train interrupted its noisy nocturne to stop in the next village. When the rhythmic rumbling became sonorous and bearable again, pairs settled back down against each other and sought sleep. Everyone but Horatius had a human shoulder or arm to connect to.
Out Horatius’ window, a rare pair of headlights broke the blackness at a far distance. They turned away and tiny red taillights blinked and were gone. The black swallowed up everything. What was out there, out in the human’s world, for him? Could he possibly help this girl? Could he possibly prove his sincerity and gain redemption? Could he live like a human and then become saved like a human?
Finally, sleep found him somewhere near the western edge of Nebraska. He woke again when the train was approaching downtown Denver. The first thing that came to mind as he roused was how good a cold beer would taste to chase away the dry mouth that the night had left him.
Outside of Denver’s Union station, the sun blinded him. The incessant light cut through the thin, dry air like a laser. Squinting hard, he fell in with the flow of commuters walking along the sidewalk with destinations compelling them forward. Each kept to himself and paid no attention to Horatius or anyone else. Everyone hid behind sunglasses or concealed expressions. Many had ear buds and several talked animatedly on cell phones, pouring all their emotions into unseen issues, ignoring what was right around them. All so concerned with the ridiculously mundane worries of corporeal existence, the here and now. Little did they know how much really happened and mattered outside of their tiny circles of reality. 
What truly mattered dawned on Horatius some time ago, when he’d been deeply involved in all things selfish, lascivious, and shameful—he recognized that now. His father and he had been enraptured by magnificent seductresses, true jezebels, partaking in all the wonders of old Greek debauchery. But it was empty somehow—when he was sober enough to notice. Which, though rare, did occur one desolate day that left him so devastated, he began his agonizing pursuit of atonement. 
As a Nephil, he hadn’t enjoyed the privileges They offered to They's beloved humans. Humans had souls. Humans could be redeemed and dwell with They. Humans were loved by They. Horatius wanted that. He wanted redemption and to be declared worthy, valuable. He yearned to be wanted by They. 
Since that revelation, he’d been working to prove himself worthy. He still didn't know if he even could gain a human soul. No Nephil had tried before. Nephilim were few and aberrant. But born to women of the human race, it had to be possible. Horatius was counting on it.
The commuters crowding him on the sidewalks herded him to a cobbled outdoor mall lined with trees and tall buildings. A steady stream of people flowed in and out of a Starbucks. That’s where he headed. All the bars and restaurants were still sleeping for the night. If he couldn’t get a morning beer, he would settle for a triple shot of espresso. 
Once a steaming venti was in hand, Horatius went back outside and wandered until he found an open drug store and bought a pair of Ray-Bans. The sun was too intense, and the debonair look might take the emphasis off his humiliating attire. 
Mebahel had put a bus ticket and route map in his pocket for the required transport from Union Station. The bus wasn’t crowded and he took a window seat near the back. They rolled above ground and drove toward the mountains. After crossing over the interstate, they went into an old part of Denver. Following the route highlighted on his map, Horatius got off at Federal and Forty-First Street, then walked north the few blocks to the street with an X on the house where the girl lived. 
It was a late 1940s stone walkup, the kind with small rooms and big trees. Crumbling concrete steps went up from the public sidewalk through a steep bank of thick grass. A flat walkway connected to another set of steps up to the front porch. The place was run down and in need of an attentive handyman. Maybe he could paint the place, trim the bushes, pull some weeds. And spend a few days keeping an eye on the girl. Could that be enough? Then could he go home? How much trouble can she be now at home?
He pressed the doorbell and waited. A TV laugh track came through an open window from behind a curtain. No one came to the door. He rang the bell again. The TV went silent and eventually the curtain swayed a little and the locks began to clunk.
Past a chain lock pulled taut peered a disheveled teenager in her pajamas. The skin around her nose was bright red, like she’d been rubbing it raw with harsh tissue for several days. Her hair was a mess and had to have taken at least three days to get that tangled and vertical.
She gave no greeting, just stared and waited for Horatius to start the conversation.
“Is Chloe at home?”
“Nope.” Dope. Then she sniffed, like she had done it a million times already and was sick of doing so.
“Do you know when she will return?”
“She’s at her gas station. Missed her shift last night so had to go in this morning. She’s working a double shift.”
“She’s working at, um a, what was—”
“She’ll be gone all day.”
“What’s her store name? I always get it confused with that other one—what is it?”
“She’s not supposed to have visitors.”
“Oh, I am not going to bother her while she works. I just want to see how she is doing. Ah, that is the store over on….” He waited for her to fill in the location.
“Are you from her orchestra?”
“Yes. Yes, I am.”
“You that new teacher? I’ve never seen you before.”
“Yes I’m new. I am a harpist. I teach harp at the school.”
“Well, she’s not doing good. She’s a mess. I’m sure you know all about Scotland.”
“Yes, yes I believe so. I’m sorry to hear she isn’t doing well. I know this has all been…difficult for her.” The Celestials had not told him all the details, so he hoped it sounded like he knew what he was talking about.
“That jerk Todd! She should have never dated him. He’s a tool.”
Ah. Boy trouble. Of course.
“That’s what I told her, too. So, uh, her store? The one on…”
“I dunno. It’s next to the old theater. The Federal, I think.”
“On Federal Boulevard?”
“Well, duh. Where else?”
“Okay, well I don’t want to keep you. I imagine you feel terrible.”
“Miserable. Terrible. I’d open the door, but you do not want this.”
“Well, nice to meet you, um, I didn’t catch your name?”
“Michelle.” Bahshell.
“Michelle, thank you. Maybe I’ll see you again. Goodbye.”
Horatius went back to Federal Boulevard and had to guess whether to go north or south. He went north and after nine blocks with no theater, turned around. Within three blocks of his wrong turn, he found the theater and its neighbor, Chloe’s convenient store. She was at the counter, visible through the plate glass window. Stiff as a statue, she stood facing the back wall.
The bell on the door chimed when he went in. Chloe didn’t respond. Another employee was filling the cooler along the back wall with bottles.
“Hello.” He said it two more times, the third as a question.
She turned slowly. Dark half-moon shadows were under her red rimmed, puffy eyes. Her hair was a tangled mess of curls. Just like her sister, no comb could have been through that in days.
When she finally focused on Horatius, they opened a little wider.
“What are you doing here?”
I have been cursed to spend some time with you. “I was in the neighborhood.”
She stood unchanged, with her arms limp at her side. Her head only tilted slightly. “And you just happened to walk in here?”
“No, I worked a bit to get here. I was looking for you.” Mebahel made me come.
“You didn’t come back. I missed my plane.” Her words were as flat as the floor she stood on.
Her appearance was pathetic. So different from when he’d seen her last. “What happened…that’s not what I planned to occur.”
She turned back away and fixed her eyes on the back wall again.
“I talked to Michelle. She told me you weren’t doing well.” The enticing spark was gone from her eyes. 
Chloe shrugged. 
Two thin kids in tight black clothes entered—girls, boys, both, neither, he couldn’t tell—and they went to the back coolers and worked around the other employee to select their beverages. Several cars came and went at the gas pumps, but they paid outside and didn’t come in. A tall cowboy with a spectacular hat leafed through some magazines then picked up a sixty-four-ounce bottle of Dr. Pepper and a bag of Ruffles.
When the cowboy approached the counter to pay, Chloe rang up the total like she was a robot. She was oblivious to the man’s flirtations. 
“Well, hey there you pretty young thing, ya’ll gave me a twenty instead of a five,” he said with a smooth western cowboy accent. He handed back the bill and gave her a toothy smile. It didn’t rattle him a bit when Chloe gave him the new change and turned away without acknowledging him. 
The cowboy tipped his hat at Horatius before he passed through the door. Horatius liked that hat. It had style. After the cowboy, the unusual couple at the back coolers left, and Horatius said to Chloe, “When is your work shift over?”
Chloe stared at him with glassy eyes for a moment before focusing enough to process his question.
She shrugged. “Midnight.”
“How do you plan to return home? You aren’t driving, are you?” She can hardly operate a cash register. 
“I’m walking.”
“Is midnight a good time to be out, without an escort?”
“It doesn’t matter.”
The words came out like she was tranquilized. She was nothing like he remembered. Whatever this new way was, it was broken. She was broken. Tenderness surprised him when it seeped into his feelings for her.
“I will walk with you.” If he was to be her Guardian, he could at least start with the basics and keep her alive. Jabamiah had said not to kill her. He would keep someone else from doing it, too. “You may call me Horace, by the way. That's how my close acquaintances address me.”
She shrugged and turned to face the back wall again.
Since there was no protest from the girl, and her co-worker spent most of his time in the back room, Horatius stayed and stood inside the front door by the newspaper rack for the rest of the night. When a group of juvenile delinquents came in, he kept his eye on them. They did no more than buy some Pepsi, cigarettes, and frozen Dove bars, but Horatius didn’t like their emanations. All but one of them exuded evil. When the obvious leader, who had a goatee and wore a wife beater, eyed Horatius with a challenging glare, Horatius picked up a newspaper and buried his face in the metro section. He didn’t want whichever Fallen Celestial held that young man to see him and discover his location.
When her relief finally came—fifteen minutes late—Chloe went to the back room to punch out her time card and walked out the front door, never acknowledging Horatius. He fell in beside her as she drifted down the sidewalk.
“You should never walk home alone. Especially after dark.”
She shrugged again.
“Truly, Chloe. It dangerous. Maybe you don’t care about dying. But there are things that could be worse than dying.”
She finally made eye contact. “I don’t even know you.”
“That gang that came in probably live around here. You are just asking for trouble by walking home alone.”
“If something happened, maybe Todd—” It was almost inaudible, and she stopped herself before finishing.
She had it bad, all right. How could he possibly help someone so self-destructive? What had been done to her to make her care so little?
“Listen, nothing is going to happen. I’m going to make sure. That’s why I am here. Think of it like I am making up for not helping before. Okay?”
A shiny black SUV with dark windows and a thumping bass speaker slowed down and drove alongside them for a minute. The loud beat and rap lyrics pulsed the air around them. Horatius turned and glared right at the driver’s window, even though he couldn’t see in. The streetlight’s reflection moved over the hood, the roof, the back, as it crept along. They lingered a little longer then took off with a squeal. It woke Chloe up.
“Did you know them?” Chloe said.
“Know their type.”
“Don’t stare at them. They might shoot you.” She said it with no emotion.
When they got to Forty-First, she turned onto the street like she was alone. Horatius swung wide to follow and catch back up with her after he missed the turn. They didn’t talk until they got to her house.
When she walked up to her front door, Horatius stayed down on the sidewalk. 
He said, “What time will you leave for work tomorrow?”
She shrugged. “Three.”
“I’ll see you then.” He waited until she was inside, the door closed, and the porch light went dark before he went to find a bed for the night.

***

The next day at two-forty-five, Horatius paced back and forth in front of Chloe’s house, waiting for her to come out.
Thirty minutes later, he rang the doorbell. Michelle came to the door.
“Hello again.”
“Hey.”
“I’m Horace, Chloe’s friend. I came to walk her to work. Is she leaving soon?”
“Left an hour ago. Went in early.”
A shot of irritation made him growl. She was not making this easy for him. 
He jogged all the way to the convenience store. Once again, he found Chloe standing like a zombie as customers came and went at the pumps and milled around the store.
“Hello, Chloe. I waited for you.”
She shrugged her standard indifferent gesture. “Had to come in early. You didn’t give me your cell.” 
As though you would have called me.
Horatius took his spot by the door, standing under a fan so he could cool off from his run. “I will just wait over here.”
Another shrug.
How can I help someone so apathetic? 
People came and went. Few paid attention to him. Certainly not Chloe. And her co-worker left, saying he couldn’t wait around any longer for his relief, who never arrived. After two or three hours passed, Horatius bought a microwaved pocket sandwich, four Slim Jims, and a six-pack of Heineken for his dinner and returned to his station at the door. When the store was empty, he enjoyed his refreshment. When customers came in and out, he greeted them, trying to add interest. The beer not only made his assignment more tolerable, but it certainly made him more charming.
“Have a good day.”
“Thank you. Have a nice evening.”
“Thanks for coming. Until next time.”
“Great hat. Go Rockies.”
“Beautiful baby, madam.” Big smile.
He had several phrases to keep it fresh.
When the digital clock above the counter flashed to eight-oh-seven, a feeling of imminent danger jolted Horatius out of his complacency. Something was happening in the heavens. The Fallen and Pure were battling. Pit of Tartarus, I shouldn’t have had those five beers!
The door swung wide, and the five delinquents strutted back in.
They spread out, acting casual and aloof. Their attempt to look nonchalant, separating to browse the merchandise on different aisles, didn’t fool Horatius. One picked up a can of motor oil, another rearranged baby supplies—he was the most nervous of the five. A third hovered near a laughing couple who played with the ketchup dispenser while their hotdogs sizzled on the rotisserie rack. The one with gold front teeth who still wore a wife beater met his buddy’s cold eyes then scanned the rest of the store doing reconnaissance. They both flashed looks at Horatius and then shared a knowing glance. They’re going to execute their plan soon. 
Horatius slipped on his Ray-Bans to hide his eyes. He wasn't about to give away his presence to the Fallen possessing these punks.
After the playful couple paid for their hotdogs and left, the kid with the gold grill and goatee trotted up to the counter. He pulled out a Glock, bobbing and weaving like a boxer. He jabbed the handgun right at Chloe, sideways and at eye level. Like a real pro gangsta. 
“You wanna die tonight?”
CHAPTER 14

Chloe stared down the gun barrel and didn’t move. Her eyes registered the first real emotion Horatius had seen since Scotland.
“Empty the register.” He threw a wadded plastic Wal-Mart sack on the counter.
“You don’t want to do that,” Horatius said, trying to keep his words crisp and hard in spite of his tongue feeling loose and thick.
Another 9 mm came out from the buddy. “Shut-up, clown,” the kid yelled. His accent was thick. “Think you’re something with those shades? You won’t feel so cool when you’re dead,” he said as he shuffled in place.
Horatius needed to keep Chloe from danger. His head was foggy. He tried to shake it off. 
The one calling him a clown was an annoying distraction. Horatius concentrated. The gun in the punk’s hand became molten metal. He screamed and tried to drop it. Some of it seared to his hand. Some got on his other hand. Some on his leg. Third-degree burns propelled him out the door, yowling and cursing.
The transmutation weakened Horatius, but he ignored it. He turned his attention back to Chloe. This was his chance to help her, to help himself. Maybe he’d finish up tonight and be relieved of his requirement.
After his buddy’s sudden departure, the one with Chloe turned back toward her and lifted his gun arm again and straightened it into a hard beam.
“I said empty the register. Do it. Now!” 
Chloe struggled with the sack, then with the register to find the right sequence of buttons to open the drawer.
Another of the punks left his motor oil and moved up on Horatius. He pulled out his gun.
“Get on the floor,” the punk yelled.
Horatius ignored him. He was trying to think of what he should do. His mind was so foggy. 
“Drop to the floor!”
Horatius refused to budge.
“One move, I pump you with lead.” 
Shut up! I can’t think with your constant rambling. 
An idea! The old snake trick. Simple, easy. It wouldn’t take much power. 
The kid’s shoelaces became serpents. They swirled up his legs and disappeared into his baggy shorts. The gun turned into a poisonous frog. The kid threw it and screamed. Herpetophobia. Good choice. The kid yanked down his shorts past the snakes and stumbled out the door.
The leader yelled at his retreating companion. But he couldn’t get him back. The door closed after him with a bell chime.
Horatius turned back to the leader. “Put the gun down, leave now, and I will let you live.” Of course he wouldn’t kill him. They would not be pleased. But he could hurt him.
The guy with the gold front teeth laughed. It wasn't a very confident laugh, not after two of his buddies unexpectedly abandoned him. But he found enough courage to point his gun at Horatius. “We got ourselves a tough guy,” he said to Horatius. 
Chloe dropped out of sight behind the counter as soon as the punk turned his attention on Horatius. 
Good. Stay down.
“Put the gun away. You are about to get really hurt,” Horatius said.
The punk swaggered closer and waved the weapon in his face. But when he took in Horatius’ height, he bounced back to a safer distance, one where he would not have to lift his head to look at him.
“This is my last warning,” Horatius said.
The kid’s arm went rigid and he aimed. Every muscle in his face clenched. He was ready to pull the trigger. Horatius really wanted to just kill the kid. But that really wasn’t an option. Instead, he’d get his attention. All at once, every hair on the kid’s body burst into flame. Sparks exploded all over him and the hairs flared, flashed, and burned quickly down into their pores. He sizzled. The air stank with fried hair stench. 
His head was not shaved close, so all those hairs joined together and his head caught fire. His thick eyebrows burned hot then sputtered out. His goatee flashed. He crumpled into a ball, screaming, swatting at the flames beneath his clothes. The fire from his ears burned a little longer, as did his oily head, because of the earwax. He should have listened to his mother and used Q-Tips more often. 
In less than a minute all the flames were out. His wife beater was scorched. His bad luck he had so much body hair. Though still bent in half, he got himself off the floor enough to stagger out, tears streaming down his cheeks.
The two gang members at the back of the store shared a look then raced each other to the door. They ran past Horatius while he leaned on the doorframe to recover from expending his power.
Chloe peeked over the counter after they left and the door chimed shut.
“Are you okay?” Horatius asked from the door.
“What happened? I smell smoke.”
“Everything is okay now. They’re gone. You’re safe.” He couldn’t really get off the doorframe.
“Should I call the cops? Or at least my boss?”
That was a good idea. Others to help while Horatius got his strength back.
Sirens blared. Red lights throbbed. The police took statements and wrote notes. Chloe called her mom. She came and took her home. That was a good thing, because Horatius needed a drink so badly, God himself couldn’t have talked him out of it.
CHAPTER 15

Chloe sagged on her stool with her cello propped between her knees. Her bow hung limp in her hand with the tip resting on the floor. No music would come. Now that the Brazil tour was out, there was no reason to even practice.
Her mom lay on the couch with Michelle’s People magazine open against her stomach. She was in the same gray sweatpants she’d worn since Chloe had come home, and a dirty tee shirt—one her dad had left behind. Nana sat in her recliner crocheting a new bright yellow hexagon. So far, it was the size of a quarter.
“Mom, you should get up. You just got out of bed,” Chloe said. “You should take a shower. You’re starting to smell bad.”
“Cleanliness is next to godliness,” Nana said without looking up from her hook twirling in the yarn.
“Please don’t just hang out with me. I’m okay,” Chloe said.
You’re not okay.
Her mom rolled to her side and the magazine slipped to the floor. She bent her elbow under her head and looked up at Chloe with the frown that never left her face now. “I’m not hanging out with you. I’m just tired.” Her smudged makeup blended in with the deep gray shadows beneath her eyes.
“You’re almost stalking me.”
“I wanted to be on the couch. You were by the couch. Anyway, if you were okay, you’d talk to your friends.”
“I talked to Kaitlyn a few days ago. I’m fine.” 
You’re not fine.
“You’re wearing me out,” her mom said. “I don’t have the energy to worry about you. You keep doing things.”
“What’s wrong, dear?” Nana said. “Why won’t you talk to your friends?”
“I just don’t want to. I don’t want to tell the whole story again. It’s over. I’m fine. Nothing happened.” What’s the point of anything? She lifted her bow and played the first note to nothing.
“Nothing happened?” her mom moaned. “You got your dad mad all over again. Things were just starting to get better.”
“What are you talking about, Susan?” Nana asked.
“I can’t even go into it. But suffice it to say, she nearly died. And I’m not even talking about last night.” She rolled the other way and hid her face against the back cushions. 
Chloe stopped mid-note and dropped her bow arm again. “No. I didn’t. No wounds, no dead. I’m fine.” 
No, you’re not.
“You were lost in a foreign country. You could have been kidnapped and beheaded!”
“It was Scotland, Mom.” 
Shame on you. 
“Mom! Get up. Please.” She didn’t plan to shout, but she wanted the voice in her head to shut up. “Benji needs to be picked up soon. He needs you.”
“Oh, Susan. Are you not feeling well today?”
“No, Mama.” Her voice was muffled into the pillows. 
“You should take a powder, dear. It will help you feel better.”
“No, she shouldn’t take anything. She’s taken plenty.”
Her mom sprang up. The frown was angry now. “Don’t tell me what I should or shouldn’t take. Especially if you keep doing things like last night.” She was shaking. “And you should at least call Todd. He deserves to hear from you. What if you lose him forever? What will you do if you don’t have a boyfriend?”
“Last night wasn’t my fault.”
“Which one is Todd?” She looked around the living room. “Is he that little boy around here?” 
“For goodness sake! That’s Benjamin. Don’t you know your own grandson?” Her mom’s exasperation spilled even onto Nana.
Nana looked confused. 
“Mom,” Chloe warned.
Her mom turned back to face the cushions again. 
Nana returned to her crocheting.
Chloe loosened her bow and used a cotton yarn hexagon to rub off her cello, which didn’t have any rosin on it because she hadn’t played it. She didn’t want to play, didn’t want to make music. Life was ugly. It was bad enough she had to deal with getting robbed, but somehow her mom found a way to make it her fault that it happened.
“I hoped you two would marry,” her mom mumbled into the pillow.
“Oh, I just love weddings.”
Chloe closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “Mom, stop. I said we’re on hold. Just go with it. I can’t do this right now.”
Her mom left the couch, went to her room, and shut the door.
“She needs some time to herself right now,” Nana said, then concentrated back on her hexagon.
Chloe set her cello down on its side along the wall and went into the kitchen where Michelle was making a bologna and pickle sandwich.
“Wan’ some?” Michelle said through her stuffed nose.
“Yuck. You shouldn’t eat that garbage while you’re fighting a cold. I don’t know how you eat it.”
“Like this.” She picked it up and tore a huge bite out of it.
“Ugh. I’m going to scramble an egg.”
While Chloe bent inside the fridge to rummage for the carton of eggs, the phone rang. Michelle picked it up and answered with her mouth full of sandwich and her nose full of cold.
“Hullo?”
Michelle paused and Chloe dug around for green peppers.
“I do have a code.”
Chloe ran cold water over a red pepper.
“Still wanna go where?”
Chloe focused one ear in Michelle’s direction, a little curious where she was going, and with whom.
“What’re you talking about?”
Chloe turned to watch Michelle.
“The Renaissance Festival?” It sounded like Red-a-sauce. “Why would I go there with you?”
Now she had Chloe’s complete attention. Michelle loved the Renaissance Festival. Chloe and Todd always took her along with them. It was her annual birthday gift.
“Guess.”
Chloe mouthed Who is it?
Michelle waved her off.
“Yeah, I know who this is. But you don’t know who I—” She paused to listen. “It’s me. Michelle, dope. Who’d you think?”
Chloe asked her again, this time out loud. “Who is it?”
“Okay. Be more careful next time. That’s a pretty dumb mistake.” She hung up.
“Who was that?”
“Nobody.”
“Tell me.”
“A former friend of mine.”
“You don’t have many friends, let alone former ones.”
Michelle glared at her. “I’m trying to be nice.”
“Is someone trying to get information about my ‘incident’ again?” Chloe went back to cut her pepper. The knife crashed against the cutting board with each hack, punctuating her words. “I wish everyone would leave me alone already. You’re such a bad liar.”
“It was Todd.”
She whipped around. “Todd?”
“He dialed wrong. Old habits, you know.”
Chloe tried to keep breathing. “He’s taking her to our festival?”
“Forget him. He’s a loser.” She formed an L on her forehead with her thumb and index finger. “Come on. Don’t start crying again. You’re better than he is.”
Chloe abandoned her pepper and ran upstairs to her room, where her heart that wasn’t there anymore broke into yet another shard.

***

The concrete corner made a miserable bed. When he’d fallen asleep—or maybe more like passed out—the alcohol had masked how awful a place it was to spend the night. But now, in spite of the insufferable accommodation, he yearned to get back to sleep, to check out. 
Then Chloe, her problems, and the impossible tasks before him came screaming back to mind and kept him from reclaiming the bliss of unconsciousness.
After Chloe’s mother had picked her up and the police left the store, another six-pack of beer had gone a long way to satisfy his thirst. And numb the fatigue. The episode with the robbery left him so depleted, he staggered away from the store much worse than what his drinking merited. Because the Celestials had not let him transfigure to heal his nose, and it was disallowed now, he couldn’t replenish his energy. The interdict was catching up with him and becoming a problem. Every time he transmuted matter, power went out of him, and he was running low. 
The patio on which he contemplated his misery belonged to a church on the corner of Federal and Thirty-seventh—partway between Chloe’s store and Chloe’s house. When he settled on it as a place to take his reprieve from guarding the girl, he’d done it with specific intentions—even as drunk as he was. In the morning, he would enter the sanctuary of the church, go into Communication Mode, and ask Mebahel if he could be released from his duty. He’d saved the girl yet another time. Surely the assignment could be considered complete.
He tried to push the whole debacle out of his thoughts. The morning sun warmed his face—Colorado sunshine had an edge not found at sea level. The Ray-Bans kept the painful light to a lower degree of torturous. A cool breeze carried the fragrance of a nearby rosebush. Occasional cars swooshed by but with the infrequency of a Sunday morning. It would be a beautiful morning if he could just forget—
A shadow fell over his face, cutting off the source of heat and light. “Excuse me, sir.”
A man in short sleeves and a tie was bent over him. He straightened up abruptly with a crinkled nose not hidden fast enough for Horatius to miss. 
“Would you like to come inside and have some coffee?” the man asked. “Or a bite to eat?”
Horatius got up, moving as steadily as he could manage. Bottles, dislodged by the shift, clinked and rolled across the concrete porch. 
This is worse than humiliating. “Ah, no. Thanks. I need to get going. I’m sorry. I just…thanks.” He clumsily chased after the elusive bottles, proving himself even more ungainly as they skittered out of his reach.
The man picked up a couple of bottles teetering on the edge of the porch and put them into the six-pack cardboard cartons. “No need to rush off. Really. I’d be happy to have a cup of coffee with you. We have some delicious Danishes this morning. Cream filling.” He smiled like all it took to make his day was the right donut.
The man’s sincerity soothed Horatius’ mortification. Maybe a cup of coffee would be good. That would be a way inside, too.
“Okay. All right. I’ll take a cup.” Horatius picked up the two six-packs but hesitated, not knowing what to do with them. He didn’t want to take them into the church. One of the church ladies might see them and disapprove.
“Here, I’ll take those. We recycle. I’ll put them in the bins. I’m Pastor Dave.”
Pastor Dave went in first, which allowed Horatius a quick moment to smooth his clothes, finger comb his hair and redo the band on his ponytail, and rub his eyes clear. His whiskered face felt rough and sloppy.
After putting the bottles in the bins, Pastor Dave led him to the basement fellowship hall. Horatius pulled a couple of dollars from his wallet and handed them to him.
“Oh, no need. We don’t charge for this. Besides, the coffee isn’t really that great anyway.” He chuckled but filled up a cup in spite of his poor review.
Horatius tucked away the cheap wallet while Pastor Dave loaded a Styrofoam plate with two donuts and a croissant for himself. With cream he diluted his coffee to a light tan and started tearing open pink packets and dumping in sweetener. Horatius pulled a Styrofoam cup off the top of the inverted stack. He pumped the pot. The coffee smelled thick and bitter, exactly what he needed.
Three elderly men sat at the one long folding table sipping from steaming cups. Pastor Dave sat down next to them. “How are those Danishes today, Bob? Remember to take your extra insulin this time?”
“Didn’t need to. Gus took the last cream-filled one.”
“Be careful, Gus. You’re going to split your pants, you’re not careful there.”
All one hundred and ten pounds of Gus laughed at that, like he hadn’t heard it every Sunday morning since Noah.
Bob and his companions found a lot of nothing to say about the donuts to Pastor Dave while Horatius sat at the end farthest away and took a bite. It had sweet pink icing with multicolored jimmies that hurt his teeth. The men at the other end of the table acted like coffee and pastries with a hung-over giant who reeked of booze was a common occurrence. Their grace was impressive.
Pastor Dave veered off the subject of donuts only once to comment about how well the outdoor roses were doing, how he needed to trim them, and how the usual caretaker had been laid up with gout. Then he said to Horatius, “If you’d like to stay a little longer, in a half hour we’ll be meeting upstairs for the service.”
“You have been extraordinarily courteous about it, but we all know I need a shower. I think I’ll just go sit in your sanctuary for a bit, if that is okay, but then I will be on my way before your regular group shows up.”
“Sure, sure. Go on up. Stay as long as you like. On Wednesday’s we have a food bank open, plus a meal, if you’re interested. It’s all printed on the flyer by the door upstairs. Help yourself. Thank you for having coffee with me.” Horatius liked Pastor Dave.
The sanctuary was peaceful and quiet. It felt good. With a deep breath Horatius closed his eyes, concentrated, and tuned into the Chatter.
First it came in torrents, then he singled out the voices from the correct quadrant. Discussions about the Keith Clan, its different generations and family lines, led him to the right group of Pure. By isolating those conversations and blocking out the others, Mebahel’s voice became clear.
“Hello, Horatius. Checking in so soon?”
I just wanted to report that I have saved the girl several times.
Leviah was nearby and he chuckled.
“Good. That is why you are there.”
It seems circumstances are worked out here for her. Her life is better. I am ready to finish up. To come back.
The long silence that followed made Horatius wonder what they were thinking.
“Horatius. There is much more to Guardianship than a few heroic saves.”
Yes, but—
“Do not kid yourself,” Leviah said. “You are in for the long haul. It will take far more time than this to accomplish anything worthwhile.”
“Focus on issues greater than just circumstantial,” Mebahel said.
“The girl’s spirit is demoralized. She needs to find the source of hope,” Jabamiah chimed in. “That does not happen over night.”
“It can take years,” Leviah said. “Years.”
“Give it at least another week,” Mebahel said. His tone included the sound of a smile. “Then we will talk again, all right?”
“Do not be discouraged. You have great potential, Horatius. You are very sincere in your desire for redemption,” Jabamiah said.
Horatius closed his mind and the Chatter disappeared.
A week? Can I last another week? Maybe, if he got focused and was able to stay off the booze. He’d make the girl’s life come together. The Celestials wanted her encouraged? He could do that. He just needed a good plan, based on an accurate assessment of what she needed.
And what she needed was a better job and a new boyfriend. Easy. Then she’d be safe and happy. He would help her with her résumé and applications. They’d mingle with some new people and find a boy to take her mind off that oaf Todd. Maybe this church had a youth group where she could meet a reasonable boy. 
Before he left the church, he filled out one of the flyers by the door with Chloe’s contact information and indicated she was interested in learning more. He left the church and went back to her house.
This time, her sister had the door open before he took his hand from the doorbell. Her head was down, and she was concentrating on her cell, texting.
“Finally. I’ve been— Oh, it’s just you.”
“Unfortunately, yes. It is I.” Her bright red nose was faded, and her eyes were less droopy.
“You’re supposed to be Benji’s babysitter.” 
“That, I am not.”
“Yeah, no kidding. I am so late. I should have left twenty minutes ago.” She checked her cell phone. “Mom took Nana to a doctor’s appointment and left me with Benji. But I’m supposed to meet Claire and Bethany at the mall. We’re seeing a movie. Then I don’t know what. We’ll hang out probably. At the mall. But I can’t if I’m here with Benji, can I?”
“Ah. I am sorry. But is your sister here?”
“Of course not, or I wouldn’t be stuck.” She came out onto the porch and plopped onto the glider bench and rocked rapidly back and forth.
“Is she at work?”
“Nope. Larkspur.” A text chimed in and her thumbs blurred to send a reply.
“Ah.” It meant nothing to him. “Larkspur?”
“The festival. Renaissance Festival. We go every year. Used to anyway. She and Todd take—took me. But not this year. They are…” She drew a finger across her neck and mouthed over. “It’s my birthday next Saturday. I’ll be sixteen. You can get me something nice, since you keep showing up. A silver bracelet, maybe?” She held up her naked wrist. “I’ll share my cake with you. I’ll have to make one myself this year, I guess. Unless you want to bring it. Mom won’t get it. She hardly gets out of bed anymore. Tony won’t even remember. He forgot last year and he hadn’t even moved out yet. Chocolate, of course. The cake. I like Mermaids Bakery. It’s downtown. The Turtle Dove. Dark chocolate, cream cheese. Pecans and caramel. You’ll think you’ve died and gone to heaven. Unlike their Heaven cake. That has fruit and zucchini in it. Who ever heard of that?” She stopped and stared like it was his turn to ramble high speed nonsense at her now. 
“This festival. What is it? Where is Larkspur?”
Her phone chimed again and she took a second to text back.
“I love it. We can go next weekend, okay? You can drive. I won’t have my license till Monday. And you have to wear a costume. Everyone does, or they don’t let you in. It’s south of here, a little past Castle Rock. Chloe went today to spy on that idiot Todd and her replacement, Rebecca.” She said the name in a pinched voice with a sour face. “So, want to go? On Saturday day with me? And bring the cake? They have different sizes. I like the biggest round one.”
She talked so fast, he had to pause a moment to let his brain catch up with her words. While he tried to process, her eyes suddenly opened wide.
“Hey, you could watch Benji. Mom should be back soon. Only an hour or two. Or so. He’s a good kid. Just don’t let him have peanuts. He’ll blow up like a puffer fish. He likes piggyback rides. And that way you’ll know where he—”
“No, no. No no no. Hold on. I don’t like children. And they most certainly do not like me.” 
He backed down the stairs, but Michelle jumped up off the glider and skipped down the steps past him. 
“Come back here. I did not say I would. I have things—”
“Thanks!” she yelled as she ran down the street, not slowing at all.
“Wait. Come back here,” he called out, running to the edge of the yard. She disappeared around the corner. “Of all the—” He cursed several crude words but turned and found two young eyes staring at him from the doorway. The words coming out stopped and got stuck in his throat. It took a moment to regain his composure under the gaze of the little boy wearing green pajamas with dinosaurs.
“Hello.” They stared at each other. Horatius didn’t know what to do. “I really cannot take care of you. I have to go to Larkspur and find your sister.”
He didn’t answer.
“Really. I must go. Go back inside now and play, or watch television or whatever little people like you do.” They stared at each other some more.
Those little eyes looked so trusting.
“I have a lot to get done and very little time in which to do it. I really want to get circumstances in line so I can go back home. If I can just find Chloe, I can get this worked out and be on my way.” He couldn’t believe he was justifying himself to a little child wearing flannel dinosaurs. 
The boy stepped forward and held out his hand to give something to Horatius. The gesture elicited unexpected fear. What might he be handing me? A writhing, half chewed worm? A gooey booger stuck on his finger? 
“How about you keep it, eh? I don’t need one of those.”
When his fingers opened, Horatius flinched. But all that was in his little palm was a tiny rubber tyrannosaurus rex. And it looked free of debris—gooey or otherwise.
How ridiculous. Even embarrassing. “Ah, a very nice dinosaur you have there, little fellow. Nice dinosaur. Oh, you want me to take it? You better keep it. I can’t take your nice little toy there.” The boy moved it closer, like he wouldn’t accept no for an answer.
“Okay, for just a minute though. I will watch it for you.” Horatius reached for it, but the boy pulled it back just before Horatius got it. A huge smile split his face and he laughed like bells ringing.
“Twicked ya,” he said. 
It took a moment to realize the boy was only playing with him. The boy held it out again, his face serious.
“You know the saying, fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice.... Well, maybe you don’t.”
His palm still held the toy out toward Horatius.
With a swift move, Horatius snatched it. The boy’s eyes opened wide and Horatius realized his mistake. Just as he started to hand it back to the tyke with apologies ready, the ringing laugh started again.
“Now you do it to me,” the boy said. “Let me twy.”
Remarkable. He’s unexpectedly cute. And not terribly annoying. “Okay. But first, tell me your name.”
“Benji, silly.”
“Okay then, Benji Silly. Now it is your turn. See if you can grab it, Benji Silly.”
They played a few more rounds with Horatius holding the dinosaur and letting Benji Silly try to snatch it away.
“Okay, you keep it now. I really need to go. Let’s get you settled inside and I will be on my way.”
“You can’t leave me alone. I’m only—” He held up four fingers. “This many. You have to wait till Mommy comes back.”
“I can’t stay here. I have things to do. I need to go to Larkspur.”
“Okay.”
“Okay what?”
“Take me with you.”
“I can’t take you with me.” He may be cute, but he’s not that cute.
“Why not?”
“Why not? Well, that is obvious. You’re just a child.”
The little trusting eyes looked at him again.
“Mommy takes me.”
“To the Renaissance Festival?”
He nodded.
“That is not a period the young should see. It is practically medieval. Plague, war, pillage, rape—” Horatius pulled his lips in and clamped down. He had not meant to say all that to a four-year-old.
“What’s those things?”
“Nothing. Nothing. Um, it is just bad people. Bullies. You have heard of bullies? No? Well, they are people who are not nice.” 
“I’ll get my pack-pack. And a juice box and some goldfish. Come on.” He went into the house. From inside he called, “Do you want some goldfish?”
Horatius shook his head. He could not believe he was considering this. “Hic sunt dracones,” he muttered to himself. Probably even worse than dragons in unchartered waters. He pulled off his Ray-Bans and followed the little kid inside, wondering what in the world he was getting himself into.

***

Chloe hid in the shadow of a tree, watching from behind the dark side of its trunk. The air smelled of suntan lotion, manure, and beer, depending on which way the breeze blew. Cheered on by raucous spectators, two men dressed in medieval battle gear kicked their horses toward each other in the fenced yard, their lances aimed at each other’s chest plate. She didn’t notice who knocked off whom because her attention turned to the faces in the bleachers, scanning the people for Todd. The picnickers on the grass around her were already eliminated. Plenty of under-clad onlookers, red from the sun and squinting to see the show. But no Todd.
“Chloe?” A hand landed on her shoulder from behind.
A shot of adrenaline hit her heart and she couldn’t breathe. She didn’t want Todd to find her first. A whole different scenario had played out in her head—with her in control, her looking calm and nonchalant, not desperately hiding behind a tree.
Slowly, she turned around, sorting like lightening through the possible ideas to explain herself.
Horace. Horace was there, all seven-feet-or-so-tall of him, decked out in the most ostentatious, gaudy costume she’d ever seen.
“What are you doing here?”
“That’s what I was going to ask you.”
“Are you working here?” She gestured to his getup, hoping his presence was a coincidence.
“I am looking for you.”
“You just happened to look here?”
“Yes. I thought of this exact tree and came. See? I was right.” He gave her that mirror-perfected smile again.
“Michelle told you.” Chloe would have to teach that girl to keep her mouth shut. “What do you want?” He couldn’t find out she was looking for Todd. He’d think it was pathetic.
“Hi, Chloe,” a young voice said, coming from behind the puffy pant leg of the hulking mass of Horace.
It took a second to process it was Benji. “What are you doing here? How’d you get here?”
“We came in a tacky cab.”
“You brought him with you? Is Michelle here, too?” She looked behind them for her sister. All she needed was an entire circus troupe hanging around.
“Shelly went to a movie. We playing. He’s fun.”
Of course Benji liked him. Benji craved attention. And he’d especially enjoy it from a giant with a friendly smile. “What are you wearing? Where’d you get that?” His clothes were the exact same costume that Horace wore, only a tiny replica. His Cars backpack was in stark contrast to the golden brocade and braiding. “Aren’t you dying in this heat?” Then to Horace, “You can’t dress little kids in stuff like this. He’ll get heat stroke.” 
“I thought you would like our appearance. He isn’t hot. It is a special fabric that keeps him cool. No need to worry.” Horace lifted Benji and plopped him up on his broad, left shoulder. It was a bench to Benji. 
“He’s wearing fur and a heavy rug. Tights and a hat, too? Horace, you can’t do that to a little kid. Benji, are you okay?” Though too high on Horace’s shoulder to easily reach, Chloe still pulled at his costume to try to release him from the oven it surely was.
Horace covered her frantic hands with his huge, still hand. “Really, he is okay. Look at his face. He’s not sweating or even flushed. I fixed them so he won't be overheated. He is fine. In fact, he’s cooler than anyone here.”
True, Benji looked comfortable. Maybe the billows of the costume were stuffed with ice packs. He certainly looked happy up there. And cuter than ever as a little replica of the giant on whom he perched.
“Why are you here really? You look silly. That’s the biggest, most pompous thing I’ve ever seen.”
“Your sister led me to believe it was a requirement for admittance. Obviously by your scant modern dress, she lied to me.” He wasn't looking at her face.
“Yeah, well she does that sometimes.” Chloe pulled her shorts down longer, or at least tried. Horace inspected her with thorough interest. “She sure got you good.” She pulled up her tank to cover up a bit more, too. “Yep, she’s a prankster, all right.” His brown eyes were incredibly intense. And penetrating.
He put his eyes back on her face, like he hadn’t just totally checked her out. “I will have you know this is an exact replica of what Henry VIII wore for his coronation.”
“Is that what the guy at the costume shop fed you?" Chloe hoped her chuckle didn’t sound nervous. Or stupid.
“This is no gimmicky, run-of-the-mill mere ‘costume’ as you put it. You wouldn’t believe how authentic it is if I told you.”
“You’re way too dark and tall to pull off King Henry. And does Mom know you have Benji? We don’t know you well enough to just let you take him anywhere you want.”
“My original plan did not include bringing him here. It was necessary. Your sister left me with no other option.”
Chloe rolled her eyes at him. “He’ll stay with me. You’re free to go. Now, leave.”
“I want to ‘hang out’ with you, as you people say.”
“I don’t want to hang out.”
“I do.”
“And you always get what you want?”
“Yes, I mostly do.” 
Those perfect teeth again.
“Listen, I’m busy. Go away.” She turned back to scan the crowd again.
“Do you think he’s over there?”
She turned on him. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m just enjoying the festival. And I’d like to do it without you watching me do it. You should go. Benji and I’ll go home in a bit.” She stretched out her arms to catch Benji, and Horace lowered him into her hands.
“I don’t wanna go home. Can I have some candy?” She set Benji down on his own two feet.
“What would you plan for Todd if you found him?”
She pretended not to hear Horace and abandoned the tree to walk through the picnickers, pulling Benji along in one hand, carrying his backpack in the other.
“Quit following me. You’re stalking me again. I’ll call the cops.” She tried to sound firm. So he’d figured out what she was doing. Michelle probably told him that, too. At least she could get away from him and keep him from giving her away. He wasn’t exactly inconspicuous. 
“I’m helping you, not stalking you.”
“This is not helping.” What if Todd sees me with another guy? But Horace? Tall, overdressed, older. Would Todd just laugh at her?
“Remember, I am the good guy. Haven’t we bonded with all we have been through together?”
She kept going, maneuvering through the crowd, towing Benji along. “Bonding. Is that what we did?” But then again, older means a real man. A handsome man. Maybe tall wasn’t so bad. And maybe his getup would show he’s creative, and a good sport.
“It is nice to see you with some energy. Where are you going in such a hurry?”
“Okay. You’re on to me. Yes, I’m looking for Todd. I don’t know what I’m going to do when I find him. Maybe if he sees us together, it will catch his attention. Or maybe he’ll think I’m a desperate pathetic girl on a rebound date. I don’t know. What do you think? Should we look like a couple or should I get as far from you as I can?” 
“Chloe, he came with another girl. You have to accept that.”
If he’d slugged her in the gut, it would have hurt less. It took a minute to be able to speak. When she did, it only came out in a whisper. “No. I don’t have to accept anything. Why would you tell me that?” She went to a bench in front of the Globe Stage and sat down hard. 
Horace picked Benji back up and put him on his shoulder again so he could watch a satire acted out on the stage. Which was fine, because Chloe needed some time alone to compose herself. She looked the other way into the crowd, hoping to keep her ever-so-ready-to-spill tears inside her eyes.
A blond head of hair like Todd’s bobbed above a group several buildings away. Todd was tall enough that she could often spot him over other people. She jumped up but couldn’t see well enough, so she climbed up onto the bench and strained onto her toes.
“I’ll be back.” She jumped down and took off into the crowd. She zigged and zagged among the people, past artisan shops and street actors and musicians and hawkers. But she couldn’t find him. She circled around and made her way back to the bench, much slower on the return trip. Benji was standing on the bench alone still watching the show.
“Where did Horace go?”
Benji pointed into a crowd of people, but Chloe didn’t see him.
“He shouldn’t have left you here alone. He doesn’t know anything about kids.” She deflated onto the hot bench without an idea of what to do next. “Aren’t you melting in that?” she asked Benji, poking at his sleeves. 
He shook his head, but kept his eyes on the juggler on the stage throwing flames through the air.
Within five minutes, Horace was back, holding three giant turkey legs in one fist and two cups balanced in the palm of the other.
“Hungry?”
Chloe narrowed her eyes and glared at him, ready to scold him for abandoning Benji, but the aroma of the meat sauce caught her nose and her stomach growled. 
“What’s that?” she asked, gesturing to the cups with her chin.
“Beer. Apparently they brew it themselves. Let’s give it a try and see if it’s any good.”
“You keep forgetting. I’m only seventeen.”
“Only? I started drinking long before seventeen.”
She rolled her eyes at him. “Like you’re a good example to follow.”
“Bibo ergo sum.”
“What is that? Sounds like Greek.”
He rattled off some other words that sounded even more foreign. “That, my dear, is Greek. The previous, Latin. I said, I drink, therefore I am.”
“What you ‘am’ is a giant lush. You drink way too much.”
“If you don’t want it, just say so. I’ll drink it for you. Benji has juice cartons in his backpack,” Horace said, like he was some kind of good caretaker. “You can have one of those.”
Benji ate four bites of his drumstick, and Horace finished the rest. The juice and food put her mind on something else for a short reprieve. Before she knew it, thirty minutes had passed with them walking among the shops and stopping to watch an act here and there. After a short play, Chloe realized she’d forgotten to watch for Todd.
She looked up and scanned the crowd again. “I, um, need to find a bathroom.”
“He left.”
“Who left?”
“Todd.”
“You don’t even know him.”
“Benji exchanged words with him on our way in. He and the girl were exiting the gate.”
“You saw him and didn’t tell me?” 
“I said he was with a girl.”
She hit him in the chest. She couldn’t help it.
“Why are you beating on me?” Horace said.
Chloe wanted to scream. “Why didn’t you tell me? I thought Michelle told you that. Now I’ve wasted all this time.”
“Wasted? But I thought we were having fun. We were having fun, weren’t we, Benji Silly?”
Benji nodded.
Chloe threw her hands to her temples. “How is this supposed to help me here?”
“Help you what? What are you trying to accomplish? From what I understand, you’re lucky to have found out what he’s really like. You should walk away and be glad.”
“Glad?” she whispered. “We’re supposed to be together.”
“You want betrayal and disrespect and emotional abuse?”
Chloe stared at him. She had no answer. “I have to go. Come on, Benji. It’s time to go home.”
“Can I have a ride to Denver?” Horace asked. “I am finished here, if you are.”
She pulled Benji behind her into the parking lot and didn’t even turn around when she said, “Use your thumb.”

***

The next day, when Horatius arrived at Chloe’s house to escort her to work, her mother was wrestling with a lawnmower, trying to push it up the small hill of their front yard. The thick grass enveloped the mower in its high overgrowth. Completely inept, and even wearing sleepwear, she was losing the battle. When she lifted her knee for leverage, her bare foot emerged from the tall turf. She’d be lucky to still have ten toes when she finished.
Watching from the front porch was an old woman who was a wrinkled, colorless version of Chloe’s mom. She rocked a slow, steady rhythm back and forth on the glider bench, looking up from her needlework to check on the fight between the other woman, the mower, and gravity.
“I’d be pleased to do that for you,” Horatius said over the roar of the motor. He tipped his new Stetson back and removed his Ray-Bans.
She stopped, straightened back up with terrible effort and let out an exhausted breath. She was half way up the short hill, and he stood on the sidewalk, so their eyes were nearly on the same level. “Oh, I couldn’t let you do that,” she mouthed through the noise. 
She was so pathetic, he couldn’t accept her protest and took the mower from her. 
It turned off when she released the safety handle. “I don’t have any money to pay you,” she said.
“No need to worry about payment. Dum vivimus servimus. I live to serve.” And it wouldn’t hurt to do a good deed, after failing with Chloe yesterday.
“Well, I didn’t want to anyway. I’m only doing it because a neighbor complained.” She gave an exhausted smile then retreated to the front concrete steps to sit between the two giant concrete planters full of straggly geraniums. Ten minutes later, the small vertical squares of grass on both sides of the sidewalk were cut. The trim didn’t make up for the peeling paint and crumbling concrete. The house was a mess and Horatius hoped the girl’s life would be more easily repaired. 
He pushed the mower to the side yard toward the garage and Chloe came onto the porch. This morning her eyes were brighter, like they’d been the day before at the Renaissance festival—a marked improvement over the days of coma-like desolation. 
“Did you see that, Chloe? That tall colored boy mowed the lawn for your mother. He just walked up and took over.”
“Nana, we don’t say that anymore. He’s a friend of mine.” She let the screen door snap shut behind her.
Hmm, a friend of hers. I’m making progress.
“Is he our new gardener?”
“Nana, it’s okay. I have to go to work.” She clipped down the three steps in her bare feet and across the grass. Her sandals dangled from her fingers. She didn’t invite him to follow.
Well, maybe not that much progress.
“Did you finish the dishes?” Chloe’s mother called after her. When Chloe ignored her, she shrugged like Chloe always did and went inside.
Horatius touched his hat brim to the older woman then caught up with Chloe.
“How are you today?” he asked.
“What’s with the hat?”
“Do you like it?” It was a Stetson, like the cowboy’s he’d seen in the store.
She shrugged her shoulders and stepped down the curb to cross the street.
“I passed an establishment called Rockmount on my way back from the festival yesterday. I couldn’t resist it.” He pulled the hat down, tilting it slightly, and gave her a dashing gaze.
“I knew you’d find a ride.”
“I procured a bicycle. Men as large as I, who look like terrorists, dressed as King Henry, don’t get offered a ride.” To get the conveyance, he had transmuted an abandoned tire along the roadside into a bike. It depleted less energy since it was already partially the composition of what he needed.
Chloe refused to look at him. He righted the hat and put his Ray-Bans back on, realizing he was not going to get a smile from her. 
She stammered a moment, as though she wanted to say something. He let the silence hang.
“That was nice of you to help my mom,” Chloe finally said.
“Faciam quodlibet quod necesse est.”
“What does that mean?”
“I’m glad to help.” He wasn’t going to tell her what it really meant, that to win her over, he’d do whatever was necessary. 
They walked in silence for another block.
“The house looks terrible. Nana hadn’t been able to take care of it for a long time before we moved in.”
“I could help. Some new paint and fixing those broken rain gutters will make a difference.”
They walked passed several more addresses.
“Mom’s having a hard time since Dad left. She hasn’t been doing very well on her own.”
“It is always a difficult thing when marriages fall apart.”
“We had to move in with Nana. Mom didn’t have the nerve to make him leave. So he gets the house, and we’re stuck squeezed into Nana’s broken-down old house.”
“That missing railing shouldn’t be too hard to replace. I can trim the tree tomorrow.”
That made Chloe stop. Three steps later he noticed and went back to where she stood. 
“Where do you live? What do you do? Why were you in Scotland? How did you find me? Why are you helping me?”
“Not far from here. Over off Thirty-Eighth.”
She waited. “That only answers one of my questions.”
He tried her method and shrugged his shoulders.
“Don’t you have something better to do?”
A million other things. Anything else. But he couldn’t admit that to her. “No.”
She started walking again. “I thought about what you said.”
“Which part?”
“About how Todd treats—treated me. I don’t want to need him so bad, you know. I just can’t help it. I’ve loved him since fifth grade. He made me feel special. He was always the one everyone wanted for a friend. Then he chose me. He promised he’d show me he loved me once we got engaged.”
“He will never do what he promised. He will only hurt you, and keep hurting you. The sooner you can break away and not let him determine your worth, the better. If you want me to, I can—” he was going to say kill, but thought better of it “— beat him up.”
Chloe rolled her eyes. “That’s stupid.”
“Not where I come from.”
“Well, it is here.” She laughed to herself. “But thanks for being willing to.”
The shift at the store went by easily. Chloe was surprised when the clock showed several hours had already passed. Somehow, Horace standing guard at the door felt good. She enjoyed looking over at him and smiling every once in a while. He kept tipping that new silly hat at her.
Business was constant. People bought gas. People bought lotto tickets and cigarettes. People bought junk food. Chloe collected their money. Horace greeted customers. Horace thanked customers. Horace even was actually kind of funny. He told one woman her baby was a fine specimen. The woman told him to stay away from her or she’d call the cops.
At midnight, Chloe’s relief came and she headed for home with Horace at her side.
“Better put your shoes back on. You can’t see what you are stepping on in the dark.”
“Yes, Mother,” Chloe said and she slipped her sandals back on. She didn’t think she needed to, but tonight she didn’t mind doing what he suggested. He was starting to seem kind of like a giant puppy dog trailing her everywhere she went. It wasn’t such a bad thing.
Four blocks from the store, a shadow stepped out of the alley. One of the gangbangers who’d held them up at the store. Chloe looked at Horace. He’d know what to do. He was way bigger than the kid in front of them. 
But before she could catch his eye, four bullets slammed into his back.
CHAPTER 16

Chloe screamed. With each popping explosion, she screamed louder, ready to feel the bullet rip into her.
Horace collapsed flat on his face onto the sidewalk. Her screaming started again. She couldn’t stop it. It just shot out of her throat.
Hands grabbed her from behind and yanked her back into a throat lock. Her arms were trapped across her chest.
Someone yelled in her ear to shut up. She couldn’t. She had no control over the hysteria. Horace was dead on the ground next to her, and she’d be there soon, too. But not until after the “worse-than-death” stuff Horace had warned her about.
The gangbanger squeezed the breath out of her and pulled her back into the alley. She picked her feet off the ground and kicked and flailed and squirmed as hard as she could. The guy grunted and cursed and smashed her tighter. He called her horrible things and screamed at her to hold still. Then he yelled to the others in another language. One of them wore Horace’s hat, grinning like it was a game. Another emptied Horace’s pockets. He distracted her captor showing him Horace’s ID. She rammed her heel back and clipped him hard in the knee. He ejected her onto the ground, yelling words she didn’t recognize. 
The crash to the ground stunned her. She couldn’t catch her breath.
Then a mob of feet shuffled around her in a circle. She lifted her head and saw high tops, baggy shorts, and a barricade of hairy shins. 
Oh God. Help me!
Rough hands grabbed at her and lifted her off the ground when Horace twitched. A gun swung around in one of their hands. Horace, don’t move. They’ll shoot you again.
The gun blasted—a brilliant light flashed and obliterated the darkness. She couldn’t see, blinded by the bright explosion. Was she shot? Did a bomb go off? The gangbangers shrieked. 
They dumped her back onto the ground. She blinked and squinted, trying to make sense of what she saw. 
The spot where Horace had lain was empty. Above it was a mini sun. The sun hovered above the circle of their attackers. It held a flaming sword in one hand. Its face—it was the thing from Dunnottar Castle! And that thing was Horace! How could she have missed the resemblance before?
The sheath of flame in his hand slashed down and cut through the waists of all those standing. No burn marks or blood showed, but they screamed like their insides were ripped out. Falling over each other and yelling, they tripped and ran away panicked.
Chloe got herself up off the ground, not taking her eyes from Horace.
“It’s you.” She was afraid yet drawn to him.
“We can’t stay here like this. It’s too dangerous.”
To punctuate what he said, an arrow of flame hit the sidewalk next to them. It burst into pieces of red light and noise. Up in the sky, a bright purple meteorite hurled toward them.
Horace swung around and raised his sword. It crashed with thunder against another flaming arrow, knocking it aside where it exploded in deep red sparks. Immediately after it, another arrow came, then another. He kept whacking them away while the purple ball of energy catapulted closer and closer. 
Chloe was suddenly up in the sky. She was in Horace’s arms, flying through the air, zipping away from the mountains, over the lights of the city. The purple meteorite changed its direction and followed after them. He was a creature like Horace, coming at them with a bow of blue hot flame in his hands, pulling back hard with another fiery arrow. 
The burning shaft came right at them, but Horace dropped fast and the arrow missed, just barely, evaporating into a spray of ash. She buried her face into his chest and the overwhelming fear diminished. She gained enough courage to look out again. There were more purple meteorites chasing them, gaining on them. All the fear returned, only worse than before. One purple being went high, another low, and the third stayed on their tail. Three flaming arrows came at once, aimed to meet in the middle—right where she and Horace were flying. Chloe screamed and braced for the impact.

***

Horatius had barely made it into the sky. Those bullets could have just as easily gone into Chloe’s back. Not only had he failed to guard her, but he’d shown everyone in the heavens where he was, and that she was important to him. He’d ruined everything.
As soon as Satarel’s henchmen located him and sped toward his position, he snatched up Chloe and flew away like a bat out of hell. Now three of them were closing in on them. They were too close. He couldn’t out-fly them.
In the distance was a church steeple, and just before three arrows converged on him, he dropped in altitude and dove for the sanctuary. He sent word to the sentinels of the church that they were coming in—with Fallen on their heels.
The guards’ swords parted, opening a passageway for a brief moment. Horatius took control of Chloe’s quantum particles and skipped them past the roof into the church, leaving the Fallen outside for the sentinels.
Horatius slowed when they materialized on the other side of dome ceiling and sunk to the floor of the sanctuary, which was lit only by moonlight through stained glass windows. He opened his arms and let Chloe slide down onto her feet.
She whipped around to face him as soon as she got her balance.
“You’re you!” she exclaimed. “Why didn’t you tell me? What just happened? That was incredible. You saved me! Again! You’re huge. Who was that chasing us? Could they have hurt you? How’d we get here?” She looked up at the ceiling. “How’d we do that?”
“Slow down. Are you okay?”
“Your voice! It’s amazing. It’s like we’re inside a kettledrum.” She inspected his face, his garment, then fixated on his wings. She lightly fluffed an edge. “Oh! Is it okay to touch them?”
“Are you hurt?” he asked. He turned her around as though to inspect her back to stop her from staring so intently at him.
She wouldn’t stay turned away and whirled back to face him. He ducked. He feigned to look down at the dark spots on her knees. They appeared to be scraped. Specks of different colors spotted her skin from the stained glass. He couldn’t tell in the dim light what was injury and what was shadow.
“No, no. I’m fine. That was incredible! We actually flew!”
“It helps at times.” Horatius swept his arms in an arc and the candelabras sputtered to life and cast a golden glow about the room. Her knees looked fine.
Chloe grinned at the candles then got serious. “Who were they? Why were they chasing us?”
He tried to think of a simple explanation. There wasn’t one. “It’s a long story.”
“Tell me. I want to know.” She contemplated the ceiling some more. “That was amazing. We were on one side, then the other. We didn’t even go through it. How did you do that? Could those arrows have hurt us? Are we safe here?”
Horatius mentally checked in with the sentinels a moment. “For now. We can stay awhile. They’ve suspended the security alarms for us.” 
“What were you just doing? That looked cool. Are you communicating? I heard you before we came in. Who are you talking to?”
“Slow down. Please. Let me think a moment. I need to make sure everything is secure. Just because we’re in Sanctuary, it doesn’t mean I can be off guard. I’ve made some grave errors.”
“Okay. Okay. You do your…your…whatever it is you do, and I’ll just sit here and wait.” She scooted behind the wooden pew front into the first row and sat on the edge of her seat, watching him like he’d perform or something. 
She is liking this far too much.
“You know, you could have died out there. This is very serious.”
She waved him off. “Obviously no big deal for someone like you.” She grinned again. Much too enthusiastically.
“First I need to change back.”
She grinned even bigger.
He felt exposed with her watching him so intently. “Ah…”
Her face turned proper and knowing. “Of course. I’m sorry. You want some privacy.” She twisted away and folded her arms across the back of the pew. “I wish I could watch. I mean,” she threw in quickly, “I just want to see it again. It was so incredible back there when you started glowing.”
“All right. I'm finished. You can turn around.”
Her expression was totally new. Nothing would be the same again. He’d really changed everything.
A bottle of Evian was on the pulpit. He jumped to grab it. “Thank God. I need a drink.” He concentrated on the hydrogen and oxygen molecules. The water churned and darkened to a deep, dry burgundy. He unscrewed the lid, took a deep whiff, then gulped. “Oh, that was a good year.” He savored the weight and viscosity of the wine then finished it, oblivious for a brief moment of the girl and everything around him. “La vie est trop courte pour boire du mauvais vin.” When he reopened his eyes, she was staring at him like she had fallen in love. 
“Oh. My. God. You just,” her voice went up into a shrill shriek, “turned water into wine!”
Maybe not just such a smart idea.
“How did you do that?” she said in her same shrill screech.
“Um, I can, ah, alter matter.”
“Oh. My. God. You are so cool! That was French, right? Something about life and wine? How many languages do you speak?”
He wasn’t sure if he should say. After hesitating, he went ahead and answered. “All of them.”
She actually squealed and her hands shook. “Oh. My. God. You are just the most amazing, most brilliant creature I’ve ever met.” She beamed, not even attempting to rein in her admiration for him.
“We better have a talk,” he said. 
She scooted over and patted the red bench pad, still grinning like a monkey.
When he sat down, she said in a whisper, “I cannot believe this. You’re like the coolest thing I’ve ever, ever, ever seen.”
What could he say? He’d never shown himself like this to a human. If Chloe knew what he was, she’d give him away. Safeguarding his secrets was the only defense against his father. But Satarel would specifically target her now that he knew she was tangled with Horatius. More than destroying Keiths and their descendants, Satarel wanted to destroy Horatius and anything he valued. What a mess! How could I have been so careless? He looked at her, grinning up at him, like it was a game. She was so vulnerable. She would need to know how to protect herself. He’d have to tell her his secrets.
“I need to tell you some things. Some very important, serious things.” He paused to give her a moment to prepare. “I am Nephilim.”
Her intoxicated grin did not change. “Is that somewhere in the Middle East?”
“No, that’s a people. A race of a certain type.” He took a deep breath. “I better start back in the beginning.” He pulled a Bible from the rack in the pew, opened it a few pages in, and tilted it toward the light. “I want you to read something.” He handed her the Bible and pointed in the middle of a page. “Genesis, chapter six. Start at the first verse there.” 
“When men began to increase in number on the earth and daughters were born to them, the sons of God saw that the daughters of men were beautiful, and they married any of them they chose. The Nephilim were on the earth in those days—and also afterward—when the sons of God went to the daughters of men and had children by them. They were the heroes of old, men of renown.” Chloe’s eyes opened wide. “What does that mean? Your father is an angel?”
“Not anymore. He went with Shemhazi, who followed Lucifer when he led over two hundred Celestials to earth to take the women of their choosing. My mother was one of them, from a place near Egypt.”
“So, um, you’re like a billion years old?” It was hard for him to read Chloe’s face. Was it incredulity, fear, mockery?
“Not a billion.”
“And you’re…a…demon?”
“No!” He didn’t mean to yell. “No. I am not like my father.”
“Are you a god? ‘Heroes of old’ sounds like mythology.” She was smiling again, clearly missing the gravity of the situation.
“I am not a god either. But those who spread the stories of mythology based them on many of the Nephilim.”
“Which god are you?”
“I’m not a god. The stories grew out of things people didn’t understand.”
“But which one were you? Which stories did you inspire?”
“What does it matter? I am not the same anymore.”
“If it doesn’t matter, then tell me.”
He waited while he decided what he would say. “Horus. The hawk god. I don’t want to talk about it.” He hated to think of the time when he allowed humans to believe he was a god. It was part of what condemned him, what he was trying to undo.
“Were those demons chasing us?”
Horatius didn’t want to scare Chloe, but needed her to understand the danger. “They work with my father.”
“But we’re safe here?”
“For the moment. The sentinels stationed here will fend them off. They will attack a little while, but it is almost always futile. But we can’t stay too long. I don’t want to draw attention to this place.”
“Almost? What does that mean? What happens if—?” She didn’t finish her sentence. “You know, they made me feel horrible. I was so scared.”
“You need to understand how to defend yourself. You are going to be under attack. I don’t know when or where, but if you understand what you can do, you will have the advantage.”
“Against the purple guys?” Her voice went up two octaves. “Won’t you help me?” She wasn’t as brave as she  pretended to be.
“Of course I will, but you have strength. Even against my father. You have the power to withstand them. If they enter your thoughts—”
“What?” she screeched. “They can get into my head?” Her grin was gone.
“You need to resist them. Tell them to leave you alone. Deny them, decry them. And they will go.”
“I just think against them and those big purple scary creatures will stop shooting their flaming arrows at me?”
“I am talking about when they attack your thoughts, your spirit. I will take care of you when they attack in the physical realm.”
“I just think against them?”
“Yes, you have the freedom to deny them. Do you ever have thoughts or ideas that don’t seem like your own, or seem to want to destroy you? Like when you jumped from the cliff at Dunnottar?”
Chloe squirmed at the mention of that incident. She shrank into herself, becoming a smaller presence. 
Her bravado is just a show.
“All the time,” she said in a quiet hush. “Is that them?” 
She so clearly needed a Guardian. “My father relishes suicide. He loves to wipe out all hope. Especially for your family line.”
Chloe looked confused.
“You’ve heard of Guardian angels, right? Everyone has one. You also have Watchers, the opposite of Guardians. They do all they can to ruin you. Keith is your ancient family line, who the Dixons come from. My father is a Keith Watcher. And a Watcher for all the descendants of the Keith Clan, such as your line. He has been for centuries.”
“You mean there are things out there—like your father—trying to destroy me?”
“But I am working against them. That is what I do. And the other Guardians. You aren’t alone.”
“Wait until I tell Kaitlyn. She’s going to die to hear about you.”
“You can’t tell anyone. The Fallen can’t hear me when I’m in human form and not tuned into the Common Thoughts, or when I’m in Sanctuary, but they can hear you. And if you talk about me, or even think too specifically about where I am, you will give me away. And that would be a bad thing.”
She twitched as though a shiver ran up her spine. 
Horatius heard from one of the sentinels. “The Fallen have left. We can go. We will have to find a way to get you home. I brought you quite a long way distance.”
“Are we in east Denver?” she said.
“We did go east.”
“Aurora?”
“A little farther than that.”
She went to a window and tried to see through the colored glass. “What church is this?”
He cleared his throat and stalled. “Ah…Saint John’s.”
“Downtown? On Washington?”
“Saint John’s in Washington.” Her eyes turned their biggest yet since Horatius had met her. “I had to do something fast.”
“We’re in Washington D.C.?” Her voice was up two octaves again.
“But don’t panic. I’m going to find a way to get you home.”
CHAPTER 17

“When we go back out there, you’ll keep us safe from the purple guys again, right?” Chloe’s voice trembled. “I can’t wait to fly like that again—as long as those purple guys aren’t following us.”
“I can’t fly right now.”
“Okay. You rest fifteen more minutes. Twenty if you need it.”
“I’m afraid fifteen hours isn’t going to be enough time.”
“Why not? What’s wrong?”
“If I were to transfigure right now and leave Sanctuary, Satarel—my father—would be back in no time. I have to stay in my human form, undetectable for a while. He can’t perceive me when I’m like this. He won’t see me unless he possesses a human and looks through those eyes, or I transfigure. It is as though I am in a blind spot to the Celestials when I am on earth in human form and they aren’t here looking at me.”
“So we’ll hang here all night. Then what?”
“No, no. I need to find a way to get you home. I’m probably already in extreme trouble. I’ve broken a plethora of regulations. And after Scotland, your parents don’t need to go through the anguish of losing you again.”
“I don’t mind. As long as I can stay with you.” She tentatively reached out again and rested her hand on his arm.
“I’m not certain that can happen. I may need to disappear for a bit.”
“You can’t leave. Not now. I want to stay with you.”
“I’ll have to see what my superiors say.”
“You  might be in trouble?”
“Might? No. To what degree I’m in trouble is more the question.”
“But you saved me. Why would you get in trouble for that?”
“It’s complex. I’m not to interfere with freedom of  choice. And I’m not supposed to reveal myself to humans. And I’m certainly not allowed to fly them through the heavens.”
“If I get home soon and don’t complain, will that help?”
“I can only hope.” Horatius appreciated her desire to protect him. But he knew she could do little to help. Though getting her back home as soon as possible was the best idea. “We can check on the red-eyes to Denver. See if we can get you home that way.”
“An airplane? I don’t have money for that.”
“Nor do I. I will have to ask for a little assistance.”
Chloe pointed up at the ceiling with a questioning look and mouthed, Those guys? 
Horatius nodded. “Could one of you get Chloe back to Denver for me?” Horatius said to the sentinels, speaking out loud for Chloe’s sake.
Chloe squeezed his arm. “The bad guys will hear you!”
“Not as long as I’m in Sanctuary. It’s okay.”
Her breath rushed out and her expression relaxed.
He stopped talking out loud to try to keep from panicking Chloe. Or arrange some kind of passage for her? I’m going to be grounded for a while here.
“You are going to be more than grounded if you do not stop making things worse,” scolded one sentinel into his thoughts.
“You were expressly forbidden from transfiguring,” said a second.
“We will let Mebahel know the situation. Jabamiah will want to step back in to Guard this Dixon girl of his, now that the Watchers are going to increase their attacks on her,” said another.
I’m sorry. But what choice did I have? Horatius thought.
“There is always a choice, Horatius,” the first sentinel said. “This will get you and the girl back to Denver.” Tickets and cash materialized in his hands. “Mebahel says you are absolutely forbidden from transfiguring and you will no longer be able to transmute matter. The ability is blocked until you show wiser choices.” The voice shut off like a mute button.
Horatius hid his feelings behind a fake smile. “Here is their answer.” He held up the plane tickets.
“So everything is all right? You aren’t in trouble?”
“Everything is just fine. Nothing to worry about at all. We’ll take a cab to the airport and get you home before your parents even know you’ve been gone.”

***

Chloe cruised at thirty-two thousand feet alone. Horace was being strip-searched because of his Arab nose, brown skin, and lack of ID—which was on a Denver sidewalk somewhere. Why didn’t he just make it materialize? They’d pulled him aside but he implored her with his eyes to keep going and not even acknowledge knowing him. 
By the time the plane landed, she’d calmed down and decided he’d be okay and could just change into his angel form and disappear through the roof if they put him in prison. Now she was exhausted. So exhausted, she had to keep choking back tears. It was irrational, but all she’d been through was too unbelievable. 
The long airport corridor stretched out in front her in a dreamlike tunnel. She couldn’t think clearly. All she wanted was to be in her own bed sleeping. But she didn’t even know how she’d get home. She started to call Todd. Then she came to her senses. 
She could try Michelle, but she didn’t even have her license yet, and Chloe didn’t know if she’d be willing to come let alone be able to find the airport.
No way would she call her dad.
Her mom would have a cow. If she could even wake up.
Kaitlyn was staying with her aunt in Indiana for two weeks. Tricia’s parents had taken Tricia and Jessie on a cruise. 
It would have to be Michelle.
Michelle finally picked up the phone after Chloe called five times. She was obviously still half asleep.
“Where’s mom?” Chloe whispered.
“What? I can’t hear you.”
“Shhh,” Chloe said. “I don’t want Mom to know I called.”
“Is that you, Chloe?” Michelle said louder. “I can’t hear you. Move around or something. I can’t hear—”
“Michelle, the connection’s fine. Be quiet. I don’t want Mom to know it’s me.”
“Don’t worry about that. She’s so sound asleep, the roof could fall in and she wouldn’t know. Where are you? What time is it anyway?”
“I need you to come get me.”
“Did you do something stupid again?”
“I’ll tell you later. Come get me. Leave Mom a note that we ran an errand. Please?”
“Where are you?”
“D.I.A.”
“You’ve got to be kidding.”
“Long story.”
“Take a cab.”
“It’ll cost too much.”
“I’m not driving over there. I won’t even have my license till Monday.”
“Please. I need a ride home. I’ll owe you forever. I’ll give you anything you want.”
“Anything?”
“Sure. Just come.”
“Your black Uggs?”
“Sure, whatever. Please just come. Before Mom wakes up. Where’s Benji?”
“He spent the night with Tony.”
Chloe didn’t have energy to respond to Michelle’s refusal to call Dad “Dad.”
“I’ll be at the United pick up. It’s where we picked up Dad after his trip last year. Do you know how to get here?”
“No. I’ll figure it out. See you. I’ll leave as soon as I get on my new Uggs.” And she hung up.

***

Two hours later, Chloe still waited. Gloom and doom enveloped her. That voice was back telling her how hopeless everything was. It took all her strength not to let the knot in her throat turn into a gush of sobs and tears.
She thought of what Horace had told her—that she could resist the voice trying to demoralize her. Trying to? She was there—totally demoralized. Depressed. Despairing. She didn’t have the strength to muster resistance. She wished Horace was with her. In his angel form. He made everything better.
When Michelle finally drove up to the curb, Chloe couldn’t hold the tears in any more. Michelle parked and jumped out.
“I’m not driving back. The traffic is terrible.” She held out the keys. “What’s wrong?”
Chloe grabbed her into a hug and held her close. She needed the security, the comfort.
“What happened?” Michelle asked. “What did Todd-the-Idiot do now?”
Chloe shook her head and cried on Michelle’s shoulder, trying to communicate that wasn’t what was wrong.
“Not Todd,” she finally managed. She pulled back and took some deep breaths. “I’m just tired.”
“That’s a lot of tears for being just tired. Get in. I’ll drive. I think we’ll have a better chance of living through the ride home with me doing it.”
“I’m fine,” Chloe sniffed and wiped her tears off with her hoodie sleeve. “Thanks for coming. But you don’t have to drive back.”
Michelle skeptically handed over the keys, but seemed relieved at the same time.
Within minutes, they were sailing down the highway. The bumper-to-bumper morning rush hour was gone. 
“What were you doing at the airport anyway?”
Chloe thought back over the last twelve hours of her life and couldn’t even begin to put into words what had happened to her. She almost couldn’t remember being mugged. And it seemed like eons ago, not hours.
“If I told you, you wouldn’t believe me.”
“Try me. I’m pretty gullible.”
“All right. But keep an open mind. Last night on my way home from—”
A loud blast cut off Chloe and the Jeep swerved hard and sharp. Chloe held on to the steering wheel with two white fists. At seventy miles per hour, the sideways jolt threw the vehicle into the air. She smashed her foot on the brake, but the tires weren’t even on the road. They were airborne. As the Jeep flew, it spun, turning its wheels toward the sky like a dead cartoon dog.
CHAPTER 18

Michelle was screaming. Or maybe it was her own voice. They were upside-down. They were spinning over the cement barrier between lanes. They were headed into oncoming traffic. 
Michelle doesn’t have her seatbelt on. She always had to be told twice to do it. And Chloe’s wasn’t on either. We’re both going to die.
Their feet were over their heads, but neither of them budged from their seats. Pressure pressed down all along Chloe’s body, keeping her from crashing around inside the car.
The spin finished and the car righted itself in the air. It crash-landed hard on the opposite side of the interstate, facing the wrong way, but upright. The car jolted and bounced down the shoulder while it made a horrendous metal grinding noise. 
After the last big jolt, the force holding her let up and Chloe’s body rebound only a little. She bumped her head against the edge of the window. No worse than a love tap. The car finally stopped.
Michelle was still screaming. Chloe grabbed her hand.
“Are you okay? You’re okay, Michelle. It’s okay. It’s okay,” she said over and over.
They sat on the shoulder, facing the wrong way. Chloe tried to get her brain around what they’d just done.
Michelle was crying and shrieking.
“Something was lying on me,” Chloe said. “It held me down. I think it was an angel.”
“We almost died,” Michelle screamed.
“We didn’t. It’s okay. We’re okay.”
“Oh. My. God!” Michelle panted.
“Michelle, try to take a breath. You’re okay. You didn’t hit anything, right? Are you hurt?”
“No,” she wailed. “Pressure. Held me down. What happened?” She was hysterical.
“Michelle, look at me. Stop screaming. We’re okay. Really.”
Michelle locked her eyes onto Chloe, like she was her connection to survival. The shrieks slowed into jerky sobs, then deep sighs and hiccups. They sat holding hands, whimpering and shaking. Chloe didn’t know what to do. She couldn’t think. 
Knuckles wrapped on the window. “Are you okay? Miss, are you okay?”
A police officer stood at her window. His car with blue and red lights flashing on top was pulled up along the front end of their car, which pointed the wrong way, blocking the oncoming traffic from the left lane.
Chloe fumbled to find the window switch, but her mind wouldn’t work right. After she locked and unlocked the doors and moved the side view mirror, she put her foot on the brake. That was stupid. She turned off the fan. The engine was dead.
The cop knocked again on the door. Chloe couldn’t think straight. All her thoughts were churning, trying to figure out what had happened. Her hands and feet went through a series of automatic movements, useless and illogical.
She finally gave up on the window and opened the door.
“Are you all right, Miss?”
“I think so,” she answered looking at Michelle for confirmation.
“And your passenger? Is she okay?”
“Yeah, yeah. I think so,” Michelle said with a shaky voice.
“We’re fine. We’re both fine. Fine. Yeah.”
“Did your airbags deploy?” he asked as he peered inside around the door. 
“No, no. They didn’t,” she said. “Wow. I can’t believe that just happened. I don’t know what happened. We were just driving, then suddenly. I don’t know.” It was all a nervous twitter. She couldn’t control anything. 
“I saw your vehicle flip over the barrier. Looks like you blew out a tire there,” the cop said as he inspected the back of the Jeep, which tilted toward the blown tire. 
“My mom’s going to kill me. She just got those tires.”
“Why don’t you step on out then,” he said to Chloe.
She opened the door the rest of the way and lowered herself down onto her legs, which were more like soft, fresh Play-Doh.
“So go ahead and tell me what happened,” he said.
“Should we call Mom?” Michelle asked, leaning over into the driver’s seat and speaking with a voice that wasn’t her own.
“Yes. Go on ahead and let your mom know what’s happened and our location. That will be fine.”
“I don’t know where we are,” Michelle said. Her voice cracked and quivered.
The cop told her which mile marker, which direction, and which interstate. Fortunately, she remembered how to push the speed dial for Mom.
While Michelle was on the phone, Chloe described to the cop what she remembered. They worked on some paperwork together and Chloe sat in the back of his cruiser. She got a ticket for not wearing seatbelts. But the cop kept saying how lucky they were, that it made no sense they got out without any injuries.
The tow truck arrived and loaded the Jeep. And their father came because their mom’s car was on the back of the tow truck. 
When they finally arrived back home, Michelle got out of her dad’s red Prius. 
“Thanks for the lift, Tony,” she said and slammed the door. She went inside without waiting for Chloe.
Chloe got out with hope she could make it into the house without a lecture. She opened the back and helped Benji, who’d spent the night with their dad, out of his car seat.
“Come on, Baby. Let’s go,” she said.
He carried his crocheted hexagon blankie. She wrapped it around his head to keep it off the ground.
“If I didn’t have a meeting I can’t miss, we’d have a word, young lady,” her dad said.
“Thanks for picking us up. I’m sorry to bug you,” Chloe said and closed the door. She took Benji’s hand and carried his backpack in the other. 
He yelled something more at her through the closed window but then gave it a rest and left.
Inside, her mom was sitting forward on the edge of the couch, dressed and made up like it was a Saturday night.
“Isn’t your father coming in?” she asked when Chloe closed the door and set down Benji’s backpack. “I've held a casserole for him in the oven.”
“Of course not, Mom. He’s never coming in. You have to accept that.” Too much stress kept her from protecting her mom from the truth.
Her mom rose from the couch without a comment and went to her room. The door clicked shut without her even asking how they were doing or what shape the Jeep was in. The chasm between them was too wide for Chloe to reach across. Maybe she would never be a decent mother to them, maybe she would pathetically hold out forever for a man who obviously didn’t love her, or maybe would take too many pills and deal with it that way. But Chloe couldn’t fix her. She could barely hang on herself.
“Oh, I’m fine. Thanks for asking,” Michelle shouted at their mom’s closed door. She dug through the fridge and put the makings for a salami and cheese sandwich on the counter. “I just sailed through the air at ninety miles-per-hour, saw my life—my very short, unfulfilled life—flash before my eyes, had something lying on top of me—maybe it was even a guardian angel because no one else cares about me—crash-landed in oncoming high-speed traffic, broke the axel on the car I was hoping would be mine when school starts, and had to be brought home by my ex-dad. So don’t worry about me. I’ll handle all the damage this trauma brings me when I’m in counseling at twenty-nine and can’t keep a relationship or job or—”
“Michelle. Stop it,” Chloe said. “You’re not the only one with a tough life.”
Michelle glared at her. “Shut. Up. If you hadn’t…whatever it was you did, none of this would have happened.” 
Chloe picked up the phone to call her boss. “If you say any more to Mom, I’ll take my Uggs back.”
“Nuh-uh. Deal’s done. They’re mine. Even if you kill me, these are coffin shoes. They’re comin’ with me.” She held up one leg, turning it side to side to admire the boot.
The doorbell rang.
“Now what?” Chloe snapped.
Michelle ignored both Chloe and the door and ripped open the salami container.
Chloe pulled open the door.
Like a giant Golden Retriever, a body jumped onto her and wrapped both arms tightly around her.
“Cello, I’m so glad you’re okay!”
“Kaitlyn?” Chloe tried to pull back to see if it was really her, but she wouldn’t loosen her death grip.
“I got here as soon as I could. I’m sorry I’m so late.”
“So late? I just got back.”
“I called two days ago and your mom said, or I think she said—I always have trouble tracking with her—that you were in trouble, that you weren’t doing well. When I asked if I could stay with you for a few days, I thought she said it would be okay. I came straight from the airport.”
“She forgot to tell me. But I’ve been pretty busy, getting mugged, flying with demons, getting stranded in D.C., totaling Mom’s Jeep this morning.”
“Oh, you poor thing.” She finally let go of Chloe. “That sounds just rotten. No wonder you aren’t doing well.”
So like Kaitlyn not to even question about the details. Like the demons, for instance.
“And all that hadn’t even happened yet when you talked to Mom,” Chloe said.
Kaitlyn waved at the cab driver to bring up her things. 
“You just came in a cab from the airport?” Unbelievable. 
“He’s great.” She picked up her viola case from the porch. “It will be good to spend time together. You can cry all you need and I’ll paint your toenails and we’ll eat lots of green olives. They’re good for the constitution. And they taste good. But you can have all the red middles.”
She took her bag from the cabbie and handed him a wad of cash. “Thank you, Ikrimah. Tell your family hello for me.”
“Goo’ bye,” he said in an Indian accent, then gave a shallow bow and returned to his cab.
“You know him?”
“Oh, yes. I rode all the way from the airport with him. He’s wonderfully nice. His wife is pregnant with their third baby. The first two were twins, Neeta and Maya. They are almost two. Neeta is talking so Maya doesn’t think she has to. His wife, Avani, is on bed rest. I think we should go visit her and take her sandwiches. How can you be on bed rest with two almost-two-year-olds?”
Chloe put her arm around Kaitlyn and led her into the front room. “Sure. We’ll see what we can do. I’m glad you’re here. Thank you for coming.”
“Of course,” Kaitlyn said. “I would have come sooner if I’d known. I can visit Aunt Bev later. You should tell me next time you have demon trouble. I have some remedies.”
Chloe put Kaitlyn’s belongings next to the couch. “Do you mind sleeping here? Nana’s house is pretty crowded since we moved in.” Chloe pointed to the door off the right of the front living room. “That’s Nana’s room. Mom’s is back behind the kitchen. Michelle and I share a room upstairs—more of an attic really—and Benji is basically using the alcove up there like a room. We only have one bathroom.”
“I can sleep anywhere. The porch? The garage? Do you have a hammock? That would be nice—to sleep under the open sky.”
“I think there’s just the couch. Um, I’m scheduled to work tonight, but I need to call my boss to cancel.”
“Oh no. Don’t cancel because of me. I will come and help. I can start painting your toenails tomorrow.”
“I was going to cancel anyway. I need a night off.”
“Yeah, with her tough life and all, ” Michelle said in a snarky voice and squeezed past Chloe and Kaitlyn with a sandwich and chips and settled onto the couch in front of the TV. 
Chloe called her boss and told him she wouldn’t be able to work her shift that night.
“I was in a car accident this morning—no, I’m okay. And last night there was some trouble on the way home—those guys that robbed the store—I sorta got mugged—it worked out, yeah. Thanks. I just need to be home tonight.”
After listening for a long time, she said, “But he left early. It’s wasn’t my fault his relief never showed up.”
She listened some more then hung up.
“All set?” Kaitlyn asked.
“I just got fired,” Chloe said in shock. “He said since I’m under twenty-one and can’t sell alcohol and was there alone, I could have caused him a bunch of trouble.”
Chloe couldn’t believe it. She’d been canned. She’d held down the store during a robbery, then suffered the gang’s revenge, and she was getting sacked. She should have been getting a medal. And a bonus. And a promotion.
You’re not worth a promotion.
“Leave me alone!” she yelled. 
Kaitlyn jumped. Her expression was confused and hurt.
“No, no. Not you. I…I was talking to myself.” Or to whatever keeps sneaking into my head.
Kaitlyn took her hand and led her to a kitchen chair to sit. “You need to rest. I can see the strain in your eyes.”
Chloe tried to shake off the emotion that was suffocating her. She dropped her chin into her hands on the table top.
“Next week when we go to Brazil, you will get away from everything for a while,” Kaitlyn said.
“I can’t go. My dad won’t let me. I’m grounded for the rest of my life.”
“Then I won’t go either. I’ll stay here with you.”
“Thank you, Kaitlyn. But I could never let you do that. You can’t change everything because of me. I already asked Amanda to fill in for me.”
“I’m hungee,” Benji said from the doorway where he stood with his hexagon blankie still up over his head, looking like an Arab sheikh. 
“Get up in your chair,” Chloe said. “I’ll get you something to eat.” She opened the oven and a puff of dark smoke roiled out and smelled up the kitchen. She slammed it closed and flipped off the heat. “Well, that won't help anything. Hang on, Benji. I'll find you something a little less like charcoal. You want anything, Kaitlyn? I don’t have tofu or bean sprouts, but I’m sure we can find something that was never breathing.”
“Oh, I’m fine. I had a Clif bar in the cab.”
Chloe put a handful of goldfish crackers on the table in front of Benji, who was squirming in his booster chair, then she went to the cupboard to find something more. Kaitlyn sat at the table with him and acted out Finding Nemo with his crackers. She did a great Dory impersonation. 
While Chloe fixed some boxed macaroni and cheese, the phone rang. She ignored it.
Dory, the little orange goldfish cracker said, “Keep swimming, keep swimming. Oh! What’s that sound? Benji, do you remember what that ringing tone means? I can't remember.”
“It’s a telephone!” Benji said in his happy, child voice.
Michelle yelled from the living room, “Don’t you hear the phone ringing?” After another three rings Michelle’s muffled voice answered it.
A half minute later, she came into the kitchen looking like she had when the car crash-landed.
“What’s wrong?” Chloe said.
“Nana’s friend is on the phone. She says Nana’s in an ambulance on the way to the hospital.”
CHAPTER 19

If one more thing went wrong, no way would Chloe be able to cope. She'd had her fill of catastrophes. 
Nana’s friend, Gloria, had taken Nana to lunch. She tripped and fell on a carpet runner at the restaurant. The restaurant manager called the ambulance and EMTs were taking her to the hospital. 
Chloe needed to figure out how to get a car. Her mom was too groggy after waking from a medicated sleep to be any good. Chloe made a few calls and, borrowing her mom’s identity and credit card, arranged for a rental company to deliver a Ford Focus to the house. Kaitlyn cheerfully agreed to watch Benji. The car arrived and her mom and Michelle got in and Chloe rushed them all to the hospital. 
They endured the ER till midnight. A neon pink cast encased Nana’s wrist—the color picked out by Michelle—and twelve blue stitches ran in a line along her chin. By the time Nana was discharged, everyone was exhausted and cranky. Chloe could barely contain her own emotions. Almost forty hours had passed since she’d last slept. Nana’s face was bruised and scraped and she whimpered like Chloe had never heard, breaking her heart with each woeful mewl. She was relieved they’d gotten Nana a prescription for Vicodin. She just wished it hadn’t taken another thirty minutes at the Walgreens to get it filled.
Michelle fell asleep on the ride home and snored in the back seat with her head resting on Mom’s shoulder. Nana sat in the front seat pitifully moaning Oh dear every time she tried to lift her arm. The car rolled to a stop at the curb and everyone but Nana crawled out.
They all three helped Nana from the car and up the front walk, one person on each side and Chloe backing up the steps in front of Nana while hanging on to her dress’s wide belt to guide her forward. Once Nana was inside, Chloe parked the Focus in the garage off the back alley. When she got out, she grabbed Nana’s walker from the trunk. She pulled the rickety, loud garage door down and went through the gate that opened into the back yard.
“Hello, Chloe.”
She jumped and screeched. She held up the walker like a weapon toward the voice. The glaring light of the bare bulb on the side of the garage illuminated Horace.
“Don’t do that to me!” She threw the walker aside and ran to him and flung her arms around him before she even thought.
“My apologies. I didn’t mean to scare you.” When his arms pulled her in close and let her disappear into his embrace, the comfort of his touch eased so much of the recent strain. They stood still a long moment. Horace stroked her shoulder as she snuggled against him. Then she realized what she’d done.
“When did you get here?” Embarrassed that she’d taken the liberty to hug him so brashly, Chloe gave up the security and backed up, trying to act matter-of-factly. “What happened at the airport? They didn’t arrest you, did they?” She picked the walker back up and brushed off dirt that wasn’t there.
“They finally had to let me go. I took a later flight. I’ve been looking for you.”
“You missed a crazy day.”
“Crazier than yesterday?”
“Believe it or not, yes. Well, no. Well, sorta. It didn’t involve flying anywhere. Well, not without an airplane, or a Jeep anyway.”
“I went to your store. You didn’t work tonight?”
Their stilted conversation covered the awkwardness following Chloe’s unexpected reaction to seeing him again. She walked up the narrow sidewalk toward the back door trying to make it feel normal. 
“I’ve been at the hospital.”
“Are you okay?” His genuine concern obliterated the floundering chitchat. She wanted to run back into his arms.
“Nana cracked her wrist bone. And cut her chin open. I had a car accident—that’s not how Nana broke her arm. She fell. Today’s just been really rough.”
“Do you need anything? Can I help?” 
His kind words put a lump in her throat that made her wait a moment to talk without crying.
When she could, she answered, “Only if you can wave your magic wand and spin back time forty-eight hours.”
Horace chuckled. “I’m afraid I have nothing like that up my sleeve. When do you work next? I’ll provide escort. I can paint the house, too, and trim trees, fix that broken light—though that sounds rather shallow at this point.”
“Oh, and I got fired. That was a nice punctuation to my day.” She sat on the concrete steps up to the back door and rested her arms and head on Nana’s walker. “I won’t need any more escort.”
“Why were you released from your position?”
“I don’t know. It makes no sense. Nothing does. Everything is just falling apart. Maybe it won’t feel so bad in the morning, but right now, I can barely hold it together. Probably what I need more than anything is sleep. I haven’t slept since night before last. I can’t even think.”
She got up and fumbled with her keys. Horace stayed on the walk, lit by the street lamp at the side of the house, looking up at her again like that lost puppy hoping to be taken home. Crickets filled the silent gap while Chloe wondered if it was too forward to invite Horace in.
What the heck. “Do you want to come in? You don’t really have a place to stay, do you?”
“I’m going to stay right here. If you need me, just call out.”
“You can’t stay here. I bet you’ve been up as long as I have. Do angels need sleep?”
“They don’t, but I do. Nephilim in human form need sleep as much as anyone. I’m tired, but I’ll stay here, if that’s okay. Just in case you need me.”
“Man, I hope I don’t. I mean I do. Just I hope not like that. If one more thing goes wrong, I’m going to melt into a puddle.”
“We certainly can’t have that now, can we?” He gave her his best smile. Which was tired and limp this time. 
“My room is right up there.” Chloe pointed up and around the side of the house. “If you decide to come in, just call up to me. Mom won’t hear. She sleeps the sleep of the dead. I’ll leave the window open.”

***

Horatius awoke with a terrible feeling. At first he thought it might be because he had curled up on the small concrete steps at the back door to sleep. Or maybe it was because he’d chosen to forgo his usual evening libations. But as soon as he roused enough to come to his senses, he recognized the feeling of impending danger.
Celestials were battling. And they were battling very near and very violently. He didn’t dare tune in and listen without being in Sanctuary, so he could only go by his intuition. And by the sense of doom hanging around him like thick smoke. 
He sat up and waited, rubbing the pain in his right hip where the step had left an imprint. He didn’t know what would happen. But he knew something would.

***

Light from the streetlamp filled her room with a dull orange glow. It sneaked past a tree and slipped in through her window, casting shadows with faces—creepy faces with eyeballs that followed her. The wind rustled the tree's leaves, and the faces shifted and looked like only shadows again. Then another breeze and they went back to scary.
Her heart thunked around inside her rib cage, trying to find a livable rhythm. Her forgotten dream must have left the terrified feeling. The panic didn’t make sense.
The ticking windup clock on her bedside table was frantic, faster. It wasn’t in its usual place, next to her phone. It was turned away. She reached out to move it so she could see the face.
She missed it. She reached for it a second time. It moved. She could have sworn.
She jerked her hand back beneath her covers. “Michelle? You awake?”
The clock lifted off her bedside table. It actually floated. It hovered between her footboard and dresser. It dropped on the hardwood floor and shattered, ringing and crashing as it broke into pieces that splattered all over.
Michelle rolled over and moaned. “What are you doing?” She sounded exasperated.
A pillar candle on Chloe’s dresser by the door burst into light, the flame igniting by itself. The flame sputtered and danced on the end of the wick. It skipped shadows across her cello propped in the corner next to her dresser. The scent of cinnamon drifted over.
Michelle said, “I’m trying to sleep here. Whatever you’re doing over there, stop it.”
“I’m not doing anything. I’m still over here.”
“Why’d you light that candle?” Her voice lost its usual annoyance.
“I didn’t,” Chloe whispered.
A thump made Chloe jump like she’d been poked with a sharp stick. Another thud, then another. Afraid to move, she glanced sideways. Books were falling out of her bookshelf. Or more like jumping.
On the other side of Michelle’s bed, the window dropped shut.
“Is it an earthquake?” Michelle said.
“Earthquakes don’t light candles.”
“Maybe we forgot we lit it.” Michelle sounded nothing like her normal self. Her voice quivered as much as Nana’s. 
“It lit. All by itself. I saw it.”
“But candles don’t do that.”
Chloe shrunk deeper beneath her covers. Then she remembered what Horace had said. 
“Think good thoughts!” Chloe blurted. “Think about holy things. Tell whatever is doing this to go away! That’s what we’re supposed to do.”
“What am I supposed to think?”
“Whatever you can. Something about God.”
Michelle whimpered then squeaked, “God is great, God is good, and we thank him for our food.” As she repeated it over and over, the books stopped jumping and the candle settled into a calm flame.
Michelle suspended her chanting and whispered, “How’d you know that would work?”
“Horace told me.”
“How would Horace know?” she said in such a hush Chloe could barely hear her.
“He’s half angel. His father is a demon who wants to…to…do bad things to us.” It was out so fast, she didn’t even realize she’d betrayed him until the room erupted into chaos.
The book shelves emptied. The flame stretched and seethed like it was alive. The window opened and shut like a giant mouth trying to bite them.
Michelle screamed and jumped into bed with Chloe. She dove under the covers and pulled her arms over her head.
“Horace!” Chloe yelled. “Where are you? Horace!”
When she screamed his name a third time, a purple light flared in the center of the ceiling. The glow expanded and swirled, taking on a more substantial form as it materialized. 
Chloe wrapped her arms around Michelle, who started wailing beneath the covers. The purple being floated toward them, its terrible features growing more visible amidst the sparking energy. 
“Where is Horatius?” it said, its voice spilling evil and hatred all over the room. “He is mine!”
The purple entity settled down over Chloe and hovered, enveloping her in its essence. Cold wrapped around her body, like a layer of frost under her clothes. The voice transferred inside her head. The words froze her thoughts to ice. Dread and fear and hopelessness sharpened like never before. She wanted to die. She needed to die.
Where is Horatius? I would have a look of my own. The voice resonated through her marrow. She could feel it forcing its way into her soul. 
Her vision dimmed. 
“Relax,” the voice said. “I won’t hurt you. Let me in.”
Chloe couldn’t muster a clear prayer. She tried to send a plea but the cold force overwhelmed her. Her thoughts almost formed help. But not quite.
Then from deep within her subconscious, the music of Saint-Saëns bubbled up and broke through the floodgates of her mind. “The Swan” from her cello recital filled her thoughts with beauty, pushing an opposing force against the occupation of the purple evil. She made herself hum out loud with the music in her head. 
The ball of purple light shot away from her like a cork and landed against the wall on the far side of the room.
With a roar, it came tearing back across the ceiling and dove for Michelle, who still cowered beneath the covers, mumbling for her mother. The purple cloud of frigid energy tightened above Michelle.
Chloe flailed her arms against the being, but her balled fists flashed through it like she was beating the air. Then the cloud disappeared into Michelle as if sucked into a vacuum.
Michelle went still. She lifted her head from under the covers. Her eyes glowed purple as she scanned the room. She moaned a terrible, deep despairing howl. 
“Michelle! Michelle,” Chloe yelled. “Resist it, fight back! Think of holy things! Tell it to get out of you!” She stumbled through a few hoarse notes of “The Swan.” “Da, da, da. Da da da, Daaaa-da-dum—” she croaked.
Michelle rose from the bed like a robot. Chloe yanked her sister’s arm to pull her back, but it was like pulling on a house.
“Stop it!” Chloe yelled. She tried to sing more.
Michelle’s head oscillated from side to side, surveying the room. While she scanned, she moved in her rigid walk to the window and lifted her dresser. She threw it like it was made of Styrofoam. But unlike foam, it crashed through the window frame and glass.
Chloe screamed, “Horace!”
CHAPTER 20

Flying glass and splintered wood rained down on Horatius as he tore around the side of the house. Seconds later, Chloe’s scalp-peeling scream ripped through the window opening.
He couldn’t get up there without flying, but he had to remain hidden from his father. What am I up against? I can’t transfigure and give away my location. He concentrated on the vines growing on the house and willed them to become a ladder.
Nothing happened.
Damn it, Mebahel. Don’t block my power now!
In the glow of the bare bulb he saw a ladder by the garage. He ran to it and got it beneath the window. 
He was to the top in three quick steps. Michelle stood just inside the broken window. Satarel had her. She threw a chest out the gap in the wall and it slammed into Horatius’ face. 
The impact knocked him off the rung and he fell seven feet down and slammed his shin against the lowest metal crossbar. His bone cracked. The pain blurred his vision. With no time to process, he focused on his bone and thought the ends back together again, willing the fracture to knit into one strong shaft. 
Nothing happened. Damn. Damn. Damn!
He opened his eyes wide, took a deep breath and made his leg obey him. He forced it onto the next rung, put his weight on it to heave his body upward. He made it take the force, the agony. Chloe needs me. He had to take it!
By the time he reached the top, perspiration blurred his eyesight. His whole body shook. The pain was so loud he couldn’t hear anything. 
Chloe cowered in the far corner of the room. Her mouth was open in a terrifying scream, but Horatius couldn’t hear it over the torture in his leg.
Michelle rounded on him, reached through the broken window opening and pulled him into the room like he was her stuffed toy. She slammed him against the wall, up high next to the broken window and held him there with her demonic strength.
As he hung against the wall, the sounds all at once screeched back into his ears. Chloe was screaming for Michelle to come back. But Michelle was too busy squeezing Horatius’ throat shut, using Satarel’s strength to crush his airway.
His vision darkened. His brain blinked as the oxygen ran out. Sounds faded again. 
Then he was on the floor, with Michelle sprawled next to him, looking stunned and confused.
Music filled the room.
Chloe was playing her cello—music as beautiful as Horatius could remember ever hearing. The notes filled the room with a melody so clear and resonant, it lifted the dark despair that had held them captive.
“Good, Chloe,” Horatius choked out. “Keep playing. Michelle, you okay?” He coughed.
“What happened?”
Chloe kept playing and said, “Horace? Is it gone?”
Horatius gritted his teeth and scooted up against the wall, dragging his broken leg along. “For now,” he puffed out. “Keep playing while I think.”
Chloe’s music faltered.
“Keep playing!” he said. “I need you to buy us some time.”
“I’m shaking so bad, I can barely play.”
“Just keep playing. Make it beautiful.”
“I don’t know if I can.” Her voice quivered.
“You must! My leg is broken…I need you to do this for me.” He calmed his voice as best he could. “You can do this. You’re a strong woman.”
Chloe seemed to gather her strength and her music resurged.
“We’ve got to…get to a church. But you have to keep playing,” he said again.
Chloe kept her bow moving back and forth and her fingers fluttering along the neck. “If your leg is broken, how can we go anywhere? And I can’t run playing a cello.”
Someone knocked on the bedroom door. Chloe jumped and her bow scratched. Michelle screamed.
“Satarel wouldn’t knock,” Horatius said. It sounded sardonic rather than comforting.
The door opened and Kaitlyn poked her head in.
“Hello, Cello. You’re practicing in the dark in the middle of the night?” she said around a yawn. “Unique. I brought up my viola.” She held it up but then her eyes locked on the hole where the window used to be. The street light glared through the gap and a hot breeze blew in. “Where did your window go? What have you been doing?” She turned on the light. “Why is there a huge guy behind that bed?” 
Chloe kept playing a weird, nondescript series of notes. Horatius worried it was not full of enough beauty to ward off another attack. 
“We need more music. Something beautiful and holy. And portable,” he told Kaitlyn.
“What’s going on?”
“A demon—here. Attacking us,” Michelle cried. “Hovered—came inside—it was awful!”
Kaitlyn didn’t blink. “Should we do an exorcism?”
“We need complex music, full of beauty, and intentionally holy.” Horatius cringed at a wave of pain.
“Bach? I have some cantatas on my iPhone,” Kaitlyn said. “They’re sacred.”
“Yes,” Horatius said, struggling against the wave of pain that was getting too loud again. 
“It’s downstairs. I’ll get it.”
“Please. Hurry.”
Kaitlyn dashed away and returned in a blink. Or Horatius was blacking out. He couldn’t tell. Chloe’s music faltered. Kaitlyn turned on her iTunes and Chloe stopped playing, her last note sounding like she’d just run out of breath.
“Turn it up. We’ve got to get to a church,” Horatius said.
Chloe put her cello down. “Can you keep up with us?”
“I have to. The church isn’t far. He’ll want you now. He knows I care about you.” He sucked in a deep breath to wake himself up.
Chloe looked at him with a mixture of trepidation and tenderness. “Can you make it to the car?” Chloe asked gently.
“I’ll get there.” Horatius made himself get up, putting all his weight on one leg. “You and Michelle can walk on either side of me and help. I’ll be okay.” 
“I’m not going anywhere,” Michelle whimpered from the corner by her headboard where she’d backed in. 
“Michelle,” Chloe pleaded.
“I’m staying.” She pulled her pillow and knees up and hid her face.
“I’ll do it,” Kaitlyn said. She tucked her iPhone into her pajama waistband and stepped under Horatius’ arm. The room swam and Horatius leaned much harder on the girl than he wanted to.
Chloe got on the other side of Horace. He was so big and heavy, how would they get him down the stairs, let alone to the nearest church?
“When we get downstairs, I’ll get you Nana’s walker.” 
Outside the room, the three of them hobbled to the top of the stairs. Benji still slept like only a toddler could in his little bed against the far wall. He stirred when Bach invaded his alcove, but it was not enough to wake him. What was the noise of Bach compared to a window being blown out by a demon?
Horace sat down on the top stair and lowered himself down, step by step. Once they all got downstairs, Chloe dashed to where she’d left Nana’s walker by the back door and brought it to Horace.
“We need to go out the front. The back is too narrow and steep.”
The street light filtering through the living room sheers lit their way past the furniture to the front door. Bach from the iPhone kept a tenuous bubble of safety around them. The walker rattled in a rhythmic clunk as Horace lifted it, dropped it, then shuffled along without a word.
“Nana and your mom are still asleep?” Kaitlyn whispered. 
“They're on their drugs,” Chloe said. “Thank goodness. Neither needs this.”
Kaitlyn stepped ahead and pulled the door open. Chloe stayed next to Horace with a supportive hand on his back. She could feel him tremble with the effort. It killed her to see him so vulnerable. And obviously in incredible pain. How could he possibly walk on a broken leg?
Horatius’ arms shook from the strain of holding himself up. The pain obliterated sound. The walker was too heavy to lift over the threshold of the doorway. Chloe’s mouth was moving, but nothing audible was coming out.
He stared and concentrated, trying to hear her, to stay conscious, to keep standing. He blinked. Several times. He got the walker past the door and stepped onto the porch.
“…going to do?” she cried, jumping at Kaitlyn and clawing at her pajama waistband.
He was starting to hear again. But it was too silent.
“Turn up the music,” he murmured. “It’s not loud enough.” He swayed, staying up only because of the walker.
“It stopped!” Chloe said. “I told you, Horace. The battery died.” Kaitlyn held a button down, arguing with the phone. Chloe turned in a frantic circle, looking up and searching the sky.
Which was the only reason the explosion did not take out Horatius.
A flash of lightening hit the porch in front of Chloe. Satarel could not see where Horatius was, but he could see Chloe and think she was looking at him.
Chloe screamed, which made Kaitlyn scream. Two more flashes of gaseous energy shot through the porch like cannon balls. The window frames and soffit burst into flame. 
“Do not look at me,” Horatius commanded. “If you speak my name or think substantial thoughts of what I am doing or where I am, you will give me away to Satarel.”
Kaitlyn squeezed past Horatius in the doorway and ran to the top step of the porch, facing the front yard.
“Go ahead and run away, you coward Horace!” She screamed it down the street, shaking her fist away from the house. A flash of lightning took out a mammoth cottonwood in the direction she yelled.
“What do we do? What do we do?” Chloe screeched. “Horace, do something!” She was looking right at him.
Another crack of light hit just beside Horatius and the front of the house erupted into flame. A beam of wood fell down across him, knocking him sideways in the walker. But he pulled back onto his feet. He had to.
“Cello,” Kaitlyn yelled, “we have to wake everyone up. I’ll go get Benji and Michelle. You wake Nana and your mom. Now, Cello. Do it.”
Chloe screamed for her family from the porch, trying to get past Horatius.
Horatius backed into a wall of flame, hot and biting into his skin. The smell of burning flesh singed his nose. He teetered in the doorway, trying to stay alert enough to react. Chloe pushed to get past him, but he couldn’t let her.
“Let me by,” she screamed. “I have to go back.”
Horatius wanted to say something wise, something about staying safe, but he couldn’t form the words. Cries came from upstairs. Several more explosions shook the house. Even Kaitlyn wouldn’t stop screaming now. He had to do something.
Horatius closed his eyes. Unconsciousness would be so merciful. To let go of the pain and slip away. But he had to do something. What? He couldn’t remember. Oh yes. It came to him.
A mighty metamorphosis shook what was left of the porch. Horatius was all at once nine feet tall, glowing with power, and completely healed. As soon as he transfigured, Satarel appeared hovering over the front lawn, backed by his henchmen, all with flaming weapons at the ready. Horatius only had the moment before a thought to react.
He grabbed Kaitlyn and Chloe, each around her waist, and blasted over the heads of the demons in a move so unanticipated, they couldn’t react fast enough to stop him.
CHAPTER 21

Though Horatius got away by unexpectedly buzzing the demons, Satarel didn’t waste a moment to take off after him.
Horatius flew as fast as he could through the sky, unable to consider the comfort of the girls. The only thing he could do for them at the moment was create a force field of protection around them to help them deal with the speed. As he passed Mach ten he could only hope they could cope. The bubble he created around them might keep them from pulling too many Gs. If not, they would lose consciousness from the force.
As he streaked through the blackened stratosphere, he dared to call Darryn of the Gate for help. He’d put humans in extreme peril and he needed help. A multitude of help.
Darryn answered in Horatius’ thoughts.
“What have you gotten yourself into? They is not going to like this,” he said in his quick, nervous voice. “I will do what I can to get you help as soon as possible. Hold on. I will get right back to you.”
Hold on? That’s what he was doing. Barely. And he couldn’t do it much longer. Satarel was so close, he could feel the heat from his sword whipping at his heels.
Horatius dropped into the troposphere. Satarel flew straight past, far above him. Even with the protective field, the girls screamed at the sudden change in velocity. This would make any roller coaster ride seem like a nap on a couch.
Horatius skimmed over cold, black waves lifting up out of the sea. Far in front of them, light grew in the darkness like someone turned up a dimmer switch. They were moving east, almost at Mach Four. He had to push it that hard. 
He saw what he wanted and moved so fast that the girls moaned. He plunged down in elevation, did a slingshot around the spired clock tower, and headed straight for the church below.
Just as he dropped, Satarel swooped from beneath with his flaming sword aimed at his heart. He was between them and the church. Horatius blasted back up into the clouds, but above were Satarel’s demons.
Horatius yelled in his head to the sentries of the church he’d just tried to enter.
As fast as he did, three sentries dashed up around him, drawing their swords against the demons. The demons moved in, slashing swords and shooting off arrows. The sentries bore their shields against them, making a wall around Horatius and the girls.
“Kaitlyn, quick! Climb on my back and hold on. And Chloe, grasp around my waist. I need to free my hands.” He didn’t wait for them to agree but pushed Kaitlyn up and around on his shoulders. He’d have to encase them with the protective field to help them hold on. If he could spare the strength. He pulled his sword and prepared for the moment the defense would break down.
One of the demons got an arrow through the barricade and Horatius barely deflected it with a late strike of his sword. The same demon strung another arrow and pointed it right at Chloe. He pulled the bowstring taut and his lips curled into a ghastly smile.
Darryn of the Gate broke into his thoughts. “I am sending over two Guardians. No one else is available. They should be there—”
The air cracked and sizzled with static. A deep thunderous rumble erupted. Mebahel and Jabamiah appeared in their midst with flaming swords drawn. The arrow let loose and Jabamiah took it before it reached Chloe. When the burning shaft went through him, he shrunk in size and substance, and quivered in obvious pain.
At the same time, another of the sentries hurled a cannon ball of fire and caught one of the demons dead center. His sword sputtered and dimmed and he, too, shrank in stature.
Horatius knew he had to get the girls into Sanctuary. The second the opportunity came, when each Celestial was engaged with another, Horatius dove for the church.
But Satarel had his eye on him. As soon as Horatius made his move, Satarel abandoned his opponent and darted after him. Mebahel jumped in front of Satarel and collided with him in an explosion. Mebahel faded to a mere glimmer of existence, but the impact diminished Satarel and slowed him enough.
Horatius harnessed his energy, connected to all the electrons in his essence and the girls’ makeup, and he shot toward the church roof. Just before colliding with it, they skipped it and appeared on the other side.
He pulled to a halt inches from the stone tile floor of the church. They stopped behind a tomb in a burial vault off the main nave of a chapel. He shut down their protective encasement, let Chloe down onto her feet first, then swung Kaitlyn around and down next to Chloe.
Chloe’s eyes were wide and she was stunned to silence. Kaitlyn peeked out over the effigy on the tomb in front of them.
“No way!” she whispered. “This is Westminster Abbey. Cello, we’re in Westminster Abbey!”
A couple walked by and admired the tomb behind which the trio stood. They each held an audio guide to an ear. The older man nodded to Kaitlyn and Chloe. They glanced at an inscription posted by the tomb and moved on.
Kaitlyn said, “How come they ignored you like that? You’re huge, you glow, you’re gorgeous.”
“They can’t see me unless I will them to.”
Chloe looked dazed and had not yet started to blink again. 
“You all right there, Cello?” Kaitlyn asked. 
“We just…” She did not finish.
Kaitlyn comforted Chloe with a hug. Horatius tuned in and listened to the battle in the heavens above them. The Pure were calling Michael for help. They’d gone right to the top. And their voices were faint. It must have been bad. The thoughts of the Fallen were cocky. And loud.
A deep, demonic battle cry echoed through the rafters of the cathedral.
Horatius stole a glance outside of the tomb vault. Most of the tourists out in the chapel didn’t notice. One rubbed the shivers that ran up his arm. Among a superfluity of nuns, a solitary woman among them and one young girl looked around like they’d heard the noise. They’d registered something. And it was not holy.
In a shower of sparks, Jabamiah appeared inside the high ceiling of lacy arches, flailing and falling in rapid descent. Satarel appeared after him, but he entered with greater power. Satarel and his sword were twice the size of the Guardian, who was dogpaddling the air as though trying in vain to gain altitude.
Satarel raised his sword to finish Jabamiah and eliminate him from the sector. One of the sentries crashed past the ceiling with only a little more control than Jabamiah. While still in his tumble, he hurled a cannon ball of holy fire at Satarel, which distracted him long enough for Jabamiah to manifest his flaming sword. 
Horatius ducked back into the burial vault. The Sanctuary was breached! The unprecedented invasion was an apocalyptic omen. Disaster was imminent.
“We have got to go. Now,” he said.
“What was that?” Kaitlyn asked.
“My house is on fire. My family…” Reality was breaking through Chloe’s fog.
They only had seconds—if that—before Satarel located them. Horatius didn’t have time to wait for backup. “We have to go. Satarel broke through.”
Chloe mewled. Kaitlyn hopped back on Horatius’ shoulders. He put his arms out for Chloe.
“Come. We must go.”
She stepped closer just as a purple glow lighted the features of the white stone effigy in front of them. Horatius snatched her into his arms and took off. It was so fast, he barely noticed the tomb in which they were hiding belonged to his old friend Mary, Queen of Scots.
CHAPTER 22

With the battle overhead all but lost, Horatius couldn’t leave the way they’d come in via the cathedral ceiling. Instead, he skipped straight past the stone wall behind them, turning east over the Thames to take refuge in Saint Paul’s. But a fierce battle was clashing there as well. Ramiel and Turel—Fallen who’d taken human wives like Satarel—were annihilating the sentries of Saint Paul’s.
Horatius again used a slingshot maneuver, going wide and low around Saint Paul’s to double back towards Saint Margaret’s Church. He cursed several profane words. Fallen were pounding its sentries, too.
St. Martin-in-the-Fields was no different. Horatius sprinted through the city, frantically looking for a safe haven in which to gain Sanctuary. Not a single church, mosque, or synagogue was without conflict raging in the heavens over it. 
He ducked into the suburbs for a quick look and couldn’t help it when several more expletives exploded from his mouth. There was no approachable Sanctuary. All hell was breaking loose over London.
Giving the girls what he hoped was a reassuring squeeze, he swung around a small Episcopal church. A pair of Pure defended hard against a pair of Fallen. He gave it a wide berth—and flew headlong into the path of Satarel and four of his demons. The delta formation, with Satarel in the van, came right at them.
Using all his might to both strengthen the protective field around the girls and to catapult them out of the sector, Horatius shot straight up, rattling the roofs below with an supersonic boom.
It was a maneuver Satarel could easily duplicate. He and his four companions rocketed up right after them, making Horatius’ sonic boom sound like a popping cork.
They zoomed past Horatius and spun around to face him. Two held back and took up positions behind them. 
“This can’t be good,” Kaitlyn said in Horatius’ ear.
Horatius had no time to answer. He focused all of his attention on the five demons surrounding them. The trio slowly moved in space, the enemy moving with them and keeping an equal distance from them, while Horatius struggled to develop a strategy.
“Give those girls to Asbeel. My interest is in you,” Satarel boomed. “Surrender your power to me and Asbeel will see them safely to the ground.” Asbeel had a hungry expression that told Horatius he still had a taste for human women.
Horatius could feel Chloe tremble against him. 
“Don’t you go and compromise anything now,” Kaitlyn whispered in his ear. “Don’t worry about us.”
“Shut. Up. Kaitlyn,” Chloe said. “Oh, God! I don’t want to die like this.”
Horatius pulled her in closer hoping to help her feel safer. “Let us go now,” he yelled, “and Michael might be more lenient on you.” He tried to make his bravado sound like a true threat.
Satarel laughed so hard his purple aura pulsated. “You think you are of greater value to the Celestials than you really are. You could have been much. I would have made you great. But you are not. So do not waste my patience. Give Asbeel the girls.” His laughter stopped and his face petrified into steel with hatred.
Don’t think for one moment you can get away. Satarel was in Horatius’ thoughts. Do not resist me anymore and I will make sure Asbeel shows a little more mercy than he is inclined to do.
I have to do something. Now!
Just as quickly as he let the thought form, the five around him moved. Two shifted to positions directly above and below him. The other three moved into a triangle around him.
Satarel laughed again. “Beat you,” he said in a teasing voice. “We have all the time in the universe to play. But I might tire of it. And then, I will get mean. And I am not nice when I am mean.”
Horatius bolted straight back between the two demons forming the triangle with Satarel. He didn’t think about it. He just did it. He used every fiber of his being to add power to the thrust. He even took some of the power from the protective field for more of a boost.
The girls passed out with the G-force. He turned during the explosive plunge backwards and followed with random, spontaneous reversals, moving through the heavens to nowhere specific but away.
He dropped altitude and zipped over the rooftops of Cairo, Egypt. He needed to land in a populated area. They skimmed past the tops of a date palm grove. In the distance three Fallen retreated from a battle over a mosque and disappeared into the clouds. Is Satarel calling in everyone to assist him?
As soon as he thought it, Satarel’s voice came into his head. Fool! You are mine!
Satarel was right. He was a fool. He had to get out of there.
He couldn’t outmaneuver them and he knew it. Not without doing something out of the ordinary and unprecedented.
Before any Fallen could reach his location, he had to be gone.
He left the Chronos Band, rematerialized in the Corridor, and plunged back into time without a thought. He couldn’t even know himself where they were going.
The stars shone and twinkled brightly in the silent night sky. Beneath them a dense forest flitted by in a shadowed blur. Horatius didn’t know where they were and didn’t want to know. 
Both Chloe and Kaitlyn started to rouse.
“What happened?” Chloe said in a drunken voice.
“Did we make it?” Kaitlyn asked.
“We aren’t out of danger yet,” Horatius said. He headed northwest without thinking about it. It just seemed the right way to go.
Chloe squirmed as she became more alert. “We have to go back. Now. We can’t leave my house burning with my family in there.”
Horatius didn’t know what to do about the fire. The longer they were away the more difficult it would be to intervene. But he couldn’t jeopardize the girls’ safety more. He needed to get them to a safe place, and then he could go do something about the fire.
“I’ll take you somewhere safe.”
“Take us home. Benji and Michelle and Nana and Mom aren’t safe. We have to go.”
They were over a body of water now and Horatius could see a glow on the dark horizon that meant civilization. At least when he skipped through the Chronos Band he’d stayed in a time lit by electricity.
“Just a little bit farther,” Horatius said. The island of light was growing bigger in the distance.
Kaitlyn said softly, “This is incredibly beautiful.”
“How can you even think of that?” Chloe said.
Two bright lights appeared in the sky between them and the city’s glow. Horatius pulled up short and stopped. The two lights soared up to them—Jabamiah and Haziel, a Guardian he didn’t know very well.
“We thought you were going to protect the Dixon girl,” Jabamiah said. “Not destroy her.”
“My house is on fire. Make him take me back. I need your help.” She almost leapt out of Horatius’ grasp.
“We heard your cry for help, Child.”
“What you have done with Kaitlyn is unacceptable,” Haziel said to Horatius. “How am I supposed to keep my ward safe with you taking her where she does not belong?”
“I am sorry, but—”
“Silence! There is no time. Your father is moments away. We cannot address your transgressions now. We are to escort you back. They is angry.”
In one short episode, Horatius had probably undone all his effort to gain redemption. He flew forward and took up a position between the two Guardians that towered above him. 
“Prepare the humans for trave—”
A demonic howl swept over them.
A legion of Fallen appeared in the sky. Their purple glow illuminated the sea slapping below them, turning it into a dark bruise. It tinted the Pure violet.
“I meant it when I said you are mine,” Satarel said. “I will give you ten breaths of the blond to give up the humans, or I will see to it all of you cease to exist.”
Kaitlyn sucked in a deep breath and held it.
“They is not going to be pleased,” Jabamiah said.
Satarel laughed. “I do not answer to They. Free choice, remember? And I freely choose to annihilate you. Time’s up. She just breathed for the tenth time.”
“I did not.”
Chloe turned toward Horatius and squeezed her arms around his neck. Kaitlyn reached down over his shoulder and laid her hand on Chloe’s head. 
“Goodbye, Cello,” she said. “I tried not to breathe.”
Chloe grabbed Kaitlyn’s hand tightly in her own and started to whimper.
CHAPTER 23

If Chloe was going to die, at least she’d be with Kaitlyn when it happened.
The two giant angels moved together to form a barrier between them and the dark glowing army. Their huge white wings met in the middle and blocked her view. But she could still see the radiance of their fiery swords, which outlined their silhouettes through their wings in blinding white light. The swords roared like coal furnaces as they moved defensively in front of them. 
Horace’s face was so way beyond intense, she had never seen him so dangerous. He tightened his embrace and moved his thumb ever-so-slightly to caress her arm as though trying to comfort her.
She wanted to be brave, but how could a girl be brave when facing an army of demons? Very nasty demons. Very nasty ferocious demons. Very nasty ferocious demons who were starting some kind of chant and moan and wail that reignited the terror so badly, Chloe feared the sound could kill her.
Horace moved backwards, floating away from the two angels in front of them. When the first ball of flame pierced the big angel on the right, the fire burst through his back with an explosion of sparks and tongues of fire. It sputtered out just before reaching them.
The mass of purple demons closed in around them from the sides, encircling them so even though Horace had backed away, no way were they escaping. They were surrounded.
Horace pulled Kaitlyn off his back and wrapped her in his embrace with Chloe. He seemed to be making himself as big as possible, folding his body and wings around the two of them to protect them as best he could.
The demons were toying with them, taking their time, enjoying their pleasure in seeing them destroyed. The angel who had taken the ball through its center was smaller than before. The other took several flaming arrows into his torso. With each one he shrieked and grew more translucent.
“It’s okay,” Horace said. “Be not afraid.” At his words, something flowed into Chloe’s blood like a sedative. Peace coated her cells. The horrid, taunting sounds of the demons didn’t seem so gruesome somehow. 
“Everything will be okay,” Kaitlyn said as she stroked Chloe’s hair. 
Horace suddenly jerked sideways with a hit from a fireball, taking the girls with him and loosening his grasp on them a fraction. He shuddered against them, but he didn’t cry out.
Horace’s father yelled, “Whether you choose to transfigure now or I drive you back to your earthly form myself, you will transfigure. And then I will have your head.”
Chloe peeked out just as the last evidence of the two angels flickered like a dying florescent bulb. Vapors of them were still trying to valiantly deflect the oncoming missiles. They were nearly gone. Chloe couldn’t understand why the demons all stood back and watched instead of just getting it over with.
The Fallen are hesitant to outright defy They.
She thought Can you hear me?
“I did not mean to intrude. Wanted to make certain…you were comforted.” Horace's words were coated with pain. “Please. Forgive me.”
“Of course,” Kaitlyn said. “If there is anything to even forgive.”
“I guess I’ll see my family soon,” Chloe said just as another ball of flame came tearing at them. She closed her eyes.
Horace jerked with the impact, sending them tumbling through the air. His grip on them slipped. She grabbed onto Horace and Kaitlyn and tried not to scream. Kaitlyn wrapped one arm around Chloe and the other around Horace. She was whispering something Chloe couldn’t make out.
“Horace, stay with me,” Chloe said into his ear.
He kept them just over the surface of the water, but his eyes were closed and his face was rigid with concentration.
The waves reached up and splashed them they were so close to the water’s surface. The skin of Horace’s arm was no longer bright with light.
“Saint Michael, guardian of the souls of men, conqueror of the rebel angels, be with us in our last moments.” It was hardly audible, but Chloe could hear Kaitlyn now. The words couldn’t compete with the terror, but maybe, somehow, she wasn’t as afraid when she heard Kaitlyn’s courage.
“I used to hear my aunt pray,” Kaitlyn whispered. The water crested over their toes. “It’s so cold.”
A flaming arrow shot through Horace. He convulsed. They dropped and the water rose up their legs. As they went into the sea, what was left of Horace’s golden radiance glowed only a moment and sputtered out. He was nearly unconscious. He went face down into the water. Chloe and Kaitlyn struggled together to get him turned over, dogpaddling in place, panting and crying.
“Horace!” Chloe cried.
“Do not trouble yourself, petty little humans. I have been waiting for centuries for this moment. It matters not if he is drowning when I behead him.” Satarel glowed a deeper, darker illumination, then swept down away from the rest of the army and floated over the three of them bobbing in the water. “Your end will not be so swift. Ponder that while I have my pleasure.”
Satarel reached inside of Horace’s chest, passing his vaporous hand through him. Satarel held his heart a moment, then Horace, who’d opened his eyes wide for only that second, twitched and went limp. Satarel yelled in some frightening language then snatched out his hand. The flaming sword in his other hand flickered and became a sword made of shining steel.
As he raised the blade over Horace, a growl in the demon’s throat grew into a howl.
“No!” Chloe screamed. 
Kaitlyn prayed, “Saint Michael, defend us in the day of battle!”
Sudden terror filled the demon’s eyes. Just before the blade touched Horace’s neck, a massive angel of light shot past, taking away Satarel with a direct hit punctuated by sparks and a sonic boom.
Chloe screamed and grabbed Horace to her, pulling his dripping head up onto her shoulder as she continued to struggle to stay afloat herself. 
A cacophony of noise exploded around them.
“Look,” Kaitlyn said peering into the sky.
A multitude of brilliant white stars floated like a net in the sky above them. Each light was the vertex of a triangle, and the side of each triangle was part of another triangle beside it. 
The stars took on more distinct forms and faces, arms, and wings solidified. Fiery swords, arrows, maces, and lances manifested in their hands. In front of the entire formation was a group of a dozen angels with a main leader. The one in front was the most wondrous thing Chloe had ever seen in her life. He was beautiful and terrifying, magnificent and overwhelming. She couldn’t take her eyes off him.
“Unfathomable,” Kaitlyn said. “You're Saint Michael, the archangel, aren't you? I called for you.”
The majestic being smiled at Kaitlyn, then spoke with a voice that vibrated the ocean.
“The prayers of the meek are powerful, Satarel. More powerful than you.”
Satarel was smaller than before and less radiant, but he took his place at the head of his army, now dwarfed by the new host of celestial beings.
Satarel spat unknown words at the white angel, but they were clearly something ancient and undeniably profane.
“Disperse your army,” the huge white angel said. “They will not tolerate any more defiance without great consequence. This is your one chance to retreat. Or we will wipe you from this sector for a hundred years.”
A unison battle cry went up from the brilliant host.
The ranks among the demons became restless, their agitation visible and palpable.
All at once, a shout went up from the back of the demonic formation. Something began to swell, rippling forward like a tidal wave. The legion separated, dividing to form an aisle. Each demon turned toward the new passageway.
A powerful blast ruptured the newly cleared center. A being almost as magnificent as the leader of the Pure appeared in their midst. All the dark ones dropped their heads in obeisance to the creature. 
The being’s purple throbbed so dark the hue was black except at the very edges of his radiance. His long massive sword had the hilt in the center with flaming forked blades on both ends.
Chloe had to turn away, her breath caught in her throat. The creature twisted her insides with panic and torment. Horror repelled her gaze, while at the same time something lured her to turn back toward him.
“Michael,” he boomed across the sky to where the white giant angel hovered.
“You have come at Satarel’s bidding, Lucifer? Who rules as prince of your principalities now?”
“I come to protect what is mine.”
Chloe couldn’t help but watch.
“Don’t look at the purple ones,” Kaitlyn said. “They are evil.”
Michael thundered an ancient phrase and the angels behind him repeated the cry. Then all at once the army of angels charged at the demons. Flaming missiles shot through the air. The water glowed below with brilliant reflections. The angels collided against the demons. Weapon crashed upon weapon, holy against evil, Pure against Fallen. They clashed swords, launched fire balls, and pummeled one another with flaming maces. All the collisions created lightening that cut the sky into pieces. Explosions erupted and mushroom clouds blew beings across the sector. Static cracked the air, thunder shook the atmosphere. Fire and smoke spewed as blistering weapons collided with other weapons or with Celestial bodies. The forces unleashed split the heavens and filled the space with blazing particles. 
One of the angels left the melee and swept down to Chloe, Horace, and Kaitlyn.
“Come. We have not much time.”
His huge arms easily gathered the three of them up out of the water. Two of the dark ones darted down for them, but three light beings flashed into their path and headed them off before they reached Chloe and the others.
Their rescuer sped them away from the blazing battle. His wings beat the air sounding like tympani. They flew through the night sky and the sounds of battle disappeared behind them. First the sky deepened in darkness, and then the black shifted to charcoal then gray. When they reached somewhere silent and light, they descended from the air and set down on an island.
The angel let down the girls first onto the sand, and then he lowered Horace. Chloe hadn’t realized how shaky her legs were. She stumbled and caught herself on Kaitlyn, who threw her arms around her and held on tightly.
“Horatius, awaken.” The angel laid his hand on Horace’s shoulder and he opened his eyes. “You must hasten away. Go far and stay unobtrusive for a long while.”
Horace struggled to sit up. “I must take the girls—”
“I will see to the girls. You must go.”
“We have to get back to my house!” Chloe said.
Horace struggled to his feet. He teetered and stumbled. “I need help. I tried and I could not trans—”
He exploded into his titanic brilliant self. 
“Your powers are unblocked. Now go!”
He turned to Chloe and Kaitlyn and said in his kettledrum voice, “I beg your forgiveness for everything. I have no choice.”
Kaitlyn extended her hand up. “It’s been a pleasure.”
“You can’t leave me,” Chloe squealed and knocked down Kaitlyn’s hand. “What’s happened to my family? We have to go back and do something.”
“I have been commanded. I cannot disregard it.”
“Go now,” said the angel. “All is set for—”
A purple missile blasted right through the space where the angel had been standing, taking both the missile and the angel into the crust of the earth like a crashing meteorite. Horace didn’t waste a breath and grabbed both Chloe and Kaitlyn and shot back into the stratosphere.
CHAPTER 24

Something dark had flashed before them, the big white angel disappeared, and Horace grabbed Chloe so forcibly she got whiplash.
They were back in the air and flying at such an astounding speed, everything was a blur. Horace had Chloe under one arm and Kaitlyn under the other. Chloe reached out to Kaitlyn and grabbed her hand.
“Did you see that?” Kaitlyn asked. “That poor angel. Squished just like a bug!”
“Do you think he’s dead?” Chloe said.
“They are eternal,” Horace said. Chloe didn’t know he was listening, he was so busy rocketing through the sky. “They cannot be killed. They diminish and disappear from where they are—and their pain is excruciating—but they appear elsewhere and recover. They lose their dominion in the sector, but they don’t die. Not as you know death.”
“It sure seemed like that mean one thought he was going to kill you,” Kaitlyn said.
“I’m not like the others. I can be killed. And so can you, so we have to get somewhere safe.”
And Chloe thought they were going fast before.
With the surge, everything changed. The molecules of the air detonated around them and nothing was the same. For a moment—or perhaps hours—they went backwards, though they still plunged ahead. Or sideways. Or somewhere. Chloe’s senses couldn’t process what she felt. Kaitlyn gripped her hand and the pressure of her grasp was the only sensation close to normal. Chloe felt twenty feet long, then two centimeters long. Her head was the size of a hot air balloon, then a marble. 
When the speed changed enough that Chloe could see again, Kaitlyn squeaked.
“My hand,” she said. “You’re crushing my hand.”
“Oh! Sorry,” Chloe said and released her grip. “I think I passed out. Or dreamed, or something. Something happened. I feel so weird.”
“Me, too,” Kaitlyn said. “I was about to say something, but now it’s gone.”
Beneath them was the checkerboard of farms and roadways visible from a plane, but they didn’t look solid. Their substance shifted and moved, like a reflection in water.
The sky was light, but there was no obvious source of light—no sun, no lamps. “Where are we?” Chloe asked Horace.
“I am taking you somewhere safe.” Something ahead made him react with a string of expletives that Chloe didn’t think angels would know.
Four winged beings came charging at them through the sky. 
Horace didn’t change course and kept right at them, like some game of chicken. Chloe grabbed Kaitlyn again and braced for impact.
The foursome split to either side of the trio as they passed.
“What are you thinking, Horatius?” one yelled.
“…bringing them here?” said another.
“You've led Fallen in by the hundreds. Get out!” a third cried.
Several more profane words erupted from Horace’s mouth. He turned a hard right and headed in a different direction. Or a different dimension. Chloe couldn’t tell anymore.
Her inner ear whirled around like a windmill. Chloe focused on one spot in the distance trying to manage her nausea. The spot disappeared and once again she couldn’t tell if she was asleep or awake, or a mile or an inch long. 
And as quickly as it all came on, the sensations stopped. They were in tranquility. Brilliant light illuminated the air around them, but not blinding light. It was warm, comfortable, and it encased Chloe in such contentment, she wondered how she had endured any previous moment elsewhere. 
Music was in the air, but she didn’t hear it with her ears. It was part of the particles washing across her skin, that she breathed. She savored it, felt it inside her lungs like an aroma so fabulous she could taste it. It felt like thick chocolate melted on her tongue. It seeped into her being and filled her soul and mind with an awareness of its presence. The music was unlike any she’d heard—more beautiful, more complex than what she could have imagined any harmony could be. She was part of the melody.
All the panic vanished. In its place, peace prevailed. She was one with the music, the fragrance, the moment, and none of the past pain had power over her.
In front of them was what might have been a wall, or a mountainous barrier, or something where all things stopped or all things began. In the middle of the enormous luminescent wall was a portal. It didn’t look like any door or gate Chloe had ever seen, but she knew what it was all the same. It radiated beauty and tranquility so tangible, joy permeated her. She longed to go through it.
The tranquility didn’t penetrate the angel who was hovering in front of it, looking around nervously. His face contorted into a painful look of fear.
“What are you doing? You cannot bring them here, Horatius! They are Unexpired Humans. Did you get clearance from They? Did you even think to ask? I have heard nothing of any Elijah Recovery, no Fire Chariot commissioned. Oh, you have disrupted the equilibrium between corporeal and spiritual. You cannot just bring them here! And the Escorts! What will this do to the Escorts? Go! Shoo! You cannot stay here.” His wings stood straight up and shivered with indignation.
“We need help, Darryn,” Horace said.
“By golly you do,” the nervous angel said. “More than ever before. Unprecedented, I tell you,” he moaned. “What will I tell They? I am not taking this on. You have to deal with this.”
“Please help us. Just this once,” Horace said.
“Just this once. As though you have never asked for help before. Or will never ask again. Well, maybe not again, since this is going to send you somewhere from which you will not return!” His agitation shook him so, Chloe wondered if angels could have heart attacks.
“Excuse me,” Kaitlyn said. “Darryn?”
“She is talking to me,” he said in hysterics.
“Please help us. Things just aren’t going too well right now,” Kaitlyn said.
Though the panic was gone, Chloe still knew her family needed help. “My family—they’re in trouble. Please help them. My house is on fire.”
“Horatius, is this a joke? Is this some kind of Unprecedented Supplication? I am not a Request Processor. I do not take requests. I monitor the High Corridor. I facilitate the Escorts. Did you tell them I take requests? Horatius, did you tell them that?”
“We are in a bad spot,” Horace said. “Have you heard what is going on? Satarel is on some kind of all-out assault. He called in the Prince.”
The sound of anguish that escaped the nervous angel made Chloe tuck in closer to Horace. 
“Did you make him do that?” he asked. “Did you provoke him into it?”
“I am just trying to save the girls.”
“Did I not say that would be a bad idea? I told Mebahel it was a bad idea. Bad idea. You are not equipped. You are no Guardian. For heaven’s sake, you were a—” He slapped his hand over his mouth with an expression of shock that he nearly uttered a bad word. “Go, go. There are Escorts on their way right now. You cannot be here when they come.”
“But where should we go? We can’t travel anywhere safely.”
“Of course not, not with the Prince moving against you. Go somewhere quiet, where no one will look for you. That will be your best option.” He stopped and appeared to be listening to an unheard sound. “They says you must leave immediately and then the Corridor becomes off limits to you and your kind and Unexpired Humans until he says otherwise. No more of this. Now you never have trouble doing the unexpected. Do something unexpected again. Now. You cannot be here. Go!”
“I feel a bit off. Will you give us a boos—”
Before he finished saying it, a boost of powerful energy grabbed them and swept them away. The farther they got from the musical light, the weaker the peace was that had encompassed Chloe. The tranquility disappeared and she felt a great loss. And the fear returned, reminding her that she’d left her family in the burning house, and she had to get back to save them before it was too late.
CHAPTER 25

The boost with which Darryn of the Gate expelled them was too powerful. Horatius tripped as though he were running too fast, falling headlong in an extended, uncontrolled tumble through the heavens.
He held the girls close and protected them from the forces. He stumbled through different dimensions, unable to contain or control their descent. The finicky nature of the Chronos Band—letting Nephilim in only when she pleased—and his breakneck nose-dive, made it improbable he could plunge into the year he wanted.
They came in low and fast, hitting a tall cornfield. Horatius turned his back and took the impact. He knocked through the corn stalks like a stick down a picket fence. The girls screamed as though they were on a bungee cord free-falling.
When they’d cut a swath all the way across the colossal cornfield, they hit a haystack. It exploded with their impact. Pieces of straw sprayed everywhere. The stack absorbed their speed and slowed their harrowing reentry. They tumbled a short distance more, going through the open doors of a barn. Just before the back wall, in another giant pile of straw, they came to a stop.
Horatius looked down and saw only Chloe, tucked in a ball on top of him.
“I’m okay,” a shaky voice yelled out from in front of the barn and many rows of corn away. “I’m okay. I’m over here.”
Horatius lifted his head to look out the barn door. Kaitlyn staggered to her feet, waving at him while plucking bits of stalk and tassels from her torn sleepwear. The white ponytail that once bounced on the top of her head sagged behind one ear. “Really, I’m fine. Just kind of…full of corn.”
With Kaitlyn clearly okay, Horatius put his attention back on Chloe. She looked so vulnerable curled up on his chest. And desirable. Something had happened between them. During all that chaos, something had blossomed toward her. A tenderness, an attraction. And it was more than his usual casual interest in women. He'd been through enough with Chloe to establish a friendship. And it felt like even more than that. Somehow, with all her ridiculous decisions and insecurities, he was drawn to her. He wanted to take care of her. More than just a Guardian would do.
“Are you okay?” Horatius spoke softly to Chloe, who still hadn’t looked up from where she hid her face on his chest. “Chloe, it’s all right. You’re safe.”
She finally peeked out. Pieces of straw were tangled in her curly, thick hair and dirt was splattered across her face.
“Is my family dead?” She was clearly bracing herself to hear the worst.
“No, they are not.”
“Really? How can you be sure?” A shadow of dread was already breaking through her resolve to be strong.
“I’ve brought us back in time a bit, before anything even happened. Your house hasn’t caught fire yet.”
She stared at him interminably. No sound, no change in expression. He couldn’t fathom what she was thinking.
“Okay. I believe you.” She scooted up closer to his face. His crumpled wings beneath him propped up his head. Chloe was eye to eye with him. “Are you okay? You’re wings are a mess. Is one broken?”
“Nothing that can’t be repaired.”
She looked down at his chest and pressed it with her palm. “I only just that one time barely touched you when you were like this. You kind of glow. You don’t really have clothes—not normal clothes—but you’re wrapped up in light. I mean, you’re not naked or anything—” She blushed. “Angels don’t wear robes like in paintings. It’s more like you wear…light.”
“And I better change out of it before I give away where we are.” He was glad she was watching him. The intimacy was pleasing. He concentrated and transfigured back into his human form, with Chloe still lying on him. He dressed himself in clothes he hoped would be appropriate for where he thought they might be.
“Wow.” 
He raised inquisitive eyebrows to Chloe.
“Wow, that was incredible. I felt you change under me. You’re closer to my size now, too. Not such a giant.” She smiled and scooted up even closer to his face. She traced his lips with her finger.
The touch startled Horatius. He didn’t expect it and it confused him. That never happened. She’d actually rendered him dumbfounded. Tongue-tied, he couldn’t think of what to say. So he wasted the moment and said, “We should get you and Kaitlyn changed, too. If you’re seen in your sleepwear, it might cause some unnecessary problems.”
“I don’t want to move.”
“I don’t want you to move.” Maybe he could get the moment back.
They stared at each other, taking turns smiling.
“I, ah, hate to interrupt you two lovebirds. I tried to give you a minute. But I see some people riding horseback coming this way. Maybe they’ll help.” 
Kaitlyn stood in the doorway, with a little less corn and grass on her now. The strap from one side of her outer tank top was torn and hanging, and one leg of her pajamas was ripped open from the knee down. She was trying to turn on her iPhone.
Self-conscious with Kaitlyn there, Chloe got up off Horace. Her legs were shaky, but she wasn’t sure if that was from the terrifying flight or whatever had just happened between her and Horace.
Horace sat up and used a post to get to his feet. It took way too long. He didn’t look steady at all. Or strong.
“I’m going to change your clothes to something I think to be more appropriate. I just need to think a moment.”
By the way he teetered and his color drained away, Chloe knew something wasn’t right. It was taking too long. When he’d changed the water into wine, it happened immediately. And with a lot less tension in his face.
Then all at once, she felt heat and movement all around her, tightly against her skin. Her hair buzzed and her skin tingled. Fabric swirled around her body. Her hair wasn’t where it had been. Chloe looked down at what was happening to her clothes, and then over at Kaitlyn. They were dressed in some kind of crazy mutant Renaissance clothes. Chloe’s had an extra sleeve coming out of the stomach and Kaitlyn’s sleeves were attached to the sides of the dress so she couldn’t lift her arms very high. Crooked neon green and purple stripes crossed Chloe’s dress. Her bloomers beneath were neon pink. Kaitlyn’s orange and blue polka dot gown looked like it was on backwards. Both of them had hairdos as big as giant lamp shades. Kaitlyn’s hair had a nest with birds—real birds—attached above her forehead, like a little hat. 
“I don’t know what just happened but it fixed my phone,” Kaitlyn said watching her cell light up.
“Forget your phone. Look at your clothes, Kaitlyn. Look at me. We look ridiculous.”
Chloe turned to ask what in the world Horace was thinking, but he was lying on the ground having what looked like a seizure. She dropped down next to him and took a hold of his giant, rigid, twitching hand.
“Horace, what’s wrong? What’s happening? Are you okay? What are we supposed to do? Kaitlyn, call nine-one-one!”
Kaitlyn waddled over, walking like a penguin because of her puffy hem with two holes where her feet came out. “I don’t have a signal. No bars.” Pointing with her elbow trapped at her side, she said, “Those riders are going by. Maybe they can help.”
Chloe didn’t wait to hear any more. She jumped up and ran out of the barn and waved down the riders.
The horses stamped and one bucked high when pulled to the quick halt. The men were costumed in kilts and dirt and all kinds of accessories and weapons. Are we near Larkspur? Chloe ignored their festival getups. “We need help. Please, will you help us?”
They all stared at her. The biggest, dirtiest one smiled.
She focused on him. “Please call for help. We need a doctor.”
The three horsemen pulled their horses into a tight circle around her. They spoke to each other, but she didn’t recognize their words.
“S’il vous plait? Por favor? Bitte? What language do you speak? Do you understand me?”
The big one got down. He was huge. He smelled like a cow and had skin like tanned leather, except where a white scar puckered the left side of his face. He walked around her, rubbing against her. He picked up the extra sleeve coming out of the front of her dress and fondled it, turning it over in his hand and staring at her torso. 
She drew her arms up to try to protect herself from his eyes. She pulled back, though he hung on to the sleeve. “Let go.”
His smile was dreadful. Her courage melted and drained out of her pores like sweat.
“Horace?” With her eyes locked on the giant holding her tether, she cried out. “Horace, Horatius!”
The giant yanked her in and grabbed her by the throat, squeezing tight enough that she couldn’t speak. Just before she passed out, he let go and she dropped. He laughed to his buddies then hauled her up onto his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. He said a string of strange words, gave her a degrading thump on the rump, then threw her over the horse and remounted behind her. 
She tried to cry out but her strangled throat only let out a rasp. 
Kaitlyn stepped out of the barn. “You better take me with you, too,” she said to the men.
“Run,” Chloe tried to yell but she had no voice.
Kaitlyn didn’t run. The huge man who had Chloe charged his horse right at her. Chloe screamed but nothing came out. Kaitlyn didn’t blink. At the last second, her captor veered to the side. He reached down and grabbed a handful of Kaitlyn’s dress and hauled her up onto his horse with Chloe. After yelling incoherent words at his fellow riders, they all galloped away, leaving Horace behind in the barn, maybe dying without a soul to help him.
CHAPTER 26

As soon as he saw the girls, he knew they were different. Forget their ridiculous clothes. Their teeth and complexions were enough to tell Panahasi they were something worth grabbing. He could get a high ransom for girls like that.
Then one of them called for Horace, Horatius. The Horatius they invoked had to be the very one who had caused him to be marooned in this hellish existence for all these years. Horatius, his brother. Leave it to his brother to associate with such odd yet beautiful young women. Then the ultimate surprise—the second girl walked out holding a cell phone. He hadn’t seen one of those for decades. These girls were from the future.
The tips of his fingers gently stroked the scar that ran up the side of his face. The wound that left the horrid mark had come the night his banishment began. It was the night that Satarel was about to achieve his long sought-after goal of catching Horatius. And Panahasi’s plan was that he would be credited for delivering him.
But it all went terribly wrong. He’d underestimated Horatius. Somehow, he found the willpower, against all odds, to transfigure. How could he with that hole in his chest? With all the beatings he had endured? Something unprecedented had occurred the night on that cliff top. And in the process, when Horatius metamorphosed into his blazing celestial form, he blew the sword of that idiot Scotsman right up the side of Panahasi’s cheek, slicing him open from jaw to temple. But worse than any of that, Satarel blamed him for the loss of Horatius’ head. Before chasing after Horatius, Satarel cursed Panahasi and took his powers, banishing him to stay in human form until whenever it might be Satarel’s whim to release him. Which had not yet come.
So in the meantime, he made do, searching for ways to ease his plight, opportunities to use his extensive knowledge of humankind to make a living. With his unsightly disfigurement left by the sword wound—which festered overlong without his powers—he’d had the worst luck trying to find success. Only the underbelly of society wanted to associate with him or extend opportunities to him. 
Then, by some serendipitous, extraordinary set of circumstances, he happened upon the two girls.
With the hope of flushing Horatius from his hiding by provoking him to reveal himself, he grabbed the one girl’s neck and squeezed the fragile thing in his fist until another moment would have left him with one less pawn. When no appearance came from his brother, he had to let go and develop a new idea. So he stole them both. 
Panahasi was on his way to a job when he found the girls. The money promised him by George Gordon for working as a hired sword was badly needed, so he would take the girls and go forward with his plans to earn his cash reward. Then with coin to buy food and comfort for a time, he could prepare for his new plan. If his father would not release him from the curse and give him back his celestial privileges, he knew one who might—and now he had something he could offer in exchange for the restoration.

***

When he came to, Horatius rolled onto his side and willed himself to lose consciousness again, trying not to think about what he must have done for such a bad hangover. 
Then his senses came back to him. He sprang up and his brain broke into a thousand pieces inside his skull. 
He dropped his face into his hands, splinting his throbbing skull with his wide-spread fingers, hoping to keep it from blowing into bits. Where are the girls? Where is Chloe? He tried to remember through the fog in his mind. He hadn't been able get a good hold of their quantum particles. He hadn’t been able to control the metamorphosis. Their clothes were completely wrong. Or was that just some strange dream?
He had tried to transfigure, then everything went blank. What was happening to him? He couldn’t transfigure or even tolerate the most simple molecular transmutation. Any power leaving his body took everything with it. 
How long had he been unconscious? Fifteen minutes? An hour?
He stumbled out of the barn and tripped down the path into the road, sprawling onto his hands and knees in the dusty path.
He pivoted and sat in the middle of the road. Except for cawing birds, silence. No people. They might have been gone hours for all he knew. Hoof and boot prints in the dirt around him told him news he did not want.
He threw his arms in the air to transfigure. Just in time, he checked himself. Old habits died hard. No transfiguring. No flying. No molecular manipulation. No attempts until he found out what was wrong, what his father had done to him. He’d have to find the girls and get them to safety in Queen Mary’s household—if he’d even landed when she was still queen—then he would find Sanctuary and ask the Celestials for help.
He ignored the pain in his head and set out. At first, walking was the only movement he could tolerate. After a distance, he picked up the pace and, unexpectedly, his head remained intact. Once his skull became accustomed to the jostling, he jogged, and then all-out ran. About the time his brain could tolerate no more crashing around inside his head, he entered Edinburgh. The migraine needed some medicinal whiskey. Ainslie Tavern on Cowgate was the place to go. And someone might have seen two out-of-place girls. 
Horatius arrived to find a crowd so thick he could barely squeeze through the doorway. Seeing into the dark room was impossible after coming in from the glaring sun. The dark, cool room eased some of his headache as soon as he entered. He waited, listened, and took in a deep breath to smell the aroma. More pain slipped away with his exhalation. The pub smells he loved. Ale. When was the last time he had a drink? And food. Oh, how he could use a good meal. But he had to stay focused. He pushed his way through the packed bodies standing in clusters. His eyes adjusted and the room brightened, and he saw clumps of men huddled together holding tankards and gnawing on meaty goose legs, talking boisterously within their groups. His mouth watered watching them drink and chew. 
He made his way to the front counter where the barkeep filled tankards and couldn’t get them out fast enough. Everything in Horatius yearned for the taste of beer, but he realized in a new way, if he meant to find and rescue the girls, he couldn’t risk even one drink.
The moment the serving maid laid out a plate of goose legs, fists snatched them away and left an empty dish with only sauce drippings on it. Another serving maid tried to fill her tray to deliver more drinks around the room, but she couldn’t keep the cups on her platter long enough to get away.
“What is going on?” Horatius asked the barkeep in a voice booming over all the noise. He kept his eyes locked on the golden amber flowing from the keg to the tankard in the barkeep’s fist.
The barkeep smiled and handed the cup to Horatius, but someone else grabbed it. “Sorry. I will ge’ yeh one of yur own.” He put another cup to the keg spigot.
“Why the crowd? Is it a festival day I have forgotten?”
“What? I canna hear you over the tumult.”
“What is going on?”
“The royal army is marching north on the morrow. Everyone is readying to go.” 
But which royal army? Who is monarch?
Before the barkeep ruined his resolve not to drink, Horatius left the bar and squeezed between the packed men to look for a reliable source—away from the noise of the counter—that might have more information for him. 
Several men circled a table in the far back corner, leaning in to hear one another. William Keith was in the center of the group. 
Thank God and the Chronos Band, I made it into the right century!
“…finally get your vengeance,” one of the men said when Horatius came within earshot.
“Where in the name of haggis have you been?” Keith called out to Horatius. “Last I saw you was seven or eight moons ago during me daughter’s wedding. Then you just vanished.” He shoved at the man next to him. “Give the fellow a chair, man.”
Horatius was grateful for the seat. “I was called away suddenly.”
“You are back at a good time, that is for certes. We are going with Queen Mary’s army to put down the Cock o’ the North—George Gordon.”
“The Queen is marching north, is she?”
“Gordon aims to rise up against the nobles and force his papist beliefs back onto all of us Scots, thinking the Queen will back him. He has o’er-stepped by the width of the ocean this time. She is going to put him down. And I am going to help.” He lifted his tankard and all the men around the table lifted theirs in kind with hearty cheers. “You can come, too.” Another cheer rose.
“I am looking for two young women. We were waylaid on the road west of town.” He left out he’d been helpless to help them. “I must recover them before they come to harm.”
A red bearded, scruffy man behind Keith scoffed, as though the chance of that was past. Horatius glared at him and he quickly hid his face in his tankard. The other men around the table looked from one to the other, keeping their opinions private.
“I saw them.” Someone behind Horatius stepped up and squeezed in close around the table. His stringy brown hair fell into his eyes, and his young beard left bare patches among the wads of wispy moss on his face. “They came through yesterday.” 
Damn! I was out a full day.
“Two women, one wi’ white hair, the other dark. They were dressed in the oddest attire. Everyone was looking and whispering. It was impossible not to stare.”
“That would be them.” So those strange clothes weren’t a dream. “What of the men?”
“The dark man was the size of the other two put together—big like you. Bigger. And he was in charge. Mean son of a cur, tha’ one. There were two others, one tall and thin as a tree with orange hair flaming out the top. And the other was medium and dark.”
An inner alarm went off. “Bigger than I am?” Who would be dark as well and bigger than I but another Nephil?
“Aye, with a nasty scar down the side of his face, puckered and white.”
Horatius slammed his fist on the table. Panahasi. Last Horatius had seen him was on the cliff top of Dunnottar with a slashed, bloody face the night Horatius barely escaped. If Panahasi was suffering an unmended scar, that meant he’d been stripped of his powers. And without his powers, he would try anything to regain what he’d lost. If he had Chloe and Kaitlyn, he would use them any way he could to his advantage. If he found out Chloe was a descendant of the house of Keith and on Satarel’s watch list, it was worse for Chloe than Horatius ever considered.
“Did you see where they went? Hear where they are staying?” Horatius said, trying not to scare the lad, but he had to know everything, and fast.
The boy lowered his tankard in the middle of his swig and coughed. Horatius tried to reassure him with a smile, but he knew by the fear in the boy’s eyes, he probably wasn’t really smiling and the lad thought he would skin him if he did not answer correctly.
“I remember hearing something abou’ Gordon. George Gordon,” the boy stammered. “The big one was trying to speak low, but his companion couldna hear him over the commotion in the street. He spoke of earning siller. Going north.”
It sounded like Panahasi was playing at being a mercenary, offering his service to whomever paid the heaviest purse for his sword. “What else? Did you hear where they are staying?”
“By the speed they took down the road—not caring one wit if they ran a person o’er—they were on their way out of town, and in a hurry to quit it.”
Horatius swatted a half-filled tankard off the table and into a wall.
“I could be wrong,” the boy quickly amended. 
“You are not wrong,” Horatius grunted, forgetting any pretense to keep the boy comfortable. “The miscreant would not stay around here with all the Queen’s men gathering. He has got to be on his way to join Gordon. Maybe that means he does not know…”
“Know what?” Keith said.
“I need a horse,” Horatius said. He snatched the boy’s tankard and downed what beer was left in the cup.
“It will be impossible to find a mount today. Everyone who has one is using it or has already hired it out.”
Horatius cursed then thought of who could help. “I have to go,” he said to the group and stood. “May you crush the Gordon while keeping your own skin safe.”
Another round of hurrahs swelled around the table and many cups were inverted to dump more ale down their gullets, but Horatius was already on his way to the door.
A serving maid at the exit held a partially filled tray and he grabbed a drumstick as he went out the door. His idea just had to work. He moved toward his goal as fast as he could walk, just short of running, tearing off huge mouthfuls of meat as he went. Though he had no appetite, not with the girls out there somewhere with that fiend, he ate. The next meal may not come for a long while, especially if he could not transmute matter. And he had to be strong for Chloe and Kaitlyn.
Outside of Saint Giles church, he tossed the stripped drumstick to a dog nuzzling at a heap of rubbish in the gutter. The dog snapped up the bone with a snarl and dashed away. Horatius licked the grease off his fingers and entered the church, letting his eyes adjust a moment to the dark interior. John Knox was at the front of the chancel tending something at the altar. Horatius wasted no time and marched to the front.
“Ah, hello Horace,” Knox said. “Dropping in for a quick visit before disappearing again? It looks like your nose mended remarkably.” Knox scrutinized his profile. “Quite remarkably. I cannot even tell.”
“I need a horse.”
“So does everyone else.” He dismissed Horatius’ appearance and turned back to the altar. He pulled a candle stub from the brass candelabra and replaced it with a new, long taper. “I have emptied the church stables already for all the folks who have the idea they need to go on an adventure with that French Catholic wench.”
“They want to go to protect your religion, John. I would not discount them too quickly.”
“You mistake my intent. Those who own no horse have no sense heading into a war fought by trained men. Farmers. Townsmen. They have no experience. Some can barely wield a sword, let alone thrust it home when facing an adversary. Those are who have no business taking my horses.”
“But you gave them to them anyway?”
“We need the coin. The hungry are here as much as ever. It is quite an expense to keep them in bread. Who am I to tell others what to do?”
Horatius scoffed. You always tell others what to do. But Horatius needed his help so he swallowed the gibe. “Is there not a single mount I can use? I will pay you well.”
“Do not tell me you wish to also chase north after that French harlot.”
“I have other business. Much more pressing.”
“More pressing than this, than what every other man in Scotland believes is imperative? Intriguing. Pray tell. What do you believe so paramount?”
How much could he tell him? It would be such sweet relief to confide in another, to admit what he had done. And then to perhaps gain reassurances. Knox, of all people, should understand the need for another to receive grace. He knew that much about truth, having abandoned the corrupt system of penance and indulgences, and joined in the Reformation so fervently. Can I confide in him?
“Are you just going to stare at me all day, or are you going to answer my question?”
“Two girls, they were placed in my protection.”
“Oh, dear Lord.”
“No, it is not like that. I was protecting them. I was doing a good deed. Or hoping to. And it went terribly wrong.” Will John agree I have a chance at restoration?
“We both already know you are damned to hell. What is one more sin?”
The words were a blade in his chest. Knox was confirming his worst fear, telling him he was bound for the Pit. Well, he had been there. And the idea of spending eternity there, separated from all that was good and holy, was not something he could accept. Who did Knox think he was, anyway? Some presumptuous priest who believed he had the authority to determine the destiny of a person’s soul? 
Horatius would determine his own destiny. He would find those girls, and if he had to, undo any harm that had been done, and return them to safety. He would prove himself, working relentlessly, unerringly, to show he was worthy of They’s love and acceptance. He would do whatever was needed to win redemption. And to hell with Knox!
“Never mind. Forget I said anything. I am just looking for a mount. I will be on my way.” He turned to get out of there as quickly as possible.
“Don’t be so impetuous. Wait a moment. I didn’t realize you were so earnest. You have never heeded anything I said before. I do have one animal you can borrow. She is in the back stable. Be gentle with her. She is old. Use her name to calm her. She likes to hear it—Bethesda. I call her Beth. Do not beat her. I do not want her returned to me tyrannized.”
Furious with himself for confiding, but more so at Knox for his arrogance, Horatius dashed to the stable and flung open the door. A loud bray greeted him when the setting, angled sunlight glared into the eyes of a mule. A swayback, matted, mean old mule. Horatius let out a string of curses. The animal answered with a bray as profane as the words Horatius had used.
CHAPTER 27

Kaitlyn breathed slow, steady, and deep. She was curled up next to Chloe on a smelly blanket spread on the ground next to a campfire. The skinny orange-haired captor had pulled it off his horse and tossed it at them. 
Unable to close her eyes, Chloe lay motionless staring into the darkness. She was numb and couldn’t cry any more. Images of her family abandoned in their burning house had scorched her brain. Being kidnapped by horrific monsters had left her paralyzed with terror. When her emotions weren’t shaking her with dread and anguish, her brain was trying to get around what had happened with Horace; to comprehend talking to glowing, winged celestial beings; battling against demons alongside Michael the archangel; flying through the heavens and—dare she think?—different dimensions. Had they actually been to heaven? Were they truly in a different time now? If Horace could do all she’d seen, was it such a stretch to believe he’d taken them to a different time? 
The town they’d hurried through—could it really have been old Edinburgh? The castle on the hill looked mostly the same as its modern version. But everything else looked and smelled in every way like a medieval town. The vulgar people and feral horses, the spoiled food, the filthy clothes—it was all so unsophisticated and uncontained, crass and barbaric. And wildly frightening. The men were big and hairy, with untrimmed beards and dirty dark mops on their heads. Their kilts, if she could call them that, were nothing like the colorful pleated skirts she knew. The men strutted around with stained, worn plaid blankets draped around dingy yellow nightshirts. The few women they saw were rough, hairy, and nearly as dirty as the men. Children looked like they’d been sprinkled in oil then rolled in the dirt. Kaitlyn and she had finally admitted there was no other explanation but that they were in a different century. 
But what on earth—or in heaven, or the universe for that matter—could she do to get home? She couldn’t click her heels three times and wake up from the nightmare. Her dad couldn’t come get her this time. Horace hadn’t come. Marooned and abandoned. That’s what I am. The distress and despair were enough to start her crying again, even when she thought she couldn’t possibly spill one more tear.
Nighttime was the only time Kaitlyn and she were left alone together. Otherwise, the big one kept Chloe with him all the time, and the orange-haired one kept Kaitlyn, though the leader barked unintelligible words at him frequently, seemingly keeping him from bothering Kaitlyn when he started to act up. The big one used Chloe’s extra sleeve coming out the middle of her bodice as his handle to pull her around and keep her close. Even now he had the sleeve tied to a rope—like a leash on an elephant’s trunk. He didn’t make the orange-haired one tether Kaitlyn because it was clear she was going wherever Chloe went.
And Chloe was going to escape. They had to get away before getting killed. Their captors were toying with them, holding out until suddenly snapping and doing horrible things to them until they died. She and Kaitlyn had to get to a church and tell the angel guards they knew they were there, knew they could hear them, and they’d insist on help. She’d tell them what happened and that Horace was in trouble. 
Horace. What happened to him? What had happened between them? That fleeting moment together had been incredible beyond description. Chloe was so confused with feelings, she couldn’t even process what had occurred. What she was feeling with him was nothing like what she’d experienced with Todd. It was foreign—and in some way wonderful. Todd had always been an aloof, not-fully attainable obsession. Horace actually talked to her about things that mattered, and treated her like she mattered. He’d saved her life. He'd risked his very existence for her sake. That someone who could do anything chose to sacrifice so much just for her filled her with deep joy and hope. Yet at the same time, dread gripped her heart. She didn’t know if she’d ever see him again. And if she didn’t, did that mean no one would be able to save her family? No one would be able to save her? She couldn’t wait around for something to happen. What if he couldn’t find them? What if he never came? Surviving might be completely up to her. And she had to save Kaitlyn. Kaitlyn was only stuck in this mess because of Chloe.
Her heart pounded. The moon moved up the sky. 
It sounds like everyone is soundly asleep now.
Her breathing sped up. She had to get them away.  
I just need to get Kaitlyn and we’ll make our break.
Snores rumbled around the fire pit. It was time. She mustered her fortitude. 
I have to do it before I chicken out.
The rope tied to her extra sleeve was taut between her and the disfigured giant’s wrist. It lay along the outside of the rock fire pit. Too much movement and her captor would wake up. With all her might, she pulled and stretched the sleeve away from her body to relax the rope, and she rolled as close to the fire pit as she could without getting burned. With what little slack she made, she put the extra sleeve into the fire.
The fabric sat in the fire but didn’t even darken. In contrast, the hairy fibers of the rope heated and recoiled, smelling and burning away until it fell into ash and slipped off the sleeve. She rolled away from the pit and the sleeve wasn’t even hot. 
In Kaitlyn’s ear she whispered, “Kaitlyn, wake up. Don’t move. Not yet. Don’t talk. Just do as I do.”
Kaitlyn nodded. Chloe rose to her feet and her knee cracked. It sounded like a gun in the silence. The giant rolled onto his side. She sank back down, shrunk into herself, trying to be invisible. They waited. Nothing more happened. Chloe gave Kaitlyn a hand and helped her to her feet. She was as light as Benji and popped right up. 
Oh, Benji. She had to get back.
Her first step off the blanket broke a dried stick. The giant rolled onto his back. She froze, just certain he’d jump up swinging the humongous sword next to him.
He let out a sigh. Chloe still didn’t move.
But Kaitlyn did. She grabbed Chloe’s hand and pulled her away. She took off like she knew where they were going, her feet taking quick, short steps because of her closed skirt. 
They ran. They ran until they couldn’t run another step. 
When they slowed, their breath heavy and quick, Kaitlyn said, “You okay, Cello?”
“Yeah. You?” Chloe clutched her side where a sharp pain bent her over.
“Much better now, thank you. I did not like those men.”
“Where should we go?”
“Let’s go that way, toward that pretty star.”
It wasn’t a bad idea. It would keep them from walking in a circle and returning back to their captors in time for breakfast.
They pressed ahead, Chloe walking and Kaitlyn trotting and heading them straight for her star. The sky was filled with uncountable crystal lights. Chloe had never seen a night sky like it. The land just kept going forever in every direction, and millions of pin pricks of light filled the dark canopy overhead. Was Horace up there flying among the stars? Or still facedown in the barn? Or dead?
All she wanted was for Horace to suddenly appear and take them away, get them back to her house, and get her family to safety. She could only hope that what he’d said was true, that the fire hadn’t happened yet and they’d have time to get there before anything went wrong.
Kaitlyn kept them moving forward. Her confidence comforted Chloe. She couldn’t think of a better person to be stuck with in another century. 
Every few steps, Chloe changed her gait to match Kaitlyn’s and they trotted in synch to put more distance between them and their captors. The bobbing upset the one bird left in Kaitlyn’s hair nest. It squawked and fluttered, and dusty down puffed from its frantic wings. Kaitlyn sneezed. 
When she finished rubbing her nose, she said, “Hear that? It’s a river.” 
Chloe stopped to listen better.
“Let’s follow it,” Kaitlyn said. “I bet we’ll find a village or someone to help us.”
Chloe started crying. She couldn’t stop it. The thought of someone helping them broke through her courage, or maybe her shock. Kaitlyn pulled her close to her side, wrapped her arm around Chloe’s waist—she couldn’t lift her arm higher—and held her there as they walked. 
“Someone will help us,” Kaitlyn assured her. “Hear those birds singing? The sun will rise soon, and we’ll find a village and someone who speaks English. I’ve been sending thoughts out to find Horace and bring him back to us. And to take care of your family.”
They walked on. Light seeped into the sky. Chloe's feet hurt and her ankles ached. They followed the river for so long, the sun lifted high and the thick air grew hot. At least their clothes weren’t too hot. Somehow, they were actually cool and comfortable. 
To help cope with the long trek, Chloe watched her lime-green pointed shoes, counting steps. For the first one hundred, she led with her right foot. The next one hundred, with her left. Then she switched back. After she hit one thousand, she felt stupid and she lifted her head.
A castle loomed in front of them. Kaitlyn was looking at it with a tranquil smile.
“A castle!” Chloe said. “Why didn’t you say something?”
“You mean it’s real?” Kaitlyn said. “I thought it was a mirage. I was just enjoying the sight of it.”
Chloe grabbed Kaitlyn’s hand and broke into a run.
The gateway in the defensive wall was open with no one standing guard.
“Do we just go up and knock on the door?” Chloe asked Kaitlyn, like she would know medieval castle door knocking protocol. 
“Maybe they have a door bell. A rope pull maybe?”
They crept through the empty castle yard. Chloe smelled roasting meat. Her stomach growled. Her feet had been hurting too much to notice her hunger. They went around a corner and found what had to be the front door. A loud whistle stopped them. 
An old man with an eye patch over a map of scars hobbled to them. He wore a grungy tartan blanket of blue and green. 
“We need help,” Kaitlyn said. “We’ve been lost and walking for miles and hoped someone would help us.”
“And all our people are right behind us. Lots of them. We’re not alone,” Chloe added. The man looked grumpy and not someone to trust too quickly with a sob story. He snarled at them.
Or maybe it was a smile. His scarred face was hard to read, and his three brown teeth didn’t help define his intent. A long string of jumbled sounds came out of his mouth and they understood nothing. He took hold—not too gently—of each girl’s upper arm and pulled them toward the entrance of the castle.
“We have some really big friends,” Chloe said. Horace’s face came into her memory, when they were looking at each in the barn. Would he ever be able to find them, especially if they were in the deep dungeon of a lost castle somewhere in the Highlands?
They passed through the castle entrance, each lifted nearly off the ground in the scarred man’s hands, and strong spices and body odor assaulted Chloe’s nose. A huge room was filled with people eating and chatting around planked tables. The man took them up to the front table, which was on a platform in front of a fireplace big enough to stand in. He shoved them forward before the woman at the center of the table. Her clothes looked like heavy drapes. No wonder it stank. Ninety degrees outside and everyone was wearing thick curtains. 
The woman said something incomprehensible to the man holding them. They were obviously talking about their bizarre appearance. Chloe tried to smooth down her giant hairdo.
Everyone around the woman sniggered.
The man said something, holding them a little higher. He gestured with his one eye and head, pointing to different parts of them, and elicited more laughter from the crowd. The woman answered back, and they all cackled again. After exchanging several more apparent insults, he released them, shrugged his shoulders, and left.
The woman, who was obviously in charge, lost her smile and scrutinized them. While staring, she pulled a chunk of bread from a loaf and chewed it. After a drink from a cup that had been hammered out of metal, she curved her mouth back up into a smile that didn’t really comfort Chloe. She addressed them directly this time, but she might as well have spoken to her loaf of bread for all the good it did.
“What should we do?” Chloe asked Kaitlyn. She pulled her arms around her middle to try to hide her strange extra sleeve.
“Do you think she speaks Spanish? I took it freshman year.”
“What if they don’t like Spain here?” Chloe thought of things like dungeons and chopping off heads, but didn’t want to get too specific and scare Kaitlyn. “You better not.”
The woman snapped at them like she didn’t like them talking to each other.
“I’m real sorry, ma’am,” Chloe said, “but we don’t understand you. We don’t understand anyone.” Her voice choked up and Kaitlyn stepped closer to her, touching shoulders with her.
“We’re lost and we need help,” Kaitlyn said.
Someone behind them chuckled. 
“I guess you are going to have to depend on me then.”
They turned in unison to see who spoke, and behind them, seated at a table full of food, were their three captors.
CHAPTER 28

John Knox should have kept his blasted swayback mule for all the good it did. Horatius had gotten the beast to travel only a couple of leagues out of town, but then it decided it had had enough. It stood like a statue in the middle of the road, unwilling to budge, no matter how much Horatius kicked its flanks or cursed at it.
“I am not Balaam. And you are not smart enough to be his donkey. And there is no angel with a drawn sword in your path or I would have seen it. Now, get, get.” 
The animal let out a long bray and turned off the road. It lumbered into the nearby field and munched on the grass.
Horatius jumped off and slapped the animal’s rump.
“Get. Get back on that road and get a move on, you mangy, stupid, abominable creature. You are not worth the air you breathe.” He whacked its rump again.
The animal glanced at him over its shoulder, grass hanging out of its full, masticating maw.
“Stay here, then, you loathsome beast. I have to go north. I must find the girls, with or without you.”
He tramped back up onto the road, muttering about the useless animal. “Could have been there by now…crazed beast…can just go to the devil.”
The sun was high and hot. Horatius had to repeatedly check himself as he thought to fling up a surge of power and change out of his human form. It was odd how something was not working right when he used power. Could Mebahel be prohibiting him from using his power even now? Those Celestials just love making everything arduous and miserable for me. They seemed to enjoy tormenting him. 
But the way he was knocked on his back when he tried to transfigure last was not like anything he’d experienced before. It seemed more that something inside him was mixing with the attempt to use power and turning into something disastrous. 
He needed to get the girls and take them to stay with Mary of Scots and her sister-in-law, Agnes Stewart, William Keith’s daughter. They would keep them safe. Then he could go find out why his power was not working right. And see what he could do to get clearance to fly again. Maybe if he found some charitable deed to do along the way, he could win enough favor to get the decision reversed. Or he would submit an Unprecedented Supplication to his overseeing Celestials. He’d have to find some way to fly through the Corridor. Because there was no way he would use the alternative route—if Chloe even found out there was another way. No matter how fiercely she demanded he use it, he would refuse.
He continued to grumble as he trudged up the road. He cursed the wool cape that kept wrapping around his legs and twisting between his knees. The fabric hadn’t transmuted correctly and was too sweltering—too wooly—for such a hot day. His throat burned with thirst and he carried no supplies. Normally, he would just make what he needed as he went. Now he was with no water, no transportation, no anything. He yanked off his cape and tossed it aside, leaving it along the roadside for whatever damned idiot would find and take the thing.
Evil, vindictive actions played out in his imagination against John Knox, as likely to be blameworthy for everything as anyone, when a rumble behind him pulled his attention from his malicious musings. 
A giant cloud of dust hovered over the horizon. The ground’s rumbling became a roar just below his threshold of hearing, but he could feel the intensity of it throbbing through the earth. It had to be the Queen’s army. They were due on the road and only hundreds of horsemen could move the ground like an earthquake. This was his chance to get the mount he needed to go after the girls and arrange for Queen Mary to get them to Agnes for safekeeping once he found them.
He left the road for the center of a field to keep from getting in the way of the galloping horses at the forefront of the convoy. The first wave of the army went by, stirring up a haze so thick most of the convoy was obliterated from view. They spread wider than the road and moved through fields—both fallow and planted—disregarding the harvestable crops. The blowing dirt buffeted his face, blocking his nose and scratching his throat. He spit and sneezed and cursed some more. Oh, how he needed a cold draught.
Once the first contingent passed, the dust settled and behind them more slowly came Queen Mary, her men-at-arms, her ladies, and the remainder of the army. Horatius stepped toward the road’s edge and waited, the taste and grit of dirt still in his mouth. When they started to pass him, he broke into a slow jog and kept pace with the group with the wagon in which Mary rode.
“Greetings, man,” one of the horsemen yelled.
He probably thinks I’m just a local coming out to see the procession.
“Hail to the Queen Mary,” he said and tossed a copper through the air to Horatius.
He caught it easily, but kept jogging. “I need to speak with the Queen,” he huffed.
“Of course you do. I will be certain to tell her an ardent supporter abides in yon village.”
“We know each other. I am a friend of hers. From France.” He coughed and cleared his throat but refrained from much-needed spitting.
The horseman pushed his mount forward toward his departing unit. “Good day, man. You best be back to your own affairs.”
Horatius dropped back to catch his breath. He thought of turning the man’s bowels to jelly but caught himself in time. After several lines of people passed, he started jogging again. He caught another coin, but broke in before the man could dismiss him.
“I am Horace of the Saracens, longtime associate of Queen Mary’s late husband, Francis, Dauphin of France.” He used his old title that Mary knew him by. “I wish…I must speak to her. It is of great importance.”
“Tha’ is what everyone says, man. Move aside and spare your feet from being trampled.” And the rider pulled away, back into the thundering mass.
In spite of the weakness making his calves shake and his thighs burn, Horatius kept jogging. The wretched experience prevented him from casting a curse at the loathsome rider. 
When he thought he could not possibly take another step, a horn sounded and the horde of horses came to a disorderly stop. To the west of the road, a large field of grass and wildflowers allowed space for the Queen’s party to rest. Several women emerged from the train, and servants carried large baskets of foodstuffs. A loose circle of men-at-arms formed around the area, making a barrier to protect the Queen against unwanted intrusion from the common folk who were gathering from their fields and hovels to catch a glimpse of their monarch. 
Horatius approached the circle, trying not to look drunk by stumbling or walking off kilter, but he must have failed because the men-at-arms jumped and set up a perimeter as though he meant to run in and kidnap the Queen. His legs were weak and wouldn’t respond normally.
He put his hands up in surrender. “Whoa there, good fellows. I arranged to speak with Her Highness.”
No one eagerly answered him. They all stared, taking in his height and appearance. “Wait here,” one of them finally said. 
The man left and Horatius had to sit down. Or more like fall down. His legs would no longer hold him up.
He waited. And waited. And grew more agitated by the minute.
He pulled his shaky knees up and rested his forehead down on his crossed arms, allowing himself just a moment to reenergize. Fatigue threatened to overtake him. He even closed his eyes, just briefly, to sooth the burning. Ah, a wonderful relief.
A commotion pulled Horatius from dozing. The group was breaking up and returning to the road. The men with whom he spoke earlier were gone. The whole crowd was moving away to regroup and leave. That was not allowable.
He ignored the wobble in his legs and staggered toward the group of women walking to the horses. He got through the Queen’s men milling about, gathering their belongings from the grass, and all the way to the first layer of women—when several bodies plowed into him and knocked him to the ground. 
Someone lay across his head. Several others were smashing him into the grass. He could not move. His strength was gone.
“Get off his face, Connor,” a voice said. “See who it is.”
“Jemmy, if I get up, he will get up. He is a big lout. This is the best way to hold him down.”
“Ogilvie,” said a third laughed, “mind your brother. I want to see who this brown mongrel is.”
The man on his head got off, but he still could not lift up because of the weight on his back.
“I mean no harm,” Horatius bellowed into the grass. 
“Why are you racing after the Queen then? You should know better if you dinna want to land in the spot you are in now.”
“I was trying— Can I get up? Would you get off—” His neck was bent wrong. And he was just plain miffed. He struggled against the pressure holding him down.
The weight increased and someone added their hands to hold his shoulders still.
“For the love of— Get off! I am just trying—” 
The freckled face of a man appeared down in the grass next to his, lying sideways and lining up his gaze to match Horatius’ eyes. 
“You best stop fighting us or things will be worse for you.” 
“I just need to see the Queen,” Horatius said through clenched teeth.
“And you think you are just going to race up to her like that?”
“I’m in a hurry. Two lasses’ safety is at risk. They were kidnapped by Gordon’s mercenaries. I need to ask Queen Mary for help. She’s a friend of mine.”
Before he finished, the two eyes surrounded by freckles left his line of sight.
“James, wha’ do you think? Should we tie him up and leave him till there is a good distance betwixt us?”
“Or we could leave ‘im to the local sheriff.”
Neither was suitable. Horatius wanted to pound sense into all the idiots sitting on him. He wanted to cover them with boils. Or turn them into pillars of salt.
He would have to risk letting Satarel find his location. It suddenly became so obvious. He should have done it long ago. Where has my mind been? What a fool he had been to let the girls get so far away from him. Mebahel could not possibly expect him to remain so useless.
He gathered his thoughts and decided to just shock the idiots lying on him by transfiguring right then and there, consequences be cursed. They would rationalize it away anyway. He had to get moving. He concentrated.
Nothing happened. 
The men still sat on him and still talked above him like they could determine his fate. He tensed to transfigure again. 
But this time, everything went black again.
CHAPTER 29

“I can understand you,” Kaitlyn shrieked. She sounded excited. But Chloe’s heart erupted into an anxious gallop seeing him and hearing he could speak English after all.
“I was so disappointed to find you gone this morning.”
“You can speak English?” Chloe said. Her voice cracked and quivered, though she tried to control it.
“You could understand us all along?” Kaitlyn said.
“It was rude, you know, to leave like that—after we’d taken such good care of you both.”
Kaitlyn shriveled like a scolded child. Chloe grabbed her hand and squeezed it.
“Good care?” Chloe whispered. Her hand went to her neck. Her captor's handprint from when he’d crushed her airway was unforgettable.
“A misunderstanding. I thought you were someone else. A vixen who’d robbed and tried to poison me. As soon as I realized you were not she, I let go. No harm done.”
No harm done? Of course there was harm done! She’d be traumatized forever. But she couldn’t say it. He couldn’t know the power he had over her. The terror he caused. She put on her bravest face. “That still doesn’t explain why you pretended not to speak English.”
“There is a perfectly good explan—”
The well-dressed woman interrupted them with several incomprehensible phrases and their captor answered back in the same unknown language. They spoke for a time then he turned his attention back to the girls.
“I have arranged for you to stay here. Lady Gordon will see to your comfort. I will be assisting her husband for a short time. See? I have your best interests at heart. I have not hurt you, have I? You need not fear me. I rescued you from your lost state outside of Edinburgh and brought you—or tried to bring you—to this good lady to provide you refuge.”
Kaitlyn sighed as though his explanation took care of everything. Chloe wasn’t going to buy his story so quickly. “You were bringing us here.” Sure.
He nodded, looking hurt that Chloe would question his intentions. “Are you hungry?” he asked as he backhanded his companions on either side to move them away. “Certainly you are. Come on. Sit. I will not bite.”
Chloe wasn’t sure Kaitlyn even tried to hold back. As soon as he said sit, she sat. He poured her a drink and gave her a giant leg of mutton. But when Kaitlyn jerked back and visibly gagged, he laughed without malice, threw the mutton to a dog and offered her an apple.
He actually seemed chipper now—and almost kind. Maybe he really had thought they were in trouble. Or they did things differently here and now. Maybe he truly thought she was someone else. Was she just being prejudiced because he looked so awful, assuming the worst because of his hideous scar?
But he still hadn’t said why he pretended not to speak English.
“Why’d you act like you didn’t know English? That doesn’t make sense.”
“It is very hard to explain really. It might be hard on you, I mean.”
Chloe couldn’t imagine why. She braced for lies. This guy was a crafty one for sure. “Yeah? How so?” 
“Of course, at first, if you remember, I was conversing with my companions before you even spoke. We were speaking Gàidhlig. I was not ‘pretending’ anything.”
“Well, when I spoke, you could have said something.” 
Kaitlyn nibbled on her apple looking back and forth between them.
“As soon as you called out for Horace, it took me aback, for I knew a Horace who is a shark and scoundrel. I feared he may have been the very one of whom you spoke and so I thought to listen and see. From your conversation, I ascertained he was probably the same man. I must apologize for causing you and Miss Kaitlyn here any affliction. I intended to make known my suspicions and concerns to you, but alas, you left too soon.”
Chloe eased down onto a bench. “What do you mean about Horace? What do you know about him?”
He rubbed another apple to a glistening red on his sleeve and rolled it to her. “Your Horace is a large man, no? And from the Middle East? Horace is not even his real name. I was on Crusade and he suddenly showed up. He was a terror. He caused immeasurable grief to so many.” His fingers caressed the length of the scar running from his temple to his chin. “This was a gift from him. He is violent and ruthless. Has he caused you grief? To your loved ones? That seems to be his way. Those who spend time with him always end up hurt…or worse.”
That had to be her Horace. No one else would match that description. Or have that pattern of behavior. “What kind of stuff, specifically, do you mean? Like, is he a criminal—murderer or something? Does he hurt little kids?” She remembered Horace taking Benji without permission.
The man cleared his throat and bent in closer. “I cannot really say. Not in mixed company. But he over-drinks and seduces girls. The rest—I will not go on.”
Kaitlyn gasped. The food in Chloe’s throat stuck. What had she done? Benji had spent the day with him. She had fallen for him, his flirty gaze. He’d been toying with her since she met him—drunk no less—on the cliff top.
She swallowed hard. “So you’re saying he’s really bad?” Images flashed through her mind—Horace there when she was locked out of her car, when the gang attacked, when his father attacked them. She realized that every time he “helped” her, it was after he caused the trouble in the first place. “No really. What has he done? How bad is he?” She had to know.
“Truly, I cannot utter the words. It would be indecent.”
Kaitlyn’s hand flew to her mouth. Chloe felt sick. How could she have trusted him? Because of him, Benji might be dead. Nana, Mom, Michelle, all of them, stuck in the burning house because Horace abandoned them there to save his own skin.
“Are you okay?” the captor asked her. His scar and puckered cheek didn’t seem as menacing as it had before. His gentle voice made her throat tighten and tears flood her eyes. 
But she couldn’t tell him. Who would understand what had happened? That some half-angel had flown her from another century and left her family dying in a burning house? 
Kaitlyn reached over and took her hand and said to him, “I think she might need a moment.”
That made it even harder for Chloe not to cry. A tear escaped and ran down her cheek.
He touched a cloth napkin from the table to the tear. “If I can do anything…”
“I just want to go home.” She said it to herself. 
“I know,” he said. “I think I might be able to help—”
The woman at the table yelled out at them. She argued with their captor until he grew red and the scar on his face blanched even whiter. Kaitlyn placed her hand on his clenched fist and he let his breath out.
“She is being pigheaded. She wants payment for our meals. Right now. I told her I will have it once her husband pays me for my services. But that is not soon enough for her.” His fist clenched back into a ball.
“Maybe we can help,” Kaitlyn said. She motioned toward the pipe and lute players who had stopped playing when the yelling began. “We can play some music for her royal highness, if you can find us some instruments.” She looked at Chloe for approval. Chloe couldn’t help but nod. Kaitlyn was so earnest. And what would it hurt? Getting her hands on a cello would be soothing therapy when the rest of her world was crashing around her. She’d have time to figure out just what to do with all her changing feelings—both about Horace and this new guy.
“No ‘royal highness’ needed. She is just ‘lady.’ But maybe you have a workable idea. She loves fine things. What do you play?” he asked.
“Bach, Mozart, The Beetles, Tchaikovsky—”
“She means she plays viola and I play cello. Do you have those here?”
“Let me see what I can do.” He spoke to the woman. She left them alone and barked at a nearby servant instead.
“They can get some instruments. That will keep her calm for a little while. At least until we have a chance to get to know each other better. So, you wish to go home?”
CHAPTER 30

The drizzle on his face woke him. He fought to gather his wits and remember what had happened and where he was. Gravity weighed heavily against his arms and legs, anchoring them to the ground. A headache pierced his temples. A dry mouth left his tongue sandpaper and his lips like a winter leaf. Was he about to feel steel through his neck? I have to get up. And I have to get up now!
He cracked his eyelids. A red-haired lad with freckles splattered from ear to ear stood over him with a dim torch. He was reaching toward Horatius’ cheek, his spindly fingers stretched out to touch his unshaven face, when Horatius’ eyes opened all the way. The boy’s arm snapped back, but he didn’t retreat. He moved the torch closer and took a good, long look at Horatius, watching his eyes a minute before he spoke.
“What is wrong with you?”
“Hello?” Horatius said without moving.
“What is wrong with you?” the boy asked again. “Been watching you all day.”
“I’m not sure.” 
The boy took in the full length of Horatius, moving his torch up and down several times. 
“Altogether benumbing, but you are a big one. Can you move? Here, I will help.”
He extended his arm—the tiny limb no bigger around than a twig—and offered his one-handed assistance while holding the flame high with the other hand.
“Thank you, but I will manage.” He was not sure he could manage, but he knew the little boy would do him no good. In spite of the force pressing him to the earth, he made his limbs move. It took a great deal of effort, but he eventually sat up.
“I need to get to a church. Do you know of any near by?”
“O’er in the village there is a small chapel where nuns used to be afore the Purge.”
The boy referred to the mobs incited by Knox’s sermons against the Catholics. They burned and pillaged everything they could get their hands on. Including several nuns and monks. Horatius got grumpier thinking about it.
“Do you think you could help me get there?” he said, trying not to scare the boy away with too gruff a tone. “I will pay you well.”
“Why do you want to get there?”
Even in the inefficient light of the small torch, the boy’s wide, honest eyes were disarming. His freckles and extended ears gave him the look of an elf. The two studied each other a moment in the flame’s glow.
“I want to pray,” Horatius finally said.
“Oh, you can do that right here,” the boy said. “I do it all the time.”
“That is all well and good for you. But I must get to a church.” He lost patience and struggled to get to his feet, though he only scooted a bit across the ground.
The boy’s eyes opened wide and he scampered off.
“Wait! Do not leave me,” Horatius called out. “I will pay you!”
The boy ran back. “Here, hold this for me,” and handed him the torch. “Then you willna be afraid of the dark.”
Before Horatius could protest, he was gone again.
He wanted to lie back down, it was so hard to sit, but he would not give in to the impulse. Getting up had been too difficult. 
He waited in the grass, holding the torch. After a time, he chuckled that the boy thought he was afraid of the dark. This kind of darkness isn’t what scares me. 
The creak of wood drew his attention to where the boy had disappeared into the night. He emerged again, pulling behind him a cart the size of a wheelbarrow. It had two wheels and a small platform. The undersized boy pulled the tongue in his two miniature hands. A huge grin pressed his freckled cheeks into chubby balls.
“We can go to the church now. If you must. But, I tell you, you can pray here as much as there.”
Even if Horatius could get into the cart, it would be impossible for the slight boy to move him. Maybe he could roll the wheels himself like a wheelchair. There were no other options. He had to get to Sanctuary and find out what was going on. He had to talk to Mebahel.
“Bring it over, next to me here.” The boy maneuvered it surprisingly well. “You stand on that side. Wait. Take the torch.” The boy did and propped it upright among a pile of stones, then returned to the cart. “Try to hold it steady. Hang on. Here goes.” Horatius jostled and wrestled until he somehow got himself up into the cart. His legs dangled off the back and they were as heavy as wet cement.
The boy grinned his baby teeth at Horatius. “See? It worked.” He swept up the torch and handed it back to Horatius.
“We are not anywhere yet,” Horatius said. “Can you lift the tongue? I am going to try to roll it.”
“You dinna have to roll it. I will.”
“You cannot possibly move it with me in it.”
“Move it every day full of stone,” he said proudly. “Earn my bread hauling for the masons at the wall. You dinna look any heavier than a load of rock.” And to prove it, he lifted the tongue and leaned against the weight, bending almost parallel to the ground. He froze there, straining and his feet slowly slipping away from him on the grass.
Horatius was just about to say never mind when the axle squeaked. First by hairs, then finger widths, the wheels revolved. The boy turned to grin at Horatius but immediately lost ground, so he abandoned the effort and put all his attention back on pulling.
Once he got the cart off the grass, it moved easier. After a stretch, they turned off the road onto a side path that divided two fields. When through the fields, the cart picked up speed as the path went downhill. Louder it creaked the faster it rolled. Facing backwards, Horatius trusted the boy would guide him safely down the hill.
That was until he saw the boy’s silhouette standing between the cart’s tracks at the top of the hill. The moon reflected in his eyes as he watched Horatius in wide-eyed astonishment. The boy shrunk away in size while the cart continued to plummet. 
Horatius swiveled in the wagon. The torch dropped out of his hand. It bounced behind on the hillside, sputtering and spitting until it came to a stop in the road. And Horatius, with the cart, continued down the slope. He prepared to jump out, or at least try a controlled fall, just when the cart lurched and crashed into something very immoveable. It stopped all at once. 
But Horatius did not.
He landed with a great splash in some black pool of smelly water. He surfaced with a mouth full of bitter plankton, coughing, spitting, and cursing, covered in slime and stagnant goo. He floated with his head and feet out of the water a moment while catching his breath and gaining his bearings. 
“Are you all right?” the boy yelled as he scurried down the steep hill in an uneven, sidestepping shuffle. He grabbed up the torch and held it high again. “Are you all right?” He rushed past the overturned cart and came to the edge of the water hole, holding out the torch that cast yellow light over the green sludge and Horatius. The boy stared a moment then said in a quiet, calm voice, “I suppose you are all right then?”
Horatius snorted. He was not about to claim he was “all right.”
“Altogether benumbing! You should have seen that. You were practically flying.”
“That was not flying.”
The boy thrust his tiny arm out toward Horatius. “Here. Let me help you.”
“You better move away from the edge.” Or I might be tempted to yank you in here with me. “Step back before you end up in here, too.”
Reluctantly, the boy stepped back. A baffled expression compressed his face. But he would not be deterred. He scrambled over a pile of downed trees at one bank and dug around until he found a long stick.
“Here. Grab this. I will pull you out.”
Horatius snorted at the boy and propelled himself to the opposite bank and crawled out of the pond. He picked chunks of dark slime off his head and shirt and chucked them away, cursing under his breath.
The light increased on his soaked, filthy tunic. The boy stood with the torch, staring down at him. 
“It got away from me. Started to run me o’er so I had to let go.”
Horatius’ anger softened at the regret in the boy’s voice. The expression on his face alone could melt a pharaoh’s hardened heart.
But a look would not clean and dry a filthy tunic. Horatius didn't have the patience to pamper the boy. Nor did he think it would do any good to coddle him and treat him less than the man he pretended to be.
“Is the cart intact?”
The boy rushed over to it and tilted the torch near its parts. He spun the top wheel and kicked the bottom. “Looks to be.”
“Might as well bring it over here and get back to our task.” They had come this far. Sitting around would not clean him or get him closer to a church. The sooner he got to Sanctuary and spoke with a Guardian, the sooner he would get changed—not only out of his wet clothes, but out of his human skin.
The boy handed him the torch then with a lot of effort, righted the cart.
Horatius dragged himself back into the cart. He hoisted with his arms while the boy shoved from behind. To Horatius’ surprise, the boy actually had unseen strength in those spindly arms of his.
Once they got him settled back in the cart, the boy lay against the weight of it again and got it rolling, though it clunked in a new way when the wheel came around and hit the side, and it rocked a lot worse.
“You can count on me,” the boy said. “I will have you there in no time.”
Horatius hoped he was right. Because that was just what he had—no time. The girls had been with Panahasi too long. If he didn’t find them soon, it might be too late.
CHAPTER 31

The woman obviously in charge of the castle let the servers bring more food after their captor waved them over. She must have been satisfied with the arrangements.
Kaitlyn took a loaf of bread from a wooden platter and a bowl of some chopped chunks of something. She must have determined it was meatless because she dug in like a fourteen-year-old boy. Chloe was hesitant, but her resolve melted when the aroma of stew wafted into her face and made her stomach rumble. The stew had greasy chunks of tender meat and potatoes, and it tasted something like Nana would have made if she still knew how to use the stove without burning down the kitchen.
That thought petrified the bite halfway down her throat. She had to find Horace and get back. No matter what this guy suggested about Horace, he was their ticket out of there. They had to find him and make him take them back. Too much time had already been wasted.
“Kaitlyn, we have to go,” she whispered.
“Go where, Cello? This is really good,” she said around a mouth of potatoes.
“To find Horace. Back home. We can’t stay here.”
“What are you two whispering about there?”
“You know,” Kaitlyn said to their captor, “we don’t even know your name yet.”
“You can call me Pan, dear one.” He stroked her cheek with a brief touch. Chloe wanted to knock his hand away. He had no right to touch Kaitlyn like that.
But Kaitlyn didn’t seem to mind at all. Her eyes twinkled at him and she took another bite of bread. “I’ve never heard of that. Oh wait. Peter Pan. Is it like that?”
He made a strange face. “Never heard of him.” He motioned a servant over, changing the subject. “Ah, he found your instruments already.”
Chloe scarfed down three more bites of the stew as Pan lifted her by the elbow from the bench. “I just started eating.”
“You need to start making music if you want to eat again.” For a second he seemed angry, but then she couldn’t read him. He was impossible to figure out. “You play and then we will talk about getting you home.”
“It’s not that simple.”
His eyes twinkled like he knew a secret. After he bit an apple he said, “See that fat man up there joining the lady? That is George Gordon. He will enjoy the music. And he will appreciate your fine beauty, even with those ridiculous clothes you are wearing.”
Her stupid, weird dress again. She’d been able for forget about it for the past five minutes while no one was laughing and she fed her hunger.
“Aren’t these crazy?” Kaitlyn said. “Horace dressed us in these before he passed out and we left with you.”
That snapped Pan’s full attention around to Kaitlyn. He didn’t say anything, but his eyes encouraged Kaitlyn to elaborate.
“He said we couldn’t go home. And Chloe really needs to get home to Denver. Do you know—”
“Kaitlyn,” Chloe warned. “We probably need to go play now.” She didn’t know how much they should tell Pan, but she was sure it wouldn’t be a good idea to tell him they were from the future and Horace was only half man and had flown them through some crazy dimensional alter-reality with demons and angels and then marooned them in the wrong century.
“Oh. Okay,” Kaitlyn said. “What should we play? Do you have the Corelli memorized?” she said over her shoulder, already on her way to the platform.
It took a few minutes to figure out the strings of the instruments and tune them like they wanted. And it took some adjustment for Kaitlyn to figure out how to play with her arms restricted by her dress. Chloe positioned her cello between her pink bloomers. After an uncomfortable delay, they finally started making music.
In spite of the need to adjust to the different cello, playing soothed Chloe and helped ease her fear and tension. For even a brief moment, she didn’t think about anything but the music. It transported her to a place reminiscent of the passageway Horace had taken them where the music had flavor and aroma and seeped into her skin.
A loud ruckus swelled from the doorway and opened Chloe’s eyes. The man with the eye patch, accompanied by a cluster of other men, were running into the hall yelling and gesturing like the building was about to be bombed. Kaitlyn said, “Uh-oh. We better cadence,” to Chloe and they moved to the tonic of the piece and came to a close.
Mr. Gordon jumped out of his seat, spilling his cup and tipping his chair. He yelled while his wife yelled, while everyone in the room yelled.
The man with the eye patch reached Mr. Gordon and with the help of his companions, they grabbed the fat man’s arms and propelled him out of the hall through a door behind the platform.
“What’s going on?” Kaitlyn asked.
Chloe had no idea, but it seemed a good time to escape while everything was in upheaval.
Chloe put her cello down, grabbed Kaitlyn’s instrument and put it on a table, then grasped Kaitlyn’s hand. Pan was no where to be seen. “Come on. We have to go. Now!” 
They went out the way they’d come in, past people running and paying them no attention, and came again into the courtyard surrounding the castle. People ran in every direction, and everyone carried horrible medieval-looking weapons, like maces and hatchets and giant swords.
A beam the size of an oak tree held the main gate closed. Armed Highlanders crouched on the towering wallwalk above them, peering out toward the land beyond.
“What’s happening?” Kaitlyn called up to them. Chloe pulled her away before anyone heard her over the uproar and guided her along the wall looking for another gate. They ran along as fast as Kaitlyn’s strange skirt would allow, sticking close to the inner curve of the outer wall. They ran through the dusty dirt yard between the castle and the defense wall until they came to what would be a backyard at home.  
Pan and another man in a dirty tartan kilted around his dingy yellow shirt were partway up a ladder of sorts—a thick beam with pegs sticking out the sides, which was leaning again the tall wall surrounding the castle grounds. They were pushing and prodding the barrel-shaped Gordon up the ladder, trying to get his rotund body over the wall. Pan yelled profane sounds each time the fat man’s bare foot landed on his face.
With a final heave, Gordon disappeared over the top. The other Highlander followed him. Pan twisted to jump after him and saw Kaitlyn and Chloe.
“What are you doing here?” he exclaimed. “Get back inside. The Queen’s army is coming on fast and I have to go with Gordon. If I stay and am captured, I won't be able to help you. Go inside! You'll be safer here than on the run with me. You don't understand this warfare. Just remain inside. I will be back for you in less than twenty-four hours. I promise.”
“An army? You can’t leave us here. No one else understands us. They’ll kill us,” Chloe said.
Kaitlyn whimpered. 
Pan jumped down from the ladder. He laid a hand on each of their shoulders and spat out something foreign.
“I cannot take you. But I will be back. And then I will take you back to your home.” In a quick leap and two steps, he disappeared over the wall.
Kaitlyn rounded on Chloe. “Did you hear what he said? He’s going to help us get home!”
CHAPTER 32

The ruts and holes jerked the cart left then right as the boy hauled it forward with the force of an ox. At least the hill was behind them. But Horatius lurched back and forth, trying not to fall out, even on the level road to the village. 
“Do you have to go so fast? This crate doesn’t seem overly solid anymore.”
“All the better to hurry, then, to get there afore it falls apart.”
“I wish to get there alive,” Horatius said in a vibrating, unsteady voice.
“I told you to pray from where we were,” the boy threw over his shoulder as he propelled them forward without lessoning his pace. “You said you had to go to the church. I am taking you to the church.”
“I swear I will not pay you if I am dead.”
The top slat of wood came away in Horatius’ hand when they hit a particularly deep hole. On the next hard bump, one entire side of the cart wall snapped off and cartwheeled through the dust behind them. He grabbed the edge of the floor with the hand not holding the torch, wondering how many more bumps before he’d be riding on just the axle.
It took two.
A loud crack accompanied the second bump and several pieces of the cart broke away and bounced off down the road. One plank of wood from the flooring was all that kept Horatius off the ground. The cart picked up even more speed now that it weighed several boards less.
“Stop boy, stop,” Horatius yelled. “This is not Ben Hur, boy.” His voice jolted with each bump.
The boy made a quick glance back and his eyes flashed wide. He tried to stop, but the speed jerked him forward with his hands gripping the tongue. His spindly legs sprinted with the momentum while Horatius held on and tried to keep his teeth from rattling out of his head.
“Pull back, boy! You’ve got to slow it down,” Horatius yelled in a bumpy voice. 
The boy dug in his heels and created a dust cloud. The crazed flight finally started to slacken. Horatius’ head was only a finger’s breadth from the ground, his hair mopping the dirt. Bouncing on his back, he lay head-down on the one single plank left of the cart, with a fist over his head, clamped around a peg sticking up from the wood, which was all that kept him from sliding off. The end of that single plank dug a furrow in the dirt, snaking down the middle of the path. 
The cart slowed and at last they stopped, and Horatius lowered his leg that stuck straight in the air to rest it on the top edge of a wheel—and the wheel popped off, slamming down that side of the axle. The jolt threw him off and he rolled into the dirt. How utterly disappointing that they hadn’t made it to the church before losing their transportation.
Horatius lifted his eyelids and found the boy bending over him, studying his face with the torch he’d picked back up.
“You all right?”
Horatius did not move. “Do you not find it a bit distressing that, once again, we are in a situation that requires your inquiry into the state of my wellbeing?” 
He looked baffled and took a moment to respond. “You are all right then?” 
“Absolutely. I am fine.” It took much effort, but he managed to get to his feet. Dizziness forced him over, putting his hands on his knees to keep from toppling back over. “Have you any more great ideas?”
He had not meant it, but the boy took off again, disappearing once more into the darkness, which was not quite as dark anymore. The black of night was giving way to the graying of a predawn glow. 
Horatius tried to straighten up. His legs didn’t feel like they were under his own command. Every three to four steps, he had to stop and take two deep breaths. After three cycles, his hands went back to his knees and he waited, bent over, for strength to continue.
Chloe’s grandmother’s walker would certainly be welcome about now. Sure. He could just conjure it up. Or as long as he was at it, how about a limo? Yes, that would be nice. With champagne and Chloe in the back seat. But then, why not just transfigure and get out of this blasted mess and be done with it once and for all? He was sick and tired of the frustration and limitation. How would he ever be able to save Chloe if he couldn’t do something. I must get out of this godforsaken situation!
The anger got him through four more cycles of step-step-step-breathe-breathe. He straightened up and started walking again. And from the darkness before him came a shrill bray.
A distance down the path, the boy became visible as he strolled along with a mule walking at his side. And from all physical appearances, it was the mule he had abandoned.
“She will help,” the boy said.
Horatius could not believe it. The stupid beast meandered along the boy’s side without him even holding its bit.
“How did you get it to do that?”
“Do what?”
“Walk with you like that. I couldn’t beat it into moving.”
“Beat her? I just talked to her. She is a nice molly.”
“That beast is anything but nice.” But Horatius was relieved to see it. His legs were not going to hold him up much longer. “Okay, hold it steady and let me try to get on.”
He mounted and decided the mule had to have been a clone, because it looked exactly like the one he’d gotten from Knox, but it was a different creature entirely, letting Horatius on its back as though it wanted him there.
The ride was pitiful, but compared to rocketing down a ski slope in a rickety cart, plunging into a slimy pool of spoiled sludge, and being dragged nearly to death on his head, it was not too horrendous.
By the time they entered the village, a cock had crowed several times and the anticipated sun had painted the sky a deep orange. The mule followed the boy like a trained dog. Dark markings down its snout and around one eye confirmed to Horatius it had to be Knox’s animal. He cursed at it for cooperating so easily now. Why couldn’t you do this in the first place? He would have been saved a lot of trouble and might have even found the girls by now.
The boy led them to a small chapel on the edge of town. The stone walls were mostly intact. The straw and stick roof sagged on one side, in need of some good tending and upkeep. But it was Sanctuary, and Horatius was anxious to find out what was going on.
He slid off the mule’s back in front of the door. He caught himself and held onto the mule’s neck until he steadied. He grabbed the doorway and with a shaky gait, staggered through the low, dark entrance.
Six rows of wooden benches stretched from the entrance toward the front of the room. A narrow table up near the chancel was covered with a cloth and candles in plain, wooden holders. The room was austere and clean—a surprise after the dilapidated exterior.
Horatius dropped onto the first bench and put his head into his hands. The dizziness and fatigue were overwhelming. He had never had to endure it like this, with no control over when he would transfigure and rid his existence of the drawbacks of human form.
The boy spoke from beside him. Horatius didn't know he'd even come in, let alone settled next to him.
“Are you praying yet?” he said in a reverent whisper. 
No. For all the rush to get there, he was so exhausted, his mind was empty. The thought of concentrating and listening in on the Celestial Chatter made him want to close his eyes and go to sleep. In fact, he thought just a few minutes rest couldn’t hurt.
A small hand pushed on his arm. “Hey, wake up.”
He must have dozed. The boy was still sitting next to him watching him, his short legs far from the ground and swinging opposite each other. 
“Are you not going to pray?”
Horatius nodded, which took all his energy, and closed his eyes. He sat in darkness and silence, mustering the strength to focus. A faint thought assured him that if he just got transfigured, the cloud of exhaustion and oppression would be broken. It was enough to spur him on. He pulled together what little strength he had left and converged his scattered thoughts into one focal point. 
He listened.
Nothing.
He listened harder.
Still nothing.
The silence pulled him from the stupor. It made him think about what he was doing, to be more intentional. He tried again, this time not taking anything for granted. 
Nothing!
Panic clutched at his chest. His blood rushed faster and his breathing quickened.
He stopped just listening, foregoing the caution of tuning in before transferring into Communication Mode when he thought Satarel was near, and he sent his thoughts to the sentinel of the church.
Nothing!
He skipped the sentinel and went directly for the Guardians of the sector. He sent thoughts way out of the Chronos Band, hoping to find any of the Pure who might hear him.
Now his heart was beating like he’d been running. He started to hyperventilate. The panic was going to choke him. He found strength to stand up and he threw prayers and pleas in a hundred directions, supplicating, screaming in his mind, for any answer.
“What is wrong?” the boy asked.
“Mebahel! Jabamiah!” Horatius cried aloud. He even bellowed for Laviah. He listened for a second and called out again, this time for Darryn. “Where are you? Why have you left me here alone in this darkness? What has happened? Do not forsake me!”
He fell back onto the bench, spent, unable to stand. Unable to understand. “I cannot endure this.” His ultimate dread. 
He was alone, left in complete, palpable blackness, disconnected from light and life. What would he do? How could he survive? He would not. He knew he could not. Why? Why was he alone? Anguish tore his soulless spirit. He would not persevere alone, abandoned, cut off. He could not. He was doomed.
CHAPTER 33

An army was coming and Pan was abandoning them to die. Chloe had studied medieval battles in history class. Raping, pillaging, skewering, and beheading. She wasn’t about to hang around and risk experiencing that firsthand.
“Kaitlyn, give me a boost. Then I’ll pull you up.” Chloe strained to climb the odd pole ladder. Her skirts kept getting in the way. Pan had swooped up the post with no effort and made it look simple.
Kaitlyn tilted up her head and shaded her eyes with her hand. “Do you think that’s a good idea? Pan said to wait for him. He said he’d take us home.”
Chloe almost was to the top. She reached down as far as she could, wiggling her fingers at Kaitlyn. “Come on! Give me your hand. We’ve got to catch him before he gets away. He can’t leave us here.” 
Kaitlyn started up and Chloe locked onto her wrist as  soon as she was in reach. That skirt of hers was ridiculous. It didn't look like there was enough fabric between her feet for her to lift her leg to the next peg. But Chloe had to make Kaitlyn believe she could do it.
“Come on. It’s easier than it looks. Come on! We have to catch Pan.”
Kaitlyn whimpered.
“Hurry, we don’t want him to get away.” Chloe scrambled up to the top and glanced over the wall. Three horses were galloping away. 
“They’re getting away. We have to go now. Come on!”
“I can’t. I’ll fall. This skirt won’t let me.” She slipped trying to get her foot up.
“Sure you can. Get up. Just do it!” 
Kaitlyn tugged on the fabric, pulling the ankle opening up higher on her leg. 
Pan, Gordon, and the other man were three small, dark spots shrinking toward a distant hill where she would soon lose sight of them. It was too late. She had to let them go, give them up.
“Never mind, Kaitlyn. It’s too late.” She threw her leg over the pole and climbed back down. “Don’t worry. Come on.”
Kaitlyn backed down behind her and when on the ground again, she wiped the tears off her cheeks, tucking her head down so her hand could reach her face. 
She said, “Did you hear what he said?”
Chloe didn’t want to be angry at her, but she had really, really needed her to get over that wall.
“About Denver?” Kaitlyn said.
“What are you talking about?” Chloe still had an ear focused beyond the wall in case Pan changed his mind and returned for them.
“He said he’d take us back to Denver. He must be like Horace.”
Chloe stopped. “No, he did not. He never said Denver.”
“He said he’d take us home. That means Denver. He knows.”
“That’s just wishful thinking. He couldn’t have meant Denver because Denver doesn’t exist now. Just because he promised to ‘take us home’ doesn’t mean he knows about Denver. He’s only a medieval guy who just happens to look Arabian and huge and—” Can it be? Is that why he knows Horace? Is that why he said he can take us home?
Kaitlyn nodded. “Of course he is. It makes total sense.”
If he was like Horace, something wasn’t right. Why was his face scarred? Why was he working for Gordon?
When they got around to the front entryway into the castle, everything was as they had left it. The gate had not been crashed down, no crazed warriors were sword fighting, no balls of flame were catapulting into the yard. No one was in sight.
Maybe everyone is already dead.
Yelling came from inside the castle. Chloe didn’t know what else to do but go inside and face whatever was happening. What did it matter anymore with their one last chance to go home and save her family gone over the wall and probably never coming back?
CHAPTER 34

The boy tugged on his sleeve.
“He said he is listening.”
“What did you say?”
“He said, ‘Horay-sheus, I am listening.’ He told me to tell you.”
Horatius grabbed the tiny boy up into the air by the shoulders. “Who? Who said that? Where did you hear that?” He was crushing him, hurting him, but he couldn’t stop. He was too frantic. He shook him like a toy, like a tiny rag doll. “Tell me!”
“The glowing figure up there,” he was finally able to rattle out.
Horatius froze. He came to his senses. He pulled the boy to his chest and held him there. Then he set him down like a breakable ornament, slowly, tenderly. He brushed his hair back out of his face.
“You see him?” Horatius asked with a voice that didn’t sound like his own.
“Sure. Right there,” he said and pointed at the highest point of the ceiling. He straightened out his tunic with his other hand.
“Tell me what you see.”
“A white glowing giant. White like the sun on a cold day. He has wings, too.”
A sound came out of Horatius’ throat. Why can I not see him, too? “Is he talking to you?”
“Of course. Since we walked in. Just like the others out in the meadow.”
“In the meadow?”
“I said you could pray anywhere.”
This makes utterly no sense! Why would this child hear and see the Celestials when he could not? 
“Tell me what he is saying?”
The boy looked toward the ceiling. He nodded.
“What? What do you hear?”
“He said you are cursed.”
Another moan escaped Horatius. He dipped his head into his hands. 
The boy folded his hands together in front of him and lifted his chin toward the ceiling.
“What are you doing? What do you hear?” Horatius said through his hands.
“I am praying. God and I talk all the time.”
“And you can hear They…God speak to you?”
“Of course. Can you not?”
“And you can see an angel here, now?”
“What is wrong with you? Right there. He is looking right at us, talking just like out where I found you.”
“You saw Celest—angels out where you found me?”
“Sure. I asked them what I should do with you.”
“What did they say?”
“I dinna want to believe them. But I suppose it must be truth. You are cursed.”
Horatius got angry and used several impure words. “What does that mean? Ask him what that means.”
“All right,” the boy said a little indignantly. He closed his eyes. “You dinna need to talk to me like that.” His lips moved silently behind his folded hands. After a while, he dropped his arms and frowned at Horatius. “ ’Tis bad. I dinna think you want to know.”
Horatius reined in his frustration this time, trying not to provoke the lad. “No. I do. Want to know. I need you. To tell me. Exactly. What he said.”
“Do you know someone named Sat— Sah…ah…terrell? Something like that. Not a name I heard afore. I dinna like it.”
“Yes, aye. Satarel. What about him? Is he behind this? What did he do?”
“He cursed you. I dinna understand. But the angel said when he touched your heart—how did he do that?—he put a curse on you. A bad curse.”
The moment flashed into his memory when Satarel reached into his body out in the ocean and sifted through his fingers the closest thing Horatius had to a soul. Satarel defiled his essence in that touch. Satarel took from him the good he’d been accumulating and replaced it with some destructive force.
“Ask him what the curse means. Is that why I can’t transfigure? Why I am so weak? Ask him what to do. How do I undo the curse? Ask him. Go on, ask him.”
The boy scowled. “So many questions. Why dinna you ask him? He is right there.”
“He cannot hear me.”
“Of course he can.”
“I cannot hear him.”
“Anyone can talk to them.”
“I am not just anyone. Please. Ask him. It is very important.”
The boy directed his attention to the ceiling and moved his lips again. It took so long, Horatius could not wait. “What are you two saying?”
The boy glanced sideways a moment but turned his attention back to his task. 
A deep breath helped Horatius calm himself enough to clamp his lips shut and let the boy communicate with the sentinel. The nerve endings in his gut were on fire. Relying on another to converse for him was enough to make him spontaneously combust. When at last the boy relaxed, Horatius had to use all his willpower to keep quiet and let the boy convey the message at his own speed.
The boy did not speak right away. He fidgeted on the bench that was too far from the floor for him. He scratched his mop of hair and chewed on his lower lip.
“ ’Tis worse than we thought,” he finally said. “There is only one way we can break the curse. And until we do it, you will worsen.”
“Okay, now,” Horatius said, turning to look the boy straight in the eyes. “Tell me how and I will do it. What did he say?”
The boy’s scowl deepened. Horatius prodded him on with several nods of his head, but kept his mouth shut.
“Blood. It will take a blood sacrifice to break the curse.”
Horatius could not believe his ears. Not only was he cut off but he would have to do the impossible. He had not dealt with a blood sacrifice for ages. How was he supposed to obtain one now? Where could he go? He could not even walk ten feet on his own.
The boy put his small hand on Horatius’ cheek and pushed until he turned his gaze to meet the boy’s. “Dinna be so sad. We will find a way. I promise.”
“Boy, go up by the altar there and see if there is any wine in that challis.”
“I will not.”
“Do as I say.”
“If there is any, it is not there for our taking.”
“Come now. I need a drink.”
“A drink willna fix anything. Dinna worry. I will help you. They told me what to do. We are going to find a way. We will be a good pair. And you need me. You sure do get into a lot of trouble. I am Billy, by the way.”
“Where do you live? Where are your parents?” Horatius asked. “I will give you your coin and you can go back to your family.” He opened his money pouch for one of the two coins from the Queen’s men. He would pay the boy and find some beer. He needed to get drunk. Very drunk.
“I have no parents,” Billy said. “Been on my own. And I did not help you for coin.”
“Why else would you help? Take the money and leave me alone.”
“I helped because you needed it. What is wrong with you?”
“I am cursed. That’s what’s wrong with me. Now go on.” He eyed the challis up front and could almost taste the wine it surely held.
“I am not leaving you here like this.”
“I don’t need you anymore. You’re just a child.”
“I do a lot better than you!” The boy punched him in the arm.
Horatius almost laughed, but stopped himself. “Sorry,” he said with his hands up in surrender. “I didn’t mean to offend you. Don’t attack me. I apologize.” 
The boy finally relaxed his shoulders and dropped his balled fists. “Just ‘cause you are a giant and I have not yet grown to my full height…” He jumped down from the bench, the action emphasizing his small stature, and ran to the door. “I have an idea about how to get your blood sacrifice,” he said from the doorway, his anger apparently gone as quickly as it had come.
Billy called to the mule and it entered the small church. Billy led it to Horatius.
Of course! Horatius pulled out the dagger from his belt and wrapped his arm around the mule’s head and stretched its neck long.
“What are you doing?” the boy screamed and jumped onto Horatius’ forearm, dangling with all four limbs locked around Horatius’ arm. “Have you gone completely daft?” 
Horatius stopped wrestling the mule. “I’m sacrificing the stupid beast to be rid of this accursed black hole I’m in. You are the one who suggested—”
“You canna kill her! Are you crazy?”
Horatius flicked his arm and got Billy to put his feet down, but the little thing didn’t even begin to release his bear hug around Horatius’ forearm.
“Isn’t that why you brought me the beast?” Two more shakes and Billy lost his grip. 
But he got right back up and kicked Horatius in the leg. “A course not! That wouldna work.”
Horatius thought a moment. “You’re right. The beast is hardly pure, the stubborn, idiotic—”
“You are the one not pure, not with that kind of killing.” He kicked him again. Horatius stifled his flinch. The little bugger dealt a pretty forceful wallop. “You canna just grab the closest animal and cut its throat. Even I know that. There is somethin’ not right about that.”
Who was this boy to tell Horatius how the world worked? He released the mule and replaced the knife in his belt. “Stop kicking me. See? I put the knife away.”
Billy lowered his leg that was poised and ready to deliver another blow. “I brought her over so you could mount and we could go look for help,” he said as though he were explaining something to a toddler. “Altogether benumbing! For being so big you sure act stupid. Are you going to be nice now, or should we just go on our own way and leave you here?”
Horatius wanted to grab him and turn him over his knee for a good spanking. Instead, he struggled to his feet, leaning heavily on the mule. He somehow swung his leg over it and mounted. “Okay. Where are we going?”
“If you behave, I will take you to a place I know where we can find a blood sacrifice, pure and untainted.”
CHAPTER 35

Inside the castle, chaos propelled everyone into a frenzy. Lady Gordon threw angry words around the room at workers who frantically snatched shiny candelabras off the tables and grabbed up all the embroidered table cloths. Servants dumped the food from silver platters onto wooden trenchers and used the trays to scurry away golden mugs and pitchers studded with gems. The treasures of the household disappeared into secret hiding places, leaving the room stripped and plain. 
Chloe led Kaitlyn to a table and poured the two of them drinks from a wooden jug. Her throat was dry and coated with the blowing yard dust.
“Here, Kaitlyn. Drink this. It's probably fermented, but we need to stay hydrated.”
“Good idea,” Kaitlyn said and she took the heavy cup and lifted it for a drink.
Lady Gordon, who was standing only a table length away, spun around and glared at them.
“We’re just having something to drink.” Chloe spoke with bravado, safely protected by the language barrier. “Leave us alone and we’ll not show the intruders where you’re hiding the loot.”
“You insolent wenches!”
“Uh-oh.” Kaitlyn lowered the cup from her mouth.
Lady Gordon slammed her palms on the table, making the jug jump on the tabletop.
“All this time, pretending not to spake English!”
“You are the one who didn’t use English,” Chloe said.
She pounded the table a few more times.
“Dinna be impudent. I spake both Gaelic and English to you. Even Français. And you just babbled some gibbering foolery. I should flog you for the trickery.”
Kaitlyn twitched and whimpered. Chloe touched her arm to reassure her.
“We weren’t trying to trick you. Really. We just talked and no one understood us. I don’t know what happened,” Kaitlyn explained.
The image of a rack in the dungeon loomed in Chloe’s mind.
Lady Gordon rubbed her forehead. “My head is pounding awful. Play some nice music for me. I am over-vexed by all this commotion. The Queen’s men without are set on sending in an emissary and I need my head to quiet if I am to handle them well.”
She turned her attention back to her servants.
“That is so odd,” Kaitlyn said. She followed Chloe over to their instruments.
Chloe said, “I think you were right about Pan. He is like Horace. Remember out in the yard when he touched us and said something weird? I think he was casting a spell. He must have made it so we can understand now.”
Kaitlyn picked up her viola and sat next to Chloe. “If he’s like Horace, then he can fly. And if he can fly, he can take us back home.”
“He’s different somehow, though. He’s got that scar on his face. You know how Horace’s leg healed after he became an angel? If Pan could change into an angel, too, he wouldn’t look so mangled. If he could change, why would he be working for Mr. Gordon? Why would he travel by horseback with those two who obviously aren’t angels? Why would he kidnap us?”
Lady Gordon clapped at them. “Play, play. There is little time afore I must meet with the emissary.”
They started an improv piece in the style of a Celtic jig. Chloe played the bass note of each chord and Kaitlyn played a melody in six-eight time. They may have been playing something that hadn’t been invented yet, but Chloe didn’t really care. She was thinking about Pan and Horace and how to get home.
As they played their jig, a woman entered the dining hall, ran up to Lady Gordon, and hugged her. They sat down together at a table too far away for Chloe to hear what they said. But they talked a lot. Every few minutes, the newcomer—a woman in her early twenties—watched Chloe and Kaitlyn play, like she was actually listening to their music instead of what Lady Gordon was saying. Her worried look softened as she listened. Eventually, Lady Gordon’s face changed from grumpy to angry and she got up and left the room. The young woman came over and sat down next to them. Her foot tapped to the beat.
They played “Danny Boy,” “Si Bheag, Si Mhor,” and “Road to Lisdoonvarna.” Then they made up a tune that sounded a lot like River Dance. 
When they finished, the young woman clapped and bounced in her chair. “Ah, that was lovely. Just lovely. I have never heard music like that.”
“We just made that one up,” Kaitlyn said.
“Well, it was just lovely! I am Agnes, the Lady Gordon’s niece. They sent me in here to talk her into opening the gate. I have only succeeded in making her angry. Please, play more. I enjoyed it so much.” She beamed a smile at them that was the nicest thing Chloe had seen in a long time.
They started another piece when Lady Gordon returned with a parchment folded up and sealed with a chunk of shiny wax. She jabbed it toward Agnes.
“Give this to Queen Mary. It will explain everything. I canna open the gate to her men.”
“Aunt Lizzie, it might not go well for you then. Please reconsider.”
Her lips got thin and tight.
Agnes thought a moment. “Can I take these girls with me then? Their music is very pleasing to me. Mayhap they will soothe the Queen’s anger.”
Lady Gordon waved both hands, like she couldn’t get rid of them fast enough. “Aye, take them off my hands. Just be careful. They are full of tricks, they are.” She pinched the bridge of her nose and closed her eyes, like her headache was getting worse.
“Wait,” Chloe said. “Pan told us to wait here. He’d be back for us. We can’t go anywhere.”
Kaitlyn said, “What if he can’t find us?”
Lady Gordon grunted and waved them off again. She walked away and said over her shoulder, “Best be back outside afore I decide to hold you hostage.”
Agnes jumped up and clapped her hands together. “Fabulous. This is will be so fun. Get your things and let us be gone.”
“We don’t have any things,” Kaitlyn said. “Except for these instruments, but we just borrowed them.”
“Wonderful. Bring them along,” she said with a big smile. “Then we need not wait any longer.”
Suddenly the man with the eye patch was there, stepping out of the shadows. He signaled for Agnes to follow. 
“Come along, then,” he said impatiently. “No time for anymore of your folly. You best be gone afore the chance is taken back.”
CHAPTER 36

“This is taking entirely too long,” Horatius blasted at the sky.
“I know,” Billy said walking alongside Horatius on the mule. “You told us a hundred times already today. And another hundred afore that.”
Horatius’ throat burned. All he could think about was beer. Except when he could put beer out of his mind and think of whiskey. Then he could forget about beer. He needed to numb the agony in which this ridiculous curse had left him. His vow to virtue was useless if he couldn’t do a thing to take care of himself. The sun beat down on him, the mule was as comfortable as riding a tree trunk, and he had not had a decent meal in days. 
“I dinna think it will be much farther,” Billy said. “See?” His skinny finger stretched out at a tiny pin prick on the horizon where smoke swirled in the sky above a distant town.
It took too long to get there, and when they finally did, Horatius was ready to forgo lodging and food and go straight to Billy’s source for atoning sacrifices. He had to transfigure, find the girls, and make things right.
“Who is it who makes blood sacrifices anymore? How do you know about him?” Horatius asked.
“He used to be the priest in my village. Afore the purge. Afore he had to flee. He owes me a favor.”
“Priest? As in Catholic priest?”
“Is there another kind?”
“Catholic priests do not make blood sacrifices.”
“A course they do. Grisel Fergusson told me. Grisel said they even—” Billy mimed swooshing a sword then stabbing it forward. “—kill little bairns!” Billy stretched up toward Horatius on the mule’s back to whisper, waving him to bend down. “They do all sorts a heathen rites and such. Grisel saw them—”
“Who is Grisel?” Horatius demanded.
“The baker’s wife. She knows everything.”
“She knows nothing.” This was all a useless journey, chasing after a vicious rumor. “We came all this way following a newsmonger’s imagined nonsense. A hag like that should be drawn and quartered for all the harm she does.” His words snapped out harsh and edgy. Now he really needed whiskey. And lots of it.
After a couple of minutes, Billy was gone. Horatius twisted around and looked behind. Billy stood in the middle of the road far back with his arms crossed in defiance. If he had been closer, Horatius knew he would see a withering glare that would take a few feet off his height.
“Billy,” Horatius shouted. “Come on, now. Don’t just stand there.”
The knot of Billy’s crossed arms tightened and his chin rose higher. Horatius kicked and prodded and yanked and jostled the mule until it finally turned around and returned to where Billy stood rooted.
Children’s temper tantrums can go to the devil. What was he supposed to do with such obstinance?
“That is enough. It is nearly nightfall. Time to go into the town.”
Billy looked past Horatius and refused to acknowledge him. 
“Did you hear me? I said that’s enough. We are going in.”
He didn’t move. Did not even blink.
“Do not make me come down there!”
A smirk escaped Billy. But he suppressed it quickly.
“I mean it! I will give you a whipping like you never imagined.”
Billy let go of all pretence of being deaf, dropped his defiant arms, and turned to look right at him with a giant smile. “A course you willna come down here and beat me, you big oaf. You canna even walk.” He laughed without a bit of ill will. “You need me more than ever now.” He grabbed the mule’s bit, turned it back around with exasperating ease, and led it toward the town. “The priest will help us find a rabbi then. They kill things.”
“No, they do not. Not anymore.” Horatius could barely keep up with Billy’s caprice. 
Billy looked back at him. “Nay?”
Horatius shook his head.
“Then a Muslim. Those Infidels still kill things, I am sure. Grisel said—” He stopped himself. “I have heard they like to sacrifice goats.”
More than ever, Horatius needed a drink. A drink would soothe away the disappointment that Billy’s plan all along was for an obsolete priest and take his mind off his inability to transfigure.
They entered through the town gates and the mule clopped among the pedestrian traffic with carts and animals, taking Horatius and Billy toward the center of commerce.
“We should find a pub first and slake my thirst. And I suppose you might want something, too. It has been awhile since either of us had anything.”
Billy didn’t answer. He was watching the commotion and buildings along the narrow, crowded street. He moved in close to the mule and squeezed against Horatius' leg. The edge of Horatius’ tunic was crumpled in his fist.
“Billy. Bil-lee?” Horatius sang.
Billy’s eyes were too big for his face. The fright in his expression was something Horatius would not have believed possible. Fearless Billy was terrorized.
“Have you never been to the city before?”
The faintest tremble shook his head. The boy who had talked nonstop for three days was suddenly struck mute.
Horatius put his hand down on Billy’s shoulder and Billy melted in close and tight. A few more pounds could not make a difference to the mule. 
“Want to come up here with me so you can see better what is going on?”
Billy was up sitting in front of Horatius before he finished asking the question. He shrank and disappeared against Horatius. He stayed hidden there as they plodded through the town. After passing along several streets, Billy finally spoke.
“It is so…big.”
“It looks big compared to where you come from. It’s no more than lots of what you know jammed into a small space. And the buildings are taller for sure. One there even has a third floor.”
Horatius could feel Billy’s head moving back and forth against his chest taking in the sights. But he was not letting any daylight get between him and Horatius.
Horatius decided to skip the drink for now. Maybe the priest would offer something better quality than watered down tavern lager.
“Let’s get to your priest so I can get you out of here.”
“I didna know there would be so many people.”
“We will find the priest and leave. Okay? Where does he live?”
“I mean,” Billy emphasized, “I thought we could just ask the first person we saw and he would tell us. I thought he would be easy to find.”
Horatius stopped trying to direct the mule to process Billy’s words. The beast stopped in the middle of the street and brayed long and mean.
“You mean to tell me, you do not know how to find him?” 
Billy shrunk against him and whispered something.
“What?” Horatius sounded harsher than he wanted to. 
“Sorry.”
“What is his name then? Maybe I can find someone who knows where to find him.” It took more control that Horatius thought he could muster to keep his voice steady.
Billy squeaked out, “Hugh.”
“That is his given or surname?”
“I only ever heard him called Hugh.”
Horatius could not help it. His yell came out of its own volition.
“How in the name of all the blasted saints are we to find a stinking priest who cannot admit he is a priest whose first or last name might be Hugh in the midst of a thousand people?”
Billy did not answer. Of course not. Because there was no answer. They would never find him. They had come this far for absolutely nothing.
He could not take it anymore. He had to do something. He had to transfigure. Horatius raised his arms, sat as tall as he could, and roared.
CHAPTER 37

The eye patch man led the three of them to a small door in the wall behind the castle. A man up on the wallwalk signaled him and he unbarred the door and yanked it open. He pushed the three of them out and slammed it shut again. The beam thumped back in place behind the door. 
Outside of the wall, an army idled across the open field. At the far edge of the cluster was one closed wagon with a team of four giant black horses. The fighting Chloe imagined wasn’t happening. It was like they were all just waiting for something, like for a picnic to begin, or for someone to give them directions.
Agnes led the way. “Come with me.”
She lifted her full skirts and marched forward. She approached the group of soldiers and an older officer stepped out to meet them.
“Sir Kirkcaldy,” Agnes said. 
“What of this?” he asked.
“The door will remain closed to us. We must be back to Aberdeen.”
“But your aunt—your laird husband thought for certes she would listen.”
“She will not. Ready the men. We will return at once.” Then to the girls she said, “Come along. You will ride with me in the litter. I want to hear more music.”
As silly as she’d acted inside, Agnes carried herself like a queen when she gave commands. And it seemed certain she was taking them away.
“How far away is Aberdeen?” Chloe asked. She hoped it wasn’t so far that Pan wouldn’t be able to track them.
“About twelve or thirteen leagues, I venture.”
She didn’t know what a league was but it sounded too far.
“We should be there by late tomorrow,” Agnes added. “Plenty of time for much music.”
“Don’t worry, Cello. Pan will come. Mrs. Gordon can tell him we went with Agnes. Then Pan will be sure to find us.” 
They climbed up into the wagon. A man yelled at the horses and the wagon jolted to a start. Chloe and her cello lurched and she sat down hard on the cushioned bench. She didn’t want to play. She wanted to go home. 
Kaitlyn played a piece so Chloe didn’t have to. It was sweet and beautiful. Chloe closed her eyes and tried to relax. Which was impossible, the way the wagon jiggled around. She was surprised Kaitlyn could even play.
At least an hour passed, maybe more. Kaitlyn was tireless. Chloe finally relaxed enough to doze in and out, letting go of her worries for a brief time. She didn’t know how long she’d been out when she roused and repositioned. The music had stopped.
“Where are you from?”
Chloe opened her eyes. Agnes was watching her.
“Your speech is very unusual. And your clothes. They are they strangest I have ever seen. Is that what they are wearing in France now? Is that where your home is?”
“No. Much farther away than France.” The thought of home tightened her throat and filled her eyes with tears. Kaitlyn looped her arm through Chloe’s elbow.
“You miss your home. We will go to the Queen then I shall take you to my home. We will stay there while my husband goes with his sister to subdue George Gordon.”
“What did George Gordon do—besides not let you into his castle?”
“That is a long story.”
A little window next to Chloe framed a whole lot of open space. “We’re not going anywhere for, what, twelve or thirteen leagues?”
She smiled again—her beautiful, gracious smile. “Gordon is an arrogant magnate of the northern Highlands. And he is still Catholic. His errant son John has been harassing Queen Mary all along her entire northern campaign. And he is a criminal. He nearly killed James Ogilvy, Master of the Queen’s household. Then he escaped prison and came north and has been harrying the Queen since. With his father, they have together attempted to kidnap the Queen so that John can marry her. Absurd, to say the least.”
“You guys kidnap a lot, huh?”
Agnes pulled her eyebrows into a frown.
“Is it bad to be Catholic?” Kaitlyn asked.
“For twelve years Scotland has been Protestant. But Queen Mary is privately Catholic, though forces none of her courtiers to be. In fact, it is because she is a papist that Gordon thought he could join forces with her to convert all of Scotland back. Again, absurd.”
“The queen is your husband’s sister?” Chloe said.
“Aye.”
“Why isn’t your husband king then?” Kaitlyn asked.
Agnes chuckled. “James Stewart was not born of the legitimate bed of King James, Queen Mary’s father. He leads her troops and is her cherished advisor, but he cannot be king.”
Kaitlyn sighed. “I bet you’re glad for that.” 
“Why ever would I be grateful for such a thing?”
“She means it must be a hard life to be married to a king, rather than just an advisor.” Should they really be talking about all this? They might say something outrageous and not even know it.
“As you can see, I still must undertake arduous tasks. This delegation, for example, is a strain. I would much rather ride a horse than sit in one of these litters, but when the Queen commanded I come as emissary, my husband insisted I only go if conveyed this way. He worries overmuch about my safety.”
The only sound for a while was the whir of the turning axles and the wheels rattling over the packed earth. 
“Do you have any children?” Kaitlyn said.
Agnes laughed, looking quite young. “Nay, we only wed in February. I am not yet with child.” Her face brightened into a broad smile. “I do hope for it soon though. What about the two of you? Do you both have a man or children somewhere?” 
Right then the wagon hit a particularly big bump and jostled them enough to give Chloe a moment to consider her emotions. Did she have a man somewhere? She knew now Todd was out of her life. Somehow, that had become easier to realize since Horace had come into it. But what was Horace to her? They’d had so little time together when things were falling apart, burning up, or exploding, but something had happened between them. Some spark, some connection. But what if what Pan said about him was true? What if he’d just been trying to seduce her? Nothing fit together or was easy to work out. When he was at her back door that night, when he stayed with her at the store, when they’d been together at the Renaissance fair, he’d never pushed for anything. He only took care of her. If he meant to manipulate her, would he have been so slow to act? Helped her mother? Given Benji such a great day at the fair? Risked his life for her? If only he would show up and take them home. Then she could figure out if he was really there to help or not. Is he going to come? Is he even alive? She decided to keep all those feelings to herself for now and just admit to what Kaitlyn already knew about—Todd.
“He left me for another girl,” Chloe said.
“Ah.” Agnes gave a knowing yet sympathetic look. “That can be difficult.”
She looked at Kaitlyn. 
Kaitlyn giggled. “No time. I’m taking AP English and I’m no good at algebra.”
“Hmm,” Agnes said, though she couldn’t have understood Kaitlyn. “I was almost too busy myself with obligations to my family to notice at first that James was wooing me.” She smiled and gazed ahead, seeing some memory of her past. 
Many voices drew Kaitlyn and Chloe to one of the windows. The wagon came to a stop. Horsemen on either side blocked any view so they couldn’t see what the commotion was. Agnes reached around them and yanked loose the ties that held up rolled window coverings. They unfurled and dropped down with a thump.
“Dinna draw any attention to the litter.” She sat far back on her bench and shrank.
Chloe’s heart raced. If Agnes was afraid, things were scary. All kinds of outlaws could be on the road. What if John Gordon was out there? They could be dead in no time.
Muffled voices were all that reached them inside their wagon. The tension inside expanded and took out all the oxygen. The close compartment became hot and stuffy. Chloe was ready to scream. Kaitlyn tightened her linked elbow and grabbed Chloe’s other hand. Agnes reached over and put her own hand over Chloe’s and Kaitlyn’s joined hands. Agnes was pale and pasty, her breaths short and fast.
“Better slow down your breathing,” Chloe whispered. “You’re going to hyperventilate.”
Agnes appeared to try to do as Chloe said. Her hand was shaking on top of theirs. 
When the door flew open, all three of them shrieked.
The man who was in charge bent down and stuck his head in the door. “Lady Agnes, pardon the intrusion, but there has been a delay. There is a verra large dark man who wishes to speak to your charges.”
“Horace!” Chloe couldn’t help yelling. She knew he’d come!
CHAPTER 38

Horatius mustered every fiber of power he could find to transfigure. His hands were up and he roared. But then he remembered he could not transfigure. And the consequence of trying could be catastrophic. The thought broke through a nanosecond before he invoked the power to make it happen. Just in time.
He shut his mouth, lowered his arms, and reined in his frustration. People all around stared at him like he was a lunatic. One woman hid behind her cart of bug-eyed fish, her own eyes the biggest of all. Another raised her walking stick like she would use it to fend off an attack. 
He smiled to them all, nodded and saluted in greeting—and heeled the mule hard to get moving again. The mule could not take them to another street fast enough.
If they were going to find the priest, he needed rest and strength to make a plan. It would do no good to make Billy feel worse about things.
“We’ll find a place to rest and some food, and we’ll find the priest. We will find him,” he said.
Billy remained silent and shrunk even farther into Horatius’ shadow.
The merchants in the next street were packing up their carts for the day. He and Billy needed to find a room before the town was shuttered for the night. 
They stopped at an inn on what appeared to be the busiest street of commerce. First Billy slipped down off the mule, then Horatius tried to lift his leg over to do the same. But his limb would not do as he intended. If I can even get off this beast, I may never be able to remount.
“Run inside and inquire about a room. I don’t think it would be prudent right now for me to dismount.”
Billy hesitated, looking unsure.
“Imagine you are out on your hillside, where you know what you are doing. You are fully capable of doing this, you know. I have every confidence.”
“Really?” 
“Absolutely. Look how far you have brought us. Remember how many times you have gotten me out of trouble? You are a prize, Billy. These folks are no better than you.”
A new air of assurance drew Billy up to the fullness of his short height and the shadows of doubt disappeared from his face.
“All right then. Wait here. I will see what lodging there is.”
He marched into the inn and Horatius slumped over the mule’s head. He was exhausted. If he didn’t lie down soon, he might just fall down.
Not much time passed before Billy came back out.
“He said if I didna have coin to show him, he had nothing for me.”
Horatius cursed. Billy’s face scrunched up.
“Really? You want to be talking like that at a time like this?” 
“Sorry,” Horatius said. It was getting hard to remember Billy was just a boy and to refrain from corrupting him. “I don’t know what we will do about money. I am not used to having none.” The two coins he had from the Queen’s men were in the pocket of the barkeep at a pub he and Billy had patronized many, many miles back.
“We need to get some. No one is going to let us stay without it,” Billy said as he climbed back up in front of Horatius. “There is another inn down that way.” He pressed his knobby heels against the mule and it started walking again.
When they reached the next inn, Billy hopped down and scampered inside. When he came out, he brought with him a gray-haired man with a pot belly and ruddy, round face. 
“Here he is,” Billy said, presenting him to Horatius. “Da, this man has a room for us.”
“Now wait a half minute there, lad. That isna what I said. I said there might be a room but I had to meet your da first.” He leveled a suspicious gaze at Horatius. “Why did you send the wee lad alone? Do you have the sickness? Is that it? You would have come in otherwise.” He backed away and narrowed his eyes at both of them. “You get now. Stay away. We dinna want any of the sickness here.” He said it loud enough to make sure everyone on the street heard. Horatius did not even feel like defending himself. He just wanted to lie down.
Billy didn’t remount. He laid his hand on the mule’s neck and led it through a pack of goats waiting for their owner to finish buying some fish. When they passed the goat herder, the man stepped far away and eyed them with contempt. As they moved down the street, shutters and doors slammed, letting them know they were not welcome. 
Several streets away, they found a church.
“I will go see if they will let us stay here,” Billy said.
He trotted inside as though he hadn’t almost been run out of town. He came out shortly with a young, slender man dressed in the robe of a vicar. His expression was compassionate and concerned.
“Greetings sir. Your son tells me you have fallen and are in need of charity.”
Horatius hoped his surprise didn’t show. “Ah, yes. Aye. I need to lie down.” He must have swayed because the cleric reached out suddenly. In fact, perhaps he was going to fall. Their voices and the noises of the town around him were sounding distant and hollow.
The man and Billy were talking but he couldn’t follow what they said. He leaned forward and rested his forehead on the neck of the mule. He didn’t look up until hands were on him, helping him down. 
They were in a barn. The two struggled to get him off the mule then somehow lowered him onto a bundle of hay on the straw covered floor. He could not help or protest. As soon as he was recumbent, he closed his eyes and forgot about everything.
CHAPTER 39

“Horace!”
Chloe scrambled out the wagon door, past the commander. The sunlight was gone. Men were everywhere, lit by torches, standing around or sitting on horseback. There were so many faces. Where was he?
A familiar voice said her name behind her. She spun around.
Pan.
Chloe covered her mouth with her hand, trying not to let her disappointment leak out.
“Hello, Chloe. Like I promised, I am back for you within the day.” He spread his arms like he was a wonderful presentation to her.
“I thought…that…when he said…”
He laughed—a huge, deep bellow. “Do not look so. I would not have abandoned you. No more need to worry. I am going with you to Aberdeen. It has been arranged with the Queen’s man. I will keep you safe and help deliver Lord Stewart’s wife back to him without trouble. You never know who might lurk on these dark roads. We have come to an arrangement. Any additional loyal arms to Her Majesty’s cause are welcomed.”
She wasn’t glad to see him. For all the world she’d wanted him to be Horace.
“And then I will be able to help you with that business of which we spoke.”
“Okay. I…I better go check on Kaitlyn.” She climbed back into the wagon, pulling the door closed herself.
“It’s Pan. He’s back. He’s going to Aberdeen with us.” Agnes was peering between her fingers looking at Chloe with giant eyes. “It’s okay, Agnes.”
Chloe wanted to tell Kaitlyn what Pan had said about helping them, but she was afraid to bring it up in front of Agnes. 
“Play some music for me, will you?” Agnes said, slowly lowering her hands. “That will help calm my speeding heart.”
The wagon was once again on its way, and Chloe and Kaitlyn played as many quiet, peaceful tunes as they could come up with. It was therapeutic and Chloe reveled in how it soothed her nerves. After many songs, they quit and snuggled against each other. Once Agnes fell asleep, Chloe whispered into Kaitlyn’s ear, “Pan said he’d help us ‘with that business of which we spoke.’ ”
Kaitlyn didn’t respond. She had already fallen asleep.
All at once, Chloe was so tired she didn’t care that Kaitlyn hadn’t heard her. She wanted to sleep, too. She rested her head against Kaitlyn’s head, which lay on Chloe’s shoulder, and closed her eyes.
When Chloe woke up, it felt like only a few minutes had passed but light seeped in around the window covers.
“We rode through the entire night. We should arrive in Aberdeen soon.” Agnes was awake and whispering. Kaitlyn still slept against Chloe’s shoulder.
It wasn’t long before they came to a stop and the door opened. A hand came in and a man said, “Lady Agnes.”
She took the offered help and stepped out.
“Kaitlyn. Wake up. We’re here.”
Kaitlyn lifted her head and blinked her eyes several times. Her hair was lopsided and droopy. The last bird had long since left, but the nest was still stuck to the top of her head. “Are we there?”
“We are. Let’s hope they serve a big breakfast here. I’m starved.”
“Wait. Where’s here again?”
“We’re in Aberdeen. Where the Queen is. And Agnes’ husband.”
They picked up their instruments and stepped out of the wagon into a bustling courtyard. People were scurrying about, carrying bundles and unloading baskets. A man took their instruments and assured them they’d see them again.
“Come with me,” Agnes said. She was back to her spirited self. All the fear and vulnerability she’d shown in the wagon were gone. “I shall introduce you to the Queen. Then we shall enjoy some more music!” She took off with a spring in her step.
Pan wasn’t around. If he was to help them, she needed to talk to him. Agnes called for her not to fall behind.
Agnes led them through the throngs of people, across the yard, and through a large, stone entryway. Agnes walked with purpose and confidence. She knew her way around. And the people knew she was important.
After going down a long hallway, they arrived at closed double doors with sentinels at either side. Choreographed and moving as mirror images, the guards pulled the doors open as they approached.
It was a moderately-sized chamber with lots of drapery, cushions, ornate furniture, and decorations. A beautiful woman sat among the pillows—Mary Queen of Scots. She was much prettier than her photo in Edinburgh—the modern Edinburgh, with tourist shops selling pamphlets and postcards and key chains and sweat shirts. She was dressed much like Lady Gordon had been, but only about a quarter her girth. And though she was sitting, she was obviously very tall. A needlepoint, stretched across a wooden hoop, rested in her lap, but she wasn’t working on it. She looked off at nothing, lost in her own world.
Agnes curtsied; Chloe and Kaitlyn mimicked her. 
“You will love what I have brought for your Majesty. They are absolutely lovely.” Agnes clapped her hands again in delight.
On cue, the man who had taken their instruments reappeared and handed them back. They were much glossier now. 
Queen Mary said in a light French accent, “What of Gordon opening his gate to us? Has he agreed to obey our command?”
“He was not there, I fear. My aunt says she cannot open the entrance, for her husband forbids it. But she did allow me her musicians. Shall they play for you? Never have I heard anything quite like them. Their music is peculiar but delightful.”
Queen Mary waved her hand in assent but turned away bored. Chloe had expected more outrage. She imagined all medieval monarchs cut people’s heads off for far less than refusing entrance to a castle.
In the corner, Chloe spotted a hassock she could use. Not wanting to be the one to push the queen toward head chopping, Chloe quickly settled onto the stool, moved her extra sleeve out of the way, and they both positioned their instruments to play.
“Should we just play the same set again?” Kaitlyn whispered to Chloe.
Chloe nodded. When the music started, Agnes clapped and bobbed up and down like a child. It didn’t take long for the music to pull Queen Mary from her sulky mood. Beneath the edge of her long skirt, her toe tapped with the music and her fingers kept time against the edge of her embroidery hoop.
After three songs, Queen Mary interrupted.
“She refused to open the gate? Does she know what she is doing?”
“Oh!” Agnes said. “I forgot.” She dug in a hidden pocket in the seam of her voluminous skirts and pulled out the sealed letter from Lady Gordon.
Queen Mary broke the seal and unfolded the crackling parchment. After just a moment of reading she said, “Go fetch my brother.” A guard standing inside the door was gone even before the command was complete.
Queen Mary studied the letter and Agnes gave them an underhanded wave to play again. They started back on their River Dance improv. Soon a man came bounding in.
“What is it, Mary? I have much to do.”
Chloe and Kaitlyn kept playing, but with the slightest decrease in volume so they could overhear the conversation.
Queen Mary thrust out the letter and the man snatched it. 
“What is this?” he said.
“Look at it, James,” Mary said. “It will affect your preparations. Our cousin Gordon was not within. And his wife declares it impossible to disobey her husband, to whom she ‘swore fealty before God and man,’ and it is ‘impossible to ask him because of his absence.’ ”
“But he was there, before he climbed over the wall and ran away.” Kaitlyn had stopped playing and addressed the queen and her brother.
Agnes gasped and stepped in front of Kaitlyn as if to shield the queen from her. Agnes bowed low. 
Fright grabbed hold of Chloe. It was clear from Agnes’ reaction Kaitlyn had done something wrong. Kaitlyn looked suddenly terrified and shot a look to Chloe. 
Agnes said, “Forgive me, sister. For I brought—”
“Let her speak. I wish to hear.” 
Agnes backed away to expose Kaitlyn once again to Mary and her brother.
Kaitlyn couldn’t speak. Her eyes were glassy and huge. Agnes nodded at Chloe with an abrupt jerk.
Chloe stood up and lowered her head. “May I—?”
“Well, someone speak. I wish to hear about this flight over the wall.”
“We were eating dinner. Or they were. We were playing. And suddenly someone ran in. Oh, that doesn’t matter.” Her voice cracked and she swallowed. “We were in the courtyard and we heard some noise. So we went to see. Mr. Gordon was going over the wall. Then he rode away. On a horse.” Of course on a horse. How stupid. She wasn’t sure how to talk to a real queen. “He forgot his shoes. I do that sometimes, too, if I’m….” Her words lost momentum and quieted to an embarrassing halt. 
“We must go on the offensive,” the queen’s brother said, dismissing Chloe’s presence. “Call together the Privy Counsel. This cannot be tolerated any longer. The scoundrel must be put to the horn. We must be on the march. Call for cannon. Order up the troops and harquebusiers. We must attack!”
Queen Mary contemplated what he said. “So be it. Make ready.”
James turned his attention to Agnes. “You must return home. I will be tending these matters for some time and I want to know you are safe.”
“What a good plan, husband.” She turned to Chloe and Kaitlyn and gave them a wink and a smile.
CHAPTER 40

“No need to worry. I’m going to eat it all,” Horatius said. Billy watched every spoonful of soup Horatius put into his mouth, not allowing him to pause for even a moment.
They were in the church’s barn. Stacked sheaves of straw served as a backrest for Horatius. Vicar John had given the stable over to them to sleep and recover. 
After sleep and hot food, Horatius felt much less near death. But Billy didn’t seem to believe he was any better, the way he hovered and protected him.
“As soon as I finish this, we will go find the priest. Too much time has passed,” Horatius said.
Billy fidgeted making Horatius wonder what he wanted to say that he wasn’t saying.
“What? What is on your wee mind?” 
Billy squirmed some more. He scrunched his face, thinking hard before he spoke. Then it all came out in a rush like one long word. “Who is Satarel? And why did he touch your heart? What does that even mean? And why do you say you are not like anybody else? Why do you have a curse? And why does it have such power over you that you cannot even walk? Where were you going when I found you? And what do you plan to do once the curse is broken?” He was out of breath when he finished. He waited without blinking his huge eyes.
Horatius started to set his bowl down so he could concentrate on answering Billy. But as soon as he lowered it, Billy put his hands beneath it and lifted it back toward his mouth. 
“How can I eat and give you answers at the same time?”
“You have got to get your strength back.”
Horatius considered the spoon and the bowl, then lifted the dish and drained it, catching chunks of potatoes and beef as he did. He chewed and swallowed while Billy watched him with intense eyes.
He tilted the bowl to show Billy it was empty. The tension went out of Billy’s narrow shoulders and the lad relaxed back into the straw, like now that the soup was gone, all would be set right.
Horatius considered a moment what to say. “Satarel—well, he is a demon.” Billy did not flinch. “We were in a pitched battle, and he had gotten the better of me. I was spent and nearly unconscious. He had his sword lifted high, ready to sever my head from my neck—something he has wanted to do for a long time—and just before he did, he reached into my being with his power and touched my—” He wanted to say soul, to make it clear, but he could not tell even a white lie to Billy. “—my innermost self, where my soul would be, if I had one.”
“But everyone has a soul.”
“No, not everyone. Some of us are not completely human. We live half in one world, half in the other. We were not given a soul.”
“Why did he touch your heart?”
“I think he was stripping any virtue out of my being, so that no chance of redemption was left for me.”
“What are you? Some kind of spirit?” Billy had such unafraid, nonjudgmental eyes, Horatius felt like he could confess a whole century’s worth of sin to him.
“Satarel—he's my…father.”
That opened Billy’s eyes. But the look held no condemnation. 
“A demon? Altogether benumbing! What is that like?”
“It is awful. And don’t think anything else.” 
Billy straightened out his face and made it look somber. “It must be. Just terrible.” 
Billy twirled a piece of straw between two fingers. The mule snorted in a stall against the wall of the barn. “So what was the battle about? Why would a father want to chop his own son’s head off?”
Horatius leaned back into the pile of straw. Once again, he was telling the story he did not tell. The barn was part of the church’s structure, so technically he was in Sanctuary. Horatius could tell the story without worry of Billy’s thoughts giving him away.
“Once upon a time, long ago when the world was young, there was an angel in the heavens named Semjaza. He was pure and beautiful, like all the angels. He was Guardian of a certain beautiful woman on earth. And in time, he lusted after her.” Horatius paused and wondered how much he should say.
“Dinna worry,” Billy reassured him. “I know about those things. Go on.”
“Of course you do. So, he lusted after her. All he could do was think of her. And talk of her. He talked so much, he inspired others to start thinking wrongly about the women they guarded. Soon, he had over two hundred angels thinking of things other than the pure and good. They became selfish and distracted and interested in their own pleasure. They plotted. They took on the appearance of men, went onto the earth, and pursued the women they had found so beautiful. They married them. And had children with them.”
Billy sat with his legs crossed and his pointy elbows on his knees. His chin rested in his cupped hands. Other than widening his eyes, he did not move.
“They—the one mankind calls God—banned Semjaza and his faction from Paradise. None of them would be allowed to return to dwell in the light and goodness. The banished became bitter and angry, and so pursued even greater offenses. They joined Lucifer and all who had already gone with him, working against the Pure, who were Guardians, and did all manner of things to corrupt and destroy the humans the Guardians cared for.
“My father—Satarel—used to be Pure. He dwelled in light with They. And then he listened to Semjaza. He took a beautiful human for himself. And together they made me. For eons I did everything my father wanted. Everything I wanted. Anything I wanted. We were evil. But then I changed. I didn’t want to be bad anymore. And that made my father want to destroy me. More than he wanted to destroy humans.”
“What made you change?”
Horatius had to think a while. “I’m not sure what did. It was something deep inside of me. I watched the humans, those who knew They, and I saw a true joy, a contentment I had never known. They actually loves and cherishes every single human, even those that don’t know the real They. And I wanted to be loved like that, to be cherished. And by one so pure and good. Suddenly, all that pursuit of evil seemed useless and empty. I wanted more. I wanted to be like the humans.”
Billy had moved onto his knees with his feet tucked under him. He sat closer to listen better. He hardly blinked. “And that is why your father cursed you?” he asked in a guarded whisper.
“I believe so. When I decided I wanted redemption—something offered to humans—I had to leave the Brethren of Fallen. I have been trying to earn my way toward goodness. Unfortunately, I am quite poor at it. I might have done more toward my damnation than my salvation.”
“How can you work toward redemption? I thought it impossible.”
“I was helping someone. A girl. Chloe. And her friend, Kaitlyn. I have been assigned to be Chloe’s Guardian. My father is her Watcher, which is the opposite of a Guardian. He chased us down and wanted to destroy all of us. That is why I am here. The girls were who I was trying to follow when you found me. Chloe and Kaitlyn were kidnapped and I need to save them. I need to break this curse so I can help them return home.”
Now Billy was up on his knees with a hand on each of Horatius’ shoulders. “We must hurry then. We must save the lasses afore it is too late!”
Horatius loved Billy’s unquestioning allegiance.
“Any ideas on how to find the priest?” Horatius said.
“I asked around. I think I found him.” Billy sat back on his heels and rested his hands on Horatius’ knees.
“Have you been gallivanting around all alone? What happened? You were scared to death of the city.”
“You said you had every confidence in me. I took that to mean I could do what I had to do. So I did.”
Pride welled up in Horatius. It took him by surprise. “So, what did you find out?”
“First, I asked the vicar here—Vicar John—if he knew of any old priests around named Hugh. He knew of none, but he had heard of a couple of women he thought came after the Purge who lived on the other side of town. He always figured them for nuns in hiding. I went asking at the market, and I found them. They live abovestairs at a butcher’s storefront over on Kinnear Lane—two old sisters who filled me up full with meat pies and goats milk and wanted me to stay with them forever—altogether benumbing!—and they said they once knew a Father Hugh and thought he had come here but did not know what came of him after the Purge. But they sent me to a blacksmith who once had mentioned Father Hugh to them, so they said mayhap he had seen him. So I paid him a visit and he had heard of him. He had done some work for him and delivered some tools to him. He told me where. I know where Hugh lives. At least, where he lived six years ago.”
Horatius was impressed. “Good work, lad. But I don’t like that you have been around so much on your own.”
Billy laughed at him and went on as though it didn’t matter that Horatius didn’t like it. “I need to find some coin for us.” Billy jumped up and began pacing, rubbing his chin like he must have once seen some old man do to his whiskers.
Horatius thought about transmuting some straw into coins. Maybe it wouldn't hurt to just try a little molecular mutation.
Billy whipped around and stared at him. “What are you thinking? I can hear your wit working. I see a look in your eye. You are up to something.”
Horatius had not expected Billy to read him so well. “I was just…thinking about how to get some money.”
Billy plopped down next to him again. “Best leave this up to me. I have a plan. What if you get worse? Rest. For the lasses’ sake.”
Horatius shifted against the sheaves of straw. I am rather exhausted. After sitting up so long the weariness was back. Maybe Billy was right. Maybe it would not be such a good idea to risk getting worse. But how would Billy be able to get money?
“Dinna worry about how I will get it. I said I have a plan.” He rested his hand back on Horatius’ square knee like it belonged there.
“Be careful. You hear?”
“Dinna worry. I will be fine.” Horatius gave him a stern look and waited. “Aye, I will be careful.”
“Now don’t you go and get caught picking pockets or some such foolery.” Horatius could envision Billy out on the street getting picked up by the magistrate and never coming back.
“I would not lower myself to do crime!” He retracted his hand from Horatius’ knee. Horatius had insulted him. He straightened his spine and held his head high, like he would not consider such a deceitful path.
“You are the one who lied to the vicar and told him I was your father and that I’d fallen—”
Billy jumped up. “I did not lie! You had fallen. Fallen from grace, which is much worse than if you had fallen off Bethesda.” He stammered before he addressed the other half of the accusation. “And, anyway, you are like a da to me. The closest I remember ever having.” His little cheeks blushed red under his freckles. “So, I did not lie.” He calmed and sat back down as if his outburst had not happened. “My plan is to go to the angels in the church and ask them for the coin we need. I will be back. Dinna do anything foolhardy while you wait. Remember the lasses.” 
He skittered out of the barn before Horatius had a chance to collect his reason and tell him what a crazy idea it was to go to the sentinels and ask for money.
He lay back into the straw to rest and conserve his energy. Billy had said Horatius was like a father to him. Whatever he had where others had a soul warmed. He didn’t know being thought of like that—loved?—could elicit such a reaction. Not in him. But then, no one had ever cared for him like that. 
Then he thought of Chloe and Kaitlyn and where they might be. He wondered how badly Panahasi would use them to gain favor with Satarel. Had he been foolish to believe he could ever find them? That he could ever get them back and set right what had gone so wrong? Every moment they were with Panahasi, the odds worsened for the girls' rescue. Panahasi’s poison would cloud their thinking, change their allegiance, and God only knew how he would lead them to destruction. Horatius had barely had any time to prove himself to Chloe, to make her know he cared about her. He’d been too busy drinking to prove himself. It wasn’t even until their last moments together that he knew how he cared about her. He had to find them before it was too late. Oh, what a horrendous disaster he’d brought onto everyone because of his heedless, selfish pursuit.
The soup churned in his gut. What a mess I’ve made of things ever thinking I could earn redemption.
Billy scampered back into the barn. “All done. I asked the sentinels and we should be getting coin within the hour.”
“It doesn’t work like that,” Horatius said. “You can’t just go in and ask for money and it plop down in front of you like a vending machine.”
Billy acted like he knew what a vending machine was. He jammed his fists onto his narrow hips. “I would think of all people, you would have more faith than that.”
He didn’t have the energy to argue.
“We need to get you up on Bethesda and get to Hugh’s. The smithy even told me he raises pigeons. From that I knew. He will do the sacrifice for us.”
“Pigeons are filthy creatures. They will not provide a pure sacrifice, even if this man will perform one for us.”
“He said ‘doves’ too, all right? Quit gainsaying everything I say. It will work out. Stop fretting about it so much. We will go there and he will do the sacrifice. You will be back to normal afore sundown.”
Can it be that easy? Hope flickered. Maybe it was desperation. Maybe he was crazy. But he was beginning to like Billy’s ridiculous perspective. Maybe they were only hours from breaking the curse and finding the girls.
Billy untied the mule from its place in the barn and brought it over by Horatius. 
“Do you want me to go get Vicar John?”
Horatius wanted to try to rise on his own. It took a lot of work, but he managed to gain his feet. He leaned on the mule to rest a moment, then before he could run out of energy, he got his leg over the beast.
Billy grinned his baby teeth up at him. 
The mule cooperated fully and Billy led it from the barn. The midmorning sun met them when they emerged and started up the street. Many villagers were out and about, some pulling carts to set up on Market Street. Others had animals or small children, going about their daily routine while herding their charges.
Now that Billy had acclimated to the bustling city, he walked with his head high and his gait as long as his short legs would allow. Seeing his transformation, plus feeling the warmth of the sun on his head, encouraged Horatius. Maybe all was not hopeless. 
Billy led the mule and Horatius through the streets, weaving like a pro among the inhabitants selling their wares and perusing the stands. A commotion rose a lane or two away. A swarm of riders on horseback came pounding into the street. The riders yelled and shook their fists at everyone in their path. Screaming, people fled to the safety of the buildings. One cart flipped and spilled turnips when a rushing horse grazed it.
“Quick Billy. Get us out of the middle of the street!”
Billy grabbed the mule’s bit and pulled. The beast yanked in the other direction, ripping its bit out of Billy’s hand. The force threw Billy away from the onslaught but put Horatius directly in the path of the oncoming horsemen. Bethesda stood fast and brayed.
Horatius threw up his arms and roared, hoping to transmute the horses into cats, but nothing happened except the riders got two horse-lengths closer. The clot of horseflesh suddenly broke apart. One half skimmed past Horatius. The other half veered and plowed into the sidewalk where Billy had stumbled. Horses bucked and screamed. Wood splintered as horses plowed into the front of a building. Glass crashed and shattered. Several men were unhorsed. One horse stumbled and rolled, tripping another. It slammed into what was left of the building wall. Limbs appeared to fly everywhere. The roar of breakage and horse screams and men yelling and mothers shrieking split the morning tranquility like a bomb.
“Billy!” Horatius yelled into the chaos. He twisted on the mule’s back and kicked it to turn toward where he’d last seen Billy. “Billy!” he shouted again. He couldn’t see any sign of him in the mess.
Some men staggered up from the ground. Others didn’t get up. The downed horses scrambled to gain their footing, one obviously lame. An old man stumbled out of the damaged building swearing at everyone. Still, Horatius did not see Billy.
“Move, you blasted foul beast. Move!” he said kicking the mule with his weak, ineffective thumps. The animal turned slowly toward the mess but would not take a step closer. Two men pulled the arms of someone from the rubble. It took too many seconds to see the arms were too big to be Billy’s. 
Horatius was too weak to get down off the mule and search for Billy’s body himself. And depending on the mule for his legs meant he had to stay in the middle of the street and watch the others scramble to assist the victims of the crash.
Though surely bruised and perhaps fractured, the riders, who were all surprisingly conscious, got to their feet, brushing off their dirt- and splinter-covered clothes. One bent to check the leg of his lame horse, while another mounted a different animal, which was still snorting and shaking its head. A third began to lead his horse away when the old man from the building grabbed his sleeve and pulled him around to face him.
“God’s teeth! Madmen, the lot of yeh! What is in yur thick skulls thinking yeh can race down the road full tilt in the middle of the day?”
The rider shook off his hand and pulled a pouch of money from his belt. He tossed it at the store owner, who caught it awkwardly against his middle.
“We must be off to join the Queen’s fight. Take the coin to cover the damages. We have no time.”
The rider with the lame horse abandoned his mount and jumped up behind the other and they galloped away. The man who gave the money mounted his ride and rode off after them.
“Do you see a boy? Does anyone know what happened to the boy?” Horatius shouted.
Bystanders jumped in to help and threw scraps of broken lumber and crumbled rock into a pile in the street. Bricks from the foundation were broken loose and mixed with the shredded lumber. 
One man picked up a large plank of wood and reacted with horror. He yelled, “God’s teeth, come help, over here!”
Another man ran up beside him and looked down beneath the plank where Horatius strained to see but could not.
“By all the Saints! There is a young lad under here!”
CHAPTER 41

After Agnes took them from the Queen’s presence chamber, she led Kaitlyn and Chloe to a guest room to use until they left for Agnes’ family castle. They would leave in two days.
Kaitlyn enjoyed the décor of the room; Chloe paced back and forth across a thick rug. Kaitlyn admired the paintings on the wall and commented on the carvings in the heavy oak furniture. Chloe was too busy to listen, trying to figure out what they should do. She hadn’t seen Pan since the stop in the middle of the night. Doubts flooded her mind, keeping her from knowing if she should trust him or if she should somehow trust that Horace would find them.
Depending on Horace might be incredibly foolish. How could he help them? He may not even be alive. But maybe his powers would save him and make him able somehow to locate Kaitlyn and her.
Whatever happened, they couldn’t stay where they were. She had to get home and do something to save her family. Maybe she could summon some angels or spirits or something and enlist their help. Just hanging around doing nothing was going to drive her insane.
“You should come see this,” Kaitlyn said.
“Kaitlyn, I don’t really have any interest right now in looking at things.”
“Okay.”
Kaitlyn continued her silent observation for several minutes. Something outside had her mesmerized.  
“What’s out there?” Kaitlyn didn’t answer. “No, really. What’s out there?” Chloe went to the window.
A group of soldiers down in the yard were bunched around something on the ground. Several spectators gathered in an outer circle around the tighter cluster of guards. 
“Did you see what happened?” Chloe asked.
“It’s Pan. He was walking, then they started after him, and he ran, then they caught him. They threw him down. It looked like they arrested him or something.”
Why didn’t you tell me?
She swallowed her frustration. “He might be our only hope.”
“I hope they don’t cut off his head.”
Chloe grabbed Kaitlyn’s hand. “Come on. We have to go help him!”
When they got to the yard, the soldiers and Pan were gone. A man trimmed bushes with a long knife along the building like nothing had happened.
“Excuse me, did you see where they took that man they just captured?”
The gardener didn’t even bother to look at her. “Dungeon, I imagine.”
Kaitlyn gasped. 
“Where is the dungeon? How do we get there?” Chloe said.
The gardener lowered his knife and turned toward her like they had all day to discuss the matter. “Never been there myself. Have to ask someone else.”
He turned back to his bushes.
Chloe grabbed Kaitlyn’s hand again and dashed to the main entrance. She had to find Agnes. She’d help them know what to do.
When they re-entered the keep, a guard—the very same guard they’d just passed on their crazed exit out the door—stopped them. 
“Halt there, m’ladies. You canna rush in like the place is your own when the Queen is in attendance.”
“But we were just in here,” Chloe said. “We are guests of Lady Agnes.” 
“We need to speak to her. Can you find her for us?” Kaitlyn said.
The guard scowled at them. “I canna leave my post. What if another ruffian attempts to barge in?”
“Another?” Chloe said. “We’re not ruffians.”
“What of that recent disturbance? I canna leave. It would be my head if something happened.”
“Where did they take the man, the ruffian? We saw him on the lawn with other guards. We know him. We can help.”
He eyed them again with skepticism. “If you keep company with the likes of him, I should not let you back inside.” 
“We need to find Lady Agnes. We’ll just go—”
He put his staff out to stop Chloe. “Do not make me warn you again.”
“Our things are in our room,” Kaitlyn said to his broad chest.
“What are you doing?” Agnes came into the room and barked at the guard.
He pulled away from the girls and snapped to attention. “Protecting the Queen, m’lady.”
“From my guests?” Agnes said. “Come with me,” she said to Chloe and Kaitlyn. She escorted them out of the great hall and down a passageway to the stairs that would take them to their room.
“The Queen agreed to have you play music at our meal this eventide. I should like my husband to hear you, too.”
“Do you know anything about the soldiers arresting Pan, the man who stopped us on the way here last night? He was out on the lawn taken by some guards.”
Agnes looked frightened again. “What did he do?”
“We don’t know,” Kaitlyn said. “Can you help us find him? We need to talk to him. Before they—” She sliced her finger across her neck.
“They’re not going to kill him,” Chloe said. “Right?” she asked Agnes.
“I have no idea,” Agnes said. “Let us go find out what he did.”
Agnes took them back past the guard and out the door. They went to another smaller building across the grassy yard. When she walked in, several guards jumped up from a dice game on the table.
“Where is the man who was just seized?” Agnes said.
A man who hadn’t reacted and was leaning against a wooden cabinet answered her. “Down below in a cell. What would you possibly want with an infidel like him?”
“What crime did he commit?” Agnes said, unruffled by the lack of respect the man showed her.
“He is an associate of George Gordon of Huntly. He is guilty of treason because of that, being a part of the uprising against the crown. He will be tried and executed. Drawn and quartered, I suspect.”
“Take us to see him,” Agnes demanded.
“He is extremely dangerous,” one of the other men said. He was a young man with a fresh black eye.
“He is a friend of ours, and he’s not dangerous at all,” Kaitlyn said. Chloe didn’t think it was a good idea just now to claim him as a friend.
The man who thought he was quite impressive signaled for them to follow. They went down a narrow hallway to an even narrower, steep stairway. Sconces bolted into the stone wall held torches that lit the spiral steps leading down to an underground cavern. The ceiling was low and the dank smell mixed with spoiled food made Chloe take shallow breaths. 
Inside a cage sat Pan. Iron rods went from the rock floor to the low ceiling. The back wall was rough-hewn stone. Pan was on the floor with iron shackles on his ankles. Kaitlyn let out a whimper when she saw him. Chloe had a sudden pang of compassion. Kaitlyn dashed to the bars of the cell and squatted down next to Pan.
“Are you okay?” she said.
Chloe went over and sat next to her. “What happened?” Agnes stayed by the stairs with the guard, far enough away to be out of earshot.
Pan laughed a humorless chuckle. “Word got out that I might have been an associate of George Gordon.”
“It wasn’t us,” Chloe whispered. 
“We only said Mr. Gordon went over the wall. We never mentioned you,” Kaitlyn said.
Pan narrowed his eyes, puckering his scar. “I know it was not you. It was those idiots.”
He gestured down the row of cells. They both leaned back to see past the bars. The tall orange-haired captor and his medium dark companion were shackled in two cells, side-by-side, down many cages from Pan. 
The orange-haired one waved with a ridiculous grin. “Hullo, Lovely,” he said. The other one growled and turned away.
Pan dismissed them with a derisive wave off. “They began babbling about me as soon as they were identified as mercenaries hired by Gordon. Could not keep their moronic maws shut. Listen, if you could help me get out of here,” he said in a voice so quiet they had to read his lips, “I will take you back home. To Denver.”
Kaitlyn punched Chloe in the arm. “I told you!” she said with a huge smile.
Chloe was dizzy. To hear him say it was more than her brain could take in at once.
“What do we do?” Kaitlyn asked in a tiny whisper. 
Chloe shook off her vertigo. Could it be true? Did Pan really just say “Denver”? 
“I cannot help you from in here. You will have to help get me out. Then I will take you.”
“But Darryn told Horace the Corridor was closed. No one can go through there,” Kaitlyn said.
“I know another way. It is not through the Corridor. Horatius did not tell you about it because he did not want to take you.”
“Why wouldn’t he want to?” Chloe said, forgetting to whisper. 
Pan frowned and shushed them, gesturing for her to hold down the volume. 
“He has stolen girls from other centuries for a long time. He pretends he has their interest at heart, then he maroons them someplace where no one else can find them. Then….”
Kaitlyn threw her hand over her mouth to hold in a scream. Chloe’s stomach roiled and pitched like she’d throw up. There was just too much evidence again Horace. Everything Pan said had truth to back it up.
“How can we get you out?” Chloe mouthed. 
“She,” Kaitlyn said pointing toward Agnes with a low, hidden finger, “plans to take us home with her in two days.”
“My trial begins in two days. If they do not have witnesses,” he nodded toward his two former companions in the other cells, “they will not have a case.”
Kaitlyn’s eyes flew wide. “You want us to kill them?”
Chloe shook her head vigorously.
“I have a better idea. Much less messy.” He scooted to the corner of his cell, closest to the other cages and stuck his arm through the bars. “Here, take my hand Chloe, and Kaitlyn, take hers. Hold on and do not let go. Go down to those idiots and touch them.”
Chloe wondered what ludicrous plan he could possibly have in mind, but Kaitlyn took her hand and went directly to the orange-haired man’s cell. She reached out her hand to him and smiled. 
“Come to see me, ‘ave yeh?” He grabbed her hand. He had a lecherous grin on his pock-scarred face.
As soon as they all connected, Pan mumbled something and a weird feeling warmed in Chloe’s fingertips where Pan touched her and in her connection to Kaitlyn. 
“Hey, what are you doing?” the guard called from the doorway where he’d been flirting with Agnes. 
“Quickly,” Pan said. “Kaitlyn, the next one!”
“Girls, what are you about?” Agnes cried out.
“Assistance!” the guard shouted up the stairs as he leapt to intervene.
The other prisoner, who already had his grubby paw stretched out to touch Kaitlyn, grabbed her arm while the orange-topped man pulled her into the bars.
Another shot of warmth pulsed through Chloe when they all connected. Right then, the guard reached Kaitlyn. He rapped the prisoners’ knuckles with a metal club and the prisoners released Kaitlyn with angry shrieks. 
Kaitlyn stumbled a little, but dashed over to Pan before anyone could interfere. “Did it work?”
Pan sat back, relaxed, against the stone wall inside his cell and nodded once.
“That is enough. Up you go,” the guard said as he corralled them toward the stairs.
When they got outside, Agnes said, “I think it would be best to stay away from him. That was most unpleasant. I will see you at supper. The Queen expects to hear your music, as do I.”
Agnes left them and they made their own way back to their room. This time the guard at the entrance didn’t try to stop them.
“What do you think happened? Why did he have us do that?” Chloe asked Kaitlyn.
“Whatever it was, it was mysterious and magical.”
“Why did you do it, like you knew exactly what you were doing?”
“I don’t know. It just seemed like he had a plan. As long as we didn’t have to kill them, I was glad to do something as simple as touching them.”
That evening after they played, Chloe and Kaitlyn ate at an empty table because everyone else had already finished. A few servants milled about cleaning off the tables around them. They didn’t mind being left to themselves and just hoped to find some food without meat for Kaitlyn and something with vitamins for both of them.
Chloe peeled a small firm orange—hoping it still might have some juice inside—while Kaitlyn chewed a dry potato that looked like it needed some kind of sauce.
“We should go see Pan again,” Chloe said quietly, hiding her mouth behind the orange. 
“We should?” Kaitlyn said.
“We have no idea what his plan is, except to get rid of his witnesses. What if he used us to pass some fatal curse on to them? They might be dead now. They saw us touch them. Before long, we’ll be locked up in there with him.”
“They can’t do that. Not for touching them.”
“They believe in magic here. If we touched them and they die, they’ll say we’re witches and burn us.”
Kaitlyn visibly shuddered. 
“If not a magical spell, they’ll think we blew a poison dart at them or touched them with a poisoned blade.”
Kaitlyn’s body relaxed.
“Nuh-uh. That’s silly.”
“Really!”
“No, not really. You’re worrying too much. Let’s just go see if we can visit him again and see what he says.” She picked up another shriveled orange. “We’ll say we’re there to take him this. Besides, different guards will be there now I bet. New shift. They’ll let us in.”
When they got to the prison, the guard had indeed changed. And there was only one. The new man was much more aggressive with his flirtations than the others had been when Agnes was with them.
“We’d like to visit a prisoner,” Chloe told him.
“We brought him some fruit.” Kaitlyn held up the orange.
“I say, yeh are a little peach, yerself,” the guard said saucily as he tried to move in closer to Kaitlyn.
Chloe stepped up as though she could protect her. “Can we just go see him, please? We won’t be long.”
The guard took in her bizarre clothes and eyed Kaitlyn again. “Where are yeh from?” he said with plenty of humor in his voice. “Yeh talk funny and dress like I never saw afore. Are yeh foreigners?” 
“As a matter of fact,” Kaitlyn stepped up to stand with Chloe, “we are. We are the daughters of the high king of the empire of Denver-vania, who is here to meet with Queen Mary, and it seems one of his men was wrongly put in your dungeon. We were told we could come see him until the mess is straightened out. If we, or he, aren’t cared for properly, we are to report it at once to our father, and he promised to have the toenails removed from whoever the oaf is that gives us trouble.”
Impressive, girl. Didn’t know you could do that.
The suddenly sober guard backed away. “By all means, help yerself.” He bowed and held his hand out toward the stairway. Whether he was mocking them or not, Chloe didn’t care. At least they were getting access to Pan.
They descended the stairs and found him where they’d left him. The other two were in their cages at the end of the row. And still alive. When they saw Chloe and Kaitlyn, they both jumped up and yelled gibberish, every word incoherent.
“What’s up with them?” Chloe said to Pan.
“And a good evening to you two as well. It is a pleasure to have your company again.”
“Here’s an orange for you. Have you figured anything out?” Kaitlyn said.
“Hey, you guys—could you hold it down?” Chloe said to the other prisoners. “If the guard has to come, we won’t be able to stay.”
“They do not understand a word you say.”
“What do you mean?” Kaitlyn walked over to their cells but stayed safely out of reach. “We were talking before.”
“We took care of their threat. They no longer speak or understand English. Or Gaelic. Or any other language from this side of the world.”
“We?” Chloe said.
“That little maneuver we did?” Kaitlyn said.
Pan nodded with a satisfied smirk on his face. “It is called the Babel Curse. Very basic. Easier than conjuring snakes out of sticks and such.”
“You did that to us, didn’t you?” Kaitlyn said. “That’s why we couldn’t understand anyone until we were at the castle wall. You touched us to take the curse off.”
“Why would you do that to us?” Chloe said.
“I only did it to protect you. Really. I did not want everyone to hear your crazy story and lock you up as lunatics. I mean, look how you are dressed. And your hair. You are just asking to be locked up.”
“That makes sense,” Kaitlyn told Chloe.
Whether or not it made sense, it was water under the bridge. And they had other issues to worry about. She had to get home. And if she was to get home, she had to keep Pan from being executed for treason.
“What’s the plan? How are we getting home?” Chloe asked.
“Day after tomorrow is my trial. They will have to let me go without their witnesses to accuse me of working with Gordon. We will meet on the south lawn by the gate at sundown. Do you know where that is? Then we will go into town. We will have to go to a place there to summon the help I need to take you home. Then, like that,” he snapped his fingers, “you will be in Denver.”
“I hope it all works like you think it will. Lady Agnes plans to take us with her to her parents’ house in two days. We will need to be gone before that.”
“Do not worry. It will be fine.”
When Chloe and Kaitlyn left the prison basement, Pan’s fellow prisoners were yelling more gibberish. Chloe couldn’t get away fast enough. 
Not long after they arrived in their room, a quick knock rapped on the door.
Kaitlyn opened the door.
“There you are. I have been searching everywhere,” Agnes said. “My laird husband does not want me waiting to go home. He over-worries about the many ribald soldiers coming in from towns far and near to fight for the Queen. We must leave in a quarter hour and go under cloak of darkness. Collect your belongings and come with me.”
CHAPTER 42

Billy! Under all that debris. His small body was surely broken and crushed. Horatius tried to jump off the mule, but his leg would not move.
There is no time for this! I have to get to Billy’s side. 
“Is he alive?” he shouted to the man holding the plank. “Can someone help me here? Someone, please, come get this mule!”
The men looking down under the plank did not seem to hear him. They talked among themselves, pointing and gesturing beneath the wreckage.
“You there,” Horatius yelled at a bystander. “Come over here at once. Aye, you. Come here and pull this blasted mule over there. Hurry.”
The bystander hesitantly came over, moving much too slowly.
“Take me over there. I cannot get down. Take me, please. They have found my boy.”
That spurred him along better. He grabbed the mule’s bit and tugged. It resisted and brayed, only moving a few steps.
Horatius watched in horror as the men threw more debris aside. The two squatted opposite each other and reached down. It was taking an eternity. He braced himself. 
Both men stood up, their arms stretched down to pull up their load. They each held Billy under an arm. His face came into sight, then his small torso.
But Billy had no legs.
Horatius blinked hard and refocused. “Billy!”
Billy gave him a tentative smile, not as confident as usual, but his eyes still twinkled. He flipped his hand in a small wave. 
How can he be so cavalier? He has no legs!
“Get a doctor, someone find a surgeon,” Horatius ordered from his perch. No one was listening. No one was moving fast enough.
A third man kneeled on the ground next to where Billy remained suspended between his two rescuers and pulled more debris away. After a few boards and bricks, he reached down into the ground, his arm disappearing into a hole. Billy was sunken in some kind of cellar that opened in front of the building. With a couple more bricks thrown aside, the men pulled him up the rest of the way by his two spindly arms.
And there were his two beautiful legs, still attached and as rawboned as ever.
The men hovered over him. “Are you good then, lad?” one of them asked. “That was quite a tumble there, son,” another said.
“Are you okay?” Horatius called to him. All he wanted was to get down and hug the boy.
The certainty came back into Billy’s face. He aimed his delightful smile up at Horatius on the mule. Billy’s top front baby tooth was gone. A smear of blood covered his lip and chin. His red hair stood up like electricity had charged it. His face and clothes were filthy with dust. But he was a wonderful sight.
Billy’s rescuers escorted him over to Horatius.
“Can I come up and sit with you? My legs feel a bit wobbly.”
“Can you get up? Help the boy, there man. Be careful, don’t jostle him about,” Horatius said.
A man lifted him up and he got one shaky leg over the mule and slumped back against Horatius.
“That was altogether benumbing.” Though he said it with much less energy than usual, Horatius smiled to hear him say it.
Horatius and Billy left the others to take care of the mess made by the crazed riders and started once again to search out Hugh. It was more imperative than ever that they find him.
Billy lifted his hand without turning around and held something in front of Horatius’ nose. Horatius had to back away to focus on it.
“What is that?” Horatius said.
“The answer to our prayers.” He shook a small leather pouch and it chinked. “It fell in the hole with me.”
“Nearly killing you is not how prayers are answered.”
“I was not nearly killed. If I had been nearly killed, I would have lost more than one tooth. That one had been wiggling some lately anyhow.”
“Let me see that.” The weight of it in his hand was great. Should they keep the money? God knows we need it. But if he wanted to be righteous and turn his life around, maybe he should find whose coins they were.
“We best turn this beast around and go find the rightful owners. It would be wrong of us to keep it.”
That turned Billy around. He pulled his feet up and spun, switching them to the opposite sides so he faced Horatius. 
“What are you thinking? It is everything we need. I will not give it back. And neither will you. The angels wanted me to have it or they would not have saved me to find it. You cannot undo something powerful like that. I will not let you.” He lifted his feet again, crossed them, and in one motion, faced the front again.
If the boy insisted like that, who was Horatius to force him to do something that probably was in opposition to some deal he had going with a Celestial?
Instead of arguing, Horatius said, “Where is it we are going? Where is Priest Hugh?”
“We go four more streets this way, then we turn that way and go three more. Then up the hill. He will be at the top.” 
They followed his directions. Once they reached the bottom of hill, the path turned to a narrow deer trail. A small hut sat among the trees on the hilltop. Smoke smudged a charcoal line out of the roof and across the white sky indicating someone was home.
Billy got down off the mule and led the way, pulling the mule’s bit to encourage it not to give up and quit. The adrenaline rush from watching Billy nearly get crushed to death left Horatius exhausted. He wanted to lie down again. The incline intimidated him. Even if the mule kept moving, he was not sure he would be able to stay mounted.
“We are almost there now,” Billy said. “You can make it.” Billy offered him his holey smile while walking backwards up the hill pulling on the mule’s bridle. The little pipsqueak was trying to encourage him. And it was working. A wave of courage pushed away the melancholy that had been seeping in without him even recognizing it. The influence that little fellow had was baffling. He’d never given much time to wee folk before. Had he been missing something so amazing all these centuries?
“Everything is going good now.” He held up the pouch of money and shook it again while still tugging the bridle with the other hand. “The angels are favoring us, see? We have what we need and we found the place.” His grin grew, wide enough to show miniature molars lined up in neat rows. “Just a few more minutes and you will be as good as afore.” Then his smile disappeared and a serious, pensive expression took its place.
“What is it?” Horatius asked.
He stopped, and the mule immediately halted and began chomping the grass along the path. “Do you suppose…” He quit talking and looked everywhere but at Horatius. 
“What is it? Do I suppose what?”
“Once you are better…do you think…could you…” 
“What?”
He finally looked straight at him. “Can you give me a ride in the air? I always thought it would be altogether benumbing to fly like a bird.”
Horatius laughed so loudly and suddenly the mule startled and lifted its head.
“It would be an honor. Of course. It is a beautiful thing to fly. Everyone should try it.” He laughed again when Billy’s gap-toothed grin reappeared.
They got moving again, with a few brayed protests from the mule. When they arrived in front of the hut, Billy said, “Which one of us is going to talk?”
“You are so good at it, maybe you should—so I do not scare him.”
Billy contemplated him, looking up and down, then deeply into his eyes. “You are not scary.” He rapped on the door several times.
The door opened with an awful squawk and a grizzled, shriveled man poked his head out. His long, greasy hair lay flat against his head. He was humped over so far his unshaven face was even with Billy’s.
“Whachu want?” he snapped at Billy. 
Billy held up his pouch of money and shook it. Horatius flinched, thinking it a mistake to show how much they had—but it was too late. The wrinkled, unkempt old crank lifted his eyebrows to look up at the pouch held high above his gaze. His neck would not tilt upward that far.
“What is that?” he said with a little less animosity.
“We need to buy a pure blood sacrifice,” Billy said, as if it were an ordinary thing to order up.
For the first time, the old man took in Horatius sitting up on the mule. Then he looked back at the small boy, like he was trying to figure out just what kind of association the giant brown man on the mule had with the tiny pale boy in front of him.
“That will be expensive,” he finally said.
“Excuse me a moment,” Horatius said, interrupting the negotiation. “Could I have a word with you, Billy?” He gestured for him to come over closer.
Billy held up a finger to the old man as if to say A moment please and rushed over to Horatius.
“What?” Billy said impatiently.
“Is it Hugh, the priest from your village?” Horatius whispered while trying to bend close to Billy’s ear.
“A course he is. He is right on top of the hill where the smithy said he would be.”
“I mean, do you recognize him?”
“No idea what he looks like.”
“I thought you said he owed you a favor. How can he owe you anything if you never saw him?”
“Grisel told me.”
“Of course. Grisel.”
“Aye, Grisel told me he used to hold me on his knee and laugh and get cheered up past any gloom he had. He said to her, ‘If ever that lad asks for anything, I willna be able to refuse. I would give him the world, I would.’ I was just a bairn. How am I supposed to remember what he looks like?”
Horatius moaned and rubbed his hand over his face. “Really? That’s all you have?”
Billy’s brow furrowed. “Just wait and I will show you.” He spun back around, ending their impromptu consultation. The old man jumped back from where he had stretched to overhear them.
“I am Billy. From your auld village, Glamis. Grisel Fergusson sent me to find you. She said you used to hold me on your knee when I was a wee lad.”
Deep throat sounds gurgled in the old man before his voice rumbled up into an audible bark. “Never haird of any Grisel Fergusson.”
“Oh dinna worry. I know you canna admit your true identity. You have been in hiding, and we will tell no one. But we need a pure blood sacrifice. I willna call you Father Hugh and you can just do the ritual. We will pay you handsomely.” He shook the money sack again. Horatius wanted to snatch it out of his hand.
The old man pursed his lips and pulled his pruned face into a pucker pointing at Horatius. “What horrible sin have you done? I will need to know what kind of sacrifice is needed. What kind of criminal are you? You look rather weak to me. Are you capable of, say for example, beating someone? Or killing? Is that the kind of thing you would do?”
“What kind of priest are you that you do sacrifices? Ever since the Christ was the sacrificial lamb, you priests stopped spilling blood on altars. I have never met a legitimate priest who did this.”
The old man’s pucker got tighter, then he said, straining to lift his fused neck enough to stare hard at Horatius, “I claim only to be a man who can supply what you need. I have learnt much over the years. If you need a Muslim who has the skills to offer a goat to the gods, I will be that for you.”
“Do you have a goat?” Billy asked with enthusiasm.
“We need a curse broken,” Horatius said. “An evil curse, cast by a true demon.”
The grizzled old priest scratched his nose as he thought. “Ah, then a pure blood oblation you will need for certes. I have two young white doves. I believe that will do.”
Billy turned to Horatius. “I knew this would work.”
Horatius thought it a little too soon to consider the matter settled. “I hope you are right,” Horatius said under his breath. 
“I will go prepare the doves. Ah, but first, I must have the coin. Insurance you willna leave without payment, once I break the curse.” He put out his hand toward Billy with a smile he probably thought might instill trust. His stained overlapping teeth were more like a feral animal before attacking. Horatius had to constrain his urge to pull Billy back to a safe distance.
Horatius said, “How about half now and—”
The old man snatched the money away from Billy, leaving Horatius no chance to negotiate a price less than the full contents of the pouch. But then he realized, once the curse was broken it wouldn’t matter. There would be no need for the coins.
“Wait here. It will take some time to prepare the sacrificial birds. I must wash and anoint them with oil. When it is time, I will come get you.” He went back into his hut and closed the door.
Billy turned around with his wide grin glowing. “See? Not long now.” He had so much energy it almost oozed out of his fingertips. Billy suddenly hopped over to the mule and wrapped his arms around Horatius’ leg in an excited hug. “I can hardly wait!” He let go and jumped up and down. “I have never seen you but cursed and weak. Will I get to see your wings? Do you have a halo of gold, sparkling like the moon in the night sky?”
Horatius hoped he would not disappoint him. “I have no halo, no. Those are more of an aura that full angels have for having been in the presence of They. Of God. I have not been there. I do have wings, but not as spectacular as the Pure. But you might find them to your liking.” He could not help but try to lower Billy’s expectations so he would not be let down—because all at once it was very important to him that Billy be pleased with him.
Billy crawled up onto the mule’s neck and faced Horatius. He put his hand up on Horatius’ cheek. He rubbed the whiskers back and forth.
“What are you doing?”
“Does it hurt?”
“What hurt? You touching my beard?”
“Growing hair out of your face. And scraping it off every few days.”
“Does growing the hair on your head hurt? Or a haircut?”
“Sometimes a haircut hurts, if the knife is dull.” Billy’s hair had seldom seen a knife, that was obvious. And when it did, Billy probably did it himself, with a dull, hacking blade.
“I never touched anybody’s beard afore. I wondered what it felt like. It is rough and scratchy.” His hand slowed down, then dropped in his lap. His eyes were very pensive. “I bet halos are an annoyance. ’Tis all right with me that you have not been to the highest heaven. You dinna have to feel bad about it. If we can just go where the birds do, that will be good with me.”
Billy rubbed the line between Horatius’ eyebrows. “Why so worried? It will work out.”
“I am thinking of Chloe and Kaitlyn. We cannot delay a moment once I am restored. They might be in danger for their very lives this second.”
“I know. As soon as Hugh is done, we will take off. Bethesda can wait here for us. She willna mind. There is a lot of grass. We can come back later and get her.”
Billy’s heart would break if he knew he was not coming along. Horatius would wait until he was restored and just leave. He could not risk putting Billy in danger like he had with Chloe and Kaitlyn. Billy would understand. In time. He hoped.
“What is taking so long?” Horatius said, not wanting to chance Billy reading his mind about leaving him behind.
Billy jumped down. “I will go check.”
“No!” Horatius didn’t mean to shout. But he didn’t want Billy out of his sight with the strange old man around. Something about him didn’t sit well. And if Horatius was stuck on the back of the mule, he wanted Billy close. “He should be back soon.” It was difficult to keep his voice from showing alarm.
They waited. And a pigeon walked around the side of the hut, its head thrusting forward with each step. Then two more followed shortly after it. 
“Are those doves?” Billy said.
“They are filthy pigeons. That one doesn’t even have all of its feathers. And the other has a wing gone.”
“Hugh must keep the doves inside since they are pure.”
Horatius’ uncertainty about Hugh grew each moment.
“Climb up here with me. I want to take a look out back.”
Billy hopped up without question. He coaxed the mule to start walking and they went back behind the hut. There was a small stable built up in the hillside, invisible from the front. The mule went straight in as if it were its own barn. Horatius was on edge, worried something would jump out and he’d be useless to protect Billy.
The stable was empty. It was clear there had been some animal recently dwelling there, for on the floor was a pile of soft, smelly manure.
Billy jumped down and ran toward the hut.
“Billy, stop. Do not go in there alone.” But he was already through the back door.
Horatius struggled to get the mule turned around. He was still yelling and weakly kicking it when Billy reemerged from the hut. His posture was wilted, hunched over almost as far as the old hunchback had been.
“He is gone.”
Billy coming back out in one piece surpassed any care about the hunchback.
“And he took the money. There is no sign of it.”
“Of course he took the money. He’s a crook.”
Billy’s eyes brimmed with tears. “Now how will we get your sacrifice and save the lasses? And I willna be able to fly through the air like the birds.”
CHAPTER 43

We’re leaving? Right this second? Chloe wanted to slam the door in Agnes’ face. But when Kaitlyn picked up the viola and prepared to leave, Chloe restrained her panicked impulse to be rude and left the door open. She followed Kaitlyn’s lead by scooping up the cello.
Trailing after Agnes, they went outside to the waiting wagon. Chloe tried to walk slowly so she could ask Kaitlyn what they should do, but Agnes kept slowing to wait for them. She was talking about how excited she was to have the girls play their music for her family back at her home. She wasn’t ruffled at all by the sudden night departure.
At the wagon, Agnes was helped in first, and then an attendant took the girls’ instruments. 
As soon as Kaitlyn’s hands were empty, she said in a rush, “I have to do something. I’ll be right back.” She skipped off toward the prison building using the trotting gait she’d perfected in her close-hemmed skirt.
She toddled past the door, through the main room, and didn’t stop until she waddled down the stairs and landed in front of Pan’s cell.
“Cello and I are leaving now. They’re taking us to Agnes’ castl—” 
“You canna be here,” yelled a guard running down the steps. “There is a proper procedure!” 
“You have to come find us there. You have to get us back to Cello’s house and save her family from the fire.” 
“She is causing no harm,” Pan said in a lazy voice. “She just wishes to say goodbye.” He shifted close to the bars. “Do not worry, dear. I will see you soon. And then we will see Denver. You have my word.”
“Okay. Don’t take too long,” Kaitlyn said over her shoulder as she trotted back toward the stairs. “We’ll be waiting.” She smiled at the distraught guard. “I’m done. No worries.”
She trotted back to the wagon and jumped into the compartment, right past the footman, who stared at her like she’d made some horrible mistake in protocol.
“I had to tell Pan goodbye,” she said out of breath as she plopped down on the bench next to Cello. “I didn’t want him to wonder where we’d gone.”
“Very well, then. Shall we be off? That is, if you are not going to suddenly run away again,” Agnes said.
“Oh, no. I’m done now. Thank you, though,” Kaitlyn said.
The wagon set off, and Kaitlyn took Cello’s hand and gave her a squeeze to reassure her it would all be okay.
They didn’t get to Agnes’ castle until the darkest, stillest time of night. 
“Are we there?” Kaitlyn asked when the wagon took a sharp turn and lurched up a steep incline.
Agnes looked out the window past Chloe. “Aye, there is my home.”
“I can’t see anything. Is it a big castle?”
“ ’Tis the most defensible citadel in all of Scotland. It is a wondrous sight in the light of day. For now, the wagon will take us as close to the entrance as possible, then we must enter on foot, for there are many stairs to traverse to reach the summit. Come, the wagon has stopped.”
The door opened and a footman helped them each down.
After Agnes, Chloe stepped down into the ring of light cast by lanterns on the wagon. Several guards stood around them carrying torches that lit the area. One torch bearer led the way, and the three women, with Agnes at the front, followed him. 
After many steps, they went through a narrow passageway with close, stone walls surrounding them. They passed through the first gate and a guard called out, “Open the portcullis.” They waited while a giant iron lattice gate was lifted. They proceeded through several more gates, beneath stone archways, up and down steps—many more up than down—ever working toward reaching the top. Kaitlyn flitted up the steps, using her perfected trot to negotiate the steps. When they finally reached the end of the long, winding entrance, Chloe was breathing heavily, ready to stop. 
Three servants, aroused from sleep, greeted them when they emerged onto the plateau.  
“Are my parents sleeping?” Agnes said.
“A course they are. ’Tis the middle of the nigh’,” said one of the old servant women. “Only mischief and trouble are aboot this time o’ darkness.” Agnes tilted her cheek to receive a kiss from her. “ ’Tis good to see yeh again, though.”
“I am glad to see you, Tilda. I have missed you.”
“Are yeh hungry? I can ge’ yeh something.” The hard lines of her face softened and it was clear she was fond of Agnes.
“Nay, we just need to get abed. We will catch up on news in the morning. These are two friends who play beautiful music. I want Mum and Da to hear them. They need a bed for now.”
Tilda kept a straight face when she looked at their clothes, though clearly she had to work to do so. The servants collected the belongings that the footmen brought up from the wagon. They worked out the details of the accommodations for Chloe and Kaitlyn, and Tilda told them to follow her.
“I will come fetch you after we sleep. Relax and stay abed until then. It will be good for you,” Agnes called after them as Tilda led them away. 
Their room was small but the bed was wide and tall. The heavy brocade curtain around it sealed them into pitch blackness. Chloe and Kaitlyn settled into the soft mattress and were asleep in seconds.

***

When she woke up, Kaitlyn stretched—or tried to but without much success because of her sleeves—and yawned. Can it still be nighttime? It’s so dark. Cello was asleep next to her, but she was invisible in the dark. Her breathing was even and raspy. Almost snoring. The sounds outside the bed curtains sounded like it couldn’t be the middle of the night anymore. Muffled voices from people talking in another room down the hall or in the room below them came through the wall or floor. A poor cow mooed way out in a yard somewhere and some dogs were complaining about being tied up. The smell of roasting meat somehow got through the thick bed curtains. The stink made her gag. People eat so many animals here. 
She scratched an itch on her elbow, moving in slow motion to keep from waking Cello, who was so tired from worrying about her family. I want her to stay asleep and worry-free as long as possible. It was hard to scratch away the prickle through the thick fabric. She hadn’t had the dress off since Horace put it on her. Horace sure could make amazing clothes. It didn’t get dirty, wet, or smelly. And the colors were so nice and bright.
Kaitlyn folded her covers back and slipped off the bed and through the curtains as quietly as she could. The room was bright with sunshine that made the orange and aqua blue polka dots on her dress almost glow. The spots were varied in size, from nickels to coasters. At least one hundred tiny little buttons, alternating in blue and orange, went down the center. Well, almost the center. They swerved now and then like the seamstress’s glucose had dropped too low. The neckline was high, but it was lower in back. Cello said Horace had put it on her backwards. But the pockets were on the front, though they were hard to use because her sleeves held her arms down. With the puffy tops, she had some room to move, but not enough to lift her elbows to get her hands into the pockets. She could get her phone in and out, until Pan took it from her, so they had worked for something. The purple cape that hung down in back was nice. It danced and swirled around when she walked, especially outside in the wind. 
Maybe the dress had kept her clean and smell-free while she wore it, but now her scalp itched. Cello still sometimes found a stray feather in her big, puffy hairdo. And her nest needed some freshening up. Its twigs were getting loose. She hoped to wash her hair but wasn’t sure how she would do it without bothering the nest. If the birds come back, they’ll need a place to stay.
She tiptoed out into the hallway without a sound. The door closed silently, not a pop or squeak. Good. Cello can keep sleeping while I go find the shower. The stairs at the end of the hall looked pretty, spiraling around a middle post. She waddled down the steps, enjoying how they circled down. At the bottom, off to the side, was a room where two women were cooking. When Kaitlyn entered, they stopped talking midsentence and looked at her like her hair birds were already back.
“Hi,” Kaitlyn said.
They looked at each other then back to Kaitlyn. One said, “Good morning, m’lady. Thar is food in the hall, if yur hungry.”
The other said, “Unless yur unhappy with wot is thar. Did yeh need somethin’ else?”
“Do you have a shower?”
The two looked back at each other.
“A wot?” one asked.
“I need to wash my hair,” Kaitlyn said. “It’s driving me crazy.”
“Yeh want to wash?” the other said.
“A bath? Is that wot yeh are looking for?” the first woman said.
“I guess a bath would be fine. I just really want to wash my hair.”
“Today?” The woman’s face looked like the idea was ridiculous.
“Is this…not a good day for it?” Kaitlyn asked.
“ ’Tis only September. No one bathes in September.” 
The other woman elbowed her and scowled. “If yeh want to bathe, of course yeh can bathe.” From beneath a counter she pulled out a gigantic metal pot. It looked like a horse trough. After she removed a bunch of smaller pots from it, the woman dragged it over to the hearth, banging it and scraping it as she went. “We will get it filled for yeh.”
Kaitlyn sat on a stool and watched the two women fill pots with water and put them on the fire. They dumped three that were already hot on the fire into the trough to make room for more water to be put on to heat.
“I can help you bring in water,” Kaitlyn said. “I didn’t mean to make work for anyone.”
One woman snorted.
The other looked a little put out. Kaitlyn decided to stay on the stool, hoping to keep out of their way. In between dumping more buckets into the trough, the women chopped up food. Kaitlyn had to look out the window and focus on a distant building because the poor animal their knives were pulverizing made her throat tighten. 
She gagged a couple of times before the animal and all its parts disappeared into another pot. It was a good thing they were fast workers. The relief was huge when she couldn’t see the flesh on the counter any more, and a deep sigh of relief popped out before she could stop it.
The women both looked at her with their eyebrows raised. Kaitlyn just smiled back, glad she hadn’t thrown up all over their kitchen.
“Yeh can get in now if yeh want,” one said, and hauled another bucket of water off the fire. She poured it in then dropped the bucket and wiped her hands across her tan apron. Finger smears of blood streaked across the apron. Kaitlyn gagged again and threw her hand to her mouth, afraid she might throw up after all.
The women pretended not to notice her retching. “Do yeh want me to help yeh off with yur dress, milady?” the other woman asked as she eyed her dress more closely. She smirked. “That is quite a gown yeh got thar. Is that from France?”
“I don’t know how to get it off,” Kaitlyn said. 
“Where is yur chambermaid, then? I can fetch her, or help yeh meself.”
“I mean, I don’t think it comes off. I haven’t figured out how to get it off. That’s okay. I mostly want to wash my hair.”
The women looked at her confused, like that Babel Curse had turned back on.
“Do you have any shampoo? So I can wash my hair?” She couldn’t help it but she talked louder like they were hard of hearing. She probably slowed down a little too, though she didn’t mean to.
“Any wot?”
“Um, hair soap?” Kaitlyn said. “Or even regular soap?”
They both shook their heads at the same time.
“Never mind. This is fine. Thank you.” The whole thing now seemed like a dumb idea. Pan should be coming soon anyway and they’d go home. She felt bad for putting the women to so much trouble. She didn’t want to wash her hair anymore. Not without her apricot and mango shampoo.
The women stood near her looking uncomfortable and confused about what they should do. 
“Can we help?” one asked.
“No, I’m fine. Thanks.” Kaitlyn said. 
“I need to check the chickens,” one said. And she disappeared. The other more helpful one shrugged and followed her out.
Kaitlyn was glad they left. It was hard to avoid seeing the stained apron. And they both just didn’t seem to track with her.
She kneeled down next to the trough and tried to bend over it. But her sleeves didn’t let her lift her arms high enough to reach her head. She tried several positions, bending and stooping everyway possible. This isn’t working. The only way to get her head wet would be to get in and sink down into the water.
Getting into the tub took plenty of patience and time because the dress didn’t let her ankles move apart. Teetering on the edge, she lifted both legs and swung them over into the big pot—and she actually did it without falling out or in.
The water was only lukewarm, but it was better than cold. She lowered herself in, gown and all. She pulled her knees up and scooted down to get her hair close to the water. 
As soon as the dress was immersed, it let loose. It dissolved and disappeared, leaving only suds in her tub water. She lifted her hands above her head and squealed. Her shoulders had never been happier. She sunk beneath the surface and dunked her hair. As soon as the giant puff was soaked, it melted into her normal hair. The nest even dissolved and disappeared. 
She scrubbed her scalp and it felt so good. When she sat up out of the water, she could smell sweet blossoms coming from her hair. Whatever Horace had used, with a little water added, it turned into bubbles that left it better even than her apricots and mangos did.
“There you are.” Cello came through the doorway, yawning and trying to scratch her back. “How’d you get that thing off?” She pulled on her own dress, which was just as stuck as Kaitlyn’s had been.
“The water. It just melted. It feels great! Look.” She lifted her arms high and waved them.
“You look liked yourself again. Your hair is back to normal. No more nest,” Cello said and laughed. “Do you need a towel?” She turned and looked for something to use. “Will this work?” She pulled a tablecloth from under a counter.
Kaitlyn got out and wrapped the large cloth around her, dripping all over the floor and feeling like a new person.
“My turn,” Cello said, and she jumped in and sat down, lowering her neon purple and green striped skirt into the water. Nothing happened.
“You have to go all the way under I think.”
As soon as Cello was up to her neck in water, her dress melted, too. “I wish they’d come with instructions. I would have done this a long time ago.”
“Put your head under water. Your hair will turn back.”
Cello did what Kaitlyn said and her big hair melted into her normal hair. She splashed up from under the water. “The spell is broken!” she yelled. “Hallelujah.” She rubbed her scalp and went back under a couple of times. She popped up with another whooping cheer, splashing water everywhere. 
“Can you get another one of those tablecloths so I can dry off?” she asked Kaitlyn. Kaitlyn pulled another out and held it up for Cello.
Chloe was draping her new covering around, wondering what she might use on her dripping hair, when one of the cooks returned with a basket of eggs.
“All done then?” she said.
“Do you have a towel for my hair?” Chloe said.
“Sorry we made such a mess,” Kaitlyn said. “We spilled some water.”
The woman pulled a towel from a cupboard. “Dinna fash. I will tend it. Yeh go on now.”
They did as instructed and returned to their room. When they’d been there only moments, Agnes knocked on the still-open door and peeked in. She started to say something but stopped. 
“Why are you both wearing Mum’s table coverings? What happened to your gowns?”
“They’re gone,” Kaitlyn said. “They weren’t very comfortable.”
“We’d had them on for so long. We needed to freshen up.”
Agnes creased her forehead. “What do you mean they are gone? I was getting used to them. What will you wear then?” 
“We hadn’t thought that far,” Kaitlyn admitted. “My shoulders were so unhappy. I had no choice.”
“Can we borrow something?” Chloe said.
Agnes inspected them, first Chloe and then Kaitlyn. “You are so much smaller than I thought,” she said to Kaitlyn. “Without your high hair and those swollen sleeves, you are just a wisp of a lass. I might have trouble keeping one of my own gowns from falling off you, but Tilda or Mum might have something. I have one that should work for you, Chloe. I canna have you playing music for Mum and Da wearing Mum’s table coverings.”
Agnes left and returned with three gowns for them. They were plain and simple. They were wonderful. One was small enough for Kaitlyn and Chloe fit both of the others but picked the plainest brown one. No one would stare at her in it. She was ready to blend in. Kaitlyn pulled her hair back after it was dry into her usual ponytail and tied it with a ribbon. Chloe’s was drying into soft brown ringlets. She didn’t mind not having her flat iron and letting it curl after having the cotton candy hair for so long.
“On the morrow, we will go to town and find cloth to make a gown for each of you that fits. But for the evening, these will work fine. Tonight for supper, I promised your music to everyone. I look forward to it.”
At the appointed hour, the girls went to the great room with their instruments. The room looked like a mountain lodge, with beamed ceilings, stone walls, and large hearth. 
While everyone ate, Chloe and Kaitlyn played their music. Agnes bounced in her chair and clapped when each song started and after each finished. Her parents, sitting next to her, weren’t as excited as Agnes, but they turned polite smiles toward Chloe and Kaitlyn every time Agnes reminded them the girls were playing.
When they were almost an hour into their set, a servant came over and stood near them. Kaitlyn signaled to Chloe to bring the song to an end. 
“Lady Chloe?” the servant said, bowing toward her. “I have a missive for you. A Laird Panahasi has sent word ahead that he will be here afore sundown on the morrow. He insisted I assure you all is in place and you will be for Den-var immediately.”
CHAPTER 44

“Hullo.”
Horatius jumped at the unexpected voice. He’d let his guard down prematurely.
Billy dried his eyes and stood up straight, facing the stranger who’d appeared from nowhere. “Did you see an old humpback with someone else’s money pouch?” Billy asked.
The tall, imposing man wore a jerkin and close fitting trews. A bow and quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder, plus two knives were sheathed in his leather belt. His hide boots were well-made and well-worn. His beard was trim and his hair pulled into a queue, tied with a thin leather ligature. Though shorter than Horatius, he was still a big man. His expression was gentle in spite of his impressive appearance. 
“By the Rood, was the hunchback here again? And he took your purse?”
“He promised to help us. But he took our coin and stole away.”
He knelt on one knee and leveled his face with Billy’s. “He is but an old pettifogger. Do you think I might be able to help you then instead?”
“We needed someone who knows how to do blood sacrifices. We need to break a curse. An evil curse.”
“Come on, Billy. We should get going,” Horatius said.
The man stood back up and faced Horatius. “I engaged the hunchback to clean my stable and promised to share my soup pot with him. Not only has he failed to muck out my barn, but apparently he has gone off with my donkey.”
“He stole your donkey, too?” Billy said.
“We were in front. We didn’t realize there was a back door.” Horatius said. The effort to explain was exhausting and not what he wanted to do.
“Well, I have plenty for my soup pot. Would you like to take the hunchback’s place and eat with me?”
“That would be grand. We need to rest if we are to continue on our quest.”
“Billy, the girls?”
“If you fall off Bethesda, that will really slow us down. I may not be able to get you back up there myself.”
“You look a bit ashen, friend,” the tall stranger said. “If you would let me help you down, I think a rest would do you some good.”
The buzz in his ears was getting too loud to let him argue.
The man lay down his bow and quiver and came to the mule. “I will help you down, if that is all right.”
He was as strong as an oak tree. He helped Horatius off the mule and onto the ground by a barrel near his back door. He gave Horatius a ladle of water from the barrel. The drink soothed his scorched throat.
“Do you want to help me make the soup while he rests?”
“Aye,” Billy said.
When the stranger went into the hut, Horatius opened his eyes and pulled Billy in close by the sleeve. “Be careful.”
“Dinna worry. I will be fine.” Horatius stared at him with his stern look waiting, not willing to give in to his fatigue until Billy promised to be cautious. “Aye, I will be careful.”
He relaxed his glare, blinked once, twice, and his eyes did not open again. He released a deep sigh and his hand relaxed against the ground.
Billy watched him. Da does look like ash. The brown color of his skin had disappeared and instead he was a sickly gray. With dark rings around his eyes. Billy fretted about how he would fare riding back into town. Mayhap they should just stay with the friendly stranger. Then they could wait for the humpback thief to return and get their coin back.
Laird God, sir, help Da please. And help us get the sacrifice so he can be strong again. I am quite disappointed that humpback tricked us. You might want to do something about him. 
Billy waited a moment, listening, and in his innermost self, he heard, The sacrifice will come, in the fullness of time.
“Altogether benumbing. But what about the humpback?” Billy said, whispering to keep from disturbing his da. He listened again, but this time did not hear anything. “I know. He is not for me to worry about. But you must know, that is rather impossible. He stole our money. And I need it to help Da and the girls.”
Knowing he had his answer for now, Billy was content to have had his say about the thief. God never minded Billy speaking his mind. 
He sat next to Da and watched him breathe.
“Here we are,” the stranger whispered when he came back out. He carried a black, three-legged iron pot. From it he dumped all kinds of vegetables onto the ground then filled the pot with water from the barrel, moving carefully not to wake up Da. With a burning stick from the hearth inside his hut, he lit a fire beneath the pot.
His sharp knife sliced right through the vegetables, making them into bite-sized pieces. 
“What is your name, lad?” He handed Billy a long thin carrot.
The bright orange stick looked delicious. Billy’s stomach made a long growl. He took the carrot with a nod of thanks, rubbed it against his shirt to knock off a couple chunks of dirt, and bit down on it. It was sweet and snapped with a crisp click when he bent it between his back teeth. He kept it far from the new space where his tooth used to be. It was a bit sore there, though he was not going to admit that to Da. He would worry overmuch.
“Billy,” he answered around the chewing. “What is yours?”
“Hugh.”
Billy inhaled a chunk of carrot. He coughed and Hugh pounded on his back. Tears dripped down his cheeks. When Billy could breathe again, he wiped his cheeks dry with his sleeve.
“You are Hugh? We thought that humpback was Hugh.” Was this the man who had held him as a bairn? He was a giant improvement over the humpback.
“You were looking for me?” Hugh picked up a turnip and whittled it into the pot. 
“Do you remember Grisel Fergusson? Back in Glamis?”
“Aye. The baker’s wife.”
“You are Hugh!” His chest vibrated, his heart was pounding so hard. “We came to find you because Horace—he is my da now—he got a bad curse on him and we need a blood sacrifice to break it—an angel told me that—and Grisel told me you even killed bairns sometimes and so we came to find you to buy—which we canna do now because the humpback stole our coin—a sacrifice so we can go save Chloe and Kaitlyn—not that we want you to kill a bairn—who got kidnapped and we need to save them and help them find their way back home—Panahasi,” he had to slow down to say the name right, “is going to do terrible things to them—”
“Whoa there lad. Slow down. I canna follow all that. But first and foremost, I dinna kill bairns.”
“Grisel said—”
“I remember Grisel Fergusson—a rather malicious gossip, I think. I would not put a lot of trust in anything out of her mouth.”
Grisel a gossip? That was what Da had said. Was it a lie then that Hugh held Billy on his knee? He took another bite of carrot, but it did not taste as good anymore. Billy had to know.
“Grisel said…you used to hold me on your knee. And…you liked me.”
Hugh stopped filling the pot and smiled a wide, perfect smile. “Is that you, then, Billy McFarland? Aye, I certainly did hold you as a wee lad. And I was right fond of you. My, how you have grown into quite a brave lad, aye?”
The blood rushed into Billy’s cheeks, all hot and tingly. He stood taller and squared his shoulders. 
“I have been on a lot of adventures of late.”
“And I am sure you have come out just fine every time, aye? You have a brightness in your eyes, Billy. You are obviously a clever one all right. Your Da must be very proud.”
The heat grew hotter in his cheeks. It was pleasing to have Hugh speak so.
Hugh skinned his rabbit, chopped it into chunks, and dropped the meat in the pot. He pushed around the flaming logs beneath and got them burning hotter. 
“It will take a good long time to let that cook. Do you want to help me clean the stable while we wait? We could work out a trade for what you need.”
They spent the afternoon mucking out the stable. Then they repaired the stable roof.  Billy liked laboring alongside Hugh. It gave him the chance to show how hard he could work. Every so often, Hugh returned to the soup pot and stoked the fire. He stirred the soup with a big, smooth stick hung by the back door. Before he came back to the stable, he squatted next to Da and watched him breathe a few times, probably just to make sure he was not dead.
Billy liked Hugh. He was relaxed and easy to talk to. Billy watched him shovel and matched his movements, trying to chuck each shovelful the same distance at the same time as Hugh. He meant to earn every penny needed for the sacrifice for Da.
When Hugh stopped to wipe his brow, Billy did the same, showing him he was just like a grown man. While they worked, Hugh asked him questions about his life back in Glamis. Sometimes, it looked like Billy’s answers concerned him, but other times, he just laughed—a wonderful thick laugh. I am sure I liked this Hugh when I was a bairn. His laugh makes me happy to hear it.
Da slept through all of their work and talk, not even snoring. Billy checked on him a few times too, just to make sure he was still breathing.
When the soup was finally ready, the sun shone low through the trees. The steam from the soup smelled like rabbit fat and onions. Billy’s mouth watered and his stomach would not stop rumbling now.
“Want to wake up your da so he can eat, too?” 
Billy shook Da’s shoulder. “Da? Do you want to eat? It smells really good.”
Da’s eyes opened, but they did not look focused. He looked at Billy then Hugh, then back again at Billy. Billy waved.
It took Horatius a full minute to figure out where he was.
He struggled to sit up straighter and caught a whiff of the soup burbling over the fire. He took several deep sniffs. Billy ran over to the pot and waved over the steam.
“How long did I sleep?” he said, repositioning against the barrel. “It feels like forever.”
The stranger said, “The sun was there,” he pointed up, “when you fell asleep, now it is over there, so I would guess a good four or five hours. We got much work accomplished while you slept. Your son is a good strong worker.” Though a surprise, it sounded fine to hear the stranger call Billy his son.
Billy beamed his baby teeth—the ones remaining—at Horatius for Hugh’s compliment.
“Any sign of the hunchback?” Horatius asked. 
“We dinna need him,” Billy said, pouncing down next to Horatius. “Hugh is here! And I worked to earn our lost coin.” He jumped back up and bounced over next to Hugh, pointing up to his broad chest. “Hugh is from Glamis, my village. He knew me when I was a wee bairn.”
“Everyone in the village helped take care of him after his folks died. Grisel Fergusson insisted she do the most. Then I had to leave. I am glad to see he has been well taken care of.”
Horatius accepted a bowl of hot soup from Hugh. Billy got his next and paced about the yard blowing into his bowl.
Horatius blew on his first spoonful then nibbled a potato.
“Did Billy tell you what we need?”
“Aye. The curse. Break it with an atoning sacrifice. Not something I do, I am afraid. Not one of the holy sacraments. The closest I have ever come to that is killing a rabbit for my supper. Not exactly the Eucharist, aye? Just something to keep from starving.”
“Do you think we might be able to work something up, just this once? I really need to get my strength back. Some young ladies are counting on me. I could talk you through it.”
A squawk and beating of wings drew his attention to the barn. Billy had swapped his bowl for one of the pigeons walking around the yard. It fought against the constraint. Billy’s hands were stretched out in front of him, keeping the bird’s beak and talons away at arm’s length.
“We can use this,” he said with his neck extended back as far as possible, keeping his face away from the writhing fowl. His eyes were the widest Horatius had seen them yet.
“It took a lot to bring that bird back to health. A fox bit her wing off. It would not feel right killing her now.”
Billy tossed it aside with stiff arms, obviously relieved to let go. It was just as happy to be rid of Billy. It squawked loud and long while flapping its one-and-a-half wings. Gray feathers floated through the air and dander caught the sun’s rays as it drifted through the slanted beams.
Billy retrieved his soup bowl and sat close to Horatius.
“What about the other ones? There surely is one that you would part with,” Billy said.
“I think what you need is a Muslim who is still in the habit of blood sacrifice. I can give you hard coin for the work you did today.”
“Do you know a Muslim?” Billy said. He laid his hand on Horatius’ knee and left it there while spooning with the other hand from his bowl on the ground.
“I stay away from town as much as I can, and they stay away from me. I dinna know who is where or even what kind of faith is practiced down there. I just keep to my own business as best I can.” He took a moment and concentrated his look at Horatius. “Although…”
“You know something, I can tell,” Billy said jumping up and leaping toward Hugh. “I can tell. You do, aye?”
“It has been awhile. And it was only a rumor.”
“I think we may be desperate enough to chase a rumor about now,” Horatius said.
“You dinna seem strong enough to chase anything, so I am hesitant to say.”
“Please, sir, say! We need to know.”
Hugh set down his bowl, placed his palms on his thighs and leaned in. “There is a man. People say he sells goat cheese. And they say he worships Allah, sacrificing a goat every year to commemorate one of his holy days.”
“We saw a goat man,” Billy said enthusiastically, jumping back and forth between Horatius and Hugh. “We saw him!”
“It was only a rumor. And most likely not a fresh one.”
“We saw the goat man. I was sure he was a Saracen as soon as I saw him,” Billy said, looking at Horatius hopefully. “Did you not think that?”
“Your imagination is getting the better of you. We saw several goat herders. None were foreigners.”
Billy spun back to Hugh as though he would confirm what he wanted. “I did see him. There was even blood on his sleeves, I am certain. You believe me, aye?”
“Aye, lad,” Hugh said, ruffling Billy’s hair. “I believe you think you saw him.”
“Whether or not that is who we saw, at least we know there is someone near who might help,” Horatius said. “We will go to the market tomorrow. How many old Arabs selling goat cheese can there be in one small medieval town?”
CHAPTER 45

Panahasi towered above the shriveled old man who sat across from him on the floor of the tent. Hussein twitched and blinked repeatedly under Panahasi’s scrutiny. He was much more nervous than Panahasi would want, but he had the reputation to find the sorceress, which was all that was needed. 
“I need to communicate with the world beyond, but I need a witch skilled in the arts. I cannot abide an amateur. Too much is at risk. The reward will be generous.” Panahasi spoke in Gaelic because Hussein had been too long away from his homeland to speak Arabic fluently.
Hussein’s shoulders twitched and he blinked hard twice. “How much? I…I...I mean, I just wonder how skilled of a witch shall I afford you?” He blinked his watery eyes again. “I wish to find the best your coin can—”
Panahasi was squeezing Hussein’s throat before thinking. But he did not let go, his fingers digging into the sagging flesh, knowing a little fear should help secure his terms. “Just get me the best.” When he released the soft neck, Hussein sucked in a raspy breath, twitching and jerking worse than before.
Panahasi threw a limp sack of coins into his lap. Around wheezes and coughs, Hussein opened the sack and looked inside. “My wife—” He coughed and twitched several more times. “She is skilled. She will do what you need. But I am not sure this is enough.” He blinked his eyes tightly, squeezing water of out the corners.
An audacious little fool. Panahasi expected he would capitulate easily after the assault.
“It is enough. For now. I will give more if I am satisfied. How do I know your wife is truly what I need? That you are not trying to deceive me?” 
“No, no, no,” he said in a rush. “She is the best. I did not realize at first you meant to secure the best is all.” He twitched while waiting for Panahasi to speak.
“If you lie, you will die.”
“I would never lie to you.”
Panahasi narrowed his eyes at him and let the glare linger to drive home the point he meant what he said.
“I need her to do a summoning,” Panahasi finally said.
“My wife is very adept at such arts.”
“I must arrange to deliver a soul to the Prince of darkness. The spirit she summons to deliver the soul cannot know I am the one asking. There is a certain demon who cannot know of my arrangement or location.”
“You ask a risky contact.”
“Are you saying she cannot do what I desire?”
“No. No, no. It is just…if anything goes awry, it will cost more.”
Panahasi sat on his hands to keep from grabbing the shriveled man’s throat again. He had no time to find another sorceress. He would have to make this work. And it wouldn’t work if he killed the man. “It will be tonight. She will summon an Escort. She must make certain none other knows. My location will remain concealed to any others in the spiritual realm.”
“Will the principal be willing? Without consent the consequences would be too great. She will not provide the summons without cooperation.”
“Of course. It is all arranged. I will meet your wife by the bridge on Low Woods at midnight. We will find privacy in the forest.”
“I will instruct her in all you have said. I will send her to the bridge to meet you. Do not fear. You will be well pleased with her.”
Panahasi got up and swept out of the tent, uninterested in spending any more time with the loathsome, greedy merchant.
For now, he would find sleep. Less than he wanted. The ride after he was released had consumed much of the night. It had taken longer than he had time to spare to find the old man who brokered supernatural transactions. But now his plan was secure. He would have an Escort take him and the girls directly to the Prince, and Satarel would know nothing of his plot or his location. He would be certain of that. He would go over Satarel’s head directly to the one who would accept his offering. Tonight, I will regain my power and status.
CHAPTER 46

The bed curtains whipped back and sunshine exploded into the dark, warm bed cove. Chloe moaned. Kaitlyn squinted and cupped her hands around her eyes.
“Wake, for the morn is new,” Agnes said with a happy grin. “I let you sleep overlong. We have purchases to make. First, we will break our fast and then it is off to the market.” 
Sluggishly, Chloe changed from the nightgown Agnes had provided to the new borrowed dress, prodded on the whole time by Agnes. Chloe and Kaitlyn helped each other tie the laces on the sleeves and bodices. Chloe kept thinking about Pan coming and getting her home to save her family, but Agnes wouldn’t let her dawdle. She’d fallen fast into a deep sleep the previous night and dreamed of going home, but she hadn’t had time to think about it while awake. After the message had come from Pan, everyone insisted she and Kaitlyn play dance music, keeping them performing until very late.
With an excess of enthusiasm, Agnes herded them to the great hall. All the tables were covered with platters or bowls or pots of food. Oat porridge, baked pastries, grilled eel—their smells swirled together into a medley of aromas. Chloe had to make herself eat, she was so distracted by the idea Pan would take them home that evening. She drank a hot spiced drink without paying attention and it burned her throat on the way down. After eating three quick swallows of oatmeal and one tiny bite of a pastry, Agnes announced, “It is time to go into town, then.”
Distracted, Chloe followed Agnes and Kaitlyn outside. They walked onto a giant green yard with a round stone cistern in its center. Imagined images of her family trapped in the burning house kept jumping into her thoughts, blocking out the buildings in front of her. 
“Come on, Chloe,” Kaitlyn said, taking her hand and leading her forward. 
A group of servants and guards joined the three of them. Together, they walked toward the exit across the great expanse of grass on which the many buildings of the fortress stood.
“Do you recognize where we are?” Kaitlyn whispered to Chloe.
Chloe shook off a picture of Benji sleeping in his toddler bed with flames licking up the headboard. “What?”
“We’ve been here before. Or I should say we’ve been here ‘after,’ not before,” Kaitlyn said. 
The surroundings broke through her awful visions.
“See that? Picture it without the roof,” Kaitlyn said. “And that with no walls, doors, or windows.”
The ruins as she'd seen them merged in her mind with the structures as they now stood.
“And that’s where you were when you saw Horace the first time,” Kaitlyn said, clearly gleeful about being back. “So we had been—” she turned a circle to get her bearings, and she pointed at the massive building they’d just passed, “—in there when you started calling us. I love seeing this in living color! Everything is breathing and moving. And the costumes!”
Agnes waited for them up near the exit. “Are you coming?”
“Just looking around,” Chloe said, picking up her pace. 
“This is Dunnottar! Your castle is fantastic,” Kaitlyn said. “I love it here.”
“Aye, it shall be here later, but market day will not last forever. Let us go.” She turned and led them on with a happy bounce in her step. 
“You’re right,” Kaitlyn yelled to her. “It will be here later. Much later.”

***

At Market Square, the three stepped down from the wagon and joined the throng of people shopping among the many carts and stalls set up in rows across the big grassy park. Agnes found a cloth merchant and had him display several bolts for Chloe and Kaitlyn. When they didn’t choose fabric Agnes liked, she took over and bartered for better, higher quality cloth and for the trims and ribbons that would go with them.
Chloe and Kaitlyn walked around while Agnes completed the transaction. Market Square was like the Renaissance fair. Only it smelled a lot stronger. Somehow the manure, bodies, and food were more pungent here. Several merchants had fires blazing with different pieces of animals sizzling over the flames. Kaitlyn gagged when the breeze shifted and the smoke from a nearby roasting pig drifted into their faces.
Chloe hurried Kaitlyn away to get her out of the smoke. They found a section of the square with no animals cooking. A stall with necklaces and bracelets hanging from pegs on a cart caught Kaitlyn’s eye. She pulled Chloe over and tried on a bracelet and held it out for Chloe to admire. It was hammered yellow metal with small embedded colored beads.
“Isn’t it pretty? But my hands aren’t. Look at my cuticles. They’re a mess.”
“Tomorrow I’ll buy you a manicure,” Chloe said. “We’re going home.” The nerves in Chloe’s stomach flared. She didn’t know if she could wait that long.
“I have just what you need, m’lady.” A woman came from a stall next to the bracelet cart. “I shall show you.” She took Kaitlyn’s hand, pulled her to her own stall, and started massaging a yellow cream into her skin.
“Ooh, that feels so good,” Kaitlyn said. “Cello, come here. You have to try this. She's giving free samples just like that store in the mall.” She closed her eyes and relinquished her whole arm to the woman.
“Dinna yeh walk away with m’ armlet,” said a scowling woman from the bracelet cart to the woman with cream who took Kaitlyn.
The woman kept rubbing Kaitlyn’s arm but as she did, she slipped the bracelet off, and tossed it at the other woman.
“Nasiha, she was at my cart, not yers.”
“Keep to yourself, Evina. You heard yourself she needed cream for her skin. Do not push me.”
“Wot? Will yeh curse me again?”
The one with the cream kept a hold of Kaitlyn, though Kaitlyn wasn’t relaxing any more. Their sharp tongues had opened her eyes.
The one called Nasiha said, “Aye, and it might be worse.”
“Ha! I have an amulet. Yeh canna cause me harm this time.”
“Your amulet is worthless. What are a few herbs and feathers in a leather pouch against me?” Her eyes were slits, but she didn’t let go of Kaitlyn’s hand.
The one called Evina became nervous and clutched at something hanging around her neck beneath her bodice. It seemed Nasiha had named her good luck charm.
“I think that’s good now,” Kaitlyn said. “Thank you.”
Nasiha changed her expression to a soft, caring smile. “Oh no, dear one. Your other hand needs the same care.” She secured Kaitlyn’s other hand before she released the first. She dipped into a crock on her cart for more cream and kneaded a fresh dollop into Kaitlyn’s other hand.
“We should go.” Chloe looked around for Agnes, hoping she would come soon and help them get away.
Nasiha turned her charming face to Chloe, but an edge in her voice told Chloe who was in charge. “I am not done. And after this lady, I will do your hands.”
Chloe instinctively moved her hands behind her back and locked them together.
Having pulled her good luck charm from her shirt, Evina held it in her hand now. “I saw that tall Saracen coming from yur tent. I ken yeh plan something evil again. I heard all the plans through yur tent wall.”
“Tall Saracen?” Chloe said, her nerves coiling into high alert.
Evina whipped around to face Chloe, apparently pleased to find someone interested in what she had to say. “They summon devils and talk to spirits. They sacrifice and eat children.” She pointed a fat finger at Nasiha while her other hand worried the leather pouch around her neck. “She is evil. They both are, her and Hhaw—” A rush of air exploded from her throat as though she’d been punched in the gut. Her eyes bulged wide and she bent in the middle like a pain was cutting her in half. 
“She must have had bad meat,” Nasiha said. “Come away, dear. Let me show you my balm for your skin. It comes from sweet goat’s milk.” She acted as though nothing had happened.
Evina stumbled beneath the canopy behind her bangle cart and collapsed onto a short stool while her husband yammered at her in what sounded like Gaelic, waving his arms and scolding her. Chloe watched them, but when he saw her, he yanked down a canvas flap to hide them from her view.
Chloe turned back to Kaitlyn, where she’d been pulled to the other side of the lady’s stall.
“Pay her no attention,” Nasiha said. “She is always like that. She is sick in the head.”
“There you are,” Agnes said, walking up behind them. “Where were you off to? Ah, the goat balm. It does miracles. I need more. I will take a portion today,” she told Nasiha. “You should try it, Chloe. It is glorious.”
Chloe hardly listened. Her skin tingled. She tried to process what she’d heard. Had the woman been about to say “Horace”? Was Horace planning evil things with this woman, this nefarious woman who obviously would do anything to get what she wanted? Would Horace, who she’d put all her hope in, really be wicked and horrible, and abandon her in a medieval century while her family died in the future? What else could it be? Was there any possibility that Horace wasn’t her worst nightmare? Was what Pan said trustworthy? Was he any better than Horace? Was he the tall Saracen? Who could she believe? But no, she hadn’t started to say Pan. She clearly started to say Horace.
Oh, she needed tonight to come as soon as possible. If Pan came and took them back, she’d know, and she could get to Benji and save him. And her whole family—her family who Horace had left to die in their burning house.
“I need to go back!” Chloe said. They all looked at her, startled by her outburst.
“Are you ill?” Agnes said. “You do not look well.”
“What’s wrong, Cello?” Kaitlyn finally extricated her hand from the woman and grabbed Chloe’s hand in her own. 
“Buy my wonderful milk. It will settle a troubled stomach,” the woman called after them, but Chloe had already left, pulling Kaitlyn back to where they’d left the wagon.
CHAPTER 47

“Good morning,” Hugh said. “Sleep well?”
Horatius opened his eyes, having trouble getting his thick, heavy lids to lift. He felt worse than before he’d fallen asleep.
Billy popped up like he had not been asleep the second before. “We are going to find the goat man today.” His endless energy was unfathomable.
“I bet you are famished,” Hugh said. He ladled the previous night’s soup out of the cooking pot and handed a bowl to Billy. Then he offered a hand to Horatius and helped him sit up against the barrel again.
“Would you like some ale?” Hugh asked Horatius. “I made it myself but it is not half bad.”
His mouth watered and a deep yearning stirred. Oh, to take the edge off all the frustration and anxiety. Ale would be sweet to the soul. 
Then the conviction came. “Thank you, no. Just some water again will suffice.” Somehow, he meant to refrain from drinking from that time forward. He just had to.
“I am afraid I have bad news. The hunchback found my money and took it, too. I have no coin with which to pay you for the lad’s work. What can I do? Do you want me to come with you to town?”
Horatius shook his head. “We won’t trouble you more than we already have. I have the idea that if all else fails, Billy can try the sacrifice for me. He carries a small knife. We can sharpen it. He knows how to catch a rabbit. If we don’t find the Arab, I think we will fare well enough. I can talk Billy through the ceremony. Then all will be well. I am certain.” Hugh gave him a dubious look. “Really. We will be okay.”
After they broke their fast, they thanked Hugh for his hospitality. Billy led the mule from the stable over to the barrel next to Horatius. Hugh helped him to his feet but he could barely take weight on his wobbly legs. Spots dotted his sight. He had to bend over the mule’s back a few moments before he could let Hugh help him mount. 
He settled into the curvature of the swayed back. Holy tribulation! I don’t know if I can do this. Hugh tied a length of leather to the mule’s bit for Billy. Billy pulled the mule into an amble and Horatius wondered how long he could stay seated.
“We will come back and see you once we get all this worked out,” Billy called to Hugh when they reached the trail that led back into town.
They traveled in silence. Horatius had no stamina to talk. It was out of character for Billy to be quiet, but it was too much to wonder about that either. He concentrated on balancing and not falling off on the steep slope. He could not wait to get his power back and take flight. He swore this would be the last time he ever rode an animal. Flying never seemed like such a wonderful privilege.
The smell and noise of the town reached them before they saw it. Once it came into view, it bustled with activity. The market day was in full throttle. The previous night’s absurd idea that it would be easy to find the goat herder dissolved. Carts, tents, and stalls arranged in rows created the pathways that overflowed with shoppers. Masses of people and numerous animals clogged every lane. We’ll never find anything in this multitude, especially not an Arab who probably doesn’t want to be found.
Billy led the mule through the pressing mob. He was away the full length of the mule’s tether, pulling hard to keep it moving, which it was reluctant to do with such a large crowd. A few times Billy tossed comments back to Horatius, but Horatius couldn’t hear him through the tumult. Billy moved through the crowd with determination and left no slack in the lead, shoving through the people, pulling the mule with all his strength.
Whenever a bleat sounded over the din, Billy whipped his head in the direction of the noise. Horatius followed his gaze and scanned for goats. So far they’d been roused by four sheep, a crying toddler, and some strange chicken. But no goats.
A commotion in the one lane drew Horatius’ attention. Billy pulled the mule over at his command and they stopped to watch. A plump woman was being carried away on a cot. Her color was bad enough to make Horatius believe she was already dead. A short, stocky man wrapped in a kilted tartan walked alongside her cot shouting Gaelic and flapping his arms. Horatius shook his head in disbelief to hear the man scold her about not working at their stall hard enough.
Then Horatius heard it. A ringing bell and bleating goat. It was an unmistakable blat. A woman—obviously a middle eastern woman with a brown hijab wrapped around her head and neck—was manning a stall with large wedges of cheese, crocks and buckets of milk products. Behind her tent, four grazing goats were tied to stakes.
Billy leaned hard on the tether and coaxed the stubborn mule to the goat stall.
“Excuse me, woman,” Horatius said, working to sound strong and stable, neither of which he felt. “I was told I could find a person here who could perform a certain rite for me.”
“What are you doing here?” she said in a harsh whisper. “You should not be here. My husband said we do not meet until midnight.” 
Horatius set his face to give nothing away. She thought he was someone else and he didn’t wish to change that until he knew why. “That is not what I understood.”
She lowered her voice to a conspiratorial level. “I swear all is well. I took care of the nosy woman who overheard the plan.”
“What did she hear?” He hoped she would reveal what the secret was.
“She will not talk again.”
Horatius bore his eyes into her to make her uncomfortable and let something slip.
“I understand your conditions. I will not allow any fool woman to know of our plans, nor the spirit to know of your location. Your passage will be secure.”
Horatius tried not to let his face show any change. She was protecting someone’s location and arranging passage. It had to be another Nephil, and one for whom she mistook him. Panahasi! From whom would he want to hide his location? Who would care where he was but Satarel? If he intended to hide from Satarel, he must be planning to go to the Prince. So this was how he had decided to use the girls. To end his banishment, he was going to offer the girls to the darkness. He meant to offer the girls to Lucifer.
“What of the principals? What do you know?” He needed to find the girls before midnight. “What did you say that others may have heard?”
“I have said nothing. I swear. My husband told me nothing.” Perspiration glowed on her upper lip. Her nerves were fraying. He didn’t want to scare her away. He wouldn’t press her into flight. He needed to keep her from changing her plans or he would not be able to find and stop Panahasi.
“You have done well. Until tonight, then.” He gave her a two finger salute. He looked up, wondering where Billy had wandered. He scanned the crowd. He took a breath to yell out for him. And his eyes landed on Chloe, who was standing at a wagon not fifty yards away staring right at him.
CHAPTER 48

Before ducking into the wagon, Chloe’s eyes landed on a tall dark man on a mule at the goat cream stall. For a fleeting second she thought it was Pan. She hoped beyond hope it was Pan and not Horace. But then he turned. It was Horace. He was speaking to that evil goat woman. The woman the other one said had planned awful things together with Horace.
She crouched into the wagon as quickly as she could.
“Agnes, please, we have to go now! I’m going to be sick if we don’t hurry back.”
Agnes stuck her head out the open door and said, “Colin, take us back. Quickly.” And she pulled the door closed.
The wagon jolted to a start and gained speed. The sounds of the crowd behind them faded. Chloe tried to keep breathing. She’d seen Horace. And he was planning horrible things with that evil woman!

***

“Billy, Billy.” Horatius called for him, but couldn’t see him anywhere. He tried to knock his heels into the mule’s sides, but he had no strength. The mule started anyway somehow, perhaps eager to leave the crowd. The rope from its bit dragged below them, trailing between the animal’s legs as the mule rambled through the mass.
Every few seconds Horatius called out again for Billy. He finally saw him at a cart where a man gave away free samples of meat on small skewers.
“Billy, come here,” Horatius shouted as loudly as he could, which really had very little volume. Billy turned in his direction, his mouth full and sauce dripping down his chin.
When he saw Horatius, he leapt into a trot and wound his way over.
“Da, they have the best—”
“Billy, chase that wagon. Hurry, it’s almost out of sight. Chloe’s in there.”
Billy didn’t wait for more explanation but took off like a spooked rabbit. He zigzagged through the crowd, using his small stature to his advantage, weaving around the many people. From atop the mule, Horatius saw his red hair bob up every so often among the people. Then Billy broke free of the edge of the square. He sprinted along the path leading out of town like an Olympian. His little arms pumped at his side and his feet pounded the ground. He even raised a plume of dust as he raced.
The wagon went out of sight, and then Billy did, too. Horatius reached low and grabbed the dangling rein. He coaxed the mule to keep moving and the two plodded in the direction Billy and Chloe had disappeared.

***

“I saw Horace!” Chloe gasped.
“What? Where?” Kaitlyn said, jolting up to the edge of the bench and grabbing Chloe’s hands. “You saw him?”
“And he saw me. He looked so angry. He was talking to that goat woman then he turned and saw me. He was so scary looking.”
“Who is Horace?” Agnes asked.
“He’s an old friend of ours,” Kaitlyn said.
“Not a friend. We know him, but he isn’t a friend.”
“Really?” Kaitlyn said. “But I thought—”
“No, he’s not.” 
“Is he coming after you? Is that why we had to leave so fast?” Agnes looked frightened.
“It didn’t look like he was,” Chloe said. 
One of the drivers stuck his head through the side window, hanging from the roof, upside-down. “M’lady, there seems to be someone chasing after us.”
Agnes let out a squeak and her hand flew to her mouth. “Is he dangerous?” she asked Chloe.
Kaitlyn said no at the same time Chloe said yes.
“He hardly looks dangerous,” the driver said.
“He is terribly dangerous,” Chloe insisted.
“You really think so?” Kaitlyn asked Chloe.
“I know so. Think of all that has happened.”
“I am. And I don’t remember where he was dangerous.”
“What did he do?” Agnes asked.
“He might have killed my family.”
“Shall we shoot him?” the head still hanging in the window said.
“No!” all three said. 
“Not yet,” Agnes said. “Is he catching up?”
The guard left the window. His head popped back a moment later.
“We have well outdistanced him,” he said. He pulled back up out of sight, and they could hear him scrape across the roof back to his post.
Agnes looked at Chloe and Kaitlyn, her eyes wide again with fear. “Will he hurt us? We could alert the magistrate, if he is a murderer.”
“He isn’t,” Kaitlyn said. “He’s going to fix everything.”
“Pan is going to fix everything. Tonight. Horace hasn’t done anything to help.”
“Tonight? What is happening tonight?” Agnes asked. 
Chloe hadn’t meant to tell Agnes. Not yet.
“We expect a visitor. That was the message we got last night. He is supposed to come tonight. He’s the man we saw in the dungeon in Aberdeen. Pan,” Kaitlyn said. 
“But he was being tried for treason,” Agnes said.
“They didn’t have any evidence. He was let go. And he is supposed to be here today. He is okay. He is going to help us,” Chloe said before Kaitlyn could say anything more. 
“Help you what?”
Chloe was trying to figure out what to answer and was relieved when the guard popped his head back into the window opening. “He is gone. Stopped running and left behind. We did not need to shoot him.” And he disappeared again.
“Oh my,” Agnes exclaimed. “What a day! If my laird husband knew what he sent me home to, he would have kept me by his side.”

***

Horatius passed a stall with caged birds—pigeons, grouse, pheasants. Geese strutted in a small pen with a rope net over it to keep them in.
He pulled the tether and stopped the mule. “Good sir, do you have a white dove? Not yet a fledgling, preferably.”
“Aye,” said the man at the stall. “A perfect squab for you.” He went among the cages back by the goose pen and returned with a small stick cage tied with rough jute. Inside was the most beautiful dove. The down was starting to change, and new juvenile plumage was just beginning to emerge. 
“I want to buy it,” Horatius said. 
“Tuppence.”
“I will give you a penny. And that is too much.”
“But I willna give you me bird for it. I said tuppence, and tuppence it is.”
Horatius couldn’t negotiate a price without any money. What was he thinking? “I will trade this mule for the dove.”
“What would I do with an old broken mule?”
“Sell it. It is worth three shillings at least.”
“I do not buy and sell mules. And especially that kind. I sell birds. Tuppence.”
“I’ll give you this knife for it,” Horatius said, pulling out the dagger from his belt. “I’ll trade you this.”
“I have a knife.”
“It’s a fine blade.”
“Tuppence.”
Horatius fingered his sword hilt, but he couldn’t give it up. He didn’t know what was ahead facing Panahasi. “These are fine leather boots. The best you’ll ever see.”
“Your feet are too big.”
“Please tell me then, man. What can I give you for the bird?”
“Tuppence. I already told you.”
Horatius snorted at the man. “I’ll be back. Hold that bird for me.”
“I will sell it to the first who has the coin and wants it!”
He kicked the mule forward, lambasting the merchant with profane obscenities. The man just laughed and put his dove cage back where he’d gotten it.
CHAPTER 49

A dream that he was flying woke Panahasi. It was a marvelous feeling again to have his wings spread and the dimensions rush past him as he shifted from realm to realm, and then to soar through the atmospheres unfettered by his ridiculous, marred human body. In his dream, he was once again flying alongside his father, Satarel, a prerogative he had not enjoyed since Satarel had cursed him and left him grounded twenty years before. Since just one small miscalculation when he tried to give his father the long coveted honor of chopping off Horatius’ head. He could have done it himself and had it finished. But he’d passed the task to his father, who was struggling to hold the soul of that idiot Scotsman and wasting time, and the moment was lost. I still cannot fathom how even after I shoved my sword through his chest, Horatius found the will to transfigure and escape. Miraculous. It had to have been some kind of Divine Intervention. He could not have done it alone.
And because of it, Panahasi had been marooned on earth in a godforsaken century. He’d made one tiny mistake by trying to allow his father the fun, the satisfaction, and look what it got him. If Satarel had not wasted time cursing and banishing him, Horatius would have been caught and annihilated. But Satarel had no tolerance for mistakes. He hated any whom he could blame for keeping him from what he wanted. He said Panahasi had acted with arrogance and tried to usurp him. By trying to take control of the situation, he had insulted his father and at the same time, cost him his most desired prize.
The years of exile had worn him down, left him damaged. Without the ability to transfigure, and not even transmute, he could not regenerate his human form, and the years were taking their toll. The few elementary tricks still achievable only left him disheartened. Any sorcerer could duplicate them. If he did not escape soon, he’d deteriorate to a point from which he might never recover.
But his deliverance had come. Horatius had unknowingly provided him with everything he needed. By bringing the girl—one of his father’s own humans—to the very century in which he’d been trapped and giving her a desperate need to travel, now Panahasi had a human he could take to the Prince, going over his father’s head, and regaining his strength, powers, and stature. He might even gain greater advantage for the unprecedented delivery of Unexpired Human sacrifices, a rare occurrence. And an additional blessing: Horatius was somehow out of commission. Otherwise, he would have shown up. He must have angered his father even more—or worse, angered They—and lost his powers. Whatever had caused his impotency, Panahasi would enjoy proceeding without interference. 
He rose from the bed of leaves in the forest where he’d bedded down, unable to produce the coin needed to secure a bed at an inn, and slapped away the debris from his tartan. He did not even mind this time, knowing how close he was to regaining all he’d lost. He scratched his chin and bumped up against the hideous scar on his face. He ran his fingers along it and realized it might be the last day his face would be malformed and ugly. He would once again be the gloriously beautiful creature he’d enjoyed being for centuries before.
He stepped out of the tree line and turned toward the castle where the girls waited for him. He would go, collect them, and proceed to the rendezvous with the witch. He would go now, even though it was still daylight, in the hope he would get to eat. A disadvantage of being trapped in the human form was he still had to yield to its corporeal demands. Only a matter of hours now and all would be changed. No more starvation. No more privation. He was about to soar again like the angels and enjoy the freedom of power. And revenge.

***

Horatius and the mule trudged away from Market Square and in between the parallel ruts leading south out of town. Billy came running back toward him, a long distance away yet. He ran slower than when he’d started. After a few more yards, he stopped and bent over with his hands on his knees. He stayed that way a minute, then stood up and staggered toward Horatius, walking first with both hands on his hips then with both holding his right side.
When he finally got close enough to be clearly seen, his freckles stood out like dots of mud on his bright pink face. His hair stood straight up all around his head, and he was as sweaty as though he’d fallen in a pond.
“Got away,” he puffed out, still short of breath. “But…know where they went.” He sat down and put his head on his crossed arms over his knees.
“Good work. Are you okay?”
It took a few puffs before he got out an answer. “Aye. Will be. Just need…a moment.”
After Billy sat staring at the ground and got his breath back, he jumped up. The pink in his face was fading and his freckles were not as prominent. His hair was drying straight out in every direction. “The wagon went to a castle on a hill. I will show you.”
He picked up the rope and pulled the mule to head back where he’d come from.
“Wait,” Horatius said. “I know the castle. I won’t be any use to anybody until I’m healed. We need two pennies. I found a perfect dove, but the seller won’t budge on the price.”
“Should I ask the angels again?”
Horatius didn’t want to get into what he thought about Billy's last effort to get money from the Celestials. That Billy thought the bag of money was from angels was fine with him. But he wasn’t convinced it wasn’t just some crazy coincidence. 
“No. We need to find something in the market. Have you ever been good at picking a pocket?”
When Billy’s fists curled up and shook, Horatius knew he’d made a big mistake. 
“That again? Do you think that little of me? Why do you keep thinking I am a thief?”
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry, all right? I’m desperate here. I’m not thinking straight.”
“Obviously.” 
“Can you do anything for hire?”
“A course. I do all the time.” With the challenge, his anger evaporated.
“But here, today. How can you make tuppence?”
Billy looked back at the crowd and pinched his mouth together in thought. “I could haul or deliver someone’s purchase. Or man a stall while the owner slakes his thirst somewhere. Let us go see.”
He rotated and pulled the mule back toward town. When they were back in the center of the crowd, Billy approached a merchant who was packing his wares back into his wagon.
“Can I help you, sir? I will load your wagon for only tuppence.”
“Git boy. I dinna need yur kind o’ help.”
They moved on to another stall. “Good sir, could I earn a penny helping you?” Billy asked as sweetly as Horatius had ever heard him speak.
“Nay, thank you lad. I have it taken care of.” The man ruffed his red hair, making it stick out more than before.
Billy continued to scan the crowd. He asked several more merchants to hire him, but all with the same results.
They came back around to the man with the dove. Horatius hated that he was stuck on the back of the mule, but he had to make do. He used the best negotiator voice he could muster.
“Good man,” Horatius said, “would you consider hiring my strong lad here in exchange for the dove? He may look small, but he is as strong as many a grown man. He is a good worker like you have never seen.”
The bird merchant looked skeptical at first, but then a smile spread out his thin lips. “Aye, I think I will at that. Lad, I have two geese that need delivery over to Castle Street. If you get them there, I will give you the dove as payment. I canna leave me stall and they wanted them right away. Can you do that?”
“Aye, sir. I can.” Billy looked up to Horatius and grinned.
“You be careful, son. Geese can be mean.” And there are two of them and much bigger than Hugh’s pigeon.
“Dinna worry. I will be fine.” Horatius gave him his stern look. “I will be careful.” He followed the man back to his goose pen. The geese were almost as tall as Billy. Horatius hoped he would be fine.
One of the geese hissed at Billy, but with the quick movements of an experienced birdman, the merchant wrapped and tied a strip of cloth to muzzle first one bird’s beak then another. Horatius hoped it was enough to keep the birds from giving Billy any trouble.
Billy’s eyes were big when he walked out of the pen with a giant bird tucked under each arm, but he held his head high as though he would not allow himself to be frightened. 
“I will wait for you over by the well,” Horatius told him. 
Billy nodded and left for Castle Street. Horatius watched as he shrunk in size with each step away down the road. The birds were quiet and it looked as though it might be an easy way to get the dove they needed.
Billy left Da behind, forgetting about him as he put all his concentration on holding the birds. They strained against the hold he had on them. He wanted to reposition them, but they were already slipping and he worried they’d get away if he changed anything.
He was not one street away from the Market Square when the birds began to wildly fight against him. One bird pulled its head from his grasp and pecked him in the head twice. Two rapid strikes right above his ear. 
“Ouch! You rascal, stop that.” 
It answered by doing it again.
Billy shrieked. “If you keep that up, I might have to get rough with you.” He chased the goose’s head around with his hand, which was not easy with his elbow tightly clamping the goose against his side. Once he caught its neck, he gripped it as though it were a snake eager to sink its fangs into him. Now that the goose was mad, he could barely keep hold of it.
By the time he got to Castle Street, he’d almost dropped the birds half a dozen times, and they kept getting their necks out of his clutch. Everything hurt from pecks all over his body but he was proud he was winning the struggle. He found the manor where he was to deliver the birds and went around to the back entrance. He kicked the doorframe with his foot. 
A fat maid opened the door and greeted Billy with a stern glower. “Wot took yeh so long?” She grabbed one goose, twisted its neck in a sharp snap, plunked it down on the step, then took the second and did the same.
“Well, I coulda done that,” Billy said. 
She harrumphed at him. “Well I jus’ did it for yeh, didna I?”
Billy held his tongue and turned out his palm, hoping for a penny for his trouble. 
“Off with yeh, lad. I already overpaid at the market. If my mistress wasna in such a bother for roast goose, I wouldna ever paid such a price. Noo, git.” She picked up the two limp geese and slammed the door on him.
Billy stuck out his tongue at the door then began retracing his steps toward town. He passed up a long, straight stick then thought better of leaving it. He ran back and picked it up. Trailing one end behind left a deep furrow in the sandy dirt of the road. When he swiveled it side to side, it made a long snaky trail behind him. He alternated skipping with running, then taking giant steps, almost as big as one Da would take. The stick made a good sword when he fought off a giant invisible dragon. It became a shiny trumpet when the queen arrived and he announced her appearance.
After the queen disappeared, his arm smarted like the devil. To see the back of his arm, he twisted and twirled in a circle, chasing his elbow. A huge welt swelled where the wicked goose had pecked him. He’d ignored it when it happened, he was trying so hard to deliver the geese without dropping or squishing them. But now after fighting off a dragon and playing a trumpet, his head hurt and his arms stung. He lowered the stick back into the dirt and let it draw a long straight line behind him.
A long way off by the edge of town Da was walking toward him. Walking! Altogether benumbing! He is not riding Bethesda, but strolling along just fine on his own two legs. Maybe he had gotten the dove already and had broken his curse. Billy picked up his stick and broke into a gallop.
“You are all right! What happened?” 
When he got close enough, it became clear that was not Da, but another dark man as big as Da. A nasty scar down the side of his face pulled his mouth and eye into an ugly expression. 
Billy froze and watched the man come on. As he approached, Billy backed out of the rut into the grass to allow the man to pass. 
The man stopped when he caught up to Billy and stared at him. Billy shrunk back, not certain what the man intended. His eyes were scary.
He grabbed Billy’s stick. Billy tried to hold on to it, but two tugs and he got it away. The man broke it over his knee, threw the pieces down, and looked hard into Billy’s eyes. Then he broke into frightening laughter. Billy forgot all about the sting of the welt on his elbow.

***

On the mule by the well, Horatius waited for Billy, scanning the people milling around the square for his unmistakable red hair. He’d waited long past what he thought was enough time for Billy to deliver the geese and return.
When at last he saw him, the relief flooded into his chest. His absence was a hardship since about five minutes after he left.
“Billy,” Horatius said, waving to catch his eye.
Billy ran to him and grabbed his leg in a hug. “I thought that was you out on the road, but it was another man who could have been you. I dinna ever want to see him again. And he broke my stick. For no reason at all. Just grabbed it and broke it across his knee.”
A sick feeling swelled inside of Horatius. “Did he have a scar down the left side of his face?” If Panahasi harmed a hair on Billy’s head, Horatius would hunt him down and sever his head.
Billy reached up to his own face and traced where he’d seen the scar. “Is this the left side?”
“Did he hurt you? Threaten you?”
“Nay. Well, he hurt my stick. It was a nice one, too. He glared at me then just laughed and left. I dinna want to ever see him again.”
“Where did he go?”
“That way.” Billy pointed out of town. “The same way I chased Chloe.” 
“We will go get our dove. I need to be shed of this human encumbrance now.”
Billy took the mule’s rope and led it with Horatius to the stall of the man with the birds. Billy could not pull him along fast enough. Adrenaline was making Horatius’ stomach pitch. All patience and tolerance were expired. He had to get to the girls before Panahasi did. Then he’d get Billy to a safe place, take the girls back home as soon as he got clearance to enter the Corridor, attend to Chloe’s family, and then come back for Billy. That part took no consideration. Billy would be a part of his life from now on. Even if that meant staying put, hiding in his human form most of his time, and giving up flight while Billy grew up.
The birdman looked surprised when Billy approached him. That did not bode well with Horatius. 
“We are here for the dove,” Horatius said. “The boy delivered the geese as promised.”
“Aye, of course,” the birdman said. “I will fetch the dove.” He went back to his pens and retrieved the small cage. When he handed it to Billy, Horatius bent and examined it to make sure it was the same bird and that it was still alive. Surprisingly, all seemed in order.
“We will be off then,” Horatius said.
Billy pulled the mule and they headed out of town where they could conduct their ritual and go forward with saving the world.
They were nearing the edge of Market Square when someone hollered. “Hey, you there! With the mule. Halt where you are.”
Three men with the dress and carriage of officials came on flanked by the birdman, who was in a pother pointing a rigid finger at Billy.
When the men caught up to them, the birdman grabbed the dove cage. Then his words became clear.
“…stole me bird when I wasna looking. He was eyeing it afore and wanted it, but neither had the tuppence for it. I told them to go on, I wouldna be trading it away either. It was tuppence and no less.”
“He is a liar,” Horatius thundered. “The boy worked for the bird, fair and square. We can give you the address of the house where he made the delivery.”
Billy tried to take the cage back, but the birdman pulled it up out of his reach. One of the officials took hold of Billy’s arms.
“Wait a minute,” Horatius said. “You cannot take him. He worked for that dove. He has the bruises all over his arms and legs to prove it. Look at those welts on his face. Those are from the geese he delivered over to Castle Street in payment for the dove.”
The magistrate, the one with the fancy hat and expensive cloak, said, “We will work this out and see if we canna get the lad back to you afore nightfall. But for the nonce, we will hold him and try to get at the matter of things.” He nodded to his guards to take Billy away.
Billy looked to Horatius with terrified eyes.
“Don’t worry, lad. I’ll take care of this.” But he didn’t know what he could possibly do. Without the dove and without Billy to help him get around, he was useless. The day spent on the mule was taking its toll and Horatius wondered how much longer he’d be able to stay mounted. If he fell off, he would be helpless to get up again. His legs were leaden and his feet were numb. The buzzing in his arms made him think it wouldn’t be long and they would be useless, too.
“Where are you taking him?” Horatius demanded, but they ignored him and disappeared through the crowd, which was losing interest but still keeping the mule from budging, even when Horatius heeled its sides with ineffective, weak thrusts. 
God help me. Now I’ve lost Billy, too.
CHAPTER 50

The tables were laden with platters filled with seasoned roasts, twists of shaped breads, bowls of boiled roots, and platters of baked apples, raisins, and spices. Wheels and wedges of cheese were draped with bunches of grapes. Chloe and Kaitlyn had not eaten because Agnes’ mother wanted to eat with music and insisted they play first. 
They got through only about fifteen minutes of music when Pan made his entrance. Even though his kilted tartan was faded and frayed at the edges, he strode in with such confidence one would have thought he owned the castle himself. His cap was cocked sideways and the weapons he carried clanked and jingled at his side when he strutted across the room. Chloe missed several notes because of the excitement that gripped her. He was there, just as he’d promised. And he was going to take her home.
Pan came directly to them where they played on a small platform set up between two windows. He bowed and smiled, the smile pulling to the side because of his scar. Chloe couldn’t remember why she’d been so repelled by his appearance before. It’s not so bad.
“Ladies,” Pan said. 
They lowered their instruments, eager to hear the plans.
“I have not had my dinner yet, so I am sure you would not mind if I ate and listened to your beautiful music before we go.”
“Okay,” Kaitlyn said tentatively. Chloe wanted to leave right then, but the words stuck in her throat. How could she refuse him food when he was going out of his way to help them? The last thing she could afford was to offend Pan and make him think twice about taking her back.
Pan settled at a table and began gathering his food. They restarted the song they’d been playing. Chloe had trouble concentrating and kept forgetting what key they were in. The butterflies in her stomach nauseated her. She was so nervous, her palm sweat on her cello’s neck and the bow slipped twice, almost dropping on the floor. Kaitlyn was doing a great job of covering and didn’t seem at all disturbed by all that was about to happen. She looked tranquil, and now that she had “normal” clothes—at least for the time period—she fit in and no one would think she was the least bit stressed or out of place. She was even gagging less.
Pan let them play on and on forever while he ate, and ate, and ate some more. Chloe kept watching for a cue that it was time to go, but every time she looked he turned away and flirted with several women who had settled around him at his table.
Agnes and her parents, sitting at the head table, didn’t seem to be listening either. But when Chloe stopped and lowered her bow, hoping to be done, Agnes’ mother looked up sharply and waved for them to continue.
“I’m getting tired,” Kaitlyn whispered as she replaced her bow and bounced the viola’s scroll to signal Chloe the downbeat.
Chloe started with her and spoke as they played. “I want to stop.”
“Me, too.”
“Why don’t we just stop, then? This is a crummy gig.”
“My back hurts.”
“What can they do to us?” Chloe said.
Kaitlyn lowered her arms. “They’ve been nice. They wouldn’t hurt us. Right?”
Chloe laid down the cello. “Let’s go tell Pan we want to go.” 
Agnes’ parents both turned and looked at them when they quit, as though Chloe and Kaitlyn had done something irritating. Kaitlyn gave them a little wave. Chloe gestured a spoon going to her mouth to suggest they were going to eat. 
“They don’t seem to understand union rules,” Chloe said to Kaitlyn.
It took too long for Pan to say goodbye to all his admirers.
“Ah, now that was a meal,” Pan said after his last companion left. He pulled his cap from his belt and reshaped it. “I will speak to your host.” After exchanging a few words at the head table, he came back to them.
“It is arranged. I shall escort you to town for an hour to hear a concert of traveling musicians.” He put his cap on.
“We’re going to a concert?” Kaitlyn said eagerly. 
Pan smiled and put out his elbows to each of the girls to take. “Shall we?” On the way out the door, Pan took a lighted torch from its sconce on the wall.
Ignoring all the people milling about in the evening air of Dunnottar, Pan and the girls left the fortress and descended the headland. Once they got to the flat plains, they walked west for a bit then turned north.
“Can’t we go faster?” Chloe asked. “Where are we going? What do we have to do to go?”
“When does the concert start?”
“We are meeting someone I’ve arranged to help us. We are not due at the rendezvous until midnight.”
“That’s a late show,” Kaitlyn said.
“Kaitlyn, there’s no show. That was just a story to get us out. We’re going home. Right Pan?”
“Remember when we talked about the alternative path to your own time?”
Kaitlyn nodded and Chloe said, “Yes?” in a question.
“With this other way, you have to be willing to go.”
“Of course I’m willing to go. That’s all I’ve wanted since we got here. Yes!”
“Okay, I just needed to make certain. And you, too?” he asked Kaitlyn.
She hesitated. 
“Of course her too.”
Kaitlyn looked at Chloe like she wasn’t completely convinced. She asked Pan, “Since we can’t go the way we came, then which way are we going?”
“The Corridor is not the only dimension. There are other ones, you know.”
“No, I don’t really.”
“It’s fine, Kaitlyn. He’s going to take us back. It’s fine.”
“Okay, if you say so. It just seems…I mean…why didn’t Horace ever go into those different dimensions?”
“Oh, do not waste time fretting, my dear one. He has been in places other than the Corridor plenty. He was just keeping those secrets to himself.”
They walked on in silence for a time, depending on Pan’s torch to light their way. 
“How far to where we are going?”
“About three kilometers.”
That didn’t help. Chloe didn’t know how far three kilometers was. 
When they reached a forest, Pan led them off the main road and onto a smaller side road. The thick trees flickered in the torchlight, making shadows that brought the deep forest to life.
Far away, a faint light glowed deep inside the thick trees and Chloe focused her eyes on it. As they got closer, it became a campfire. Someone was sitting next to it, and several smaller flames were lit, too.
“I need to put on a mask to hide my identity,” Pan said. “Do not be alarmed. It is part of the ceremony.” He pulled a mask from the sack slung over his shoulder. It was a hideous hammered silver mask. A horn came out of the center of the forehead and another below that. Though there were eye slits, layers of metal surrounded them, bugged out and creepy. The mouth was a terrible scowl. Chloe didn’t want to look at it. Kaitlyn had already turned away.
Pan pushed their backs to propel them along. “Keep going.” A couple more turns in the path, one long stretch, and they were there. A woman with a scarf draped over her head and face sat at the fire. A circle of smaller fires surrounded her and the center fire. An odd smell thickened the air and each of the flames glowed a different color.
“Ah, at last,” she said. “Enter the circle and prepare to travel.”
CHAPTER 51

Billy had been inside the jail, detained for hours. Horatius sat on the ground leaning against the building’s wall, around the corner from the front entrance. He’d finally had to slip off the mount, certain if he didn’t do it soon of his own accord, he’d be on the ground anyway. He had eased himself down off the mule as gently as he could, which mostly left him falling with a thud to the hard earth. Without the strength to get up and walk, he had remained by the building where he’d collapsed.
Horatius didn’t know what to do. He was at a total loss. He couldn’t move on his own, he couldn’t talk to Billy, he couldn’t even find out where Panahasi planned to meet the woman for the Escort. If he had, what could he do about it anyway?
The mule had wandered off somewhere, his wineskin with it. Thirst and hunger added to his misery. He watched a cricket totter across the ground next to him. The thing was organic material already. It would not take much power to transmute it into a chicken leg or pork chop. How much worse a state could he sink to anyway? He might as well at least try.
He closed his eyes and concentrated. He couldn’t connect to the particles of the insect. Perhaps he would just have to eat the cricket as it was. When he reopened his eyes, the bug was on its same trek, completely unaware of the attention it was getting.
When it was ready to disappear into the grass, Horatius flicked it back next to him so it wouldn’t be gone too soon. Horatius didn’t want to be alone. 
While Horatius pestered the bug, a sound interrupted the night’s silence. He looked up, straining through the darkness to make out what it was. A dark mass that was not quite as dark as the air around it moved down the road. From its hoof fall and muzzle noises, by all indications, it was his mule.
“Mule, come here!” Horatius commanded. “Beth! Bethesda. Get over here.” Then he called it several offensive names, saying what he thought of it for wandering off.
“There you are.” A man carrying a small torch came from around a corner and caught up with the mule. It was their Good Samaritan, Vicar John. He took hold of the mule’s tether. 
“Vicar,” Horatius said. “I am over here. Can you help me?”
“I thought I heard your voice. What are you doing on the ground? Have you worsened again?”
“I can’t get up. They took the boy. Called him a thief, when it was that low down—” He stopped himself before he said the vulgar words he really wanted to say. “A merchant cheated us out of our purchase and said the boy stole it. Billy is being held inside.”
“When Beth returned to my stable without you, I thought I had better find what had become of you. I shall go see what I can do.” He tied the mule to a nearby shrub and left for the main entrance.
Horatius was left alone again, the cricket safely gone into the grass. But there was the mule that munched on the shrub as though it had not abandoned him earlier. Though Horatius had to concede, it was probably a good thing. It brought the vicar back to him.
He needed to get that sacrifice done so he could find the girls and Panahasi before it was too late. He eyed the mule. Maybe his first thought about killing it was not such a bad idea. If I just make sure I have a good attitude about it. If he broke the curse, he wouldn’t need the beast anymore anyway.
He fingered the knife in his belt when more footsteps sounded. This time lighter and quieter than before. Who would be out so late but those up to no good?
He watched from his dark perch by the building as a glow of light grew on the ground in the road. When the person walked into sight, lighted by the yellow flame on the end of her stick, Horatius recognized her. The goat woman who’d mistaken him for Panahasi.
She had to be on her way to the rendezvous. He had to follow her. Which he realized in an instant was a ridiculous thought. He could not even stand up. He needed the vicar to come back immediately and see where she went.
He thought of pounding on the wall, but that had gotten him nowhere for hours earlier. Maybe if he figured out a way to untie the mule, it could ride by the front entrance and catch the vicar’s attention.
He lifted a stone to toss toward the mule when the vicar rounded the corner.
“What took so long?” But then Billy came running past the vicar and jumped onto Horatius. 
“Are you okay?” Billy asked.
Horatius wrapped his arms around him and held him close. “I am. What about you? They didn’t hurt you, did they?”
“Nay. The magistrate was kind enough. He was just doing what he had to.”
Though he disagreed mightily and wished to pummel the ears of everyone involved, Horatius held his tongue and savored the feeling of holding him close and having Billy’s little arms locked around his neck.
“Thank you,” he said to the vicar, who nodded back.
“They would not let me keep the dove,” Billy said when he finally released his grip and sat back on Horatius’ lap. “What will we do?”
“You need to do something now. Quickly. I just saw the sorceress who is going to help Panahasi take the girls. We need to know where they are meeting.”
Before he could say more, Billy vaulted off his lap and dashed into the street. He turned and gestured to Horatius that he could see her and for Horatius to wait there.
“Is that safe?” the vicar asked. “He is just a lad.”
“Not just a lad, but quite a lad. He will be all right. As soon as he sees where she goes, he will come back and fetch us.”
“I dinna think I can be a part of sorcery and such things.”
“I know, I know. I can’t ask that of you. But before you go, could you help me back onto the beast? Then I will ask no more of you. Getting Billy out is more than I can thank you for.”
With plenty of pushing, pulling, and a bit more swearing than any vicar would want to hear, the two of them got Horatius back on the mule.
The vicar left and Horatius rode the mule slowly in the direction Billy had gone. It seemed an eternity before he came sprinting back up the road.
“I followed her. She is setting up some kind of circle of fire, muttering all kinds of infernal charms as she does. We dinna have time to find another dove. The lasses willna be long in coming, I am certain.” He grabbed the mule’s harness and tugged the beast into a pace they had never achieved before, though it was still too slow for Horatius’ liking.
“She is in the woods, among the trees. You canna see her from the road,” Billy said as he guided them onto a new road edging a forest. 
They came to a place that didn’t look any different from the rest of the wood, but Billy turned and plunged straight in among the trees. They moved deeper and deeper into the darkness, moving much slower to avoid running into trees or tripping over roots. Horatius raised his arm to protect his face from the unseen branches that stung his cheeks with scrapes and pokes.
Far away, the sound of voices drifted to them through the trees. In only moments, they would have the girls.
CHAPTER 52

Pan pressed his hand on the small of Chloe’s back and pushed with enough pressure to move her forward into the circle of fire. Fear danced at the edges of her emotions, but she was determined not to give in to it. She had to get home. No matter what it took or what she had to face.
Kaitlyn must have been afraid, too, because she took hold of her hand and gripped tighter than usual. Her hand was clammy and shaking.
“Kneel,” the woman said. “Come in close to the center flame and kneel.”
Pan kept pressing against her back until she was so close she could have stepped into the fire. She wanted to tell him he could stop pushing, but she was afraid to speak.
She lowered herself to the ground and Kaitlyn did the same, stooping so close she was nearly sitting on Chloe.
Pan sat on her other side, wedged in tight. The pressure of Kaitlyn and Pan on either side helped her tremble less.
The woman scrutinized their group. “Let us begin.”  She waved her hands in lazy circles through the smoke coming off the fire and murmured quiet words that made no sense to Chloe. Then she said to both girls, “The summoned spirit must not know who is here with you. Do not utter his name. Do not even think it or your thoughts will be heard and those you wish not to appear will come.”
The woman stretched her arms out at her sides. “Take my hands and join the circle.” 
Kaitlyn and Pan scooted away from Chloe to reach around the fire to hold her hands. The space made between them left her vulnerable and frightened. Pan’s hand was warm, rough, and huge. Chloe didn’t like holding it. Suddenly, she didn’t know him. His touch was too intimate. It was all too much. Panic sped up her heart and her breathing. She turned to tell him she was nervous, that she was having second thoughts, but then that horrific mask looked back at her, the flames’ reflection flicking in its silver surface, and froze the words before they came out.
She couldn’t have second thoughts. She had to go through with this. She’d resigned herself to the fact they wouldn’t be traveling through the beautiful Corridor. Where they were going was sure to be full of scary things, like Pan’s mask and the woman’s voice coming from behind the scarf.
The woman chanted more strange words, and her voice rose in pitch and force. Chloe tried to empty her mind so she wouldn’t think of Pan’s name. Or Horace. Or anything else—like Horace’s father’s name. She did not want to think of him. Or ever see him again.
She looked over at Kaitlyn, who clung to her hand like she was dangling from a cliff. Tears rolled down her cheeks and she looked away from the fire, away from the woman casting spells, away from everything.
“Kaitlyn—” Chloe whispered, but then a sudden explosion of flame shot up out of the center of the fire, with a horrible blast of noise. Chloe and Kaitlyn both jumped. Kaitlyn still refused to look. She stared away into the trees.
Above the fire, churning matter and purple smoke formed into some kind of creature. When the mass finally came into focus, Chloe recognized what it was, the same kind of being that had chased them through the sky shooting flames at them.
“Who dares summon me?” the booming voice of the purple being demanded.
If she had any fear, the woman hid it well. She turned directly toward the face of the being.
“You have been called to escort Unexpired Humans through the realm of the Prince.”
The being seethed in the air above the fire, looking at each of them around the flames.
“A Nephil. With clipped wings. Do you wish to restore your place? Is that what this is about?”
Pan spoke a few words in an ancient language, like what Horace used before. The being boomed back at him, and they conversed for a time. Kaitlyn’s cold hand quivered.
Pan stood and pulled Chloe next to him, grasping her shoulder in his giant hand. Then he pulled Kaitlyn over, but she resisted and planted her feet to keep from moving closer.
“Come on, Kaitlyn. It’s time to go. We’re going home,” Chloe said.
Kaitlyn finally looked at her, streams pouring down her cheeks. She spoke just to Chloe. “This isn’t right. I don’t want to do this.”
“We can’t quit now. We have to go home,” Chloe pleaded. “We have to go save Benji.”
Pan grabbed Chloe around the waist and snatched her off her feet. With the sudden jolt, she screamed, and her scream made Kaitlyn scream.
“She is willing. We go now!” Pan said.
CHAPTER 53

They were following a growing glow among the trees when they heard the screams. Billy shot off in the direction of the shrieks, but then he stopped himself and came back to get the mule and Horatius.
“Come on, Beth,” he said. “You have to move like you never have afore.” He pulled against the harness, stretching it away from the mule’s head, and the mule picked up its pace. The path curved a couple of times and then they came into view.
A demon floated above a fire. Horatius recognized him—Charon, a demon lower than his father who was known for his devious deal making. 
Panahasi stood below Charon holding Chloe, who did not seem to be struggling like Horatius would have expected, and Kaitlyn was backed against a tree outside of the circle of flames. The sorceress looked to be in a trance sitting beside the fire.
Charon and Panahasi were speaking in the ancient tongue.
Panahasi said, “Then we will go with the one offering. She is still willing. Take us to the Prince and you will surely gain favor as well.”
“Reveal your identity then. How will I know you are not setting me up? If your wings are clipped by order of the Prince, who am I to give you entrance to his realm?”
“I swear to you, I am here because of a feud with my father, not the Prince. As long as my father does not know, I will get to the Prince and he will overrule my banishment.”
“Who is your father?”
“I cannot say. He would hear your thoughts and come. You know that.”
Horatius yelled out in the ancient tongue, “Do not let him deceive you. Panahasi cannot return to the lower realm.” He prodded the mule to take him to the edge of the circle.
“Ah,” Charon laughed. “Another. What is this? A Nephilim reunion? And Panahasi is behind that mask? I know your father. Sat—” 
“No! Do not utter his name. Do not even think it. Let me return and I will give you whatever you ask. I will serve you, as I once served my father.”
Charon grinned. Of course he liked that. He was not powerful enough to have henchmen. He was a servant himself.
Rage stiffened Panahasi’s posture. “You are not the favored son anymore!” he yelled at Horatius. “I will win the favor you forever stole from me and have since thrown away.”
“Whatever your scheme, it will not work as you think. It cannot.”
Panahasi changed to English. “Get away from here. You only brought harm to these girls and destroyed their lives. I will take them back. Can you not even walk of your own volition? You are dependant on a lowly beast to be your legs? How would you ever help them anyway?”
“Chloe, don’t listen to him. I will help you. We will find a way. He intends only evil for you. He is not going to take you—“
“Enough,” Charon boomed. “I have decided. I will take you.”
“Then take us already!” Panahasi said.
Horatius grabbed his sword and swiped at Panahasi. But the mule held him just out of reach. He kicked at it, but it wouldn’t move any closer.
Panahasi dropped Chloe and whipped out his sword. He charged at Horatius. It came so fast. He couldn’t move out of the way. Panahasi’s sword disappeared into his belly. It sank deep and deadly. Out again, blood spurting. Again, twice more. In, out. In, out.
A shrill scream rent the air. Billy ran at Panahasi with his small dagger pulled. Horatius watched from his perch. He couldn’t move. Couldn’t shake off the shock. Stunned. Paralyzed. Unable to speak. Unable to warn Billy to stay back. Billy, no!
Panahasi backhanded Billy off like a fly. His slack body sailed outside the circle of flame and crashed on the forest floor. Stay down. But he shook off the shock and charged again. Horatius could not speak Run away. As fast as you can! He could not stop Billy when he saw Panahasi’s face change from amused to irritated to deadly. He could not do anything to warn Billy not to go near Panahasi. He could only sit frozen. And bleeding. And slipping away. Watching Billy throw himself once again at Panahasi.
And when he did, Panahasi lifted his sword, waited till just the right moment when Billy came in close, and he crashed it down. It hit Billy’s shoulder. Cut past his collar bone. Into his rib cage, breaking ribs, piercing his lung.
Billy’s charge stopped. Panahasi yanked the sword from his tiny torso. Billy stood a moment, teetering, then dropped to the forest floor.
“Now!” Panahasi yelled to Charon, and the demon swept down, snatched up Panahasi and Chloe, and disappeared.
CHAPTER 54

The dimensions ripped past Chloe and made her sick. Or maybe the dread nauseated her. What had she just witnessed? Her mind was numb. Had she just seen Pan stab both Horace and a young boy? Were they trying to save her?
But there was no time to process any of it. The second they’d plunged out of the forest and into a different realm, the fear took on a new, solid intensity. It was like she was spinning on a malfunctioning amusement ride and they wouldn’t let her off. And the voices were back, telling her how alone and worthless she was. That was the most frightening. 
But she’d weather it. She had to. She’d make herself cope. She tried to talk against the voices, just like Horace had told her she could do. Leave me alone. She would will herself through this because she had to get home, home to her family. She had to save them. Even if she was completely alone. Even if Horace was dead.
When they punched through a final barrier, their speed—or whatever leaping through dimensions was—dramatically slowed. The light was dim and murky. Chloe stared and concentrated, trying to figure out what she saw.
In front of them was an enormous rusty gate. It was anchored in two worn stone pillars at least four stories high. The gate reached from the ground all the way up to where they flew. It was wide open and they passed easily through it.
Chloe coughed when the heavy air hit her in the face. It was murky, brown, visibly dirty, contaminating her lungs. The sky lacked a sun and the horizon was blurred with no distinction between ground and sky. It was as though the light had never been fully separated from the darkness, the sky not separated from the land. 
Below them was some sort of gated community. They were flying above a suburb, the kind with ostentatious houses too large for any one family to ever need. But they were ugly, gaudy, and dull. Run down and unkempt, they looked abandoned. The colorless landscape and buildings looked like charcoal, as though all pigment had been burned away.
Countless lanterns hung from leafless, lank trees along roads and sidewalks. Even though there were hundreds of them, their sepia light couldn’t penetrate the thick air. Dread choked her as much as the floating filth. This was nothing like the Corridor where she’d flown with Horace.
A high-pitched ringing felt like an ice-pick in her ears. And dogs barked. Constantly. On the ground below them, huge mongrels were chained in every yard, barking, howling, yelping. One had an extra leg coming from its broad, thick chest. Another had a partially formed twin attached and flopping at one shoulder. Their heads were massive and square with bulging, watery eyes, most of them on the sides of their heads like fish. She was close enough to see their vicious teeth and snarling snouts, and the slime dripping from their tongues. She lifted her legs on impulse, afraid they’d catch her feet in their greedy jaws.
“They will not bite,” Pan said. Then he laughed. “As long as you do not get too close.”
“Where are we?”
“On our way to Denver,” Pan said. “Just like I told you.”
She was relieved to hear him say it. Because this route was unbearable. She coughed again, her lungs strangling on smut.
“You will get used to it,” Pan said.
But she didn’t want to get used to it. She didn’t intend to be there long enough to get used to it. They were just passing through, just bearing it long enough to get outside of time and reenter, back in Denver where she belonged.
An explosion of purple light burst in the air and churned over a house two mansions away. The being holding them stopped so quickly, it hurt Chloe’s back. 
“Ah, Satarel,” the spirit hollered at him. “I thought we might be seeing you.”
Just hearing his name froze Chloe’s blood.
Satarel ignored the demon carrying them and exhaled blue fire.
“What are you doing here?” he roared at Pan after he breathed out the dragon fire. “You do not have clearance to be here!”
“I gave him clearance,” their Escort said. “We have an errand. Do not hinder us.”
“I would have come to you, if you’d accepted me,” Pan said in a weak voice that sounded nothing like him.
“She is mine. I am her Watcher,” Satarel yelled. “Give her to me.”
The Escort laughed a sound devoid of joy. Chloe shrunk into herself, trying to disappear. 
“I want to go home,” she squeaked. “Can I go home now?”
The Escort and Satarel laughed together. But then Satarel turned his deadly gaze back onto Pan. He pulled a flaming ball out of nowhere and hurled it at them. The Escort threw up an arm, which somehow had a shield in it, and deflected the missile.
“Do not start a battle with me,” the Escort said. “Save your hatred for better use, someone not in the Brethren.”
Satarel puffed up like a wild animal and roared. He charged at Pan, who only had time to let out a low sob. The Escort released Pan and moved aside, taking Chloe with him.
Satarel hit Pan with the impact of a train and swept him up, the two tumbling head over feet through the dirty air several times, losing altitude and hitting the sides of houses as they spun. They bounced around like a ball in a pinball machine. Dogs leapt from each yard trying to bite them. Then a purple light flashed and they disappeared.
They reappeared in a distant location in the murky sky. They shot through the air, thundering and swearing, locked in a hold as they hurled by.
“He’s pulling his punches,” said the demon holding Chloe. She was sure he wasn’t speaking to her. Then he yelled like he was cheering ringside. “Kill him already, Satarel. What are you waiting for?”
Pan let out an agonizing scream and plunged into the dirt many feet below Satarel. He landed just out of reach of several beastly canines, each of which strained against its chain to reach Pan and rip him to pieces. 
“Yield to me,” Satarel demanded.
A demon stuck his purple head out of a third story window of the house not far from where Pan lay in a heap. “Shut up already. Go kill each other in someone else’s yard.” And he slammed the window with enough force to rattle all the glass in the whole house.
Pan staggered to his feet, avoiding the jaws of the snarling dogs. “I will never yield to you,” he yelled. “You banished and cursed me.”
“You let Horatius get away. You usurped me! How could I overlook that?”
Pan hesitated but then found courage and blustered with, “I will only surrender to the Prince.”
“Uh-oh,” the demon holding Chloe said.
Before Chloe could worry what that meant, the air in front of them churned and moaned, sucking the air away like a vacuum. A web of electrical currents shot through the air, pulsating and snapping the dust particles.
Before Chloe could see what it was, the demon holding her bent in half, taking her with him, turning her upside-down. Pan was on the ground, also bent in half with his face nearly in the dirt.
The demon holding her rose back up and she was once again upright. In front of them pulsated the being she had seen before. When Horace had nearly died in the ocean. He was the purple demon who fought against the white angels. He was the one who led the demons.
His voice was lush, yet excruciating. It drowned out the ice-pick piercing her eardrums, but it penetrated her ears with deep vibrations that forged a knot of anxiety in the center of her soul.
“Someone wishes to surrender unto me?”
Pan was still bowed deeply on the ground among the barking dogs. “If I must choose between my father and you, I will always choose you. And I brought you an Unexpired Human.” He looked up and gestured toward Chloe.
Suddenly she knew. They weren’t taking her to Denver. They’d never intended to. Benji and Nana and Michelle and Mom would all die now. They’d been lying to her all along.
“That’s right,” the Prince said to her in a mocking voice. “ ‘Liar, liar’ we always say. It’s our specialty. One of the many.” He pointed his finger at Pan and Pan levitated into the air until his elevation matched the Prince’s. “You wish to follow and serve me anew? I will accept your fealty. You can destroy in my name.”
“He is my son,” Satarel said. “May I deal with him?”
“I decide the fate of all who come here. Do not presume to be so arrogant. Not in front of me. If I say he dies and suffers, then so be it.” He grabbed Chloe’s arm and yanked her from the other demon’s grasp. He let her dangle out away from himself like he didn’t want to be soiled by her. “If I wish to make her my slave or kill her with one thousand deaths, you have no say.” Sparks sprayed from his mouth.
Absolute terror spread through Chloe’s arteries like injected poison. It started where he touched her and it seeped through her body in a strange intensity, then changed to something worse. It spread and obliterated every good thought, every iota of optimism. The new sensation left her bereft and hopeless. All at once, she didn’t care anymore. She couldn’t control it or fight it. She didn’t want to live anymore. Her passion to get back home died. Snuffed out like smothering a candle. She just wanted everything to end.
Hoping she would soon be dead, she let go of thought. Her thoughts didn’t exist.
Then from somewhere deep inside her, words bubbled to the top of her empty mind. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow—
“Stop that!” the Prince screamed as he threw her back at the other demon like she’d burned him. His voice rattled every lantern in the vicinity. “Not here! Not in my world.” To the Escort he said, “Charon, you had to bring me an Unexpired Human who thinks words that belong to They?”
Charon bowed again, turning Chloe sideways to bend low enough. “I did not realize she had it in her. I did not intend to offend.” 
When he stood back up, Pan and Satarel had their heads down, as though the Prince’s anger was too much to see.
“Panahasi, look up at me.” He turned his face upward. He looked as fearful as she had been feeling. “I have not yet decided that I want you around me. Perhaps you would do better to be stranded again somewhere with the weak humans.”
Pan trembled and shook his head.
“Silence,” the Prince said before Pan even uttered a response. “Satarel, go away. I don’t want you pestering me.” He threw his hand out and Satarel vanished like a small black hole sucked him in. “And I don’t want this human around if she spews that which I don’t want to hear. Charon, take them both to the holding area until I decide their fate. I grow weary of all this. It may just be best to eradicate them both.”
The air shimmered and electricity once again flashed out in spidery veins and the Prince disappeared.
Charon said, “Well, well. Now I have one-and-a-half humans to use for my own benefit. Perhaps the Prince will forget about you and let me keep you for my own amusement.”
Pan said, “I will give you my fealty, just let me have my power back and I will do anything you wish.”
Charon laughed. “You are coming with me. And no powers until I decide. I might prefer you in this state. It makes things much more fun.”
The demon tucked Chloe under one arm and lifted Pan by his shirt. And she didn’t care at all. She just hoped it would be over soon.
CHAPTER 55

Horatius slid off the mule and fell onto the ground not far from Billy. He pulled himself through the leaves and twigs and gathered Billy’s bleeding body into his arms. Oh, his tiny broken form! He had plans to be his father. They were going to have a life together and he would watch him grow up, giving him all the love he never had himself.
Billy opened his glassy eyes and looked up to Horatius.
“Meant…to kill him. For what…he did.”
“Ah, Billy. Lad,” Horatius had trouble speaking himself, the life draining out with the fluids spilling from his wound. His blood mixed with Billy’s and glistened in the firelight. “I am so sorry, son. I can’t even ask you to forgive me.” He brushed the hair from Billy’s eyes, which shut again. “I had such dreams for us.”
Kaitlyn almost fell on them when she stumbled over. “What can I do? Can I help you?” she said through sobs and tears. “Should I put pressure…somewhere?” She looked at their wounds and the horror on her face told Horatius she would never be able to stop any of the bleeding. She looked as lost as she was—in the wrong century and with her best friend taken away. And now her last hope of a savior was dying in front of her. 
Kaitlyn closed her eyes. When she reopened them, her expression had cleared. She put her hand on Billy’s head, the only place not covered in blood. “You aren’t alone, little one. Billy.” She looked up to Horatius as if to confirm she called him by the right name. “I will stay with you.” She reached over and took Horatius’ hand into her own. “I’ll stay with you too, Horace. As long as you need.”
“Cold,” Billy said. “Hard…to breathe.” 
Kaitlyn stroked his forehead. “Heaven is beautiful, Billy. I saw it. I know. You won’t be cold there. And you’ll breathe music. It’s in the air. It’s the most beautiful thing you’ll ever hear or feel. Peace washes over you like sunshine. Everything you could ever hope for is there.”
Horatius took Billy’s hand. “Billy?”
Billy’s eyes flickered open.
“What can I do? Your forgiveness would be…so…” It is too selfish to ask. “I…love you. Like my own son. Proud to be your da.”
Billy smiled a tiny weak grin, showing the new space and the rest of his baby teeth. He reached his tiny hand to Horatius’ face and laid his palm against his cheek. 
“Dinna worry…about forgiveness. ’Tis like love. Already there. No need…to try so hard.”
Billy brushed against his whiskers twice, then his arm fell slack and his face relaxed. His last breath seeped out in a slow leak. The blood pulsing out his wound slowed and stopped.
Kaitlyn used the edge of her skirt to wipe away the blood splattered onto Billy’s cheek. “He tried to save you,” she said. “His tiny little self thrown against that horrid giant. He really loved you.” She moved his arm into a natural position and straightened his tunic.
Then she looked up and screamed.
The witch stood over Horace, a scythe raised high. Her eyes were evil, purple glowing in their depths. The curved blade dropped and fell on Horace’s neck.
When it touched his skin, the air exploded in yellow light, igniting the trees around them in brilliance like a bomb had gone off. A howl like Kaitlyn had never heard, part human, part supernatural, bent the trunks by its power. Horace stood tall and majestic, glowing and throbbing in energy, chasing away all the darkness from the forest. He grabbed the sickle out of the possessed witch’s hand. With a single stroke, he chopped off her head. It dropped with a hollow crunch onto the thick leaves.
Kaitlyn’s scream stalled in her throat and turned to a whimper. The eyes were still open, staring back up at her. They blinked. It was too unreal. Too horrible to process.
Horace kneeled down and laid one hand on Billy’s head and the other on his stomach. He closed his eyes only a second, then dropped his head like all was lost. Then he swept up to his full height. “Stay with Billy. I have to go after Panahasi.”
He was talking to her. What had he said?
“Stay here?” 
He grabbed her by the shoulders. “I don't want Billy left alone. You have to stay! Satarel will be here in seconds. I have to go! I can't…. You must stay here. I don't want him left alone. There are wild animals. I must follow Panahasi!”
“But I can’t stay. Not here.” The eyes, watery and shimmering with Horace’s golden light, kept looking at her. They blinked again. Kaitlyn inched closer to Horace, trying to get farther from the head and its stare.
“There is no other option. I can't take you.”
“You can’t leave me!”
“I must. I must go now.”
“But—” 
“There is no time for this.”
“Will you come back for me?”
“I will. Just wait here. Stay with him. You will not even be aware of time passing. And I will be back. Now pray. Pray with all your might that the Celestials hold off Satarel.”
All his light collapsed inward, leaving nothing, and he disappeared. But she wasn’t ready for him to go. After his radiance, the one small circle of yellow firelight wasn’t enough. 
At least in the dim light now the eyes were barely visible, yellow and drooping. With the very tips of her finger and thumb she picked up the edge of the scarf that was still partially wrapped around the head and tossed it over the face.
She knelt back down next to the boy but didn’t touch him again. She had never touched a dead body before. For a moment, it looked like his chest was moving, up and down, like he was breathing again. It can’t be true. Not with his chest open like that. Though he was gone, it was almost a comfort to be next to him. Better than totally alone in the vast forest, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the wrong century.
Horace said he would be back. Before she knew any time had passed.
She waited.
But time passed.
She waited some more. Hopefully, he would reappear. Any second. She was feeling time pass, even though he promised she wouldn’t. If he didn’t delay another minute that would be good. Please come back, Horace.
What if Satarel had stopped him? He’d said to pray to hold off Satarel. She could do that. It would be easier than waiting, feeling time, doing nothing. So she started praying. She asked the Celestials to keep Satarel away. She asked that Chloe be kept safe. And she asked that Horace wouldn’t kill Panahasi. Because she knew that’s what he intended to do. It was in his eyes.
She prayed with all her might, like she’d never prayed before. She even stopped noticing the dead boy next to her and how much time was passing without Horace returning.
CHAPTER 56

Horatius transported into a different dimension, blasting into existence with a force so powerful, the atmosphere cracked and boomed like the inside of a thunderhead.
He took flight and shot through the thick, greasy air feeling as though any second he would lose control. The burning fury against Panahasi obscured the feelings that were trying to rear up and tear his insides out. As long as he focused on killing Panahasi, he could keep from thinking about what had just happened.
He roared as he zoomed through a dim cavern, zipping around stalagmites and stalactites that filled the cave like fangs. The rock shook with the energy he released as he rocketed through the space. The cavern sloped steeply and Horatius plunged deeper, rattling the mineral spikes in his reckless descent.
So overcome with murderous rage, he stopped moving around the conical formations and blasted right through them without desubstantiating himself. He wanted to feel and absorb the impact of crashing through the rock. Each collision obliterated all emotions for a moment, distracting his mind from the pain that kept screaming at him to notice, to feel, to acknowledge.
In spite of thoughts too thick to process, something broke through the turmoil in his mind. He listened between the crashes of his body through the stone then desubstantiated so he could hear.
He finally got control of his senses and listened in to the Celestial Chatter and heard Satarel’s ferocious approach into the caverns of Hades, tracking him toward the Gates.
He was not about to let Satarel interfere with his vengeance. He blasted forward with renewed determination. The cavern opened up above the first level of hell, and he burst into the sky above it as though the cavern had birthed him into this new realm. Ahead were the gray mansions that mimicked the most pretentious suburbs of earth, each home created to outdo the next. But none of it was right. No beauty existed, no color, no illumination. When Lucifer had taken occupation of the realm and filled it with his trappings, he could not make matter from nothing. An entire realm couldn't be created by what little matter existed there. Everything was a perverse echo of Creation. It was not good.
A high iron fence surrounded the gray neighborhood, its front gate yawning wide, allowing admission to any who would enter. Horatius swooped in, listening for Charon’s location so he could find Panahasi. He heard an echo of them just as Satarel’s thoughts shot through his brain. He was nearly to the entrance Horatius had just passed.
He flew over his father’s house where he’d had his own bedroom. He skipped the roof and landed in his old room. He transfigured to human form and stood still, listening for indications of Satarel’s entrance. His former belongings still sat on a shelf against the wall, as though he had not been gone. A faded picture of his mother hung on the wall. A dusty weapon he’d won in an ancient boxing tournament was next to a shofar he’d taken as a trophy off the body of a priest he’d killed. Those were the days when life was simple. 
In the still silence, images that he’d suppressed of Billy cut into his brain like shards of glass. Cleaved in two, looking up to him, his hand against Horatius’ cheek, feeling his whiskers one last time. Horatius writhed in pain at the thought, doubling over as though a hot iron had cut into his gut. He struggled to control the emotion, to push it down and regain control.
I will kill Panahasi if it is the last thing I do! So what if the act would undo all his virtuous effort? No longer did redemption or pardon matter. 
The pain receded as he concentrated on a new plan. 
He would rejoin the easy life of a fallen angel where he’d be accepted, where temptation was not a force to worry about. The strife that had plagued his life had only commenced when he had the ridiculous notion that redemption would bring freedom and joy. But real freedom and joy would come with returning to his roots, to relinquishing his will back to the realm that was comfortable, to the realm that would not pain his soulless heart.
Formulating the new scheme sent the memories of Billy out of his thoughts. Concentrating on hate was the way to stay sane. 
Once again taking on the ecstasy of transfiguration, he metamorphosed into his angelic form, elevated past the roof, and shot toward the lower caverns where Charon was taking Panahasi and Chloe. Speed would be his only hope. As he tore toward Charon’s location, he’d make sure he sent thoughts to Satarel that he was ready to rejoin his family.
Within moments, Satarel was on him. Balls of flame blew past him, one grazing his ear, another his foot. 
I want back, Satarel. Father. He needed to convince him he was truly repentant of his betrayal, at least long enough to get to Panahasi and kill him. I should never have left.
Satarel roared obscenities into his mind.
I will do whatever you want to make it up to you. I have one thing to do, then I am yours. He didn’t care what happened after that. As long as Panahasi was wiped from existence.
“You think it so easy to undo your treachery?” Satarel screamed back. “How could you have betrayed me so? After all I had done for you.” He was right behind him, and Horatius heard him audibly. But the balls of flame had stopped for the moment, so maybe he was listening.
They were back in submerged caverns, descending deeper into the dimension, dropping toward the core of the realm where Lucifer kept his own mansion. Satarel kept on his heels.
“You left me!”
“I should not have left.”
Satarel passed him, flew in front of him, and turned around to face him as they continued to plunge down into the depths of the cavern. “But you did.”
“I am sorry that I did.”
“Forgiveness is not my specialty.”
“I will make it up to you.”
“That may not be possible.”
“I will vow my allegiance to you.”
“What can you even do to prove your intent?” 
“I will kill for you.” He pictured Chloe and Panahasi. Satarel would see his thoughts.
“Ah, you would kill the girl,” he said. Satarel turned forward again and led them on. “That might be a start.” 
The anger Horatius was trying to control got a hold of him and he thought of killing Panahasi, and Satarel heard it.
“Not Panahasi, too. That would be too easy for him. He tried to usurp me. He betrayed me even worse than you did. He must continue to exist so he can suffer.”
Satarel swooped low and around a petrified pillar where a stalactite had united with a stalagmite. Horatius followed right behind, cutting through the same air. 
They passed through a narrowing in the cavern, where the ceiling was near the floor, connected by an increased network of mineral icicles. It was like the old days when they flew together in perfect synchrony. Liquid oozed out of the emulated rock above them and dripped to the ground, leaving fetid pools of slime. The substance was unstable and frequently erupted into small flames and putrid smoke.
Another image of Billy tried to push into Horatius’ thoughts, but he pushed it back. Instead, he concentrated on how familiar it felt to fly with Satarel, how comfortable and easy it was to fall back into the old pattern. So many battles and adventures and escapades they’d experienced together. He could do it again. He would do it again, if that would allow him the revenge he sought.
The cavern opened once again and the duo burst forth into a new level of hell. Below another subdivision sprawled out before them. It was darker and murkier, the light separated less, leaving a veil of shadow over the realm. The air stank worse than the previous level, smoldering and popping with sparks and noise, rendered unstable from its inferior genesis. Horatius zeroed in on the cave along craggy hills outside of the suburb. Charon was inside, descending lower to the next level. Satarel flew toward it and Horatius followed.
The dark cave was among many passageways that filled the cliffs bordering the suburb. Horatius knew they were almost to Charon, who was moving downward fast. He had to catch them before they reached the Prince.
They rounded a bend and came upon Charon. They pulled up to a stop and hovered in the air, not touching down on the molten floor. Their group had stopped and Panahasi was standing away from him, trying not to step in a puddle of smoking slime, arguing about something.
Chloe was in Charon’s grasp, her feet and arms dangling like a puppet with its strings clipped. Horatius looked away, unable to stand the hopelessness on her face. 
He willed up the anger, the fury he’d been feeling toward Panahasi and pushed down every other thought. He had to complete his purpose before anything thwarted him. He had to kill Panahasi. If it endangered the girl, so be it. Her life is worth the vengeance. She was already lost anyway. Once past the gates, a human could not go back. That was just the way it was.
“I will take care of him,” Satarel said, putting a restraining hand on Horatius’ chest. I don’t want him dead he thought to him with authority, apparently not interested in letting Panahasi in on the plan to spare his miserable life.
But I do! And Horatius leapt forward, producing a flaming sword in his hand as he did. Satarel jumped in front of him and grabbed Panahasi.
“You will obey me if you intend to prove yourself,” Satarel yelled. “I will deal with your brother.”
“Let me prove myself to you, Satarel. Horatius betrayed you,” Panahasi said.
Satarel lifted Panahasi high, as though he intended to crush him down against the stones. “You failed me!” he roared. “You must be punished.” 
“The Prince instructed me to take him with the girl to the holding area,” Charon said reaching out to grab back Panahasi.
Satarel’s eyes flashed evil anger. “Return to your own level,” and he threw out his hand toward Charon. He disappeared through a dark, collapsing hole. Horatius reached out and grabbed Chloe as she fell through the empty air where Charon had been. He cradled her like a baby. In his arms she was a floppy rag doll. 
Satarel still held Panahasi high in the air in his outstretched hand. “You kill the girl,” Satarel said to Horatius. “I will return to see your loyalty. Then your fate will be determined. Do not disappoint me again.”
A flash filled the dim cavern and Satarel and Panahasi disappeared.
Chloe looked up at Horatius with clouded, dazed eyes. Chloe who’d had such fire and will to return to her family now had only despair and surrender in her expression. The fear and destruction of evil had consumed her. She could not withstand the terror.
He would make it quick and merciful. Then Satarel would come back, Horatius would prove himself, and then he’d go find Panahasi and annihilate him. And to him he would show no mercy.
Chloe roused and reached up to Horatius. She placed her hand on his cheek. Right where the touch of Billy’s hand had left a permanent sensation. He’d been ignoring it, but with Chloe’s hand there, the scene flashed back into his memory. Billy looking up at him, speaking of love and forgiveness. But Horatius had failed Billy. Why did Billy have to die? It replayed again and again in his memory. Billy’s charge, the blade sinking into his little body, him tottering and then collapsing. His last words. His death. He’d done it all to save Horatius. Given his life. 
It suddenly came to Horatius. He had not realized before. Billy had provided everything Horatius needed to live. He’d furnished the pure sacrificial offering to break the curse. 
And now Horatius intended to throw that life away, by taking Chloe’s life—Chloe who he vowed to help—and by destroying his own chance at redemption.
Redemption be damned! Panahasi must pay for what he has done. And Chloe had to die as well. It was too late for her. She, too, was already damned.
A long knife flashed into existence in his hand. The flame burned white hot then became gleaming metal. He would take her head quickly, with the sharpest blade, and not let her suffer. That was what he would do to honor Billy’s memory. Billy would understand. It was what he had to do.
He laid her onto the ground between simmering pools of smoldering slime. She fell into a limp heap, her glassy gaze aimed at nothing. She would not even know. He filled his fist with her hair and put his blade to her throat. “It must be done,” he said.
No need…to try so hard.
“Billy!” He whipped around, looking for him. “Is that you?”
Horatius. The plural voice. They had spoken his name!
What was going on? How could he have heard Billy? Was They speaking to him again, just like the night Satarel and Panahasi almost killed him? Was Billy with They? They’s plural voice rang with such peace and hope. Grace flooded him and melted his rage. He hurled the knife aside and it evaporated before it hit the wall.
He had to get Chloe out of there! But how could he? Once past the gates, she was doomed to stay. There’s no way back through the gates of hell for humans.
He snatched her up and flew again, soaring through the cavern. At that moment Satarel re-entered the realm. He was ahead of them, coming toward them.
That should keep him busy and miserable, Satarel thought. An image of a snowy foxhole somewhere in the 1940s lingered in Satarel’s mind when Horatius listened in.
Horatius reversed and shot away as quickly as he could, closing his mind to all thoughts, using all his might to shut down any emotion, any glimmer of an idea. He plummeted through the cavern, taking Chloe deeper and deeper into the dimension. 
Chloe stirred in his arms. The contact with Horatius was chasing enough of the doom away that her trance was dissipating. He projected a protective field around her and sped up, zooming headlong as the cavern took a sudden spiral downward. Satarel was fast coming on, probably growing suspicious every mile that flew behind them.
Satarel’s voice broke into his mind again, obscenities once again flying at the betrayal he suspected. Flaming balls began flashing past him again. He was far enough away that they were not hitting their mark yet, but they were exploding against the rock teeth around them.
Several caves opened in front of him. Without thought, Horatius plunged into the darkness of one. Not knowing which went where, he just dove. He had to get away from Satarel until he created a plan. His illumination was the only light. Inside, he found more branches in the cave. He chose and entered a new route. They curved around at a frenzy to follow the bend of the cave. Satarel’s audible voice echoed through the chasm.
“I will end you this time!” Satarel’s words echoed. Repeating, overlapping, fading. They bounced around inside the earthen tunnels.
Another tee and Horatius ducked beneath the low entrance of one passage and shot forward. Something caught his eye as he passed. When he looked back, it was gone. For a second he thought Satarel had gotten ahead of them.
The tunnels twisted round and round. They looked the same, maybe going nowhere. The deep caverns were unknown to him. They belonged to the Prince. His mansion lay on the other side of the passages. 
He passed a place again where something caught his side vision. A gleam or glimmer. In the dark, it seemed like a far-off glow. Looking right at it, it was a cold stone cave wall.
Chloe moaned and squirmed in his arms. He shifted her, knowing she couldn’t be comfortable at their speed. The protective field around her weakened. So much energy was needed to negotiate the rotating, twisting tunnels. He could barely keep her from feeling all the pressure.
They passed through another cave entrance. Or was it another? They all look the same. 
They shot through a long straight tunnel, and then took an abrupt curve. 
Satarel was waiting for them.
His face, full of fury, contorted with the rage of eons. Behind them swooped one of Satarel’s henchmen. His flaming sword flickered and splashed light on the dank cave walls. Satarel produced his flaming sword and slashed through Horatius.
He staggered. The power drained from him so abruptly, he could barely stay upright.
“You did not kill her yet?” Satarel said sneering. “Then I will have to. Both of you.”
The flame turned to burnished steel. Its razor edge glimmered purple in the light emanating from Satarel.
Again, something caught Horatius’ eye. He glanced at the wall next to him. And he saw it. A rip in the fabric of the dimension. And on its edges gleamed traces of Shekinah Glory.
He didn’t look back at Satarel. The swoop of Satarel's sword came at him. Horatius fell sideways into the tear.
He and Chloe were pulled into a realm unlike any he’d ever been. They were propelled along a tube of energy, dark at first, but growing in luster as they ascended. Up, up they soared, taken by the power of the passageway, not conveyed by any effort of his own.
The light intensified until they had to squint. Chloe sat up and then stood next to Horatius, held in place by a force with which he was unfamiliar. But it was soothing, and good, and healing. The damage from Satarel’s sword was reversed. The pain of Billy’s death was somehow buffered. The frenzied wrath toward Panahasi was extinguished.
Chloe looked at him and smiled. Her expression had transformed from despair to hope. Her eyes had life like he hadn’t seen in her before.
Horatius basked in the glow of the Shekinah Glory. They had been here. Somehow, They had forged and marked a path out of hell. The path had compelled him toward it, at the same time They spoke to him again. They had saved him once more. New hope for redemption spread through his being, assuring him there would be a way for him to experience grace.
Suddenly, they were out of the tunnel. It delivered them into the Chronos Band and before Horatius could react, they stood on the street in Denver, near where they’d encountered the gang so long ago. His Stetson lay crooked next to a broken bottle in the tall weeds along the sidewalk. He was already changed into his human form. 
Chloe needed to find out if her family was okay, and if not, Horatius would need to do what he could to intercede. Though he could not think of what that might be. If he was still grounded, what could he do? If they were already dead, it would be even worse. Chloe would really need him then.
And though the pain of Billy’s death had been comforted by an amazing peace, he had to go back and correct the wrongs done.
CHAPTER 57

As they walked home, Chloe tentatively grasped Horace’s free hand. His hat was in the other. He looked down at her and winked. His expression was a mixture of tenderness and intimacy.  
He squeezed her hand, and it reassured her. She liked the feel of his huge hand wrapped around hers. She felt safer to have it there.
“It will probably take awhile to process all of that,” he said as they walked along the weedy sidewalk.
Chloe couldn’t help but laugh at his absurd understatement. “I’m going to need therapy you know. Unless you can erase my memory.”
This time he laughed. She wondered what that meant. Maybe amnesia would be the best thing.
“I don’t know what is real,” she said. 
“The kind of experience we have endured can be difficult.” She didn’t know if he was trying to comfort her. It sounded like he was speaking to himself.
Somehow during their flight, for the first time she’d forgotten her family. Now when they came back into her thoughts, worry hit her like a baseball bat. “What about my family? Are we in time to help? Have we returned before the fire?” She let go of Horace’s hand and walked faster.
“I don’t know. Our return was not of my doing.”
Chloe broke into a run before turning the corner to get to her house. The distance was excruciating. Her insides cramped up, her stomach rolled, her heart convulsed. 
She ran and ran. She didn’t know she was the one screaming. But when she found herself collapsed in a heap on the sidewalk in front of her house, she realized the noises were coming from her own throat.
In front of her was what was left of her house. The concrete steps went up to nothing. One flower pot was gone. The other, cracked in two with half shattered on the steps. Beyond the stairs black boards stuck up here and there, their charred remains bubbled and notched by the fire. The smell of ash burned her nose, nearly suffocating her as she gasped for breath through the sobs.
Horace was lifting her to her feet, pulling her into his arms, and letting her scream her grief into his chest.
Then her voice just stopped. She couldn’t express anything. It was too much. She folded up into a thin ribbon and slipped out of his arms. Her legs folded under her and she fell back to the sidewalk and just stared up at the ruins. After a time, she realized Horace was sitting next to her. He didn’t say anything or try to make her talk.
They sat there endlessly. Time was absent. The faces of her family clogged her vision, trapped in the house, burning and exploding.
An old man was standing nearby. She didn’t know how long he’d been there. He held a leash clipped to his terrier’s collar. The brown fur ball was sniffing her knee. She missed the first part of what he said.
“…a shame. What a loss.”
Chloe looked back at the house in silence. She didn’t need him to tell her that.
“It was an amazing fire. Quite frightening. And spectacular. The rest of the block worried our own houses would burst into flame from the heat alone. The smell was awful. Poo-poo Bear was just beside himself, weren’t you Bearzy Wearzy?” He reached down and scratched his dog’s ear. “And the ash and embers. Just everywhere. Look here. Here is some.” He toed a chunk of dry ash in the grass. “It’s all over my porch and begonias.” 
Her nerves were too raw to listen to his voice. She covered her ears with her hands and ducked her head.
“Good thing the family is away.”
“Wait, what?” Chloe reran the muffled words she thought he had said. 
“Oh yes,” he said. “They’ve been on vacation the past week—one of those time shares in Florida. Except the oldest daughter. I heard she’s in Brazil with her school band.”
Vacation? She tried to talk but her tongue was useless. Florida? How could they be in Florida? She looked at Horace for an explanation.
“Yes, three visiting men—I think from that church down the street—gave them the trip,” the man continued. “Said they couldn’t use it themselves. Poo-poo Bear and I were on a walk. The men were just leaving when we passed by.” He pulled back on his dog’s leash so it couldn’t eat any more grass. 
“Do you have a cell phone we could borrow?” Horace asked the man.
“The whole family was screaming with excitement. The mom told me all about it.”
“Cell phone? Do you have one?”
He hesitated.
“I will give you my hat in trade.” Horace held out his Stetson.
The man’s eyes grew wide. “Really? I can have it?” He’d already taken it from Horace and was turning it around, inspecting it.
“Certainly. I have no further use for it. It is nearly new. It might be too large—”
The man put it on and handed over his phone. “Be careful. Don't scratch it.”
Chloe could barely control her fingers as she tried to dial her mother’s cell number. She’d memorized it after the whole mess in Scotland. After retyping it three times, she could finally hit send.
“Mom?” Chloe choked and tears poured down her cheeks again. “Are you okay?”
“What’s wrong?” her mom said.
“Is everyone with you?”
“Sure,” her mom said. “We’re at the airport. We’re coming back a day early.”
“Is Benji with you?”
“Where else would he be?”
“And Michelle?”
“Yes. Chloe, what’s wrong?”
Chloe started sobbing, unable to hold it in. 
“Are you home? Have you been to the house?”
“Yes, Mama, I’m home,” Chloe cried.
“Is it terrible? The fire marshal called last night. It sounds just awful. Oh, they’re boarding. I have to go. We’ll call on our layover.”
“They’re okay,” Chloe said to Horace. “They’re okay!” She jumped into his arms and hugged him.
“Phone?” the man with the dog said with his hand extended. “Careful, that’s my new Pantech phone.” 
Chloe gave it back. The man rubbed her finger prints off on his shirt tail then waited while his dog urinated on the first concrete step. “Come on home, Poo-poo Bear. Let’s go show off our new hatsy watsy.”
“So they weren’t in the house? Was I here? What does this mean?”
“It means Kaitlyn’s prayers were answered. When you depend on those outside of time, anything is possible.”
Chloe gasped. “Where’s Kaitlyn?”
Horace was quiet. 
Chloe pounded him in the chest. “Where! Is! Kaitlyn?”
“I have to go get her.”
“What? Did you leave her back there?”
“I had no choice.”
“We have to go get her!”
“We nothing. You are staying here where you belong. I will go get her and bring her back.”
“Go! Go now. Don’t wait. I’m fine. I’ll wait here. No, I’ll call my dad. It doesn’t matter. Go get her!”
“No need to worry. Time doesn’t matter. I can get there as soon as I left. Even before.”
“I can’t believe you left her there.” 
“It will be all right. Kaitlyn was watching over Billy for me. I will take care of him then I will bring her back before you know it.”
He didn’t mention the Corridor may still be off limits. But he was determined. He would find a way to get back to the sixteenth century to collect Kaitlyn. “I will come back as soon as I can.” 
He transfigured, watching Chloe’s eyes expand as he changed. “Do not worry.” He bent down and stole a kiss—a longer kiss than he thought Chloe would give. “I will do whatever is necessary. Everything will be okay. I’ll be right back.” He made sure no doubt showed on his face. Her smile reassured him she believed in him once again.
He concentrated on the quantum level of his substance and transported out of Chloe’s dimension.


***
About the Author



Cheri Gillard has been a freelance writer and editor for over twenty years, working for several publishing houses and companies writing or editing projects, books, magazines, and curricula. Before writing, she was an obstetric and pediatric Registered Nurse, but she hung up her nurse's cap when she gave birth to quadruplets, who are now in college. She is also a musician, regularly playing violin in a folk-style band and in other venues as opportunities arise. She lives in Colorado with her family.


***


Dear Reader:
Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won't you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer? And if you want to find out more of what is ahead for Horatius, Chloe, and all the characters you recently got to know, I'll share some from the opening of the next book in the series. Just keep reading after the "Book Club Discussion Questions" section.
Keep tabs on what's happening with me and my books by following me on Twitter, Facebook, and on my website, where you can e-mail me directly, if you'd like. I'll post when the second in this series is due for release, as well as the upcoming releases of several other titles I already have in progress. 
Again, thank you for reading my book. If you liked it, please tell a friend. That is the greatest compliment you can give me!
Cheri Gillard

Connect with Me:

Visit & like Chloe’s Guardian Facebook page: facebook.com/NephilimRedemption
Explore my website: cherigillard.com
Follow me on Twitter: twitter.com/cherigillard
Like me on Facebook: facebook.com/cheri.gillard.writer
Smashwords interview: smashwords.com/interview/WriterCheri
Smashwords profile page: smashwords.com/profile/view/WriterCheri

Book Group Discussion Questions

1. What are Chloe's weaknesses?
2. How do her weaknesses lead her into trouble?
3. What symbolism did you see and what significance does it have? How do the symbolic images help to develop the plot, or help to define characters? 
4. Choose any particular setting and discuss its symbolic function.
5. How does the split of Chloe's parents impact the individual family members? How do they respond differently?
6. Discuss the roles of secondary characters, including Michelle, Kaitlyn, and Billy.
7. What function does Benji serve?
8. What function does Chloe's mom serve? How do her obsessions and addictions influence Chloe's perspectives?
9. What is the relationship between the mule/Bethesda and both Billy and Horatius? How do these relationships reflect the moral character of each, as well as Horatius' subsequent development?
10. Which characters help save Chloe, and how do they save her?
11. What is Horatius' main goal and how does he move toward it? Does he have any conflicting goals? How does he sabotage himself?
12. What value does Billy represent to Horatius? What truths does Billy reveal to him, and how does he do so?
13. Compare and contrast Billy's physical traits with his spiritual traits.
14. What do Horatius and Chloe do for each other? What conflicts do they or their circumstances create? How do they find resolution to those conflicts?
15. What did you like or dislike about the imagery of heaven? Of hell (or Hades)?
16. What can you do to protect yourself against negative thoughts or feelings? Do you think demons exist, and do they wish us harm? 
17. Do you believe angels are real? Do they help us? Communicate with us?
18. What do you think of the character They? 
19. How does Horatius change by the end of the book? 
20. How does Chloe change or evolve?
21. Which characters do you particularly admire or dislike? What are their primary personality traits, motivations, inner qualities? Do they seem real and believable? Do any of the characters remind you of people you know?
22. In what ways can you empathize with either or both Satarel and Panahasi? What are their goals? What motivates them to pursue their goals?
23. What motifs in the book can you identify? What parallels do you see between characters, situations, conflict, or reactions to circumstances?
24. What is a favorite scene and why do you like it?
25. How has this novel changed you or your viewpoint? Has it taught you something new? 
26. Did you find the ending satisfying? What would you change if you could?
27. What is the main theme of the book? (In other words, what do you think the book is about?)
28. If you were to talk with the author, what would you want to know?
If you would like to include the author in a book club discussion, contact Cheri via the "Contact" tab at cherigillard.com to set up a phone chat. 





Read on to see where the story picks up in Chloe’s Watcher, Book Two of the Nephilim Redemption Series:


The fire turned to smoke, the forest went dark, and Kaitlyn got up on wobbly legs and backed into a tree. She pressed against it and wrapped her arms backwards around it, hoping its solid trunk would help her body stop shaking. She wasn’t going to turn her back to where Billy’s lifeless body lay next to the headless witch. The witch’s severed head was still making Kaitlyn gag, but at least she was farther away from it now. She was not going to move until Horace came back. He promised he would be right back. Time travel meant she shouldn’t need to wait. No matter what happened, he could just come back to this moment in time, like he promised, and get her.
“Horace? Can you hear me? Horatius? Where are you? I’d like to go home now. Please?”
The forest was so quiet. The sticks in the big fire stopped popping and sizzling. The circle of seven small, different-colored flames had died down by the time the witch tried to cut off Horace’s head and got her own chopped off instead. The weird smell the fires made was gone now, chased away by the wind coming through the trees. Now Kaitlyn smelled only the smoke of an old campfire mixed with the thick, wet leaves on the ground. And blood.
The smell of the blood was impossible to ignore. It was all over her skirt, where she’d used it to wipe the blood off Billy’s face. And where she’d knelt in the puddle of blood next to him and Horace before Billy died and Horace exploded into his glowing angel self and went after her best friend, Cello. The wet sticky fabric stuck to her shin, drying there like a giant scab. But she wasn’t going to let go of the tree and pull it away. She wasn’t going to move at all again until Horace came back and took her home. Like he’d promised to do.
But he didn’t come.
Kaitlyn was panting. Her throat tightened and she gagged again. She closed her eyes and concentrated on relaxing. She listened past her own fast breathing. No birds, no crickets, no frogs. Nothing. The witch or the fires or the demons or the killing or Horace’s explosion must have scared all the animals away. The air shifted and the leaves rattled up high in the trees that reached out the top of the forest. The branches squeaked. She concentrated on them, picturing them bending in the wind. They made the only sound. Any second she would hear Horace return. She strained her ears for his footsteps in case he had materialized farther away and was running to her. The pitch black in front of her face was confusing. She blinked her eyes hard to make sure they were open. She wanted to see him the second he appeared. She listened. She watched. She waited. 
And still he didn't come.
After what had to be at least an hour, her pulse felt normal again and the shaking had stopped. Her legs were stiff and cold. At some point, without noticing, she’d let go of the tree trunk behind her and her arms were wrapped around herself in a hug. She wasn’t listening for Horace anymore. Once or twice her eyelids drooped and she nearly fell asleep. But she wasn’t going to let that happen. She was going to stay awake and be ready when Horace came.
Awhile later, Kaitlyn decided it wouldn’t be so bad to sit down. Staying tight against the tree, she sank to the ground. It felt good to sit. And to close her eyes for just a second.

***
	
Present Day: Denver, Colorado; Chloe, Seventeen Years Old

Only the concrete steps, the broken flower pot, and the porch of the burned-out shell of Nana’s house were recognizable. Blistered boards textured like charred snake skin stuck up at odd angles as if someone had played a giant game of Pick-Up Sticks. The bottom two-thirds of the charred staircase went up to nothing in the middle of the cremated house. The leaves and branches of the tree outside of where Chloe’s bedroom window used to be were singed black like they’d leaned in too close to see the fire inside. 
The sight of it sent a shiver up Chloe’s spine even though she’d just spoken to her mom and knew everyone was safe, that no one had been home. She remembered through a dream-like fog the balls of fire that Horace’s father had hurled at the house, the demons that had chased Horace, Kaitlyn, and Chloe away into other dimensions and times where they couldn’t help save her family. Had it really happened? Had the past been changed? Because her family had been inside before. But now, they hadn’t. Something had changed, but did that mean everything was different?
She wanted to know more about what had happened. The old neighbor with the terrier she and Horace had talked to had walked back up the street. He was still out in his yard tossing a ball to his dog. With Horace gone to get Kaitlyn, maybe she had a minute before they returned to go ask the neighbor more. The shock of everything had left her too brainless to ask better questions before when he came by and told them about her family being away on a trip that kept them safe from the fire.
The old man lived five houses up the street. Chloe walked up the sloped sidewalk, which was cracked and chipped from years of snow and salt and melting and freezing. The neighbor was wearing Horace’s Stetson hat, which he’d taken in trade for letting Chloe use his phone. He looked ridiculous in the huge thing. Horace was twice as big as normal guys. It kept falling down over the old man’s eyes and he tried to keep it up by propping it too far back on his head.
“Excuse me,” Chloe said. “Um, can I ask you some more questions?”
“Sure,” then to his dog in a childish voice, “Bring it to me, baby. There you go, Poo-poo Bear. Good doggie.” He took the soggy tennis ball from the dog’s mouth and tossed it down his long side yard. “Isn’t he brilliant? Watch this. I just taught him to fetch.” The dog ran to the ball, then plopped down in the grass next to it panting with his tongue hanging out.
“I was wondering, could you tell me again what you know about the trip my family took?”
“Bring me the ball, Poo-poo. Come on! Come on!” The dog stayed in the grass and started gnawing on the ball. “Oh, it was your family? Well, like I said before, some men came visiting from that church—the one a few blocks south on Federal?—and apparently they had a vacation package to give away.” He pushed the Stetson back up off his brow. “Someone donated it and they were looking for a family to take it. They said they got your name from a visitor card or some sign up. It was a limited time, almost expired, so your family had to leave right away. They couldn’t wait for you to get back. I guess you were already away with your band.”
“Orchestra.”
He looked at her blankly.
“I play cello. It’s an orchestra, not a band.”
He shrugged. “Well, anyway, they left the next day and have been gone about a week. Then the house caught on fire night before last. The street was closed off with fire trucks everywhere. They couldn’t save it. We’re lucky the whole block didn’t burn down. It was incredible. We were scared to death! We hooked up our hose and stood guard, ready to water down any and every ember that came near us.” He clapped at the dog to return with the ball, but he was too busy chewing on the grass.
“And you said I was in Brazil?”
He looked at her like she might be a bit crazy. “Weren’t you? Well, I guess you know where you were. I’d just heard that. I think Mrs. Klassen across that street said it. You know better than me if your band—orchestra—was in Brazil. Come on, Poo-poo. Bring me the ball.”
Chloe didn’t know if she’d been to Brazil. Maybe in another timeline. In her world, she’d been in Scotland on an orchestra trip where she’d met Horace. Then they ended up in sixteenth-century Scotland and got stuck. And that’s where Horace had left Kaitlyn and had gone to bring her back.
She checked down the sidewalk to see if he was back with her yet. She needed to talk to them.
They weren’t there so she thought about calling her dad.
“Can I borrow your phone again?”
He pinched his lips, exhaled fast, and whistled through his hairy nostrils.
“That Stetson is worth a lot of money,” Chloe said.
“When I accepted the hat in trade, your big friend said it was for one call. I have limited minutes. Well, I think I do. These new phones. All right. Just be careful. I don’t want the screen scratched. I just got it.” He handed it over and held on a little longer than he needed to.
She dialed her dad and got his voice mail. “Dad, I’m at Nana’s. I imagine you know it burned down. Or maybe you don’t. Mom is flying back with everyone, but I don’t have my phone, or car keys—I don’t even know if the Jeep is out of the shop yet. Anyway, I’m borrowing this phone, so you won’t be able to call back. Um, can you just come over here? And we’ll figure out what we’ll do? I guess I need a place to stay. Anyway, okay, I hope to see you soon.”
Chloe ended the call and noticed the brand icon. “I thought you said this was a Pantech phone. It says Panatech. I think you might have a Chinese knock-off here.” She handed it back feeling a little sorry for the guy who’d been suckered into an imitation phone.
“It is Panatech. That’s what I said. Everyone knows that. It’s even bigger than Cingular.”
“You mean AT&T now?”
“What’s AT&T?”
Wow. This guy really was out of touch. Go online now and then, man. “Never mind. Thanks for letting me make the call. I appreciate it. Enjoy the hat.”
She walked back to the burnt-up remains and sat on the lower concrete step to wait for Horace and Kaitlyn. Though she had no desire to relive everything that had happened, her thoughts drifted to her memories of flying through the sky, transferring with Horace into different dimensions, and experiencing heaven with its amazing love and peace. Images flashed through her mind of battles with demons, the terror of hell, and the horror of seeing a child slaughtered before her eyes. She shook off those nightmares and instead remembered when she and Kaitlyn were at Agnes Stewart’s castle, Dunnottar—a fortress on a rugged hilltop just outside of the village of Stonehaven, playing for their supper. It was silly and ridiculous when Kaitlyn struggled to play the viola with her elbows pinned to her sides with that crazy dress Horace had created when his powers were all going haywire. She also struggled not to gag when she either smelled meat smoke or saw all the animals on cooking spits—that was a huge challenge for her, and it seemed people were always cooking meat. It would be so good for her to get back where she could get tofu and her protein bars.
When Chloe came out of her reverie, she realized a lot of time had passed. The step was too hard to sit on any longer and the shadows of the giant trees along the street had shifted. She got up and shook out her legs and rubbed the feeling back into her bum. She looked up and down the street, wondering again where Horace and Kaitlyn were. The man with the dog wasn’t in his yard anymore. A woman pushed a baby stroller across the street with two whining toddlers following behind her. The woman craned her neck to look at what was left of Nana’s house.
Chloe gave her a pathetic wave and the woman finally looked where she was going and left Chloe alone. A bunch of cars drove by, slowing to gawk, the drivers rubbernecking to see the burned Pick-Up Sticks of the house. Every time a vehicle turned the corner onto the street, Chloe strained to see who was driving, hoping to see Horace. Of course she knew it was dumb to think he’d show up in a car, but it was an automatic response. She wanted so much to see them.
When Chloe thought the stream of macabre-minded people had finished coming by, a black Audi with dark windows pulled over to the curb. This morbid curiosity is getting old. The motor turned off and the driver’s door opened. Chloe didn’t want to talk to anyone.
Her dad stood up from the car.
“Hey. I was in a long meeting.”
“Dad? When did you get a Audi?”
“What? It’s the same one.”
Same as what? “You never told me you had an Audi.”
He looked annoyed. “Where is your phone? I tried to call you. You should keep it with you.”
“I think it’s in there.” Chloe pointed at the missing house. “I think my cello might be in there too.”
Ugh. His exasperated look. She shrugged. What was she supposed to have done?
He glanced toward the house like it was registering for the first time. “The house—it looks…wow. It really burned up.”
“Yeah, it’s bad.”
“Were you home? Or were you over at Karen’s? Did you leave the stove on?”
“Dad, it wasn’t my fault.” 
“I’ve always had to tell you to be careful.”
No, you just never trust me. “It was some kind of explosion.” The fire bombs Horace’s father threw at the house were to blame.
“Why is the Jeep in the shop? What did you do to it?”
“The axle? Remember?”
“You didn’t tell me about that. Don’t think I’m going to pay for more car problems if you and Michelle don’t take better care of it. And now your phone and cello. You’re killing me.”
Chloe sure hadn’t missed her dad’s antagonism. And his lack of attention to what happened to her. How could he forget about her car accident? How could he care more about her phone than her own safety? But she didn’t want a lecture about expenses, and she couldn’t even think of her cello yet, so she changed the subject. “I talked to Mom. They’re on their way back. I forgot to ask when they’re getting back.”
“They land tonight at eight. She’s been leaving me messages all day. Where are you going to stay?”
Really, Dad? Really? “Well, I thought with you. I can’t stay here.”
“What about Karen? Can’t you stay there?”
“Kaitlyn. Her name is Kaitlyn. I don’t know. She isn’t home right now.”
“Your mom can get a hotel or something.”
“I thought we’d stay with you.” She wasn’t going to let him off so easily.
He took a deep breath. An irritated deep breath. “I guess you can come. Just while you wait for the plane. I have plans tonight. Who’s going to pick them up? Did she say?”
Chloe wanted to scream obscenities at him. Was he really so awful?
“We can’t afford a hotel. You got all the money. And the house. And the dog. Remember?”
“Don’t get smart with me, Chloe. I get enough of that from Michelle. I thought you were more mature than her. You give me grief, I’ll just drive away right now and you can figure this out yourself. I didn’t have to come over, you know. I’m doing you a favor.”
“You’re my dad. I shouldn’t have to ask you to take care of me. You’re supposed to take care of me. That’s what dads do. Especially when their kids are abandoned and alone and the house they’re borrowing burns down.”
That did it. He jumped back in the Audi, slammed the door, and squealed away like a teenager. 
Great. Dad is having a fit worse than Benji. 
She should have kept her mouth shut. Now what would she do? Hopefully, Horace would appear any minute and solve everything.
Chloe walked down the street toward Federal Boulevard. It was taking longer than she’d expected for Horace to come back. With time travel, shouldn’t he be able to leave, go to sixteenth-century Scotland, pick up Kaitlyn then come right back to when he’d left? She shouldn’t have to feel any time pass.
She walked back toward the house. She was pacing, city blocks at a time. It was taking too long. Where is Horace? 

***

When Kaitlyn woke up, slanted morning sun rays were filtering through the thinnest of the trees. It took a minute to figure out where she was. When she finally did, she felt nothing. The terror from the night before was gone. Or it was suppressed so deeply inside she couldn’t feel it.
Billy looked so young and small in the daylight. His wound was massive but it didn’t affect her now. She kept her eyes from looking at the witch. Even without feeling, she didn’t want to see the headless body or the detached head.
Birds chirped now in all the trees, calling back and forth, cooing, tweeting, and clicking. A squirrel chattered not too far away. Something to her right rattled and cracked the dried leaves but didn’t come out for her to see. 
This is stupid. Was she going to stay in the forest for the rest of her life even if Horace didn’t show up? She stood up and held the leg that was asleep very still. She waited till the buzzing stopped. And she decided what she would do.
Her gown was stiff with brown stains. She wanted it off. She tore it from the bodice, leaving just her underskirt. It was stained even worse, with the rust splotch covering the white cotton. She’d ignore it. Because she had to.
She laid the skirt out next to Billy, staying as far from the witch as possible, and moved Billy’s body onto the fabric. She wrapped him in the cloth, like a shroud, tightly but gently. He weighed as little as Cello’s old dog, Olivia. She lifted him into her arms and left the forest.
It took her a few turns and retraced steps to find her way to the road. Once she did, she found the mule Horace had been riding, munching grass sparkled with dew. She lifted Billy’s body onto the mule’s back and pulled her by the dangling lead up the road toward the village.

***

Like Chloe’s Facebook page to hear when Chloe’s Watcher is released!
