

Special Smashwords Edition

Without You


by


Craig Allen







This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or to actual events or locales is entirely coincidental.

Without You
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you’re reading this eBook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.

Copyright © 2013 Craig Allen. All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book, or portions thereof, in any form. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical without the express written permission of the author. The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book via the Internet or via any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials.

The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content.

Artwork by http://damonza.com

http://www.craigallenauthor.blogspot.com
https://www.facebook.com/craig.allen.author

ISBN# 978-1-311881-99-1 (eBook)




I sat in the dirty, overstuffed chair, pointing a gun at the kid. He couldn’t have been more than eighteen, yet a highway of needle tracks laced his arms. The junkie had a long-term relationship with heroin, one he’d been maintaining long enough to give him the shakes, which had started five minutes ago.
He pulled at the plastic cable ties binding his skinny wrists to a water pipe that stood about six inches from the wall. He’d free himself eventually, of that I was certain, but he only needed to stay put for a little while longer.
The junkie tugged again then yanked his arms so violently I thought the pipe would come out of the ceiling.
I waved the revolver at him. “Knock it off.”
He grimaced, twisting his head to the side with his eyes shut. No telling when he’d gotten his last fix. “The hell do you want, man?”
I said nothing. I didn’t care what the junkie thought of me or what he did after I left. All I cared about was what would happen if he freed himself before three o’clock.
A half-dozen beer bottles lay on the couch, stuffed with cigarette butts. Lipstick covered the ends of some of them. The carpet looked as if it might have been gray at one time, but large streaks of black and brown ran through all the high-traffic areas. Something smelled rotten among the garbage bags sitting open in the kitchen.
“This place is repugnant,” I said. “How do you live like this?”
“Piss off.”
I shook my head. I wondered if the boy would actually get cleaned up after he did some jail time. Eventually, his desire for more of his beloved drug would give him the strength to break free from his restraints. I’d be gone by then.
And Anna would be safe.
“C’mon, man, what’d I do?” The junkie tugged at the restraints again, but stopped when I gestured with the gun. 
I was glad I had searched the room beforehand and found the weapon under the mattress. That made things much easier. The look on his face when he had seen me standing there with his own gun was priceless.
“Did T-Dog send you, man?” He gritted his teeth, fighting off the withdrawals. “Look, I got the money, all right? I’ll take you to it, but first I need… I need it, you know?”
I glanced at my watch, careful not to let the junkie see the 3-D display. No one would believe anything he said about it, but I didn’t want to tempt fate. Two more minutes. I could’ve left the room then and there. The worthless creature wouldn’t break free for a while. But I stayed to be sure. No point in taking chances.
“God damn it.” The junkie just kept staring at me. 
I kept an eye on my watch, counting the seconds to three o’clock, then waited a few seconds more. When I was sure she was safe, I stood. The junkie recoiled while I adjusted my coat with one hand.
“You gonna do it now?” The junkie’s breathing quickened. He looked as though he might actually cry. “Oh man, don’t do it.”
Pathetic.
I backed away, trying to avoid the bags of rotting garbage while keeping the revolver trained on him. When I made it to the front door, I pocketed the gun. I patted my coat pocket again to make sure I had picked up the junkie’s keys. He wouldn’t be needing them anyway.
“I can pay you. I swear.”
I opened the door, slipped outside, and closed it behind me. I moved through the breezeway quickly, wanting to get out of there fast. I turned down the alley, glancing over my shoulder. I tossed the keys through the sewer grate, and they disappeared into darkness. The junkie’s car was parked around the corner. I thought about popping the tires, but decided it wasn’t necessary. His house key had been on the key ring, but he kept a spare key in a wall crack outside the building. I had seen that, along with his car, when I’d scanned the area around the building before arriving. Of course, he’d be spending the next few years in jail, so it didn’t matter if he had a spare key or not.
I dropped the revolver inside a dumpster and closed the lid gently so it wouldn’t bang shut. I wanted to take the gun back with me, but I couldn’t because I didn’t bring it in the first place.
A chill wind blew between the buildings. December in Denver was not as bitterly cold as most people thought, but it did get cold enough to keep most people indoors. That was a good thing. One look at my watch would send them into hysterics, not to mention what they would think if they saw me return.
I walked to the other end of the alley, stopped just short of the street, and waited in the building’s shadow. I thought of going back and watching the junkie further ruin his life. When the boy couldn’t find his keys, he’d try to boost some wheels… right in front of a cop. He’d go to jail where he wouldn’t see his precious lover, heroin, for some time to come.
It would be amusing to watch it happen in real time, but I’d already seen it happen earlier.

~~~~

I materialized in my lab. Nothing had been disturbed during the hour I was gone.
The machine wound down as I sat at my desk and brought up the viewing apparatus. I zoomed in on the hotel where she stayed. I’d seen her there in the duality I saw before going back, a duality that no longer existed. Only one timeline remained, the one where SUVs pulled up to the hotel. She’d actually arrived the day before but had done an interview at the local radio station that morning, plus a fan signing. Buckets of security people poured out of the vehicles, followed by her. Her fans cheered when she waved at them. Her security detail guided her into the hotel as if she were a Fabergé egg.
I grinned. I did it.
I stood and removed my coat, absently feeling for the lighter my dad had given to me when I headed off for engineering school. I didn’t have any butane for it, as that was illegal. For that matter, the lighter didn’t have flint, either. But Dad had given it to me, so I’d kept it. But when I reached into the coat pocket, I didn’t feel the familiar rectangular lump through the material. Nothing. The lighter was gone, forever. It was probably at the bottom of the ocean, along with my favorite hat and the tools that had fallen out of my pockets when I had rescued Anna from drowning the day before. The tools I didn’t care about, and Dad would understand about the lighter if he were still around, but getting another hat would be tricky.
At least, I looked better than the last time I had come back from the past. If anyone had walked in and seen my wet hair and damp clothes the day before, my forays would have been halted. But Max knew I worked better undisturbed, and he had given orders that the lab was off limits to everyone—except for him, of course. Thus, no one came in to see me waving my coat back and forth over the air vents. I had actually dried pretty quickly for a guy who’d dropped into the ocean. Lesson learned: weight matters when going back and forth in time. The mass of water and sand equal to the mass of my tools, lighter, and hat had come back with me because my pockets had emptied while I swam in the ocean.
I checked my clothes. My coat was frayed, but no more than usual. I still saw the places where I had mended my tie and slacks, but I doubted anyone else would notice unless I pointed out the irregularities. And my shirt was still white. Well, mostly. Given that I’d worn the same shirt, tie, slacks, and coat for over five years, I looked pretty good.
I hung up my coat and made sure the video loop still played. Earlier, I had recorded myself working for hours and then looped it, sending the recording through the hidden cameras. That way, if someone spied on me while I was out of the lab, he only saw me working diligently. I let it run even though I’d returned. I didn’t want anyone to see me watching her.
I set the machine’s viewer to the concert, a performance she would not have done if the junkie had managed to get behind the wheel of his car and race through downtown, searching for his dealer. I watched a concert that hadn’t existed an hour ago. Before yesterday, her music didn’t exist. After my changes in the past, I had a wealth of new songs and movies to enjoy, and by God, I was going to enjoy them.
The lights dimmed, and the crowd went wild. Anna started with “Guardian Angel,” singing the opening lines in complete darkness. Then the lights came up again, and she marched out of the fog. She was an angel singing to a poor soul, telling him everything would be fine.
Too bad things in my world were far from fine.
The day before, while my coat dried, I had listened to her music instead of doing work. By the end of the day, I knew the words to every song and had begun to sing along. Then I wondered if I should. Max trusted me, but I wouldn’t put it past him to bypass security and bug my lab on his own initiative. What I worked on was important to him and the government, but she was far more important to me.
I had deactivated the logging system a couple of days before. My trip to the beach would have recorded anomalies that might tip someone off. So I jumbled logs from previous testing and set the machine to send random entries to the mainframe. Since I was the only one who really understood the machine, everyone would assume the log was meaningful only to me.
I glanced over at the core. A faint, acrid smell remained even after the circulation systems cleared the air. The electrical short had happened yesterday, after I saved Anna and her friend from the truck—which I had done just after saving her from drowning. If I hadn’t been there, the truck would have killed her friend. Anna would’ve survived, but she would have also been restricted to a wheelchair for life—a life that would have ended shortly after the accident due to complications. That past was gone, thanks to my having pushed them out of the path of the out-of-control truck. 
But that action had only revealed another tragedy. The duality involving the junkie, like the previous one involving the runaway truck, had shown two possibilities. In one timeline, the junkie ran her off the road, sending her SUV toppling over the edge of the viaduct to the road below. After losing her spleen and spending weeks in the hospital, she succumbed to an infection and died. In the second, she performed a new concert. Saving Anna was becoming a full-time job.
I fast-forwarded a little on the viewer, but some sort of distortion appeared in the middle of the next song. Crap. The machine wasn’t as reliable as it used to be. After the burnout the day before, I had been limited to the downtown area. I managed to patch things up somewhat, but it didn’t work the way it used to. The farthest back I could go was, luckily, to the junkie. 
It didn’t matter. Going back farther would accomplish nothing. So far so good, but when Anna left Denver, she was on her own. Unless, of course, I could fix the machine. All I needed was to dig through the mess I’d created, find all the shorts in the system, and replace six transformers. I could do the work in a week, but to go through all the channels to get the parts I needed—even on a top-secret project like mine—would take at least a month.
I thought about moving forward a day to see if she would leave—or had left, depending on one’s perspective—her hotel without incident, but the door chimed and slid open. I hit a key on my keyboard, and the view switched to a series of meaningless logs that I’d set up as a decoy.
Max strolled in, grinning from ear to ear. He wore a dark suit and a red tie. “Hey, Eric.”
I nodded. “Max.”
“How’s my favorite inventor?”
“Pretty thrilled.” I made every effort to keep the sarcasm from my voice. “How’s things?”
“Funny, I was going to ask you the same thing.”
The smug bastard was trying to be clever, but all he really wanted to know was my progress. The last thing in the world I’d ever tell him was that his spying machine was actually a time machine.
“We’re not where we want to be, but look at this.” I brought up a simulation I’d constructed earlier. “Following alternating current is tricky. It’s like swimming upriver. However, under proper conditions, I can manage to pick up some things.”
Max brought his fingers to his chin, appearing thoughtful. He was good at faking sincerity.
I pointed at the wave forms I had put together from initial tests. “These fluctuations are just the system moving through the power grid. But this”—I pointed at a spike in the graph I’d added for dramatic effect—“is what’s interesting.”
“What are we looking at?”
“This is a medical device.” I displayed data yanked from a medical database. “Specifically, a pacemaker that’s sending wireless signals back to the hospital.”
“You’re sure?”
“Oh yes. It belongs to my neighbor.”
Max raised a hand. “Well done. And you said it was impossible.”
I shrugged. “I had a little motivation.”
“This is wonderful news, Eric.” He gestured at the screen. “How soon before we can access illegal devices?”
“Those are a little more complex.” I spoke from the script I’d planned in my head, most of which was nonsense. “I know this device is a pacemaker because I know my neighbor has one. I can detect the wireless signals it sends, but I can’t discern what they mean. Once I figure out how to decode the signals, I can begin to separate legal devices from illegal ones.” I faced Max. “But we have the basic idea down. We need to have better control over our signal as it sniffs its way through the power grid. Also, we need to be able to track devices while roaming.”
“Yes, but how soon?”
“Well, tracking technology has improved over the years, and no one’s even built a smartphone since they were made illegal, much less designed a better one, so we’re ahead of the game. I think we can start tracking devices by February.”
Max smiled, patting me on the shoulder. “That’s good news. It’d be nice to have some arrests before long. They’ve been causing far too much dissonance lately.” He shook his head, pretending to be genuinely upset. “Spreading all that hate around, it’s just awful.”
“True.” I’d gotten good at lying to Max. “Not to mention identity theft.”
“Oh, boy.” He grinned, pointing at me. “You’re not going to tell me that one again, are you?”
I faked a laugh and shook my head. “No, I think I’ve told it enough.”
Ten years ago, someone had stolen my social security card from my safety deposit box then proceeded to clean out my bank account. I was a student at the Colorado School of Mines at the time, and I really needed the money. I was so disgusted that I left the state when I graduated. I wouldn’t have come back, except someone found out I was one of the best engineers in the country. Next thing I knew, federal agents were banging on my door. They dragged me back to Colorado to work on a special project, under Max.
“I get your point.” He held up his hands. “We definitely put a stop to that sort of thing, though.”
The government had stopped identity theft by preventing people from accessing their own bank accounts without government permission. The Bureau for the Betterment of Society tracked every dollar meticulously. My money was so secure even I couldn’t get to it.
Max gestured at the machine. “Looks like I have an excuse to give the people upstairs for why we’re using all the power.”
“We’re on our own supply, though.”
“Yeah, but the engineers are screaming about the power spikes, saying we’re taxing the grid.”
I raised an eyebrow. “They causing you trouble, Max?”
“What? No.” He frowned, waving his hand in the air. “I just tell them to cram it.”
I laughed. “Thanks for backing me up.”
Max winked then glanced at his watch. “You weren’t planning on being here all night, were you?”
I glanced at the clock on my computer—9:18. “Oh, hell.”
Max’s laugh was almost too boisterous. “I do appreciate your diligence, but it’s not like you have all the time in the world, you know.”
“Right.” For a moment, I thought I heard an emphasis on the word “time.” I wrote it off to paranoia. “I just need to close some things down before I head out.”
“Good. Have a good night.” Max pushed the button to open the lab door. “And Eric?”
“Yes?”
Max flashed another winning smile. “Good work today.”
“Thanks, Max.”
The lab door shut behind him. I watched him on the wall monitor as the security camera tracked him heading down the hall. I absently wondered where Anna was now… or rather then. But it was late, and I could always check tomorrow. I had started putting my tablet away when I saw movement on the monitor. Ralph was walking up the hall. He waved at the camera. Max wouldn’t even let the head of security have access to the lab, so I had to buzz Ralph in.
“Just about to ping you,” I said.
“Yeah, I’m doing rounds.” He pointed at the ceiling, and I nodded. He let out a heavy breath. “You never know when Big Brother is listening in, you know?”
“You know we’re not supposed to call them that.”
Ralph shrugged. “I’ve done worse.”
“Yeah, me too.” 
Ralph and I both had secrets, mostly along the same lines. Ralph thought he knew me, and he did. He just didn’t know about my activities of the past few days.
He gestured at the machine. “How’s it going?”
“As far as Max is concerned, we’re making progress.”
“How is it really?”
“I’m still yanking his chain.” I gestured over my shoulder at the burned-out circuits. “He didn’t ask about the mess I made, but he thinks I’m making progress. Truthfully, this stuff does nothing he wants it to do.”
Ralph didn’t know about the time traveling, either. He thought I worked on spying equipment. I had given him and his friends information on the project and told them I would stonewall until I learned more. The plan was, if I managed to get it working, I’d steal it, so we could spy on the government for a change. I doubted Ralph would have believed me if I told him what the device really did. And if he did, his friends would find out and order it destroyed. I planned on doing just that eventually, but not until I was sure Anna was safe. 
“That’s a relief.” Ralph took a quick glance through the small window in the lab door. “Eric, there’s something you gotta know.”
“What’s that?”
“Max has been asking about you.”
I tried to act nonchalant. “What’s he been asking?”
“About how often you’ve been staying late, if you talk about the project… things like that.”
“What’d you tell him?”
He shrugged. “I told him you been stayin’ late for the past couple of nights. I didn’t think that mattered.”
I nodded. “What else?”
“I told him you been hush-hush about the thing here.”
“That doesn’t sound so bad.”
“That’s the third time this week he’s asked about you. He’s keeping tabs on you.” Ralph crossed his arms and leaned a little closer. “Remember that redhead over in HR?”
“Rhonda?”
“Yeah, her. Remember how Max kept asking about her? Then suddenly somebody snatched her as soon as she walked into the building?”
She was a sweet girl, but naïve. She came from a rural area where asking questions wasn’t completely frowned upon. In the city, no one asked questions for fear of asking the wrong ones. Curiosity could get one sent away. 
“I saw the guy who did it, too,” Ralph went on. “You know the guy with the burned ear?”
I nodded. I knew all of Max’s people quite well.
Ralph’s face grew long. “I wish I could’ve stopped it.” He took another quick look through the window in the door. “Word is she went up to Fort Logan.”
I hoped it wasn’t true. If so, she wouldn’t be the same person when she came out. “Damn. She was a good kid, too.”
“She didn’t deserve that,” Ralph said.
“Who does?”
“True.” Ralph rested his hand on the radio attached to his belt. “You heading out?”
“Yeah, just about.” The system finished powering down, and I shut off the monitors, making sure I had saved the last known locations of Anna. “We still meeting tomorrow night?”
“Yeah, midnight,” Ralph said. “Whole crew will be there.”
The underground would want to know my progress. I needed to plan on what to tell them. If Anna was in the clear, then maybe I could tell them the truth.
Ralph nodded at the door. “I’ll walk you. It’ll look better.”
“Good idea.”
Ralph pushed the button to open the door. I followed him into the hall and turned to check the door. A shadow moved just inside the lab, as if darting to the side. I frowned. Could one of Max’s goons be in there? I didn’t think so. A grown man couldn’t easily hide in the lab. The only entrance was the one I had just used. There weren’t even any windows. I shook my head. The late nights were making me see things.
Ralph had made it to the corner. “Eric, be careful, all right?”
I caught up to him. “Aren’t I always?”
“Seriously. Max has his game face on tight, but he’s a basket case. Someone’s going down.”
I nodded. “I’ll watch out.”
“I hope so. I don’t want you disappearing, too.”

~~~~

Streetlights zipped by overhead, temporarily pushing back the darkness inside my old Taurus. The light made me feel vulnerable. A camera might pick up my face and notify someone that I wasn’t on my arranged route home. My tablet sent signals to the road sensors, telling them to ignore the passing vehicle, but tricking the cameras was well beyond its programming. Leaving the office with our tablets was illegal, but with Ralph’s help, I had disabled the trigger that would activate the alarm if I removed it from the building.
I kept my eye on the speedometer, glancing in the rear view every so often. I was so paranoid about someone following me I nearly ran a stop sign. Fortunately, the tires didn’t squeal when I hit the brakes, which would have set off road sensors that would bring the cops. Even my hacked tablet couldn’t stop that.
I’d disabled the tracking devices inside my car, my watch, and my keys with the help of my tablet. They continually sent signals to the satellites, showing that I was driving home on my prearranged route. In reality, I headed to a parking garage on the other end of town. I’d added that feature not a month ago. Before that, I used to drive home, leave my keys, and then make my way elsewhere. Fortunately, I’d gotten good at hotwiring my car in college. My friends and I held contests to see who could hotwire their car the fastest. We were certainly a strange bunch.
If a cop ran my plates and his computer told him I was somewhere else other than right in front of him, I’d be in jail. But I had to take the chance. Max never asked about the burnt circuits. Someone had to know that an overload occurred, and that someone would’ve told Max. That and the fact that Max had been asking Ralph about me earlier meant going home would be a bad option.
In my rear view, I saw a car with overheads race through an intersection, going a different way. He wasn’t after me, but if he saw me and decided to turn around, I could be in trouble. I passed a dead ponderosa pine and saw the garage entrance after that. My tablet activated the card reader, and the gate swung open. I pulled in, wincing as the tires squealed on the slick pavement.
I shut off my headlights and drove up the ramp leading to the upper levels of the garage. My car groaned on the upward slope. I badly needed to get the fuel-injection system flushed, but I didn’t have the money for that. I was lucky to even have a car. The government didn’t want people wandering about unrestricted, out of fear they might conspire against their betters. Keeping citizens off the road and eliminating Internet access helped keep everyone isolated. Whereas the roads had once teemed with vehicles of all types, as I spiraled up the ramps, I saw maybe three cars in a garage that could hold hundreds. The most I’d ever seen there was ten.
I had until about six in the morning before the cameras went live and started taking down plate numbers again. Ralph’s friends—the “Haters,” as Max called them—had rigged everything months ago. I’d helped them program old tablets and smartphones that would hack road sensors to give them access to certain places in the city at night—places like the parking garage. Max thought I was working on a machine that would locate those old devices through the power grid, when in fact, I used those same devices to fight against him and the government he represented.
If they caught me, I would be a dead man.
I parked, exited the car, and took a quick look around to make sure I was alone. When I was satisfied, I climbed into the back seat and lay down with my tablet. I put on a concert I’d recorded. She wasn’t the most brilliant vocalist, but to me, her voice was a slice of heaven. It was bizarre to think that a few days ago none of her songs had even existed. 
I’d have to tell Ralph’s friends about the machine eventually, but not yet. I had to be sure she was safe. 
I set the alarm on my tablet, put the show on auto-play, and closed my eyes, listening to her sing “Still Falling.” I imagined she sang to me, telling me she was falling for me.

~~~~

I awoke the next morning to her voice. When “Lost in You” finished, I got out and hopped into the driver’s seat. I had half an hour to get out of the garage before the cameras came on line. I drove around the ramps, heading for the exit. The sun shone through the open sections of the garage, creating long shadows. At the exit, my tablet automatically activated the gate. 
The streetlights had just started to turn off in the early morning hours. The police wouldn’t catch my car, thanks to my tablet sending the okay signal to every road sensor in sight, but I couldn’t leave the city without a pass. If something happened, I’d need Ralph’s friends to get me out. God knew I had helped them enough in the past. They owed me that much.
It was way too early to panic. If I disappeared, Max would know something was up and hunt me down.
I drove through the empty streets and between the dilapidated buildings. Not too long ago, downtown would have been teeming with traffic at that time of morning. Thanks to the fact that travel had been severely restricted, I had all the lanes to myself as I went toward the office at the old Tabor Center. If I’d called it that aloud, HR would be all over me. The proper name was Enrichment Center.
I turned onto Seventeenth Avenue. Four police cars lined the street, most parked in that haphazard way police vehicles do when the emergency requires them to block traffic. A few cops milled about, but I turned off before they got a good look at me.
I continued up a few blocks, circled around, and parked in front of an abandoned 7-Eleven. I scanned the area before popping the hood and going around to the front to pry off the distributor cap—a cheap and simple theft deterrent.
I walked a few blocks northwest, past buildings that had at one time been teeming with people. Broken glass from fallen windows littered the sidewalk, and graffiti covered nearly every available surface. Downtown wasn’t the safest of neighborhoods, but I hoped it was early enough that any residents of the dilapidated buildings would leave me alone.
I cut over after a few blocks and headed south until I was near the west entrance of the Enrichment Center. The best place to enter was where the old Cheesecake Factory used to be, assuming my card still had access.
I rounded the corner and saw Ralph standing by the outer door. He must have pulled a double shift. When he saw me, his shoulders slumped. He glanced around quickly then gestured for me to approach. I darted across the street.
Ralph took a quick look around as I stepped into the small alcove. “Christ, what the hell happened last night?”
I shrugged. “I don’t know. You tell me.”
“Max came back last night around ten. He had three of his goons with him.”
“They went to the lab?”
Ralph nodded. “And they were all armed.”
Only trusted federal agents carried firearms. Cops just carried pepper spray and stun guns. “Are they still there?”
“No, but, uh…” Ralph showed me his tablet. On the screen was a text message from Max. Our friend Eric lost his wallet. Don’t embarrass him.
“Embarrass me?”
“Yeah. Max set up his own codes for emails.”
I nodded, glancing over my shoulder. “Just like we do.”
“Right. This means Max wants you found and brought in but not through usual channels. It’s hush-hush.”
I blinked. “It’s not like Max to break protocol.”
“He did it before with that redhead, Rhonda.” Ralph gritted his teeth. “That one he didn’t even tell me about. His people came by and took her one morning after she parked her car.”
I hadn’t seen it happen, but I remembered everyone asking where she was. After a day, people assumed the worst. “Did they try to nab me at home?”
“Not sure, but I wouldn’t be surprised.” He gestured at the building, pointing up toward the lab. “How close are you?”
“Closer than Max realizes.”
“Well, he knows something.”
I frowned. “I have to get in there.”
“Your access was revoked, but I fixed it.” He flashed his tablet at me again, showing my clearance as green. “My security people don’t know you’re wanted. But if you run into any of Max’s goons, it’s over, so you better hurry.”
“They’ll probably pick me up when I get inside.”
“Not likely. They grabbed Rhonda outside because they didn’t want to make a scene.” Ralph waved his tablet. “Besides, I can tell him you never showed up, so he’ll keep looking out here.”
“He still trusts you?”
“Yeah.” He smiled. “Guess he ain’t so smart. But he’ll find out eventually.”
I put a hand on Ralph’s shoulder. “Thanks.”
“You bet.” He ran his card over the door and let me in. “But you know, I think our days here are numbered.”
He gave me a quick nod for luck, and I went inside. The door shut behind me with a loud click.
People passed me in the hall without a second glance. Whatever Max wanted with me, he really was keeping things under his hat. My shoes clacked on the tile floor, the sound echoing off the walls. If Max thought I’d flat-out lied to him, he would have come down on me like a hammer. Keeping it quiet meant he was up to something nefarious. Like with Rhonda. Max would have made a big deal out of it if she were simply heading for re-education due to dissidence.
The poor girl. Re-education might’ve been a better deal. But what did he want with me?
At the lab, I ran my security card through the reader. After about three tense seconds, the green light flashed, and the door slid open. I stepped in, and the door hissed shut behind me. No one was there, and nothing seemed out of place. 
I sat at my desk and pulled out my keyboard. I had to get away, but first, I needed to destroy the machine. No way was I going to leave a prize like that in Max’s hands. At the same time, I couldn’t destroy it without being sure Anna was safe. That mattered more than anything else.
I entered my ID. An icon spun on the screen, indicating it was verifying my password. When nothing happened after a few seconds, I wondered if Ralph had failed. I didn’t realize I was holding my breath until the login screen faded. I glanced at the monitor showing the hall outside the lab. No one approached.
I cranked up the machine. The scanner came on line, and I pulled up Anna’s last known position then scanned forward to the day after the concert. She’d likely be leaving the hotel at that point. As soon as I brought the view into focus, I saw the duality. My shoulders slumped. Something had changed and made her future uncertain.
I rolled the view back further, trying to find the point just before the duality. She was in the middle of “Still Falling” when the duality started. Two timelines appeared at that point. The first one showed her finishing the show and heading for her hotel. In the second, she stood at her microphone, singing while playing the opening to “Still Falling” on her guitar. One by one, the other members of her band joined in. She didn’t have time to react when the lighting rig fell. The mass of metal and glass landed on her head, bending it back and snapping her neck. Her back contorted as the entire assembly of lights crushed her form into something nearly unrecognizable.
I felt the blood leave my face. She was gone, just like that. I closed my eyes, but I could still see the massive lighting rig crush the life out of her.
No!
No, damn it! It couldn’t be. 
But it was, and her young life had ended like that.
But only in one timeline.
I opened my eyes. Her broken body still lay on stage, one arm protruding from under the mangled pile of metal. I rolled the recording back, watching the horrifying event in reverse. I focused the view on the lighting rig as it rose into the air and left an intact Anna singing on the stage. It sat in the rafters above the stage, unmoving. And then, the image distorted.
It was all I could do to keep from smashing the keyboard. Anna had died—again!—and I couldn’t see what happened because the machine chose that moment to have a short circuit. On top of that, Max could return at any moment.
I took a deep breath. For her sake, I needed to think it through. I rolled farther back, and after several minutes, the distortion disappeared. I circled the view all around the lighting rig. Everything seemed to be in place. I scrolled forward, and the distortion appeared again. The warping didn’t look like a bad video recording or a television set to a non-existent channel. The very air seemed to shimmer, as if reality itself had malfunctioned.
I toggled forward and backward. The distortion existed for about five minutes during the concert and ended thirty seconds before the lighting rig crashed. I didn’t see the blurring on the stage or in the audience during the same time period. The distortion appeared only on the lighting rig itself, specifically on a nearby catwalk. The video looked like a science fiction movie with a bizarre visual effect. But it was no movie. I was watching the past as it had happened. Either reality itself had been distorted, or something prevented the machine’s viewing apparatus from seeing what went on in that spot during that particular time period.
I leaned back in my chair and gave it some thought. A theory formed in my mind.
I rolled the viewer back to the time when I had pointed the gun at the junkie. I saw the junkie open the door to his apartment, and then the screen blurred. The strange warping of reality continued during the time I knew I had pointed the gun at the junkie. I rolled back farther, focusing on the outside of the apartment building. Everything looked fine for a few minutes, then static  appeared outside the  apartment door. The distortion moved down the outside stairwell, around back, and into the alley. It stopped within the shadow of the building then disappeared.
Then it hit me. The viewer couldn’t show a place where someone from my time had been. The problem must have been with the amount of power involved. The machine’s viewer didn’t need as big of a tunnel and so used less electricity. The energy required to send me back was enormous in comparison, so it overpowered the viewer, like trying to see a light bulb in the middle of the sun.
My blood went cold. I’d never actually gone to her concert, not in the machine. That meant someone else had gone, someone from my timeline. Only a few people knew about the lab, but they all thought I was working on spying equipment. Ralph wouldn’t do something like that, even if he knew what the machine really did. I doubted his friends in the underground would try it, either.
My heart raced. Max. Somehow, Max knew what I had created, and he had used my machine to kill Anna. But why? And what else had he done?
I’d killed most of the logging the day before so no one could see what I was doing. Not that the gibberish in the logs would’ve made sense to anyone who wasn’t an engineer, but I had to be careful. However, I always kept certain logs intact, like the one that tracked power output.
I opened the log directory and clicked the power usage icon. A graph of readings appeared on the screen. I saw my power spikes from the past couple of days, but there were also five power spikes from the previous night, the time I’d spent in the parking garage. Someone had used my machine five times!
I didn’t feel different, but then I wouldn’t know if things had changed. I would remember things having always been the way they were, even though they may have been different the day before.
I stared at my monitor. Two possible timelines currently existed, one where Anna lived and one where she died. I’d seen that in the past couple of days when I saved her on three occasions. It was as if time had not yet decided what should happen. When I had gone back and changed things, the duality disappeared.
That meant she still had a chance.
I focused the exit point on the catwalk near the lighting rig. If someone had been there, it was either Max or one of his goons. My bet was on an underling. Max wouldn’t have wanted to risk putting himself in danger. No matter. I still had to try.
I fished through leftover parts from constructing the machine and pulled out a length of pipe made for shielding against high electrical current. More importantly, it was heavy.
I did a once-over on the machine. My invention had seen better days, but it worked well enough for what I needed. I programmed the trip for ten minutes and activated the machine.

~~~~

The music assaulted my ears as soon as I materialized. A massive television screen hung over the stage. Anna’s face filled the screen as she sang. Below the catwalk, she pranced about the stage, singing “Run with Me.” 
A man in a long coat stood on the catwalk with his back to me. He appeared oblivious to my presence. He focused his attention on her, his hand resting on the lighting rig. She had moved to the edge of the stage to bend and touch the hands of her fans. If the rig fell right then, it wouldn’t hurt anyone. He was waiting for the best moment.
I clenched the heavy pipe as I crept toward him. She was nearing the end of the song. I was almost on top of him when he spun around. He reached into his coat, and I thought, “Gun!” I brought the heavy pipe down on his head. He collapsed.
I stood over him, my hands still tingling from the impact of the metal against his skull. I didn’t know how bad he was hurt, but he would tell Max he had seen me. I raised the pipe. Dead, he could tell no one.
But I lowered it again. I wasn’t a killer like him, like Max. Anna was safe, and that was all that mattered.
His body shifted. I lifted the pipe again. But he didn’t sit up. First an arm flopped over the edge, and then the rest of him began to slide slowly off the catwalk. I dropped the pipe and grabbed his coat. The fabric tore, and the coat threatened to come open and dump him onto the stage. I took hold of his wrist and pulled, struggling to keep him from going the rest of the way over. As his legs dangled off the catwalk, I planted my heels and tugged at him. I thought I felt something pop, maybe his shoulder coming out of its socket. I kept pulling, and finally, I managed to pull him back on to the catwalk. I grabbed one of his ankles and pulled his feet to the side, making sure he wouldn’t slip off the edge again.
I collapsed just as the song ended. I sat there, trying to catch my breath, as the crowd roared. Anna’s face filled the giant TV screen as she spoke to the audience.
I checked the man. He seemed to be breathing, but I wasn’t sure. I carefully rolled him onto his back. The lights pointed at the stage, but I could still make out his face. My throat went dry.
His ear carried the scars of severe burns. I knew him. He was one of Max’s goons, the one who had taken Rhonda away.
Fear mixed with anger. Max had sent him back to kill Anna. Why Max wanted her dead I had no idea. A part of me wanted to let the man with the burned ear, the man who took Rhonda and tried to kill Anna, fall to his death. From the corner of my eye, I saw something metal glint in the stage lights—a large pair of bolt cutters. He must have been holding it when I clocked him.
I picked up the tool and stood. They looked large enough to cut the cables that held the lighting rig in place. Below, Anna stood in front of the microphone with her guitar. She would stay there for the entire song, which would’ve given Max’s goon enough time to cut every cable and let the rig crush her.
I felt a draft, as if someone had run past me. At my feet, the body, along with the pipe, was gone. I stood alone on the catwalk, holding the bolt cutters.
I leaned over the rail and watched Anna perform. She started singing “Still Falling.” I wished I knew whom she spoke of in her lyrics, what man she had fallen for. The machine pulled me back just as the song ended.

~~~~

My ears were still ringing when I reappeared in the lab. No one was waiting for my return. Smoke had filled the room as the machine worked overtime to crank out the power necessary to send me on my trip to the past. The ventilation system struggled to clear the room. For some reason, the fire alarm didn’t sound.
I tossed the bolt cutters aside and looked over the machine. Insulation on wires had melted, and fuses had burned out altogether. I took several minutes to replace the fuses, and I even managed to wrap electrical tape around the melting insulation on the wires. It would work, but not for long. What I needed was to tear the thing apart and rebuild it, but I didn’t have the time or the parts to do that.
The air had finally cleared. I looked up at the smoke alarm. The light blinked, indicating it was active, but the alarm never sounded.
I went to my desk. The camera showed the hall was still clear. I pulled up my keyboard and brought up the machine’s viewer. I scanned where I had just been. The distortion was still there, but the duality had disappeared. All I saw was Anna performing to the end of the show. I took a deep breath. She was safe, for the moment.
I shook my head as I looked at her image on the machine’s viewer. Why kill her? It made no sense. She wrote beautiful songs and made people happy. How could that matter at all to someone like Max?
My phone rang. I automatically reached for it then remembered that I wasn’t supposed to be there. The caller ID display read “Security office.” It might’ve been Max, but it was probably Ralph. I chanced it and picked up the receiver. “Lab.”
“Hey, Doc, you expecting a package?”
I clenched the phone tighter. “Yeah, Ralph, I’ll be right down.”
“Bring a pen. You got to sign for it, and mine’s dead.”
I hung up after he did. Our code was basic, but it worked. He wanted to meet, and telling me to bring a pen meant he wanted to meet outside the break room. Ralph had found a gap between camera ranges in the hall, where we could talk without anyone spying.
I locked down the computer and left the lab, hoping I didn’t run into any of Max’s men.

~~~~

I kept on the lookout as I tried to walk nonchalantly, but I only saw a couple of building security guys. Each gave me a nod as I passed. I trusted Ralph, but walking around the facility knowing Max was after me was nerve wracking.
When I reached the break room, Ralph nodded me over. A man carrying a stack of file folders walked past but didn’t give us any notice. 
I didn’t speak until he was out of sight. “I take it you dealt with the smoke alarm?”
He nodded. “It lit up on the board, and I figured it was you, so I shut it off right away. I investigated it personally and reported it as a malfunction.”
“I owe you,” I said. “But you know if Max sees me out here I’m in a lot of trouble.”
“He’s not even here.” Ralph let out a frustrated sigh. “He found the garage. He and his people are there now.”
“Just great.” I didn’t think there was anything there that would give away any of Ralph’s friends, but it still meant I couldn’t stay much longer.
“Doc,” Ralph said, “something’s wrong.”
“No kidding.”
“I’m serious.” Ralph gestured at the air, as if figuring out the best way to explain it. “Max went in last night with three guys. He only came out with one who had a bandage on his head. I double checked all security tapes and confirmed it. Two guys never checked out of the building. Also, the guy who was left carried something heavy wrapped in a blanket. It looked like…”
“Like what?”
He worked his mouth for a minute, as if he didn’t want to say it. “It looked like a body.”
My mind raced. So the guy I pounded on the catwalk had lived. At least, I assumed his bandaged head was because of me. Three guys and Max had been in the lab and used my machine, but the log showed five power spikes. Who else had gone back? And what had happened to the other two guys with Max? Maybe one of them was dead, as Ralph suggested, but if so, that meant one was still unaccounted for. He had to be in the past somewhere. And who had killed one of them?
I wanted to ask Ralph for details, but I couldn’t tell him about the machine, not yet. He’d want to use the machine, and if he couldn’t, he’d destroy it. I’d do that myself, but I had to be sure Anna was safe first.
“So where’d they go?” I asked.
Ralph shrugged. “Usually when Max’s guys go off the grid, it’s because they’re up to something bad.” He sighed. “Look, I don’t know how long I can keep them out. You need to finish what you’re doing and get out before Max catches you.”
“I will,” I said. “It shouldn’t be long now.”
“Good. Watch your back.”
I nodded, turning to head back to the lab. “Always.”

~~~~

I managed to get back into the lab without incident. After I locked the door, I pried open the locking mechanism and attached my tablet. I hacked it, making sure that only my access code would work.
I sat down at my computer and scanned the time period after the concert. I had to figure out the other four power spikes, who had caused them and why. Then I could destroy the machine.
The next duality occurred the morning after the concert.
An SUV drove out of the Hyatt Regency hotel garage, turned onto California Street, and headed south. The distortion started at that point. I fast-forwarded until the blur disappeared, and I saw the two timelines. 
The first one showed an ambulance. The old light rail train sat motionless on the track, partially blocking the intersection near the old Hyatt hotel. Debris littered the road and sidewalk. Paramedics wheeled a stretcher toward the contemporary restaurant attached to the hotel. The SUV rested on its roof inside the restaurant, having rolled through the front plate-glass window. The light rail had crushed one side of the vehicle. A woman’s hand protruded from under the SUV.
I ran my hand over my mouth. I was so tired of watching her die, but I had to know what happened. I focused on the other half of the duality.
Anna raced down the street in an old-model Honda Civic. Her eyes bulged as she drove erratically, cutting across lanes. She glanced up at the mirror, then her car jolted to the side of the road. She turned her head to see what happened, and the distortion appeared. I fast-forwarded several minutes and saw a police car parked in the road next to the Honda Civic. Anna wasn’t there, at least not in the immediate vicinity.
Two possible futures lay before me. In one, she died when her SUV rolled through a glass window. In the other… I wasn’t sure. She was in a car accident, and then she was just gone. I could probably find her, but it would take hours. I had located her before because I knew she stayed in that particular hotel. But I had no clue where she was scheduled to stay after that.
I leaned back in my chair and looked at the machine. I had completed what repairs I could, but without a full overhaul, the thing was on its last legs. I couldn’t make many more trips back, and I had four more power spikes to investigate before the machine short-circuited completely. 
The smart thing to do was get out while Max was away. The longer I stayed, the greater the chance I would get myself and Ralph in a lot of trouble. How many times could I save her with a broken machine I could never repair before Max got his hands on me? She wrote songs that moved people to tears, but if Max got his wish, she’d be dead, though I had no idea why he would wish that on her.
But I couldn’t stop. I had to keep trying to save her for as long as the machine worked. I didn’t want a world without her in it.
I scanned the area of the light rail accident before the distortion began, and I put together a plan. I set the destination and timer on the machine.

~~~~

I materialized in an alley. If I had timed my arrival correctly, I had about ten minutes before Anna left the hotel.
I picked up a brick sitting in the alley and stepped out into the street. While downtown traffic was heavy most of the time in that time period, Sunday mornings almost always had light traffic. That worked in my favor. I walked across the street toward the parking lot near the seafood restaurant. The only car present was a Honda Civic, identical to the one Anna drove in the duality.
I shattered the window of the Honda with the brick and unlocked the door. Hotwiring it took a little more than a couple of minutes. I checked my watch. I didn’t have much time.
I hit the gas and spun the tiny car around. The tires squealed as I pulled out of the parking lot. The intersection where Anna would die lay just a block south. The light rail crossed California Street at Fourteenth Avenue. Where the tracks turned onto California was the place the accident would happen. In the duality, the train slammed into the side of Anna’s SUV at that exact point. The street was one way going south, which meant I had to make sure I blocked both lanes.
Just before the intersection, I turned the wheel and stopped the car sideways, blocking as much of the two-lane street as possible. With luck, Anna’s driver would take another route.
I jumped out of the car, ran for a set of umbrella-covered tables that decorated the outdoor eating area of the hotel restaurant, and sat in one of the chairs. If the first timeline of the duality came to pass, I’d be right in the path of the flying SUV. It probably wasn’t the best place, but I didn’t need to wait for very long.
The SUV spun around the corner. I held my breath. The driver might reverse into the parking lot and turn around, or he could simply wait a few minutes, which I hoped was enough. He did neither. He just kept driving.
A loud electronic bell caught my attention. The train pulled away from the Convention Center Station and turned onto Fourteenth Avenue. The driver of the SUV took his time. The light changed at California, which meant the light rail had to wait before turning onto California. Normally, it would have stopped at the light, but instead, the light rail operator stopped after the first car turned onto Fourteenth. It’d been a while since I had ridden the light rail, but I knew that behavior was wrong. The operator had blocked traffic on the street behind him. Normally, he would pull forward to the light, which would line all of the light rail cars along Fourteenth Avenue, allowing traffic to move unimpeded behind him.
I squinted. The operator had pulled far enough ahead for him to see the SUV along the street, as if he had been expecting it. The driver of the SUV veered into the left lane to avoid the Honda. He never slowed.
The light rail accelerated, heedless of the red light. The SUV had the right of way, but the light rail plowed on.
Damn it. Nothing had changed.
I took off at a run, waving my hands. The light rail never slowed, but I knew he wouldn’t bother. I only cared about the SUV.
The SUV’s alarmed driver stared at me through the passenger window. I shouted and pointed at the train. The driver looked at where I pointed as he passed me. Through the back window, I saw Anna staring at me, her eyes wide. The SUV screeched to a stop. 
The train slammed into the front of the SUV. I dove across the sidewalk as the light rail spun the vehicle around until it faced the opposite direction. The SUV sat half up on the curb. Smoke poured from under the crushed hood. I stood, rubbing my elbows from where I had tumbled, and glanced at the guys in the front seats. They looked bad, but paramedics in that decade were pretty good about showing up quickly.
A back door of the SUV popped open. A man who must’ve been one of Anna’s bodyguards stumbled out, looking none the worse for wear. 
He shook his head, and then he saw me. “Who the hell are you?”
Gunfire erupted before I could answer. The back window of the SUV exploded into fragments. Over the gunshots, I heard Anna scream. Her bodyguard was good. He spun around, his pistol drawn, but he didn’t get the chance to use it. His body jerked several times as three bullets ripped through him. The pistol fell from his grasp.
I darted forward to catch the bodyguard as his legs gave out. He mumbled something, but the words didn’t make sense. I didn’t see any blood, which meant he was wearing a vest. I couldn’t focus on that right then. Anna was still in the vehicle, and there was a man out there with a gun.
God, everything was going wrong.
Footsteps approached from the other side of the derailed train. The light rail operator, still wearing his yellow-and-orange vest, pointed a revolver at the SUV while running toward the open door. He had to be one of Max’s goons.
I dove for the security guard’s pistol, just as a bullet ricocheted off the pavement. I hit my shoulder hard when I landed, but I managed to get the pistol. I aimed at the driver and squeezed the trigger. The shot went wild, but the operator turned and ran, firing another shot over his shoulder that hit the open SUV door. He pulled the trigger again while he ran, but it clicked on an empty cylinder. He had used his six shots. I pulled my trigger two more times, both missing completely. The operator ran around the corner at the end of the street and disappeared.
The bodyguard’s breathing was raspy. He’d be okay, but he wasn’t going anywhere.
“You.” She lay in the backseat on her stomach, staring up at me with her mouth open. 
We looked at each other for a few seconds. Finally, I asked, “Are you all right?”
“How… how did you get here?”
I reached for her. “I have to get you out of here.”
She didn’t hesitate, as if trusting me completely. She took my hand and crawled forward. I helped her out of the vehicle then looked down the street for the operator, but he was still nowhere to be seen. 
I didn’t have a lot of time before the machine pulled me back. I had thought I could get the driver of her car to avoid the train altogether, but the whole thing had snowballed.
She reached down to the bodyguard lying on the ground, but I pulled her away. “He’ll be all right. You have to get out of here.”
“We can’t just leave him.”
“They don’t want him,” I said. “They want you.”
“Who?” She pulled at my arm. “What do they want with me?”
“They want you dead.”
She was wobbly as I pulled her around the front of the SUV and led her toward the Honda. “Can you drive?”
She nodded. “What about them?” She gestured toward the men in the SUV.
“The paramedics will be here soon.” I didn’t know how true that was, but I knew her security would want her to be safe first. That was their job. For me, keeping her alive was a passion.
The Honda’s engine still hummed, untouched by the whole ordeal. I opened the driver’s door. “Get in.”
“What?”
“Get out of the city.” I looked around again. If the operator came back, I wouldn’t be there to help her. Damn it. I should’ve given myself more time in case things went wrong. “You can’t stay here,” I told her. “They can’t see outside the city. If you leave downtown at the very least, you should be safe.”
“See me?” She shook her head. “See me from where?”
I pushed her into the driver seat, but she grabbed hold of my coat. “Anna, please. You have to go. I can’t stay here much longer.”
“Why can’t you stay? And who are you? How do you know where to find me?”
It took me a second to comprehend the question. She’d asked how I knew where to find her, as if I’d done it often. And then it hit me. Of course she would remember me. I had saved her when she was ten and again when she was fifteen.
“I’ll explain later.” I pried her hand off my coat. “When you’re out of town, call your people on a landline and have them come and get you. And don’t use a cell phone. I’ll catch up later.”
“How will you know where I am?”
I shut the car door once she was inside. “I’ll know.”
I looked at my watch, then I ran around the side of the light rail to get out of her sight. Passengers stumbled around inside, but I didn’t care if any of them saw me disappear.

~~~~

When I reappeared in the lab, a message was flashing on my monitor. Ralph had marked it as low importance, which meant it was very important.
Hey, Doc, is this your lunch in the fridge?
The time stamp was right after I left. Ralph’s warning came a little late. The security monitor showed Max standing outside the lab door, along with the bandaged-head goon and a handful of security guys. Max had his arm in a sling. On the screen, I could see him speaking, but I had the intercom off, so I couldn’t hear. I switched it back on. “There a problem, Max?”
His winning smile was gone, replaced with a frown my father might’ve given if I’d come home after hours. “You know exactly why I’m here. Get out here, now.”
“I’m kind of busy right now, boss.”
He took a deep breath, acting as if talking to a petulant child. “Yes, I’m well aware.” He pointed at his sling, wincing. “You’re too busy shooting at me and my boys. And trying to save that silly girl.”
Shooting at him? 
He must’ve seen my reaction on the monitor on the other side of the door. That famous smile reappeared. “Oh, I see. You haven’t done everything yet.”
Smoke poured from my machine. “You’re pulling some late hours, Max.”
“And you’re using government property for personal business.”
“Why do you want her dead? She never did anything wrong.”
“Yes, she did. Or would have if I hadn’t stopped her.” His smile disappeared again. “She’ll ruin everything we’ve worked for, and you’re helping her.”
I still had three more power spikes to deal with. I carefully brought the viewer on line and scanned forward from where I had last gone. “You care to explain, boss?”
“Don’t be coy.” Max reached over and switched off the intercom. His mouth moved as he said something to one of the security people, and the guy turned and ran down the hall. Max flipped on the intercom again. “She needs to die, Eric.”
“Why?” I scanned the time period just after Anna had driven away in the Honda. Damn it. The duality had disappeared, but another one replaced it a few minutes after I’d left the past. “Max, how can some actress turned pop singer ruin things for you?”
I examined the two halves of the duality. One time line showed her lying in an alley, bleeding from a gunshot wound to the back. The other was nothing but a blur caused by someone going back in the machine.
“If you don’t know, Eric, then why save her?” Again, he smiled that loathsome smile. “You like her. You stupid boy, you care about her.”
I rolled the viewer back a few minutes before she died. Before the duality, the Honda crashed, just as I’d seen in part of the previous duality. Another vehicle had knocked hers to the side of the street, followed by the distortion.
“You got a thing for young girls, yourself,” I said. “What’d you do with Rhonda anyway?”
His face flushed. Even on the screen, it was obvious that he had to force himself to remain calm. “We’re not talking about me. We’re talking about that worthless girl you’re pining over.”
“If she’s worthless, why kill her?”
“She doesn’t know what she’s doing.” Max turned as the security guard returned. The guy carried what looked like a set of Jaws of Life. Max switched off the intercom and shouted something, then flipped it on again. “Her careless words ruined everything.”
“Your perfect little world is that fragile, huh?” I locked in on the position inside the alley a minute before Anna arrived. One of Max’s guys would be there. That was why she was dead on one side of the duality. What I needed was a gun, but I didn’t have one. Then it occurred to me. I did have a gun, or at least access to one.
“I should have known.” Max crossed his arms and shook his head. “How long have you been a Hater?”
“I’m a Hater, huh? I’m not trying to kill young girls, in the past or today.”
He clenched his jaw. He knew I meant Rhonda. He really must’ve had a thing for her, the poor girl. He came very close to losing his temper completely, but he maintained his cool. “That singer of yours has to go. The hate she spreads will change everything.”
“You keep saying that, Max, but I still don’t get it.”
“Of course you don’t.” Max thrust his finger at the camera. “I’ve worked hard to help create the perfection we have today. People like you spread your vile speech everywhere, and she’s the one who started it all.”
The security guard brought the giant cutter toward the door. Two of the other guards helped him. Max’s two men didn’t even try to help. They stared at the camera while Max bleated.
“She has to go, Eric. That’s how it works. There’s an order to things today, and she’s going to disrupt it. We can’t have that, so she has to go.”
“She’s a good person, Max.”
“She’s naïve. She’s doesn’t realize how bad she’ll screw up the world. I can’t reason with a person like that, so I have no choice but to remove her. It’s not personal, Eric. If you were smart, you’d see that. Now, you leave me no choice but to remove you as—”
The fire alarm suddenly went off, drowning out Max’s voice. The smoke had cleared, so that meant Max had done something to set it off. In a few seconds, it would open the lab door as a safety precaution.
I grabbed a screwdriver off my desk and dove for the door. I jammed the tool between the wall and the panel that covered the locking mechanism. Using the screwdriver as a lever, I snapped off the piece of metal, reached inside, and yanked at the wires. They sparked, giving me a little shock as the door mechanism short-circuited. That door wouldn’t be opening again. It kept them out, but it also kept me in. The only way I could leave was through the machine, and that would eventually bring me back.
On the screen, Max shouted at the security guards, pushing at them. I jammed the screwdriver under the smoke alarm and pried it off the wall. It silenced immediately.
Max frowned at the camera. “You’re only delaying things, Eric. Be sensible. Knock off this nonsense and help me out.”
“I’ll go back, Max. I can go back and stop you.”
Max laughed. “For how long? You can’t take her to the police. I have access to every police record, every report. If there’s a record of it, I’ll find it. I have resources you don’t. Once I get through here, I can undo everything you’ve done, and you’ll be out of the picture.”
The security guards went to work with the massive cutter. The window in the door was too small for a man, and the thick door was designed, along with the rest of the lab, to protect the rest of the building in case something went wrong. The only way for them to get through was to cut their way in. I guessed I had a couple of hours to save Anna.
“It’s over, Eric. You can’t save her more times than I can kill her.”
I ignored him and dug through my toolbox. A dozen handheld wrenches were probably enough, but I grabbed three more to be sure. Weight was critical, and I couldn’t be under by even a gram.
Max continued to bluster as I changed the coordinates for a different location and set the timer again.

~~~~

I materialized next to the dumpster outside the junkie’s apartment building and threw open the lid. The gun lay on top of an old box. I grabbed it and emptied the wrenches from my pocket, hoping their weight was enough to match the mass of the revolver. The last wrench barely hit the ground before I returned.
At the lab, Max continued to chew me out as if I’d never left. I ignored him and pulled up my keyboard. The machine ran hot but still functioned. I hoped it’d work long enough for what I planned. 

~~~~

The Honda raced around the corner a minute after I materialized inside the alley where Anna would die. She was swerving all over the road. Fortunately, that early on a Sunday, she wouldn’t endanger anyone. Behind her, a large sedan closed in and hit the left rear fender of the Honda. The collision sent her car into a tailspin. The smaller car bounced off the curb, bending the rim until the tire was almost horizontal with the street, then slid to a stop.
The sedan screeched to a halt several car lengths past Anna. A man casually stepped out of the driver’s side as if nothing mattered. I didn’t recognize him, but he wasn’t the one who had masqueraded as the light rail operator or the man I’d clocked on the theater catwalk. 
The goon strode toward Anna as she stumbled out of the Honda. She didn’t see him at first, but when she did, she backed away, shaking her head. He smiled and pulled out a gun. He looked as though he was thoroughly enjoying himself. Maybe that was why in the duality he had let her run down the alley before shooting her in the back.
I stepped out of the alley just as he approached. His mouth fell open when he saw me pointing the junkie’s gun at him. That instant of hesitation was all I needed. I’d never killed anyone, but knowing what he would do to Anna made it a little easier. 
I pulled the trigger. The first bullet hit him in the chest, but I squeezed off another round to be sure. The man lay on the sidewalk in a growing pool of red. I wondered what Max would think when the goon’s body returned to the future. Then I realized Max already knew about it. Ralph had said he thought he saw them carrying a body.
Anna stared at the dead man, her lips trembling. I knew the feeling. She’d probably never seen a dead body, much less a man killed in front of her eyes. 
“Anna?” I went to her and took her hand. She didn’t react. “Anna, we have to go now.”
The engine of the sedan was still running. I started to drag her toward the car, but I heard a police siren approaching. Even if I could outrun them, there’d be a record of the chase, leaving a trail for Max to follow. Giving ourselves up would also create a police record. Max could send someone right into her jail cell. One of Max’s goons could kill her and be gone in a minute. The only choice was to run, to get away from everyone.
I squeezed her hand. “Anna.”
She looked at me. “How are you doing this?”
“Doing what?”
“You always show up when I need you. How?”
I sighed. “Anna, I need you to trust me.”
To my surprise, she nodded. We ran down the alley, away from the approaching police. 

~~~~

“Can’t we hide here?”
She pointed at a parking garage. 
I shook my head as we turned up another alley. “Cameras in there are run by the owner. If they save recordings, then they’ll be stored somewhere. My people can look it up and send someone back.”
“They have cameras in the streets, too.”
“Those belong to the Colorado Department of Transportation. Those feeds are available on the Internet, but they don’t actually record them unless they set up something special. At least not yet.”
“What do you mean not yet? And how do you know all this?”
I looked both ways. No one was around, and thus no one was around to recognize her. “I lived in Denver most of my life.”
We hurried across the street and down another alley. Trash lined the area, filling my nostrils with the stench. Someone had stacked a pile of lumber near a dumpster.
“Where’d you get the gun?” she asked.
I felt for the revolver in my coat pocket. “I dropped it in a dumpster. I went back to get it, then came back again to save you.”
“You went back? Back from where?”
“It’s a long story.”
“No.” She pulled at my arm and turned me around. “No, I deserve to know. I want to know why you only appear when I’m in danger. Why do you have the same coat and the same shoes after ten years?”
I didn’t know what to tell her. The truth seemed too unbelievable. “I like these shoes.”
She put her free hand on her hip, looking at me the way my mother used to when I’d try to lie to her. “Ten years and they look the same, along with your coat. And you haven’t aged a—” She looked over my shoulder and her eyes widened. 
Before I could turn around, a hand reached under my chin. I lost my footing completely as someone yanked me backward. The breath went out of me as I slammed into the pavement. The light rail operator stood over me, anger written all over him. He reached down and twisted my wrist, forcing me to drop the gun.
“What the hell did you do?” He wrapped a hand tightly around my neck. “I was only supposed to be here an hour. I didn’t go back. Why is that, smart guy? Did you turn it off so you could come here? You son of a bitch, you stranded me, didn’t you?” He squeezed my neck. “I’m gonna break you, and then I’m gonna break your—”
I heard a thump that sounded like a cantaloupe bouncing off the concrete. I managed to roll to the side before he fell on top of me. He lay on the ground next to me, his eyes rolled up into his head. He still wore the yellow-and-orange reflective vest worn by light rail operators, though I was sure RTD had never hired him. God only knew what he had done to the real operator.
Anna stood over him holding a two-by-four. “That actually worked.”
“Yeah,” I said. “Good job.”
She tossed the piece of wood back onto the pile of lumber. She looked at the man’s crumpled form and grimaced. “Will he be okay?”
I had to smile. He had been intent on killing her, but she was still worried she’d hurt him. “Someone will see him and call the cops.” I didn’t know if that was true, but I had to get her out of there. I stood and grabbed her hand. “Let’s move.”
“Where are we going?”
I led her across the street. “To a place I know.”

~~~~

No one saw us. Thank God for small favors.
I retrieved the junkie’s spare apartment key and unlocked the door. The junkie wasn’t coming home any time soon.
She glanced inside the apartment. “Your place?”
I ran my hand across the back of my neck. “No, it’s not mine. But the guy who lives here won’t be back for a while.” I gestured for her to enter. Then I followed her in and shut the door behind us.
The place was as much of a pigsty as I remembered. She wrinkled her nose. I removed a stack of magazines from the loveseat. I peeked through the filthy curtains. Nothing moved on the street below.
“Whoever lives here doesn’t care about anything,” she said. “Who is he?”
“A friend,” I said. “He’s, uh, out of town.”
She gave me that motherly look again. 
I threw up my hands. “It belongs to a drug addict. He’s in jail right now.”
“And exactly how do you know this guy?”
“I just—”
“Don’t say you just do.” She wiped off the cushion of the loveseat with her hand. She sat, clasping her hands and resting them on her knees. I hadn’t had the chance to get a good look at her earlier. She wore black stockings and high heels. Her dress came down about mid-thigh, and she wore a dark coat. She was wearing makeup, even though it was early morning, and she must’ve had a late night. She had probably dressed up to meet fans at the airport. She’d been in two car accidents, but she seemed clear headed. I didn’t see any bruising or cuts. She was lucky. Hopefully, that luck would hold.
She stared at the cigarette-stuffed beer bottles on the couch for a moment. “You asked me to trust you, and I do. Now trust me. Where do you come from?”
I held up my watch. I still had some time. She stared at the three-dimensional display. I think that gave her the final clue. She wrapped her arms around her waist. Nothing like my watch existed in her time, and only a few people in mine were allowed to have such technology. I could almost see her putting it together: the watch, the fact that I wore the same clothes year after year. 
Finally, she tore her gaze away from the display and looked up at me. “So it’s true. You’re a time traveler.”
I nodded.
Her breathing quickened. “It explains everything. Your clothes, your shoes… it’s unreal.”
I didn’t know what to say. Time travel was new to me, too.
“When do you—” she started then shook her head. “How long can you stay?”
I held up my watch. “I have about an hour and a half.”
“And then you go back?”
I nodded.
“To where?” She tilted her head to the side. “Or should I ask when?”
I sat on the dirty sofa across from her, resting my elbows on my knees. “About ten years from now.”
She leaned back and crossed her legs, heedless of whatever grime was on the loveseat. She bit her bottom lip and stared at the floor. “I nearly drowned in the ocean, but you saved me. You laid me in the sand and stood over me. I remember you asking if I was okay. You left just as my parents arrived.”
“I didn’t want to transition back in front of them.”
“Transition?” she asked, but then she nodded. “No one ever found you. Only a few other people saw you. They said you wore a coat and tie.” She gestured at me. “Like the ones you’re wearing now. It was as if you just disappeared.”
“I did.”
“And then you came back. Five years later.” She indicated my clothes again. “You wore the same suit, the same shirt, and the same shoes as you do now.” She inhaled sharply. “Your hair was wet, and you smelled like the ocean.”
I only nodded. “I returned right after I pulled you from the ocean.”
“It was five years later.”
“For me, it was five minutes.”
She pressed her hand to her chest. “You pushed me and Tara out of the way. That truck would have crushed us both if it weren’t for you.” She drew in her breath slowly. “And you disappeared then, too. You went around a corner, and you were gone. And now, you’re here.”
“Yes.” I looked at my watch again. “For a little while, anyway.”
“Tell me. Tell me everything.”
I glanced at the window, resisting the urge to look out again. “It’s a long story.”
“We appear to have the time.” She smiled wryly. “Unless you think they’ll find us here.”
I shook my head. “If they knew we were here, they would’ve been here when we arrived.”
“Why would they be here?” Her eyes went back and forth for a second, and then she pointed at me. “Because if they knew where we were, they would travel back to this point.”
“Exactly.” I gestured at the grungy apartment. “It’s not the Hilton, but you should be safe here for now.”
She shrugged. “I’ve stayed in worse. I could tell you horror stories about my first tour.” She rested her hands in her lap. “But I’d rather hear your story.”
“I worked for the government. Like everyone else does. They acquired me to work on a special project.”
“Acquired? Did you have a choice?”
“No. Choice isn’t really in anyone’s vocabulary in the future.”
She shook her head. “What do you mean?”
I waved my hand around. “Everything here is going to change in the next few years. It’ll start slowly then spiral out of control, at least out of the control of everyday people. You ever read 1984?”
She nodded.
“That’s where people in your day are heading. People can speak, but not hateful things. Their movements are tracked, their careers decided for them… you get the idea.”
“Why?”
“Perfection. No one wants to leave people to their own devices. They might make the wrong decisions.” I shook my head. “It doesn’t matter. Think of any tyranny, and that’s what happens. It’s all the same in the end.”
She wrapped her arms around her waist.
“A few rebelled. They went into hiding, using old smartphones to communicate. The government had access to all cell towers, but those can be hacked. My job was to stop that, to stop the Haters from talking to each other.”
“Haters?”
“People who opposed the perfecting of humanity,” I said. “The word is they hate humanity because they refuse to allow people to be perfected.”
“It sounds horrible.”
I nodded. “There’s a team trying to track the phones accessing the cell towers, but they aren’t having much success. They don’t teach computer skills anymore. The government doesn’t want people knowing things like that. The rebels have no compunction about learning to hack, though, so they’re all one step ahead. So the government brought me in.”
“What did you do?”
“My job was to create a machine to find the rebels, but not through the cell towers. That was too obvious. So I had to build a machine that used the electrical grid to find old smartphones and similar devices. They give off signals when in use. The theory is that the power grid, through outlets in the wall of a home, would detect anything sending out a wireless signal. If someone turned on a phone, the outlets and electrical systems in the surrounding area would be used to track the device in question. Then the police would arrest the person using it.”
I snorted. “Talk about a lousy idea. I’m good, but I’m not that good. Still, you don’t tell these people they’re wrong. They can’t imagine such a thing. So I went along with it, hoping to gain access to any kind of useful information to pass on to the underground.”
“You were a… Hater?”
I smiled. “That’s what they call us.”
“So they asked you to build a spy machine, and instead, you built a time machine.”
“Not on purpose.” I tried to think of how to explain. “I had to build something to show them for the sake of appearances. I created a series of coils, a good thirty yards of the stuff, that looked a lot like a bowl of spaghetti. It created an electromagnetic field that would theoretically travel through the power grid, but it never did anything like that. I found an interesting side effect, though.”
 I chuckled. “One day, I walked toward the lab door and nearly got knocked in the head by a hammer. It had come flying out of the lab, but the door was closed. No one nearby could have thrown it. I picked it up and took it into the lab. The hammer was identical to another one I had sitting on my desk. They even had the same scuffmarks. It was as if someone had made a copy of it somehow. I didn’t figure out where it came from until the next day.”
I rubbed my hands together, remembering. “I was working in the lab when I set down a stack of books on what I thought was my desk. I wasn’t paying attention and missed the desk completely. The books dropped to the floor, but before they did, they caught the edge of a hammer. It flipped over and onto the copper spaghetti ball. The metal hammer hitting the bare electrical coils would’ve caused my whole rig to explode. For a split second, I thought I was a dead man. But instead, the hammer just… disappeared.”
I leaned back. “Poof. No smoke, no electrical fire—the thing simply vaporized. I looked everywhere for it, but it hadn’t fallen anywhere. I even shut off the machine and looked inside it to be sure. The only sign that hammer ever existed was the copy that had flown down the hall the day before, the copy that was still sitting on a shelf.”
She looked as excited as I had felt that day. “It was the same hammer, wasn’t it?
I nodded. “The device I created, the core of the machine, produced a field. This field has, well, unusual properties.” I stood and started pacing. “I decided that the next day I would do an experiment. I wrote down my name on a piece of paper and laid it on my desk. The plan was to throw it into the machine at ten in the morning the next day.
“I kept the lab door open, and at two minutes after four, I saw a piece of paper flutter to the floor just outside of the lab. My name was on it, in my handwriting. The paper looked identical to the one I had just laid on my desk, with one exception. It had a grease smudge on the corner.”
I took another peek out the window. “Just before ten the next day, I turned on the machine and was ready to toss in the piece of paper. I started to pick it up, but I ended up knocking it to the floor—right into a pile of grease I had accidentally spilled earlier that morning. It left a smudge, like the one on the paper that had appeared in the hallway the day before. I dropped it over the machine, and it disappeared. And that’s when it started.”
“Your escapades through time?”
Her smile captivated me. Every part of her captivated me. “Sort of. I rearranged the coils and directed the field into a corner of my lab. Anything there would go back when the machine was activated. I did a test by sending a small object back about a year, and I was able to view it.”
“View it?”
“I haven’t been able to study the system fully, but I think it opens an Einstein-Rosen bridge to a point outside the brane—that’s a hyper-dimensional membrane upon which our universe theoretically exists. The bridge allows us to leave space-time and re-enter at another point.”
She blinked, giving me a half smile.
“Well, anyway, I managed to rig the lab computer to follow the path of a tunnel created by the machine. I could change the size of the tunnel. By making it a pinhole, it used less energy, just enough to let light through. I could view that light through my equipment. It was like a camera I could point to anywhere at any place in time.”
She raised an eyebrow. “In a way, that’s what your boss wanted, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, I suppose it is.” I frowned at the thought before continuing. “Even better, I could make the tunnel bigger, big enough for a person to go through.” I started pacing again, gesturing with my hands. “It’s like being attached to a tether. After a set amount of time, the machine starts to shut down. As it does, it pulls you back in.”
“What happens if the machine was turned off early, before you were… pulled back?”
I shrugged. “I haven’t thought about it. I…” I snapped my fingers. “The guy who attacked us in the alley. He was from my time. He said something about not being able to return. Maybe that’s what happened to him.”
“Someone turned off the machine too soon, and now he’s stranded.” She raised an eyebrow. “Did you…?”
I shook my head. “No. I didn’t strand him, but I have a pretty good idea who did.”
She still seemed calm and relaxed, in spite of the fact she almost died earlier and was sitting there talking to a time traveler. “So you focused your… viewer back in time. Is that how you saw me drowning?”
“Well…” I looked at her sheepishly. “I actually just wanted to go to the beach.”
“The beach?”
“Yeah, I’d never been before. So I decided when I tested the machine I’d hit the sand.”
She smiled. “And that’s when you saw me.”
I stood in the middle of the room, watching her as she watched me. “I’d pinpointed a place in space and time. I set the machine to spin down after ten minutes. That’d give me ten minutes at the beach, and hopefully, no one would walk into the lab and see me gone during that time.”
“So, when you’re here for ten minutes, you return ten minutes after you left?”
“Yes, exactly.” I shrugged. “I didn’t have time to stick around after I pulled you out of the water.”
She uncrossed her legs and pulled them up under her. “What about the truck?”
I knitted my fingers together as I spoke. “When I went back, I wondered what happened to you after the beach. I managed to lock on to you and roll the view forward several years. You were in a wheelchair.”
“A wheelchair?” She ran her hands across her knees. “What happened?”
“You were hit by a truck. It killed your friend instantly, and you were paralyzed from the waist down.”
Her eyes welled up. “Tara died?”
“It was only a possibility.” I sat on the arm of the dirty sofa. “But I changed it.”
“But you saw that happen through your time machine?”
“Yeah, sort of.” I ran my hand over my mouth. “I saw two timelines. In the one with the accident, you were in the hospital playing guitar and singing to children. I used the viewer to look at your records. From what I could tell, you had your spleen removed due to the accident.” I hesitated. “Later, you died from an infection.”
She wrapped her arms around her knees, rocking back and forth for a moment in the loveseat. “But that didn’t happen.”
“No, it didn’t. In the other timeline, you stood on a street corner, talking to the police about the whole thing.”
“So they both happened? I mean, if it was in the past, your past, how could they both be true?”
“I’m not sure exactly. My theory is that they’re merely possibilities. I call them dualities. Two possible timelines. It’s as if the universe hasn’t quite decided what to do. Or maybe it was waiting for me to decide. I think those possibilities existed because of the machine. Because I can change things, the past is divided in places. If I go back and change things, then only one possibility remains, depending on what I’ve done.”
“Why only two?” she asked. “I mean why not a dozen, or a hundred?”
I furrowed my brow. That was a very good question. “Maybe I can only see the two most obvious choices due to the limitations of my machine.” I shrugged. “Honestly, I don’t know. I’m not even sure how the machine works exactly.” I stood and checked the window again. “The next day, I skipped forward and saw the junkie.”
She gestured at the mess around us. “The proud owner of this?”
I smiled. “Right. See, he was desperate to get a fix, so he went for a drive. He crashed right into your SUV.” I sat down on the sofa again. “The same thing happened as before. You were in a wheelchair. You had your spleen taken out. Again, you sang to children in the hospital. And again, you died.”
I ran my fingers through my hair. “You obviously were in pain, but you still sang to them. When you finished, you hugged each of them.” I closed my eyes for a moment. “You put their welfare ahead of your own.”
“What else could I do?”
It was such a simple statement. No other possibility existed for her. She released her knees and put her feet on the floor again. 
She straightened her back and looked directly at me. “Why did you do it? Why did you save me? I mean, there must be thousands of people more worthy of saving. So why me?”
I held up my hands. “Would you rather I hadn’t?”
“Don’t treat me like that.” Her nostrils flared. “Did you just like my singing that much? Is that why you keep going back and saving my life?” She stood up, gesturing at the window. “And who are these people? Why do they want me dead?”
“It’s my boss. He wants you dead.”
“Why? What have I done?”
I shrugged. “I only know the guy I work for insists you have to be dead.”
“And what happens if I live?”
“Then my world will never be,” I said. “The horror of my present, your future, won’t happen. Without you, the world goes to hell.”
She shook her head. “I… I haven’t done anything.”
 “You will.”
“But what?” She paced frantically. “I’m a singer. I write songs and sing them. How could someone like me change the world?”
You’ve changed my world.
She wrung her hands. “You’re part of this resistance.”
“The Haters.”
“What an ugly name.” She stopped pacing and wrapped her arms around her body. “This resistance told you to come back and save me, right?”
“They don’t even know the machine exists.”
She opened her mouth to say something, and then closed it again. Her eyes darted back and forth for a moment. “Then why are you here?”
“You have to live,” I said. “Whatever you do will change the world, at least that’s what the people trying to kill you think.”
“You knew this when you saved me from drowning? When you pushed me and Tara out of the way of that truck?”
I started to respond then stopped. I knew the answer. I just didn’t want to say.
“And what about this drug addict? The one who also nearly killed me. Did you know then?”
I shuffled my feet a little and avoided looking at her. 
“I didn’t think so.” She walked over to the couch and sat next to me. 
I could feel her there, inches away. I didn’t dare look at her. I didn’t want her to know what I was thinking.
“It doesn’t matter,” I said.
“It does to me.”
I felt her eyes on me, but I could only think of excuses. She’s too young for me. She’s a movie star, a pop star, an idol to millions. She has more money and fame than I’ll ever have. She has her choice of men and she’s certainly not going to want anything to do with a thirty-something engineer who lacks even the tiniest creative fiber.
“Look at me.” Her voice was barely above a whisper. “Look at me.”
I turned my head. 
Her eyes sparkled. “Every day since I was ten, I’ve wondered who you were. I’ve only been in your life for a few days, but you’ve been a part of mine for over half of my life.” She took my hand. Her smile broadened. “You’re my guardian angel.”
Her song ran through my head. “I’m no such thing.”
Her lower lip quivered. “Don’t you care?”
My mouth fell open. “Of course I care. I saved you, didn’t I?”
“But why?”
“What do you mean why? I only did what I had to.”
“And why did you have to?” She squeezed my hand. “What am I to you?”
I stared at her. Back in the future, Max was drilling through a wall. He could turn off the machine and strand me there with her. Part of me hoped he would.
“There’s so much ugliness in my world. There’s no joy, no desire, and no hope.” I tried to pull my hand from hers, but she held tight. “For me, your music didn’t exist until a few days ago. When I first saw you play guitar at fifteen, I’d never heard anything so beautiful. I couldn’t let someone like you die.”
She sat quietly, but I saw the emotions brewing behind her eyes.
“You’d had surgery a few days before. You were in pain, but you sang to those children anyway. You stayed with them until the doctors insisted you go back to bed. You were in tears as you hugged them. Some of them cried, but you soothed them until they calmed down. They mattered more to you than your own health. No one in my world is like that.”
I squeezed her hand. “No matter how many people they send back, I’ll stop them. If the universe wants you dead, it’ll have to kill me first.”
For a while, we sat there. I didn’t want to move. I wanted to stay there with her all day, but I knew I couldn’t. The irony was that I had a time machine, but I was running out of time. I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.
She bit her lip. “What do we do now?”
“We wait, at least for now.” In truth, I didn’t know what to do. “When I transition back, I’ll return again, giving myself more time. Like I said earlier, if they knew we were here, they would already be here.”
“Shouldn’t they already know where I am?” She waved her hand through the air. “If this viewer can see me anywhere, does it matter where I go? Why can’t they find me if you found me?”
“I found you at the beach by chance,” I said. “From there, I was able to track you to this time. They knew about the concert and could follow you from there. That’s how they caught you at the light rail tracks.”
“They knew where I crashed the car. They could have followed me from there.”
I shook my head. “The viewer is unable to view places a traveler has visited in the past. I’m not sure why, but I think the power of the machine sending someone back overwhelms the viewer. I think of it like dropping food coloring into the ocean. The surrounding water overwhelms the colored fluid. The scene gets distorted when you try to view someone in the past, like in the alley. Their man was there, so they couldn’t see what happened. I’m sure they’re searching the entire city for you, but it’s the old needle-in-a-haystack routine.”
“But they have all the time they need, don’t they?” she asked. “I mean, they could spend months searching every house, and they’d eventually find me.” She grew more animated as she went on. “For that matter, why can’t they send back hundreds of people to deal with me? They have the entire future open to them. They can send someone back for four hours, and then four hours after that, send back someone else. They could do this for weeks or longer. They could have hundreds of people scouring every part of the city. Or even the entire country.”
I raised an eyebrow. All good points. People liked to think of her as some silly girl who was as shallow as a puddle of rain in the street, but she had wrapped her brain around the subject quickly. Beautiful, smart, and talented. Definitely out of my league.
“The machine is breaking down,” I said. “I don’t have the parts or the time to fix it. The farther back you travel or search, the more power it requires, but it can’t use as much power as it used to. Distance is a factor, too. Apparently, the farther away from the point of the machine you open the tunnel, the more power is required. This applies to both traveling back and to using the viewing system itself.”
“So that’s why you told me to leave the city earlier. If I’m out of the city, they can’t see me.”
“Essentially, yes. Currently, the machine’s viewing capabilities are limited to the downtown area.” I rubbed my chin. “Now it’s best to stay here, since we know they don’t find you here.”
“Because they would’ve been waiting for us if they knew.”
I nodded.
“So how long until the machine breaks completely?”
I shrugged. “Maybe a few more trips and it’ll be done for. They’d be lucky to send back five people.” I looked at my watch. “I have enough time to get you out of the city.”
“And then you’ll leave me.” Her voice cracked on the last word. Part of me hoped that was for me and not from fear of being alone.
“Yes,” I said. “The machine will pull me back.”
I wanted to say more, to say I’d be back as soon as I could. What I needed to do was to track down the cause of the next power spike and then travel to that point, but I didn’t want to alarm her by telling her I’d see her again the next time someone tried to kill her.
Before I could say anything more, someone pounded on the apartment door. Anna let out a shout, standing abruptly as she covered her mouth. I reached for the revolver in my pocket. Was it one of Max’s goons? But he would’ve simply appeared in the room, and he would’ve done so long before.
“Vince!” The door creaked under the pressure. “You think you can run from T-Ray?”
“Oh, God, Oh, God,” Anna whispered. “Who is that?”
“Open up, goddamn it, you stupid junkie.” He hammered the door again. I could’ve sworn the door gave a little. “I got my boys here with some chains and a pair of pliers. We gonna work on you unless you got the cash.”
Crap. That must be the infamous T-Ray the junkie had kept babbling about when I’d waited out the time with him. I felt for the gun in my pocket. If he was alone, I could probably take him. But even then, someone would call the police when they heard a gunshot. That would mean a record, and Max’s goon would appear.
“What do we do?” she asked.
I ignored her for the moment and darted for the window. I pulled the curtain aside. A fire escape lay just beneath the window.
“Open the window,” I said, keeping my voice low. I ran to the bedroom.
She hissed after me, “Where are you going?”
“Finding you a disguise.”

~~~~

I pried the cover off the steering column of the old Mitsubishi and dug for the wires. I wished I hadn’t tossed the keys into the drain the day before.
Anna stood next to the passenger-side door, keeping a lookout. We’d managed to get down the fire escape before T-Ray broke into the apartment. We ran around the corner to the junkie’s car down the street.
Anna tucked a strand of hair inside her hoodie. I had actually found a clean one in the junkie’s apartment. The jacket was much too big, but the hood covered her face well, which was all we needed.
“You can hotwire a car?”
I peeked at her through the steering wheel. “Just a trick I picked up at engineering school.”
“That’s a requirement for engineers in the future? Boosting cars?”
“No, but it is helpful when you’re part of the underground.”
She nodded, a wry smile crossing her face. I smiled back. I wanted her to feel at ease, as if the plan would work. I wasn’t so sure it would. The reactor’s log had shown five power spikes. I’d accounted for the man in the lighting rig—he was with Max in the future—the light rail operator—he appeared to be stuck in the past—and the goon who tried to shoot Anna—his body rested in peace ten years in the future. That still left two more power spikes, two more chances for Max to take her life.
She looked up and down the street nervously. “You know, if I’m supposed to do something that saves the future, and I’m alive now, then doesn’t that mean this evil government of yours can’t exist at all?”
“Yeah, I thought of that.” I found the wires and pulled them loose. “I’m not sure. Maybe the existence of the machine means there is always the possibility the past can be changed.” 
“Oh, God, I hope not.” She took a quick look up and down the street. “I’d be running for the rest of my life.”
“Not if the machine breaks down. Then they can’t use it anymore.” I touched the wires together, and the car roared to life. I crawled out from under the steering column. “Your chariot awaits.”
She shook her head. “Cute.”
I ran around to the other side of the car and opened the passenger door for her. She did a little curtsey and climbed into the car. At least she didn’t seem terrified anymore. I wished I could’ve said the same about me.
It’d been a while since I’d driven a stick. She put her hand to her mouth, smiling as I ground the gears a few times before getting the car out on the road and headed west toward the highway. I stuck to the ponderously slow speed limit. A traffic ticket would lead them right to us.
She spoke after a few blocks. “If someone reports the stolen car, there’d be a record of it, right?”
“Lots of cars get stolen in that neighborhood. They can’t go back in time to check them all out. At least not before the machine breaks down.”
“Can’t they fix it?”
I shook my head. “I’m the only one who knows how.”
“They’ll try to force you to fix it.”
“I won’t do it. They can’t make me. If they had, there’d be a lot more of them around.”
“What will they do to you?” she asked. “I mean after this is all over, after you go back for good?”
I shrugged. “Re-education, probably. Or…”
“Or?”
I didn’t look at her. She understood as well as I did. I wouldn’t fix the machine, which meant my life was over.
“Can you come back?”
“Not permanently,” I said. “The machine would just pull me back again.”
“Unless the machine broke down while you were here.”
I thought about it for a moment then grinned like a kid. Of course. I couldn’t fix the machine in the future if I stranded myself in the past. Just like what had happened to the light rail operator. That was the solution. Maybe Max had already broken into the lab and shut it off, leaving me in the past. But then, what could I do stuck in Anna’s time?
“Anna,” I said, “I don’t belong here.”
She smirked. “And I’m not supposed to be alive. What’s your point?”
I pulled into the right-hand lane and got on the ramp to the highway. “What would I do?”
“You invented a time machine. I’m sure you’ll think of something.”
I laughed and shook my head. “You’re wonderful, you know that?”
“I know.” She looked at me out of the corner of her eye. “But keep telling me anyway.”
On the highway, I headed north. I needed to get into Westminster at least. The machine certainly couldn’t operate that far. I glanced at her. She stared ahead, smiling. To her, everything was fine. To me, it wasn’t over. I didn’t know when it would be over. I’d have to destroy the machine somehow while I was in the past, and then I would remain there.
And then… what? What about us? I imagined us being together, living in a house in the mountains. We could sit together and watch the sunset. We could…
I shook my head. 
She noticed the movement and turned to look at me. “What?”
“Nothing.”
She narrowed her eyes. “When men say ‘nothing,’ it’s always something.”
“It’s just… after this is done…”
She reached for my hand. “It’s fate.”
“Fate?”
“Yeah. Don’t you believe in fate?”
I shrugged and let an eighteen-wheeler pull in front of me. “Not really.”
“You should.”
I glanced at her. She squeezed my hand again as she smiled. I checked my watch and frowned. Soon, I’d have to pull over and let her drive before the machine pulled me back. But not yet. I wanted to spend some time with her as she held my hand.
We were approaching I-70 when she spoke again. “Do you think we’re clear now?”
“Maybe. I want to get further north.”
She nodded. “When you think we’re safe, I’ll call my people.”
“What?” I looked over at her. 
She had a smartphone open in her lap, the display lit. “I usually keep it off during shows,” she said. “I forgot to turn it on earlier.”
My blood went cold. “Throw it out the window. Now!”
“What?”
“I said no cell phones. Cell phone companies keep records. They can track it.”
She stared at the display for a second before the realization hit her. Frantically, she rolled down the window. Before it was halfway down, she tossed the phone out and onto the highway. It didn’t have time to bounce before a red sedan raced up beside us. Max sat in the driver’s seat, smiling as he pointed a gun at me.
I heard the gunshot as I slammed on the brakes. The glass from the half-open window shattered. Anna leaned forward, her seat belt catching her as she was flung toward the dash. Another gunshot ripped through the air. The bullet punctured the windshield, creating a spider-web crack through half of it.
I yanked the wheel, sending the Mitsubishi into the back rear fender of Max’s vehicle. The car jolted as it connected with the sedan. Max fought his car as it fishtailed, spinning around in front of me. I swung around and passed him on the right. We looked at each other for a brief moment. His classic smile was gone. Soon his car was behind me.
Tires screeched as other cars tried to avoid Max’s spinning vehicle. Metal crunched as some collided into each other. 
I pulled over onto the shoulder and brought the car to a stop. My watch indicated my time was almost done, and I had no idea how long Max would stay in the past. “Anna, you need to take the wheel, now.”
I glanced up at the rear view mirror. Max had recovered from the spinout. One car clipped his rear end, but he kept driving. His rear bumper bounced on the pavement as he accelerated toward us.
“Anna, I said…” 
One look told me everything was wrong. A deep crimson had spread across her chest, staining her hoodie. Tears ran down her cheeks. She smiled and took my hand in hers. 
My head shook back and forth. “No, no… God, Anna.”
She squeezed my hand, not nearly as hard as before, and then her grip relaxed. Her head tilted forward. She didn’t move. I reached for her chin and lifted it. Her head lolled to the side, her eyes looking at nothing at all.
I sat staring at her lifeless body, still shaking my head as I held a hand that grew colder. She’d written songs that moved the world to tears. But she wouldn’t write again. I’d saved her so many times, but in the end, Max had won.
“Eric, Eric.” Footsteps approached. “You have a lot of explaining to do.” Max sounded cocky, as always. He’d just killed a young woman, and he felt nothing. 
My world had fallen apart. I’d done so much for her, and it wasn’t enough. Nothing mattered anymore, except that Max needed to die. I reached for the gun in my coat. I had my hand on it when I heard another hammer click outside the window.
“Turn around, son. Slowly.”
I turned my head. Max stood there, his revolver aimed at me, a half smile on his face. Down the highway, traffic had snarled because of the accident. Max had left his car parked in the left lane. I wondered if I could reach for the gun and pull off a shot before he killed me. 
His smile grew wider. He had me, and he knew it. “A time machine.” He nodded. “Not what I was looking for, but it’ll do.”
“Bastard.”
“You need to watch the language, young man.” He gestured with the gun. “Hands where I can see them.”
I still had my right hand on the gun in my coat pocket. I could get him. He might get me too, but that would be just fine. I nodded and lifted my left hand. 
“Nice and slow.” In the distance, sirens blared. He glanced back at the accident. “So tell me. How long—”
I brought up my right hand, gripping the gun. I raised the revolver just above the open window. He turned as I pulled the trigger, and his face lit up in surprise. Two shots rang out at once. His bullet whizzed past my head and went through the windshield.
I hit him in the shoulder, sending him reeling back into the road. I unlatched the door and kicked it open. I staggered out, pointing the gun at Max as he writhed in the middle of the highway. I took careful aim and squeezed the trigger again.
Everything flashed brightly for a brief second, just before the hammer fell. The gun report rang my ears as the bullet entered the far wall of the lab. I collapsed to the floor. I could still see her in front of me, blood staining her clothes. I could still feel her fingers around my hand.
She was gone. She’d trusted me, and I had failed her.
I stood and paced the lab. I upended a table, sending tools everywhere. Smoke filled the room, but I barely noticed it.
Max’s voice came over the intercom. “What’s going on in there?”
I pushed the intercom button so hard I felt it crack under the pressure of my thumb. “You bastard! You goddamn bastard!”
Max smiled at the camera. “So she’s dead for good now, huh?” He laughed as if I had lost a bet on a football game.
I moved away from the camera so he couldn’t see me. I continued pacing, still holding the gun in my hand.
“It had to be this way, Eric.” I heard the sounds of the cutters and drills in the background as he spoke. “Trust me. We’re all better off with her dead.”
I flipped open the cylinder on the gun. I had one bullet left. When Max came in, I could shoot him. He deserved it, and by God, I wanted to do it.
“I’m sorry you liked her, Eric. I really am. I even forgive you for shooting me.” On the security monitor, he pointed at his sling. “But you can make it up to me.”
Smoke poured from the machine, forcing the ventilation system to work overtime as it tried, and failed, to clear the air. I checked the machine diagnostic. The power levels were way below what they used to be. I couldn’t go back a week, much less ten years to stop Max from killing Anna. Max had won, which meant nothing else mattered. She was gone for good, and the world would be a hellhole forever. I wanted to put my hand through a wall, or better yet a bullet through Max.
“Seriously, did you think she would care for you? Did you think she’d spend the rest of her days with you in some cottage surrounded by a picket fence? That’s a fantasy, Eric, a fantasy you were willing to have at the expense of all of civilization.”
I took a deep breath, letting the smoke burn my lungs. I coughed in the thick air. The ventilation system struggled, but it wouldn’t get rid of the smoke. Soon, I wouldn’t be able to breathe.
“There are lots of girls in the world, Eric. You help me rebuild this machine, and you can have your choice. Trust me. I know.”
I thought of Rhonda, the young girl who had disappeared, and wondered if he was referring to her. Dear God, I wanted him dead so badly.
“We can make things right, Eric. We can make a perfect civilization. With your machine, we can change whatever we want. We can finally perfect humanity.”
Red lights on my monitor highlighted problems, but the machine still worked. I reached for the viewer.
“This has been the dream, Eric. You can share it with me.”
I scanned as far back as I could. The damage was worse than I thought. Given the current power availability, I could go back a day, no more. Through the viewer, I watched myself working on the core of the machine. I could scan right up until Max had visited me the previous night. I watched him leave, and then Ralph arrived shortly afterward. When we both left, the distortion appeared.
The distortion…
It hit me like a wrecking ball. It was so simple I almost didn’t see it. I didn’t have to go back to stop Max. I could stop every change he made in one swoop, and none of this would have happened.
It also meant she wouldn’t remember me, and I might not remember her.
But she would live.
“It’s over, Eric.”
I reached over and shut off the intercom. I focused the viewer on the lab, just hours ago. The machine could manage that much before it gave up completely. I set the timer for a couple of hours, even though I wouldn’t need that long.
I glanced at the door. They’d be through before long. Max still shouted at the camera. I turned my back on him and activated the machine.

~~~~

As soon as I materialized, I ducked out of sight just as the door closed. My past self turned back, as if he had seen something but brushed it off as paranoia—just as I remembered myself doing.
Once the door closed, I glanced at the security monitor. Ralph and my past self walked down the hall, talking. When they rounded the corner, I stood and looked at the machine. It was in much better condition than the one in the future. The table I’d knocked over earlier—at least, earlier from my perspective—remained in an upright position, every tool where it had been before.
I couldn’t have gone back to save Anna, not with the machine I had in the future. But the machine I was looking at was newer, fresher. I had less than an hour before Max would appear to use the machine himself.
I powered it up while formulating a plan. I could appear in the car next to Max and force him to run it off the road, but I wasn’t sure about the repercussions. Max had killed Anna, which caused me to go back and stop Max from killing Anna. But if Max never killed Anna, then I wouldn’t know to go back and stop Max from killing her. I wasn’t sure what that paradox would do to the universe.
When the machine reached full power, I activated the viewer. I scanned back to before the concert, before the events that lead to Anna’s many deaths. I needed to go back to before Max’s changes and warn her. Her security would see me as a threat, but she would remember me from her past, from when I had saved her when she was a young girl.
I focused on the time of her arrival at the hotel on the night before the concert. That would be the best time. That would be before everything else had happened—or would happen, depending on where in time I was. I zoomed out, looking down on her entourage as they arrived at the hotel. Just before she exited my field of vision, the image distorted.
Distorted?
I spun the view around, looking for the source. The center was on top of the hotel roof. Someone had gone back to that point and stood on the roof. The distortion existed until Anna entered the building, then it disappeared.
I pushed the viewer aside. I remembered five power spikes from the future, and I’d accounted for all but one.
I checked the logs, but the only power spikes were the times I had gone back. The distortion meant someone had gone back, yet the log showed only three power spikes—one when I had saved her from drowning, one from when I’d pushed her out of the way of the car, and the last when I had stopped the junkie. If there was distortion on the roof, there should be a fourth power spike, but there wasn’t. That meant whoever went back to the time I was viewing hadn’t gone back yet.
I looked at the viewer again, forwarding to the point where the distortion disappeared. When it did, a single person stood on the roof as if in a daze. He wore my coat, my hat, and my tie. In his hand was a gun that looked like the same revolver I had. I watched myself watch the sun set over the Rocky Mountains. No distortion obstructed my view, as if I belonged there.
I felt a chill wash over me, followed by calm. Everything became clear. I knew what would happen and what I had to do. But first, I needed help.
I pulled up my email and sent a message. I think there’s a rat in here. Come quick.

~~~~

Ralph stormed into the lab, his baton at the ready. When he saw me, he nearly dropped it. “How the hell’d you get in here? I just saw your car pull away.”
I stood calmly. “Ralph, I don’t have time to explain. Max is going to be here in less than an hour.”
“What? How…?” Ralph put his baton away. “Doc, you better clue me in fast.”
“The machine works.”
He stared at the contraption that filled most of the lab. He thought my comment meant that Max could spy on anyone, including our people. If he knew the truth, he’d be even more horrified, but that’d take too long to explain.
“Ralph, I need you to help me destroy this thing.”
He looked thoughtful then nodded. “Be right back.”
He ran out the door. Five minutes later, he returned with a cloth bag full of canned peas.
“Hungry?” I asked.
He didn’t acknowledge me as he set the bag down on my desk. He removed the canned peas from the sack. It turned out they were only what was on top. 
When he emptied the rest of the sack, I whistled. “Where’d you get C-4, Ralph?”
“Doesn’t matter.”
I raised an eyebrow at him. 
Finally, he relented. “My friends thought it’d be safer to torch this place than to wait for whatever information you got out of it.” He put the empty bag on the floor. “I was going to tell you about it, I swear.”
I shrugged. I wasn’t the only one keeping secrets, and it didn’t matter anyway. “Will that blow up the machine?”
“It’ll destroy most of this section.” Ralph started connecting what looked like kitchen timers to the blocks of C-4. “How long?”
I held up my watch. “Max will be here in thirty-five minutes. Maybe set it off a little before that.”
Ralph nodded. “I guess it won’t break my heart if he gets caught in the blast.”
“I couldn’t agree more.”
Over the next ten minutes, we worked on the bombs. I placed three of them around the coils of the machine and a fourth near the computer that controlled the machine.
“You know,” Ralph said, “I never thought I’d say this, but I really miss the time I moved furniture for a living. At least my life wasn’t in danger.”
“I hear you.” I walked toward the door. “Ready?”
Ralph nodded. “Time to go.” He fell in step behind me.
I held up a hand and stopped. “I just forgot one thing. I’ll be right behind you.” 
Ralph looked up at me, his face grim. “This ain’t a suicide mission, Doc.”
“I know that.” I had the coordinates entered. I just had to activate the machine.
“Doc—”
“I’ll be all right.” I looked at Ralph, knowing it was the last time I’d ever see him. “I’ll meet up with you guys tomorrow, like we planned.”
Ralph regarded me for a moment before nodding. He extended his hand. “See you there.”
“You too.”
We shook hands, and he left. I watched him run down the hall on the monitor. I knew he’d hit the fire alarm to get everyone else out of the building. For a Hater, he was a pretty good guy.
If I was right, then the whole place would never have existed, at least not as a branch of the government. I would never have met Ralph or any of his friends. The resistance wouldn’t have existed. It would never have been needed anymore.
If I was right, Anna would live, but she wouldn’t remember me.
I set the controls and gave myself an hour. The bombs would go off long before that. I took one last look around my lab, doing something I hadn’t done in over a decade—I prayed. 
I turned on the machine for the last time.

~~~~

The first thing I saw when I materialized on the rooftop was Max. His presence startled me, though I should’ve known. I had seen myself holding the gun. I must’ve had it in my hand for a reason.
He stood on the roof edge, cradling a revolver. The sun had begun to sink over the Rocky Mountains. Max cocked his head then spun around. He smiled that winning smile, a smile I would happily never see again. He ignored the gun I pointed at him. “Son, you don’t give up. I respect that.”
“Don’t start, Max. Just back away from the ledge.”
He shook his head and showed me his own gun, but he didn’t point it at me. “Not going to happen. This is too important.”
“Haven’t you killed her enough times?”
“Apparently not.” He gestured at me with his hand that was in the sling. “I saw you in the machine. You came back to warn her, didn’t you?”
I clenched my jaw while running my finger along the revolver’s trigger. “You found her when she turned on her phone, didn’t you?”
He nodded. “That machine of yours seems to have a limited range. But it didn’t matter. I pulled up the cell phone records. I’m sure glad the phone companies tracked all that information. I used that to pinpoint her last known location, and you remember the rest.”
I did remember. I wanted to shoot the smug bastard right there.
“After I shot her, I saw two timelines through your machine. I didn’t know why. In one, we perfected society, and in the other, we didn’t.” His grin broadened. “I figured maybe you were trying to stop me by going back in the machine, or rather, you would go back. So I decided to send a man back earlier to set up the light rail accident. After he went back, I sent a second man to chase her down just in case she managed to survive.” He raised an eyebrow. “The first one never came back, though. I’m guessing resetting the machine stranded him.”
I just nodded and let him ramble.
“Nice work at the light rail,” he said. “And how did you manage to send my other man back with two bullets in him? He was a professional.”
“You didn’t give me any choice, Max.”
“There’s always a choice.” Max narrowed his eyes at me. “By the way, you didn’t know I shot her later, did you? You didn’t know you were the one who shot me when you first saw this.” He pointed his wounded shoulder. “Interesting. I shot her then set up the light rail crash. But from your perspective, you saved her from the light rail accident and then saw her get shot.” He held up his hands. “Whatever. Neither plan worked.”
Max looked over the ledge, but I knew she wouldn’t arrive just yet. “To be sure, I sent my last man back to drop the lighting rig at the concert. I couldn’t watch it happen, though. The damn machine wouldn’t let me. Everything was distorted.” He frowned. “I thought it was a simple plan, but next thing I know, my boy returns with a concussion and a metal pipe in place of the bolt cutters I sent with him. I suppose you could explain that, but it doesn’t matter now.” Max shook his head. “A lot of people got hurt on this one, but that’s how it is. Omelet, eggs—you know how it works.”
“They’re people, Max. But you never could understand that, could you?”
He covered his heart with the hand holding the gun. “You wound me, sir. I care. We all do. Why do you think we want to perfect society?”
“Killing girls perfects society?”
“Killing that one does, yes.”
I gritted my teeth. “You’re a sick man, Max.”
“If trying to save civilization makes me sick, then so be it.” He shrugged. “I wanted to go back further and try more changes. But I’d spent so much time trying to figure out the machine then sending people back, I knew you’d be in the office soon. I sent people to round you up, but you’d disappeared. I guess you like taking precautions.”
“Everyone does in our time, Max. Thanks to people like you.”
He shook his head, making tsk-tsk sounds. “I should have figured you for a Hater.” His smile lessened, but didn’t disappear. “How’d you get back into the lab? I had your clearance revoked. Was it your friend Ralph?”
“Like you said, I like taking precautions.”
“I’m sure you both do. Like when you disabled the cameras in the lab?” He wagged his finger at me. “If you thought those were the only ones, then you’re not as smart as you think you are.”
“That’s how you found out about the machine, isn’t it?”
He nodded. “You gave yourself away. When you watched her concert on the machine’s viewing system, the camera angles were wrong, as if someone set up their own camera to float around the arena.”
He took another quick look at his watch. He wasn’t about to miss his appointed time. “I realized you were watching it in real time through that machine of yours. I confronted you about it that night, but you lied to me.”
“What’d you expect?”
“I expected you to act like a Hater, which is what you are.” He spoke as a father would to a naughty child. “Still, I need you to fix the machine.”
I snorted. “You think I’d help you, Max?”
“Why wouldn’t you?” He held out his hands, still holding the gun in one of them. “Think about it. We have our own time machine. Think of what we can do.”
“Kill more innocent girls?”
Max ignored the insult. “With enough power, we can go back as far as we need. We could influence elections. Hell, we could influence the writing of the United States Constitution. But first, I’ll make sure that woman of yours stays dead.”
“You’ve got a fixation, Max. Why her? She’s just a singer.”
Max’s smile finally disappeared. His anger was the only part of him that seemed genuine. “No, she isn’t just a singer. She’ll destroy everything.”
“You said that already. Now tell me how.”
His face turned so red it was visible even in the fading sunlight. “It’s what she says. She convinces people to oppose us. Oh, not on purpose, she was just speaking her mind. But that’s why you can’t let people say anything they want. They can’t be trusted to deal with the consequences.”
I shook my head. “You’re not making sense.”
“Her words, Eric. The things she says inspired enough people to prevent the perfection of society.” He took a step toward me but stopped when I waved the gun at him. “I saw it in that second timeline. She spoke her mind, and the people listened to her like the sheep they are, and our way of life ended.”
Max shook his gun hand, as if swinging at something that wasn’t there. “You had to save her, didn’t you? It just had to be her, of all people. Now her words threaten everything we worked for.”
“A young woman speaks her mind, and your golden society falls apart.” I chuckled. “If your grand plan falls apart that easily, then it wasn’t worth much to begin with.”
“You say that because you don’t care,” Max said. “That’s why they call you and your kind Haters.”
“We’re not the ones killing people.”
“No, you were just destroying everything we’ve worked for. But those days are gone. You’re stuck.”
I cocked my head to the side. “What are you talking about?”
“The machine was switched off.”
I didn’t get it. The machine was off permanently, or it would be soon. But he couldn’t know that.
He laughed. “I didn’t come here from the point we broke into the lab. I just went back earlier in the day to when you met Ralph outside the lab.”
It took me a moment to register what he was saying. He had gone back a short way to use the machine at a point where it was still able to send him farther back—just as I had done. He thought he had me.
I forced myself to remain tense, even though I knew I’d won. I just needed him to babble another few minutes. “What are you talking about?”
“I saw where you went to meet that idiot security guard, and I went back to that point in time while you were gone. I then used the machine to come here. When I go back, I’ll be in the lab before you even return from talking to the security guard.” He thought for a moment. “Of course, I set the timer on the second trip longer than the first, so I may have stranded myself in your lab. No matter. It would only be for a few hours. I can wait around until my other self uses the machine.” He winked at me. “Genius, eh?”
I glanced down at my watch. Anna would be arriving in minutes, but Max would never get to take his shot.
“I agree,” I said. “Genius. But you’re wrong. You didn’t strand me.”
Max frowned. “I reset the machine after we broke into the lab. I had to before I could go back a day.” He pointed at the roof between his feet. “You are stuck here, my friend.”
“Oh, I am stuck. I agree. But not by you.”
His frown changed to concern. “You’re not making sense.”
“I didn’t come directly here, either. “I went back to the night we talked, to right after I left the lab for the evening. From there, I came here.”
Max shook his head. “So what? You’ll still return, and I’ll just catch you a little earlier than before. I’ll have a little mystery of two of you, but when I see the machine, I’ll figure it out.” He smirked. “And you still can’t stop me.”
“I already have.” I showed him my watch. “You see, Ralph plans to blow up the machine.”
Max stared at my watch as the seconds counted down.
“If I’m right, none of this will happen. You shooting Anna, the light rail, the falling lighting rig—the machine will be destroyed before you ever had the chance to use it. You won’t be here any longer.”
“But neither will you.” He gritted his teeth as he spoke. He’d even started to sweat. “If you destroy the machine in the past, then you couldn’t have used it to go back a day, which means you couldn’t have gone farther back to this point. You won’t be here, either.”
I lowered my revolver, and when I did, Max pointed his gun at me. I didn’t care. He’d already lost.
“If she lives,” he said, “the perfecting won’t happen. You’ll never have built the machine, which means your changes never happened either.”
I shrugged. “A paradox. The machine never exists, which means she dies as a young girl, which means she can’t stop your perfect little tyranny, which means I build the machine… and so on. I admit that’s possible.”
I looked at the sun setting over the Rockies. “But you know, Max, I’m going to go on a little faith here and say I’m fated to save her.”
Max sneered. “Arrogance.”
“You should talk.” I looked at my watch one last time. Two seconds remained until the bombs went off. “I guess we’ll find out.”
Max’s face filled with rage. He took aim and squeezed the trigger, but the hammer never fell. I heard a small whoosh as the air rushed in to fill the space where Max had been. He and his gun were gone, as if he had never been there in the first place.
I didn’t breathe for a full five seconds. When I finally sucked in some air, I realized I was still there. And I still remembered everything.
I stood, stunned, holding the gun. I didn’t move until I heard the brakes of a car in the parking lot below. I leaned over the edge of the building. 
Men in suits poured out of SUVs, and she followed. They escorted her inside the hotel via a back entrance. In seconds, she was gone.
I sat down, leaning against the small wall that wrapped around the roof of the hotel. I waited for the seconds to count down to the point where she’d be safe. I grinned like a lunatic when the timer hit zero.

~~~~

I stood on the corner early in the morning where the light rail turned north. I saw my reflection in a store window. I looked disheveled. Sleeping in the street would do that.
The day before, I had stood in an alley across the street and watched myself enter the junkie’s apartment. I had known that change would remain because I had destroyed the machine after I had gone back to visit the junkie the first time. I thought of pulling the distributor cap off the junkie’s car, just to be sure, but when I saw myself leave at three o’clock, I knew it wouldn’t be necessary. Part of me had wanted to run up and tell him what to expect in the coming hours, but he would find out soon enough.
I watched the SUV come around the corner. One block over, the light rail approached, turning onto the small stretch of Fourteenth before curving north onto California. I stood ready to charge into the street to warn the SUV’s driver. He might run me over, but that would stop the SUV as well.
The light rail glided along the rails and stopped at the light at Fourteenth. The driver waited patiently as the SUV drove through the green light. I saw Anna through the tinted windows. If she noticed me, I couldn’t tell. In seconds, the SUV turned and disappeared. The light changed, and the light rail’s bell sounded before it moved forward again.
I stood there for another ten minutes. I was hungry and tired, but I smiled the rest of the day.

~~~~

One year. That was how long it took to get my life in order.
I stole my social security card out of my personal lock box and used it to forge a new ID. I also took the money my younger self stored there for emergencies. It was enough to get me started until I set up something more permanent. I could have used my actual social security number, but I didn’t want to screw over my younger self. Well, I didn’t want to screw him more than I already had. My younger self would be livid, but he’d get over it. It was crazy. Was I the one who had robbed myself all along, or was I going to beat the real thief to the punch?
The details don’t matter. Suffice it to say my younger self eventually moved on. He wouldn’t return to Colorado. In the previous timeline, he had no choice, but I changed that. I hoped he’d have a good life somewhere. He was me, after all.
I managed to get work easily. Even in a rotten economy, mechanical engineers can find work. Anna was right. If I could build a time machine, I could build anything.
I spent the next year settling in. I’d forgotten what being free was like. On weekends, I’d drive through the mountains. I ate in restaurants in other cities and stayed out until three in the morning. I did anything that came to mind just because I could. I would have grown to love it except for one thing.
I walked into a grocery store and heard Anna again for the first time in months. Her soft, melodic voice came over the store speakers. Everything flooded back, as if it all had happened yesterday. “Guardian Angel” sounded as haunting as ever. I could still see her bloody body, a bullet through her heart. I remembered the lighting rig that had crushed her and her body lying in an alley—but that was all gone. She was safe. And she didn’t even know I existed.
I left the store and went back to sit in my car until I was sure the song was over. I wondered if I should’ve come back at all. I didn’t really need to. Destroying the machine would’ve erased all of Max’s changes whether I was in the past or not. If I hadn’t gone back, maybe I wouldn’t remember at all. I would’ve been changed along with the rest of the future, and that would’ve saved me some grief. After a few minutes, I went back inside the store. 
While standing in the checkout line, I thought about it all. Why did I remember? If the machine never existed, then I shouldn’t remember. And yet I remembered everything. I even remembered Max disappearing right in front of me. The only thing that came to me was that the last changes the machine made remained. From my perspective, everything happened linearly. I built the machine, went back, and the machine was destroyed. It was destroyed in my past but in everyone else’s future. The irony was that I changed the past so the machine never existed, which meant I never could’ve gone back in time to make those changes. I was a living, breathing paradox.
Whatever. In the end, she lived. That’s all that mattered. I’d go on with my life, and she’d go on with hers. And what a splash she made. Max was right.
When it began, I only knew some political group had accused Anna of treating people unfairly somehow. When they approached her while she was signing autographs, she called them out on it. She accused them of bullying for their cause. She agreed with their cause, but she wouldn’t answer to every fool who insisted she provide evidence that she treated people nicely and fairly. Her fury was something to behold, and yet she never lost her grace during the whole episode.
The video of it was all over the Internet. Halfway through, I paused the video. In the background, I saw his face. Max stood, furious with not a trace of his legendary smile. I laughed for a good five minutes. Max must have seen that in one of the dualities. It wasn’t just the loss of his perfect society that angered him. She had humiliated him in front of the entire world.
I don’t know what happened to Max after that. I only know that, because of Anna, he and his people never succeeded.

~~~~

I sat in front of the computer, watching the video again. I must’ve watched it twenty times. I had to hear her voice again, even if she spoke in anger. I couldn’t bring myself to watch her interviews or even listen to her music. But I watched that video over and over.
After watching it twice more, I closed my laptop. I leaned back in my chair, staring across my living room. One year, and my life was in order, except for her. A chill went through me as I realized she was right in her song. When you start to fall, you can’t go back. You can only keep falling.
I went outside, hoping the cool air would clear my head. Living in Evergreen, Colorado, meant a long commute, but the mountain air made it worthwhile. Two of the three houses on the street remained in a foreclosed state. Being alone bothered me a little at first, but I knew a new neighbor was moving into one of the foreclosed properties.
The moving truck rumbled up the steep road. It lumbered past and stopped in front of the house across the street. Three guys poured out and started unloading. I smiled when one of them wrestled a dresser down the truck ramp. I didn’t have to look at his nametag to know his name was Ralph.
Behind them, a gray SUV pulled up and parked in the street. The driver stepped out.
Someone could’ve pushed me over with a feather.
Anna watched the movers as they unloaded the truck. One of them handed her his phone, and they posed for a picture together. I smiled. She’d just finished a long and rough tour, but she still indulged people who wanted a picture.
She turned around, spotted me, and waved. I waved back. She started walking across the street. I could hardly move. In jeans, a hoodie, and only a little makeup, she was as beautiful as ever as she strode up my driveway. 
Halfway to me, she stopped. Her jaw dropped open. “You!”
I raised an eyebrow. I thought that was my line.
“Oh, my God.” Slowly, she walked toward me. “Don’t you remember?”
“What?”
“Ten years ago.” Tears sparkled in her eyes. “You saved me.”
I should’ve known. Of course she would remember the man who saved her life. That happened before I destroyed the machine. How could I have forgotten that? I played along. “That was you?”
“And then you did it again five years later. That truck. It was you then, too, wasn’t it?”
I shrugged. “Just chance, I guess.”
“Both times you saved me, you wore the same clothes. Your hair was wet when you pushed me out of the way of the truck. What…?” She stopped, clasping her hands in front of her. 
We both just looked at each other for a moment. Then she came the rest of the way and hugged me so hard my ribs hurt. It felt wonderful.
“Thank you.” She released me and took my hand. “I owe you.”
“No.” I squeezed her hand, just as she had squeezed mine in a timeline only I could remember. “I’m just glad I was there.”
She watched me for a moment, grinning as if I were the best thing that had ever happened to her. “This is incredible.” She still held my hand as she gestured at the house behind her. “This is all temporary. I wanted to get away from it all for a while. I did a show in Denver last year, and I loved the mountains.”
“I remember.”
She laughed again. “You were there?”
I nodded. Was I ever.
She released my hand, keeping her eyes on me. “It has to be fate.”
I shrugged. “Maybe.”
“Maybe?” She put her hands to her mouth for a minute. “What else could it be? Don’t you believe in fate?”
I shrugged. “I do now.”



Craig Allen was born in Houston, Texas but has lived most of his life in Denver, Colorado. After graduating college, he spent six years working in news radio before getting into the software development industry. He has always been an avid reader.He has been an avid reader all his life.

Follow the author on Facebook and Twitter.

Also by Craig Allen:

Kali’s Children
Beyond the Sky
Goodbye Sunshine
Season of Bliss


 
Without You


