
Eden, Dawn
THE CHRONICLES OF PARADISE
BOOK ONE

Copyright 2014 Archer Swift
SWIFT BOOKS
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is free, and you are welcome to share it with your friends. You may reproduce, copy and distribute this book for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its original form.

Archer Swift is an Australian author and uses British English in this book.


~ Website ~
www.archerswiftbooks.com



To my girls. Be brave.

Through our choices,
we create our future.


Prologue

It still filled my nights with horror.
The panic, the hysteria. The unadulterated fear.
The rising temperatures, unbearable heat. Scorching hot.
The hunger, the thirst. Desperation.
The rising oceans. Floods, landslides, tragedies.
Riots, violence and war.	
Sickness, disease. The Plague.
Then the usual bittersweet images followed, bombarding my troubled mind.
The covert selection, the public meltdown.
The relief, the despair.
Our arrival, the horror.
Love sparked, love lost.
The memory of her face, fading fast.
Monix.
My first love. My only love.
Every night, for nearly ten years, sleep had eluded me; peace beyond my grasp.
Drenched with sweat despite the cool night air.
Why me? Why us? Were we lucky?
At first, we thought so.
But the sheer terror that stalked our nights and the utter exhaustion that drained our days made me think otherwise.
After enduring the dark hours, we spent the light hours foraging for food. We were constantly on guard. Always alert. Terrified of the man-eating creatures that roamed this brutal planet ... and them.
Perhaps we were paying for abandoning Earth to her fate.
Sleep, please let me sleep. Just a few hours.

Chapter 1

The dawn light caught my eye, and the raucous sounds of the jungle snapped me out of a groggy half-sleep. I think I slept, I might have dozed.
Bone-weary, my muscles ached. Always tired.
We had enough water, and some nuts and berries were edible. Those that weren’t had accounted for many of those dead. The delicious-looking but toxic blueberries, for instance, ushered in immediate Death to those tempted to taste them. We found this out on Day One. Our spacecraft’s Captain didn’t last thirty minutes on our new home. How ironic that his name was ‘Will Hazard.’ As if fated, we called them Hazardberries.
A few survivors had scattered in search of safer realms. None returned. Nor did we expect them to.
K-K-Kawwww!
The dreaded sound cut through my sluggish thoughts. For a moment, I felt paralysed. Was it them or the raptor-like creatures they mimic?
K-Kawwww!
A second shrill, blood-curdling call. From the opposite direction. Were they surrounding us? Or was it a response from the creature’s mate? Laying flat on the branch on which I slept, I held my breath. The thump of my own heartbeat so loud in my chest.
Shut up!
The sound of powerful wings beating just ten strides overhead assured me it was not them. Deep down, I knew. The dark hours were already behind us. And I had one thing going for me.
The putrid smell of rotten Hog—the disgusting rodent-like creature as large as a bush pig—would usually be enough to keep Eden’s king four-winged bird of prey at bay. Strange. As ugly as Earth’s vulture but nearly three times as large, this crow-like raptor fed on medium-sized creatures and easy kills like us. However, it could not bear the stench of decaying Hog flesh. A crucial survival tactic we learnt over time.
Once sure the creature and its mate were long gone, I tuned into the usual riotous noises of the jungle’s frenetic dawn activity outside the perimeter of our camp. The myriad of bugs created the loudest din, a trill, incessant cacophony that seemed to envelope us, drowning out the tweets and coos of harmonious birdsong and the frantic, snuffling hurry-scurry of small rodents. However, I was more interested in the far-off sounds of Eden’s predators. Grateful that they hailed from afar, I untied the straps that kept me from falling from my branch, twenty strides high—a stride being just short of a metre, the length of a good leg stretch. I then quickly but quietly lowered my rope ladder. This broad branch on this oak-like tree close to the edge of our camp was my sleeping perch … for years. It was single berth, and the one place I could call mine.
Even though I leapt from the ladder some two strides from the ground, I landed without making a sound. The ability to tread lightly—another survival skill you acquired or you didn’t eat, or could be eaten. A heavy foot scared off potential prey and hailed hungry predators. My moccasin-like footwear, my junglers—short for ‘jungle slippers’—certainly helped.
First light was my favourite time of the day on this haunting, exotic planet. An end to the dark hours, a reprieve from my nightmares.
You can’t dream when you’re fighting to stay alive.
Even now, the bizarre and intense violet rays of dawn’s sun stabbed through every gap and space and breach in the dense overhead canopy, puncturing the jungle world with search-and-destroy spears of light that sent the darkness scurrying. In my mind’s eye, I imagined the dark, itself so ominous and terrifying an hour ago, now frightened of the day’s opening salvo of light. Scared. Fleeing in pockets for cover, in a race to escape. Accumulating in the last remaining shadows. Cowering behind the low-lying jungle scrub.
If only. I smirked to myself.
In a little over twelve hours, the shadows would regroup as the waning sun retreated below the horizon and once again strengthened and emboldened, the darkness would muster its menacing force—its potential for peril growing as the daylight dissipated—until it became an all-encompassing, overshadowing … malevolent presence once more.
I shook my head clear and closed my eyes, inhaling deeply. The crisp, clean air filled my lungs. Oh, so very fresh. I still remember that sickly, suffocating feeling of an oxygen mask strapped to my face during my Earth-childhood.
First one awake, or at least down from the trees, it seemed that of the eleven in my clan, only I had heard the pair of Raptors. Did I imagine it? With my disturbed sleep, for all I know, I dreamt it.
I thought of my clan members. Our mid-twenty-first century Earth-names seemed so out of place on this balefully beautiful, terrifyingly primitive planet. Bland almost in comparison. Yet we clung to them, our only sense of identity; connection to a world that was literally another galaxy away.
The oldest in our clan was now twenty-three, the youngest fifteen. The age of the youngest children to arrive on the Ark was five. No babies were born over the last ten years. Probably, just as well. And all eleven of us were parent-less, even though we were only breathing this planet’s air because our parents were chosen. I was fond of most of my clan—with one exception. Actually, make that two of late.
A thousand strides both up and downriver lived other clans of survivors. Never more than twenty-five in a clan; preferably less than twenty. Otherwise, they’d deem us a threat. 
We hardly ever saw the other survivors, but in the morrow we would.
At the Gathering of the Clans.
Our anniversary celebration.
It was now a decade since we arrived.
Nearly ten years of survival.
I wasn’t so sure it was worth celebrating though.
Down from my tree, I arrived at the large bathing pool we’d dug out of the ground alongside the river. On the opposite edge of our camp from my tree, it was less than forty strides away. I took off my father’s jacket. At seventeen, I was just starting to fit into it. Filthy, only the dirt had preserved it for this long in these harsh conditions.
Every night we smeared a new layer of decayed Hog on our night coats. If I gave the jacket a thorough scrub every day, it would have unravelled by now. And the thick, insulated parka saved me during the cold moons. It was worth fighting for, something I had been forced to do on a few occasions. The grody, grisly scar across my left cheek was testimony to that.
The smell? At first, the repugnant reek of fermenting Hog flesh made me gag. I shuddered at the memory of my first night covered in Hog paste; a helpful term understating the rotten, revolting slime we daubed our nightwear with. I retched all night, and much of the second, even though it helped me start to tame my fear of the Raptor. The repulsive smell got stuck in my nose and seemed to scratch the inside of my eyes, gore at my throat and crawl out of my ears. Still alive then, Dad urged me to see that first, long night through. And the next. Now, I hardly notice it. Barely.
The predominant, prevailing smell was, of course, that of slightly scented woodsmoke. Day and night, we had a fire burning—usually several. I loved the pervading, aromatic odour that seemed to cling to our clothes, perfume our hair, and flavour our food, helping me endure the many unpleasant stinks typical of primitive living.
I unstrapped my knife, the second of three things that made up my entire family inheritance, and placed it next to me on the ground. Never out of my reach for eight years, ever since Dad died. My mother died from The Plague while still on Earth; I was just five. And no one survived The Plague. To my deep dismay, I couldn’t remember what Mum looked like. Not properly anyway. Not before the sickness ate her away.
Ironically, my father had been among the leading specialists in the field of microbiology. While he didn’t find a cure, despite almost killing himself trying, it was the reason he was chosen. They looked for experts, specialists whose children were five years of age or older. The idea was simple enough: with planet Earth haemorrhaging, we had to start over again. They named this planet Eden in anticipation of the Paradise they predicted. The new hope they expected.
I’m certain they didn’t have this in mind.
I splashed my face and washed in the tepid water of the river we presumed kept warm-ish by an underground volcano of sorts. At least once every ten days, we felt the ground rumble. The extreme weather in the summer and winter moons were hard to endure and the lukewarm water proved both a blessing and a curse. I grabbed my nose between thumb and forefinger, squishing a sneeze before it struck. It was definitely fast becoming spring. Winter was behind us at last.
Spring, my favourite season.
Eden’s grungy grey jungle, throttled of vitality and vigour by the icy moons, was already beginning to blossom with the bold and bizarrely-rich chroma of a new equinox. The overly saturated predominant colours of this planet—displayed so vividly and animatedly in the fauna and flora—were heavy on the senses at first. Taxing even.
Purple, red, blue and green. Striking. Almost forcible. By midsummer, jarring on the eyes. Making this world feel so tangibly distinct and drastically hostile … so otherworldly; reminding us, we were alien to the planet. So unlike the spectral range of Earth’s colours, the lack of orange and yellow, and many of the softer shades, made the apex of summer feel as though we were living smack bang in the middle of a digitally-enhanced comic-book fantasia. However, after autumn, when the colour drained from the landscape—the hues seemed to leak from the page—and winter plunged us into a drab, depressing grey that left the planet void of every tint and tone, I longed for those dynamic, lusty colours again. Even though the first few weeks of spring resembled a greyscale picture in the grubby hands of an overzealous child. Armed with a paint brush, and way too much paint.
With the cool breeze sweeping through the tall, stout trees, the warm river water was soothing; most importantly, it was clean, and that was all that really mattered. Also, there were very few dangerous beasts in the river. In fact, next to no creatures period. A few insect-like crawlies, but no fish. At least, this was true for the river that ran past our camp; we guessed its waters were too warm.
My hand instinctively reached for my blade at the sound of approaching footsteps, even though I was pretty sure that it was one of my clan.
You can never be too careful.


Chapter 2

“Morning, Jordi!” I greeted the arrival of fifteen-year-old Jordin York as enthusiastically as I could. His father Victor, who had been our clan leader, died a mere six moons ago. Another victim of them. 
I hate them.
“Hi, Ristan,” Jordin’s response was short and wary, still badly shaken by the death of his father. His mother had died during our first year on Eden. Raptors caught her and a friend while foraging for food. They didn’t stand a chance—a terrible way to die.
Was there a normal death for any of us on this planet?
Jordin folded his pale, gangly legs and rubbed his carrot-red mop of hair, managing to look weak and fragile. Honestly, he was both.
“You sleep okay?” I asked, knowing he probably wouldn’t tell me the truth.
“Fine,” he said with a shrug of his shoulders.
Definitely a lie.
Forced to toughen up, the rest of us lost our parents five or more years ago. Jordi’s old man had been a good man, a great leader, but maybe over-protective in his way. I guess that’s the role of any father, but out here, it was a dangerous trait. It made Jordi vulnerable and left him ill-equipped to stand on his own feet. Of course, being abandoned wasn’t fair play, but on this planet, fairness was a pipedream. I wanted to protect him though. It was my silent vow to his father, who had saved my life three times.
Before long, the other guys had wandered down from their trees and washed up, before we made way for the girls. Forming a semi-circle around seventeen-year-old Gellica and sixteen-year-old Nadalie, we stood some twenty strides away, facing outwards. The river itself closed the loop from danger. None of us dared to turn around. Their privacy was as important as their protection. Victor taught us this. Treat the women as the treasure they are. A clichéd phrase perhaps, but a gallant virtue. He’d drummed it firmly into our heads. “Chivalry is the cachet of good grooming,” he always said.
Great man, top-drawer leader. All the Mzees were.
Borrowed from the ancient Swahili language, Mzee stood for “elder” or “respected person.” It was chosen in our attempt to avoid the hierarchical baggage toxically attached to so much leadership terminology—words that were beaten and battered out of shape during Earth’s last days when corruption was ubiquitous and exploitation endemic.
Victor would have been a father to us all if he hadn’t doted on his own son so much. But we all understood. For two years after my father died, I would have swapped his jacket for one reassuring hug from Jordi’s dad. Of course, I would have frozen to death when the first winter winds blew in.
I glanced over at Jordi to my right as he dug his toes into the rich, purple-coloured soil, a dazed look plastered on his face. I wanted to hug the guy, to comfort his somehow, but I couldn’t summon the emotion to do it.
Hey, if only I could squeeze out a few tears at some point. Some evidence that I do still have lachrymal ducts.
I had not shed a tear since my father’s death.
“Right, let’s assemble!” Ruzzell called us together around Base Stump after wash-up was finished. The stump of a massive tree we had cut down in the centre of our camp, Base Stump served as a communal table where we sometimes ate together, and daily gathered for discussion and planning. All the clans did the same. “Shared rituals encourage collective spirit.” I still hear Victor’s sage voice in my head.
“We’ve got a full day ahead,” began Ruzzell in his gravelly tone. “Hunting time. Split into our pairs as usual. Except…”—his eyes seemed to glint with malice—“…except this time, Gels, you come with me. Jordi, you stay here at camp with Nads.”
At twenty-three, Ruzzell Hunt assumed leadership of the clan after Victor’s death. I guess every clan does need a leader. Being the oldest by four years, he simply appointed himself. No one challenged it. I felt guilty that I hadn’t said anything. He’s neither a good man, nor a great leader.
Ruzzell’s old man was killed during our first few weeks on Eden. Them. His older brother was killed by a Serpent by moon six, and his mother went batty soon afterwards. The stress, the strain, all too much for her. She took her own life. Downed a bunch of Hazardberries in front of him. Of all the deaths, this one disturbed me the most. Maybe because, as strange as it seemed, so few people took their own lives on this merciless planet. While my father, in a sense, took his own life; in shuddering contrast, he gave it to save others.
I know his mother’s death tormented Ruzzell—he spoke of her seldom, but when he did, there was bitterness in his voice. I felt so sorry for him. Even so, I could not recall one minute where I actually liked the guy. He was a man with a dark heart.
Bent on unsettling our clan dynamics, Ruzzell had immediately scrapped our morning prayer time, something instituted by Victor. His unilateral decision had the disturbing effect of creating a distinct disquiet in our midst. Whether it was because we were not praying together, or because he dumped a communal ritual we all clung to, I wasn’t sure. Probably, a bit of both. None of us were religious per se. While we simply repeated an old Hebrew prayer Victor taught us, the shared rite connected us to something serene; something hallowed … a reprieve from our unholy existence—even if the celestial respite was so very brief.
When Jordi did question it, Ruzzell had punched him in the gob and called him weak. “You’re just pining for your old man,” he berated the poor guy. I remember seeing red, but before it was allowed to evolve into stupidity, Judd intervened. He did not need to say anything to me directly; the gentle stand-down appeal in his kind face was enough.
I was particularly fond of Juddro Williams. Congenial and compassionate, he always put the clan’s needs ahead of his own. He was two years older than me, second oldest in the clan. I’d cast my ballot for him as clan leader if we had voted, and I was looking for the right occasion to suggest it. I would need to pick my moment carefully though. Ever since I tried to defend Jordi that morning, Ruzzell’s attitude towards me changed. We’re talking mild disinterest to open hostility. Or at least, I think my defiance on that day slapped a target on me.
I was bothered by Ruzzell’s suggestion now, or was it an order?
Why split up the usual pairs? What is he up to?
The girls would normally stay in the safety of the camp and tend to what I guess we viewed as domestic duties, while the guys went foraging and hunting for food. Again, it was something initiated by Victor after Ling’s death reduced the number of women in our clan to two. Girls were to be protected. For every one girl among the clans, there were eight guys. Two girls in a clan of eleven; we were still above average. We intended to keep it that way.
Why did he want Gellica with him? Was he again trying to stamp his authority on our clan? To unsettle us further?
 “Ruzzell,” Gellica found her voice. “Please, I’d like to stay here with Nads.”
“No, you’re coming with me, Gels,” insisted Ruzzell, a flash of anger across his dark, sunken eyes. “Dorky can play house. Hey, Dorks?” he scoffed. Ruzzell made a habit of turning our names into disparaging labels; in this case, butchering Jordin’s surname.
“Fine. Okay,” said Jordin, the high pitch of his tone betraying his eagerness. After his father died, he had been paired up with Ruzzell. I suppose he was now relieved; delivered from spending another morning in the bully’s company.
The grimace on Gellica Browne’s countenance was clear; at least, it was plain to me. Her attractive face pulled tight; the usual shine in her eyes dulled. I would have paired up with Ruzzell to relieve both her and Jordi from having to spend the morning with him. That would never happen though. He and I were the best archers in the clan, and each hunter benefited from a watcher to cover his back while hunting. Without that backup, the hunter could quickly become the hunted. And we couldn’t afford for Ruzzell or me to waste crucial skills.
“Why the change?” I was brave even to ask.
“Keep out of it, Risteen,” he snapped. He had started torturing my name since the day I stood up for Jordi.
“Leave it, Rist,” said Judd as he ran his hand through his sandy-brown hair. Always the peace-maker, he gave me that appealing look again, urging me to back down.
“I’ve made my decision.” Ruzzell’s lips curled into a snarl. “Gellica, you’re with me. Let’s go!”
Emboldened perhaps by my questioning, or maybe motivated by uncertainty, Gellica stood her ground. “No, Ruzzell. I’m staying here with Nads.”
Without warning, Ruzzell slapped her across the face. Hard.
She cried out in pain; an instant welt on her right cheek. We all gasped. I think my brain jammed.
Gellica’s hand shot to her mouth to stop herself from retaliating. Blinking away the tears that instantly welled up in her eyes, she bravely stared Ruzzell down.
It took us all by surprise. Shock … no, utter shock, probably better described it. Yes, we had endured many rumbles between us guys, but striking one of the girls was unimaginable. Under Victor’s watch, it would never have crossed our minds. In his counsel, we were purged from the free-for-all brutality of Earth’s last days. Violence that did not discriminate. Male, female. Young, old. Rich, poor.
“Come on everyone, just calm down,” said Judd hoping to diffuse the air bursting pregnant with tension.
I was stunned by Judd’s appeasing plea. What? Are you … are you wimping out of this? And I snapped without thinking, “That’s it! Who do you think you are Ruzzell Hunt, self-appointed lord of the jungle?” I don’t know how I got there, but I found myself standing between Gellica and Ruzzell, half-a-stride from the brute. I felt the adrenalin course through my veins, and my own heart pounding in my chest.
I looked up, and for the first time realised just how tall … and big Ruzzell was. Very tall and scary big. Monstrous. His face was all beard, a thatch of black bristles mounted by a hooked, bulbous nose that made him look even meaner, daunting. Well over six-and-a-half feet tall, if I can remember the measurements we used on Earth. Me? More than a head shorter. Starting to fill out, I was still on the dweeb side of things to be honest. Ruzzell was framed like an ox despite our at times unsteady food supply. Big-boned and burly.
We had a silly joke about Ruzzell. If we each had our own room, Ruzzell would have a grizzly-bear rug on his floor. The bear wouldn’t be dead, just afraid to move. There was nothing to laugh about now, however. My knees began to shake and my hands started to tremble.
As I stared into his large face, the flare of his nostrils and the flicker of delight in his eyes disarmed me further. Ruzzell’s next move caught us all by surprise. It was disturbing, unhinging.



Chapter 3

Ruzzell burst into a raucous roar of laughter; a menacing guffaw that unzipped us all. I had walked into his snare. No, leapt more like it. Head first. Hook, line and sinker. Stoopid! The thug was waiting for a chance to assert his dominance. Into the silence left in the wake of his crowing cackle, he clicked his knuckles. Loud.
All I know is that I ducked the first cannonball fist launched in my direction, and I think I dodged another two after that. Several certainly found their mark; I woke up an hour or so later with a pounding headache, blood trickling down my nose, and a thickened lip. My swollen right eye throbbed—Ruzzell Hunt was a southpaw. I couldn’t even remember trying to land a punch of my own.
I wasn’t quite sure where I was until I heard a voice. “Rist … Ristan … over here!”
I looked up, and despite my fuzzy vision, I saw Jordin with our Raptor-feather broom in his hand. He had evidently been sweeping out the Base Stump communal area.
“Rist … in coming…” A wet rag slapped onto my chest. 
“Cheers, Jordi.” I was about to wipe my face when a bout of the woozy struck.
“Sorry, Ruzzell wouldn’t let us help you,” said Jordin as he maintained his distance. “I can’t go near you and…”
I must have passed out again because when I stirred I couldn’t remember the end of my conversation with Jordin. What came to mind, however, were the words of my Dad’s favourite song. I could never recall the tune, but the words stuck. I knew them by heart. At least, I knew Dad’s version by rote. (While he had a photographic memory when it came to things like the periodic table, dear Dad could never remember a song. So, he just made up his own words.)

When you bundle through a squall
Keep your head on high
Don’t be scared of the dark
For when the storm ends
You’ll find a golden sky
The sweet sound of a lark

Walk on then in the wind
Walk on then in the rain
Even if your dreams are tossed and torn

Walk on then, keep hope in your heart
For you’ll ne’er be alone
No, you will ne’er walk alone

The words had a thoroughly therapeutic effect on me even though I felt so alone. Most days. I didn’t know who penned the words. Or what a lark was. And I had never seen a golden sky. But the phrase “don’t be scared of the dark” was pertinent in an eerie, bone-chilling way. “Dreams are tossed and torn” was a gross understatement given how the last decade had panned out, but the call to “walk on” simple enough to embrace as a life motto. More than anything, it was Dad’s song—an anthem from a famous football team he supported as a kid; a hymn that captured his faith towards the end.
I ran through the words again and felt my strength return. Sitting up, I stretched a creak out of my back. Although the swelling was more acute, my head felt clearer. The sun, directly overhead, told me it was around noon and shafts of violent violet sunlight pierced through the jungle-foliage canopy. Blistering hot, my soft, winter-paled skin was already sizzling, but I knew it would toughen up into a brown, tanned tone in the days ahead.
I then noticed Jordin stoking the camp fire.
“Where’s he?” I asked, not knowing how much ground we’d covered earlier.
“Are you back for real this time?”
“Yep, think so,” my voice sounded like I was gargling with gravel. I coughed hard to clear my throat. “So ... so, where is he?”
“Gone … They’ve all gone hunting; foraging. Nads went with Dixan in your place.”
I wiped the blood from my nose with the rag Jordin had tossed to me, and pulled myself up slowly. When was the last time I was knocked out? My mind tried to shift into gear. Yes, when I ran into a low branch chasing a wounded Hog … not my finest moment. That was last year, before Victor died.
“Are you okay?” asked Jordin, still keeping a fair distance between us. Even with Ruzzell away hunting, Jordin’s fear of him dictated his actions.
“Yes,” I replied at first. Then an upshot of anger pumped through my body. “No! What happened?”
“Ruzzell walloped you—”
“You reckon?” I said, my anger trumping the pang of guilt I felt for venting my sarcasm. “I know that part … what, did you all just watch?”
“Ummm … yes.”
I kicked the ground. I wasn’t sure what I expected, but I was hopping mad. The only reason we had survived this long was because, as a clan, we stuck together. We had an unwritten code. It was our way of life, a manner of living that maintained a sense of harmony and humanity. We all, unspoken though it was, were grateful to be part of this clan—certainly with Victor’s oversight. Now our life was draining from us, and it seemed I was the only one prepared to fight for it. Or in actuality, take a beating for it.
And what was up with Judd? Surely what Ruzzell did was beyond peace-keeping efforts?
“Did I punch back?” I heard myself grunt the question.
“Yes, you caught him with a few—”
“And how’s Gellica?” I asked, just happy to hear I did make more of a showing than I could recall.
 “She went with Ruzzell,” he avoided the real question. “Rist, really, what did you expect us to do?” Despondency stretched across Jordin’s face, making him look half his age. Timid and vulnerable. I wanted to put my arms around him, to reassure him.
“Nothing from you, Jordi.” It came out harder than I meant it. “I don’t know,” I tried again, “but he can’t do this.”
“Rist, you’ll just make it worse.”
I blinked hard and bit my lip. “What…?!”
“You-you’ll make things worse…” Jordin mumbled, sensing my agitation.
“So you want to let Ruzzell destroy everything your father built here?”
I hit the raw nerve with unintentional accuracy. I shook my head, annoyed with myself.
You know better. 
Jordi’s face went white as the blood drained from it. Tears soon followed. Before I could shuffle over to him, he started sobbing … heart-wrenching, agonised bawling.
I threw my arms around him. It just happened. Turned out easier than I thought. 
Jordin collapsed in my hold; his whole body heaved with grief and anguish. “I so miss him … why did he have to die? … I hate them … I hate them!”
“Okay … okay,” I tried to comfort him as best I could, hoping secretly that I could shed a tear, too. It’s been too long. Nothing. Not a trickle.
“Why?” he screamed hysterically—it was so jarring I got a fright. I found myself reiterating the prayer Victor had taught us: “The Lord bless you; the Lord keep you…” That’s all I could remember. I repeated it several times.
It had the desired effect. The sobbing slowed down; his body stopped heaving. “Okay, my friend. I’m here for you.”
My efforts to console him didn’t last long.
Hearts jumped into throats as the shrill, terrible ca-cawing sound pierced the air and tore at our nerves.
Jordin snapped out of his grief instantly. His eyes wild with terror. I cranked into hyper vigilance despite my headache and the restricted vision on my right side.
“Them?” Jordi’s question was laced with dread, his body strained.
“No, Raptor for sure. Shhh!” They didn’t like the light; they preferred hunting at night. I listened for the heavy thrash of wings in the air.
We both heard it at the same time.
Overhead. Close. Sweeping down on us.
The bird of prey’s nerve-jangling ca-caw blitzed my eardrums as I felt the air about me churn in response to its powerful wings.
“Quick!” I yanked a stiff-with-fear Jordi towards the river. Every muscle in my body stood to attention, my mind crystal clear on what to do. It wasn’t exactly the first time I was confronted with this predicament. Dodging Raptors was as commonplace as avoiding a school bully, or that was how Victor explained it. The consequences were vastly different, I guess.
The massive bird of prey rushed thunderously past us, missing Jordi narrowly; its terrible talons tearing at thin air. I knew it would circle and try again. We were about ten strides from the water. My head was throbbing, my vision blurry. We had to make it. I wouldn’t let Jordin share his mother’s fate.
About twenty strides wide, we could swim across the river underwater easily enough. While Raptors weren’t crazy about the river; more importantly, on the other side of the river, we kept our pile of decomposing Hog—from where we garnered our paste for bed time, and available for just such occasions.
We plunged head-first into the warm water of the river moments before the four-winged beast launched its second strike.
A Raptor didn’t carry its prey away. Once it had sunk its teratoid talons into its victim in a vice-like clamp, it would gouge its prey using its monstrous beak. And then the grisly feast would commence; gorging itself on fresh blood and strips of lacerated flesh … while the creature or human was still alive. Usually where one Raptor ate, many more would quickly join, materialising seemingly out of thin air; their bald, violet-coloured heads and wings stark against their blazing red underbellies. A human could be devoured by a cawing murder of Raptors in a wild three-minute feeding frenzy. A furious flurry of vivid purple and red.
We held our breath for as long as we could, and then burst out on the other side of the river, landing straight into our life-saving stash of rotting Hog carcasses.
By now, we easily stomached the stench when applied selectively to our night wear, although we were never completely comfortable with it. Tumbling into the middle of several decaying carcasses was a different matter altogether.
We both started retching and gagging, and the only thing that kept us rooted to our spot was the sight of a determined Raptor slashing the air with its colossal wings, eager to advance, but unable to endure the reek.
We don’t know why. We knew that the Raptor preferred live food, and devoured its prey fresh. While it would scavenge off the carcass of a new kill, it became fussier when a carcass started to decompose. However, it could not come within five strides of the rotting flesh of a Hog.
I grabbed a handful of rotting entrails and tossed the guts at the Raptor. Screeching its annoyance as the intestinal missile slapped into its head and swung around its beak, it shook its pecker violently before arcing in midair and beating a hasty retreat.
“Stupid bird!” yelled Jordin punching the air with an upshot of relief mixed with belated bravado.


Chapter 4

The hunting and foraging parties returned soon after the Raptor had left and we’d cleaned up; the cool morning breeze giving way to a stifling midday heat. Nobody said a thing. No high-fives. Not a word from anyone. Not even a greeting. An alarmingly atypical homecoming.
I wasn’t expecting a formal report back or looking for any attention, but I assumed Ruzzell had again told them to leave me alone. Everyone kept to themselves, silent and serious. I wanted to ask Gellica how she was, but it seemed clear she didn’t want to speak to anybody.
I can understand that.
Everyone else called her Gels, but I couldn’t bring myself to. Not sure why. I was all fingers and thumbs around her. Perhaps I was waiting for her to give me permission or something. 
Gellica lost both her mother and father on our third anniversary on Eden. Her clan had decided to find an alternate route to the Gathering of the Clans. Rather than travelling through the dense jungle, they set out to find an easier course across the open, verdant plains. The domain of Eden’s Wolf. Until then, we didn’t know. 
Similar in behaviour to an Earth-wolf, only bigger, Eden’s Wolf was an odd-looking beast. Moving on strapping hind legs that looked very kangaroo-like, with smaller but sturdy front legs, its head was distinctly canid and its mouth packed razor-sharp, ten-centimetre-long canines. At first sight, the creature looked awkward, almost comical. A hybrid. Half wolf, half kangaroo. And despite the peculiar noises they made when feasting on a kill, which sounded like a strangulated chuckle, there was never time to laugh. Their bark was a haunting cackle; their bite, brutal. A Wolf’s powerful jaw could shatter a human thighbone like a matchstick. And hunting in packs, they were unstoppable killing machines.
Gellica was the only survivor. Her father shoved her up a solitary tree on the plains just in time. Showing unbelievable courage, caked in her father’s blood, she found her own way to the Gathering of the Clans once the Wolf-pack had moved on. Just ten years old at the time, she was assimilated into our clan that very day. Having lost my Dad a few months before, we shared a common bond even though we spoke little at the time. Words weren’t necessary. Needless to say, the anniversary celebration was not Gellica’s favourite time of the year. The three centimetre scar under her chin was a permanent and grim reminder of that day.
I looked at her now through one good eye, my vision limited on my right side. She looked tense and kept her head down, allowing her long brown hair to cover her face. She never did that, it was always tucked behind her ears. Shoulders hunched, cheek bruised; she didn’t look up for a second.
Are you okay?
At least once a day, our eyes would touch in what felt like a divinely orchestrated way. Sounds silly. But when her hazel-brown eyes locked on to mine, and that coy, heart-melting smile illumined her face, an awkward, wonderful … otherworldly moment would fill my otherwise dull and dreadful life with a kaleidoscope of colour. Now, I could not get her to lift her head, let alone look in my direction.
She had returned from the hunt carrying Ruzzell’s bow and arrows having served as his watcher. He lugged in a big Hog; a smug grin slapped on his bewhiskered mug, mercilessly ragging Dixan for failing to bag one.
The Hog would be cooked on a spit over an open fire immediately, and its entrails and off-cuts added to our pile on the other side of the river. We cooked the food at midday because once dark fell there was scant time, and we lost our appetites anyway. A nighttime meal would attract other creatures we preferred not to entice.
While I skinned the Hog with sixteen-year-old Dixan, Gellica and Nadalie prepared the nuts and berries collected during the morning forage. We were one Hog short, the one I usually caught, but Ruzzell said one would do for now since “two of us” weren’t going to get our share today. While there were no prizes for guessing that he referred to me; I wasn’t sure who else—between Jordin, Judd or Dixan—was also persona non grata.
Or maybe Ruzzell can’t count.
I decided not to make a fuss. Anyway, we had plenty of nuts and berries, and we were leaving camp first thing tomorrow. The excitement of the anniversary celebration, and the challenge of the journey there, would hopefully get us over this bump in clan relations.
To be honest, I nearly changed my mind about kicking up that ruckus when the sound of spurting, blistering fat shooting into the crackling fire and the mouth-watering smell of sizzling Hog wafted through the camp. Serious will power was required to corral my restless tastebuds into submission.
After lunch (vegetarian for me and my miserable tastebuds), which we did not eat together around Base Stump—an increasingly unsettling trend since Ruzzell’s ‘reign of turmoil’ began—he called for us to assemble. We usually had a discussion time after our midday meal, our only cooked meal, but on this occasion we felt summoned. He was becoming increasingly dictatorial with every passing minute, and the way he had dealt with me earlier seemed to bolster him. 
As we took up our places around the Stump, on seats crafted from river-reeds, the bow and quiver of arrows strapped over Ruzzell’s shoulder made another statement. While we all kept a knife on our person, the bow and arrows were usually returned to the safe place, a shaft carved into the Stump. We did this for two reasons. Firstly, to protect them from damage. Making a reliable bow was a work of art, and with Victor’s passing, none of us could do it yet. Secondly, to make the four bows accessible to everyone if necessary. We could all shoot—okay, some not so well. I’m looking at you, Jordi. Victor had trained us to defend ourselves. However, not even Victor had kept a bow on his person.
Strapped around his shoulder, the bow spoke volumes. Yelled, actually. Ruzzell could do whatever he wanted. And he was.
Jordin was still sulking for being the other person shunned from feasting on roast Hog—none of us were sure what he’d done to warrant the ban. Then again, logic was never one of Ruzzell’s strong points.
Slumping on his seat now, Jordi’s slouched shoulders and brooding tone were the only acts of defiance he was capable of. In snubbed frustration though, he kicked at the ground like a petulant child. But rather than merely release his pent-up angst, he dislodged a loose stone from the ground; it shot out from the force of his punt. The pebble pellet zipped through the air and slapped Shawz on the thigh sitting across from him.
Shawz went ruddy with rage in a heartbeat. “Hey, dickhead!”
Short and stocky, and the same age as Jordin, Shawz Grimm was a Ruzzell-wannabe. The kid followed him everywhere. A nice boy, until the day Ruzzell assumed charge of the clan.
Shawz lost his father to The Plague on Earth when he was two. Then his mother, a computer whizz, shortly after his sixth birthday. On Eden. Hazardberries, Day One. The first three minutes. Just like that, another orphan. I still heard Shawz’s muffled shrieks at night; his tree was near mine. Guess he just needed a sense of belonging. And somehow Ruzzell gave it to him.
“I’m sorry! I’m sorry!” squealed Jordin, jumping to his feet, hopping from one foot to the next as if he was standing on hot coals. “I didn’t mean to—”
Having flung his seat backwards in an exaggerated act of offence, chest puffed out, Shawz strode towards Jordin, his fists clenched and blue murder pressed into his oddly round face.
Both Dixan and I stood up instinctively to intercept Shawz and defend Jordin who, with eyes as wide as Raptor eggs, had now dropped to his haunches, covering his head with his arms.
“He didn’t mean it, Shawz.” I folded my arms and filled my lungs with air, cocking my head at him. “Just sit down already.”
“Freak dude!”  Shawz blurted out in the recently broken resonance of a fifteen-year-old as he pulled up short. Then he dropped his voice a little lower. “Yeah, well, it like kinda hurt.”
“Shawzie,” growled Ruzzell. “Not now. Sort it out later. Take a seat, pal.”
Shawz hesitated for an awkward moment before scratching at the tufts of downy hair on his chin, snarling at Jordin.
“Now!” barked Ruzzell, his face twisted in a scowl.
Shawz slumped down in his seat like a scolded dog with his tail between his legs.
“Right, listen up!” said Ruzzell sternly once Dixan and I had taken our seats. “We leave first light as usual tomorrow. We’ve got our trip to manage, hopefully incident free. Shawz, you take Ristan’s bow…” 
While accessible to all, Ruzzell, Judd, Dixan and I manned the bow and arrows as a matter of course. Since Victor’s passing, Dixan was the next-best archer and had taken his place. That Shawz was now getting my bow was not just a slight on me, but it weakened the clan. Now even Judd could not hold his tongue.
“Ruzzell, you mean Rist’s not carrying?”
“Quick on the uptake, are we?” said Ruzzell, his eyebrows narrowing. “Yeah, it’s Shawz’s bow now.”
“Is-is that wise?” asked Judd warily, his face looked tight, trying admirably to curb Ruzzell’s downward trajectory into insanity.
“You challenging me, Pretty Boy?” Ruzzell said with a sneer, his outbursts becoming more frequent and fiery. He seemed to taunt Judd, dare him even.
Don’t take the bait!


Chapter 5

I watched Judd swallow hard, his Adam’s apple bobbing. “No, no,” he said stroking the tip of his nose anxiously, all colour draining from his face. Smarter than me. “I just want us to talk about this. Don’t we always discuss things like—?”
“Not anymore,” barked Ruzzell. Shawz snickered on cue, his football-shaped head bouncing on his square shoulders.
This time I sent a look in Judd’s direction, appealing to him to back down. Standing up for Gellica was a battle worth fighting; causing a scene over a bow was not. Judd sighed and dropped his line of questioning, evidently in agreement.
Ruzzell was drunk with power, and I was now convinced: he did have something up his sleeve. Gathering with the others at the anniversary might give us a platform to address some of these issues. To take him on now would help no one, and only fuel his ego trip.
I’m not always a quick learner, but this I’ve got.
“Listen now, no more interruptions,” said Ruzzell, the frown on his face making his two thick-set eyebrows become one, forming a dark frame above his deep-holed eyes. “When we get to the Gathering of the Clans, we’re all going to give a good report on how things are going, understand?”
We all remained silent, startled by the demand.
“Understand?” said Ruzzell, his cheeks quickly red with anger. “We’re a happy little clan, and we’re managing well since Victor’s death … got it?!”
“Yes, yes,” murmured everyone except Judd and I.
“What was that, Judd?”
“Ruzzell—”
As quick as a Serpent’s strike, Ruzzell notched his bow with an arrow on the string. Aimed straight at Judd’s head. Instant fear descended on our camp. Slapping Gellica was a total shock to the system, turning a weapon on one of our own was a close and jarring second. I felt my pulse race.
“Ruzzell, please!” Judd begged in a placating voice.
“Hey, Ruzz…” I subtly tried to distract his attention from Judd; the cruel look in Ruzzell’s eyes made the hair on the nape of my neck stand on end. I dared not try anything rash.
Ignoring me, Ruzzell spoke softly yet tauntingly. “Pretty Boy. Give me your word. You’ll say nothing tomorrow. Got me?”
Judd rubbed his nose. “Yes, fine.” His dull, compliant tone was one of full-scale surrender. A hangdog expression of self-contempt stretched over his good-looking face.
In an instant, Ruzzell swung around and let the arrow fly from his bow.
It was a crazy moment, but somehow I knew it was coming.
Of course, he wouldn’t kill me; he would battle to keep the clan settled, a ‘happy little clan,’ if he murdered me the day before the Gathering. Even he knew that.
Ruzzell was an excellent archer. I was handy myself and could hit a Hog in the eye from twenty strides. He could do it from thirty. I suppose I could inflict a flesh wound from ten strides if I wanted to. To Ruzzell, it was a cinch.
So instead of trying to dodge the arrow, I stood my ground. If I moved I might only endanger myself. My vision was partly limited after all.
The sting of the arrow as it opened the flesh on my left arm was painful; the soft twang of the bowstring and the solid thud of the arrow impaling the tree behind me seemed abnormally loud in the stunned silence of the camp. But I didn’t flinch. I stared straight into the eyes of my adversary, determined not to give him any pleasure. I was not going to cause a scene, but I was no coward.
Every eye fixed on me as blood spurted from my arm. Wanting the moment to rebound back on Ruzzell, I let it gush even though covering the wound would be wiser. Once everyone saw that I was okay, despite the blood running down my arm, every eyeball—loaded with contempt—glared at Ruzzell.
Squirm sucker.
Frozen in the act of shooting, he still held the empty bow in his hands; his forehead creased and his eyes wide open. He had no doubt expected a far more dramatic reaction to his brash intimidation.
“Cover your wound, Risteen,” said Ruzzell, dragging out my name mockingly, trying to deflect the clan’s collective stare. “You don’t want to bleed to death.” Then he looked around the clan, “Lighten up, you know I can shoot. Freak! It’s just a little fun.”
“Dank dude! You’re awesome man!” chuckled Shawz half-heartedly, knowing his leader needed a show of support. Catching on, sixteen-year-old Cartyr Rimfell shouted, “Oorah!” and started clapping loudly, until a leering eyeball from Ruzzell cut off the applause.
“Listen, pal,” said Ruzzell slowly, his cold eyes returning to me, “not a word tomorrow. Understand? You’ve broken trust. You’ve got to earn it back.”
I’ve broken trust? Me? 
I wanted to take him on, feeling the balance of power had shifted slightly, but in that moment I saw Gellica’s eyes look back my way.
Besides looking at me when the trajectory of the arrow had pulled all their peepers in my direction, it was the first time our eyes had met since I had stood up for her earlier. She offered me a tight smile, but I wasn’t entirely sure what she was thinking. Was her guardedness an attempt to avoid provoking Ruzzell further? Perhaps she felt bad that we hadn’t spoken since doofus pounded on me. Whatever the reason, my heart melted; my mind went blank and in that instant, I lost my nerve.
My silence visibly unsettled Ruzzell. “Do you understand, Risteen?” He wasn’t exactly forceful this time, but he was insistent.
“Yes,” I said as even-toned as I could manage, and felt the whole clan relax a little. Wiping most of the blood from my arm, I pressed my hand against the wound so the blood would clot.
“Good. Now…” Ruzzell continued—immediately, the tension returned; it seemed we’d all hoped his little speech was over—“…Judd, when it’s time for nominations, you will nominate me.”
Victor had served as a Mzee for our people, a senior leadership group of older men and women overseeing the clans. Currently, we had seven in total. Traditionally, the leader of every clan served on a supportive leadership tier that assisted the Mzees called Huduma —another Swahili term we borrowed, a word meaning, ‘service.’ Together, this combined leadership body helped guide us in our desperate attempt for survival.
As the average age of the clan leaders dropped with the worryingly frequent deaths of the older men and women, the leader of a clan was no longer automatically part of the second tier of leaders. One needed to be nominated for consideration. The chance of Ruzzell being asked to serve on Huduma tomorrow was slim, but a nomination tomorrow would mean in a year’s time, he would be a sure bet for appointment.
I wasn’t sure why he wanted to serve on this leadership group. It was a serious, responsible task and even made one a target of them. There certainly weren’t any perks that I knew of. Careless, pushing a sure-fire case for feckless, Ruzzell thought only of himself.
What is his agenda?
“Well…” Judd’s face folded in concentration, hesitant about how to frame his argument against the nomination; Ruzzell’s barefaced command perceptibly robbing him of words.
Ruzzell clicked his knuckles impatiently. “Our clan needs a representative on Huduma.”
Judd took in a cautious breath and stroked his nose. “I’m not sure—”
“Freak! This isn’t a negotiation or a discussion. Are we clear, pal?”
Judd went pale as his jaw stiffened.
I gave him a subtle nod, urging him to agree. I was pretty sure the Mzees would see through it. Today, we just had to get through Ruzzell’s tyrannical demands.
When Judd fumbled his words, I couldn’t help the ones that jumped into my mouth. “He’ll do it.”
“Well!” snarled Ruzzell, snapping around to me. “You’ve come around, haven’t you? I should have shot you earlier.” He glared at me suspiciously, his eyes twitching in their sockets. I could only guess that he was wondering what I was up to. I wish I could claim that I was concocting something more than merely seeing the day through. Alive.
“Okay, Ruzzell,” said Judd resignedly. “Yes, I’ll nominate you.” A quick glance shot my way spoke of his gratitude. I’d given him the chance to find his voice.
“Hey, Ruzz, what about Gels’s bruise and Ristan’s shiner?” asked Shawz cocksure; his exaggerated grin betraying a game plan in motion. Surely, it was too much to ask Shawz to come up with a question like that?
“Good point, Shawzie. Good point,” Ruzzell rubbed his cheek, scratching at his facial fuzz. He seemed to mull over an answer. “Yes, yes … Risteen hit Gels, and I had to defend her.”
I knew it! Ruzzell put him up to it.


Chapter 6

The combined groan from the others was lost in the hysterical outburst of Shawz’s laughter, again confirming my suspicion. Cartyr’s crazy cackle completed the comic sideshow.
It looked like Gellica tried to protest, but no words escaped her lips. Judd shook his head; he also couldn’t find his words. This time he didn’t look my way.
The fear and confusion written over the faces of those around me meant it was pretty obvious what I needed to do. Even though I knew the consequences I would no doubt face. My first penalty points, or as we referred to them: dark points. At least, four. When you’ve incurred ten dark points, you’re banished from the clans, sentenced to the Forbidden Region. Forever.
I looked at every person around the circle, doing my best to reassure them. “Fine,” I said, without even acknowledging Ruzzell. “The most important thing is that we actually make it to the Gathering tomorrow. We need to rest tonight and stick together. Tomorrow, I’m happy with the story he wants you to tell. I’ll defend myself—”
“Bravo!” Ruzzell chuckled caustically, and when Satoru Yun and Brucie Choong joined Shawz and Cartyr in the sarcastic applause, his little band of followers was becoming more distinguishable.
While Ruzzell used the platform to continue mouthing off his veiled threats, I knew I’d done enough to put everyone else at ease. We just needed to survive another night, get to the Gathering of the Clans alive and see what a new day had in store for us.
We spent our afternoons on various activities: washing or mending clothes, doing projects assigned to our clan by the Mzees, practicing archery and other survival skills, and engaging in a regular, no-holds-barred game of football. Victor had taught us to weave a ball out of dried-out river reeds.
A troubled-looking Judd volunteered to keep watch—we always had one person keep an eye out for danger—which meant it was an even five-on-five contest. The Untouchables—Nadalie, Shawz, Jordin, Dixan and I—versus the All-Stars—poor Gellica was teamed up with rogue Ruzzell, neurotic Brucie, crackpot Cartyr and tetchy Satoru. The girls could hold their own, and even though the Untouchables were a little on the light side, Dixan was the best footballer by some distance, and Shawz was a fantastic goalkeeper. I wasn’t a bad player myself, and even with my facial injuries was determined to keep our winning run going.
After a game that more resembled a battle zone than a friendly kick-around—the earlier tensions fuelling the game with more than a few x-rated tackles and bone-jarring body checks—the score was tied at four goals each. We all agreed: last goal wins it.
After Shawz easily collected a rather tame goal-bound shot from Ruzzell, doofus shoulder-charged our goalie. Shawz went sprawling, but still held on to the ball. Frustrated, Ruzzell kicked at him hard, splitting his lip. When Shawz spilled the ball, blood streaming from his face—and we’d all frozen in shock—Ruzzell gleefully kicked the loose ball between the goal posts and went ballistic. “Goal! We win it! All-Stars 5, Losers 4!”
He ran around doing a victory lap, hollering like an alpha-male Wolf in mating season. Brucie and Satoru joined in the exaggerated celebration; Cartyr climbed the nearest tree and started howling at a moonless sky. I couldn’t stop the grin creeping onto my face. The dude has mud for brains. Cartyr had no left earlobe—bitten off five moons ago by a Hog, when he tried to skin it alive. Yes, alive. Why? Because Ruzzell dared him to. (And because the poor guy had a lazy left eye that went AWOL whenever he was nervous or self-conscious, Cartyr was a veritable sore sight on the eyes.)
Gellica shook her head and with Nadalie, scooted off.
I walked over to Shawz, who remained on the floor with his head down. Blood dribbled into the dirt as his bottom lip quavered. Seeing his wet-shiny eyes, I offered him my hand.
He refused. “Y-y-you’re making me look weak.”
“I’m making you look weak? Come on, let me help you up.”
“Don’t you get it?” He spat out a mouthful of blood and rubbed his pockmarked face. “I don’t need your help.”
“Shawz buddy, we’re a clan, a family. We all need each other.”
“A family?” His voice squeaked, the emotion playing havoc with his recently broken resonance. Clearing his throat, he tried to deepen his tone. “Do you really think we’re a family?”
“Suppose you’re right,” I said annoyed. “We were once a family. Are you going to take my hand, or not?”
He looked at me, and for an instant his face softened and I thought he might just accept my offer. Ruzzell drew near and the moment was gone.
“Get up, loser.” Ruzzell feigned kicking Shawz again. “Are you sulking?”
Shawz leapt to his feet, biting his lip. “No way, dude! You kidding?”
Irritated, I turned and walked away as I heard Ruzzell start to give him a patronising pep talk about toughening up.

***

There was one more thing to do that day before climbing my tree to see out the dark hours—light the perimeter fires for the night with Judd. Dixan and Jordin’s pre-dark job was to fetch Hog paste from the other side of the river. (They traversed the river by using a long, deployable log serving as a retractable bridge.) Lighting the fires was our task.
While Judd and I were normally chatty, this evening, we completed our mission in silence. A thick despair seemed wrapped around my friend. I didn’t have the smarts or energy to try to break in.
An arc of fires, seven in all, served as a boundary restraint against prowling creatures. The river at our backs completed our circle of protection. In the middle of the camp, I added fresh wood to the fire we kept alive day in and day out. The women slept in two trees next to this main fire in the centre, near Base Stump. If they tried to snare our girls, we hoped that having to come through our trees would be something of a deterrent.
I was left to stoke the main fire myself. Face set low, Judd had managed a “Sorry” and then left before I could find my voice. I knew my friend was castigating himself for not standing up to Ruzzell. He had his father’s warm, confident brown eyes—but after today, both the warmth and confidence were gone.
He’ll be okay. Tomorrow.
Judd’s mother was also killed by The Plague on Earth. His father died towards the end of our second year on this planet. Torn apart by Eden’s monster predator, the tiger-like sabre-toothed terror. King of the jungle, the Sabre was terrifyingly violent and unfairly armed with a rhino-horn. While it mainly shredded its prey with its long, sabre-shaped canines and sharp, powerful claws, the horn was used for spiteful pleasure, to gore and torment. I still remember Judd’s father muffling his own screams. Downplaying the horror. For the sake of us, the children. I’d just turned nine.
Our arrows were useless against the beast’s red-and-green striped hide, thick as a rhino’s crust. In our favour, it was not as agile or nearly as fast as Earth’s tiger being so much larger and heavier. The only reason our entire clan didn’t get ripped apart that day. Even though, it was also the day my father died.
As the large bonfire crackled and popped with the addition of fresh fuel, a thousand different thoughts rattled around my mind before I became conscious of both Gellica and Nadalie looking down from their sleeping spots high up in their trees.
“Sorry ladies,” I said realising, lost in my own thoughts, I might be disturbing them.
“Don’t be,” replied Nadalie. “You’re a welcome sight before the dark.”
I looked up, grateful for her kind words, the ferocity of the fire light illuminating their pretty faces. They looked like angels, peering down from their lofty heights; I nearly lost my breath. Gellica’s eyes were fixed on me. Then she spoke.
“Rist … I’m really sorry about today.”
“What?” I absently cracked a thin branch over my knee. “No, you’ve got nothing to apologise for—”
“I do,” the inflexion of her voice was strained. “You stood up for me … and I did nothing.”
“Gellica, there was nothing you could do.”
She sighed. “I could have, should have said something.”
“Me too,” said Nadalie. “We all left you high and dry.”
I felt self-conscious, like my own skin didn’t fit me. “Nothing you could have said or done would have made a difference. It’s okay.”
“Thanks,” said Nadalie, her face beaming in the light. Gellica said nothing, but it looked like her eyes were teary. An awkward pause ensued.
“Goodnight then,” I said, unsure of what else to say.
“Night,” said Nadalie.
Gellica cleared her throat. “Goodnight.”
“Night then,” I said, and as I walked off, a bedtime rhyme flashed in mind. From a long, long time ago and far, far away. Something like, “Don’t let the bugs bite … if they do, bite them back”. I chuckled to myself. It was grossly inappropriate now.
The fires offered protection against predators, and the smouldering river reeds, which I had added in prodigious quantity, gave off a subtle yet repugnant odour that kept jungle bugs at bay. Another crucial survival tactic. Some of Eden’s insects could carry a small child away.
More than protection, however, the lit fires provided a measure of comfort for us at night. Sleeping alone up a tree in a jungle teeming with enemies and predators was a nerve-racking experience. The warm glow of the fire was therapeutic, and helped most people sleep.
I was one of the exceptions.

Chapter 7

Another night, another nightmare. This time, the specifics haunted me.
I remember the fear.
The panic was tangible. Terror animated every waking moment.
And dread kept sleep away.
The rising temperatures on Earth were gradual at first, but then started to escalate. Rapidly.
The polar ice caps melted, and the oceans rose. Fast. So quickly.
Prime coastal land disappeared overnight.
Millions drowned in their beds.
The deserts expanded and the agricultural industry came to a standstill.
The world economy collapsed.
It had been teetering on edge for a long time, held in place by a thousand last-ditch compromises to keep it altogether. Then it just slipped off … into the black hole of mayhem and gloom.
With food and resources scarce, violence and war scarred every neighbourhood and every nation. Desperate people do desperate things.
Had anyone kept their integrity? Maintained their innocence?
Then The Plague … a super virus, of Biblical proportions, brewed in the cauldron of antibiotic dependence, aided and abetted by a hydra of viruses unleashed on the planet through multiple nation-versus-nation conflicts, and their manic and flagrant use of bioweapons. Killing millions. And … Mum.
Dad said that I have her blonde hair and blue eyes.
Why can’t I remember her? Not even in my dreams.
Then another source of pain ripped through my mind.
Monix.
Why? Why did I lose her—?
“Argggghhhh!” My own scream yanked me out of slumber. I had bitten the inside of my mouth. Without my permission, my tongue explored the raw, sensitive wound caused by my own teeth. “Arghh, man!” I winced at the pain and tasted the metallic tang of blood in my mouth.
Clearing my throat, I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes with the heel of my hand; my eyes took a while to come into focus.
Below the jungle canopy of dense evergreen leaves, it felt as though we were trawling underwater, like living in a large overgrown algae-infested aquarium. A murky pond. In spring and summer, the ambiance consisted of diverse shades of bold green and a spattering of chromatic purple. The air was soup thick and humid, and the shafts of light that plunged through the overhead cover illuminated the millions of dancing, floating, swimming dust motes and pollen spores.
A sigh escaped my lips.
I gently touched the inside of my cheek and gingerly massaged the inflamed, gashed ridge of torn flesh, feeling so tired, nauseous … exhausted. And we had a long journey ahead of us.

***

We were on our way at first light, slipping into the thick jungle replete with the first splotches of spring’s saturated colours—an exhilarant sensory overload coupled with an electric adrenalin rush. We never travelled in the dark hours. That was when they preyed on us. They didn’t like the light and seemed to keep away from our river. We were not sure why, but it was one reason the clans were located against the river, a thousand strides from each other. Anything to try to keep them away.
I hate them. Like a caged animal hates a cattle prod.
The river came from the northern mountains in the far distance and ran past our camp, down towards the dark, sunken valleys in the south we called the Shadow Valleys. At a hunch, it was about thirty thousand strides away … and it was from where they loomed. We were the second last clan downriver. The last clan, a thousand strides south of us, was the one closest to the Forbidden Region—the area between us and the Shadow Valleys.
A thousand strides upriver from us lodged a third clan, and at least every thousand strides thereafter dwelt more clans. There were nineteen in total. At least, that was how things stood last year when the Mzees shared their report at the Gathering of the Clans. Once upon a time, there were more of us. A lot more.
We had six thousand strides to cover this morning, or as we preferred to say, six treks—one trek measuring a thousand strides, roughly eight hundred metres.
Six treks might not sound far, but it was through dense, untamed jungle, and we dared not carve a pathway through it. The thick jungle was our friend, not our foe—it provided cover despite making the journey arduous.
A half-smile peeled onto my face at the memory. My first ventures into the thick arms of the jungle: knotted-branch arms and gnarled-root fingers that seemed eager to grab me, claw me, throttle me. Now, I plunged into jungle foliage, knowing its embrace offered protection.
Even though they appeared phobic about the light, they knew we gathered once a year and might attempt to sabotage our trip. A full attack on the gathered clans wasn’t entirely out of the question either. If we stayed on into the dark hours, it was pretty much a sure bet. Needless to say, our anniversary each year was a bitter-sweet concoction of apprehension and celebration.
Six treks north lay our destination where the clans gathered, close to the main camp. A little over one trek west of the main camp was the Ark … or at least, what was left of our spacecraft.
That was where we landed ten years ago.
Thirty thousand of us.
I still remembered the mixed feelings we had on that first day, on arrival at Eden. We had left Earth behind knowing it would become a molten fireball sometime during our six-month space odyssey. Some called it the Venus Syndrome—the theory that once a planet’s ozone layer was destroyed, temperatures would rise exponentially until the planet turned into a raging inferno. Absolute worst-case doomsday scenario. This was what probably befell the planet Venus. Or so it was speculated. For Earth, speculation turned into a horrifying reality.
Most of us felt a measure of guilt for leaving Earth and its remaining five million inhabitants … especially because the selection process had been so clinical, so cruel. Initially, it was done in secret. Then the news leaked and it became public knowledge. Anarchy. Bedlam. Chaos. The ABCs of Earth’s final hurrah. Already cracking up, planet Earth became one big, bloated, blistering madhouse.
The only reason Dad was chosen over another brilliant, equally qualified microbiologist was simple: I was over the five-years-of-age bracket, seven to be exact. That Mum was dead probably helped, too. The other doctor, Joseph Reynolds, was married and had two children. One aged four and the other just six months old. Children under five would not make it on the long, treacherous voyage, the selection panel said. At least, that’s what the party-line was. Clinical. Cruel.
Was there any other way?
Plus, selecting the two of us opened up two additional spots for other people with the necessary skills to give humanity the best fighting chance of survival. The Ark could only hold thirty thousand. 
We never passed judgment on the selection panel. I certainly would have buckled under that responsibility. And of course, we were selected, so why would we complain? We weren’t left guessing what those not selected felt. It was difficult to see any dignity in the human race during those final, mad, crazy days. Dad only lived two years on this unforgiving planet, but he lived those two years with a back-breaking load of guilt. He agonised over Dr. Joseph Reynolds and his family every single day.
On the day we arrived on Eden, the culpability we harboured was partly dissipated by the new sense of hope we all felt. Our new home in an adjacent solar system, one that could sustain life.
Similar to Earth in so many ways, the main difference being Eden was younger and larger, and it had just one land mass surrounded by oceans. Pangaea-like. And the land area was a fraction of the Earth’s—basically, a planet of raging oceans with a little garden strip in the middle.
Because Eden was so far far away, the research conducted on the planet was limited, and when the temperatures on Earth started to double every day, Ark-I was launched well ahead of schedule. They planned to complete the building of nine more. Planet Earth lost its race against time.
That we’d made our six-month voyage to another galaxy—I was too young to understand the scientific breakthroughs in the years before the launch that enabled us to travel so far in just half an Earth-year—meant when we landed safely on what was a beautiful, paradise-looking Eden, the guilt was replaced with relief and joy … and hope.
Didn’t last long.
Ten thousand died in our first forty-eight hours.
Many of those who perished ate the wrong food. The Hazardberries—our inaugural horror story. They looked absolutely delicious, luscious, appetising. Seemingly the first fruits of our new Eden, the first reward of a long, long expedition. Especially when your body had been subjected to an induced coma for six months, fed intravenously.
Captain Hazard guzzled a mouthful in celebration, and in the three minutes it took for the first stabbing pain to strike, hundreds had tucked in.
I can still remember the ear-splitting screams. Nerve-shattering. Enough to curdle the blood. Within minutes, everyone who had so much as tasted the toxic fruit was dead—its juice appearing to be a kind of slow-releasing acid that, once in contact with human saliva, burnt through tissue, muscle and skin.
It was a gory, terrible first hour on our new planet.
An unforgiving, savage planet on which the odds were never in our favour.
During those ghastly first two days, others were killed by the strange, wild beasts that seemed to think food had just dropped out of the sky. The Raptor, Sabre, Serpent and Wolf were the main beneficiaries.
But most were killed by them.


Chapter 8

On our first night on this planet, they came in their hundreds. Almost like they were prepared for our arrival. Waiting. Their screeching voices, mimicking the cawing sound of the Raptor. Terrifying. Heart-stopping. Under the cover of darkness, they lurked, and it was an especially dark night in more ways than one. We’ve called nighttime the dark hours since.
Like demented, ghostly apparitions, they struck with bestial rage and savagery. The only sightings we had of them were flashes of their frightful, fiery and furious red eyes—and of course, the crimson flare from their laser guns that burnt straight through the human body. We were sitting ducks, easy targets. I still gag when I recall the smell of burning flesh.
The net result of that first night: thousands dead, the Ark obliterated. Everything on board had been wrecked; the craft itself, incinerated. Completely razed to the ground. The people were scattered … and our naïve, fledgling hopes shattered. Day One. Welcome to Eden? Tsk! Welcome to Hell. It didn’t take faultless Vulcan logic to conclude that we had to adapt or face certain elimination.
During the next two moons—suffering unbridled terror amid under-siege conditions—the senior men and women among us, including my father, showed their resilience, and the resolve of the human spirit. Desperation was a ruthless tutor, and the learning curve a vertical gradient. But we mastered enough to survive.
We learnt that the light hours were safe from them, but during the dark hours we needed to be strapped up in a tree somewhere. The higher, the better. On the ground, we were cannon fodder.
We also discovered that if we were in groups of around twenty-five or more, they were sure to attack. Like a red rag to a bull, or in Eden’s parlance, human skin to a Sabre. In smaller clams of twenty or less, we evidently no longer posed a threat. After we discovered this, we concluded that their main motivation for the onslaught was territorial. Maybe they had thwarted an invasion from an alien race before, perhaps at great cost.
Since the first two moons of war—if it could be called a war, we did not find one of their dead bodies, though we must have killed a few—they had not marshalled another overt attack again.
On one occasion, in our second year on Eden, two clans joined together, planning a few days of friendship and bonding—their numbers coming to around forty people. By the second night, only three survived to tell the tale.
The same applied if we tried to construct anything resembling a permanent dwelling such as a house or fort. Two nights wouldn’t pass by before it would be destroyed, along with those responsible for building it. Even clustering together in one tree for the night seemed to draw their fury. Needless to say, we knew they were watching us. Always watching.
Now, our only concern was their random attacks on individuals. The theory we held was that it had something to do with initiating youth as full adult members. Part of the initiation rite, or so we assumed, involved killing a human. It could happen at any time of the year, obviously during the dark hours.
They tended to target those they perceived as leaders for a kill, and they had a perverse liking for our younger women. We would find our men and older women dead in their trees, pierced through the heart, a tiny but fatal puncture wound in the chest. Our girls would just disappear … gone, no sound, no trace of their bodies anywhere, and no tracks to pursue. None. This was the reason we had a dearth of mature leaders, and why the men outnumbered the women so drastically. And why we hated them with perfect hatred.
We learnt many other invaluable lessons during those first two moons. Our survival as a species depended on it.
For one, we learnt what berries and nuts we could eat, and which ones to avoid.
On the verge of starvation, we discovered that the filthy and fierce-looking rat-pig was harmless, and would serve as our primary source of protein.
Hog, Hog and more Hog. What I’d do for a pizza with extra cheese. The older ones among us often drooled over the thought of coffee. I never got to taste the stuff. Strange as it might sound; the luxuries I miss most are toothbrushes, nail-clippers and toilet paper. Not necessarily in that order.
Besides being vital to our diet, when the freezing winter moons rolled in, we turned the Hog pelts into blankets. We also learnt that their fermenting flesh kept the Raptor away.
To our utter relief, we found out the Sabre and the Wolf couldn’t climb trees and weren’t fond of fire, or the denser parts of the jungle, or the river. Raptor, Sabre, Serpent and Wolf … yes, simplistic names; labels that arose out of fear and haste. One day we might assign better, more scientific names to these beasts. These days, we tried not to talk about them at all.
We also learnt that days on Eden were longer than on Earth, but with the Ark destroyed, along with all our technology, we had no equipment to calculate the exact length. The scientists among us developed a way to mark time and measure days. Today, we had survived on Eden for 3,500 days which, with a slightly longer day, was maybe around ten Earth-years. Eden’s moon revolved around the planet every twenty-eight days, so we had survived one-hundred-and-twenty-five moons—our term for ‘months.’
Thirty thousand of us landed on planet Eden.
Ten thousand lost in the first forty-eight hours.
After the first two moons, just over four thousand remained.
Ten years later, three hundred and sixty-seven were left.
Well, that was the head count at the last anniversary. Since then, we’d lost Victor. Who knew how many members the other clans had lost?
And still no babies were born. We weren’t sure why, but in ten years there had not been a single birth. I would pity the first parents trying to raise a child in this cruel world, but it would surely have to happen soon. New couples married from time to time, but still we waited.
On Earth we had used phrases to describe species that matched our survival rate on Eden. However, we didn’t speak about words like ‘endangered’ or ‘extinction.’ We clung to some elusive hope. I guess that’s the way of the human spirit. It did help to know that the Mzees were working on something significant. Although no one outside the senior leadership yet knew the details, the plan—called Operation: Future Forward—involved moving beyond mere survival. We dreamt of creating a thriving future. A wild, obscure hope perhaps, but then again, all hope borders on the unfeasible. Void of hope, humanity ceases to exist; as Victor always said: “Without the flicker of hope, the human soul fades into oblivion.”
As I worked my way through the thick jungle pondering our brief history on Eden, a realisation dawned on me. Something I always intuitively felt, but for the first time, I could get my head around it. I thought of us as ‘we,’ a family. One people. We were so few and our enemies so many, we were forced to pull together to survive.
Although I was only a terrified seven-year-old half-pint during those horrific first two moons, I was proud of what we had learnt, of how we had adapted. I was part of our survival, our success, and would have given my life to ensure ‘we’ moved forward into a sustainable future. In fact, the horror of those first two moons did not haunt my sleep as much as the last two months on Earth. We saw the worst of the human nature then. On Eden, we saw the best—despite the staggering challenges we’ve had to overcome.
Through those frightful first two moons, the Mzees emerged, a simple leadership model of mature men and women who put our collective well-being ahead of their own lives. Heroic examples of integrity and courage, they gathered to meet three or four times a year to trade stories, continually comparing notes, relentlessly learning more about our new home planet. Our future depended on it.
A big part of the anniversary each year was to keep our hopes alive, encouraging one-heart across the clans, to share what we had learnt since we last gathered. New information was a treasure, crucial to our progress. The wider Huduma group interviewed each person with questions, carefully prepared by the Mzees, to take advantage of this opportunity. The interviews weren’t intimidating at all, just the opposite.
During those ten minutes, you’d feel safe, cared for, even significant. Knowing that the information you shared, the lessons you had learnt, contributed to a better future. In a small but powerful way, you got to know one of the leaders, and you felt enlarged, part of the wider family. I knew I could never be one of them. Certainly not mature enough, or selfless enough … which was why Ruzzell’s desire to be nominated was so puzzling to me. I couldn’t imagine him imparting the same comfort and hope the leaders did in those interviews.
What is he up to?
Bringing up the tail of our travel-party, along with Dixan and my many thoughts, I deftly pulled myself under an opaque, grape-coloured bush scrub. With ten centimetre-long barbed thorns, at first glance, it looked impassable. Without a second glance, I was already through it. Nimbly, Dixan made easy work of it, too. Learning to dodge poison tipped thorns was like learning to cross a busy road.
Stop. Look. Shield. Think.
During our trip, a word was never uttered. Hand signals were all we used, and even then it was seldom necessary. We all knew the way to main base, and it wasn’t difficult to find: just keep the river on your right and venture north.
Every year, either Ruzzell or I would bring up the rear due to our skill with the bow. Victor normally took lead. This year Ruzzell had assumed the lead, and Dixan was told to join me at the tail. I, of course, had lost my bow to Shawz.
On the journey, we did not follow each other in single file. This would make it too easy to track us, and would wear a pathway through the jungle. Instead, in bands of two or three, each group would leave after an one-hundred-and-twenty count—setting a course parallel to the other groups ahead.
I preferred being at the tail. I could protect the clan this way, alerting them of any dangers from behind. Gratefully, our clan had never been preyed on en route to the Gathering.
The clans south of the main base, like us, walked the distance. The clans north ferried the river. They would come downstream on makeshift rafts; the current was strong, and they cruised quickly—arriving a lot earlier than we did. It was also the reason they had to leave before us. They walked back, before the dark hours fell. We would then take their rafts, and sail down to our camp. The rafts would eventually end up as our firewood. It was a small price for them to pay—they lived further away from the Shadow Valleys.
As I pushed through some large, lush leaves and ducked carefully under another low-lying branch armed with needle-sharp spikes, I caught my breath. Ahead of me, some forty strides away, our clan had all assembled at another camp’s Base Stump.
Clearing the same thorn-laced branch, Dixan’s eyes narrowed. “Why are we stopping in Clan Three’s camp? This isn’t right, bro.”
I felt my head tilt to one side and my nose scrunch in anger.
What’s Ruzzell up to now?

Chapter 9

Never! It was against the rules. Or more accurately, against the spirit of the Rule.
We never entered another clan’s camp unless invited, or in case of emergency. And this applied strictly to the course to the Gathering, when our route would take us past neighbouring camps along the way. The rule of thumb was fifty strides. A travelling clan had to keep at least fifty strides from an empty camp.
It was about respect and dignity, the Golden Rule. We would want the clan south of us to respect the privacy of our camp. We should do likewise.
I thought we all bought into the values the Mzees cultivated among us. Admittedly conservative, even traditional, these ideals provided order and harmony to an existence so lacking in either.
I guess I was wrong. Ruzzell’s been trampling all over them since Victor died.
Infuriated now, propelled by a sense of injustice, I was not even sure how I covered the distance that separated me from my clan so quickly.
“Come on, Ruzz; please…” I heard Judd’s toadyish tone as Ruzzell and his young bucks rummaged through the camp unashamedly.
“What’s he up to now?” I heard the anger twined in my own voice fuelled by my growing frustration with Judd’s feeble wet-blanket attempts to stand up to Ruzzell.
“Rist, don’t…” Judd put a strong arm across my chest. “This time I will deal with it.” I checked my rage and stood down when I saw the grimace across Judd’s face. He looked like a man carrying the weight of the planet on his shoulders. Almost as though he owed us something. Owed me something. With his jaw set and his eyes cutting a determined look, Judd turned in Ruzzell’s direction and raised his voice: “Ruzz! Stop this!”
In response, Ruzzell whooped loudly and continued poking around our neighbour’s camp. “Hey, guys,” he snickered, blatantly ignoring Judd, “make sure it looks like some wild beast wrecked it.” And then, as if to taunt us all, he defiled the camp by urinating over their Base Stump.
I felt my own jaw hang agape with shock. Livid, it took all my will power to contain myself. If not for Judd’s request, I would have flung myself into Ruzzell—even though I’d certainly get another whipping.
“Ruzzell!” Judd was beyond desperate; frantic to stop him from desecrating the camp further, and anxious to stand up to the bully at last. “Ruzzell … if you don’t stop, I’ll report—”
He didn’t get the words out. Ruzzell was on him in a heartbeat. Even I was caught out by his remarkable speed for a big man.
“You’ll what?!” he growled as he towered over Judd, pressing his gnarled brow against the smaller man’s head.
“Ruzzell, come on…” Judd’s shoulders slunk, his defiance evaporating quickly. Browbeaten, he looked like a school kid before a bully on the playground.
Without mercy—and I swear, with perverse glee in his eyes—Ruzzell swung his fist in a full arc, catching Judd in the midriff. He buckled, wheezing, gasping for air.
Caught in two minds, not sure whether I should take Ruzzell on or check on Judd, I hesitated. When I saw Nadalie reach for keeled-over Judd, I decided to confront Ruzzell.
“Unh-unh! Don’t even think about it, dude,” said Shawz, his upper lip curled in a sneer. Sensing my intention, the arrow notched on his bow pointed at my heart. My bow. I froze. I had not taken him into account.
As cool as you like, Ruzzell’s eyes stared me down. “Geez, Risteen! And then you went and decked Judd. Heck! We’ve got a tale to tell the Mzees, don’t we, boys?”
Shawz laughed loudest as Ruzzell’s young bloods all snickered. At first, I didn’t understand what he was on about … blinded by rage, the logic centre of my brain had shut down. When the sardonic hee-hawing finally petered out, the penny dropped. Of course, I would now be given credit for striking another clan member.
With Ruzzell evidently satisfied that he had milked this unabashed foray on our neighbours’ campsite for all its worth; it was time to carry on our journey. He and Shawz headed off first; the second group of two, an ashen-faced, winded Judd and a concerned Gellica would leave next, after one-hundred-and-twenty counts. Jordi and skinny sixteen-year-old Brucie would follow them, before a group of three—Cartyr, Satoru and Nadalie—would go before us. Dixan and I would again bring up the rear.
While I waited our turn, I tried my best to clean up the camp Ruzzell and Shawz had trashed. It was then, I noticed Nadalie Palmer in the corner of my eye.
Nadalie’s father died on our maiden night in Eden. During the first assault of them. Her mother dodged The Plague on Earth only to die of some mystery illness on Eden during our fifth year. That left Nadalie’s clan down to seven; ours down to ten. That’s when our clans merged. A year younger than me, nothing seemed to faze Nads, and I can’t recall her ever losing her bounce. I so enjoyed her company. To be honest, I even felt a little envious of her carefree spirit. Green … in a good way. More like admiration.
Wish I could be a little more like that.
“Hey, Rist,” Nadalie called for my attention as she held out her closed hand.
“Yes, sorry … what?” I tried to drag myself out of my own head. “Um, everything okay?”
“Yeah, for sure.” Even now, her untroubled smile brightened my mood. “Here, take this,” she said waiting for me to open my hand.
“What?” I asked bemused as Nadalie dropped a small pendant of sorts in my palm. “What’s this, Nads?”
“It’s from Gels.”
“Whuh—?”
“She asked me to give it to you.” Nadalie wiped her ash-blonde hair from her pretty face.
My thoughts seemed stuck in sludge. “Wh-why?”
“Well,” she hesitated for a moment and her eyes looked into me, “to thank you for yesterday, but mostly as a promise—”
“But, but this looks precious, sentimental to her.”
“Yeah,” she said, scrunching her pert, upturned nose. “It was her mother’s.”
“What? I can’t take it.” A promise? “Nads, um, what do you mean, a promise?”
“I can’t say too much, because she can’t. Or doesn’t want you to get hurt.”
I felt my arms cross in front of me; to control the apprehension building inside. I couldn’t connect two logical thoughts together. “Pardon?”
“Listen,” Nadalie’s face turned solemn, and her eyebrow’s pinched together. “By now you know Ruzzell is out to get you and Judd. And he’s threatened Gels—”
The muscles in my neck tensed as fire exploded in my veins. “Threatened Gellica?!”
“Just calm down, Rist.” Nadalie put her hand on my shoulder. “I’m saying too much already, but sometime after Victor died, the jerk told her he wanted her. You know … his exact words were, I’m going to be a king, and I see you as my queen.” She shook her head and pressed her lips into a thin line. “Stupid turd.”
I clenched my fists—enjoying the bite of the pendant in my right palm—and pulled my arms tighter across my chest, trying to master my steaming anger.
Nadalie squeezed my shoulder. “Please, Rist; don’t do anything rash. This is why…”—her eyes darted beyond me, and when they came back to me, her voice lowered—“Okay, here it is. When Gels told him that she wasn’t interested in him, like, at all, Ruzzell then threatened to destroy you and Judd … you know, figuring she fancied one of the two of you.”
I exhaled trying to shed my rage and think straight. “Geez! Why didn’t she tell us?”
“Because you’d do something dim-witted and play into Ruzzell’s hands. She wasn’t really sure what to do, and didn’t want to paint a bigger target on you.”
“Too late,” I snapped more sternly than I intended to. “I mean,” I explained myself, “I’ve already done the stupid part.”


Chapter 10

“Well, that’s just the thing,” Nadalie’s lips tightened into a tense line again. “With all that’s happened in the last day, she wanted you to know how she feels, but with Ruzzell watching her like a manic Raptor, she asked me to give you the pendant. As a promise.”
“A promise? I still don’t understand.” Maybe I did, but I didn’t want to assume anything. Dad used to joke: “If you assume, you make an ass out of you and me.”
 “Rist, are you so naïve?” Her smile returned suddenly, her sky-blue eyes dancing, catching me off guard.
I took a careful breath. “Naïve?”
“She’s … she’s…” Nadalie’s eyebrows arched. “Oh, come on. You don’t know?”
“Nadalie, I don’t know what you’re talking about.” I needed to hear it. No guessing, no games.
“You’re wonderful you know that.” Her smile looked genuine. The comment didn’t seem sarcastic, but I was completely befuddled.
Will I ever understand women?
“Keep it safe, and speak to her when we get to the Gathering Place.”
I was stumped. Her group was ready to go. Eighteen-year-old Satoru, irritable as usual, signalled her over with a scowl.
Nadalie stepped towards me, stood on her toes and kissed me lightly on my cheek, my scarred cheek. I thought I was going to faint as heat rushed into my cheeks.
“That’s a thank you from me too … we feel completely safe around you. If Gels wasn’t like a sister to me, I’d…” She didn’t finish her sentence, but a cheeky glow spread across her face—her blue eyes mesmerising; her petite features radiant.
“Nadalie!” said Satoru, his angulated eyes narrowed in agitation. “Come, girlie! Move your butt; we’ve got to go!”
“Just chill out, boy-Grinch!” Nadalie snapped back before giving me a wink; then she turned to join her group, and together they left in haste, the dense jungle gobbling them up whole.
“Come, Risto … let’s get ready to rumble.” Dixan’s voice broke my daze.
I puffed out my cheeks, and opened my hand. A small but beautiful heart-shaped pendant sat in my palm—and as if magically connected to my heart by some mystical string, it tugged gently on my soul. My addled brain spun. I couldn’t string one rational thought to another.
“Bro, come … we’ve got to go!”
I put the pendant in the pocket of my pants, into the secret pouch I’d made inside the pocket … where I kept the only thing I had from my mother. It was the third and final piece of my family inheritance, her diamond wedding ring.

***

I floated through the thick undergrowth, entirely lost in thought. While I usually pondered as I walked, I always remained vigilant, every sense active. Listening, looking, smelling … even tasting when necessary.
This was different. Now it was almost as though I didn’t care if they were tracking us, or if a Raptor was swooping overhead. Of course, I did. But the harsh cruelty of the jungle seemed devoid of power and menace. I could not remember ever feeling so weirdly ebullient. Confusion spiked with wonder. I had burned through my rage over Ruzzell’s demented tomfoolery, and was left with the bamboozling thrill of what Nadalie revealed.
I ran through yesterday. I only tried to protect Gellica for one reason: to stand up for her against a bully. Or was it the only reason? I would have done that for Nadalie, Jordi, anyone … yes, even Ruzzell if he was the victim.
Actually, right now, I’d like to see Ruzzell the victim for once.
I wasn’t entitled to any undue gratitude.  Nor did I seek it. I simply did my part around camp, and what I could for the good of the clan. We all did this, didn’t we?
Why did Gellica give me her mother’s pendant? What does a promise mean? Does she really prefer me over Judd? Why do I feel so awkward around her? What the heck did Nadalie mean, exactly?
I had only received a gift from someone other than my parents on one occasion. From my first love … my only love. At least, I think it was love.
Monix.
I met Monix Voclain four years ago at the Gathering of the Clans. I spoke to her for a total of about ten minutes. Yet in those amazing six hundred beats of my adrenalin-spiked heart, I thought it would explode. Unfortunately, it was the only time we had together; her clan had to leave. She was from the northern-most clan.
I had just turned fourteen years old at the time; she was one year younger.
She gave me a grass wristband she had woven.
She said she would think of me every day, and see me at the next anniversary.
I don’t think I got too many words out at that point. I do remember being hopelessly giddy.
Geez, looking back, I was an absolute goner. Sad, really.
Her eyes, her captivating eyes were like deep pools of blue ocean, alive with energy. Mesmerising. She was on my mind every single day for a year. Her beautiful face, golden blonde hair, high cheekbones, smooth skin … gorgeous. And those eyes … the memory of those enchanting eyes seemed emblazoned in my heart and mind. Throughout that year, the thought of her squeezed me on the inside in the most wonderful way, and soothed my troubled soul, keeping the nightmares at bay.
I remember the jubilation, the thrill, the expectation that carried me to the Gathering of the Clans that next year.
But she wasn’t there. I couldn’t find her.
Eventually, I coughed up the courage to ask her clan leader where she was.
Them.
They took her.
About three moons after we shared our magical ten-minute tryst, they plucked her from her tree. And no one heard a sound. No one ever hears a sound.
Man, I hate them.
The only thing she left behind was a name carved into the bark of her tree. Six letters.
My name.
That day, the last bit of my heart died.
I thought I was dead inside when my Dad passed away, but meeting her had awakened something, deep down, in me. A sense of hope, the thought of love … of sharing this miserable life with another.
The news of her disappearance brought Death to roost in me once more; its long, bony fingers wrapped tight around my soul, its sharp, crooked fingernails clawing into my core. I felt like a walking corpse. I had nothing to remember her by. The wrist band withered away like my slim chance of happiness.
After several days of bellyaching and mourning, I chose to throw myself into serving the clan, protecting our members from them, from any threat. I was sure I always wanted to serve, to protect, to be like my father. But that day, I think I died to ever having any joy of my own.
It’s not about me.
Now, Gellica’s gift stirred things in my heart I thought were dead, dead, dead. In fact, I felt a tingling sensation all over. Hope. I was just about to rehearse Dad’s song in my head when…
“Watch it!” Dixan’s voice snapped me out of my spell, but I heard his warning too late. I crashed into a hole, and bumped my head hard. Dazed and grazed, I took a minute to pull myself together.
“Are you okay?” Dixan looked nearly as puzzled as I was. Cocking his brow, he gave a low whistle. “You walked straight into it, bro. You! Mister-Hear-Everything-See-Everything!”
I rubbed my sore head, the bump compounded by the beating I took yesterday.
Dixan, still grinning, his teeth pearly white against his dark-skinned handsome face, offered me his hand. I took it gratefully and with his help, I escaped the confines of the hole. “Glad to amuse you,” I chuckled noticing that he couldn’t extinguish the ear-to-ear beam on his mug.
“Bro,” his head bounced on his sturdy shoulders, “I’ve just never seen you make a mistake before … ever!”
“What do you call rumbling with Ruzzell yesterday then?” I played along.
“Courage!”
The laughter abruptly stopped; an emotive silence suddenly befell us. Trapping my breath in my throat; catching the thoughts in my head.
Huh?
Looking straight into my eyes, for a bewildering moment I thought Dixan might cry. “Thank you, bro,” he said, chuffing out the words.
“Pardon?” I thought I must be in some self-indulgent dream.
“Thank you for your courage, Risto.” His head lolled on his shoulders and his bottom lip quivered slightly. “Most the time, I’m so terrified. Truth, bro; every second of every bleeding day … and then … then I look at you, and the fear, it goes.”
“Really…?” Clearly, I was not good at handling compliments. I had never received any until now. “I’m scared too, Dix.”
“I know, but … but Risto, you don’t let it, like, control you or change you.”
The awkwardness was too much for me to bear. “Cheers, Dix … thank you for helping me out the hole.” I put my hand on his shoulder momentarily and then pointed in the direction we needed to go. “Come, let’s go … we need to make up some lost time.”


Chapter 11

I took the next ten minutes to reprimand myself for the sheer stupidity that led to my embarrassing fall.
Twit! You know better.
I focused intently on the task at hand: getting safely to the Gathering of the Clans. Falling into a hole? How dumb can I be?! On this brutal, merciless planet, one mistake could cost you your life. Worse, it could threaten the lives of your clan members.
One mistake.
It won’t happen again.
I batted away the thoughts that had filled my head prior to my tumble. Now I listened. And looked. And smelt. Alert. Vigilant. Fortunately, there was no need to taste. That was only necessary when tracking or hunting. (Only hunger made me subject my tastebuds to the jungle’s pungent horrors.)
The hot morning sunlight punctured through the dense foliage canopy high above my head, violently spearing the low-level jungle scrub with lance-like beams that ruptured into dappled pools of violet light. Then out of the blue, a jolting thought arrested my attention.
Why now? Why all these compliments; why all these flattering words?
I would never doubt Dixan, and certainly wouldn’t entertain the notion that Gellica’s or Nadalie’s motives were spurious. However, the tense, vexing circumstances created by Ruzzell’s insanity might be the reason.
Perhaps they’re feeling guilty?
They all agreed to perpetrate Ruzzell’s lie, under duress of course. Yes, that must be it. Unexpectedly, a wave of guilt crashed over me. I didn’t want them to feel this way; after all, I agreed to it.
But why did I?
Judd was the peacemaker, not me. I wasn’t scared to rumble another round with Ruzzell. However, doing so would have made it intolerable for the others, and more than likely embolden the doofus further.
I guess I was hoping the truth would prevail at the Gathering, but how could it, if the clan all backed-up Ruzzell’s false allegations? I would receive my first dark points, and with it, the imputed shame. That was not what weighed on my mind, however.
My mind was troubled by what would happen when we returned to camp after the Gathering. How strong would Ruzzell’s position of power be with me dark-marked? If I stood up to him again, and he made similar claims … then what? We were a clan in chaos. Constantly threatened from the outside, we were now tearing apart from the inside.

***

It was midmorning when we arrived. Even from a trek away, I had caught sight of several plumes of camp-fire smoke twisting up from the main camp, snaking high into the air, holding their near-vertical course, before disappearing into the distant thermals. There was not even a breath of wind today. Typical of spring. And the mauve-tinted sky was sparsely dotted with thread-like clouds that would soon vanish in the noontime sun. A perfect day.
Summer was the rainy season—when the afternoon thunderstorms arrived like clockwork. Although it provided a break from the unbearable, scorching summer heat, courtesy of Eden’s proud, young sun, the blitz of rain showers was brutal, tearing through the jungle canopy with fist-sized rain drops that bombed the flora with vicious intent, almost as though the thunder-angry sky was at war with the ground. As millions of wet shells assaulted millions of leaves, the fallout was so loud, so deafening, that attempts to talk during the bombardment were futile. Only the large, waxy leaves of the large jungle ferns provided some cover from the pelting raid, even though no one escaped a thorough drenching—which given the heat wasn’t the problem. What was extremely unpleasant, suffocatingly so, was the soup-thick cloying humidity that immediately rushed in behind the dispersing rain clouds as the summer sun baked the wet, shell-shocked jungle.
Think warm, pea-green soup. Now, think swimming in the stuff.
Spring, however, offered only warm, clement weather, a perfect setting for celebration.
The main camp was very similar to ours, like every clan’s campground. As such, no more than twenty people dwelt here. About five hundred strides west of the camp, halfway towards the empty husk of the Ark, was the Gathering Place. It was an open, cleared area, and it was already teeming with people. We were the second last clan to arrive, so it was nearly a full house.
Having spent a year with just ten others, day in and day out for three hundred and fifty days, every day obsessed and consumed with survival, the crowd looked overwhelming, daunting. Intimidating. I could feel myself shiver; awhirl with excitement and anxiety, anticipation and apprehension. And when I looked at my clan, I could see I wasn’t the only one.
First things first, the check-in. Every clan signed-in on arrival, submitted weapons—knives, bows and arrows—and reported what we called major issues immediately. The big five: deaths, births, testimonials, grievances, and nominations.
There was always bad news to report, never good news to share. Our clan had at least one death to report each year—even though Judd and I had already reported Victor’s death to the Mzees since his loss had such wide-reaching ramifications. Like every clan, there was never a birth to report. A testimonial was a beyond-normal feat of bravery accomplished by a clan member. Even though courage was common in our clan, we never had one to share. Victor had encouraged us to win as a family, to shy away from individual accolades. And we loved him for this approach. At least, I thought we all did.
Until this year, we had never had a grievance or a nomination. Today, we had both. Judd nominated Ruzzell; everyone confirmed it at check-in—except me. I couldn’t bring myself to lie. Ruzzell then reported my alleged attack on Gellica and Judd, and the clan verified his report. My veto to his nomination now looked contrived, motivated by bitterness.
So be it.
I didn’t take notice of the glares from the check-in leaders; they could only take the word of a clan seemingly united against an offender. The focus of my attention was on Gellica. She had torn herself away from the rest of us, clearly distressed, wiping away the tears that streaked her beautiful face. My heart ached. I wished I could comfort her and felt a measure of relief when Nadalie gave her a shoulder to cry on.
This outbreak of emotion was unlike her. Gellica was an amazingly strong person. She had shown such laudable resilience ever since losing her family to the Wolf-pack. And the heart-touching warmth and genuine interest she showed to others made you feel like you were the only person on the planet. I found being near her cathartic, her serene maturity and natural beauty empowering. And her wise eyes and swan-like neck ennobled her, making her seem taller than she actually was. Yet, soon after Ruzzell assumed leadership of our clan, she had retreated into herself. At first, I thought it was simply because she missed Victor. He was like a father to her, too. But now I knew there was another reason. Ruzzell.
Two years ago, after the death of Brucie’s sister Ling to a Mogul-spider bite, Gellica became the oldest girl in our clan. And she’d become a mother-figure to the younger guys. Even Ruzzell’s lackeys adored her.
This was probably another reason why Ruzzell’s ire was directed at Judd and me. There’s no question Ruzzell was attracted to Gellica, and her snub provoked his jealous fury, but it dawned on me that there might be more to it. Nadalie said Ruzzell spoke of being a king. While our small clan was a tiny little kingdom, Ruzzell was conniving and devious. And madcap. Since our entire world revolved around ten others, maybe he viewed it as some ‘grand domain’ to conquer and rule. Perhaps, trying to secure her loyalty would cement his power over us all. At least, in his warped mind. Even so, there was an itch inside my soul that I couldn’t scratch.
Is there more to this? Is he just seeking to dominate our little group? Or does he have his sights set on bigger gains?
Leaving check-in, we turned our attention to the festivities itself. Already, there was an atmosphere charged with celebration even though we knew the leadership group was hard at work. Just off-site, in private, the leaders were interviewing members of the northern clans.
The first clans had already finished their personal interviews and were now responsible for setting up the banquet area. Since we departed last, the southern clans would assist with clearing up. This happened every year. Everyone helped; everyone contributed. In this way, we would have a full two hours over midday where we could all eat together—during which time the Mzees could share the annual update. After lunch, the southern clans were interviewed.
Having reported me, Ruzzell and I would have to field a grievance interview before lunch. In front of a jury of two Mzees, Ruzzell would have five minutes to lay the charge. I would have five minutes to explain myself before judgment would be passed. It was quick, clinical and uncomplicated. The unanimous charge delivered by the clan made it simple.
Today, I would get my first dark points.

Chapter 12

Around forty minutes.
It was about forty minutes before the two-hour feast began. This year odd-numbered clans one through nineteen were responsible for the banquet. Last year, our clan (Number 2)—along with the even-numbered clans—set a new standard. Victor had made us spend every minute of the light hours of three days to prepare our contribution. And we had loved every single second of it.
Every year, the clans on roster went beyond the call of duty to make our annual celebration memorable. Being our tenth, this year was bound to be doubly special. It was the one collective highlight we shared. And because we no longer had Earth’s calendar, and no way of tracking our birthdays, this day was considered everyone’s birthday, too. While we didn’t swap birthday presents, that was discouraged, the effort put into the preparation of the food was a monumental demonstration of celebration and gratitude.
The clans not part of the set-up found spots around the open-grassed area in picnic-style, catching up with one another; for these few moments, forgetting all about the daily survival grind.
I wouldn’t get to enjoy these carefree moments this year. While there were several grievances lodged across the clans, as there always were, my alleged offense—assaulting a woman—was the worst case reported. My grievance interview was up first.
“Rist…” Judd’s voice cut through my headspace.
“Er … yep?”
“I’m sorry…” Shoulders slouched, Judd’s voice trailed off.
I rubbed the ridged scar on my cheek. “You don’t have to, Judd … it is, what it is.”
“It shouldn’t be.”
I shrugged and vainly searched for a smile. “Yep, well.”
A long silence enveloped us. In the last twenty-four hours, my view of Judd underwent a hundred-and-eighty-degree flip. His peacemaking efforts now looked like weak, mollifying attempts to avoid confrontation. Cowardly even. Had Ruzzell’s strutting exposed him: unmasked what I had previously assumed was maturity and strength? Or was I just overreacting? Projecting my growing dislike for Ruzzell onto him, unfairly expecting more from him than what was right?
Get over it! This is your best friend you’re ditching here.
“You still with me?”
“Whuh?” I felt my cheeks pink and I dropped my gaze to the ground, grateful that he couldn’t read my mind.
“I asked whether you’re ready for the interview?” Judd grimaced. “I mean, how you feeling?”
“Just want to get it over, really.” I felt numb about the interview, truth be told. “Listen, um ... you don’t have to keep me company.”
He rubbed his nose. “Yeah, I do...” His features tight and strained, the usual gleam on his open, clean face was now well and truly dulled by the crippling burden mounting on his shoulders. “I mean, I want to.”
Another prolonged pause followed as we both stared towards the mountains in the north.
“You can see them so clearly from here,” I broke the silence, happy to change the subject.
“Beautiful.”
“In a haunting way,” I added.
The four highest peaks, snow capped but for two moons in summer, looked like the ragged lower jaw of a planet-munching behemoth. In the dense jungle shrubbery in which our camp was tucked, our view of these mountainous tusks was obscured. Here at the Gathering Place—the hub of what little collective life the clans shared, the foliage more worn with the extra traffic traipsing through it—we had a postcard-perfect view.
“I wonder what’s out there.” Judd’s voice was laden with a moment of longing like a caged bird pining for the wide-open skies.
“One day perhaps.” I too felt overwhelmed by a sudden bout of wanderlust; a deep-seated desire to flee the trouble brewing no doubt spiked the yearning. “One day, we’ll get to explore them … and this god-awful planet.”
“Yeah,” Judd sighed heavily, “ten years is a long, long time … pinned back in survival, trapped along this narrow little stretch of the river.” There was a tang of resentment in his words—the bitterness of one broken, browbeaten. Suppressed.
“Maybe the Mzees will have some update on Operation: Future Forward, some news on forward progress?” I asked rhetorically, knowing Judd knew no more than I did.
“I’m not real hopeful to be honest. With Victor’s death and Dylain’s growing influence…” his jaw tightened as he shook his head with a hint of resignation, “…I think things have regressed.”
I felt my heart spasm at the mention of Dylain’s name, but I didn’t have the energy to ask Judd to amplify on his comment. There was every chance I’d face our youngest Mzee in my grievance interview. “Anyway, we can dream, can’t we?” I asked, trying to find a smile again to conceal my edginess.
“Yeah, that’s all we can do.” A bead of sweat rolled down from Judd’s troubled brow as he scuffed the bridge of his nose with the heel of his hand. “And even they can’t take that away from us.”

***

Standing before me were two Mzees, both of vastly contrasting age and experience. Scott Adam was the oldest among us, and had served as a Mzee since those first two moons after our arrival. Turning sixty today, he had a full head of grey hair, a thatch of salt-and-pepper whiskers, and wore deep lines in his forehead—even so; he was as hale and hearty as a man twenty years his junior. The daily fight for survival, and the clean air, ensured that if you avoided Eden’s perils and them; it was possible to live long and healthy. Though not probable.
Scott had buried his wife and lost both his daughters to them during our ten years on Eden. He was acquainted with deep sorrow and grief, but somehow walked free of the bitterness that hollowed so many others out. I would have parted with my jacket and knife to spend a full day with this dear man, to glean from his sage, fatherly wisdom and imbibe the strength and courage that were distilled in him.
In contrast, Dylain Rogers was the youngest Mzee, appointed at our last Gathering. Racking up his twenty-ninth birthday today, he was the youngest since we arrived, and his appointment reflected a stark reality: there was an increasing shortage of older, wise heads in our collective midst. And there was something about this man I didn’t trust.
I had watched him over the years—which wasn’t difficult to do; he somehow made himself the focal point of our celebrations each year. He had the gift of the gab, and was conspicuously at the centre of every testimony reported by his clan. Maybe I was jealous. To be honest though, I don’t know why I would be. I loathed everything about him.
I sensed an arrogance in the man. A stinking pile of hubris. He was cocky and cruel. Nadalie was good friends with one of the girls in his clan, Astrid. And the stories she relayed were disturbing. Nadalie had only confided in Gellica, Judd and me because, after Astrid’s traumatised unveiling at last year’s Gathering, she was distressed about her friend. And there was no reason to believe Astrid would cook up tales merely to attract attention—she’d sworn Nadalie to secrecy. And the only thing that had kept me from alerting Victor was the vow Nadalie made us take.
Dylain’s duplicitous heart was dark, and he harboured an incorrigible need for attention. I couldn’t help but suspect that he was harbouring some self-serving agenda. When he was announced as a Mzee last year, I was so sure I had caught a grimace flicker on Victor’s face. I wanted to talk to him about it. His death meant that the opportunity passed me by; along with so much else I wished I had asked him.
“What do you have to say for yourself?” Dylain’s question completely rattled me. So busy observing the two men in front of me, I had totally tuned out of Ruzzell’s allegations against me. Even though I knew what he was going to say, I should have listened.
“Yes … I accept the charges against me,” I said, hoping Ruzzell hadn’t added more than what I had anticipated him saying.
“Striking a woman is second only to murder itself,” Dylain reminded me as he rigorously gestured with his hands and a mean glower crawled onto his comely face. He was patently savouring my discomfort. “And carries a punishment of four—”
“Are you sure you don’t want to explain yourself?” asked Scott, taking a deep breath, his barrel-chest looked broader still. Even though his face radiated with displeasure, his warm, blue-grey eyes remained kind and gentle. His question notably unsettled Dylain who seemed ready to pass a swift judgment. I felt Ruzzell shift uneasily on his feet beside me.
I hated being the subject of Scott’s disappointment. It almost broke my will. However, if I told the truth now, I would call into question the integrity of every member of my clan. I couldn’t add more misery to them, especially Gellica. Yet looking into Scott’s wise, searching face, I wanted to tell him what really happened. I so wanted to assure him that I wasn’t capable of such a crime.
“No, Sir,” I stammered. “I mean; yes, Sir. I’m sure…”
“Scott, not Sir,” he said softly but clearly. “Ristan, you know we don’t use titles and honorifics here. Call me, Scott.” Again, Dylain looked uncomfortable, and Ruzzell’s shifting became more noticeable.
“Yes, Scott,” I shot quickly, not trusting myself to stay dishonest. I had never called him Sir before, and I knew it was so unnecessary, but my emotions and thoughts were a scrambled mess. “I-I-I accept the charges.”
“Are you guilty of striking a woman?” asked the discerning, older man.
“Sc-Scott,” I couldn’t breathe, “I accept the charges.”
“I heard you, Ristan. What I want to know from you, are you guilty of hitting Gellica?”
“Scott, I accept—”
“Ristan!” Scott’s admonishment cut through me. “Did you strike Gellica?”
I swallowed hard, terribly conflicted in my mind. “Y-y-yes,” I heard myself force out the word.
“At last!” Dylain jumped in quickly, clapping his hands together; his cold, cruel, green-brown eyes tearing strips off me. I thought Scott was going to say something, but Dylain just dominated what happened next.
Amid a flurry of Dylain’s hand gestures and his chop-chop decree, I was now the bearer of four dark points, and he reminded me that if I reached ten, I would be banished to the Forbidden Region forever. I was sure I saw a glint in his eyes, but maybe I imagined it.
He can’t be taking this much pleasure from this, can he?
He also reminded me of something I had forgotten. Anyone with four or more points could never be nominated for Huduma. I negotiated a sick, heavy feeling in the pit of my stomach, but didn’t know why. I would never qualify for leadership nomination anyway. Not everyone dreams of greatness, some dream of one more day. Some want to reach for the stars and thrive; I just wanted to reach tomorrow alive.
Then I saw it.
It was just a look, but it was like an icy knife through the heart.
And a wink that sent shivers down my spine.

Chapter 13

In the commotion of wrapping up the grievance interview, just as Ruzzell was about to depart, he had caught Dylain’s eye. For a split second, they traded a knowing look between them, and Dylain gave Ruzzell a subtle, sly wink.
Then it hit me like a slap through the kisser. They’re in on this … it … whatever this is … they’re in on it together! Was this a setup on a grander scale than I had at first thought? Was Ruzzell seeking a kingdom on a scale bigger than our little clan? Were they in cahoots? Wait a minute. Was Ruzzell’s agenda aligned with a plot Dylain had set in motion?
Snap out of it! You’re getting paranoid!
“Ristan, can I have a word in private?” Scott’s deep, gentle voice again brought me out of my own head. With Ruzzell already departed, Scott turned to Dylain. “You go ahead … I just need to give this young man some fatherly advice on how to treat women.”
Dylain smiled wryly; his square jaw tight and his wary eyes piercing, probing. “Okay, then. See you at the celebration.”
Once it was clear Dylain was gone, Scott sighed … a sigh so deep, I thought my defunct tear glands might crank into gear.
“I’m so sorry to disappoint you…” The words gushed out pre-empting the telling-off that was surely on its way. Still no tears. “I just—”
“Ristan,” he said my name so intensely, I shut up instantly. “I know you … your father was a dear, dear man…” Tears rolled freely down his weather-beaten cheeks, disappearing into his thick beard. “And I know you didn’t strike Gellica…”
Whuh?
I tried to say something, but nothing came out of my mouth this time.
“We’re in trouble, Ristan,” Scott’s eyes crinkled at the corners. “We asked Dylain to serve as a Mzee against Victor’s better judgment. We thought it was time to bring a younger man into the counsel, and had we overlooked Dylain, we thought we might incite a riot…”
I felt my feet shuffle unsure of where he was going with this.
“…there are so many strong, young leaders emerging; you, Juddro and Gellica in your clan alone … in time, the future is in your hands…”—he kneaded his brow with the back of his hand—“…we were so close to a breakthrough in our ability to defend ourselves … but with Victor’s death and … Dylain, well…”
I felt suddenly dizzy, my entire world rocked from side to side unsettlingly. I couldn’t process all he was saying. None of it made any sense. Of course, the behind-the-scenes politics were unknown to me.
“…Dylain is soliciting the loyalty of the twenty-something leaders and thugs like your Ruzzell and—” He caught his sentence mid-stride. “Darn it! I’ve told you too much. Forgive me.” Sighing again, almost painfully this time, he shook his head vehemently and scolded himself, muttering one of his proverbs under his breath: “When the beasts fight, the jungle gets trampled.”
In a short space of time, Scott suddenly looked like an old, old man. Uncharacteristically harassed and distressed. The lines on his face had become more pronounced. His proud, square shoulders slumped ever-so slightly, but in a tell-tale way. In this unscripted moment of vulnerability, the back-breaking weight he clearly carried seemed to overwhelm him. I couldn’t help myself. I threw my arms around the big man and hugged him hard.
And then he startled me.
He started sobbing—a deep, weary, guttural release. But my surprise gave way to a strange delight. I was glad to be a shoulder to cry on and in a selfish way; the hug was like therapy for me, too.
I miss you, Dad.
“What can I do?” I asked as I stepped back, not knowing what else to say. As soon as I said it, I realised how silly the offer was.
What can I do?
“Oh, Ristan,” he said in a whisper, trying to restrain another stream of emotion from breaking its banks, “you’re like the son I never had…”
I am?
“…I don’t know,” his left eyebrow crumpled down over his eye, “I just don’t know.”
He wiped his face, and I gave him space. Even though it was odd to see him cry, I didn’t feel awkward. Seeing this venerable man, a veritable rock of composure, so vulnerable didn’t unsettle me like I thought it might. In fact, it enlarged me. Called me to action.
“Ristan … you can’t say anything to anyone.”
“Of course!” I blurted out with too much intensity.
“I’ve told you too much. I’m sorry. It was highly inappropriate of me.”
Without thinking, words spilled out of me. “I want to help.”
“Yes,” he said, taking a weary breath, “but it’s not your fight, not yet anyway. I should not have said anything. I just wanted to reassure you: I know you didn’t do what Ruzzell charged you with.”
“Da … um, Scott,” I corrected myself, feeling my cheeks redden as I nearly called him Dad. “I won’t say a word. If I can do anything…”
“Thanks, son,” he said, looking me earnestly in the eye. I swallowed with difficulty, my throat throbbing with emotion. The term of endearment meant so much to me. “Ristan, I’m really sorry your clan betrayed you—”
“They didn’t,” I shot back in their defence with a little too much bite. “I’m sorry, I—”
“I know; I know,” Scott was quick to assure me that he understood. “Ruzzell’s a bully … it’s to your credit that you can forgive your clan and even now defend them.” He put a consoling hand on my shoulder. “Ristan, thank you.”
“For what, Scott?”
“For giving me hope. To see your resolve, your humility … it gives me hope that we … we have a chance yet. Come now; we must get back to the festivities,” his lips were a taut line. “Remember, when your punishment is made public after lunch: I know you didn’t do it.”
A sick feeling swept over me. I had forgotten about the public judgment and the shame associated with it, but the nausea I stomached was deeper than just the face I’d lose. It was the realisation that this was the last time I’d be alone with Scott. Until maybe next year; on the off-chance that he was drawn to do my interview. Or if Ruzzell brought another charge against me.
Actually, that’s a real possibility.

***

Amid a cloudless, pastel mauve sky, Eden’s spirited young sun strutted smugly to its summit overhead. Despite its swagger, showering the planet with its radiant violet, the sun’s rays were by no means uncomfortably hot. Instead, its warm kiss served only to ensure us that the stalking chill of winter was now a mere distant memory. As my eyes danced over the smiling, laughing, eating huddles dotted all over the open gathering area, most of the beaming faces were unconsciously tilted heavenwards like a field of flowers responding to the sun’s charm. It was a beautiful day, one tailor-made for celebration.
I couldn’t celebrate, however.
For all the amazing food presented in a self-help buffet, beautifully arranged on a number of tables in the centre of the field, I wasn’t hungry at all.
I was again lost in my head, unable to get the picture of a broken and despairing Scott out of my mind. My thoughts ran wild, imagining what connection could exist between Dylain and Ruzzell; a whirligig of suspicion and speculation. How could Dylain even be in contact with Ruzzell, let alone in league? We hadn’t seen Dylain since last year, when he was announced as a Mzee during the midday session.
My mind huffed and puffed. Since our interviews took place in the afternoon, could Ruzzell have been interviewed by Dylain? Yes, that’s probably it. Serving on Huduma for several years now, perhaps Dylain recruited followers during last year’s personal interview sessions. The matchups were drawn from a bowl to ensure unscripted connections, to prevent favouritism. Did Dylain somehow rig the interview process? And if so, why? What was he trying to achieve?
Geez! Listen to yourself, you’re delusional!
“Rist … Ristan!”
“Yes, what?” I looked up, someone had called for me.
I’ve got to get out of my head!
“Rist … over here!” It was Nadalie, sitting on the grass with a wooden bowl piled with food. And next to her sat Gellica. “Where’s your plate? Get some food … come and join us.”
I had totally forgotten my encounter with Nadalie on the trot here. This was all too much. Hey, I’m just a simple, uncomplicated guy! Actually, a big baby who misses his father. I found myself walking towards the two girls. Involuntarily. On automatic pilot.
“Aren’t you hungry?” asked Gellica, looking frayed and tired, and on edge as I sat down.
I was certainly teetering—trying hard to control the anxious tremble I felt start in my toes and work its way up my legs. Being close to her now seemed to bring the weight of my impending judgment to the fore. My chest in a vice, I felt short of breath. “No, not really.”
Wouldn’t keep it down actually.
“Not hungry!” choked Nadalie. “Are you okay? It’s you know ... today!”
“Yep,” I said. “Happy birthday to you both … and happy anniversary to us all!” I think I managed to keep the sarcasm under control.
“To you, too. Cheers!” said Nadalie as she tilted her head to one side, like she was trying to tell me something.
That’s an odd look?
“We’re all a year older. Yay,” said Gellica in a flat, indifferent tone.
“Gellica,” I said, “I do remember for you today.” She knew I referred to her parents’ death on this day six years earlier; the phrase ‘remember for you’ standard lingo among us. Enough to convey sympathies; not too much to rehearse details.
“Thank you, Rist,” she smiled bravely, her brown eyes looked golden in the sunlight. My heart skipped a beat. “And you, are you okay?” she asked pointedly.
“About?” I was momentarily distracted, lost in her presence; in the corner of my eye, Nadalie tipped her head again, giving me that peculiar squint.
“The grievance inter...” she bit her lip, “...um, how did the interview—?” Gellica suddenly burst into tears and cupped her face in her hands. “I’m so, so sorry … I can’t believe I lied about you…”
Startled by her raw emotion, I was not sure what to do. My jaw flapped open and closed uselessly. Nadalie immediately flung her arms around her friend. She too started crying.
Oh, geez!
“No, please,” I squeezed out the words, “don’t apologise … you did nothing wrong … neither of you.” It was too much; my heart leapt into my mouth. With my thoughts in a tangled knot, I stood up and walked away.
“Rist, stay please,” I heard Gellica’s voice behind me, but I kept walking. In about twenty minutes, the Mzees would give their state-of-the-year address, ending with the judgments, punctuated by my purported indiscretion. It wouldn’t be appropriate for me to be sitting next to the woman I supposedly struck. At least, that’s what I told myself to keep from turning back.
Man! I forgot…
I kicked myself for not returning Gellica’s pendant. It totally slipped my cluttered brain.
Nadalie’s oddball look! She must think I’m such a tree stump.
I wanted to cave into a colossal mope, a pity-party to which no one else was invited. I never usually had the time for such indulgences. But this was turning out to be a lousy anniversary and a miserable eighteenth birthday.


Chapter 14

“And now we come to the penultimate part of our address, the unfortunate but necessary judgments,” said a slick-as-usual Dylain with his hands splayed dramatically, his voice carrying easily over the gathered audience. He played the emcee on our anniversary day, and had introduced the Mzees, those designated to deliver various segments of the state-of-the-year address.
The banqueting tables had been removed from the centre of the field, and we sat informally on the ground scattered around the open, circular area roughly the size of an athletics track. We sat where we had eaten; typically not in our clans, encouraged as we were to mingle with those from other clans—something that we were all eager to do. Of course, on this day, I was anything but eager.
Although positioned up front, the Mzees were also seated on the floor, relaxed and approachable. Anyone addressing the crowd—usually one of the Mzees—would stand upfront, visible to all. The acoustics were fantastic; the dense jungle that surrounded the area blocked out the wind, helping to amplify the speaker’s voice.
Before lunchtime itself, some of the younger leaders were charged with scouting around the surrounding area, making sure there was no trace of predators, even though the Raptor, Wolf and Serpent were not inclined to attack such large crowds of people. And even a Sabre would need to be gravely desperate before doing so. (And just in case, each clan was designated a climbable tree on the periphery of the gathering site.)
The state-of-the-year address followed a set pattern. Matthew Hudson, the second oldest Mzee, kicked off proceedings, giving an update on our population statistics. Twenty-three deaths this past year. Down on last year’s figures, but with no babies born, our population total was down to three hundred and forty-four.
Not good; not good at all.
He had tried his best to cast the most positive light possible on the lower death toll, but when he read aloud our current population number, groans and sighs burst out from among the listening audience like a flu-riddled choir horribly out of tune. And although he didn’t say it, we knew that a large percentage of the dead were women. Many, of course, were taken by our inscrutable adversary, and we assumed those taken were killed. We didn’t want to imagine anything else.
When an older woman named Lily broke down in an agonising, distraught howl, and I couldn’t see her daughter anywhere, I knew she’d suffered an inconsolable loss this past year. Losing a loved one, knowing how they died, was one kind of debilitating grief to bear. Losing a loved one, not knowing what kind of death they were subjected to, was another kind of misery altogether. One of the Mzees, Deborah Jordan, rose to comfort her, and a long silence hung over us as we mourned those dead.
I hate them.
Sarah Evelyn, the only person along with Scott to serve as a Mzee since its inception, was next to speak. Respecting the mood, but tactfully lifting the gloom, she ran through several testimonies reported by the clans, and of course, there was the annual hero-story featuring the one and only Dylain “Buck” Rogers. I nearly threw up when he did a back flip and twirl to an audience desperate for good news and any morsel of hope.
He just sticks in my craw, he does.
I did notice that most of the Mzees dropped their heads at his little show, and Sarah astutely steered the spotlight off him to hail the true acts of courage in our ranks.
Sarah was like a mother to us, and her dignity and class made Dylain’s antics seem even more deplorable. I admired this short, thin woman with skin so dark that the whites of her eyes looked like pearls and her teeth like ivory. Although just a few autumn leaves over five feet, there was nothing frail or flimsy about her. Her steady, dark eyes spoke of wisdom, and her gentle, kind face projected a sense of assurance and comfort.
After Sarah finished, the meeting moved on to some announcements delivered by Dylain himself concerning findings from the Mzees. It primarily had to do with new food sources and a warning about a nascent, poisonous weed that was becoming more prominent along the river’s banks.
In conjunction with his self-confidence and crystal-clear commanding voice, Dylain communicated with his hands. Excessively so. To me, it seemed that the profuse gestures were part of the act, as if he was using ‘sleight of hand’ to distract his audience from who he was. What he was.
Again, I should have listened more carefully. However, with Dylain’s showboating, I guess I just switched off somewhere between him saying, “How white are my teeth, eh?” and something about a new fashion trend for the year to come. I know he was trying to be playful and amusing, and I suppose we could all do with a bit more mirth in our lives. And maybe me more than most.
Yes, I’m looking at you, Ristan!
I had at one point considered that my accumulated wariness of the man was bordering on obsessive craziness, but my suspicions of him, confirmed first by Victor’s disapproving body language and now by the one man I would trust with my life, meant I didn’t see the funny side of anything he said, nor could I take the cocksure sound of his voice much longer.
He did, however, have my full attention when he handed over to Scott for the judgments. My heartbeat immediately sped up with the fresh injection of adrenalin.
Every year, Scott read out the punishments; I assumed he asked to do it. No one could communicate the dire consequences of an offender’s actions with such compassion and grace better than he could. He was a father-figure to us all.
I was so grateful it was him. I had been concerned about how I would react … to the verdict, and the inevitable abuse I’d receive from everyone present. Before he assured me earlier that he knew I was innocent, I had forgotten that the judgment would be proclaimed through his lips. Now I knew I could handle what was to come. Even so, it wasn’t going to be a cake-walk, and my blood felt like sludge in my veins.
Scott cleared his throat, and his eyes trawled across the jittery and jumpy audience—the judgments always brought the festivities to a grinding halt. “To exist as a healthy family,” he began, “we accept that consequences are critical, and we trust, curative for those who hurt our family deliberately or negligently. We assign penalty points based on the severity of the offence, but do so with grief in our hearts, hoping those who transgress will reform and turn from their wrongdoings.”
The crowd was poignantly silent, even though they had heard several versions of this speech. The respect they had for Scott, and the seriousness of the penalties, meant you could have heard a butterfly flap its wings during a hailstorm.
“An accumulation of ten penalty points means banishment,” Scott continued with a heavy heart, “something we’ve only had to do twice since we initiated this practice. As agonizing as it was on both occasions, I would have taken Williyum’s place … or Axlor’s place … if I could have—but such a verdict is necessary to maintain a sense of harmony and order among us.”
I remember both those occasions as if they’d happened yesterday. They were deeply grafted into my mind. Permanently so. And in both incidents, Scott did actually beg the Mzees if he could take the offender’s place. Correctly so, his request was denied. His specific reference to Williyum and Axlor each year personalised this communal experience, and never allowed us to see it as merely a clinical exercise. My heart hammered against my ribcage every year; this time, I thought it might tear my chest open.
“Forgive me for repeating what you all know so well. We must restate the major offences, so there is no misunderstanding. Murder is eight points and includes solitary confinement for six months. Attempted murder is six points with three months in solitary, and striking a woman is four points, stealing three points. Persistent defiance of your clan’s collective decisions, two points. For minor offences, one point. Remember…”
Scott inhaled deeply, and remained silent for an unusually long, awkward period. Holding my breath with three-hundred-and-forty-two others, I didn’t know what he was doing.
“Sorry,” he said, his voice thick with emotion. “Remember, anyone with four or more penalty points cannot be nominated to serve on Huduma.” I recalled his bizarre statement to me in private. The one in which he used leadership and me in the same breath. Now I was possibly the only one among the audience of three hundred and forty-two who knew why he had struggled to get those words out.
“Unfortunately, we have two people who have committed major offences this year, and seven who have committed minor offences. As usual, I’ll simply read out the names of those who have committed minor offences … the clans themselves will know the specific nature of the transgressions involved…”
I started to tremble again as my stomach did a violent flip-flop. My ears mute to the names he spoke aloud; I braced myself for my moment in the dock.
Scott again coughed to clear his throat. He always struggled through this, but the unease around the crowd seemed to suggest that everyone realised it was even more difficult for him than usual. “This year … we have two family members who have committed major offences … first, for stealing … Ricardaz Walton receives three penalty points—”
A rain of boos descended upon a young fifteen-year-old kid from one of the tribes up north. Ashamed, he buried his head into his arms and wept openly. His remorse was genuine as the communal consequences achieved their intended result.
“And s-s-second,” said Scott as the crowd grew unsettlingly silent, not so much because Scott started speaking again, but because it was clear that he was fighting back tears. His whole body began to heave as he desperately tried to continue.
Dylain ran to the front, and seemed to indicate that he would continue. My heart nearly stopped, and my innards just about liquefied.
Please, no!
Dylain’s gesture served only to spur Scott into action. Composing himself, he put an arm across Dylain’s chest in a clear motion that said, “This is my call.” Dylain got the message and stepped back reluctantly.
“Second, for striking a … a woman … according to what his clan claims,” Scott added those six words at the last minute, “Ristan Abel receives four—”
I lost his voice in the barrage of jeers and abuse heaped my way. I hardly noticed, even when a piece of fruit was hurled at me, slapping me on the shoulder. And I didn’t care much for the one who launched the projectile either: Cainn Bracken. A hideous excuse for a human being and a member of Dylain’s clan, Cainn was an idiot and a thug anyway. What gripped my attention was the furious scowl on Dylain’s face. Those six added words—“according to what his clan claims”—had clearly upset him. In front of a perplexed audience, he questioned Scott and then turned to the Mzees in a demonstrative appeal to them … exactly what he was asking for, I could only guess.
I looked over at Scott and realised his eyes were set directly on me. Like a guided beam of assurance, his gaze strengthened my soul even as the heckling around me continued.
Then the most remarkable thing happened.
Gellica stood up among the seated audience, some twenty strides away from me, and turned in my direction. Slowly and deliberately, she put both hands on her heart and then blew a kiss to me.
I inhaled so fast the air singed my lungs.
What?! Oh, my gag!
Abruptly, almost magically, the jeering stopped as the confusion set in.
“Isn’t that Gels, the girl he hit?” I heard someone near me ask a friend. Ruzzell must have ensured the rumour machine was well oiled.
“If she’s trying to be sarcastic,” said another, “then it ain’t working.”
“Maybe she enjoys a good smack,” sneered a raspy voice before cackling with laughter. “You know what they say about a chick that tries too hard to please.” I felt my hands curl into fists and my body lurch instinctively towards the sound of his voice, but when it dawned on me that it was Cainn, I knew I’d be wasting my time. You can’t beat the rot out of a rotten core. I exhaled and felt the tension leave my hands.
As brave Gellica sat down, I saw an animated, red-faced Dylain, arms flailing ridiculously, kicking up a scene with the Mzees in front of a crowd that was both baffled and agitated. Sarah seemed to give him a stern telling off before pulling Scott aside for a few words.
After a moment of stilted disquiet, Scott stood tall and cleared his throat. Slowly calm descended on the crowd.
“I apologise for the additional words that you are all no doubt aware I used. I’ve been doing this for many years, and it is … trust me … not easy. Forgive my slip of tongue. Dylain has pointed out the breach, and the Mzees will take it into account. I realise I may have lost the privilege of doing this part of the address next—”
The crowd booed quietly and appropriately, expressing their wish that Scott continue with his specific role in the future. “We love you, Daddy,” someone shouted from the audience.
“Thank you,” Scott waved the crowd quiet, his face still sober and serious. “I make myself accountable to the counsel of the Mzees, and their decision is final.”
I sat amazed, my internal organs slowly reassembling themselves. I was utterly gobsmacked at how he and Gellica had taken the attention off me … and how Scott now, penitent beyond the call of duty, stepped into the breach and took the heat off both of us. Me, the object of the crowd’s vitriol. And brave, brave Gellica … subjecting herself to the audience’s suspicions … both delivered by Scott’s selfless act. He took a huge risk, potentially using up his line of popularity credit with the crowd and his goodwill with his fellow Mzees.
How can I repay your kindness?
Even as the thought passed through my mind, I knew Scott would balk at any notion that I owed him something.


Chapter 15

The rest of the day whizzed by in a blur.
After the nominations were announced, to conclude the state-of-the-year address, new leaders were appointed. Yes, Ruzzell was among them, not merely nominated, but selected into the Huduma group. Something about—how did Dylain spin it?—“the pressing days in which we live,” and how important new blood in the leadership core was to our future plans. Again, the actual reality was lost in a whirlwind of words and in a theatrical display of hand gestures. Blah, blah, blah. By now, I wasn’t surprised.
Once the show was over, I was the first one from my clan called in for the regular after-lunch interviews. This was done on purpose to ensure that I wasn’t subjected to any follow-up verbal or physical abuse from the crowd. It had never happened before, but wisely, the Mzees never allowed those sorts of situations to arise.
I do remember that my interviewer, a middle-aged man named Mark Johnson, attempted to keep me engaged for as long as permitted, but I cannot recall what I was asked or what I answered. Mentally drained, my mind was like a sieve, but it was probably all random stuff anyway. A good man and a master bow-and-arrow maker, Mark sat slouched in his usual laid-back manner. With his large paws interlaced on his ample belly, and without a hint of judgment in his eyes, he didn’t pry into what I’d been charged with—that was done and dusted. And to be honest, I didn’t have anything remarkable to share either. Other than the clan-in-crisis debacle, which I kept mum about. When he finished my interview, he tightened his wild, bushy ponytail behind his head and croaked in his deep-throated Donunder drawl: “Chin up, Ristan. She’ll be right, mate.”
Afterwards, I helped my clan with the clear-up, assigned to work alongside Judd. The two of us were given a task separate from the rest and away from the milling crowds, with many of the northern clans saying final farewells before their departure. Again, my assignment with Judd, out of the public eye, was a calculated move on the part of the Mzees. Likewise, I saw Ricardaz Walton, charged with stealing, given a secure passage to a senior member of his clan for safekeeping.
The next mindful moment I had was the soft chopping of the river against the raft as it ploughed through the water. We were on our way back to camp carried along by the brisk river current. Having climbed to its zenith, the sun was now beginning to slide quickly to its slumber. And the frenetic activity of the day was behind us at last. In contrast, the thick jungle looming on either flank of the river seemed unusually quiet. Pensive even. Then again, the late afternoon was always the lull before darkness ushered in the unnerving nighttime racket of jungle blood sport.
I had not seen Scott again, which he had ensured—once more, the wise course of action. Everything in me ached to thank him in person. However, had we been seen talking together, by the wrong eyes, it would have been like an open artery to the Wolves.
Happy days!
Revelling in his appointment, Ruzzell ordered Gellica to sit between Shawz and himself in the front of the raft for the trip back. I couldn’t help but think it was designed to either provoke me or punish her, given her bold display earlier. That she meekly complied robbed Ruzzell of whatever malice he intended. Beauty, courage and smarts, too. I had of course taken up my usual place at the stern where I could help Judd steer the raft. It would be a reasonably quick excursion home, and I couldn’t wait to speak to Gellica.
I wanted to thank her for her courage; we’d not had a single private moment since her brave act, and I was near bursting to express my gratitude to someone! More than that, I just wanted to talk to her. Heart to heart. Trying hard not to connect too many dots, I accepted that her gift to me, her mother’s pendant, was more than merely a way of paying off her own guilt. I was convinced she had real feelings for me. And in a moment of blissful anxiety, I realised the strength of my feelings for her.
Maybe I’m wrong, but I need to know how she feels.
“Ristan,” Judd’s low voice interrupted the conversation I was having in my own head, breaking through my reverie. We had said very little to each other during clear-up. Although I sensed that he had a lot he wanted to get off his chest; with heavily-sagged shoulders and eyebrows that were pinched tightly together, I guess he struggled to muster the nerve to do so.
“Yes.” I shook my head clear, and tried to give him my full attention.
“I’m so sorry…” he whispered; his eyes narrowed and his lips mashed together. No one else could hear us. Some were resting their eyes; others gazed absentmindedly at the wall of impenetrable bush and foliage flanking either side of us. Sailing down this fairly fast-flowing river was probably the safest place in all of Eden. Relatively speaking. As for me, I kept Gellica in view, out of the corner of my eye. All the time.
“It’s okay,” I said.
“No, I’m truly truly sorry…”
I felt a half-smile creep onto my face. “I truly truly accept your apology.”
“I’m a coward,” Judd lambasted himself.
“No, I suggested you all backup Ruzzell’s story.”
“Only for our sake you did … you copped it for us all.”
“Yep, well,” I said, uncomfortable with the conversation, “now what? Lord Muck over there has got his wish.”
“From now on,” Judd’s fists clenched involuntarily at his sides, the stress wearing on his good-looking face, “no more Mr. Nice Guy.”
I felt uneasy with the flicker of intent in his eyes. “What do you mean?”
His facial furniture rearranged into a glower. “I’ve been a coward for too long.”
“No need to do something stupid now,” I said swallowing a sour smirk at my own low-ebb credibility; I wasn’t exactly exempt from a regular brain fart either.
“Agreed, but if we don’t stand up against him together, the bullying will never end. You’ve held your ground; I need to hold mine.” He put his hand on my shoulder. For just a moment and then quickly took it off. Even so, we both felt awkward. It’s a guy-thing. Planet Earth was burnt to a crisp and here we were fighting for our lives in a distant galaxy, yet we were men ... and men stay the same.
However, in that brief interaction, I felt we bonded together in a way we had not done before. Judd was a good man, a close friend. We had so much in common. Both overly responsible, almost dutiful. The Plague took his mother and mine. And we both lost our fathers on the same day. In the same horror incident. Our heartfelt moment now sealed our friendship even deeper.
“Things didn’t look good today, did they?” Judd continued.
I played dumb. “What do you mean?”
“I’ve never seen the Mzees so unsettled … and Dylain’s influence seems stronger than ever. Plus, no news … nothing about Future Forward. Are we any closer to defending ourselves? Or planning a strategic attack against them? We’re stuck in perpetual pause. Another year of survival mode as our numbers dwindle...”
There was so much I wanted to tell him. My suspicions about Dylain and Ruzzell … especially what happened between Scott and me. Of course, I won’t. And how I felt about Gellica.
Maybe about this … yes, when the time is right, I will tell him this.
Almost reading my mind, Judd asked: “Sorry, buddy; listen to me moan … how did the grievance interview go? Couldn’t have been fun, hey?”
“Um … yep. Awful. It was as bad as it sounds,” I said emphatically, hoping he wouldn’t ask anymore about it.
“And how brave was Gels?” Judd sighed.
“Wow, she was something else.”
“Do you remember the day she saved Brucie?” Judd asked, although I wasn’t sure he actually posed a question. His warm eyes roamed the sky, and he took a deep breath. A smile engulfed his face; his mind obviously caught up in the unforgettable memory.
I answered anyway. “Of course. The day she became a legend.”
It was shortly after Ling, Brucie’s sister, died. Grieving for her, he sought solace in Gellica’s company. One morning, when Brucie accompanied her and Nadalie to forage for nuts and berries, a ragged, male Wolf caught their scent. Aged and evidently expelled from its pack to fend for itself, it had wandered into the jungle in search of easy prey. Ravenous, mangy and demented, the Wolf attacked within seconds of tracking them down.
Gellica and Nadalie clambered clear of the danger by scaling the nearest tree. Their flight attracted the beast’s attention, and he tried to pursue them, snapping at their heels with his massive jaws and long canines. They both scrambled to safety in the tree’s high boughs, even though Gellica was confronted with the tormenting recollection of her parents’ gory death.
Only when the frustrated Wolf stopped its vain attempt to hook them from the tree did Gellica realise that Brucie was still frozen to his spot on the ground. Paralysed with fear, he had wet himself. And when the old, starved Wolf turned his attention to Brucie, Gellica somehow found the fortitude to overcome her own harrowing terror.
She had micro seconds to act. And did.
Before the Wolf pounced on Brucie and tore him to shreds, Gellica drew out her twenty-centimetre knife from its sheath on her hip and dropped onto the neck of the grisly beast with her full weight behind the blade. Piercing the creature’s brain, she killed it instantly, suffering a sprained wrist in the process. While there was a huge slice of fortune involved, it was the most courageous thing we had ever heard of, trumping even the bravery of my father and Judd’s old man.
While Nadalie eagerly told the clan of her heroics, Gellica didn’t want anyone else to know. Despite his preference for not sharing testimonies publicly beyond our clan, Victor thought this was an exception worth making. Still, Gellica refused. She said she didn’t want any attention, and confided in Nadalie, Judd and me—after we would not let the issue go—that she was most concerned for Brucie. That he’d come out looking weak if people hailed her actions. Besides the selfless act itself, her concern for Brucie’s well-being defined the person Gellica was.
Judd sighed wistfully, bringing me back to the here and now. “She is something else, isn’t she?”
I couldn’t help my eyes return to where she was, trapped between Ruzzell and Shawz, and I knew Judd was gazing at her, too.
Then he said the worst thing I heard all day.
Words that drove a stake straight through my heart.
Enough to deflate the last bit of good feeling I had left.
“Rist…” he said, his voice low and loaded with emotion.
“Yes?”
Judd stroked the end of his nose and puffed his cheeks. “I love her, Rist. I think Gels is the one.”


Chapter 16

We arrived back at camp with about half an hour left before the last of the day’s light would surrender to the onslaught of darkness. Judd and I still had to light the perimeter fires and stoke the embers of the main fire back into life, too.
I was numb, completely hollowed out by Judd’s confession of love for Gellica. Stumbling about on autopilot, I just went through the motions without saying a word to anyone. My brain felt like porridge, and a thickness plugged up my throat. Before he dropped his bomb, my plans were to return Gellica’s pendant, thank her for her daring show of support, and ask her to carve out some time with me the next day. To talk.
Now, what do I do?
A dear friend, probably my best friend on this terrible planet, had just laid claim to the one person who I had feelings for—awakened emotions I thought were long dead, but that I had only in the last few hours fully come to terms with. And when he told me of his love for her, had I come clean, had I shared my honest feelings with him, too? Did I use the only appropriate moment I had to confess? No, I had muttered something like, “Good for you.”
Good for you?! I’m such a Hog’s backside! No, I’m the dingleberry on a Hog’s backside!
How could I now go back to him with the truth?
Just forty-eight hours ago, I was a simple, straightforward person. I lived on this nightmare planet where, in every ghastly second of every dreadful minute of every gruesome day of every awful moon, we were confronted with life-and-death struggles. Where we harnessed every thought and sense and bead of sweat in the sole aim of staying alive. And in less than two days, I had turned into a complete rockhead! A rockhead with four dark points! Six more and I would be banished … forever!
I had an insane, sadistic bully for a clan leader, a conniving, power-hungry Mzee after my blood … and I had my knickers in a knot over a girl. A girl whom I had quite possibly been in love with for about five hundred years, even though I was too stupid to notice … a girl whom my best friend loved.
And to crown off a real stinker of a day, it dawned on me that I lived perpetually in my own head; I talked way too much to myself! And if, as they say, talking to yourself was the first sign of mental health issues, they’d probably turf you into the loony-cave if you started arguing with yourself.
And I’m losing this argument with myself!
Needless to say, I didn’t have any nightmares that night. If you don’t sleep, you can’t dream.

***

Without a wink of sleep, not even a snooze or a catnap to speak of, I was on the ground first again, as I was most mornings. This time, however, I committed a cardinal sin. I left the camp well before sunrise; yes, while it was still dark. Alone. I had never seen Eden’s sunrise—we always kept concealed in our thick treetop cover until the sun stood tall and proud in Eden’s sky.
Before first light, I sauntered through the dark jungle almost daring them or some other wild creature to end my sorry little life. I was soul-tired, not just deprived of sleep … the worst kind of denial: hope-starved. Still, I was lucky to find a sublime spot along the susurrant river, about eighty strides outside the border of our camp, with a clear line of sight to the horizon, and sat down to watch the most beautiful panorama I had ever witnessed.
I had seen the sun rise on Earth a few times as a youngster, but I had to observe it through the high-powered sunshield that covered our city Haven—one of the only two land-based cities left on the planet. The perpetual smog cloud over Earth, in its last few years, was punctured by an intensity of sunlight that would scorch the naked eye. (Besides the swelling oceans, another reason the Japanese rebuilt their entire country underwater.) With our once-protective ozone layer ruined; it was no longer able to deflect the raw power of an inflamed sun.
In contrast, the magnificent, magical … majestic spectacle that splayed out before me brought immediate heat to my blood-shot eyes. The murmuring river seemed to entreat the sun from its slumber, wooing it into the dawn sky with whispered promises of new mercies and fresh beginnings. Even the jungle appeared to pause in this glorious instant; an unspoken ceasefire called, in which every carnivore sheathed its instinct to kill, allowing every herbivore to shelve its impulse to hide. Both stood still and marvelled. In this mystical moment, as the first rays kissed the new day, and unspeakable darkness gave way to indescribable light; in this heavenly hush, as the sunlight danced and shimmered on the river’s surface, reflecting a breathtaking scope of colour that bounced off the jungle flora; all of Eden held its breath.
It was all too much for me. Too much for one who had spent a decade staving off the last hours of darkness, hiding in my perch in the tree; waiting for the sun to sluggishly pull itself up high above the horizon before I’d dare venture into the day. Overwhelmed, ten years of pent-up emotion broke.
Yes, for the first time since my father died, tears flowed down my cheeks. At first, I wasn’t even sure what was happening. When a virgin, salty teardrop burst into my mouth, the taste was so weirdly wonderful, I couldn’t help but gasp.
When I realised I was weeping, I exploded into laughter; a profound, satisfying laugh from somewhere deep, deep inside. I couldn’t remember laughing this freely before, ever. My laughter caused more tears to erupt, and the flow of more tears sparked more laughter. Goose bumps rippled across my arms, and pins and needles sizzled up and down my spine. It was quite possibly the best moment of my life.
It only took about ten minutes for the dawn to chase away the dark, the pitch-blackness giving way to a deep red which became a warm magenta that gradually melted into an inspiring, inexpressible electric violet. Wow! Just holy wow! I didn’t have words to limn the range of shades in between.
What’s more, the illuminating sunlight brought the jungle to life in a way that seemed to defang and declaw its terrifying menace and raw ferocity. To cap the moment, a Rainbowfly adorned with more colours than I could count—except yellow and orange, which were conspicuously absent in Zika’s colour range—alighted on my outstretched hand that spontaneously rose to meet it. Harmless and very much like the butterflies I read about on Earth, only larger, it gifted me its presence for about thirty seconds, delicate antennas twitching, flimsy wings fluttering, before it took to flight again.
The entire milieu was otherworldly; a sensory overload which elicited more happy-tears from my once defunct tear glands. The lines from my Dad’s song became real in a way that it could never have before.

When you bundle through a squall
Keep your head on high
Don’t be scared of the dark
For when the storm ends
You’ll find a golden sky
The sweet sound of a lark
…
Walk on then, keep hope in your heart
For you’ll ne’er be alone
No, you will ne’er walk alone

A golden sky. Not quite golden, but spectacularly royal all the same.
Why haven’t I seen this before?
I knew the answer. Only a crazy person would dare the dark hours. Only a mad man would meddle with odds so insanely stacked against him. However, the rewards were beyond words. The beauty, the magic, the absolute wonder of those ten minutes had given me the one thing I had lost. Besides the gift of tears, and the present of laughter, I had a renewed sense of hope. Dawn hope! There was soulful beauty on this cruel, savage world after all. I was alive, and there was hope.
There is always hope.
In the marvellous clarity of dawn’s bounty, I let any feelings for Gellica go, to flutter away like the Rainbowfly had earlier. Judd and Gellica would be good for each other. Anyway, I was so young, too young to begin to understand the complexities and intricacies of love. I knew my role in life and was happy with my lot. A new resolve took hold of me, and I felt at peace. Overwhelming peace.
In a jumbled instant, a rapturous muddle of past memories, I felt transported back in time.
A warm fireplace. A modest but comfy couch.
Three of us, together.
A delicious smell wafting in from the kitchen. A roast.
His strong hands hold me. Dad. Her soft hands tickle my back. Mum.
Happy. Unbridled happiness.
Peace, irresistible peace.
When was it? How old was I? Four, five?
Gone. The memory disappeared as quickly as it had come despite my desperate attempts to hold on to it. I then tried to retrieve the image. Nothing … just the prevailing sense of soul-soothing peace. Eyes closed; I soaked it in. Hoping the picture would return, not overly disappointed when it didn’t. Satisfied with a blessed connection to another time. My first happy Earth-memory, brief but tangible. I almost felt her soft hands. Nearly saw her face.
Surely, more such memories will come.
Deeply refreshed, revitalized, invigorated; I headed back to camp to wash-up amid the early-morning jungle racket led by the Dawn Bugs at their trilling best. I was grateful that I was the first one awake and that no one saw me walk in from outside the camp. I didn’t want to have to explain my reckless actions.
I didn’t say a word during washing time, but I couldn’t cloak the deeply contented feeling in my heart. In vain, I tried to hide the broad smile splashed across my face. That everyone in my clan cut me a quizzical look that asked, “What’s crawled into your ear and chewed on the grey matter?” meant I knew I was doing a miserable job at looking miserable.
The day after the Gathering of the Clans was the worst day of the year … even worse than the coldest day in winter, or the most sultry day in summer. After the excitement and elation in the build up to our annual celebration, and the jubilation and euphoria of the day itself, we all came crashing down on the day after. Celebration blues. The new day to a new year meant one thing: another three hundred and fifty days of stress, and struggle, and strain. Survival 101. Again.
The judgment I received should have made me the most depressed of the lot. No one plucked up the courage to ask why I had an asininely large grin plastered on my face. Perhaps they thought I had finally lost my mind. To be honest, by the end of yesterday, so did I.
Still hanging low in the morning sky, the sun lazily peered down on us, its warm rays of light chasing the last cool shadows away. A waning tendril of smoke snaked into the air from the main fire before vanishing in an ever-so-slight breeze. It was a stunning morning, and I was feeling chipper.
 “Assemble!” was the first word I heard that morning as Ruzzell summoned us to Base Stump. He too looked downcast. The exhilaration of his appointment, flaunted brazenly on our return, also gave way to the reality of our predicament.
“Right,” he mumbled, “we ate so well yesterday, and brought so many nuts and berries home with us, I say we take the day off … we’ll pick up our work routines tomorrow.”
Everyone nodded. This was his first decision everyone seemed agreeable to.
“I’ll go hunt,” I said. “I don’t want a day off.” I wondered whether Ruzzell would continue to deny me access to my bow. It was still in Shawz’s possession, even as Ruzzell kept hold of his.
“Fine,” he replied wearily. “Who wants to join our resident villain?”
“Yeah, I’ll go,” said Dixan; his eyes alight, answering the bow dilemma.
“Great,” Ruzzell’s tone was impassive as he stifled a yawn. “Have fun … you have a bow between you. The rest of you … whatever … do what you want.” Ruzzell dismissed us with a wave of his hand, the gloom on his face matching the mood in the camp.


Chapter 17

Though I was keen to get out of camp, I asked Dixan to fetch his bow and give me a few minutes as everyone dispersed.
“Gellica? Can I have a word with you?” I asked before she headed off.
“Yes, of course,” she said, touching her hand to my shoulder for just a second. I felt tingly warm all over, and felt my face flush.
Did her eyes brighten up?
“Gellica, I don’t know how to thank you—”
“No, thank you. I’m just glad yesterday is behind us.” A strand of her hair fell across her face; I resisted a compelling urge to tuck it behind her ear.
“Listen, Gellica … um, this is yours.” I put out my hand.
She looked confused for an instant, before opening her hand in response. I placed her mother’s pendant carefully in her palm. “It’s a thank you gift I can’t accept … and don’t deserve.”
“Rist,” she bit her lip. “It’s more than a thank you; it’s a—”
“Gellica, I … er … I can’t take it,” I said, closing her hand over the pendant. The feel of her hand was electrifying. Compared to my hard, calloused hands, hers were soft yet firm. I tried letting go, but she held on to mine.
“Rist … I … I...” She looked beautiful, strong and vulnerable at the same time. It was my turn to bite my lip. In that moment, I hated myself.
What am I doing? … Judd!
In the corner of my eye, I saw Judd approaching. Realising we were still hand in hand, I quickly let go. I felt my cheeks burn bright red, and my hand instinctively went in search of an itch on the nape of my neck that suddenly needed scratching.
“Hey, how are my two favourite people doing on this fine day?” asked Judd, oblivious to my acute embarrassment and our awkwardness. And to his credit, he had been the only one deliberately trying to spread a little cheer to everyone that morning.
“Good,” I said rather too eagerly. “I-I was just thanking Gellica for what she did yesterday.”
“Yes,” Judd gushed; his eyes glued on Gellica. “You were so brave, Gels. Amazing … you were just … you are amazing.”
Gellica’s cheeks flushed pink; self-conscious, her eyes dropped to the floor for a second before flicking between Judd and me. His bold compliment had robbed her of words and me of breath; I anxiously sought for an escape route.
“Thanks, Judd,” she said gracefully with a blink and a careful breath; and then looking into my eyes so that my heart actually hurt, she sighed. “Rist, we need to—”
“Dixan!” I said as I caught sight of him. “Listen, I, er, need to go … I think the two of you should talk.”
Walk on! Run, twit!
I stumbled off on stiff legs, my knees locked together. I had made a decision in the beauty of my golden-dawn experience, and the injection of hope it had infused me with gave me the strength to see it through. I knew my role in the clan, my place in this world. I was a plain, uncomplicated guy, and way too young to master the potpourri issues of the heart.
Yep, keep telling yourself that. Self-deception goes a long way.
As I made my way to Dixan, Nadalie intercepted my path—appearing out of nowhere like a hungry predator jumping its startled prey.
“Rist, what are you doing?” Her lips pursed in annoyance, her eyes striking.
“Geez, Nadalie!” I put my hand on my thumping heart. “What do you mean?”
“I watched the whole thing. I know how you feel about her.”
“Please, Nads,” I rubbed my scar. “Look, I know you care about Gellica.”
“And you,” she added.
“You’re a good friend. You really are.” I sucked in a breath. “But you’re interfering.”
Even though she deflated like a balloon, she took my gentle rebuke in the spirit I had given it. “I know … but I don’t understand your reticence,” her mouth puckered like she tasted something nasty. “I know how she feels, and I know how you feel—”
I exhaled sharply. “But you don’t know how Judd feels.”
“What?” she looked over my shoulder at Judd engrossed in his discussion with Gellica, his infatuation now evident to all. “Oh, crud!”
“Yep, that’s one way of putting it. He’s a good man, Nads … a better man than me.” I cringed the instant I said it—perhaps it sounded like a noble sentiment on planet jackass, but on this planet, in this moment, it was stupid and self-serving. And corny. I scratched my head hard. “What I mean is, he’s certainly better suited to cope with the … with this pink and fluffy stuff—”
“But, Ristan, he’s not you.” Tears filled Nadalie’s eyes, but she quickly blinked them away. It was all too much gush for me.
“Look, I really need to go.” I stifled the guilty grimace that squeezed onto my face and turned to join Dixan, who was ready and raring.
Freaking heck!

***

I was unbelievably on-form during the hunt. Three shots, three large males. Each arrow striking just behind the shoulder, through the heart. An instant kill. Dixan allowed me to take lead in the hunt. Although my junior in some ways, it was his designated bow—and his call to make. He watched my back, keeping an eye on any possible dangers, so I could give my full attention to catching enough food for at least three days.
The incident with Gellica and Nadalie did not shake my newfound resolve. Dixan and I bounced around the jungle like young boys on their first adventure. I could see my upbeat mood rubbed off on Dixan quickly. We joked and laughed easily, so much so he couldn’t resist asking me how I was coping so well. When I threw caution to the wind and chose to confide in him, confessing to my early-morning stunt, he didn’t believe me.
“No way, bro,” whistled Dixan through a grin that was all teeth, looking at me as though I’d stuck my underwear on my head. “I reckon you hit your head falling into that hole harder than you think!”
“You think?”
“Or being falsely accused. I reckon that could send someone off to loony-land!”
“Yep, that must be it,” I played along.
You’re not far wrong, Dix!
Dix. Dixan Mantle. A plucky little bloke with a heart of gold. He never met his father, a military man, who was killed in the final year of World War III—the Oil War that ravaged the planet. Dixan was born a month after his funeral, on a military base somewhere.
His mother, a brilliant meteorologist also employed by the military, was killed by a Serpent in year four on this planet. Another tragic, heartrending tale. We were all defined by our parents’ demise to some degree. All orphaned, scarred. Forever marked by their deaths. That we probably wouldn’t have the chance to scar the lives of children of our own was some consolation. At least, I viewed it that way.
Before we headed back to camp, we reset the three traps that we had closed before our trip to the Gathering. They consisted of three-by-three stride holes dug into the ground, nearly one-and-a-half strides deep. At the bottom of each, we secured four sharp spikes to impale a Hog that might tumble into the pit. Foliage disguised the opening. Two days before the Gathering, we had closed the traps. What we didn’t need or couldn’t use, we didn’t kill.
On the way back, we had a brush with Death, a rendezvous with one of Dixan’s worst nightmares. And mine. I heard it before I saw it. Actually, I smelt it before I heard it. The reek of Death. Then the rustle of bush flattened by enormous, sliding weight. The distinct raspy buzz of the tail rattle. Followed by the soul-searing hiss.
Distracted and less observant, Dixan would have walked straight into its path. With a girth four times thicker than a man’s waist, the fifteen- to twenty-stride-long gargantuan viper would kill on sight. Even with a full belly, it killed simply because it could.
It was difficult to call it a snake being so much bigger than an Earth-snake. My Dad once described it as a hybrid between an anaconda and a rattlesnake. I couldn’t argue. I’d never seen either of those Earth-creatures. All I knew, the Serpent was my least favourite beast on Eden. Yes, I loathed the Sabre. But the Serpent was something from my most feverish nightmares.
I once saw a Serpent in action, its rattlesnake-like tail mesmerising an entire herd of Hogs like a magic wand in the hand of a conjurer, emitting red and green flickers with each rattle. Swallowing eight hypnotised adults one by one, it didn’t even need to use its venomous fangs.
Twenty centimetre fangs. Daggers that could penetrate the underbelly of a Sabre. In fact, on my ventures into the deep jungle, I’d witnessed two brutal battles between these monsters of Eden. The score? One apiece. On each occasion, the victor killed quickly, but then took its time defiling the body of its enemy. Ripping its rival apart, defecating on the carcass, leaving it for the scavengers to feast on. In both cases, the victor did not eat its opponent. The pleasure was purely in the kill. Eternal enemies. A feud spawned in the bowels of Eden.
The Serpent’s lethal venom would drop an adult Sabre dead inside three minutes. Dixan’s mother died in fifteen seconds. She was gone in thirty. Swallowed whole. And Dix nearly followed in his mother’s footsteps.
I pulled him down and hushed his startled gasp. I kept my eyes locked on Dixan’s—my own mesmerising act, to keep him from bolting. If he ran, he was dead.
The ruthless serpent-beast slid past us, dank with puke-green slime; its tail rattle abuzz, toying with a petrified jungle as it asserted its bewitching supremacy over all lesser creatures. We kept out of sight, just. I kept Dixan still, somehow. For some reason, favour smiled on us. Full-bellied, and moving somewhere with purpose, the hell-born creature didn’t notice us.
Even though these sorts of near-death experiences happened often, I think I only breathed again when we got back to camp. The death-smell of the viper, however, remained trapped in my nose. It would be days before I could smell without feeling bilious.
The rest of the day was filled with gutting and skinning the Hogs. Because of the excess of meat, Dixan and I spent the afternoon salting much of it to make meat-jerky. It would probably keep our bellies full for a week.
But food would be the least of our worries in the days ahead.

Chapter 18

I was beyond exhausted when I finally hauled myself up my tree to end a long day. Especially after failing to sleep a wink the night before. Even my stimulating dawn-hope experience could not keep my groggy, heavy-lidded eyes open. I must have crashed the minute I strapped up and lay my head back against the thick trunk of the tree.
Waking with a start, hearing voices already on the ground below me, I knew I had just pulled my first all-nighter. I had slept through the entire dark hours, something very few ever did—and something I wasn’t sure was even possible for me. I couldn’t believe how good I felt. Rested. Alive and well.
Come on world … give me your best shot!
And then I noticed it. Besides the creak of tall trees and the gentle sway of foliage caused by a brisk breeze, the jungle sounds were quieter by this time of the morning, and the Dawn Bugs had already signed off their daybreak performance.
Like miniature dinosaurs from yesteryear, the Dawn Bugs arrived as a harbinger of spring. Legs extended, the adult version was as large as both my hands out-stretched, and was on the ugly range of the bug world; a spectrum that had grotesque on one end and utterly hideous on the other. Making a chilling high-pitched sound; in concert, they turned the first light of day into a harrowing cacophony of noise. Victor had always said that while they sounded similar to cicadas, they looked like the evil, Frankenstein version of Earth’s lobster. Then again, I didn’t know what a cicada or a lobster was. Apparently, like a cicada, these foul bugs generated their ear-piercing noise from tymbals on the side of their abdomen. Victor turned everything into a biology lesson.
I miss him.
The first time I heard them in full voice, I nearly peed my pants. Now, they’re merely a herald announcing the start of my favourite season. After a day or two, I hardly notice them. White noise. Most importantly, they’re an essential part of the Hog’s diet—gorging on their nymphs during autumn and winter, feasting on their adult form during spring and summer. Using their sharp incisors to cleave open the bug’s hard exoskeleton, the Hog then slurped up the gooey, black innards. Not a pretty sight, believe me.
Two years ago, after an unusually long and bitter winter, the Hog population seemed to take a drastic hit. With fewer Hogs available, and multiple hordes of Dawn Bugs invading when spring eventually showed up, pinched with hunger, we were forced to try adding them to our meagre diet. Needless to say, it didn’t turn out well. Vile to the taste, we all got sick. I puked for days.
While catching a Dawn Bug wasn’t difficult, it was one of Eden’s most obnoxious experiences. Besides the blood their spiked pincers could draw, the biggest nuisance was the black faecal-matter that the repulsive bugs sprayed from their rear ends. If you got the stuff on you, you’d reek for days; a stench worse than Hog paste. And no, there were no benefits to Dawn Bug excrement. It didn’t keep the Raptor away—but your friends were sure to give you a wide berth.
It was during that spring that Satoru and Brucie devised one of their ‘underground’ pastimes: Bug Wars. Partly because we were inundated with the monstrous critters, and partly in retribution for making them sick, Satoru and Brucie snuck out of camp one afternoon, and after creating what they called an ‘Arena of Fire,’ they goaded Dawn Bugs into brutal battles to the death. And apparently, the triumphant bug left standing by the end was rewarded. By being pulled apart, limb by limb, and tortured with fire.
Knowing Victor wouldn’t approve, I kept away, as did Judd, Gellica, Nadalie and Jordin. Ruzzell, Shawz and Cartyr were drawn like Raptors to a fresh kill. And I guess, it was during those hours, as they watched bug tear bug apart—provoked and stoked by the fervent heat of the fire—that Ruzzell’s little gang formed.
Now, as I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes, the unusual quiet had a noise all of its own. And into the humming silence tiptoed the soft chitter-chatter of a wild jungle enjoying a brief rapture of serenity.

***

Trying hard not to look too deliriously happy in the morning wash-up routine, I fielded off the surprises that I was the last one down.
“You must’ve really bumped your nut hard, bro!” Dixan pursed his lips in a whistle, his head bobbing as he chuckled. The last few days had deepened my friendship with him, too. I looked over at Judd. Hmm? He looked a little off-colour. Whitewash pale, actually.
Wonder what happened between him and…?
“Right…” began Ruzzell at our morning assembly, looking far more upbeat … leaving the clan far more on edge than the day before, “…the foraging party must do their usual thing today, but since Dixan and everybody’s favourite Villain—” Shawz broke into one of his annoying laughter sessions again at what I discovered was Ruzzell’s new name for me.
With a bear-trap smile, Ruzzell continued. “Since they caught us a jungle load of meat yesterday, me and Shawz are taking the day off. Dixan, you go hunt … just one Hog will be enough. Take the Villain with you—” Again, he was interrupted by Shawz rolling on the ground, slapping his leg in deranged laughter.
I couldn’t help the smile that crept on my face. He looked so idiotic. Bonehead! The gibe was so poor, but Shawz’s overacting was weaker still. Even the other young bucks couldn’t hide their awkwardness. Cartyr dug furiously in his right ear with his pinkie finger, as he was prone to do when self-conscious; his lazy left eye wandering eerily around on its own accord. Brucie crossed his arms tightly in exaggerated fashion; pouting, too—for not getting the day off, I’d presume. To be honest, I couldn’t exactly be sure what was going on inside Satoru’s dome since he wore his usual irritable, crabby expression. If I could hazard a guess though, the scowl lines did appear to run deeper across his brow.
“And you girlies, do what you do around here.” Ruzzell gave a mock version of the domestic work the ladies did. “This place looks like a dump.”
I looked over at Gellica but Judd caught my eye; wound tight as a coil, he sat on the edge of his seat, literally. Barrels loaded and hammer cocked; he seemed itching for a moment to square off with Ruzzell.
“Just some news then,” said Ruzzell. My ears picked up. News? He now had my undivided attention. “Tomorrow, I’m going out for the day—”
“Huh?” Jordin couldn’t help express the surprise we all felt; immediately covering his mouth with both hands, he tucked his head down. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to, to butt in.”
 Out for the day? Is he going shopping? Sun tanning?
Jordin’s interruption didn’t break Ruzzell’s stride. “I’ve got a meeting with the leaders of the southern clans, my first one,” he couldn’t help himself. “And I’m allowed to take four interns with me … Shawz, Satoru, Cartyr and Brucie.”
My stomach sank. I think we all knew this was not an official leaders’ meeting. When Victor attended a leaders’ meet in the past, he would always take one of the older, responsible clan members to join him on his journey, mainly for company and protection. Nobody ever trekked alone. We had never heard of the concept of interns before. Plus, Shawz and Brucie were the young impressionable guys in our clan. Cartyr and Satoru were both highly competent in their own specialised fields: craziness and crankiness. And all younger than Judd. Something was very wrong with this picture.
The four young bloods slapped high-fives among themselves, and when Satoru’s glower ironed out in a snorting grin, the lights went on for me.
He’s recruiting; this must be connected to Dylain’s scheming.
Of course, it was conspicuously obvious given all that had transpired to this point; I just didn’t want to face the unsettling reality.
“Interns?” Judd seized the opportunity. “Ruzzell, you’ve made that up. There’s no such thing as interns—”
“Yes, there is,” Ruzzell spat. “You’re not a leader, you know squat.”
“But the Mzees would have said something about it,” Dixan spoke out for the first time—his jaw muscles clenched and his eyebrows twitching.
“What do you know, Dixan?” spat Brucie buoyed by recent events. Still, he ran his hand through his straight, black hair three times, a habit betraying his insecurities.
“What do you know, Brucie?” replied Dixan mirroring his tick in a scornful jibe. Brucie bristled and then pouted in response, his bottom lip quivering.
I put out a hand on Dixan’s shoulder to calm him down.
“Shut up, all of you,” barked Ruzzell. “I’m an appointed leader now; I have access to information none of you know. I’m leaving first light tomorrow for a meeting, and the boys are coming with me. Final!”
“Ruzz,” Judd tried again, in a softer, more diplomatic tone; the tension in his body uncoiled, but he looked pale, queasy and even self-loathing. “I don’t think it has ever worked that way. Victor never kept secret information from—”
Quick as a lightning strike, Ruzzell bounded over the Base Stump table and crashed down on Judd, pinning him to the ground. I was up in a flash to help my friend, when Shawz stopped me in my tracks. “No! No, you don’t, Villain!” An arrow on the string of his bow pointing at my chest. “Just try something stupid, Stupid!”
Déjà vu! Here we go again!
Aware that Shawz had me neutralised, Ruzzell put his foot on Judd’s chest and pressed his ample weight down on him. Squiggling helplessly, there was no way Judd could move.
“I thought we were all on the same page, Juddie Boy,” Ruzzell’s mouth curled into a sneer as he clicked his knuckles. Again Shawz snickered, his gaudy little snigger grating me no end. “I’m the leader,” Ruzzell continued, “I make the decisions. Your job is to obey. O-B-E-Y!” He spelt out the word as his eyes narrowed and spittle caked his hairy upper lip.
Four-letter words. Wow!
Then he humiliated Judd. Snorting, hawking phlegm from his throat, Ruzzell dribbled a thick wad of saliva onto his face.
“No!” said Nadalie as she hid her face in her hands; Jordin closed his eyes and screwed up his mug, both couldn’t bear to watch. Dixan tensed. Gellica looked at me. In comic contrast, Shawz and the other three ‘interns’ cheered their esteemed leader.
Judd tried to wipe the spit from his face, but managing the weight applied to his chest by Ruzzell’s bulk was his first priority.
“You’re a pansy, Judd; you know that,” said Ruzzell. “You think you’re so cool. The Man. But you’re a wimp, a coward—”
“Enough!” I said, surprised by the conviction in my voice.
The toadies shut up at once, and Ruzzell was forced to turn away from Judd and address me.
“Villain,” he glared at me; his eyebrows pulled tight. “You’re walking a very thin line at the moment, pal. I could break Pretty Boy’s nose here with my heel and give you full credit for it.”
“Ruzzell,” my voice was calm and clear. “Can we chat for a moment, in private?”
“Wh-what?” His eyes widened and then narrowed quickly in surprise. “What are you—?”
“Just you and me.”
“Why?” Ruzzell’s nostrils flared, and his eyes bored into me. “What’s your game, punk?”
“I’ve got an idea … for you to consider … alone.” I was making it up. On the spot. For a long drawn-out moment, Ruzzell’s face was unreadable; his eyes black and cold. And then curiosity got the better of him.
“Okay, come,” he barked. Lifting his foot from Judd’s torso, he traipsed off.
Surprised that he agreed, I simply followed. Grateful to have gotten him off Judd’s case, I didn’t look behind me, but the bewildered silence we left behind was tangibly thick with confusion.
Now what?
We walked to the edge of our camp, where we stopped behind a cluster of trees.
“I don’t know what you’re up to,” he began.
“Nothing, I’m not up to anything … but even you know that if we continue down this road, you’ll have a clan in ruin.”
“Yeah, and you’ll take the fall.”
I played along, still not sure what my proposed idea was. “And then what?”
“You’ll be banished,” he said with a self-satisfied glint in his eyes.
“And then, what? You’ll lose face. It’ll seem you couldn’t control me, and worse, if the clan revolts?” I could see I had his undivided now. And I kept speaking the words that came to mind. “Listen, you’re the boss; we all know that. Make the decisions you feel are best. You’ve got four very loyal gofers there. I’ll speak to the rest and keep them in check. If they give you a hard time, take it out on me. Tell me to whip them into line.”
I was about to wince at my lame suggestion when doofus took the bait.
“Mmmm…” Ruzzell rubbed his brow, “…sure can’t have mutiny on my watch. Okay, okay … but I don’t trust you, Villain. Make no mistake, I will take it out on you. I told Dylain you’re a loose cannon. He doesn’t like you much. Doesn’t like the way the Mzees shine to you. Wants to make an example of you.”
What?
“Well … then you’ve got nothing to lose and um, everything to gain.”
“I’m watching you, Villain.” Towering over me, he dug his rod-like finger into my chest, hard, and his nostrils widened as he sucked in air forcefully. It was classic Ruzzell: intimidation for dummies. “Cross me, and I’ll kill you. Dead.”
That I could just about see his pea-sized brain through his horsey nostrils nearly cracked me up. I stifled the grin that threatened to burst onto my face and found two flat words: “I know.” I couldn’t believe how calm I felt.
“Come, dweeb” snorted Ruzzell, evidently agitated by the fact that I hadn’t broken into a cold sweat. “Let’s get back.”


Chapter 19

Following Ruzzell back to Base Stump, I had to admit that throughout our goofy chitchat, I wasn’t sure of any overriding strategy in my mind. My only aim was to deflect the heat from Judd, and to put an end to these clan showdowns. With Ruzzell and his minions away tomorrow, the rest of us could plot and plan a way forward.
We returned to find the rest as we’d left them at Base Stump: confused and tense. Even Shawz was fidgety.
“Right, what are you all sitting around for? Everybody get to work,” Ruzzell growled out his final orders.
Everyone scurried away quickly except Judd, who sat in a daze glued to his spot at the Stump. With all and sundry having cleared out, I sidled over to check on him.
“You okay?”
Judd’s eyes were glazed over; his forehead furrowed like gnarled tree bark, with his cheeks blotched red and pink. He still had grass and grit stuck to the back of his head from his time plastered to the ground.
“Judd, erm, are you okay?”
“Get away from me.”
“Pardon?”
He lashed me with a harsh scowl. “You were supposed to back me up. Not humiliate me!”
“Sorry, what?” I felt my eyebrows arch high.
“We were supposed to stand up against him, together.”
“Geez, Judd,” I felt winded. “I’m not sure what you had in mind. I had an arrow trained on me, and you were taking a butt-whipping.”
“Yeah, then you rode in to save the day, and I just looked stupid. Again!”
“Judd, you’re taking out your anger on the wrong guy here,” I put my hand on his shoulder, trying to console him.
He shoved my hand away, and stood up in front of me. His glassy eyes were replaced by a cold, stiff glare. Judd was only a couple of centimetres taller than I was, but with his chest puffed out against his broad shoulders; for the first time, he looked imposing.
“I’m not a coward,” his eyes narrowed and his brow rumpled with indignation. He then chaffed at the tip of his nose. “And I don’t need your sympathy!”
I felt my head whip involuntarily from side to side. “Judd, I … I … don’t know what to say—”
“You’ve said too much already.” A vein pulsated beneath the skin between his eyes.
I stumbled for words. “I think you’re mad, and you’re taking it out on me. We need to stick together.”
“Yes, that was the plan,” he cut me a hard look, “but then you sneak off and have a private conversation with Lord Muck.”
“I needed to get him off you, and couldn’t do anything else with Shawz’s arrow aimed at me.”
“So, what did you and Ruzz talk about, hey?”
I realised I was trapped. If I told him what I said he’d probably accuse me of making decisions without him. Who was I to keep the rest in check? I concocted my ‘deal’ with Ruzzell as need determined. In Judd’s twisted rage, he was sure to misinterpret my motives.
“I-I just bought us some time. When he and his interns leave tomorrow, we can work out how we want to play this going—”
Judd huffed. “You sound like him now.”
“Who?”
He sneered. “Yes, Ruzzell.”
“Pardon?” I was dumbfounded.
“A little power goes a long way,” he rubbed his chin, as if he was underlining a crucial point—one that I was sure didn’t actually exist, or honestly didn’t understand.
“Judd, I don’t know what you’re implying. You’re my friend … my best friend—”
He grabbed me by the scruff of the neck, rage flashing across his eyes. “Best friends don’t lie to each other.” 
“What?” I kept my hands down in surrender.
Eyeball to eyeball, his face crinkled venomously. “Gels told me … she told me about the two of you.”
“Told you what? The two of us, what?”
Huh?!
“Still lying, are we?” He pushed me backwards, and spat on the ground in blatant disgust.
I was completely bewildered. I had tried to do the right thing at every point, and now my best friend was misreading my every action.
Gellica told him what?
“Judd, please … there’s nothing between Gellica and me … I don’t know what she told you.”
“Look me in the eyes, Rist. Tell me you don’t have feelings for her.” His top lip curled in a snarl, challenging me.
I didn’t know what to say. I wanted to lie and say I didn’t, but I couldn’t do that to him. And I didn’t want to admit it, partly because I had not been truthful when he had confessed his love for her two days ago. And partly because I was trying to kill what feelings I did have!
Rainbowfly remember?
“Ha! See! You do have feelings for her,” his mouth scrunched like he’d just swallowed bile. “You lied to me. Friend? Piss off, man!” And spinning on his heels, Judd stormed off.
Ouch!
His comments stung deep.
I just stood there. Frozen. Paralysed. Numb!
I’m not sure how much time past.
“Hey, Risto,” I heard Dixan’s singsong voice. “You coming?”
I forced myself to put one foot in front of the next in Dixan’s direction, my mind whirling.
Handing me his bow and quiver full of arrows, he gushed: “Thank you, bro; I thought we were all Hog paste there for a minute. What did you say to Ruzz?” Obviously, he was oblivious to my scuffle with Judd.
“Never mind. Come,” I said, straight into work mode, “let’s go check our traps first. If a Hog has fallen into one of them, we won’t have to hunt.”
“Really? But I want to hunt, yesterday was so much fun, bro—except for you know what.”
“Let’s go check the traps.” My voice flat; I felt slapped over, scolded.
Did I really do something wrong?
“But they hardly ever work. When last did a Hog fall into one?” His eyes pleaded with me. “I think those dumb critters have worked them out. Oh, yeah; what was it? Like several moons ago we caught that old fella,” he cackled at the memory. “He was so blind and deaf and lame, even Jordi could’ve speared him with a Raptor feather!”
Dixan rambled on and on. I forced a smile to amuse him, and to keep from having to talk. He seemed to have morphed into a blabber-jaw overnight, with a sudden chronic case of verbal diarrhoea. It just went to show. If you made someone feel safe, out popped who they really were … the good and the annoying.
It took us nearly an hour to check the first two traps. We knew it was unlikely that there’d be any creatures to face-off against on the somewhat well-worn paths to the traps, but we moved with an extra dose of caution and care … knowing that at any minute, we could end up on another beast’s lunch table. Of course, the moment we were some twenty strides outside our camp, even the blabber-jaw had to zip it. Yesterday’s near encounter with serpent-death had curbed our recent gung-ho over-eagerness.
Both traps were undisturbed. We were about twenty-odd minutes away from the last trap, and I was tempted to leave it, and move on to the hunt.
“Come on, Risto…”—Dixan gave a flat whistle, a mark of his frustration—“…you know there’s nothing down that hole … let’s just go a-hunting already! We had such a blast yesterday.” Even despite our brush with the Serpent, we really did have a rollicking time.
“It’s not that far, let’s just do this properly,” I said stubbornly.
“Ugh, bro. I’m so pumped. We can check it out tomorrow.”
One decision. A choice—keep going south to check one more trap that was in all likelihood undisturbed … actually, just about guaranteed empty … or head west to hunt, and bag a quick Hog or two.
How different would things pan out if I just give into Dix’s request and go west to hunt?
One decision. Our choices create our future. Why I mulishly refused Dixan’s request, I did not know.
“Dixan, we’re going to trap three. It’s a short journey, and then we can hunt for as long as you want to. And you can shoot; I’ll keep watch.”
His eyes narrowed as he pouted his lips. “Okay, bro,” he conceded reluctantly. “If you insist.”

***

We made the distance in about fifteen minutes. I felt I was pushing the pace, and was annoyed—admitting to myself that my refusal to buckle to Dixan’s request was due to the anger festering in me from this morning’s drama. We were twenty strides from the hole when we realised we had caught something … something had fallen in. The covering foliage was sunken, although there was no evidence of any tracks leading into the pit.
“A fleet-footed Hog?” joked Dixan; he could hardly contain his excitement. “With fairy feet?”
“Easy now,” I said as we approached carefully. “Shh.”
“What? Why?” His eyes widened with a blink of uncertainty.
I put my finger to my mouth to quieten him and strained hard to hear if there were any sounds emanating from the hole. A Hog usually made an ear-torturing racket. Not only did it have a short, curled tail like a pig; it squealed like one, too. Since there was no noise from the hole, I could only imagine it was dead, skewered on the spikes at the bottom.
“A very dead fleet-footed Hog,” mouthed Dixan as we both inched forward towards the trap.
Then we heard it, a shuffle from the hole. I stopped abruptly, catching Dixan, who wanted to rush in to see what we had snared. “Slowly,” I whispered, “we don’t know what’s down there.”
Dixan glanced at me sideways with anxious, questioning eyes. “Bro, do you think we’ve caught a Sabre or two?” he teased, a nervy smile crawling on his face. It quickly disappeared, giving way to a tense, taut frown. “What else could fall and make a gap in the foliage like that?” A smaller creature would not have disturbed the covering foliage as much; a bigger creature would be visible in the relatively shallow stride-and-a-half-deep hole.
“Well, until we’re sure … we don’t take any risks,” I said, and then forced a smile. “See, I’ve learnt from that hole I tumbled into.”
Dixan relaxed perceptibly and grinned from ear to ear. “And I’m never going to let you forget it, bro.”
“Clearly, you—” My sentence was cut off at the root. We both heard the rustle from the hole again; this time, a sound that seemed to be the result of a definite and deliberate action. Dixan stiffened. I mastered my own fear, and tried to enthuse him with a look of confidence. I motioned towards the trap and inched slowly forwards. With an arrow charged on my bow, I came within five strides of the pit. Dixan dragged himself a stride behind me.
I could now just espy the crown of the creature’s black, hairy head. From what I could see, it was definitely not a Hog.
“What, what is it?” I could hear a deluge of fear in Dixan’s trembling voice, but curiosity egged him on. I too was spiked with interest, but I knew a beast of some sort was suffering in that hole, and I had to put it out of its misery, whatever it was.
I hate when creatures suffer needless—
In one step, that sentiment changed. Completely. Taking one pace closer, I saw what it was. Dixan saw it a second later and froze in terror, paralysed with dread.
It certainly wasn’t a Hog. It wasn’t a creature we hunted at all.
It was a creature that hunted us.
It was one of them.

Chapter 20

One of them!
I could feel my eyes bulge in their sockets. I had never seen one before. No one in ten years had seen one up close and clear. Or lived to tell about it. They always struck in the dark hours, not even during a full moon … unless a thick blanket of cloud provided cover. They were exceptionally quick, mobile. Agile. Those who had seen ‘something’ and survived could only describe a flash, a blur of black and red fury. Those of us who hadn’t seen anything, didn’t want to. Even so, as Dixan and I stared in horror at the creature in the pit, we knew it was one of them.
“Oh, dude! Oh, my gag!” Dixan’s voice was shrill with panic. “What … what do we do, bro?”
“Shhh … it knows we’re here,” I said very quietly, the arrow on my bowstring itching for action. I could see the top of my enemy’s head now. It seemed to be looking our way; twitching, straining. The bright sunlight evidently limiting its ability to see anything outside of the hole.
We guessed that they were relatively small, no bigger than a stride-and-a-half, less than five feet tall. However, we knew they were incredibly strong. They plucked our young women from high branches without a hint of noise, and without even a sign of struggle. We concluded that they must kill their victims instantly, and then lugged their dead weight through the jungle with consummate ease.
They killed our men and older women with a single piercing to the heart. Again, we never heard so much as a sound from the weapon they used. Or a peep from the dying victim.
“Risto, let’s … let’s get out of here,” Dixan’s voice, a desperate and distraught whisper, “there could be others—”
I shushed him quietly but firmly. “It’s midmorning and the sun is bright; I don’t think there are others around. This one must have fallen in during the night somehow.”
“On, on its way to our camp?” Dixan spoke out what I was thinking, “To take Nads or Gels? Man, I hate them! I hate them, bro. Just kill the flippin devil.”
I felt myself pull back on the bowstring even further. If I let it go now, at this close range, the arrow would fly at such a lethal pace; express enough to pass straight through the neck of a Hog or human. Or just about.
Surely, enough to rip this thing’s head off?
I took another step closer. And then another. My arrow trained at the sweet spot between my foe’s squinting eyes. Now I could see its full upper body in the shade of the hole. Still, it struggled to focus on us, cupping its hands over its eyes in an attempt to shield the glaring sunlight. It seemed unsure of the threat we carried, and sniffed hard on the air. Fortunately, we were upwind, and would offer no advantage to our enemy. One more step and I stopped; I could now see most of its form. So could Dixan, who had kept lumbering forward, using me as his shield.
Humanoid!
Since it was smaller than I imagined, I was probably looking at a young adult. It was pilous; although it wore a full-body, dark rubber-like outfit—to assist with its mobility no doubt, while offering protection of sorts—its head, forearms and legs were covered in thick black hair. Only its face and palms were hairless.
Eyes now shut; it appeared to be in much discomfort, shuffling uneasily on its buttocks. In obvious pain, it tried to hoist its leg, which looked twisted at the ankle. Then I saw its ‘feet’; hands for feet actually, explaining its agility through the jungle. It looks almost familiar? Dixan suddenly coughed out the word that my mind was reaching for.
“It looks like a … a chimpanzee … only, only its face, more human-ish.” His curiosity again trumping his trepidation.
“Yes,” I heard myself agree. I had only seen pictures of a chimpanzee; by the time I was born, they along with 70% of Earth’s animal life were extinct. In fact, Dad and two other microbiologists proved that an early version of The Plague virus killed off the chimpanzees. Not content with the chimps, the virus mutated again and decimated mankind.
Looking for any sign of a laser gun, I noticed what looked like a helmet. No, more like a hood … a hood with a visor. I assumed it was some form of sunshield. The visor was shattered, evidently from the fall.
“Is … is it armed?” asked Dixan, sharing my fear.
I shook my head half-heartedly. There was no evidence of any weapon, but I knew it must be capable of maiming or killing.
“Why doesn’t it just climb out?” asked Dixan, battling to see past me. I lowered my bow, and released the tension from the string even though the arrow was still loaded.
“It’s fallen hard,” I whispered. “Look … the visors smashed, and it’s definitely impaled … see through the left leg. It’s lost a lot of blood or life liquid or whatever it has—”
“Kata-kolo, kata-kolo!” The air exploded with an alien, blood-chilling sound.
I just about jumped out of my soul as the creature opened its mouth in a verbal tirade, a rapier assault filled with venom and bile. I suspected it had only now become fully sentient of our close proximity.
Shaking and trembling, Dixan flung his arms around my body from behind, impeding my use of the bow. “Dix! Get off—”
“Kata-kolo, kata-kolo. Kete-kete!” screamed our adversary; a venomous expression animated its embellished facial features. Eyes wide open, blazing a furious, fiery red; it strained to take in our shape and form. Shaking off Dixan, I aimed the arrow at the small black pupil in the centre of the flaming red target … its left eye.
“Kill it, kill it!” yelled Dixan sucking in his teeth.
“Kata-kolo, kata-kolo!” bellowed the creature in response as it tried to wriggle from view, to no avail. It was trapped, cornered. “Kata-kolo, kata-kolo. Kete-kete,” it snarled in our direction. The red in the iris of its eyes seemed to get more intense and swelled to fill the entire, distended eyeball. Any human-likeness in its face, gone.
“Rist! Kill it! Shoot the friggin thing!”
Dixan’s shrill voice galvanised my resolve. Bow at full stretch, my arms began to quiver slightly with the strain.
I exhaled slowly.
Now…
But I couldn’t.
I couldn’t let the arrow go.
“Kill it, Ristan!” screeched Dixan in a howl of demented dread. I could feel him jumping up and down frantically behind me.
I lowered my bow and relaxed the tension.
“What you doing? Rist! Kill it!” His voice squealed with disbelief and terror.
“No, I can’t.”
With that, Dixan made a strange clicking sound with his tongue, turned and ran. “Wait, Dix—!”
There was no stopping him, I knew he would run straight back to camp and alert the others. I had about thirty to forty minutes to decide what to do before they all rocked up on the scene.
Why can’t I kill it?
Where had my hate gone … my blinding hate? Maybe, because it looked so defenceless. Perhaps, because it looked so human a moment ago. Or had the events of the last two days robbed me of my survival instinct, drained me of my abhorrence of them? Was I being more human, or less?
I realised that I was lost in my head again and had taken my eyes off my foe. When I focused back on the creature, a chill ran up and down my spine.
The furious red in the iris of its eyes was gone; a deep purple hue marked its peepers now. They looked almost painted. The venom in its face faded, replaced by a softer, almost … almost amiable expression. Rotting Hog’s breath! It looked so incredibly human again; I almost felt sympathy for it. Was it trying to manipulate me, sensing my indecision, playing on my apparent show of weakness?
I stepped forward and raised my bow again. In an instant, the purple in its eyes became a roaring red. Rage contorted its features grotesquely … and a blur flashed towards me. Flicked its wrist? Something struck my bow with such force that it flew from my grip, and my arrow sailed high into the air. Startled, I caught sight of a fluid-like substance spurt in the air at the very instant the ‘something’ hit my bow, but I didn’t have a clue what was happening.
Then I saw it.
A polished metallic object, no bigger than my middle finger, lay on the ground. Just a spearhead tapered into a needle-sharp point, there was no shaft. A cord or tube connecting the metal lancet ran all the way back to the creature in the hole.
I don’t know how I knew what to do, but instinctively I stood on the loose cord. A nanosecond later, the cord went tight as my brain clicked into gear. The confusion lifted, and I understood what was going on.
The creature had shot the spearhead at me. It was connected by a tube-like cord to a device on the thing’s wrist. My enemy now intended to reel the weapon back into place; presumably, to launch it at me as many times as necessary. Some of the fluid-like substance remained on the spearhead at my feet, but slowly evaporated.
It must be some quick-working, lethal toxin that’s injected into the victim.
That it evaporated seconds after being discharged meant it was probably designed to do so. No wonder we never found any sign of poisoning in those killed by this deadly weapon.
My bow had fortuitously saved me.
Dix’s bow.
“Kata-kolo, kata-kolo. Kete-kete!” screamed the creature again, red-eyed and spitting fury. The tug on my foot was strong; I couldn’t hold the cord down for long, but I dared not touch it with my hands. Drawing my knife, I hacked at it, grateful when my sharp blade finally split the tube—a colourless fluid dribbling onto the ground.
“Kata-kolo, kata-kolo,” growled the creature; this time, in a more controlled hiss as the loose cord snaked back into its launcher without the spearhead, like a decapitated viper. I had no idea what it was saying, of course, but it sounded more resigned to defeat. Despite the duller tone of its voice, its flaming red eyes, however, told me my adversary was still wired for anything. My own peepers ran swiftly over every detail in front of me. No sign of a gun. And no device on its other wrist. Relieved, I expelled a rasping gust of air.
Out of instinct and self-preservation, sheathing my knife, I quickly picked up my bow and notched another arrow on the string. This time, I didn’t point it at my enemy. I knew one thing … I had no intention of killing it. So, why antagonise the creature?
And then I just stared at it. And it stared back at me, red-eyed and breathing heavily.
For the longest time.
My mind was blank; I didn’t know what to do. I might have left it if I wasn’t conscious that Dixan and the others would be arriving at some point. It was injured, but I didn’t think it was dying. Once dark set in, I guessed they might come to its aid. On second thoughts; no, I don’t think I could have left it to suffer. It had lost a lot of life-fluid.
But what I did next … shocked me.
I slowly returned the arrow into my quiver, and put the quiver and my bow on the ground. Crouching to lower my presence, I withdrew my knife and plunged it into the ground to its hilt. Lifting my hands up to complete my attempt at a parley, I spoke to the creature.
The words that proceeded from my mouth sounded so calm and confident, a compilation of letters that almost didn’t belong to me.
“I don’t want to hurt you. I don’t. Somehow I think you know that. Or I’m totally nuts. But … other humans are coming … and its going to get a little … er … chaotic soon, but I won’t let them hurt you.”
All of a sudden, the most amazing thing happened.
The red in the inflamed iris of its eyes turned purple and kept changing until they became green  … not just green, an electric emerald green. With the iris constricting at the same time, the white of its eyes became pronounced, a clean, painted white, enhancing the beauty and richness of the colour of the iris. The rest of its simian-like face remained somewhat hard and tense. I chose to smile, not because I felt like smiling, but because I didn’t know how else to soften my own expression.
The creature’s eyes turned a softer green, and its face relaxed. The grotesque, venomous features were gone. Hog’s breath! I can’t believe this! It looked like a completely different beast; again, so human, I felt my jaw drop.
A whole new meaning to being two-faced!
“If you can communicate with me in any way,” I continued, “now is the time to do it. I don’t want to come into the hole and scare you … but unless I do, you’ll remain trapped.”
Me scare them?
I nearly laughed out loud.


Chapter 21

The creature didn’t make a sound. Perhaps I was being delusional, but I was sure it could understand me. There was intelligence marked in its face, comprehension etched into its expression. The eyes were so telling, or at least that was how I was reading it.
I continued to speak quietly to it, appealing … inching my way slowly and unthreateningly towards the pit.
At one point I stopped, wondering whether I was being misled, lured in.
Perhaps the moment I stand in that hole, the other it … the one with the red-eyes and monster-face jumps me.
Knowing that Dixan and the others would rock up soon; I talked myself out of my paranoia and kept trudging forward. I stepped carefully into the trap, relieved that the only creature in the hole with me was the placid version. I had just dug up and removed the three spikes the creature did not land on; when I heard the others arrive.
“Oh, geez,” I muttered aloud without thinking. “No, no ... calm down,” I said when I saw the green of its eyes turn reddish purple. “If they see the red … you’ll be dead. Show them the green; they need to see the human-likeness in you.” I was surely talking for my benefit alone.
“What the heck are you doing, Villain?” yelled an out-of-breath Ruzzell keeping his distance.
“It’s in there … the monster … with him,” said a distraught Dixan, panting for air. He’d run to the camp on pure fear-induced adrenalin, and curiosity must have dragged him back.
“Stay away,” I said, having finally cleared a space in which I could work. “It’s not a monster, and it’s badly hurt … give me some time, and I can save—”
“What?” asked Ruzzell in utter bewilderment, his voice a pitch too high. “Save it?! You want to what?”
I turned around to face my clan for the first time. My eyes had been fixed on my enemy, not because I was afraid; rather, it needed my reassurance.
I must be completely mad!
Ruzzell, Shawz, Dixan, Gellica and Nadalie stood some twenty strides away, shuffling, fidgeting. Visibly restless. Their eyes wide and lips pressed tight. All they could see at this point was my head and shoulders.
“Rist!” Gellica broke the silence. “Rist, please get out the hole … can you get out?”
It was good to hear her voice. I was strangely relieved that Judd wasn’t around. He and the others, who had gone foraging, were not in sight; presumably, they were still somewhere in the jungle rummaging for food. Before this morning, I would have appreciated his presence in such a tense situation. After our confrontation though, I was glad he wasn’t here. There were already too many volatile dynamics in play.
“I’m fine … yes; I can get out … this thing … umm … creature is hurt. I want to help it—”
“Why? Just kill it already!” said Shawz as he agitatedly tugged on his chin fluff, his face strained by the exertion of the run and the crushing squeeze of the moment’s tension.
“Rist, is it really one of them?!” Nadalie’s voice was filled with perplexed confusion.
Of course! What would I think if I saw one of my clan mates in a Hog trap presumably trying to help our mortal enemy?
“Look!” said Dixan, pointing to the bow and quiver laying several strides from the hole. “He’s gone in without his bow!”
“Or his knife!” added Shawz, noting the handle of my blade sticking upright in the ground.
Dixan’s voice broke with strained incredulity: “Oh, gag! Rist?”
“Huh?” grunted a bemused Ruzzell. “You’re in there with that thing … without a weapon. What the hell is going on?”
“M-m-maybe it’s pulled him in,” said Shawz, becoming crazy with fear.
“No, it hasn’t,” I said sharply, trying to quell the qualm.
“Is there really one of them in there?” asked Nadalie, still in disbelief.
I looked my enemy in its purple-hued eyes. “I’m going to get out of the hole to show them I’m here on my own accord. Remember, show them green eyes.” The creature took a deep breath and slowly exhaled, registering my request. Either that or I was Hog-crap crazy.
I turned back to my terrified clan who, though they had all inched forward, were still too far off to see the creature. Taking in a chest full of air, I hauled myself out. “See!” I dusted my hands together. “I’m fine … just give me some time, so I can help this thing. It’s terrified—”
“It’s terrified?” asked Gellica aghast and trembling.
“Don’t get back in that hole!” ordered Ruzzell, now with an arrow on string, its deadly tip pointed at me.
“Ruzzell, please man … just—”
Oh, geez!
Ruzzell bolted towards the pit, Shawz right behind him, armed with an arrow-heavy bow, too. Dixan followed but stopped halfway. The girls didn’t move.
“Ruzzell … stay back!” I yelled.
He didn’t listen. But when he saw the creature in the hole, Ruzzell reeled backwards; his jaw slack with shock. “What the heck … what the freaking hell…?” Stumbling on his feet, unable to contain his distress, he must have thought that I was having him on. That Dixan and I had pulled a fast one. There was no way he actually expected to see one of them in that pit.
Following suit, Shawz squealed like a gutted Hog and lost grip of his arrow. It thudded into the ground two strides from me. “Oh, my gag, man! … Oh, my gag!” His head flayed from side to side; his voice tight and high-pitched, warbling with fear. “It’s, it’s one of them … it’s really one of them … Oh, gag! What we gonna to do, Ruzz?” He fumbled and dropped two more arrows before he got the third on his bowstring, his whole body quaking.
I knew from Ruzzell’s expression that the creature would be dead if I didn’t do something fast. With Shawz’s panic distracting Ruzzell slightly, I leapt into the hole, grateful that I had removed the other spikes. I landed with a bone-jarring thud right in front of the creature, its eyes turning red despite its heavy breathing: in and out, in and out.
“Green, please! They must see green,” my voice an earnest entreaty—then I spun around to face Ruzzell, my body now between my deadly enemy and my clan leader.
“What are you…? Freak! Get out of my way, Villain,” Ruzzell said in a hiss; his arrow aimed at my chest. I saw his eyes flicker either side of me, looking to squeeze off a shot. I knew he wouldn’t think twice about giving me a flesh wound to achieve his goal in nailing the creature behind me. He’d proven his readiness to do so already.
I gripped the front edges of my shirt and stretched it out, making the biggest screen I could craft, blocking my foe from view … if it wanted to stab me; it had my entire, exposed back as a target. But at least I was now certain that Ruzzell couldn’t see any vital spots on the creature to shoot at.
“Ristan! What the hell?!” Ruzzell was beside himself: sweat poured down his temples; his cheeks were blotched red, and a bead of perspiration formed on his snarling upper lip. “What you doing, man? You’re defending one of them!”
By now, Dixan and the girls could no longer take the suspense. They arrived at the hole, trundling up behind Ruzzell and Shawz.
Gellica gasped at the sight of me crouching in the pit desperately covering something behind my back. She could now possibly see the creature’s chimp-like feet and the dark-purple blood that soaked the ground around me.
“Rist, what are you doing? Geez, get out of there!” shrieked Nadalie, unable to take in the spectacle, throwing her head into her hands.
“Move out the way,” said Ruzzell as Shawz slowly inched around the side of the hole on my left side. I knew Shawz was looking for something to aim at, and I didn’t trust his ability with the bow. He would usually scud his arrow right of target, pushing his shot, trying too hard. I was as likely to be pierced through with one of his arrows as the creature behind me.
“Shawz, don’t do it. You’ll shoot me!” I bundled an appeal and a warning into one anxious breath.
“Then get out the way,” said Ruzzell. “Keep going, Shawzie. If you see a shot, take it.”
I inhaled sharply, my chest burning. “Please Ruzz. It’s completely defenceless.”
Ruzzell’s eyes shook agitatedly in their sockets. “How do you know, Villain?”
“If it wanted to kill me, it would have.”
“What’s this?” Dixan clucked his tongue and looked down at where the spearhead lay.
“Don’t touch that!” I said, concerned that perhaps it might still contain poison. “Dix, don’t touch it.”
“Why? Is it from that … that thing?” asked Ruzzell, his forearm trembled with the tension of his bow.
“Just don’t touch it.” I said to Dixan, watching Shawz out of the corner of my eye as he continued to worm his way closer to get sight of the creature I shielded.
“Is it from the creature?” asked Dixan panicking. “Did it try to kill you?”
“Hey, everyone!” I said trying to snuff the volcanic tension about to erupt. “Just back off … back off and let’s talk about this!”
“Keep going, Shawz,” Ruzzell coaxed him on; his arrow trained on me. I knew by the strain of his bow that he could spear me and the enemy I foolishly protected.
There was only one more thing I could do. Unable to look behind me and take my eyes off Ruzzell or Shawz, I slowly leaned back against the creature.
“Green eyes, green eyes,” I said softly as I leaned back, resting my weight onto the creature, completely covering its small body with my splayed frame. Grateful that my shirt was so stretched already; it made a broad sail, concealing my foe.
“What, what’s he saying?” asked Shawz, his teeth chattering in his mouth. “Gr-green something?”
Then I felt the creature touch me; two large but strong hands in the small of my back.
I’m dead. How dumb can I possibly be!
However, the firm hands didn’t harm me; they supported my frame. And cupped, they made a back rest; I was as comfortable as I could be … given the absolutely ludicrous ordeal I was in. I gulped down a nervy giggle happy in the knowledge that now; I blocked all sight of the creature, from every angle.
Utterly frustrated by my inexplicable antics, Ruzzell snorted so wildly with rage a snot bubble ballooned on his bulbous snout. “You … you … freaking idiot!” he snapped, wiping his schnozzle on his shoulder. “I guess I’ll just shoot through you then.”
“No!! Ruzzell, please,” said Gellica. Nadalie joined Gellica, pleading for my life. The entire scene was absurd, farcical … nonsensical.
This must be my dumbest move ever!
I closed my eyes and prayed. I hadn’t prayed from my heart since Dad died, other than mouthing off at the morning prayer time Victor had led us in. I don’t know how my father found God on a planet like this, but his real, robust faith had sustained my fledgling, feeble one. It croaked the moment Dad died.
Now, ready to be killed at the hands of my own clan, protecting a mortal enemy, a creature I hated, the only thing I could do was pray.


Chapter 22

“Gag! What’s the dude doing?” asked Shawz befuddled. “Ruzz?”
“Are you praying, Villain? Prepared to die … for that thing?” I heard the sheer bewilderment in Ruzzell’s timbre, but I kept on praying.
“R-R-Ruzz? What the heck—?” Shawz squealed, totally unnerved.
“Villain! Have you totally flipped your lid?” He spat at me in frustration. “Okay, okay … Argghhh!” I heard Ruzzell stomp the ground. “This is a freaking stalemate! Let’s talk then. Shawz, stand down!”
Shawz groaned. “What?”
“Arrow off the bow and back off, pal!”
I opened my eyes slowly to see Shawz sidle to Ruzzell’s side. “Okay,” I said, blown-away relieved at the outcome. I had envisaged a few other conclusions to our standoff. And all of them ended with me dead. “Put the bow and arrows on the ground … both of you.” I took advantage of my turn of fortune.
“No way!” barked Ruzzell. “This is a negotiation. Not a freaking surrender!”
“I know how quick you are, Ruzzell … I move, and you’ll notch and shoot in a heartbeat. I’m not moving until your weapons are on the ground, and you move back five strides.”
“Then we don’t have a deal!”
“I’m prepared to wait until dark falls, are you?” I knew I held all the aces.
Ruzzell hissed. “They’ll kill you in that pit, pal.”
“I’m willing to take the risk,” I kept my eyes locked on his. “I have a small chance they’ll have mercy on me for showing mercy … I don’t fancy your chances.”
Ruzzell kicked the dirt again. “Fine!” he said, throwing down his bow. Shawz did the same.
“Now the arrows.”
“Fine!” He took the quiver from his shoulders, tossing it down.
“Kick them away.”
“Okay, okay,” said Ruzzell fuming as he scratched his face fuzz with his left hand.
“Now what?” asked Shawz after he’d done the same, his stupefaction almost amusing.
“Back up five strides and I’ll show you the creature … then we talk.”
Ruzzell took five small steps backwards, and the rest shuffled behind him.
That’ll do.
Dixan looked terrified. Shawz’s knees were knocking. Hand in hand, the girls showed remarkable strength. Ruzzell just glared at me, his dark eyes sunken beneath his beaded brow, his visage pressed into an infuriated glower.
If I could paint your eyes red, you’d be a dead ringer. Just about.
I felt the creature push gently on my back to help me upwards. It understood? As I straightened up, knowing it was still well concealed behind me, I mumbled, pleading with it one last time: “Green eyes, green eyes.” Then I stood to one side, but dared not look backwards; my eyes fixed on Ruzzell in front of me.
The astonishment on the guys’ faces was contextualised by the smile that lit up the girls’. I glanced behind me for a split second. The creature’s eyes were a stunning green, its face soft and gentle, the closest thing to a human yet … in fact, a child … okay, a hairy child. Only I was privy to its controlled, rhythmical breathing.
That’s it, control yourself.
“It’s … it’s beautiful!” gasped Nadalie.
Shawz looked puzzled. “That … that’s a them?”
“Can’t be, can it?” asked Gellica as she took a tentative step closer.
“That’s not what I saw,” said Dixan seemingly conflicted in himself, unable to explain the creature before him and the one he ran away from earlier.
“Dix, you were terrified, so was I … this is it,” I assured him.
“It’s … it’s almost … like a child of sorts,” said Ruzzell in a mixture of disappointment and disbelief.
“Yes, it is,” I said. “See Ruzzell, I’ve—”
“Can you imagine if we could deliver it to Dylain … alive? It would be some notch on my belt.” Ruzzell didn’t even try to conceal his ambition.
I sensed the creature tense and heard its breathing falter.
“Wow, look at the purple … its eyes have turned purple,” said Nadalie, her own peepers as large as saucers.
“Calm down,” I coached it under my breath. “Green eyes, green eyes … breathe. Breathe easy.”
“And now going green again,” said Gellica. “How does it do that?”
“Rist,” Ruzzell called me by my shortened name for the first time in a long time. “I want it alive and healthy for my meeting tomorrow—”
“No way, Ruzzell,” I broke in, “it’s hurt … it won’t be able to travel.” I knew that if I could protect it from Ruzzell, the creature might be collected by its own kind as soon as dark fell.
“I want it, Villain! Do you understand? I want it!”
“Okay,” I was determined to avoid another stand-off, “but let me try to help it first.”
“Then what?” He wrung his hands together impatiently.
“Look, it’s lost the use of its left leg; it’s not going anywhere in a hurry. Let me try to fix it…” I thought for a moment, “…and then we can talk. It’s losing blood and could die if I don’t do something.”
“Okay, get to it then.” Ruzzell cracked his knuckles. “I want the little imp alive. Got it?”
“Ruzz, why don’t you return to camp? Judd and the guys will be wondering where everyone’s gone. I’ll do what I can and then bring it to camp.” I rubbed my scar. “It has to rest and recover there.”
“But what do we do when dark falls?” asked Shawz, his eyes flitting between Ruzzell and me.
“We’ve got a whole afternoon to discuss that,” I said, trying hard to keep panic from returning into the minds of the clan.
“Okay, okay,” Ruzzell scratched his cheek. I could see he was scheming. I knew I had to make a suggestion that suited me and pacified him at the same time.
“Ruzzell, leave Shawz here to keep guard over it … while the rest of you head back to camp.”
“Can I stay to help?” asked Gellica.
“No!” said Ruzzell. “Shawz, you stay here—”
“By myself?” Shawz moaned like a sulky kid.
“Yes, the rest of us, back to camp,” snapped Ruzzell brusquely. I’m not sure if she meant it, but Gellica’s question helped Ruzzell agree with my suggestion. The warm, reassuring look she sent my way led me to believe she did. “Come, let’s go,” said Ruzzell with a bite. “Villain, I’ll be back every hour to check on you.”
I knew it was an empty threat. It was a fair hike through dangerous bush. He might come back once before dark.
I covered the creature again as Ruzzell, Shawz and Dixan collected their bows and arrows, and then I watched them leave. Shawz argued with Ruzzell in private for a few minutes before conceding. Taking up a spot thirty strides from the hole, his bow and arrow in hand, he was perceptibly shaky. The sinister sounds of the jungle kept him on edge and well engrossed.
Turning to the creature, grateful that Ruzzell was gone; I still couldn’t believe what I was doing. And couldn’t get over how human-like it now looked.
As I surveyed the damage to its leg and mulled over what I should do, I felt the creature’s soft eyes focus intently on me. Looking almost through me.
And then it spoke.
Clearly and softly.
In perfect English.
“Many thanks,” it said in a husky whisper. “I owe you my life.”
I felt like I’d stepped into a cold shower in the middle of winter. “Erm, er…” I just stared, stunned, brain-locked … unable to find any words to respond.
“I am Shumbalic,” it continued, its voice delicate yet throaty, “how would you pronounce it? … Shum-baa-leek.”
“S-Sum-Sumbarlik?” I repeated parrot-like, my brain unable to comprehend fully the fact that I was about to enter into a coherent conversation with one of them.
“Nearly … Shumbalic … pronounced Shum-baa-leek.”
“Sh-um-baa-liek,” I stuttered in faltering disbelief.
It smiled, I think. “And you … are you, Villain or Rist?”
“Rist.”
“Who is Villain then?”
I glanced over my shoulder grateful that Shawz was still distracted by the surrounding jungle, and its many disquieting sounds, but lowered my voice all the same. “Me.”
“I am confused,” it said.
No kidding!
“I’m … wow! W-w-words can’t describe my confusion,” I said and felt an uneasy smile break onto my face. This could easily have been a dream. A weird one. A very weird one. “Villain is a derogatory … a belittling term.”
The creature’s smile broadened. “I understand, Rist … the one called Villain by furious Ruzz Ruzzell.”
I rubbed at my scar. “You understood … everything? You understand … my language, how?”
“A very long story.” It looked down at the blood pool around it.
 “Yes, sorry … I need to help you, and quickly.” I scanned the damage more thoroughly; we were all DIY-medics on Eden. “Did you understand us the whole time?” I couldn’t help ask as I got to work.
“Yes, I did.”
“Why didn’t you say so earlier, before the other humans arrived?”
“I did not trust you.”
“And now?”
“I trust you, Rist.”
Am I really having this conversation?
“Sum-br-lik,” I struggled with its name, botching it again. “Shum-baa-leek...”—Better?—“...can I ask you something?”
“Yes. Of course.”
“The colour of your eyes,” I paused. “Can you change the colours on purpose, or—?”
“No, I cannot. The colour of my iris is a reflection of my emotions…” it seemed earnest, “...from purple when at ease or in thought, turning red when angry or aggressive; green when elated, joyful or content. When in fear or despair, they turn grey.” It reeled off the explanation as though it’d done so before. “Why do you ask?”
I looked into its soft green eyes, hiding the enormous sense of relief I felt. “Now I trust you.” I wasn’t being manipulated; Shumbalic was sincere.
“Rist?” The tone of its voice betrayed further emotion.
I cleared my throat. “Yes?”
“Why are you showing me kindness?”
“I don’t know,” I blinked to clear my head. “It just seemed the humane thing to do.”
“You do know I came to take one of your females, yes?”
Take?
“Yes,” I struggled to swallow, my mouth so dry, “but you didn’t.”
“I could not.” A splotch of grey dappled its green eyes.
“Why?” My voice came out hoarse. “Because you fell into my trap?”
“No, I fell into your trap on the way back to my territory.”
“Oh?” I felt my eyes narrow, confused by both its admission and the mental exertion spent figuring out the best way to help the creature. “Why didn’t you take one of them?”
“I could not.”
“Why? Why not?”—captivated by the grave expression on its face, my attention was fully engaged, eager for an answer—“Why did you spare them?”
“I do not know … it just seemed … the humane thing to do.”
I was stunned. Did you just say humane? “You, you said humane. What word are you translating in your language?”
“Let me think.” It paused. “Compassion … kindness. Why? Do you find it so hard to think of us as anything but ruthless killers?”
“No, just humane and human…” I said, not knowing how to explain myself.
“I guess that is what we are to your people,” it said as another tinge of grey seeped into the green-purple of its eye.
“But you,” I hesitated. “You’re not. Are there others like you?” I asked hopeful, taking my shirt off, tearing it into strips to strap its leg.
“Many … there is so much to tell you.” The green in its eyes grew stronger.
“Shumbalic,” I think I got the name right this time, “sorry for asking, but are you a … a man or a woman … a male or female?”
“Female.”
“You’re a woman?” I could feel my cheeks get warm. Could do with a shirt now! My head shook on my shoulders; I felt foolish for being embarrassed. This was an encounter of the third kind, and I was blushing.
“Yes, I come of age this cycle … you call it, year. This year, I become an adult.”
“Shumbalic,” I grimaced. “Please forgive me.”


Chapter 23

“Forgive? What do you mean?”
“This!” I pulled the spike from her leg. Shumbalic winced but didn’t scream, her eyes changed rapidly between green and purple and red, and then back to purplish green with a tincture of red that, to my relief, vanished. I tied the strips of my shirt around her leg to serve as a tourniquet, to stop the loss of life-fluid. Distinctly purple in colour and with an oily consistency on my fingers, I couldn’t quite bring myself to call it blood. I could still recall the texture of olive oil from baking with my mother during my Earth-childhood.
Strange what you remember, and what you don’t.
“Are you okay?” I asked, binding her wound, grateful for the return of soft green in her eyes. “Geez, you’re brave.”
“Thank you, Rist,” she tried to steady her uneven breathing. “And you are … how would you say it? Very sneaky,” she said referring, I guess, to the way I used the element of surprise to remove the spike. My thoughts were still in an eddy. Is this really happening? The corners of her mouth turned up in a smile, and I was both reassured and gobsmacked by how human-like she was.
“Your injuries are not as bad as I first thought,” I said, blinking hard. “The spike has just pierced your left-leg thigh muscle, although you won’t be able to use it for a while. You’ve also twisted the ankle on your right leg. The main problem is your loss of life-fluid. You obviously struck your head on the side of the hole…”—I pointed at a gash behind her right ear—“…and were knocked unconscious. When you came around, I guess you were too dazed and too weak to help yourself.”
“Many, many thanks to you, Rist.” She put her hand on my shoulder.
Unnerved, I stammered. “Can I ask you how you came to fall in this trap? I can’t imagine you taking a stroll home along this stretch of the jungle.”
“I was so despairing … of my inability to capture one of your females. Conflicted. I was, as you say, strolling through this strip here, feeling sorry for myself, wondering what I was going to tell Xakanic—”
“Who is Xaka…?”
“Xakanic … pronounced Xaa-kaa-nick … is Head Chief of the Zikalic—”
I felt my eyes squint and my head hurt. “The what?”
“We are the Zikalic … Zee-kaa-lick … my people.”
“I’m listening, I’m learning,” I said, scratching my chin.
“You see; I have failed my coming-of-age challenge. I do not know what I am going to say to Xakanic and the Initiators … those who oversee the coming-of-age rite.”
“I’m sorry, for you … but relieved, for our women, my friends. Geez! This is difficult.”
Shumbalic then put her hand on my hand; hers was larger than mine even though she was smaller in size and stature. “I know … me too … I am so conflicted.”
“Can I ask you a difficult question?” I asked, feeling short of breath.
“Yes?” she smiled.
I cleared my throat and suddenly itchy, my scar needed scratching. “What do you do with our girls … our females?”
Her smiled disappeared in a heartbeat, and her eyes dropped to the ground. “I will only tell if you promise not to hate me.”
“Shumbalic … I … I—” How could I explain that I hated her kind … them … with absolute, unbridled hatred for a decade?
“I understand,” she said with incredible empathy, looking me in the eye, the colour in her iris now tingled green. It was beautiful, so beautiful; she looked so feminine. When angry, she looked ghastly, so monstrous. “I will tell you even if you hate me,” she continued; her chin rose in an effort to compose herself. “I owe you my life; I’m in your debt.” She breathed deeply, and was silent awhile before answering. “How would you say? … pets … we catch them as pets.”
“P-pets!” I didn’t know how to respond; it was the last thing on my mind.
“Yes, I am so sorry.”
“Th-they’re…” I gnawed on my bottom lip, “…all alive?”
Monix?
“Yes…” she sighed and her voice flattened, “…most of them are very well looked after. We learnt your language from studying them, watching them. Xakanic is obsessed with your species.”
“I’ve got so many questions.” A painful throb started in my temples.
Is Monix alive?
“Yes, and I have so much to tell.”
I coughed my throat clear. “What do you mean?”
Her brow furrowed. “You are in terrible danger.”
“Yes, every day of my miserable life.” I felt a pang of guilt for the sarcasm in my voice.
“No,” she seemed sunk in thought, “I mean Xakanic, the Head Chief, is plotting against your people.”
“Look. I don’t understand. You’ve killed so many of us, and continue to—”
“If Xakanic wanted you all dead, he would have terminated you a long time ago … now you are spared as sport for our young adults. We can choose our challenge for coming of age; one option is to kill one of your leaders or catch a female as a pet.”
“That, that’s an option?” I was mortified. My mind reeling.
“Yes, other options exist … like killing one of the beasts—“
“But where is your erm, gun, um, laser weapon, thingy?”
Shumbalic squinted, momentarily confused by my appalling use of words to describe a laser gun. Only when I arranged my hand into the shape of a gun did the confusion lift and clarity arrive. “Yes, for this option, to kill or capture a human, we are allowed rumbala only,” she pointed to the device on her wrist with what looked like disdain in her eyes, “but back to what is important. With your numbers falling, only those of royal birth can now kill one of your leaders, or capture a pet … your females.”
“So, are you then … of royal birth?” I cringed at the rather obvious question that slopped out of my mouth.
Her head nodded. “Yes, my father is a Chief, but Xakanic is Head Chief and does whatever he pleases. My father has tried to reason with him, but he will not listen. He has become bored with your people and now has put a plan in motion to cause conflict, a war between your people—”
“What?” I felt light-headed, and my vision went fuzzy for a second. Information overload threatened to fry the circuits in my brain.
“Yes, your one strength has been your unity, unity without a strong, dominant leader or an overt hierarchy,” her eyebrows scrunched. It appeared as though she was rehearsing a lesson she’d learnt recently. “At first, we studied it with marvel, but when the lower classes of our people began asking questions about social structure, Xakanic came up with the idea of proving how weak your unity is.”
I rubbed my temples to allay the pressure. “How?”
“Xakanic found a weak link in the aliens … your people, the humans,” she corrected herself, “one who will turn your people against each other. Xakanic says it will not be long; we will watch you destroy yourselves. There is even … how you say? … a wager on how quickly it will happen.”
“Who is this one?” I knew but I wanted to hear her confirm it.
“Your new leader, the one who loves himself, the one you call Dylain.”
Dylain’s heart is darker than I ever imagined.
“But how did—?”
“Xakanic and his personal guard took Dylain from his sleeping-tree one night,” she continued, reading my mind, “carried him into the deep jungle, and promised him power … promised that he would be Chief of the alien people … your people … if he aligned himself to Xakanic.”
I buried my head in my hands and rubbed my face hard. Taking a deep breath, I looked into her eyes. “Shumbalic. How do you capture and kill us without a sound?”
“Toxin in rumbala … our dart, we can set it to paralyse or kill…”
“Is it … um, painful?”
“No pain. No.”
Unable to keep up with the flurry of questions rapidly firing in my head, I thought my brain might explode. “And Xakanic will keep his word?”
“No, no. It is a game. Once Dylain has succeeded, Xakanic will kill him or feed him to the beasts in our Great Arena.”
“Your Great Arena?” I scratched my head with both hands and grimaced, my cranium swamped with both information and questions. “W-Why are you telling me this?”
“Because there are many, like my family, who oppose the Head Chief’s plans, but we do not know how to stop him, not yet.”
I felt a momentary reprieve to the growing pressure in my head. “What can I do?”
“I do not know, but your kindness, the mercy you have shown me, when I tell my family, they will be most determined. Rist, I owe you my life.”
“Shumbalic,” a thought germinated in the messy mishmash of my mind. “Can I ask you a difficult question?”
“Yes, Rist. Ask me anything.” Her dazzling eyes and soft smile made her almost attractive.
Almost.
I searched for the right words. “Did you mean it when you said you owe me your life, or … or is it just … how do I say this? Sentiment?”
She touched my shoulder again. “Sentiment? You mean pretend? No, no. Rist, I mean it. I am in your debt.”
“Sorry to ask you then to pay it.” I pressed the heel of my hand against my forehead.
“How?” Her whole face beseeched me.
I started down a path I didn’t really want to go. “If you can convince your family to help—”
“Yes, they are already convinced.”
“Then return with your father.”
“Return where?”
“Come to my camp,” I hesitated as I felt the beat of my heart pulsate in my fingers, “fetch me in the night when the others sleep. The three of us will make our way upriver … to the first camp north of our main camp. A man named Scott—”
“Yes, I know of him. We all do.”
“I will need to introduce you to Scott, and then you can tell him what you’ve told me. He must know this information.”
“Yes,” she nodded eagerly, “it will be a start. I think.”
“You’ll have to fetch me soon after the others have fallen asleep; we’ve got a long way to go and need lots of time with Scott.” I immediately berated myself, realising how silly it was to explain what she would probably know well.
Her eyes widened, and the green dazzled. “But this is not a repayment of my debt.”
“You won’t do it?” I asked perplexed.
“Of course, I will do this … but until your life is at personal risk, and I save it, only then, the debt is paid.”
I put up my hands instinctively. “No, you don’t have—”
“It is not up to you, my friend,” she said with great cadence in her voice. The word friend—heavy with meaning, pregnant with possibility—seemed to stun Shumbalic as much as it shocked me. Somehow I knew she didn’t mean it merely as an appellation. There was an awkward but hopeful silence between us.
“Do you think we could be friends?” she continued, her face soft, her eyes swimming with yearning; longing for a friendship with an alien being.
Me!
I gulped, “I think we are friends.” It just flowed from my heart, and I meant it. How can I be friends with one of them? But I meant it; I really did.
“R-Rist! Hey, Villain!” The frightened voice of Shawz crashed through our moment.


Chapter 24

The overhead sun was now blazing hot, the burning rays catching my head, neck and the top of my shoulders as I crouched in the hole. My chest and back were clammy and wet with sweat, and my hands were soiled with dirt and blood. I didn’t have time to admire my handiwork or appreciate my intriguing conversation with Shumbalic. Shawz’s distressed voice tore through my encounter with this fascinating creature, propelling my heart into my throat.
I swung around, having completely forgotten about him; the muscles in my shoulders immediately tense. He had ambled halfway towards the hole from his post, but stopped short seemingly unsure of what I was doing. He had an arrow on his bowstring, although it wasn’t pointed at me, and Shumbalic was out of his line of sight. I think the jungle still posed the biggest threat to him.
“What are you doing? Are you talking to that thing?” he asked.
“What? Are you nuts? I’m just talking to myself.” I winced at how crazy that sounded.
 “When can we get out of here, dude?” Shawz had one thing on his mind. “The jungle’s freaking me out.”
“Soon. Nearly done. Go back to your post.”
“Okay.” He was just a kid without Ruzzell around.
I waited for him to trudge back to his spot before turning to Shumbalic. “Listen,” I said with rekindled urgency, “now that I’ve patched you up; we’ve got to think about how you get away.”
“Do you have a suggestion?” she asked.
“If I help you out of this hole and get you into that tree…”—I pointed to a low-hanging branch ten strides from the pit—“…are you feeling strong enough to carry yourself out of sight? You won’t be able to use your legs.”
“Yes, I will be slower, but … Rist, the light … my helmet screen is broken.”
I hadn’t thought of that. It only then occurred to me just how much more Shumbalic was squinting; her eyes were deteriorating fast, the whites becoming increasingly bloodshot. She was no longer the devilish creature who lurked in the darkest night. She was now a friend in distress. Think! “Here…” I tied two strips of what was left of my shirt together, “if you put this over your eyes, it should shield—”
“Yes.” She tied my makeshift bandanna around her head, and covered her eyes.
“Will it work?” I asked.
“Yes, it will have to.” Veiled in the shadow my body cast over her, the waning shade of the hole steadily retreating from the noonday sun, she lifted it back off her eyes.
“Are you sure you’ll be okay?”
“Yes, if you can keep him from chasing me, I will make my way back to my territory. My family will be wondering why I have not returned yet. They will come looking for me as soon as the sun cements.”
Cements? Translation malfunction?
“You mean sets? The sun sets.”
“Yes,” her head tilted to one side, “when the sun disappears below the horizon.”
“Sunset, yes,” I felt my cheeks bunch into a smile. “Okay, I’ll do better than keep him from chasing you. I’ve got the perfect plan.”
Her face beamed in a full smile. “What?”
“What was it you said to me when we first met? You were scary angry, fierce and yelling at me … kata-something?”
“Kata-kolo, kata-kolo.”
 “Yes, that’s it. What were you saying?”
“Rough meaning … I kill you. I kill you.” Shumbalic’s cheeks crimped and she looked embarrassed, if I was interpreting Zikalic face expressions correctly.
“Perfect. Let me carry you out of this hole, take you to the trees, and then I’ll call Shawz. When he comes over, do your kata-thing again, and let’s see those red eyes,” I couldn’t help the smile broaden across my face. “Even through my shirt cloth, it will do the trick.”
“I cannot just make them go red.”
“Well, what if I remind you that Shawz will kill you if he has half a chance?”
“Okay,” she said coyly, “it will not be too difficult.”
“Then push me and go berserk, I’ll run at Shawz urging him to flee. I’ll make sure he runs all the way back to camp!”
“Good plan,” she lingered for a moment, “but what does go berserk mean?”
“Sorry, it means to go crazy, go wild.”
Shumbalic nodded. “I can go berserk.”
“Yes, I’ve seen it.” I couldn’t contain my grin.
Her mouth turned up at the edges for an instant before giving way to a sober expression as she exhaled. “I will not see you again until I come. I am not sure when, but sometime soon ... in the dark of the night.”
“Yes,” I breathed, my chest tightening with the tension, “let’s hope I don’t scream.” I meant it as a joke, but a frightened yell wasn’t beyond me.
“I will be careful,” she touched my shoulder again. I now noticed how warm it felt.
“That’s comforting,” I raised my eyebrows and smiled playfully.
We are friends.
She sighed. “Rist.”
“Yes?”
“Thank you ... so many thanks to you,” she said, her eyes glowing green.
“No, thank you,” I put my hand on her shoulder; it felt sturdy and sinewy, “my people are doomed without your help.”
“Let us do this then.” She pulled the bandanna over her eyes.
I picked her up carefully, but still nearly lost my balance. Planting my right knee against the side of the hole to steady myself, I was amazed at how lightweight her lissom upper body felt. It seemed that the bulk of her weight lay in her strong arms and powerful legs.
No wonder they cruise at such remarkable speed.
With some difficulty, I climbed out of the hole and hastily looked around for her rumbala-dart on the ground. Where is that thing? There was no time for a proper search even though I was sure I knew where I had left it. Never mind! Muscles tight with tension, I carried Shumbalic to the trees some ten strides from the pit, just as I caught sight of Shawz standing to his feet, making his way tentatively towards us.
“Ristan, what’s going on?” His arrow pointed at Shumbalic.
“Its legs are badly hurt; I want to see if she … it can hold itself up with her … er, I mean, its arms,” I rambled. Trying to refer to Shumbalic as an it was now impossible.
“Is that wise?” he asked, lowering his bow.
“She’s badly hurt, come help me.”
“She?” His voice pitched north of befuddlement.
Geez!
“Come help!” I blurted out hoping to quench any further questions.
His dark, ruffled eyebrows arched into a question on his rotund face before he coughed it out. “Are you sure, dude?”
“Yes, please help! She’s getting heavy,” I said as I heard Shumbalic mumbling to herself under her breath.
Psyching yourself up? Go big, girl!
Just as Shawz put down his bow, I whispered to Shumbalic, “Now!”
With a good grip on a tree branch with her right hand, she lightly pushed me away with her left. I fell backwards over dramatising the shove. But what happened next sent a shiver down my spine and made my hair stand up on end … and I was expecting it.
Shumbalic’s feminine beauty dissolved and in its place morphed a monster. Her green eyes turned purple and then a fiery red; her soft, gentle features gave way to a hideous, terrifying form. And the bandanna did very little to conceal any of it.
“Kata-kolo-kata-kolo-kete-kete!”
“Run! Shawz, run!” He didn’t need any encouragement. His hysterical scream dwarfed my fake attempts even though I gave my best impression of terror. I ran hard behind him, making sure that every time his panic abated for a second, I filled him with another injection of fear. “Run … run for your life!”
And he did. We ran like men possessed, all the way back to camp.
Perhaps it wasn’t the smartest thing to do. We left his bow where he dropped it, and he shed the quiver and arrows on the route back. And the noise we made could have alerted every predator in Eden.
Bursting into camp huffing and puffing, I knew my acting skills would be taxed. Shawz, of course, didn’t need to act.
“It went freaking wild ... mad ... gag-crazy, dude,” he tried to explain to Ruzzell as he gasped for air, “red eyes, it looked like a ... I ... I don’t know, a demon ... I thought it was going to eat us.”
“Yes, yes,” said Dixan, “that’s what I saw, the first time.”
“Tricked me,” I said, sucking in air, “It tricked me ... with those soft green eyes.” I had to use all my wits to call Shumbalic an it.
“Where is it? Just tell me you didn’t lose the devil,” said Ruzzell, his face strained, his eyebrows compressed together. He clicked his knuckles so loudly I fought off a shiver.
“It’s gone, Ruzz,” said Shawz. “Well … it was in a tree when we ran for our lives ... we had to ... my bow ... where’s my bow?”
“You dumped it,” I said panting, “but we had to run for—”
“It got away!” Ruzzell seethed; his fists clenched, and his eyebrows pinched into one thick line framing his wild eyes. “It got out the hole ... how?”
“I picked it up. I had to get it out of the hole,” I said, feigning exhaustion and terror; my shoulders hunched and my hands on my hips. I was aware that the whole clan had now gathered around us.
“How did it get to the trees?” Ruzzell clicked his knuckles again; this time, torturing each and every knuckle joint one after the other.
Geez, does he ever quit!
“It jumped,” I said, answering quickly, before Shawz could catch his breath and explain.
“Arggghhhh!” screamed Ruzzell, kicking the ground before shoving Shawz over into the dirt. “Stupid! Stupid! I give you a simple freaking job and you stuff it up!”
“I’m sorry,” said Shawz, lying where he fell. “I told you not to leave me on my own. I was so scared—”
“And you!” Ruzzell snapped at me. “You’ve got three seconds to convince me you didn’t plan this.” He stood over me and jabbed my forehead with his finger.
I stood up straight and defiant. “What? Plan it? Ask Shawz, the thing went mad ... crazy ... demented ... what could we have done?”
“Those eyes—” Shawz still looked traumatised.
“Villain!” roared Ruzzell, his nostrils flaring. “You said it was hurt bad. Bleeding or something. How could it leap into the trees, huh?”
“I fixed her ... it,” I said. “It was trapped, impaled by a spike I had—”
“Yes, it was bleeding bad, hey?” Ruzzell cut me off, his anger giving way briefly to reflection. “Can we track it, hunt it down?”
“No,” I said quickly, “I stopped the blood flow. Plus, she’s long gone by now.”
There have been a few times in my life when I’ve said a word I knew I would later regret, but as that three-lettered pronoun slipped out of my mouth, I knew I’d blown my cover. My game was up.
“She?” asked Judd, always observant; his question was plainly an innocent enquiry, without malice intent. No doubt, he and the others, having missed out on the showdown pitch-side of the trap, were now brought up to speed.
“She?!” Ruzzell’s eyes widened as his chest inflated with lungs full of air.
“Yes, Rist called it a she when he put it in the tree,” said Shawz, having a lucid moment at the wrong time.
“She, he, it, whatever,” I tried to recover the situation. “I just meant it would already be long—”
“And I think he was talking to it,” said Shawz as he plucked at his chin fluff.
Now the dimwit gets smart?
“What? Do you think I talk them language?” I was floundering.
“You spoke to it?” Nadalie couldn’t keep her curiosity in check. The bewildered expression on her face told me that she was starting to entertain possible doubts about me.
“Where’s your shirt?” asked Jordin. I had totally forgotten I was shirtless. With ten pairs of eyeballs glaring, glued on me, I suddenly felt self-conscious.
“You called it a she!” Ruzzell was beside himself, his cogitation on Shawz and my choice of words coalescing into a sudden moment of whiplash awakening. “And put it in the freaking tree?!” He scratched his fuzzy cheeks with both hands, so hard that a jagged nail on his left hand tore the skin just below his left eye. He stepped towards me. “Villain! You freaking little punk—”
“Okay!” I raised my voice, snapping the escalating inquest as a trickle of blood ran down Ruzzell’s face. “This is what happened. The creature was going wild when Dixan and I found it. Talking to it seemed to calm the thing down. She ... er, he, it was suffering. You know me; I took pity on the thing. I used my shirt to bandage the creature’s leg. I guess the thing let me help until it was strong enough to take us on ... and we bolted when it started going barmy again.”
Ruzzell growled. I literally heard his teeth grind. I clenched my fists tightly at my sides and braced myself. His nostrils broadened in an equine flutter, and he hawked phlegm into his mouth before gobbing the wad on the ground.
Here goes. I prepared myself after shedding a shiver of disgust.
But to my astonishment, the showdown didn’t happen. Instead, with a stone-faced glare and white-knuckled paws pressed into his paunch, he stomped off.
Huh?
After a brief and awkward moment of confusion, and more than a few sceptical looks cast my way, everyone cleared out without saying a word—returning to whatever they were doing before Shawz and I had kicked up all the commotion. I knew it wasn’t over, certainly not as far as Ruzzell was concerned.
But why didn’t he clobber me? Why did he let me off?


Chapter 25

It seemed I had done just about enough to keep them from lynching me on the spot. However, I knew I had lost the confidence of my clan. So be it. After all, I did defend one of them. I knew I couldn’t even begin to explain the bigger picture.
The rest of the afternoon was beyond awkward and tense. Unpleasant. Besides Ruzzell hyping up his minions with the final plans for their trip the next day, there was a stilted hush around camp. I certainly didn’t blame everyone for keeping their distance, although I did hope that with Ruzzell away tomorrow, the rest of us could talk. I knew I couldn’t say much, but I did want to alleviate a few concerns that my friends might have.
The chances of that happening decreased to about zero when Judd found his voice, catching me alone for a very brief and blunt heart-to-heart.
“Ristan,” his face screwed up with patent repulsion, “don’t speak to me again. Seriously, I don’t understand what you did, and I seriously don’t care. I’m so tired of your heroics. Seriously. Don’t talk to me again, ever!”
I didn’t know what to say, and though I was tempted to ask him if he was seriously serious about how serious he was; I probably made the right decision by not saying a word.
Gellica was kinder but still pointed when she pulled me aside just before dark fell. “Rist,” she asked, “you’re not telling us everything, are you?” I could see the concern in her eyes, and it poked deeply and painfully at my soft centre.
“No, I’m not,” I admitted with a heavy heart. “I’m sorry I can’t say more, but please trust me.”
“You saved or helped, or whatever you did, one of them, Rist,” she called me out. “Can you understand why the clan is finding it a little difficult to trust you?”
“I do, Gellica,” I felt my Adam’s apple ache. There was so much I wanted to say, but couldn’t. “I really do. But it doesn’t mean I did the wrong thing. I’ve always put others first, and that’s not going to change. You know me.”
Gellica’s brow creased with worry lines and her beautiful eyes dulled. “Just be careful, Rist. Please.”

***

I fell asleep easily but woke soon thereafter, and endured a restless night from that point on. Every jungle sound seemed magnified. My every sense heightened by the underlying tension I harboured. I didn’t know how I was going to keep my nerve when Shumbalic interrupted my nightmare-loaded sleep.
Between bouts of slumber, and the usual haunting images of Earth’s final medley of horrors, I ran through the events of the last few days. So much had happened and I struggled to process my emotions. My awakened feelings for Gellica; my utter disappointment with Judd’s attitude; the shame of my public sentence; the weight of the burden Scott shared; the disturbing threat Dylain and Ruzzell posed; and now, the clan’s distrust. Jumbled, muddled thoughts.
More than anything, my mixed feelings about them … ranging from ten years of burning, seething hatred to a bizarre, inexplicable compassion for one of them. Before I could even begin to unravel this thought, the possibility that Monix could be alive flooded my mind. Was she okay? What had she endured? How do I feel about her? I just couldn’t sort my thoughts and feelings out. I was overwhelmed, inundated. Besieged.
Over a decade on Eden, I had steadily and systematically learnt to shut down my emotions, learning to live and survive on raw instinct. Trying to make sense of the emotions that now swamped me, left me feeling suffocated. With the huge pressure bearing down upon my chest, I straightened my posture to free my lungs and gasped for air.
I looked up at the dark jungle canopy overhead. The ink-black silhouette of thick branches above me coiled and twirled together like a frightening knot of snakes. In my first few weeks on Eden, I’d often mistake them for a nest of Serpents in the dark of night. However, over the years, what used to terrify me became strangely comforting; the interlocking branches came to resemble two guardian hands with strong fingers intertwined—a protective shield over me. This was my ‘home’ after all, and ‘home’ usually had a way of calming the mind. Yet, not this night. Tonight, comfort and calmness were beyond my grasp.
I obviously fell into a deep sleep at some point because when I woke up and climbed down from my sleeping perch, Ruzzell and his cronies had already left. He hadn’t said a word to me since storming off the day before, and I didn’t know what he was scheming. That I would be a topic of discussion at his ‘meeting’ was as guaranteed as a Hog’s breath was foul.
I looked around the camp. Unsettlingly quiet. The girls were doing something along the river bank; probably washing their clothes. Jordin sat with his head folded on his arms at Base Stump. There was no one else around.
“Hey, Jordi. Are you okay?” I asked as I walked over to him.
“You’re awake at last,” he said with a huff, looking up; his eyes red and puffy, his cheeks blotchy.
I didn’t bother probing; I knew he’d lie to me again. “So, where’s everyone? Where’s Judd and—”
 “Judd and Dixan…”—he wiped his nose with the back of his hand—“…joined Ruzzell and his gang.”
“What?” My blood went cold. “They went with Ruzzell?” I was floored.
“Yes, Ruzzell invited them to be interns, too.”
“Judd? Dix?” I was hoping he was having me on, even though I knew Jordin wasn’t capable of such jest. Man! My actions yesterday had pushed Judd and Dixan straight into Ruzzell’s grip.
Surely they wouldn’t—?
“But obviously not me … Ruzzell hates me,” sulked Jordin; his cheeks splotched again, and he rubbed his red-rimmed eyes as they began to water.
“You and me both, Jordi.”
Jordin didn’t look interested in my attempt to sympathise with him. “Ruzzell said we must go find the bow Shawz lost.” And then his voice dropped to a low murmur. “Oh, and he told me to tell you, Your days are numbered.”

***

The remainder of the day wound down in painful, mind-numbing tedium. In complete silence, Jordi and I retrieved the bow and arrows Shawz had littered the jungle with during his panic-fuelled dash. Jordin didn’t say a word, and I wasn’t going to try to force him to make small talk. I knew if Ruzzell asked him to join his little mob, he’d do so in a heartbeat. Just how far and how fast my stock had plummeted within the clan disturbed me. The force was definitely not with me.
Nice one, genius!
In a twist of spine-tingling satire, a Hog had found a way to fall into our trap even though I hadn’t replaced the covering foliage. Since I’d removed the spikes, it was still very much alive but had worn itself out trying to scale the hole. Hearing us approach, the dumb creature hefted itself to its feet, snuffled the air and grunted brainlessly, before plonking down again exhausted.
It made for a grisly sight.
The Hog had ripped apart the claws on its front feet in its desperate but vain attempts to escape, tearing the soft pads beneath its feet to shreds. And it had worn the top of its head bald, evidently in fear or pain; sporting now, a scab-encrusted scalp. I felt an instant pang of guilt for its unnecessary suffering. Putting it out of its misery was all that pressed me now.
It made for an easy kill, so I asked Jordin if he wanted to do the honours.
Useless with the bow, even Jordin could kill a worn-out, captive Hog. Even though he regularly pleaded to be allowed to hunt, and was always declined, he snubbed the opportunity this time with a groan. A personal snub perhaps. He did seem afraid of coming anywhere near the pit. Shawz and Dixan’s frightening description of Shumbalic, possibly another reason he spurned the chance.
After killing the petrified creature, I jumped into the hole to retrieve it. Being back in the pit, where my actions the day before had cast a doubtful shadow over my character, felt surreal. Did I really defend one of them against my clan, the enemy against my family? Was I totally deceived? The choices we make. I couldn’t blame Judd or Dixan or Jordin or any of the others. I’d have misgivings about me if I wasn’t me.
After getting back to camp, and skinning and gutting the Hog, I speared it on the spit over the fire the girls had freshly stoked. During lunch, amid an eerie silence, we ate without a word being shared. I would have loved to know what Gellica and Nadalie were thinking, but I dared not ask. I knew they’d have questions that I couldn’t answer yet.
A much-welcomed breeze swirled through the camp, stirring the lazy, dangling leaves above us to life, helping to dispel some of the midday jungle heat. When the others left after lunch to engage with their planned afternoon activities, I watched the sunlight probing through a natural window in the jungle canopy shift and wane, and the shadows respond to its prying. It was my haven of calm, chance to take a long, loaded breath; a lull before the storm to come.
The return of the gang a couple of hours before sundown was unnerving; ungluing actually. The first headwinds before a tempest in the offering. Ruzzell and the younger guys were unruly and bombastic. Clearly, they planned to keep mum on the exploits of their day, but they sure wanted us to know they had secrets to keep. While Gellica, Nadalie, Jordin and I were on the end of boisterous disdain—we weren’t part of the gang, and they wanted us to know it—haughty looks and sneering half comments were reserved for me alone. To be fair, Judd, and to a lesser extent Dixan, looked uncomfortable with the juvenile bravado on display.
I was grateful for the excuse of nightfall to escape up my tree. And it goes without saying, there weren’t too many times over the last decade that I looked forward to nighttime.
“You can run but you can’t hide, Villain!” Ruzzell bellowed after me, with enough attendant bile to poison an adult Hog—the first words he had spoken to me directly since yesterday’s episode. “Your traitorous actions are now public knowledge!” The howls of laughter that followed seemed forced but the apprehension I felt was not.
I strapped myself up for the night, and peered through a gap in the foliage cover above my head through which I could see the pale silver moon in a starless sky.
While Eden had only one moon, it seemed that it may have had a second. Forming a thin ring of debris around the planet, the alleged remains of Eden’s second moon were most evident during summer at full moon when the night sky appeared encircled by a necklace of pearls. Breathtaking. In those infrequent moments, the brilliant radiance that illuminated the darkness meant that those were the only nights during the year when we could be sure they would not attack. Given that the middle of summer was scorching hot, and we were forced to hide from the sun’s scalding rays—often trapped in the shade of our trees, numbed with boredom and covered in a perpetual layer of perspiration—those nights of spectacular beauty and wonder were a cherished highlight. And there were far too few on this damnable planet.
Tonight, however, the insipid light of a waning moon meant it was even darker than usual. In a goading conflict of two minds, as a bead of nervous sweat slipped down the small of my back, I heard myself mutter, “Please come tonight, Shumbalic.”
Even though I was scared stiff that my desire might actually be fulfilled.

Chapter 26

Another dream. A nightmare with a twist. Terrible but inspiring. Tragic yet rousing. A memory so clear, disturbingly vivid.
Seven of us digging a Hog trap in an open area of the jungle. The Sabre bursting through the surrounding bush, taking us by complete surprise. Pouncing on Colby, Judd’s father. Dad shoving Judd and me out of the way, herding us into the hole. And two other young ones.
Dad and Burt’s arrows bouncing off the Sabre as it mauled Judd’s father.
Colby’s silent courage as it ripped chunks from him. Not wanting to fill our nights with more terror than necessary.
Judd, frozen in terror.
Dad’s heroic decision when the Sabre came for the rest of us … bored with Colby’s limp, mutilated body.
Baiting the monster, Dad steered it away from the hole.
Drawing the creature away from us.
His last words: “Burt! Get the kids up a tree.”
Then his luring dash to drag the beast after him. Back into the dense foliage.
The jungle swallowing whole my father, and the beast.
The spine-chilling roar of the monster. Not a peep from Dad.
Pushed up a tree. Told to climb. High!
My shock, my pounding heart. My parched throat.
Out of breath. My tears. The horror.
The long wait. Enduring the beast’s return.
Covered in sticky, crimson red—the blood of our fathers.
Its crude attempts to shake us down from the tree we’d climbed.
Snarling and slobbering, gnashing its teeth. Goring the tree with its blood-soaked horn; slashing the bark with its razor-sharp claws.
All in vain.
Watching it disappear from sight; too scared to breathe.
Then painstakingly waiting for Burt’s all clear. Thirty minutes that felt like thirty years.
Knowing the inevitable.
I didn’t even get to say goodbye.
A father’s courage. A son’s heartbreak.

***

I woke up with a shocking fright. Even if I wanted to scream I couldn’t. An enormous presence was on top of me, engulfing me. My mouth, sealed shut by a monstrous hand. The bluish-purple eyes, dulled by a face visor, were all I could see in the pitch darkness of a starless night. I thought certain death was to follow.
“I am Miltredic,” breathed the deepest voice I had ever heard; a resonance that seemed to reverberate straight through me. In a whisper, he announced: “Father of Shumbalic.”
Even the mention of Shumbalic brought scant consolation. Why isn’t she here? I knew my life was in my enemy’s grip, literally. One twist of his huge, powerful hands and my neck would snap right off.
“We go now,” his voice was commanding and firm. Like I have a choice. He undid my straps, how he managed with one gigantic hand; I wasn’t sure. Then he carried me off like a doll, his hand still covering my mouth. I couldn’t contain the tremble that racked my body.
Without a sound, we flew through the tree tops. Not once did I strike a branch or even brush a bough; I was in both the safest and most dangerous place at the same time.
Only when we were well away from camp did he stop and perch me in a high tree, his right hand holding me secure. Without warning, he turned on a lambent purple light attached to his chest-wear; it was then that I caught a glimpse of his imposing physique for the first time. I sucked in air through my teeth as I felt my toes curl up.
The male Zikalic was a little over five feet tall, a fair bit shorter than I was, and his lithe body was slim, tightened perhaps by his full-body rubber suit that looked like a wetsuit in the low light. However, his form was so, so intimidating; I didn’t have time to marvel at the glowing, burnished crystal, the first powered light I’d seen since the Ark.
His arms and legs looked like they belonged to a creature twice his size; his hands were huge, like a baseball mitt I once owned. And of course, he didn’t have just two hands, but four … instead of feet; he had a massive second pair of hands, very much like the apes on planet Earth. To describe him as an ape, however, would be to paint a very misleading picture. There was even a pleasant, aromatic scent that accompanied him.
Yet even more daunting than his limbs was his head—twice the size of mine; his ears, enormous. Giving a whole new meaning to the phrase ‘wing nut.’ In contrast to the adolescent Shumbalic, a full-grown Zikalic seemed shaped out of all proportions. While Shumbalic would certainly grow a little taller, it appeared that her development into full adulthood would primarily serve to enlarge her head and limbs—at least, if her father was anything to go on. I shivered at the thought of a berserk, red-eyed adult in full battle cry.
It only then occurred to me that he might be looking me up-and-down too, although the face visor covering his eyes, nose and mouth, made it difficult for me to know for sure. How puny must I seem to you? I could hear my heart pound and fought hard to keep my trembling in check.
Have I ever been this scared and intrigued at the same time?
In dreadful slow-motion, maybe to ease me into it gradually, he raised his left hand to his head and lifted the visor from his face. I hardly noticed his gigantic nose and impossibly-wide mouth because of his eyes; otherwise, I might have recoiled from him.
His eyes were beautiful. They were a dazzling electric blue with a hint of purple. The male’s eyes turn blue not green. And it only dawned on me then that he was glad to see me or, at the very least, a little fascinated. I tried to stir up some feeling of hatred for him. Surely, I hate him? For some reason, however, I could not find a trace of spite or malice despite stockpiling the stuff for a decade.
As I wrestled to keep my composure, his right hand still holding me steady while I secured myself properly on the high branch that he graced with ease, the words that came out of his mouth were not the words I was expecting.
“Brave Rist, it is a pleasure to meet you.” As grotesque as he looked, his kind words, astonishing eyes and gentle expression somehow made his face charming.
Just about.
I guess I was staring, confounded by my own feelings as much as by his extraordinary appearance, since I was caught out again by his next words.
“You are only the second human to see an adult Zikalic,” he said warmly as a smile split his face from ear to ear. “We are most impressive, yes?”
I could only nod. His teeth were white, straight, and very human-like; they weren’t the teeth of a vicious carnivore.
So, he’s probably not going to bite my head off.
“You humans have such undeveloped features,” he continued making small talk, “so like our children.”
He is checking me out.
“Sorry,” I forced myself to find my nerve. “I’m so rude—”
“Take your time.” His voice resounded in my ears.
“I’m Rist … Ristan Abel,” I said foolishly, my voice coming out in rasps.
“Greetings, Ristan Abel,” his grin seemed to deepen. “I am Miltredic, father of Shumbalic, one of the Chiefs of the Zikalic people … and I am in your debt.”
“Pardon?” I could feel my eyes widen trying to digest his words. “My debt?”
His eyes sparkled, and he steepled his incredibly large hands under his chin. “You saved the life of my daughter. I will be forever in your debt.”
“It-it was nothing.”
“You are mistaken,” his voice was sonorous and authoritative. “We have slaughtered your people. No one would have blamed you if you had killed Shumbalic … or even left her to bleed to death. Yet you chose not to. What is more, you protected her from certain death at the hands of your people.”
“I … I…” Even now, it sounded like betrayal not courage. “I…”
“You are a better … how would you say it? … a better man than me.” His mouth twisted into a surprised smile, seemingly amused at his own use of the word ‘man.’
My shoulders slumped. “How do you know I’m not a coward or … or…?” My words trailed into the darkness.
“Are you?”
“Um…”—I swear; he can see into me—“…no; I don’t think so, but how—?”
“Rist,” his deep, guttural voice was overwhelming. “You are both brave and humble. I salute you.”
Still shaking, I grabbed the corner of my pants to stop the tremor in my hands. A creature that literally held my life in its giant hands was paying me a vast compliment I didn’t deserve, or even understand. I was lost for words.
“Come, we must head north and speak to your leader, Scott.”
“S-s-sorry,” I stuttered, “but … where’s Shumbalic?”
For a split second, a drop of grey splashed into the vast blue of his eyes, and then; it was gone again. “She was too weak to travel so soon after her return.”
“Is she okay?” My concern gushed out.
“She lost a lot of blood … if you did not know what you were doing in applying her bandages, she would have died. I believe you used your own shirt?”
I gulped hard and nodded. “But she’s okay?”
“Yes, Rist. My daughter…”—his voice was tender and affectionate— “…made it back to our territory in the valleys, but only just. We thought she might lose her leg, but most thankfully, she is recovering. Her vision was also damaged, but we think she should regain full sight soon.”
I breathed a sigh of relief, surprised at how pleased I was. “Sorry for all the questions … but you mentioned I’m only the second human to see an adult Zikalic?”
“Yes, we have only used our young warriors against your people, and because we move under the cover of darkness, the humans are unaware of what we look like. But recently, our Head Chief revealed himself to one of your kind. Or at least, he sent an emissary to meet him. To a spineless human who has betrayed your people. To the one, you call Dylain Rogers.”
My stomach sank; I felt light-headed. Even though Shumbalic had already told me this, now that her father confirmed it, the gravity of the threat hit home. Until now, my encounter with Shumbalic had felt dreamy, otherworldly. Face to face with the cold truth, I came crashing down to a harsh, grim reality. Our predicament was frighteningly real. Alarming. My whole body twitched as the trembles took hold again.
“Any more questions?” he asked.
I shook my head, my brain blank.
“Then, let us go. Time is not our friend.”


Chapter 27

We made the trip to Scott’s dwelling, the first camp north of main camp, in unbelievable speed. Zikalic express.
Sailing through the tree tops high above the thick bush that we, as humans, had to sludge through; we covered the seven treks, in my estimation, in less than half an hour. Travelling in silence, Miltredic used all his concentration to grip branches solid enough to hold our combined weight; his hands and dexterous feet working deftly to swing us from tree to tree. Teeth gritted; the muscles in my neck coiled tight—I used all my wits to stay saddled on his back, hanging on for dear life, my arms locked diagonally around his neck and chest. In the dark, I could see very little as branch and vine and leaf whipped past my head. He didn’t share any of my limitations. During the entire journey, I never heard him short of breath. He was the supreme athlete.
How could we ever defeat an army of these?
We stopped about fifty strides from Scott’s camp. Miltredic positioned me halfway up a tower of a tree, making sure I was steady. He removed his visor, which I now realised was not just a sunscreen, but also shielded his face from loose foliage that might puncture the eyes at high speed. Turning on the luminous purple light on his chest, he seemed to peer straight into me. Somehow, I was already familiar with his abnormally large features.
“You must stay here,” he said, as he fiddled with a dial on a device strapped to his wrist. My blood went cold.
Rumbala! The device that launches the dart!
“No! Please don’t hurt him!” The words spilled out in a sudden torrent of panic and paranoia.
“Rist, I will not harm him.” Miltredic’s calm tone and reposed aura put me at ease. Somewhat. “I need to put him to sleep and bring him to you. If I wake him as I woke you, he might have a heart attack.”
“But…”—still confused by Zika-weaponry, and only now conscious that he didn’t seem to have a gun, I had to ask—“…but your weapon, the dart?”
“We can set the required dose. The dose I have set is simply to stun him. He will feel no pain. You have nothing to fear.”
I had no choice either, but I knew better than to argue with him. He turned off the light; darkness enclosed us, and he was gone. Realising how absolutely at his mercy we were, I felt such contrasting emotions writhe and wriggle in the pit of my stomach. In one breath, complete hopelessness, totally dependent on the will of this killing machine. In the next, I felt hopeful; because of Miltredic’s kindness, perhaps we had a chance.

***

He wasn’t away for long … but it felt as though an age had eclipsed. I wondered what words I could use to explain myself to Scott. What if he didn’t believe me, or trust Miltredic? What if he considered what I had done an act of betrayal, like my clan had concluded? I didn’t have time to finish this punishing train of thought. Although I didn’t even hear him return, I sensed him. Smelled him—yes, that intriguing trace of fragrant scent emanating from him.
Geez! He must think I stink!
Ever so quietly and gently, defying his brutish form and Scott’s bulk, Miltredic placed a drugged Mzee on the branch next to me, and though it was dark, I could see enough to know that Miltredic had secured him with a piece of rope. Where he had kept it during our trip, I couldn’t tell. A second later, he put something in my hand, and I realised it was the small, polished crystal, unclipped from his chest-wear.
“Scott will regain consciousness in a few minutes. He will be faint and groggy at first. You will have to keep him calm. When he has come around, tap the jewel, and the light will turn on. Once you think he is ready to meet me, tap the jewel, and it will turn off. I will come and introduce myself in the dark to avoid scaring him. Understand?”
“Yes … yes.” My voice was tight. “What do I say?”
“Only you can answer that question.” And in the blink of an eye, he was gone.
Alrighty then. Here goes.
I waited for Scott to stir. I waited and waited some more. Every jungle sound seemed twenty times louder than usual, and I felt panic grab me by the throat. A heavy drop of perspiration ran down the nape of my neck and tickled my back. What if he screams? I wasn’t sure we were far away enough from his sleeping clan members.
Woozily, Scott began to come to his senses. My muscles tensed. It was pitch dark but sitting right next to him, I hoped to reassure him instantly. He coughed and mumbled something.
“Scott, it’s me,” I whispered. “Rist … Ristan Abel.”
“What?” he said puzzled, before breaking into a coughing fit.
I held my breath. “Scott, it’s Rist … me … Ristan. I’ll explain everything.”
“Ristan? What are you doing here? How…?” Panicked, he gripped the branch below him as it dawned on him that he was no longer in his own tree. “What? How?”
“Scott, you’re fine…”—I put my hand on his shoulder hoping to dispel his fears—“…it’s me, Ristan.”
Exhaling deeply but unhurriedly, Scott reached out and touched my face, his hand immediately felt for the scar across my cheek. “Ristan,” his voice was measured. “How?”
“It’s a long story,” the words juddered out; I felt short of breath. “First, are you okay?”
“I think you’re the only one who can answer that question.”
“Yes, yes … you are.” The darkness hid the nervous half-smile that curled on my face. His answer was so like Miltredic’s reply earlier. “I’m going to turn on a light. Is that okay with you?”
“Turn? Turn on a light … not a flame?”
“Yes,” I said as I tapped the crystal, “a light!” The purple radiance swiftly illuminated my face and his.
“Oh, my word!” he gasped. “How? Ristan, it’s one of theirs. How is it powered?”
I was impressed by how unruffled and composed he was. And how he intuitively knew it was one of theirs. “I don’t know how it’s powered,” I said, “but it’s beautiful, isn’t it?”
“It is … quite beautiful.”
I’m sure he had a million questions rampaging through his head, but he was patient, waiting for me to explain myself. It was then that I noticed a small blood spot on his top, evidently where the dart had pierced his chest.
“Are you in any pain, or discomfort?” I asked.
He scratched at his salt-and-pepper beard. “No, not at all.”
“Scott,” I exhaled so sharply the air burnt my chest. “I’ve got so much to tell you. I’m not sure where to start.”
“The beginning, Ristan. Take your time, and start at the very beginning.”

***

I took my time and explained everything. Just about.
How Ruzzell assumed charge of the clan; how he struck Gellica, pounded on me and assaulted Judd … twice. The wink I saw Dylain give him. Ruzzell’s recruiting … and then finally, what happened in the hole. I struggled with this part, wondering just how much he would disapprove of my actions. And I told him the things that Shumbalic had shared with me: about Xakanic’s extermination plans, and about Dylain’s treachery. I didn’t tell him everything, however … I didn’t mention the favour I asked Shumbalic, or my plan to now introduce him to the Zikalic Chief. Having talked myself out, I couldn’t find the words to explain this part of my hair-brained behaviour.
Scott was patient beyond words. His expression, illuminated by the purple glow, didn’t change at any point, even when I told him that I had saved one of them, and helped her escape. A long, uncomfortable silence engulfed us after my words faded into the darkness.
“Please say something, Scott,” I broke the throbbing silence, my voice trembling.
“My son,” his voice was serene yet unreadable, “give me a moment to take it all in.”
“Okay,” I dug deeper, “but there’s more.”
“Yes,” a small smile played on his lips, “you still have to explain how you got me here, wherever here is.”
“Now … or do you want a minute?” I was second-guessing myself.
“Tell me.”
“Well,” I breathed deeply, the muscles in my neck aching with tension, “we’re only about fifty strides from your camp. I came up from my camp…”
“Alone?” His inflexion remained even. “Through the dark hours?”
“No, not alone. I…” I grasped for words. “I-I had help. The female I rescued, Shumbalic…?”
“Yes?”
My head spun, and my chest clamped taut. “I asked her if she and her father, a Chief among her people, would come and fetch me, so they could meet you … and you know, explain what she told me.”
“And they are here? Close by?”
“Yes … um, no. He is,” I stammered dizzily. “She’s not. Shumbalic was too weak to come, but her father did.”
“And her father, a Chief of our mortal enemies, is here? Close by?”
“Yes.” The word popped out of my mouth, wooden and flat.
“You brought one of our enemies into my camp?”
“Well ... yes.” The idea was sounding more foolish with every passing second. “Oh, gag. Have I made a terrible mistake?” I faltered, and my world whipped into a whorl like a frail, autumn leaf sucked up into a whirlwind.


Chapter 28

“Did you?” Scott shot back immediately.
“Did I?”
Is he testing me?
“Do you think you’ve made a mistake?” His question searched me, but it was void of incrimination. “An error in judgment?”
“I don’t think so,” I said. “No. If he wanted you dead, he wouldn’t need me to draw you out … he could have killed you with ease at any time. He didn’t even need me to direct him here, or to your tree.”
“You trust this … Shumbalic?”
I hesitated. “Yes.”
“You trust her father?”
“Yes.” No hesitation this time.
“Are you confident in your judgment?” he probed.
My confidence waxed. “Yes, I think I am.”
“Think?”
“I am.” My certainty grew through his questions, although it didn’t mean he was persuaded.
“Ristan…”
“Yes, Scott,” my heart hammered so loudly in my chest that I thought I would wake up the entire planet.
“Whatever happens … you have done well. I’m proud of you.”
“Pardon?” I wasn’t sure I had heard correctly.
“You’ve shown remarkable courage. You’ve followed your gut, and for the first time in months, I have real hope.”
I cleared my throat. “Sorry … I’m not following.”
“You’ve thought everything through. You’re right. They could have killed me at any point. In fact, for the longest time that’s what puzzled me. Why keep me alive? I’ve had the most influence among our people, at least, until recently…”—he paused, stalled in thought; I assumed he was referring to Dylain’s rise in power—“…but I’m sure they know that. Why haven’t they killed me yet? Why have they let me live all these years?”
“Why?” I could only echo his question.
He sighed. “I concluded they must be up to something … they plan to kill me at the most opportune time, a moment that suits some plan that they’re working. What the young female told you makes complete sense to me; it fills in all the missing pieces.”
“It does?” I desperately wanted to hear Scott’s perspective.
“Yes, Dylain’s growing confidence, his arrogance, his attempts to undermine and divide. His brash recruiting, his strange reaction to the weed—”
“The weed?”
“Yes, I’ll share with you more on this later, what’s important for now is this: you’ve shown fearless daring at great risk, and you’ve used your noodle, too. And if this, uh, girl and her father are the real deal; they represent our only hope. If they’re not; well, it was just a matter of time before my number was up.”
I puffed out my cheeks. My mouth was so parched, dry as arid sand. “I can’t tell you how relieved I am. You had me thinking I’d set you up.”
“I’m sorry, but I was testing your resolve, my boy,” he said with a warm but weary smile that split his beard with white teeth. “I may not have much time left to get you ready.”
“Ready?” I gulped.
“You’re going to make a fine leader … once we get those penalty-points off your record.”
I felt my eyes crinkle at the corners. “What if I don’t want to be a leader?”
“You already are, my son. If you were clutching after it, you wouldn’t be ready.” Scott’s words imparted courage to my desiccated soul. “Now, introduce me to your friend.”
“One other thing,” I said as I just remembered it.
“Yes?” His longsuffering knew no limits.
“Ruzzell took most of the guys with him to some leadership meeting yesterday.” Despite knowing the answer, I asked the question anyway. “Do you know anything about it?”
“Most of the guys?” Scott knew everyone by name.
“Yes, except Jordin and myself.”
“Even Judd?” he asked. I nodded.
“No, Rist,” he said; a look of disappointment flashed across his face. “I know nothing about this meeting. Dylain has been scheming for some time, but it seems he’s stepping up the pace. Just so you know; we agreed to Ruzzell’s nomination only to keep a better finger on the pulse, to try to keep up with what was happening in your clan. It seems we’re well behind the play, and we’ve drastically underestimated just how far Dylain’s treachery extends. But now,” Scott exhaled pensively, “introduce me to this Chief friend of yours.”
“Are you sure you’re ready?” I wasn’t certain I was.
“Of course, in ten years I’ve never seen our enemy properly, let alone met one. It’s well overdue.”
“Okay,” I sucked air in through my teeth. “I’m supposed to turn off the light, and then he’ll come. He doesn’t want to scare you.” Even as I said it, my mouth jerked into a grin.
“Well, well … a considerate foe.” I caught an affable, matching smile on his wise face as I tapped the light. “Who would’ve thought?”
Instant darkness enveloped us. Startled, we both jumped; it was abruptly frightening, immediately suffocating. Before I could say a word, I sensed his foreboding presence and caught his redolent odour. I heard Scott gasp softly, unmistakably sensing him, too. Miltredic had not made a noise, but I knew he sat on a branch parallel to ours, a stride away.
“Hello, Scott. I am Miltredic,” hummed his deep, resonating voice. “Don’t fear. I come in peace. Your enemy is my enemy.”
After a nervous chuckle under his breath, Scott found his voice: “That’s good to know, Miltredic. I am glad to meet you finally, and I am at your mercy. Ristan, can you turn on that light again?”
“Uh-huh,” I said short of breath as I tapped the crystal.
Instantly, the striking form of Miltredic was apparent, even though it seemed that he tried to make himself appear less daunting. The visor off his face, he wore a sincere, conciliatory smile. His eyes sparkled a thrilling blue.
“Oh, wow!” I heard Scott say aloud. “Oh, my ... wow.” He put his hands to his chin in instinctive petition. And then he exhaled sharply.
“Among my people,” said Miltredic, not allowing any tension to settle, “we greet each other by placing our right hand on the chest of another. Like this…” He placed his enormous hand on Scott’s broad chest. Yet it made Scott seem small. “And we say, Peratuka. Pronounced: Pe-ra-tu-ka. The greeting comes from two words. Peratu, pronounced Peraa-tu, meaning ‘heart,’ what is inside me. My essence. Tukame, pronounced Tu-kame, means, ‘to touch or connect.’ Peratuka, Scott. My heart touches with yours.”
“You … you speak our language,” Scott gasped, the full realisation startling him. “So, so perfectly?”
“Yes,” replied Miltredic with his hand still upon on Scott’s chest.
Scott swallowed hard; bravely raising his hand and placing it onto Miltredic’s chest. “Like this?”
“Yes, perfect!”
“Peratuka, Miltredic. My hearts touches with yours,” smiled Scott in astonished awe. “And I guess we have a lot to catch up on.” My heart swelled with pride for this dear man. He was so valiant, so courageous.
“Yes, we do. Are you all comfortable? Anyone thirsty?” asked Miltredic.
“Yes, thirsty,” I said raising my hand foolishly like a kid in a classroom, “and nervous, my throat is as dry as a bone.” It was no exaggeration; my tongue stuck to the roof of my mouth.
“Here,” Miltredic offered me a leather pouch filled with water. “And pass it to Scott, if he is thirsty. I am also nervous, so I will drink after you, Scott.” Miltredic’s grin was endearing, and his attempts to reassure us most welcomed.
Scott chuckled. “I like you already.”
As I threw back a mouthful of water, Miltredic began to explain in full what Shumbalic had only shared in brief. Xakanic, the Head Chief of the Zikalic, was bent on playing with us until we tore each other part, or until he fed us to the beasts in his arena. He was deceiving Dylain into being his puppet to get the show into full swing. And once he’d served Xakanic’s purpose; Dylain would die at the mad tyrant’s hand.
“Even if the Wolf sound like good company, it’s foolish to join them for a meal,” Scott muttered one of his proverbs out aloud.
“What was that?” asked Miltredic.
“Sorry, just a saying we have. Miltredic,” asked Scott, serious and sober, “when am I supposed to die?”
“You are a brave man, Scott,” said Miltredic, his eyes shimmering and his voice swollen with admiration, “and you have worked us out correctly. Xakanic plans to kill you at the climax of the civil war he hopes to bring down upon your people.”
“Why did Victor die? Do you know who Vic—?”
“Yes, I did,” Miltredic broke in gently. “We know everything about you.”
“Why did he die?” Scott again measured his tone. “He was a very influential man, and like me, I wondered why he wasn’t killed earlier. Then he was killed shortly after vehemently opposing Dylain’s appointment…”—this time his voice fluttered—“…the timing? It wasn’t a coincidence, was it?”
“No, it was not. You have again pieced it together,” Miltredic said, steepling his fingers under his chin. “To prove the alliance, Dylain asked Xakanic to eliminate Victor. A request Xakanic was only too willing to indulge.”
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. A hit. Put on Victor by one of us. Sick to my stomach. Anger, red-hot anger. I felt my fingers curl into fists. In the radiant purple glow, it seemed Scott’s facial features went limp and turned pale as his head shook. I had lost a leader; he had lost a dear friend.
Scott cleared his throat, and blinked hard. “But what can we do, Miltredic?”
“I do not know the answer to this. Perhaps look for a way to expose Dylain for the traitor he really is. I have to figure out a way to stop Xakanic. If it comes down to it, I will challenge him.”
“Challenge him?” I asked intrigued.


Chapter 29

“According to our customs,” explained Miltredic, “one of the Chiefs can challenge the Head Chief in a battle to the death. The winner assumes Headship of the Zikalic.”
I was utterly astounded. “And you’d challenge him … for us?”
Miltredic’s voice dropped as his eyes dulled. “Yes, but I would lose, and you would be no better off.”
“You’d lose?” I couldn’t imagine how he could lose a battle.
“You have not seen Xakanic. He is the fiercest, most powerful Head Chief to ever rule the Zikalic. He has destroyed many challengers in the past. He is so brutal, so sadistic. Before killing them, he tortured every challenger … slowly. In the Great Arena, before all the people, he chopped off their…”—he went silent for a glum moment—“…let me just say, no one has challenged him for nine cycles … you refer to them as years.”
I was engrossed. “How long has he ruled?”
“Eighteen cycles, and will rule many, many more.”
“Does he have any weaknesses?” asked Scott tactfully.
“No, and he is loved by the lower classes. He amuses them with the deaths of many so-called traitors and beasts in the arena, and with the promise of the destruction of your species.”
“But you’d challenge him?” I asked unable to contain my fascination and awe.
“If it helped somehow, if it bought favour with my people, I don’t know.” For the first time, Miltredic looked vulnerable, on the verge of doubt.
“Hmm. No weakness?” Scott muttered rhetorically. I could see he was probing, pondering.
“Actually,” said Miltredic, “he does have one weakness, a flaw inherent to my people, the Zikalic.”
“Yes?” I couldn’t help myself.
“Arrogance … we are supremely arrogant, a self-conceited people, and Xakanic has turned it into an art form.”
“Arrogance?” Scott was thinking hard.
“I’ve noticed your people; some of them pray,” Miltredic eyes visibly widened as he reflected, “you talk to a … what you call? … a God. A Creator? It gives you hope outside yourselves. Beyond your own capabilities. You have what I think is a healthy distrust in yourselves and … how you say? … a reliance, a faith that fosters humility of character, a strength of resolve. That gives you hope. But not us. The Zikalic have never had a faith like this. We assume we have always existed, ruling this planet as gods, subjecting all its creatures to our desires.”
A soft squeak escaped my mouth, amazed at his mastery of our language. My cheeks flushed instantly, but Scott’s musings saved my embarrassment.
“No faith base, ever?” he wondered out loud.
“It means we are soulless, empty creatures … amused by petty things.” He almost spat out the words.
“Our species is capable of the same self-reliance and blind arrogance as yours,” said Scott sadly. “It destroyed our planet. Now, in brokenness and great desperation, I think many of us have recognised our need for something beyond … or outside ourselves.”
Miltredic nodded his head with remarkable understanding. “We have never had this brokenness you speak of. Not yet anyway…” His voice tailed away.
“Can I ask you something, Miltredic?” asked Scott.
“Please, anything,” he said, finding a cordial smile. It was hard to fully grasp just how safe I felt in his company.
“You seem so aware of your people’s limitations, almost disapproving of … of them?”
“Yes,” Miltredic hesitated for a moment in stern deliberation. “I am deeply troubled at the direction my people are headed, Scott. There is goodness in us, but I see it buried under layers of pride and greed and vanity. And we habitually use our potential to exploit and abuse. I am truly concerned about the fate of your people, but I must confess to a hidden agenda.”
“Yes?” Again, the word escaped my lips without my permission.
“Once Xakanic has destroyed your people; I fear he will turn on his own for amusement. I sense he will not stop until he has destroyed everything on this planet to feed his insatiable lust.”
“I’m so sorry,” said Scott putting his hand on Miltredic’s shoulder in a heroic show of compassion. “I understand your discomfort. It seems our species are distressingly similar in this regard. Peratuka: my heart touches with yours.”
“Peratuka, my dear friend,” said Miltredic with heart-warming earnestness, even as a sad ghost of a smile alighted on his face. “It is I who am so, so very sorry.”
“Miltredic,” Scott asked, “please tell me about the weed … the toxic weeds that have started growing along the river?”
“Yes, it is from those weeds that we make the poison for our weapons. While the secret of turning it into a workable toxin is complex, if you eat them, death is certain. Of course, one is not likely to eat them as they look so foul.” Miltredic grimaced. “Xakanic gave the weed-seedlings to Dylain. To plant them over a period of time as a source of poison he could use in his battle against you and the Mzees,” he paused for a pensive moment. “It was yet another way Xakanic could assure Dylain that they had formed a true alliance.”
“But the Mzees know about it,” I said confused. “It was announced at our last Gathering. So…?”
“Yes,” Scott sighed heavily. “Sarah and I found the weed and discovered it was poisonous. We shared our findings at our last meeting together as Mzees, the one preceding the Gathering of the Clans. Dylain volunteered to organise a group to remove any trace of the weed. There was just something about his reaction to our discovery, like he already knew.”
“You are a wise and discerning leader, Scott,” said Miltredic. “You need to find a way to unmask him. I will attempt to secure the confidence of our Chiefs. Time, however, is not on our side.”
“How many Chiefs are there?” Enchanted by the Zikalic, I couldn’t help but ask.
“Twelve Chiefs and one Head Chief, Xakanic,” he replied. “We all fear him, but I think more than half of us would like to see the back of him. However, the only way to see him off; the only way to stop him … he must die at the hand of a Chief.”
“Were there ever other tribes or sentient species on this planet?” asked Scott—using the opportunity afforded to extract as much information as possible.
“The Zikalic have been a warmongering people since antiquity,” explained Miltredic. “Many different awakened species roamed Zika since its dawn—what we call Zarkame, the Great Awakening nearly four thousand cycles ago. But when we discovered the power of the Zika-jewels, the Zarke, we considered ourselves superior to the other species. Eventually, we destroyed every other sentient race on this planet in the Kolo-Kole, the War of Wars, leaving only the peace-loving Tsibi to coexist with us.” Grief seemed to wear into his expression as he paused in deliberation. “Our previous Ruler brought great reform, purging us of barbarianism, maintaining our peace accord with the Tsibi, but Xakanic’s reign has plunged us back into gross darkness.”
Miltredic’s wide mouth turned down at the edges, and his narrow cheeks crimped. “In his first year of rule, he waged war against the timid Tsibi. In half a cycle, we killed them, killed them all. Every single one … men … women and … ch-ch-childr…” the word got stuck in Miltredic’s throat, and a despairing shade of ash-grey drained all colour from his eyes. He looked instantly ill, gravely sick. For a moment, I thought he might even recede into a sunken dejection. I was startled at his deterioration, and how quickly it happened.
What memory could haunt him so?
“Why has he kept us alive for so long?” asked Scott carefully, sensitive to Miltredic’s regression, yet eager for answers.
“He said that he learnt from the Tsibi … he said we killed them too fast. He said he wanted to have more … fun with your people.” Miltredic seemed to spit out the details, evidently trying to control his despair. His sentence finished on such a note of finality, my chest tightened.
“And our girls, our females, he allows them as pets…” I said as part question, part statement, not sure who I was actually addressing. Miltredic’s expression had thrown me. I couldn’t bear even a moment of silence.
“Pets?” gasped Scott, instantly distressed, an aghast frown on his face. My breath caught in my throat; I hadn’t told him this part.
Hog’s breath! I’m not helping.
“Yes, I am sorry, Scott,” Miltredic seemed to find his resolve at last. I let out a sigh of relief, strong enough to extinguish a camp fire; grateful that he broke the brooding silence that had descended upon us.
“You see,” he continued unaffected by my blatant show of nerves, “among our people; women are revered, honoured. Ironically, they have very few rights, but they are valued as the carriers of the next generation of Zikalic. To harm a woman is considered an offense; to kill a woman is considered a very bad omen indeed. And Xakanic is insanely superstitious.”
Miltredic’s resolve grew stronger with each word, a strong burst of purple flooding the iris of his eyes. A tinge of red might even have swirled in the purple too, but I couldn’t be certain with the lambent light.
“Xakanic was curious about your women,” he said, choosing his words prudently around a sensitive subject, “and came up with the idea of capturing your women as household pets. In this way, he could appease the people, and study your ways firsthand.”
I chose to keep my eyes averted from Scott, but I could sense the magnitude of his distress in the cold face of this gut-wrenching revelation. I wished that I had found the words to break the news to him earlier, but I knew there were no words to soften the shock-heavy blow. In my own musings over Monix, I was yanked violently in opposing directions: a split second after being run through with sheer relief that she could be alive; I’d lose my breath, reeling from the horror at what she might have suffered as a Zikalic pet. What she might still be suffering. The psychological damage, the mental affliction, and who knows what else. The disturbing question I tried to beat out of my thoughts: in this case, was death the better option? I couldn’t even begin to fathom Scott’s grief over his daughters.
Miltredic continued. “They are not to be harmed, and many are now well looked after, although of course, it is most demeaning. My family, and especially my dear wife, has campaigned for their protection and their well-being.” He muttered this last sentence impassively; clearly trying to reassure us, not looking for any credit for his family’s good deeds. In fact, just the opposite. There was a hint of self-loathing in his voice.
I now forced my eyes in Scott’s direction; again, he listened patiently and respectfully. There was no vestige of judgment on his face despite his obvious anguish.
Miltredic inhaled slowly. “Realising that this would leave you with too many men, and too few females, Xakanic added both options to the initiation rite of our youth into adulthood. He gave our youth the choice: to kill one of your leaders, preferably male, or capture one of your young females as pets. Unfortunately, it has become fashionable to have a human pet, it is the popular choice.” He exhaled with a shudder. “I am so very sorry.” And he was. An ash-grey made his eyes look hollow.
Do they shed tears?
“And what does your Head Chief plan to do to them when he destroys us?” asked Scott, his voice thick with raw emotion.
“Already he has started rumours that they have carried disease into our valley territory,” explained a distressed Miltredic. “I am certain he plans to destroy them, too. He had no mercy on the Tsibi women once he sensed he had the people behind him, and was able to … how would you say? Darken … no … demonise them. I am very sorry, Scott. I was so proud of Shumbalic … she could not do it; she could not take one of your girls.”
“You’re a great father,” said Scott, placing his hand on Miltredic’s chest. A tear ran down Scott’s left cheek.
“I know what you want to ask me, my friend,” said Miltredic. “Yet you seek first to comfort me … we have so much to learn from you...”
I was confused for a moment, moved by his sincere and honouring words … but then I realised what he was saying.
“Yes, Scott,” Miltredic looked into his eyes. “Yes; your two daughters are alive.”
At the news, Scott started weeping. Heart-wrenching sobs that raked his whole body. Miltredic put his powerful arms around him. “I am so, so sorry for your pain, but they are alive, and I have done everything in my power to make sure that they have been treated well. I wish I could have done more.”
“Thank you,” sobbed Scott. “I so long to hold them in my arms again.”
Human and Zikalic grieved in each other’s embrace, and I was speechless. Besides how utterly bizarre it looked, illuminated by the luminous purple crystal; it seemed so natural. While their physical form appeared so contradictory, their spirits were kindred. Two old enemies, two new friends.
What is Scott’s secret?
Just as the question popped into my mind, I knew the answer. Forgiveness. Scott held no grudges.


Chapter 30

Before returning to camp, Scott asked Miltredic if he could have a private moment with me.
“Thank you, my son,” he said, holding my right hand cupped in both of his, his voice still heavy with emotion. “Words cannot express my gratitude.” I wanted to protest, but knew it would be inappropriate. “Return now,” he said, “and look after yourself. Remember: don’t wrestle in the swamp with a Hog, the Hog likes it—and you both get dirty.”
I smiled. The proverb was as humorous as it was pithy. “What can I do?” I asked.
“I’m not sure there is anything more you can do,” he said. “I must meet with the Mzees promptly. The next step is in our hands. Your courage has given us the higher ground.”
I scratched my left cheek. “Scott…”
“Yes?”
“Do you mind if I ask you a difficult question?”
He nodded. “Shoot. Anything.”
I rubbed my right cheek. “Operation: Future Forward? Are we anywhere near…?” My voice tailed off; I wasn’t exactly sure how to frame my question.
“Nowhere. Long story,” Scott sighed and the weight of it caught me off guard. “Of course,” he continued, “I can’t share the specific details…”
“Of course.” I added, trying to hide my disappointment.
“…but with Victor’s death, and the loss of his skill-set and expertise, and Dylain’s interference with … well, let me leave it at that. For now.”
All I knew, Victor was an engineer of some kind. And, oh yes, he had some military background.
“Do you think Dylain’s leaked the details of the operation to Xakanic?” I asked.
“I doubt it. He’d want to keep some leverage; I’m sure. Anyway, from what I’ve seen of Miltredic, I think we’re light-years away from being able to take them on.”
“Yep. He is impressive.”
“And our only realistic hope.” Scott’s tone was valiantly upbeat, unflappable. “Ristan, thank you for your courage.”
“Sure, Scott.”
“One last thing,” he rubbed my shoulder. “My memory just jogged on me.”
I leaned into the rub as subtlety as I could. “Yeah?”
“Not a big issue, just something I’d forgotten until now.”
I felt my eyebrows peek. “Okay?”
“When we decided on the word Mzee as the term for our elders, one of the reasons I proposed it was because of a heart-warming story I read about when I was still young.”
“Yes?” He had me enthralled.
Scott’s countenance lit up; he was a master story-teller and he had a captive audience. “In the early years of this century; in a nature park in Africa, in what was then called Kenya, a strange bond developed between a terrified young hippopotamus named Owen—who had lost his family to a devastating tsunami—and a wise, hundred and thirty-year-old giant tortoise named Mzee.”
“A hippo and a tortoise. Really?” I had heard a tale about a rabbit and a tortoise, but a hippopotamus? A small smile danced on my dial. I knew Scott was born in Africa when it was still habitable; his parents were missionary doctors—they fled the imploding continent when he was around ten years of age. And I was pretty sure his proverbs were adaptations of African wisdom.
“Yes, old Mzee embraced Owen as his own, and for me, it served as a perfect picture of a true leader. Why I haven’t rehearsed this story over and over again is beyond me. But whatever happens to me, Ristan; remember it.” His tone suddenly dropped, laden with emotion, and he choked back his tears. “It will be even more important now as we contend for peace with the Zikalic.”
I was still trying to get my head around the reason he might have shared this story with me—the words “whatever happens to me” felt like a millstone around my neck and the notion of contending for peace with the Zikalic too bizarre to compute—when he hugged me; his strong fatherly arms wrapped tightly around me. I squeezed him back, feeling the tears well up in my eyes.
In that moment, I wanted nothing more than to fulfil Scott’s desire. I knew I’d do anything to ensure he was reconciled with his daughters. To hold them in his arms again.
We turned the light back on, and Miltredic returned on cue without making a sound. He looked at us both and smiled: “You have the same heart, like a father and a son.”
“Yes,” agreed Scott, his eyes moist, and he ruffled my hair. “I think of Ristan as the son I never had.” His words, and the head rub, were like medicine to my shrivelled soul.
Geez, I’m a big wuss.
“Are you ready?” asked Miltredic sighing, his eyes aglow.
“Just two more things,” said Scott rubbing his eye with his thumb.” Is there any chance Xakanic knows you’re here tonight?”
“Yes, unfortunately yes,” Miltredic admitted. “I did take every precaution I could, but this was a calculated risk. He has many informers. And time is not a luxury we have.”
“Neither is indecision and apathy,” said Scott. “Thank you for taking the risk, you have given us hope.”
“And the second thing?” asked Miltredic.
Scott put his hand on Miltredic’s chest. “This beautiful planet, your planet. What do you call it?”
“Zika,” said Miltredic with great passion returning the gesture, his hand on Scott’s torso. “We call it Zika.”
“Zika,” repeated Scott with feeling. “Wonderful! What does it mean?”
“Paradise,” Miltredic sighed again, this time wistfully. “Zika means Paradise.”

***

I still had so many questions that I knew had no answers. Scott was right, the only thing we had was hope. Perhaps if he and the Mzees, on our side, and Miltredic and his allies, on their side, could formulate a plan swiftly, we might have the element of surprise, too.
Miltredic carried me back, and again stopped some distance from my camp to say a proper farewell. This guy’s all heart! I asked him if he could drop me off at my newly-discovered favourite spot to watch the sunrise; dawn was about an hour away. Before he left, I threw my arms around him. I couldn’t help myself. It was an odd moment: I was taller than him, but I felt tiny in his imposing hold. He hugged me warmly and then he thanked me again. It sounded so strange; my debt of gratitude far outweighed his.
“Never underestimate the influence of one heroic action,” were his parting words to me.
Now, under a sky shifting colours with the onset of dawn, I sat beside the river unafraid of the darkness for the first time in ten years. I rewound the events of the past three days starting with the last few hours. Miltredic and Scott in an embrace of friendship. Then, how good it felt to be hugged. First by Scott, and then by Miltredic. I wondered about Shumbalic, how she was faring. In an uncanny way, I longed to see her again. We shared a memory, a few hours that might just contribute to a new future for her people and mine.
A new future? Am I allowed to get my hopes up?
Thoughts bombed me. Their faces. Monix. And Scott’s daughters, who I didn’t know well at all. And all the women who were taken captive by the Zikalic. There could be hundreds of them kept as domestic pets in the homes of our enemies. Literally. Were they okay? Miltredic assured us they were unharmed and well looked after, but what does that mean? And did I hear him correctly? That “many are now well looked after?” Is that a translation faux pas, or was he admitting to a time when they were ill-treated? That must be the implication behind his explanation that his family had campaigned for their well-being.
Geez! A new future? Is that even possible?
How did I feel about Monix now? I hadn’t grieved over her as much as usual during the last month or so. Was that because I was slowly recognising my suppressed feelings for Gellica or because working out how to deal with Ruzzell’s unsettling antics crammed into all the thought-space left in my cluttered brain? If Monix was alive, what now changes? Besides the vexing concern I felt for her, I tried to muster up some deep affection for Monix, but I couldn’t. Instead, my heart ached in Gellica’s direction. How did she feel about me now? Were her doubts about me growing?
Meh! A new future? Get real.
Before long, the dark sky began to give way to dawn’s first light and the stunning array of bold colours that announced the beginning of a new day. As beautiful and mesmerising as the glow of Miltredic’s purple crystal had been, it couldn’t come close to the wonder and splendour of this daybreak moment. Perhaps this explains the Zikalic’s lack of spirituality; avoiding the light, they hid from just this very sight, this panorama of glory—which awakened every faith-sense in me. I couldn’t help but pray and offer up thanksgiving to the God of my mother and father.


Chapter 31

After basking in the day’s first light, I knelt beside the river, which gurgled and babbled gently, to wash my face. Startled, I got a fright when I saw my reflection in the mirror-smooth water. I couldn’t remember the last time I had taken a proper look at myself. Usually washing time was a quick yet thorough scrub down with up to eight other blokes doing the same thing—no time for grooming, or need for it.
Beautifying one’s appearance was the last thing on the to-do list: a fulltime schedule dominated by the priority of survival. Even if you wanted to, our bathing pool was just out of direct sunlight, overshadowed as it was by the wall of tall trees and dense jungle scrub in which our camp lay ensconced. A mirrored reflection of oneself was not possible.
This morning, however, I could see myself clearly. I was certainly not good-looking like Dylain or Judd, but I wasn’t unattractive. The bruising around my right eye was healing, but the hideous scar down my left cheek did make me more unsightly than I would otherwise have been. A flash memory exploded in my mind as I remembered the scar’s origin. It was seven moons after Dad died, before the dark-points law was formally instituted.
I was just ten years old, and another kid named Alfrid wanted my jacket. He was about fourteen, a little crazy in the head and a lot bigger than me. While he had his own jacket, he said he wanted to start collecting them and for whatever reason, mine was on the top of his wish-list. He went for me, and I fought back. On a hiding to nothing; still, I fought and fought until Victor saved me. I didn’t even realise Alfrid had slashed my face and stabbed me in the side with his hunting knife.
After Victor stitched me up, he gave me a stern talking to about the sanctity of life, but I still remember the smile he could not throw from his face. After the lecture, he shook my hand and said, “Brave boy, if he tries to take your jacket again, go for the nose immediately … hit it with everything you’ve got.”
I never got to apply his advice. Alfrid didn’t get the chance to take anything from me again. The next day, he went exploring outside camp by himself, and a Sabre chomped him. We heard a blood-chilling half-scream, Victor and some of the older guys went to help. They were too late. Within minutes, they stormed back into camp yelling hysterically: “Trees! To the trees!”
The massive male Sabre trashed our camp and tried to claw a few of us from the trees. Unlike Earth’s tiger, this planet’s monster carnivore couldn’t climb trees at all. Apparently, an adult Earth-tiger avoided climbing trees. Too heavy, weighing the equivalent of an Earth-rhino, and less agile than a tiger, Eden’s Sabre could not scale a tree—even if it did want to. After thumping a few trees with his horn, shredding what it could, it eventually got bored and urinated on just about everything before moving on. The only trace of Alfrid we found was his knife, that knife, abandoned where the Sabre munched him.
Oddly, my scar usually reminded me more of my Dad’s death than Alfrid’s. Needless to say, just the thought of a Sabre unzipped me.
I massaged the finger-long disfigurement on my face as I stared at my own reflection. The thin, fair-haired, scraggly stubble on my chin needed a trim, something that I was loath to do. Not only was it a painful exercise, another one of the million uses for my knife, it wasn’t necessary. Who cared about beautifying oneself in this place? Hygiene, yes. Manners, yes. Self-respect, yes. Vanity, no!
And then another memory jumped me. From another time, another world, another planet.
Mum’s sickly body, her gaunt, ghostly face. The only clear image I have of her. Why can’t I remember her younger, beautiful face? The stink of disease and oncoming death. The crueller sense of misery.
Dad’s despair. Utter desolation.
Kicking walls, smashing things.
His god of science failing him.
Demanding … shouting at the heavens. Cursing.
Accusing Mum’s God of abandoning her.
But Mum’s faith, her strength. Her tenacity.
Consoling Dad, even as Death darkened the doorway.
Her soft words breathing peace into Dad. And me.
The fragrance of heaven. The sense of hope.
Why can’t I remember what she looked like before—?
“Okay,” I said to myself irritably, “time to get back to camp before everyone else wakes up.”

***

Sneaking back into camp seemed unreal. The adrenalin and euphoria of my nighttime activities came crashing into the reality of another day in camp. Another day of Ruzzell’s bunk. Another day of Judd’s disapproval. Another day wondering what was going on inside Gellica’s head.
I stole myself over to the wash pool. Although I had washed my face, I would not have risked bathing alone in the river. There were very few creatures in the river water, but I wasn’t going to take the chance. Halfway to the pool, I stopped abruptly. Was someone watching me? My eyes scurried along the high trees, from trunk to bough to branch, in which my clan members slept. None of them were in view, shrouded as always by garments of dense leafage, draped in curtains of jungle vine, and filtering out the usual Dawn Bugs’ strident chorale; I heard no human movement. Not a peep.
You’re just tired, and overly anxious.
Before long, all the members of the clan were down and washed—the vibe was as stiff and tense as a bowstring at full arc. When Ruzzell yelled, “Assemble and tremble interns and insects!” I knew the fun was going to start.
With us all gathered around the Base Stump table, Ruzzell jabbered on in half-sentences and secret phrases about their ‘leadership meeting’ the day before. His tacky half-sayings were greeted with roars of laughter from those in the know, and his covert slogans were repeated ad nauseam by his lackeys. They attempted to come across as sinister, ominous; but they just seemed childish. Infantile. Having spent the dark hours with the imposing figure of Miltredic, nothing they said could alarm me now.
Judd appeared as uncomfortable as ever and said very little—in fact; he looked exhausted, as if in one night many years had been taken from him. Jordin looked petrified as usual and said nothing. The girls were also quiet and wisely kept their heads down, starving Ruzzell and his mob of the attention they craved. Most disappointingly of all, Dixan evidently underwent a full conversion; he was acting every inch a disciple of Ruzzell—even though he wouldn’t meet my eye. Yep. Desperate people do desperate things. Fearful people very quickly become twisted people. The unspoken law of the jungle.
While most of the jibes were aimed at me, I took no notice. Apparently, I was sentenced to isolation effective immediately, but I didn’t listen to the details of my incarceration. Ruzzell said something about Dylain assigning me more dark-points for treachery and sedition, but he was spouting so many absurdities; I couldn’t separate fact from fiction. I didn’t care either. I took comfort in the knowledge that Scott and Miltredic were, at that very moment, working towards a better future for us all. Good would triumph over evil. Even on this cruel planet.
When Ruzzell realised that I was impervious to his diatribe, he changed tactics. “Plus,” he reloaded after the last insult slung my way, “we have some rather interesting news to share with you all. Because we’re so short of women in the clans, a member from each clan has to undergo a transformation of sorts … each clan must nominate the biggest pantywaist in the group, and he must become a female clan member…”
It was about as patently tawdry as it was blatantly obvious what Ruzzell was up to. I saw Judd grimace and shake his head; evidently, this was not a premeditated ploy. Ruzzell was making this up as he went along. Anything to flush me out.
“Dorky! We select Dorky!” said Ruzzell with a sadistic smirk snaking onto his mug, seemingly impressed with his own resourcefulness to find new ways to be an utter and complete idiot.
Spiked with pleasure, the pack cheered: “Dorky! Dorky!”
“What?” gasped Jordin startled, trembling like a stray dog in the middle of winter. Knowing I was the target, he didn’t see it coming—didn’t think he’d be bait used to ensnare me. “No! Please!”
“Come on, you little wussy!” said Shawz in a squeal of delight.
Unable to get a reaction out of me, Ruzzell was going to trample all over my heart strings; knowing, with my track record, I couldn’t help but defend Jordin. After all, I’d secretly vowed to.
“Come on, Milksop!” Ruzzell leered at Jordin, “Up! Up on your feet! On the table, come on now. Give us a twirl!”
“Milksop!” howled Cartyr, his lazy left eye just about spinning in its socket with delirium. “That’s classic. Dorky, the Milksop!”
Jordin sunk into his seat. “Please … Ruzzell … please!” His voice warbled like he had stones in his gullet. Pupils dilating with fear, thick red blotches broke out on his face.
“Up pansy, this is your coming out moment! Get him up,” Ruzzell barked at his cronies.
Shawz and Satoru dragged a screaming, frightened kid to his feet and shoved him onto the stump-table. I bit my tongue, hoping my apparent hesitancy to get involved might end the show before it began. I glanced at Judd, sending him a look of appeal, one we had traded often enough. He didn’t even look my way.
I hoped one of the girls might say something, but I knew what they knew. Any interference from them might tempt Ruzzell to add them to the show … until he eventually drew me out. There was only one way that this would end. Still I held out, gnawing on the inside of my lip. I wasn’t afraid of what Ruzzell might do to me, but I knew that this time, once I entered the fray, there was no coming out of it without much blood spilt. This was no longer about Ruzzell exerting his authority; this was something far more sinister.
“Dance for us, Dorky!” goaded Ruzzell. “Show us some leg, Milksop!”
Jordin teetered on shaky legs and his body quavered. Sobbing, his tears burst their banks.
I felt my jaw tighten, and my hands curl into fists. I quickly put them behind my back so Ruzzell wouldn’t see them. I fought off every incensed muscle, and seething sinew, and enraged beat of my heart to avoid taking the bait. I replayed Jordi’s own words to me: “Rist, you’ll just make it worse.”
Don’t do it, knucklehead. You’ll just aggravate the situation … for him, for everyone!
But then it happened.
Jordin wet his pants.


Chapter 32

“Man!” Ruzzell snorted with laughter, clapping his hands in mock applause. “The pansy peed himself!”
Shawz squealed like an excited Raptor at a fresh kill. “Dank! Just dank, Dorky!”
“Gag!” snickered Cartyr pointing to the wet spot on Jordin’s pants. “Geez, what a total loser?!”
The scathing roar of glee and derision was deafening; the smell of urine and fear, stomach turning. When Jordi finally looked my way with a tortured plea for help, I couldn’t take it any longer. Red mist fogged out logic and reason, and clogged up my brain’s control centre.
I shoved scrawny Brucie out the way and leapt onto the table, throwing a protective arm around Jordin. “Enough already!” I felt a snarl pull on my face and adrenalin fire through my body.
Ruzzell’s response was predictable and puerile. “Ha! Villain’s jealous! He wants to be the camp’s new girl!”
Ruzzell’s parasites just about fell over laughing this time. Snorting. Squawking. Rambunctious. I tried to comfort Jordin, and lead him off the table.
“Where do you think you’re going, girlies?” said Ruzzell, as his underlings tightened their guard around the table, blocking our path off. Gellica and Nadalie had retreated now from their seats and fretfully stood several strides back from Base Stump: their angst palpable. Judd was caught on the boundary-marker, so to speak. He was in the middle of the rabble, but now trying hard to distance himself from them.
“Come on, Ruzzell,” I said. “Let Jordin go. We all know this is about you and me.”
“About you?” he said with a scowl. “You? How full of yourself can you be? This has got nothing to do with you, Risteen … you’re nothing! Nothing!”
“Stop the dramatics, man.” I shook my head, livid. Dumbass! I looked for the soft underbelly. The man who represented the weakest link in the circle that surrounded the stump-table on which Jordin and I were trapped: Judd. Conflicted, double-minded Judd.
“Judd,” I begged, “please take Jordi. Not for me, for him … for Victor.”
At Victor’s name, I saw him flinch. Judd shook his head in violent self-incrimination and then reached out a hand towards Jordin. I know he did it out of guilt and goodwill, but he may have also been looking for a way to separate himself from the lynch mob. He averted his eyes from mine.
“Pretty Boy! What the heck are you doing?” hissed Ruzzell; enraged, his facial features gnarled serpent-like as if ready to strike.
“Come on, Ruzz. Please...” said Judd, wiping his brow, “...I didn’t sign up for this; you’ve got what you want.”
“Fine!” said Ruzzell. “Hurry up!” Judd helped Jordin down but trembling uncontrollably; he slipped and fell into a heap on the ground amid another chorus of hoots and gibes. He seemed bent on curling himself into a foetal ball before Judd yanked him to his feet and hurried him to the wash pool to clean up. I breathed a sigh of relief.
For you, Victor.
This time Gellica spoke out. “Come on, Ruzzell. Stop this, please! Do you realise how moronic—?”
“Ha!” said Ruzzell. “Are you defending your man, Princess?”
“Stop it! Just stop this!” Gellica’s tone was strained with alarm.
“Lover Boy,” Ruzzell mocked me. “Do you want your wench to join you on show?”
With fire in my veins, I stared at Ruzzell, trying to herd his attention onto me alone; my brain churning, wondering how I would survive this maelstrom. “It’s me you want, come … just you and me … let’s do this.”
“You have no idea, do you?” Ruzzell asked with a glint of glee in his eyes. “You have no freaking idea what’s really going down, do you, pal?” The supreme confidence on his face would have disturbed me. But it didn’t … because I did know. I knew exactly what was ‘going down.’
Dylain’s plan must be in motion. The beginning of the end starts right here. Right now.
Ruzzell jumped up on the table, and drew his knife. His minions tightened ranks around the platform, blocking any chance of my escape.
I wasn’t perturbed.
I’m not going anywhere.
“First, I’m going to gut you…” He snarled, slashing the air with his long blade; his groupies cheered. So lame. “Second, I’m going to take your woman. For some slap and tickle—”
I did hear Gellica’s gasp, but I didn’t let Ruzzell finish his sentence. I used the only factor in my favour. Surprise! I knew he wanted to hear the sound of his own voice. To continue to whip his followers into a frenzy. To spew his rabble-rousing poison. So I played the only option I had. And I finally acted on Victor’s advice.
I launched into Ruzzell, full-throttle. Discharged myself at him; my right hand grabbing his knife hand to ensure I didn’t impale myself. My full weight. Every muscle, organ, sinew, tendon, ligament and bone. Every atom of my being assailed his head, my forehead aimed like a missile at his large, broad hooter.
“Go for the nose immediately … hit it with everything you’ve got.”
I heard the crunching sound of bone before I felt the pain in my own head as my brow buried into his mug. The brutal force I struck him with knocked his big frame off balance, and sent us both reeling off the table, flattening two of his underlings underneath us. Head spinning, I was on top of a four-man pile-on. Legs and arms everywhere.
His knife hand secured in mine.
Good!
Unable yet to wrench the knife from his grip.
Not good.
He was too strong.
Ow! My head!
Blood! His, not mine.
Ruzzell’s face was bathed in red gore spewing from his nose. Any pain I felt was multiplied several times over for him. No mercy! I used the upper hand that I had, literally.
As hard as I could, I drove my right forearm and elbow into his battered nose. “Arghhhh!” I yelled in pain, drowned only by the agonised screech that jettison out of his mouth.
His grip relaxed on the knife. Relief! His body went limp. Don’t die! I rolled off the heap of bodies with his knife in my right hand, and I quickly drew my own knife in my left.
My head swirled as the pain seemed to intensify. I felt my stomach threaten to discard yesterday’s meal. My brain blanked for a second as my vision went blurry at the edges. I thought I passed out, but finding myself still on my feet; I took it as evidence that I hadn’t.
Oh, yes. This is what head butting a tree feels like.
Cartyr and Brucie, the two flunkies, squashed by our fall were helped to their feet, although both looked decidedly groggy. Cartyr was muttering gibberish, but then again, Cartyr was always just one whack away from being punch drunk. While Brucie whimpered, rubbing his twisted neck, Shawz checked on a concussed Ruzzell. An airy spray of blood vapour from his mouth assured me he was still breathing.
Phew!
The rest of the mob stared me down, their knives drawn … yet leaderless; they were not sure what to do. Dixan had not drawn his. His shaking hands and the remorse pressed into his face gave me a surreal dose of delight, wholly unbefitting the dilemma I still faced.
Come back from the dark side, Dix. You’re a good man.
Judd and Jordin had obviously heard the commotion, and rejoined the frightful scene: their eyes as large as saucers, their faces slack from shock. I knew I must look grisly, ghastly even. Red with Ruzzell’s blood.
My elbow ached excruciatingly, and my dizzy head pounded. I could swear my forehead was indented. I felt a trickle of blood drip into my eye. Wiping it away along with the bead of sweat that had gathered on my bruised brow, I wondered where to from here.
“It didn’t have to come to this. No one has to die today,” I tried to reason with the mob that was momentarily frozen in uncertainty. Now that Ruzzell was unable to goad them into mayhem and murder, at least for a few minutes, I had a chance. On cue, I heard Ruzzell stir slightly and cough up blood. A slim chance.
“You’re finished, Villain,” said Shawz. “Done. Dead. It’s been decided.”
“What’s been decided?” asked Nadalie, who spoke out for the first time.
“The whole end game.” Shawz spoke tough, but he looked scared.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Gellica turn to Judd. “What’s he on about? End game?”
“Uh … umm—”
“Come on, Judd; you can’t chicken out now,” said Satoru, who shuffled on his feet, looking very much like he, too, was in two minds about whatever they had planned.
“And what did Ruzzell mean by he’s taking Rist’s woman?” asked Nadalie, her pretty face besmirched with disquiet.
“He said, what?” asked a bemused Judd doing a double take at her. “Hang on, this wasn’t the deal.”
“Deal? What deal, Judd?” asked Gellica assertively, the tone of her voice giving perfect evidence to the snit and bewilderment she felt.
When Judd dithered, and I knew an answer wasn’t forthcoming, I yelled: “Okay, listen up!” I didn’t interrupt sooner, hoping that some reason would prevail. The cold eyes of Ruzzell’s crew told me I needed to slam home any advantage I had. And quickly. “It’s obvious we need to clear the air. But! But killing each other is not going to get us very far. Plus, the dark points for murder—”
“But that’s just the thing,” cut in Shawz, finding his voice in a last-ditch showdown. “This is a new day, a new order … those puny rules no longer apply!”
Ruzzell spluttered. “W-w-h-h-at … wh-what…?” He coughed his way out of unconsciousness. “What the hell? Wh-where … where am I?”
“Help me … get him to his feet,” said Satoru. He and Shawz hefted Ruzzell up with some difficulty.
Mad, spitting-blood furious, it slowly dawned on Ruzzell what had happened. “My nose!” he spat and then coughed some more. He touched his left cheek, shock in his eyes. “You’ve broken my nose and…” he opened his mouth wide three or four times with patent discomfort, “…and my cheek bone. Freak, you! You … you scrawny little insect. You’re dead, so freaking dead!” He tried to take a step toward me, but stumbled over before using Satoru and Shawz as crutches to stay upright.
At that exact moment, a terrible thought crossed my mind. Ripped through my soul, truth be told.
Murder.
I had never ever contemplated killing one of our own, until that instant. If Ruzzell was to recover, the element of surprise would no longer be a factor in my favour. I knew I had no chance of beating him in hand-to-hand combat. In any form of combat. None. Zip, zero, zilch. But if I pounced now, he was completely defenceless.
What will Scott think of me, then? And my own father? And Gellica? Is it justified? Can I claim self-defence? Will I lose the only bit of humanity I have left?
As he continued spitting bile at me, perhaps he sensed his own vulnerability. Maybe he saw what my mind was chewing over through the windows to my soul. For his threats were long, exaggerated and gory. Clearly, he was trying to bully me into inactivity. Batter me into submission.
I decided. No more brooding necessary.
I knew what I had to do.
But I didn’t do it for Scott, or my Dad or Gellica. I did it for me. For the God I prayed to that morning.
I dropped both knives on the ground at my feet. I found that peace again. And the words flowed. “Ruzzell, the thought occurred to me to cut you down … now, right now. You’re a mess, and it’s clear you can’t even hold yourself up. But this new day you herald cannot start with spilling the blood of our friends, our family, our own clan. Right now, you’ve got to make a decision. We’ve all got to make a decision.” I glared at Ruzzell’s puppets as steely-eyed as I could, hoping my words would hit home. Praying that I could appeal to what humanity they had left. “Today, this new day you proclaim, is defined by what you … me … we all do next.”
An unbearable, stunned silence hung over the clan. I knew they were pondering my words. And I knew my words started to reach the intended target when the heads began to drop.
“Come, guys,” said Dixan, his face blanched sombre. “This, this has gone too far. Way too far.”
“Please,” said Gellica, her voice taut. “Put a stop to this madness.”
Brucie was the first to drop his knife. Satoru, then Cartyr next. Shawz looked certain to discard his too, when…
Ruzzell let out a gurgling, derisive laugh and started clapping … which was cut short by a fit of coughing and spitting, lots of spitting, but with considerable effort, he resumed the cackling again. He did enough to break the sober silence and revive the tension he seemed to feed on. The chaos he craved. His mock applause jarred my pounding head.
“You’ve put on a brave show, Villain; I admit. Defiant to the very end … you little punk.” He spat again, the last three words seemed to get caught in his gullet. Turning around to his acolytes, he growled: “What’s this, hey? Deserters? Pick up your freaking knives … and gut the villain. Now!”
An awkward few seconds ticked by too quickly before Shawz gleefully tightened his grip on his knife. Satoru and Cartyr retrieved their blades with less enthusiasm. Finally, Brucie picked up his knife with next to no conviction at all.
They won’t attack. Will they?
“Ruzzell, please…” begged Gellica and Nadalie.
“Come on, Ruzz. Don’t do this,” said Judd, wan and bleary-eyed, his voice conspicuously void of optimism.
Dixan tried too. “Guys, guys—”
“Shut the hell up,” Ruzzell snapped at him. “I’ll deal with you later, turncoat.” He slowly turned back to face me, uneasy on his feet; his hazy eyes requiring a few more seconds to focus.
Stand. I told myself. Stand your ground.
“On the count of three, kill the maggot.” Ruzzell’s left blood-matted eyebrow creased over his swollen eye. “Execute him like the traitor he is. One…”
In a rather odd way, I was interested to see what they would do. I could see my words were still weighing on the conscience of most of them. Everyone except Shawz looked decidedly unsure of what to do next. But Shawz wouldn’t come at me alone, and Ruzzell was in no position to enter the fray. Of course, I could flee. Only Dixan was quicker than me, but he wouldn’t give chase. Alternatively, stand … and fight?
Do I pick up my knife?
With a bovine look on his face, Ruzzell’s eyebrow crumpled over his right eye. “…two…”


Chapter 33

Will they attack ... or show mercy?
I didn’t get to find out.
What happened next brought a wave of relief over just about everyone except Ruzzell and Shawz, but it was followed by a second breaker of confusion and panic. And to be honest, I think it hit me more than most.
Seemingly out of nowhere, a raft banked off the river near our camp, and out jumped three guys, members of the northern clans.
The mild surprise on their face was the first shock to my system. I expected them to be floored by the scene they discovered. A ‘happy little clan’ at war? Blood and guts? But they weren’t overly surprised. That they didn’t ask a single question was evidence to me that they expected something to be happening when they arrived.
The fact that the three-man delegation was led by twenty-six-year-old Cainn Bracken, a surly friend of Dylain—a member of his clan and of course, the serial fruit-tosser at the Gathering—was the next download of disquiet for me. Besides being on the other extreme of the good-looks scale, Cainn was cut from the same cloth as Dylain. Two peas in a man-sized pod of belligerence, both with an inveterate bent towards exploiting a situation for vainglory. With one difference: Dylain’s stratagem was public, overt; Cainn’s devilry seemed more hidden, covert. Yes, rumours served as kindle to be honest, but the tidings were well-stoked and with so much smoke, there was bound to be a roaring fire somewhere.
With him were two young men in the Shawz-type mould. By now, I assumed most of the impressionable young bucks among our number had been recruited, baptised. That Cainn headed straight to Ruzzell to collude in secret was the final storm cloud on a sepulchral day for me. Whatever they were here for; it was not good news.
After the brief exchange of words between Ruzzell and Cainn, Cainn then turned to us and made the announcement in his croaky, rasping voice as he cracked his knuckles in Ruzzell fashion: “The Mzees have called an Emergency Gathering! Get going now!”
We hadn’t had one in years, but an Emergency Gathering meant we had to make our way to the main camp immediately. Stop whatever we were doing—no matter how important we might think it was—and make the journey at once. DEFCON 1 status.
Ruzzell tried to laugh, but again broke down in a spell of spitting and coughing. Again, lots of spitting. Mouthfuls of blood. I thought he was going to say something to me, but didn’t. Or couldn’t.
“Let’s get you cleaned up,” said Shawz as he and a reformed Brucie helped Ruzzell shuffle towards the pool.
“The rest of you,” yelled Cainn, his lower row of teeth horribly crooked, and his slight underbite now exaggerated, “hit the road! Yesterday already!” The lustful glint in his eye betrayed one taking great pleasure in wielding a new sense of raw and rash power. “Hey you! … whatshisface … without the ear. Yes, Cartyr! You stay behind with Ruzzell and the boys. We’re going downriver to alert the final camp. We’ll travel back up with them and collect you all on the way. Got it?” He rubbed his thumb along the ragged scar that ran from the bridge of his nose, down his right cheek, curling under his chin before disappearing into the dark bristles of his patchy beard.
With an asinine grin, Cartyr did a silly little salute, which looked rehearsed to me, coached even. Dylain’s idea? Was this his rebel army? Was mutiny afoot?
Ruzzell and Cainn, his generals?

***

After I wiped the blood from my head and face, we entered the jungle in haste. Judd and Nadalie went first, followed by Gellica and Jordin one-hundred-and-twenty counts later. Dixan, Satoru and I brought up the tail. Judd and Dixan were armed with their bows. Ruzzell would bring his, and Shawz would bring mine when they made the trip to the main camp later.
The journey north was the most difficult hike to a Gathering in my life. Just the night before I had soared through the tree tops, now I ploughed through the impenetrable jungle. Last night, I toured with a friendly enemy; today, I travelled with homicidal friends. In the dark hours, I had felt safe; in the bright light of the day, I felt under threat.
The sun burned through the foliage overhead, baking the jungle into a clammy, claustrophobic oven, making the air feel gritty in my throat. Beads of perspiration ran down my face, and my shirt stuck to my lower back in a pool of sweat accumulating at the soaked waistline of my pants. Where the beams of sunlight broke through the cover, I could feel my skin sizzle and the little twists of water vapour rising from my body told me I was losing plenty of body fluid. It was an unusually hot spring day, and the lack of any sort of breeze made the trip feel like a detour through Hades’s tortured Underworld.
The criss-cross of low-lying branches and the mesh of undergrowth that I easily swept over last night now seemed ominous, like gnarled fingers and knotted hands groping and grasping, bent on dragging me to the grave.
To add to my woes, a twist of stinging ivy—the effects of which were not fatal, but intolerably painful—whipped at my cheeks and coiled around my left arm when, in my air-headed hustle, I crashed through a broad curtain of low-hanging vines. Instantly, my cheek stung like blazes and a ring of itchy welts pinched my forearm in red blisters which, combined with the copious sweat and the heat of the sun, made my arm feel as though it was thrust into Hades’s furnace.
Just freaking great!
It wasn’t wise to talk along the way, but Satoru and Dixan couldn’t help themselves. Keeping a reasonable distance ahead of me, they mumbled and argued and debated the entire way. I couldn’t make out what they were saying, and I wasn’t going to remind them of the dangers of making a noise in the jungle; sensing their turmoil, they certainly didn’t need me to patronise them. Were Ruzzell’s crew going to gut me if the messengers hadn’t arrived? Would I have fought back, or would I have played lamb to the slaughter?
Nah, I don’t do bleating.
Trailing a fair way behind the quarrelling duo, I had my own thoughts for company, and again; I was a jumble of emotion and confusion. This time a horrible, sour mix of dread and suspicion. I felt pulled into the slipstream of a runaway problem hurtling off the rails, powerless to resist its screaming rush towards certain chaos.
What’s going on?
I was now sure that Ruzzell and his interns had met with Dylain the day before to plot and plan; it wasn’t just a joyride, a boys-day-out jaunt. It seemed that Dylain had authorised my murder. Really? I couldn’t come to any other conclusion given the things Ruzzell and Shawz had spouted.
But why?
How was I a threat? Perhaps, when Dylain heard of my encounter with Shumbalic, he wanted to remove me and any information I might have gained from her. No doubt, he knew they spoke our language, and he might be afraid that I discovered something about his conspiracy.
Yes, that’s it.
Ruzzell didn’t know anything about the Zikalic before our wrangle at the Hog trap, but he did come back from their powwow yesterday supremely brazen. Like one playing with loaded dice. Dylain must have divulged all his dirty Zika-secrets to his fan club and selected today as the day he’d launch us all into mayhem and mobocracy. With all Shawz’s talk of a new day, could there be any other alternative? Did my encounter with Shumbalic serve only to fast track Dylain’s insurrection?
I was sure Scott would have gotten in touch with the other Mzees first thing this morning. All the Mzees, except Dylain, now lived in the main camp or the camps just north or south of it. It wasn’t difficult for them to meet quickly when the occasion so demanded. And could there be a more urgent juncture than this?
They could have met by now, and come to some decisions. Maybe they had a ton of evidence against Dylain already. Scott hadn’t said anything last night, but he was discreet in what he shared. I knew he was trying to keep me out of harm’s way.
If you only knew what my morning was like!
Could they have called the Emergency Gathering to expose Dylain in the nick of time? It seemed unlikely given that the messengers were led by Cainn and spoke to Ruzzell before announcing the Gathering. But no, the Mzees could have called it. Dylain might just have hijacked it.
Yes, that seems plausible.
What did Ruzzell mean by ‘taking’ Gellica? Surely, that was just another barbed statement to entice me? Exactly, how raunchy and raucous a picture had Dylain painted of a ‘new day?’
And Judd? Why would he go along with any of this? Unless they only told him enough to pull the wool over his eyes. Or maybe he was trying to derail the mutiny from within. Probably, a bit of both, I reckoned.
Still deep in thought, I passed the hole I had fallen in on our way to the Anniversary Gathering a few days before. Dixan had moved over this spot swiftly. I wondered if he was rehearsing the moment we shared together, the kind words he had expressed. It felt like a million years ago. So much happened since. The decisions he and I had taken from that point defined a very different future to the one we might have envisaged on that day. He definitely came to his senses briefly before my near-lynching, although he hadn’t said a word to me since. I’ll snap him out of this trance he’s in … soon. I could only hope that Satoru wouldn’t fill his cranium with nonsense again.
Absentmindedly, I rubbed my itchy left arm and irritated the flaming welts in another wave of stinging pain. I munched on my lip hard and trapped the squeal in my gullet.
Stoopid!
I couldn’t restrain the self-flagellation in my own head, however; for the pain in my brow still burnt like fire, and my bruised right elbow screamed like it had been snapped off at the joint. I managed the discomfort by imagining how difficult a time Ruzzell would have in making the journey, even though with every ache and gnashing of teeth, he’d probably come up with a new way to kill me. Good, I hope you hurt real bad! I immediately chastised myself again for wishing him harm. Forgiveness was the only way to a new day and inner peace. Had I not learnt anything from Scott yet?
Oh, Scott!
I couldn’t wait to see his face. He would bring calm to this insanity. He would reason with Dylain and Ruzzell, and break the bewitching spell they had cast over their disciples.


Chapter 34

We submitted our weapons on arrival, and were told to sit in rows by clans as a head count was made. I looked around the assembled crowd; it seemed all the clans, but one had now arrived. The southernmost clan, along with Ruzzell, Shawz, Brucie and Cartyr and the three messengers, were still en route.
I cast my eyes on the Mzees seated on the ground in front of us; four were present: Matthew, Deborah, Shino Matsu and Lee Chan; all looking haggard and careworn. Three were not yet in their place: Scott, Dylain and Sarah.
Sarah lived at the main camp, and Scott was, of course, from the first camp just north of main camp. They would both certainly be around. Even though Dylain was from farther north, he was also surely here already. I recognised his clan members in the crowd.
The air was thick with tension. No one knew what was going on. Conspiracy theories and counterplot rumours bounced dangerously around the jittery crowd. Gossip, hunches, prattle and scandal. I filtered out the noise as I looked for the one man who could bring calm to a twitchy audience, the man whose mere presence would give us a measure of assurance.
Where’s Scott?
Then a nagging thought poked at me. It didn’t appear as though any of the other clans had experienced quite so much upheaval as ours had. There was no talk of ‘new day’ proclamations or iconoclastic ‘down with the old’ threats in the gossip flying around.
Had Ruzzell taken matters into his own hands? Had he jumped the gun, or just hurtled off on a wild tangent of his own? Ruzzell gone rogue was a distinct possibility. Perhaps I was wrong, horribly wrong … wonderfully wrong. Maybe Dylain didn’t give any order to have me killed. Could it be that Ruzzell simply went bush-bashing with the boys yesterday? And it just may be that the Mzees had called the emergency assembly and were going to expose Dylain now, before he was even able to kick-start his uprising.
Where is Scott?
Sarah and … Dylain now appeared from where I wasn’t quite sure, and joined the other four Mzees who were already seated in front of us. They were all dreadfully troubled and tense—except Dylain. Well, he looked troubled and tense, and that was what made me so jumpy. He looked like he was trying to look troubled and tense. But I wasn’t convinced; his acting skills were limited to hype and bravado.
With every passing second, the apprehension grew thicker. I trawled around for Scott; surely, he would pitch up at any moment now.
Where are you?
It was then that I noticed the last clan had arrived, and I realised that Ruzzell, Shawz, Cartyr and Brucie had plonked down at the end of our clan’s row. Ruzzell looked a bit better, but the bruising on his face was already visible, and his nose was definitely broken, plugged up with a thick gout of dark blood. Dabbing at his bulbous snout with a red-stained rag, he cranked his head to the side, and glanced at me askance. Glared at me. If he could have shot fireballs from his eyes, I’d be incinerated. Vaporised.
Then a disturbing, wicked grin crept over his swollen face. He shaped his pointing-finger like a knife and feigned slitting the throat, screwing his tongue out of the corner of his mouth, deriving an obscene amount of pleasure in threatening me. Chuckling with a menacing scowl, he mouthed: “Days are numbered, punk.” He then dragged his eyes off me, and wiped his beak, but the smirk didn’t leave his face. His sense of assuredness; the air of cocksure certainty with which he tittered … his confident stare forward seemingly in the know, wise to what was unfolding, rattled the cage I felt tightening around me. Suffocating, claustrophobic.
Had Dylain been waiting for him to arrive to consult together? Is that where Dylain was? Come Scott, where are you? My stomach twisted and coiled into a tight, painful knot.
Of course, I wasn’t the only one who was troubled by his absence. I now heard his name in every rumour and in every question bobbing around the distressed crowd. “Where’s Scott?” someone shouted out loud unable to contain his brimming consternation.
After what looked like a final discussion between the Mzees, my heart sank when Dylain rose to address us. For me, he was just a party-piece, the one to amuse us and keep the celebratory vibe alive at our annual Gatherings. Surely, he wasn’t the one to address us at what was an Emergency Gathering? If they were going to unmask him, why would they let him speak? I struggled to swallow, and anxiously chaffed at the painful welts on my left arm.
Dylain stood tall; his chest puffed out, and his voice carried well: “Please … can I have your attention!”
“Where’s Scott?” another voice sounded from behind me.
“All your questions will be answered soon,” said Dylain as he waved his hands in front of him like a magician enchanting his audience. “I know you are all concerned; everything will become clear now.” In fretful anticipation, the crowd grew quiet.
“First, thank you for answering our call to assemble today. In ten years, we’ve only called an Emergency Gathering on two other occasions, and we haven’t had one for three years. The reason we assemble in haste today is not a good one. These are dark and dangerous times.”
I hardly heard what he said, my eyes running over every face in the crowd.
Where’s Scott?
“I have bad news, terrible news, tragic news … the worst news,” Dylain dragged it out, the skittish crowd straining with suspense. He cleared his throat and held an unbearably long pause. “Scott ... our beloved leader…”— he drew quiet for a moment again and gestured with both hands before launching into his last two words—“...is dead!”
The collective gasp was immense, but not a sound escaped my lips. Fear shot through my mind and body like a bolt of lightning. Pure, jarring electricity. I felt dizzy and nauseous, and icy cold despite the warm weather. Did I hear right? I rubbed the sides of my head gingerly with both hands. A terrified silence followed the crowd’s expression of shock, and then … like an explosion; people started shouting and yelling and screaming and crying and…
Everything was now spinning; from side to side. And up and down. I vaguely saw Dylain try to calm the incontinent crowd, his mouth wide and his facial features animated—although I couldn’t hear what he was shouting.
Cold. I feel cold. Numb and cold.
I don’t know how long it took for him to rein in the throng, but at some point I became aware of a heavy hush that settled over us, still and eerie as a morgue, and then his voice rang out loud and clear.
“Yes, I’m so sorry to be the one who delivers the bad news; Scott is dead … and wait, wait…” he kept the group silent as they nearly erupted in more questions. “The answers to your questions are: no, it wasn’t at the hands of them and no; it wasn’t of natural causes…” I thought I was going to vomit; an unbearable pain, worse than the head-butt bruise, detonated inside my head like a grenade.
“Listen, please!” Dylain yelled. “Scott was murdered!”
I felt myself gag, although nothing came up; I hadn’t eaten anything since yesterday. Nobody would have noticed if I did spew since most of the crowd were now on their feet in a fever-pitch uproar. Anger, confusion, fists raised, feet stomping. Tears … a lot of tears.
In the next scene, which now played out in painstaking slow motion, people began to sit reluctantly, infuriated and distraught. I realised that all the Mzees were standing up, behind Dylain, urging the audience to settle down and restrain themselves. I tried to swallow and rid my mouth of the vile taste of stomach acid. I retched again.
“Hey! You’re making this very difficult,” said Dylain. “All your questions will be answered, but you’ve got to control yourselves. Hey, you; yes at the back, sit down! Clan leaders, come on, keep your clan under control.”
Once the multitude seemed reasonably restrained, I felt the nausea move to the top of my gullet, and I couldn’t think straight. A soft but unsettling guttural noise emanated from my throat as my chest and innards clamped up. It didn’t sound human. I didn’t feel human. Beyond bilious, I thought my torso and stomach might rupture and a beastly, alien creature would burst out.
This can’t be happening. No. Please God.
“Yes, Scott was murdered very early this morning. When we found out, we immediately called this emergency assembly. The good news is we know who did it and why. Please, we ask you to allow us to deal with the perpetrator correctly; we do not need mob justice here. We have our way of dealing with this sort of thing, and Scott … Scott would have wanted us to follow this to the point of the rule.”
He, along with the Mzees, fought to calm the incensed assemblage one more time.
“Okay, okay!” Dylain finally bellowed over the now quietened but agitated crowd. “Scott Adam was murdered during the early hours of this morning,” he hesitated for effect. “In the dark! And the person responsible, the person who killed him in cold blood was…”—he paused again and reached for the final climax—“…was Ristan Abel!”


Chapter 35

Even though I knew it, even though I realised I was being set up, when Dylain said the words, I thought I was going to die, literally. On the spot. “Ristan Abel murdered our venerated leader, Scott!” Right there, right then, I wanted to die. For the ground to open its cavernous gorge and chomp me whole.
The weight of the accusation buffeted me. I felt baited, caught and gutted like a fish. Fear drove to the pit of my stomach, and seemed to take an iron-fisted grip of my every breath.
I hardly heard the vitriol of the crowd directed at me, fully expecting them to put me out of my misery and tear me apart, but I did hear Gellica’s shriek. It was almost as bad as the announcement itself. My insides wound up like hay whirled with a pitch fork.
I could only guess that Dylain barked out some orders because in the next instance, two men grabbed me. They hefted me to my feet, one on the left and one on the right, and dragged me to the front. My head lolled heavy on my neck, and my eyes were glued to the floor. My vision blurred, and I saw white spots at the edges. The throaty gurgling sound continued. I felt trampled underfoot by a Sabre. Smashed.
Kill me now.
The man on my left held me in a venomous grip; he twisted my arm painfully, and dug his strong fingers into my flesh. The one on my right was far gentler, but he was trembling. I was about halfway to Dylain when I realised that the man on my left was my archenemy Ruzzell, and the man on my right was Judd. My friend.
The crowd hissed at me; at least two people spat on me, and Ruzzell spluttered in my ear with exultant glee, “Told you, Villain; your days are numbered,” just before he and Judd dropped me, slumped on my knees in front of Dylain.
“Quiet! Shut up! Sit down!” screamed Dylain; I was aware of a spray of his spittle landing on me. I think. Maybe it was just the spots in my fuzzy vision. “Scott would have wanted us to do this properly! Order!”
I thought my head was going to split open. I never usually got headaches unless, of course, Ruzzell pounded on me. Or if I head butted him. Being accused of murder, however, brought on a headache of a different kind and intensity entirely. A tortured pain that started deep within my soul and bored its way out.
“Right! We know murder carries a penalty of eight dark points and six months in solitary confinement. With Ristan Abel’s record and the four dark points he already has, it means immediate banishment to the Forbidden Region—”
“No, we want a public execution!” demanded a raspy tone near me. The incendiary voice continued yelling, “Public execution! Public execution!”—whipping the crowd into the crazed jeer; baying for my blood. I nearly gave up right then … the object of everyone’s derision.
And I would have … if I didn’t see it.
In the frenzy of the call for my head, I saw Dylain tip his head at someone, a look of satisfied accomplishment. My eyes followed his gaze. Cainn. And beside him, Ruzzell. Yes, Cainn had called for the public execution. And with Ruzzell, the three of them made a formidable team; now, revelling in their mutual success. Their smugness rankled me. And galvanised me. As my eyes shifted around the hostile crowd, I spotted those vociferously yelling for my blood: the young men, those most susceptible to Dylain’s seditious allure.
It’s all going according to his plan!
It was a snapshot of crystal-clear darkness. Evil concocted and executed. I was horribly right. Dylain had, without question, authorised my disposal. To silence me and any information I had. Having survived the morning’s murder attempt on my own life, I was now going to take the fall for Scott’s. Dylain was using me in some gripping finale. But when had he decided to kill Scott? If he had expected my demise today, would he have planned to kill Scott this morning, too? Had Miltredic been followed?
The only thing I was sure of was this: Dylain had manipulated everything, and was using all the tricks of the trade to stir the crowd into a wild ruckus. He could so easily have had me arrested when I arrived, dealt with me in private and broken the news to the clans tactfully. Rather, everything was designed to create this cuckoo chaos. That’s when I knew the show was far from over. That’s when my resolve returned.
I can’t give up.
“Okay, okay! Quiet … Order!” he said, and the crowd seemed to respond immediately. “Yes, I too would love nothing better than a public execution such is the magnitude of the crime, but—”
“Allow me to defend myself!” I shouted loud, leaning forward on my knees. I knew I needed to grovel to appease the crowd, but I also needed to seize the initiative from Dylain.
Momentarily caught out, but always the sly snake, Dylain played along. “Yes, yes … you’re right; the rules are the rules. Let’s do this properly,” he said aloud for the audience’s ears, “before we banish you to the Forbidden Region.” And then muttered under his breath: “Or gut you like the little cheeky prick you are.”
When he pulled out a parchment with a long list scrawled on it, I realised he had come prepared for everything. A wave of murmuring rose across the clans.
“Silence! Order! You’ll want to listen to this,” he teased the hushed crowd. “Right,” he stared at me icily, “answer these questions. One, did you defend one of them against your own clan?!” He let the question ring around the ground before adding: “Did you protect our adversary against your own family?”
The crowd was shocked and vilified, and Dylain expounded on my rescue of Shumbalic, claiming that I had made a pact with our mortal enemies. Clever! If I now accused him of forming an alliance with them, I’d look both stupid and vengeful.
“So, answer the charge … let everyone hear your heinous crime. Did you defend one of them against your own people, the clan you’ve lived with for ten years?”
I was trapped. Trying to explain myself wasn’t an option. I nodded.
“What? Answer yes, or no! Did you defend one of them against your own kind? These alien devils against your own—”
“Yes.” I had to shut him up.
“Nooo!!!” bayed the riled masses, galled by my actions. “Traitor!” shouted someone. “Off with his head!” yelled another.
Shawz’s voice, I think.
“Order!” Dylain’s voice boomed, and when the crowd quietened down, his tone was cool and measured. “Let me finish with the traitor, this schemer, Scott’s murderer. Right! Number two. Did you kill Scott?”
“No! I did not!” I said defiantly, kneeling upright. The flood of emotion even surprised me; the back of my eyes burned, and I fought to keep the tears at bay.
A cruel, confident smile curled on Dylain’s face as he glared at me. “Ruzzell!” he called without breaking eye contact, and he rubbed his hands together with giddy delight.
With his face blue and his left eye now swollen shut, Ruzzell lumbered forward and handed Dylain something small. For a second, the sunlight reflected off the object. Something metallic.
“Oh, by the way,” said Dylain aloud, deftly holding the moment as his eyes swept across his audience, “if you’re wondering what happened to Ruzzell, the accused here violently head butted him this morning. But…”—he held the mysterious object aloft halting any reaction to my earlier act of self-defence, not giving me time to explain what happened—“…more importantly; in my hands, I hold a weapon. It may look small, but it is deadly.” He swung around to face me. “Tell me, Traitor; have you ever seen this before?”
What? No! Rumbala?
It was Shumbalic’s dart, the one she had shot at me, the one I couldn’t find. Ruzzell must have picked it up.
Which is why he was happy to drop the issue when I explained Shumbalic’s escape. He had what he needed to implicate me.
“Have you seen this before?”
With my chest taut, I had to push out the answer. “Yes.”
“There we have it. The murder weapon … found on the murderer this morning. Ruzzell, his clan leader, can testify to it. This traitor must have kept it as some sort of sick memento, or a trophy of sorts?”
The crowd booed even though his case against me was flimsy. When did Ruzzell supposedly get the weapon off me? Now, when he dragged me to the front? If so, how did they know it was the murder weapon? I knew, however, there would be no way I could appeal to any logic in the crowd. Duped by the hype, they were goaded on by Dylain’s henchmen, positioned among the crowd to spur the audience on towards their ringleader’s twisted objective.
“This traitor has conspired against us. He has used the weapon of our mortal foes, but…” he pranced around on a snake-charm high, “…but how did he pull it off, you might ask. How did he get from his camp to Scott’s?”
I knew I was out of options now; Dylain had thought of everything. I turned to look through the crowd, my eyes travelling over a sea of mad, furious faces looking for just one. A blur ... a raging blur ... before ... then I saw her.
Gellica was on her knees, her face buried in her hands, her whole body heaving, sobbing. Nadalie consoled her, but the look on her tear-streaked face was damning against me. I couldn’t take her disapproval. No prizes for what you think, Nads. I turned back to face my accuser, sinking down onto my haunches.
My heart sank at Dylain’s next words.


Chapter 36

“To answer the riddle of how he got from his camp to Scott’s,” Dylain said enticingly, “I call on a most reliable witness. The traitor’s clan member and best friend, Judd Williams!”
Like death warmed up, Judd stood forward, shuffling on his feet as the crowd drew quiet. “Uh, on two occasions…” he hesitated for a conflicted second, “…I’ve spotted Ristan arriving back to camp at first light,” he agonisingly spat the information out. “It was clear he had been outside the camp boundaries in the dark hours.” Then he looked at me, directly into my eyes. “And the second occasion,” he said, almost questioning me, begging for an answer, “was this morning.”
Again, the audience vented their fury; rage mixed with contempt and spleen. This time, even the Mzees shook their heads vehemently, disgusted with me. I wanted to explain myself, not to my leaders or to the crowd or to Dylain, but to Judd. I so wanted to tell him that he wasn’t wrong in his statement, but that he had jumped to the wrong conclusion. His accurate testimony sealed a false judgment. More than anything else, Judd’s account slammed any last doubts that I might be innocent.
“Tsk, Traitor? You wanted to defend yourself, eh?” Dylain spread his hands out wide and clicked his tongue in mock pity, his face alight with unbridled, delicious smugness. “Using the dark hours to commit your abominable crime. Just like them! Armed with one of their weapons.” Spinning back to his audience, he puffed out his chest. “But … but there’s still one more thing…”
Always the showman! I’m finished, but he wants to plunge the knife deeper.
“This weapon of his,” he waved the dart high in the air, “injects a poison that paralyses a victim before causing excruciating pain. Tell me, Traitor; where does this poison come from?”
I just shook my head despondently. Pointing out that he had lied about the pain inflicted by the weapon would not have helped my plight. I would have to explain why I had so much knowledge about them and their weapons. I had to give Dylain credit. He left nothing to chance.
A mean cur of a human being, he sashayed over to me and without warning, jabbed his forefinger in my left eye. “What is the source of this poison, Traitor?”
I winced as pain tore through my head, and tears filled my eyes—in the background, I heard Dylain’s contemptible horde roar with laughter at my injury. I rubbed my assaulted eyeball only to aggravate my bruised forehead. But suddenly, strangely, the pain dissipated. Almost instantly. Or rather, a horrible thought punctured my already beleaguered mind, and trumped my pain and discomfort. Numbed, I felt an icy-frost envelope me.
How did he know I knew about the poison’s source?
Has Shumbalic betrayed me? Miltredic?
“Answer me, Traitor! What is the source of the poison?”
“The weeds,” I replied short of breath; squinting, my eyes still misted over. No, they were both so sincere, so completely genuine. The moments we had shared could not have been a charade. The only conclusion I could accept was that Miltredic must have been followed. He must be in danger. His family must be at risk.
Shumbalic!
“The what?” said Dylain, his voice shrill with ecstatic delight, revelling in my demise.
I was horribly distracted. “What?”
Dylain scoffed. “What is the source of the poison you used, Traitor?”
“The weeds.”
“The weeds!” Dylain turned to his audience duped by his skulduggery. “This traitor not only murdered our most-vaunted Mzee, a man we all loved deeply and looked up to, but he was planning on killing us all. It was he who planted the weeds along the river in the last year…”
Now I knew how he manipulated the Mzees, why they had consented to this inquisition. He volunteered to clean up the weeds. Perhaps he claimed to have found some link to me. In the wild insanity that characterised our fragile human psyche, pounded by ten years of desperate survival, Dylain had played on the suspicions and phobias of everyone, including the Mzees. I was never going to get a fair hearing, not even in a private setting.
Stumbling around in my own thoughts, it was only now that I realised the throng was baying for a public execution again. Cainn and Ruzzell were masterful rabble-rousers.
“Quiet! Order!” yelled Dylain, and the crowd went silent.
‘Order’ … the signal to his loyal rooters to reel in the audience?
“As I said, before this conspirator asked to defend himself, I too would love nothing better than a public execution given the crimes he has committed, but I offer you an alternative.” Dylain cocked his head and splayed his hands. “No longer can we remain vulnerable to them, and the alliance they have struck with Ristan Abel. If they can get him to turn, what’s to stop it from happening again? Our group of Mzees is old, and it’s weak. Feeble, puny…”
Here we go! The finale, the climax!
The Mzees were clearly not expecting this. They looked at each other baffled, mystified. Dumbstruck.
“I’ve sat in the presence of these codgers for a year now,” Dylain clicked his tongue and waved his hand, “pleading with them for a change to how we do things. Freedom from these old-school values that stifle initiative and independence; that kowtows to the brainless and the spineless. A change that would give us a chance of a future beyond mere survival. But no, they’ve imprisoned us with these conservative boy-scout ethics; forcing us to watch our damn Ps and Qs.” He chewed on a string of curses for effect. “They’re stuck in their ways, and where has that brought us … to the brink of extinction! Enough! Enough I say. I could give you a public execution, but we’d be no safer, no stronger. And this bunch of senile old men and women would want to keep you pathetic and vulnerable.”
The concern and dread I now saw marked across our leaders’ faces caused jets of anger to shoot through my soul. He was humiliating them; men and women who had wisely and selflessly served us at great personal cost.
“Make me Chief, Chief of our people, and I will lead you to a better, more secure future!”
Cainn and Ruzzell started applauding, urging the crowd to do the same. The young men immediately followed suit, mindlessly compliant to his every prompt. The noise was deafening, the support ostensibly overwhelming.
I looked around the audience, my left eye still stinging and moist. Those on their feet cheering made up a third of the entire crowd, yet they tugged at their neighbours, urging them to join in.
A table appeared, carried in by Shawz and Justiz—otherwise known as Mouse, one of the young men who had accompanied Cainn in the morning delegation. Dylain mounted the table and stood above us lapping up the applause. Revelling in his revolution.
“Come on,” he said. “I need your support … this is a day of history, a new beginning. Give me your heart and I will give you this traitor’s head on a plate.”
Yikes! So much for Scott’s way of doing things.
Ruzzell and Cainn both roared and revved Dylain’s zealous converts on feverishly—the fanatical young blades, who seemed first to encourage, then demand and eventually threaten others to their feet. I looked at Judd; dejected and downcast. So down, I thought he would topple over. Reeling on his feet, refusing to clap or cheer. He looked at me momentarily before yanking his head away.
I was just about to turn to see if I could spot Gellica when I felt someone grab me. Arms wrapped tightly around me.
It was her!
She grabbed my face in her hands. “Rist, tell me, please tell me the truth. Did you kill…” her head shook, unable to stomach the possibility, “um, did you?”
I looked her in the eyes. Despite the crazy noise and my cracking headache, despite that my life could end in the next few minutes, a tranquil moment dawned. The riotous noise around us seemed to skirt to the background. The images of chaos and anarchy faded to the edges. I looked into her warm hazel-brown eyes, wet with tears. Beautiful. I had the chance to tell her the truth. I could now find peace.
“Gellica, you know me. I loved Scott like a father,” the tears streamed down my cheeks. “I couldn’t harm him anymore than I could hurt you.”
She ran her fingers along my chin; her eyes, dazzling and uplifting, locked on mine. Time seemed to freeze. She leaned in as her eyes closed. My body trembled. She kissed me, her warm lips pressed against mine, lingering. I kissed her back, wonderful; the pain in my head eased as I breathed her in.
It was our first kiss; it might be our only kiss. In seconds, I felt her pulled away from me as I was jerked to my feet. No! I wanted to spend every moment of my life with her; we might just have had our last.
“Gellica…” my eyes locked on her as Brucie and Cartyr dragged her away. “I love you…”
I wasn’t sure if she heard me … Ruzzell and Cainn lugged me in front of the table Dylain perched on.
“She’s all mine now, Lover Boy,” taunted Ruzzell.
I ignored him.
Did you hear me, Gellica?
“Silence! Order! Right, I receive your vote of confidence. As Head Chief, I make one concession,” he said as he turned to face five terrified Mzees. “I will not only let these elders live, but will retain them as my counsellors. They have much wisdom to share, and I will draw on that acumen if necessary to chart our way forward. Now, that’s enough kind mercies. Hmm, what do we do with the traitor, the one who aligned with our mortal enemies?”
“Kill him! Kill him!” Cainn and Ruzzell worked the crowd, pumping their cronies into action. I heard the Mzees trying to appeal against my death, but their voices were lost in the wall of noise.
A terrifying hush fell upon the crowd as Dylain held his hands up high, charming them into silence. “Kill him, you ask,” he teased before rubbing his hands together. Sneering, he slobbered over his next words: “Yes, yes … let’s do that!”
Dylain’s heart was black as pitch. As dark as a starless, midnight sky. And as septic as a neglected latrine.
I felt a breath escape me, shuddering out so violently it hurt.
My end was near.

Chapter 37

My time was up. Gone.

Walk on then in the wind
Walk on then in the rain
Even if your dreams are tossed and torn

Walk on then, keep hope in your heart
For you’ll ne’er be alone
No, you will ne’er walk alone

Stupid song!
I was alone. On my knees. My last glimmer of hope snuffed out in the hate-filled chants of a mob charmed by a charlatan. Accused of treachery by the very man who sold us out. Ironic tragedy. Wicked drama. I took no delight in the knowledge that at some point in the future, Dylain would be exposed for his betrayal. Thinking he would be the ruler of our people, he would be the first to die at Xakanic’s hand.
A deal with the Devil always ends that way. And it always costs you more than you bargained for.
I could find no pleasure in his demise—it would only signal the end of everyone I cared about.
With the maniacal grin of a warlock about to disembowel a small animal, Dylain drew his steel, a long-bladed hunting knife, and held it aloft to the crowd and an instant, explosive roar of approval. I hadn’t even noticed the blade, even though no one was supposed to carry a weapon into our gatherings. Clearly, he was above the law now.
“Today, I usher in a new rule, sealed by a traitor’s blood!” The rhetoric was trite and dangerous at the same time. The spilling of blood to herald a new day, a ruse to silence me and any information I had acquired from my encounter with Shumbalic.
I swallowed hard and blinked my eyes. The bright rays of sunlight glistened off the razor-sharp blade.
Amid the commotion, a strange hissing noise slowly caught my ears, not quite the sibilation of a snake; more like the wheezing gasp of a geyser. Sharp and loud. Everywhere. Inside me, and all around me. My headache had only deteriorated during the kangaroo-court justice I’d endured; it was now pounding like a drum clobbered by a thousand drumsticks. Perhaps, the racket was something ringing in my ears.
Maybe I’ve burst an eardrum. Or I’m losing my mind.
I whisked my head from side to side, trying to shake the agitating sound. Still, the hissing grew louder. What is that? I dug my fingers into my ears to alleviate the discomfort, trying to silence the relentless drone. Only when the rabble demanding my life grew quieter, a restless quiet, did I realise it wasn’t a sound for my ears only.
 “What’s that? Do you hear that?” The timbre of Ruzzell’s voice was wound tight.
For a fleeting few seconds, the vast gathering area was filled with nothing but our collective breathing.
“It’s coming from the trees behind the Mzees.” A voice I couldn’t identify broke the edgy silence.
“Nah, it’s from the opposite end.” Cainn’s voice.
“Gag! It’s coming from every side,” said a distraught tone I recognised as Shawz’s.
“Dylain, what’s going on?” I heard Sarah ask.
“What is it?”said several voices as panic began to grip a tense crowd.
I caught a look of uncertainty on Dylain’s face, just for a second, as he tried to hunt down the source of the noise. His bluster and bravado had vanished like a conjurer’s magic coin.
The unpleasant smell came next, a pungent, gaseous odour that burnt the nose at first whiff.
“Ouch! Smell that?”
“Ow, gag! That’s nasty!”
“Dank dude! Did you fart?”
A few nervous chuckles were quickly throttled by the growing trepidation.
“What the hell is going on?!” Dylain squirmed under his breath, betraying his own confusion, but no one seemed to notice.
“Look!” I heard someone scream, followed by gasps and shrieks and yelps.
I looked up and rubbed my eyes; lifting my view above the trees encircling us. Smoke was rising from two, four, six … no, eight points around the field. It was certainly the source of the odour; the hissing continued but I couldn’t see the contraptions, hidden from view, creating the noise and coughing the smoke into the air.
It was threateningly peculiar, oddly fascinating. As the smoke ascended into the air, all around the open field, it became darker and thicker instead of lighter and thinner. Aside from the nasty smell, which no longer stung the nose, for a few minutes, the spectacle held the entire crowd spellbound. The special effects assuaged the initial jumpy tension and gave way to a less perturbed atmosphere of oohs and aahs.
“Wow! Look at that!”
“It’s smelly but impressive!”
“Hey, Dylain; you planned this?” I heard Ruzzell ask. “It’s awesome, man! How?”
Cainn looked more perplexed, and I watched as he cut Dylain a hard look. “Is this from … from the old geyser? When did you go see him without—?”
“What old geyser?” asked Ruzzell, his face skewed by surprise and annoyance. “Who’s he talking about, Dylain?”
Whoops! Not everyone’s in the loop.
“Yeah, um … um…” Dylain said rubbing his left hand on his upper thigh; a slight tremble took hold of his right hand in which he clutched his knife. With his jaw slack, the colour slowly drained from his face. While I didn’t know who the ‘old geyser’ in question was, I was pretty confident Dylain, like me, knew who was responsible for this ominous display of smoke. I wasn’t exactly sure what they were up to, but it was certainly their handiwork.
Your dance with the Devil always ends quicker than you think.
“Dyl, what the heck’s going on?” asked Cainn, his underbite jutting out in a bulldog growl.
Dylain was as white as a sheet. His mouth flapped open and closed; for the first time, he was rendered speechless.
Ruzzell’s eyes flicked agitatedly between Dylain and Cainn; it was clear that he was not included within the innermost circle of trust and treachery. I was tempted to poke fun at his exclusion, to point out that he was merely a flunky, not a king; however, this was not the time for small-minded games.
Once the wall of smoke, encircling the field, reached about two hundred strides high, forming a dark, dense smoke tube around us; at the top, it changed direction, pulling inwards from every side, as if coerced by a centripetal force. The penny dropped for me; in reluctant awe, I now knew precisely what was happening. And I wasn’t the only one.
“Wow! It’s closing like a roof over us,” I heard someone say.
“Yeah, like … like we’re under a giant cup…” said another.
Someone else finished off the sentence, “…about to be trapped.”
“Trapped?!” squealed any number of voices at once.
“Oh, gag!” A terrified, tortured tenor tore through the air. “It’s ... it’s going to block out the sun!”
“What?!” gasped several in petrified unison.
“NOOOO!!!!”
Abruptly, we were plunged into pitch darkness, like the closing of a coffin lid. We could see it happening before our eyes, but when it did, it seemed so sudden, so shocking … one moment we were gleaming in the bright, midday sunlight, the next we were swallowed up in the darkest night in the middle of the day. It was like someone walked over in full view and turned out the lights.
Blackness. Total.
The panic-stricken screams were enough to make a brave man tremble, and I was sure that most, if not all, now had an inkling of who was behind this.
Our mortal enemies.
Them.
I heard an almighty commotion behind me, as shrieking people tripped over each other; in a riotous frenzy: colliding, pushing, bashing—driven by frantic fear, blinded by smothering darkness. Chaotic panic. Someone squealed close by … and the sounds of shoving, striking, stomping buffeted my ears. I couldn’t see anything in the pitch-black, and remained fixed to my spot on my knees. Fists clenched in a boxer’s brace, shielding myself from being run over, determined not to be trampled upon.
The blackout persisted for what seemed an eternity and the only noise besides the panic-stricken clamour of the crowd was the relentless, droning wheeze of the machines belching smoke into the air. Then merciful relief from the enforced blindness came as eight small purple balls streaked into the space well above our heads. Like inverted flashes of lightning, they scorched my dilated pupils at first. I wasn’t sure where they were launched from, but they seemed to get stuck, suspended magically, a hundred strides in the air. And once in position, they began to grow.
What the…? Geez! They’re growing!
The shade of purple was unmistakable, the same colour as the light from Miltredic’s chest crystal, only a hundred times more powerful. The orbs immediately illuminated our Gathering Place in an eerie, electric-purple lustre. I cast my sore eyes around the area. Several bodies lay unmoving on the ground, trodden over by frenzied friends in the pitch-dark bedlam.
A few of us had simply held our position; all the Mzees had, and so had Judd. Dylain had crawled under the table he had pranced upon just minutes ago. The rest of the crowd was huddled in the centre of the field, one giant mass of terrified arms, and legs, and heads, and torsos. I ran over to the mangled body closest to me, flattened by frightened friends, to see if I could resuscitate him or her … him!
Jordi! No! Oh, God, no!
He wasn’t breathing, and I couldn’t feel a pulse. “No!” I slammed my fist into the ground.
I’m so sorry, Victor.
Kneeling beside his body, I checked his vitals again. And a third time. The tormented look of agony that stretched his face into a frozen, terrified rictus told me that he died as he had lived. In absolute dread. I closed his eyes and chewed on my lip.
As the hovering purple lights overhead grew brighter—they now appeared to be at full-size, roughly four times as big as a soccer ball—those jumbled in the centre fanned out slightly, as the mad hysteria eased into a curious, fearful apprehension. I saw at least eight … no; nine other mangled bodies scattered around the field. Two of them looked to be moving, showing signs of life.
“Hey, check on them and—!” I yelled, but I didn’t get to finish my sentence.
The deafening sound of applause crashed over us, ricocheting around the field. At first, the sound seemed to come from a hundred pairs of clapping hands. In seconds, however, it was clear that the reverberation emanated from the pair of just one set of hands. Powerful, enormous hands. Through the wall of smoke directly behind Dylain’s cowering hunk under the table entered the ugliest creature I had ever seen. He clapped in mock applause, and his whole body shook in delirious laughter.
Xakanic!
A fevered chill ran down my spine.
He bestrode a square platform with elaborate gold railings adorned with purple, green, blue and red jewels, carried on the shoulders of four large, straining male Zikalic warriors. Dressed in a blazing purple robe with striking red and green stripes, a massive scimitar hung from a richly ornamented baldric across his trunk. Open at the chest; his torso was covered in bristling, black hair as was his bare arms, legs and neck.
He was shocking on the eyes. Utterly.
While his body itself was slender, his arms, hands, legs, feet and head were gigantic, yet still his ears, eyes and nose were drastically bloated out of all proportions, defying imagination. His mouth was so wide; he appeared to have no cheeks, and his large, protruding eyes made him look deranged, interchanging between red and purple and various hues in between.
I hate him!
Ten years of hate finally found a mark.


Chapter 38

Xakanic was unspeakably grotesque; if he was not so utterly frightening, he might actually look droll. More ogre or troll than chimp. Even for me, having met Miltredic just twelve hours earlier, the sight of the Head Chief of the Zikalic was unbearable—his intimidating laughter and deriding applause were the only sounds to be heard. While I expected the crowd to howl in fear, I realised they were deathly quiet. Unspeakable horror paralysed us all except for those who, with a dull thud, began to swoon across the field.
And all of a sudden, I became conscious of hundreds of Zikalic standing around the circumference of the field, surrounding us, as if they’d been there all the time. They must have been stationed behind or within the wall of smoke and on some prearranged signal, stepped through it like one would a curtain. I hadn’t heard a specific signal, nor did I actually see them step into our side of the smoke wall. They were just … there. Their eyes alternating between a burning red and a dark, haunting purple.
I wasn’t the only one who had now become aware of their foreboding presence. In what was almost synchronised timing, we all seemed to notice their appearance—abruptly, unexpectedly—and this sent bolts of hysterical alarm through our ranks; behind me, the knot of humanity tightened into the smallest possible tangled configuration in the middle of the field. There was no place to run. No place to hide. And screaming didn’t help.
I heard someone vomit violently, the tension too much for his stomach, and the strong stench of urine wafted my way as someone else’s bladder gave up.
Keeping my own bodily functions in check, maintaining my inconspicuous kneeled position, I scanned the ring of Zikalic warriors, numbering several hundred at a guess. I realised they were not young Zikalic; these were adult warriors, ferocious killing-machines. On their left side hung a scimitar; on their right side, a laser gun in holster. Xakanic’s intention was presumably to terrorise. If so, he had exceeded expectations.
How did they all get here?
I was dumbfounded. In the middle of the day, this legion of warriors, led by their Head Chief, seemingly appeared out of nowhere … having turned the bright, cloudless sky above our Gathering Place into midnight.
Much to my relief, Xakanic finally stopped laughing and ceased his incessant clapping. It was only when he stopped that I realised my entire body had been impulsively twitching every time he clapped. Trembling. My left hand still quavered. I ground my teeth to stop them chattering and watched those carrying the Zikalic ruler come to a halt just a few strides from where Dylain lay grovelling under his table.
To my surprise, my headache was gone, and my mind was clear. The terror and stupefaction of all that had transpired must have erased the pain. But I didn’t have time to enjoy the reprieve. I clenched my left hand into a fist to stop the shaking.
“Dylain! My loyal ally,” the monstrous Zikalic bellowed, “what are you doing under the table? This is no way for a Chief to behave. Come on … up, up, up! Introduce me to your subjects.”
Dylain quivered uncontrollably, gaping without words like a wild thing trapped. The look of sheer horror graven into his face at the sight of Xakanic told me one thing: he had not met the Zikalic leader in person, or perhaps the clandestine conference had been conducted in pitch darkness.
Yes, that probably sounds like Xakanic. Saving the shock and awe for now.
“Why … why now?” I heard Dylain find the words in a snivel. “I thought … I thought we had a—”
“Now, Dylain! Get up!” the Head Chief of the Zikalic roared; his eyes blazing red, his lips and ears and nose shaking with the force of the blast. Even after he finished speaking his distended facial features continued wiggling as Dylain strained to get to his feet.
“Up!” Xakanic growled. I was close enough to see Dylain showered in slobber from the monster’s order. “On your perch, little human. You wanted to be a Chief.”
As Dylain lifted himself on the table, it seemed the full weight of the truth spread swiftly through the mass cluster of humanity like an infectious disease. “What? Dylain!” rasped a hundred shrill voices.
“Silence!” demanded Xakanic in a sonorous timbre. “Your Chief must introduce his Sovereign!”
Quailing, Dylain turned to face the crowd; his shoulders drooped, and his mug twisted in terrible fear. The parading rooster was certainly plumped and plucked. “Th-this is Xakanic,” he clucked, “Head Chief of the Zikalic people … Ruler of all Ede … Z-Zika—”
“Louder!” boomed Xakanic as he jumped off his platform and strode alongside Dylain’s table. It was then that I noticed he was easily over six feet tall, a monster of a Zikalic.
Dylain coughed to clear his throat. “I present to you, Xakanic, Head Chief of the Zikalic people, Ruler of all Zika,” he tried to raise his tight voice, “and we are now a tribe under his sovereign rule … bow, please bow.” Dylain got on one knee and bowed. I heard the commotion of hundreds of humans bowing to their new master.
And with that, I stood up.
I was not sure why I did. Yes, my knees were killing me having knelt throughout the ordeal, but everything in me detested everything about this monster. It was not that I intended to be defiant; it was just that I didn’t want to be subservient.
Xakanic glowered at me in an amalgam of both surprise and indignation. “Who is this puny human insect that dares to defy me? Chief Dylain, who?”
Dylain looked at me aghast; his eyes wide in bewilderment. “Rist … please Ristan, just please … please bow.”
“Rist Ristan,” repeated Xakanic, as he seemed to chew on my name. “So … the infamous Rist. Little friend of Shumbalic…”—the monster masticated on his words as his face screwed up in disgust—“… I have heard much about you.”
I stood my ground as the monster came to inspect me. I knew in that second Shumbalic’s life was in danger; perhaps, she was already dead. But I couldn’t cave in now.
“Insolent, are we not?” he scowled at me dementedly, before glancing at Dylain sideways as his cheek-less mouth somehow pulled into a cruel sneer. “Chief Dylain, do command him to bow. Quickly!” I could swear Xakanic was deriving great pleasure from this, even though his eyes remained raging red in colour.
He is abnormal, mad. Psycho.
“Ristan, please … you endanger us all, just bow,” said Dylain, his hands clasped together in desperate petition. “Th-this is seriously not the time to—”
“I endanger us all?” I took my chance. Xakanic wanted to be amused, and I was going to give it to him. Showing some spirit might just buy us some time. “Me?” I glared at Dylain, “You yellow-bellied, two-faced, chicken-hearted coward!”
“Please, Rist?” His eyes widened as his once handsome face wrenched into a tortured mask of fear.
I inhaled sharply. “You were going to execute me for a heinous crime you’re guilty of, making an alliance with this … this thing here!” Easy now! I dared not even cast half an eye in Xakanic’s direction; instead, I continued my verbal assault on Dylain. “And you killed Scott, didn’t you? Didn’t you?!”
I lost it now. In that tiny sliver of time, I saw red and filtered out everything but Dylain from view. I ran at him, leapt into the air, and shoulder-charged him off the table. As I landed on my feet, he crashed heavily to the ground, and immediately curled up into a ball squealing for mercy. I loomed over him, wanting to beat the snot out of him, but he looked so pathetic, so pitiful. Despite my eyes on fire and my head shaking involuntarily on my shoulders in disgust, I managed to bridle my rage. Just.
“You’re not worth it,” I spat.
Xakanic burst into voluminous laughter, “Ha ha! Looks like I chose the wrong human. You are a plucky little insect, are you not?” Still holding his belly, his ugly mug broke into a strange, sardonic smile. “These words you use. Yellow-bellied. Chicken-hearted. I do not understand their intended meaning. In my tongue, peratu biyame would be the ultimate insult. Peratu means inside,” he tapped his chest, “or you would say ‘heart.’ Biyame is our word for the pathetic, snivelling creature you call Hog.” His smile widened as he cackled. “Dylain is peratu biyame. He has the heart of a Hog.” And with that, the vile Head Chief’s entire body rocked as he chortled again.
Ignoring the lesson in Zikalic derision, I faced Xakanic, having reined in my fury. Everything inside me was trembling, yet I stared at him steely-eyed. “Xakanic, Head Chief of the Zikalic. I entreat you. We are no threat to you, or your people. Have mercy on us.”
“Ristan, Ristan, Ristan … you see, that is not possible.” Xakanic laced his huge hands together on his stomach. “I have made a promise to my people … to feed you to Mizumba, my beasts. We have got the most wonderful Great Arena; you will see it soon. If I do not make good on my promise, I will have unhappy people indeed. And no king wants to disappoint his people. Even you pathetic little creatures must understand that?” His face broke into a demented smile.
“And Shumbalic? She’s one of your people, what about her?”
“Yes,” a snarl replaced his smile in a heartbeat, “that is another story altogether now. Her and her meddling father and mother, a terrible blight on our great name as a people. Scrawny and snivelling they are. When the people hear of their treachery—”
“Have you harmed them?” I couldn’t help but ask, even though the question sounded more like an accusation.
With his broad, bulging nose twitching ridiculously, he grunted and snuffled the air, as though he could discern my character from my scent. “You show concern for them? Then you are as weak as they are.”
“Have you hurt them?” Again, I couldn’t soften the question, strung tight with tension as I was.
“Careful how you talk to me, puny insect,” his eyes blazed a sharper, furious red, and I realised I had pushed it too far. “Miltredic and his family are imprisoned for treason. They will watch me feed you to Mizumba, and then they too will suffer for their betrayal. If you must know, my spies followed Miltredic last night. Once the two of you left Mzee Scott, they alerted Dylain and helped him. Helped him and his cohorts end the life of your dear, venerated leader…” Xakanic spread both his hands out as if he expected me to applaud, “…setting in motion the glorious events of today—”
“No!!” screamed a number of voices from the crowd unable to contain their emotions, the depths to which they had been deceived now fully revealed.
“Ohhhh … I love the sound of your pain,” laughed the abhorrent Xakanic. “You humans will fill my Great Arena with great pleasure.” He jumped onto Dylain’s table, and blasted: “Now, shut up! Listen carefully. We will return to my bejewelled city, the City of Zika, to get ready for the festivities planned. In a moment, my warriors will bind you in pairs and then march you off in silence. You will remain silent for the entire journey, or you will not arrive at my city alive. Anyone who utters a word will die and cost the life of the human he or she...”—a manic grin split his face at his apparent mastery of the English language—“...is bound to. Yes, be afraid, much afraid … my beasts love the smell of terror.” He leapt off the table.
“But first, a taste of my hospitality,” he said, turning to Dylain. “Dylain! Dylain, get up! Stand up proud and tall like a Chief!”
Dylain struggled to his feet, his whole body convulsing. Fear had long since drained his face of any trace of colour, and sweat and dirt plastered his hair tight against his head.
“Stand up, stand tall and proud! Yes, that is better. Before you all, I make good on my word. Today, I authorise Dylain as Chief of the human tribe.” He drew his scimitar, a long curved sword, which glowed purple in the light projected from above.
Twisted with terror, Dylain’s face was morose, deathly pale. As pallid as some deep-ocean critter hauled to the surface in a fisherman’s net; his glazed, glassy eyes enhanced the pasty fish-likeness. There was no hint of the showman now. No ego left. No more self-aggrandising. Like a deflated balloon; like a shrivelled melon, Dylain fiddled with his hands and still twitching, his jaws flapped uselessly as he muttered gibberish under his breath.
 “You see; I place my blade on his right shoulder like this and…”


Chapter 39

As effortlessly and calmly as a jungle toad catching a bug with its sticky tongue, the Ruler of Zika pulled back his huge sword with blinding power and speed. A flash. A blur of quicksilver, the forte of the blade slashing through Dylain’s neck. The contorted fear and confusion on his face abruptly halted; his features went deadpan, blank. Illuminated by the eerie purple hue from the crystal orbs overhead, ghostly. And then Dylain’s head rolled off his shoulders, and his body collapsed in a heap as a spurt of crimson arced high into the air.
I don’t think there was ever any doubt in anyone’s mind that Xakanic was going to do anything other than decapitate him, yet still; the distressed shock dispatched from the crowd was like a sudden explosion. A roar of emotion that was just as quickly sucked back into startled mouths, giving way to a terrified hush as Xakanic spun around to stare us down.
The Ruler of Zika burst into throaty laughter. “Puny human! He thought he could ally with me! And do you not all feel so, so pathetically foolish.” He held on to his stomach in another fit of hideous hilarity, his eyes flaring red, and then, with his long, dark, worm-like tongue; he licked Dylain’s blood from his scimitar’s handle.
Negotiating the shiver that crawled down my spine at the gory sight, I noticed that at no point did any of the four platform-bearers, or any of the hundreds of warriors for that matter, so much as display a hint of emotion. Their now dark-purple eyes and vacant, detached expressions, irradiated ominously by the purple lights, projected a chilling sense of slavish obedience.
“You gave your allegiance to this wretched traitor,” continued Xakanic enamoured by his own voice, “and you nearly executed the very one who almost sabotaged my grand plan.” He belly laughed again, his derisory tone flaying our fragile collective spirit to pulp. “I could not have planned this better. You are a weak, cowardly species … and today you all die. Everyone of you!”
Mastering my own fear, resisting the strong urge to collapse in a heap and play possum, it then occurred to me that at no point did I see a hint of blue in Xakanic’s eyes. Even during his bouts of mirth that seemed unrehearsed and genuine, his eyes never evolved beyond an intense dark-purple shade. Was he soulless? Was he all-monster? Was he incapable of compassion or mercy?
 “Grata-grata-zolo-zolo,” he barked out orders in the harsh Zikalic tongue, and his warriors immediately closed in on the horrified human huddle, binding them in pairs with what seemed like, from where I was standing, gleaming purple bands.
“You!” he strode towards me with his scimitar still drawn. I froze. I could taste the fear in the back of my throat, and dread filled the pit of my stomach.
Slithering up to me, his eyes red but his expression otherwise unreadable, he brought the sharp blade to rest on my right shoulder, and then in horrible, theatrical slow-motion, he slid the curved blade on to my left, before poking me in the stomach—evidently trying to unnerve me. He totally succeeded, but I refused to show it. Grinding my teeth until my jaw ached and holding a white-knuckled grip on the sides of my pants helped me keep an outward impression of equanimity. Inside, battered by a tempest of terror, I was on the verge of shipwreck.
I won’t let you see it, Xakanic.
Snarling, he sniffed the air around me as his slimy, dark-purple tongue flicked out of the right side of his mouth and slid across his lips, coating them in a layer of dribble. “You…” his eyes ran up and down my frame with a look of scorn, “…you come with me.” He turned and spouted some orders to one of his platform-bearers.
The warrior marched toward me, and I noticed he held two twenty centimetre-long, rigid purple strips in his hand. He grabbed my left arm and slapped the first strip against my wrist. It instantly curled and snapped tight with a pinch; wrapping around my wrist like a sweatband. He then did the same to my right wrist with the second strip. As this band snapped shut, it must have activated a magnetic force in the bands since my wrists slammed together painfully. I instinctively winced despite my best efforts to remain impassive.
The warrior then threaded a rope between my fastened hands. Tied to the platform, I was dragged behind Xakanic, who was aloft again on the platform shouldered by his bearers. Without another word, we headed toward the wall of smoke.
Jordi!
It was only then that I remembered Jordin and the other trampled bodies. They would be left behind on the field, their bodies to be devoured by the Raptor or any other number of carnivores and scavengers. I’m so sorry, Victor. I’ve failed you. A crippling pressure bore down on my chest, and I struggled for breath.

***

The trip to the City of Zika, situated in what we called the Shadow Valleys, turned out to be quicker than I could have imagined. The route we took also answered the mystery of how Xakanic, and all his warriors, had magically emerged in our midst.
As I was yanked behind his procession, the Ruler of Zika jabbered away, gloating of his power and glory and superiority and … just about every other English word for praise he knew. He had clearly studied us, and our language, with great care—a psychotic attention to detail.
Xakanic then went on to explain how he had built the underground tunnel we now hiked through, linking the City of Zika to our place of gathering.
The Zikalic had completed the impressive tunnel in just three moons, and he had kept it secret from the other Chiefs of Zika. Apparently, it gave him an advantage in the betting stakes, which he was determined to win. By any and all means necessary.
The tunnel was completed nearly a full moon ago; still it seemed my random meeting with Shumbalic had forced him to hasten his plan.
“You! You nearly spoiled things for me,” he said with a snort, glancing back for a moment, his massive bulk perched up high in front of me. “That feeble Dylain was moving so slowly, struggling to incite division among your Mzees. Things accelerated a little after we killed that meddling Victor. Still, Dylain failed to deliver. But then you met Shumbalic, and my plans nearly unravelled. I had to step in quickly; otherwise, Mzee Scott would have exposed Dylain. Then I would have missed out on the glorious fun we just experienced, see?”
I didn’t say anything; not wanting to give him reason to stop talking. I knew he didn’t need my help to keep blabbing on and on and on … and I needed to extract all the information I could. Images of Jordin’s mangled body assailed me in my weaker moments, which were frequent. The nagging guilt of my failure to protect him lashed at my stomach. But above the raking remorse, the gnawing sadness of Scott’s death tortured my mind. I couldn’t bring myself to accept it. Questions drilled a deep hollow in my soul, but I forced my thoughts into some semblance of order.
Just focus. On what’s in front of you. Survive this.
The tunnel was impressive. Easily twenty strides wide and ten strides high, it was illumined by purple glowing orbs suspended overhead every forty strides or so. How they developed this underground highway; I had to admit, was beyond remarkable. Clearly, they had access to advanced resources we hadn’t yet discovered; presumably, the power source behind the purple lights could be harnessed in multiple ways.
The surface beneath my feet was smooth, level and clear of all obstructions unlike the uneven, spongy jungle ground with its foot-grabbing tangle of roots, unseen divots and boulders, and myriad of mantraps—poison-tipped thorns, treacherous sinking sand, spider webs and gargantuan bugs, and steaming, stinking piles of animal faeces.
“I always wanted to make my appearance at one of your delightful little Gatherings,” he muttered away in his condescending tone. “Of course, we could have killed you all in a one-night blitz, but where would the pleasure in that be? Crowd panic, collective hysteria, deceit, betrayal ... it was wonderful!” He roared in glottal laughter, and the platform swayed from side to side under his weight—even though he was never in danger of toppling off.
Pity.
“I would have let him kill you,” Xakanic chortled and glanced over his shoulder to savour my discomfort; his face twisted in cruel delight. “I was going to let Dylain slit your throat once I had made my impressive entrance, but he turned out to be such a cowardly human being. Lopping off his head in front of his subjects … that was always how I imagined it!” The despicable Zikalic Chief erupted into another grating, guttural gush.


Chapter 40

Even though the underground tunnel made our journey so much quicker than an on-the-ground march through the thick, untamed jungle, it was still a very long way. I realised the distance to the Shadow Valleys was shorter than the thirty treks we had assumed, but cajoled and harassed; tied up as we were, it took us well over three hours to get to our destination.
Xakanic grew frustrated by the end, bemoaning the sheer uselessness of the human species, and that our eradication would rid the universe of another poorly developed, weak constituent. Needless to say, his belly-aching did not make the hike any easier to bear.
But then we arrived. And the unending sameness of the tunnel, the headache inducing glow of the purple lighting, and the fear of our inevitable demise gave way to the splendour and grandeur and magnificence of a jewelled city.
I was the first human to exit the tunnel behind a proud, chest-thumping Xakanic still riding high on his own glory, and the shoulder-hoisted platform.
“Behold, the City of Zika!” he announced to himself. “A suitable reflection of my own fame and…”
I didn’t catch the rest of his self-exalting declaration; instead, my eyes gorged on the breathtaking sights that greeted them.
A colossal cover of sorts, an opaque, glass-like dome stretching north, south, east and west as far as my eyes could see, blotted out the sky and the sun. Similar to the sunshields that enclosed Earth’s last cities; still, my mind reeled, and questions raced to the surface.
It’s absolutely … ginormous! But why can’t we see it from camp? Maybe it reflects the light somehow?
The magnificent dome was adorned with brilliant purple, blue, green and red crystals—exactly the same shape as the purple lights that had lit up our Gathering Place earlier—only brighter and bigger. These orbs hung suspended at different heights, all higher than a hundred strides in the air, defying gravity, sparkling like stars above. Even without any natural light, it seemed as vivid as noonday … only with a softer, more colourful hue. And a delightful, scented aroma filled my nose; leaving me feeling dizzy.
Incense? A similar scent to what I smelt on Miltredic.
“Beautiful, is it not?” purred the Ruler of Zika. I realised he was looking at the wonder etched on my face. My response, a small assenting grunt gurgled in my throat—coherent words trapped in my swollen gorge. “See!” he continued brazenly. “My creation, even more beautiful than the sun and the moon. Come!”
Based on our positioning under the covering canopy I knew we had popped up somewhere in the middle of the city. Even so, it was clear that the city was built above the marshy valley floor, which I could catch glimpses of, some ten strides below. Though modernistic and highly-developed, the city was an immense, glorified “tree-house” megalopolis, built into the willow-like trees that presumably acted as part of the founding structure of the awe-inspiring metropolis … a city concealed in the shadows of the valley lands.
The highways and byways of interconnecting streets, including the one I was hauled along, were wide and possibly made of wood, although they seemed as firm and solid as concrete. A network of rope-like vines criss-crossed the streets some five strides above, giving the Zikalic two avenues of travel.
The streets and vines were relatively busy with the city’s denizens moving in all sorts of directions, doing whatever they did at this time of the day. Only one or two noticed our arrival at this point.
Before us loomed a massive arena reminiscent of pictures I had seen of sport stadiums on Earth. Only more primal, more daunting.
Yes, a little like that ancient arena in Rome before the Oil War turned Europe into rubble.
I had never seen a sport event before, sports and athletics had long been abandoned by the time I was born. With Earth on the verge of a meltdown, all I had to go on were books and some old Digi-Holo footage my parents gave me, connecting me to a day when sport was an Earth-luxury.
When my hands were jerked forward by my Zikalic shackles, I realised that I was dawdling; it was clear that Xakanic was marching us straight into the arena.
His Great Arena awaits … and our demise.
Just as I heard the clatter and rattle of the next humans entering the city, some thirty strides behind me, their unbridled expressions of wonder and awe at the sight of the City carrying easily to me through the fragrant, windless air; suddenly, from all directions, the Zikalic people appeared in their droves. I inhaled deeply, filling my lungs with sweet air, trying to muster some resolve from the embers of my charred despondency.
Xakanic bellowed in his astringent native tongue, and whatever he said, the people’s response was one of cheering and clapping and laughing and even foot stomping. Feet-cum-hand stomping? While Xakanic soaked up the applause directed his way, I felt like a herded animal whose life existed merely to amuse—which, of course, I was.
Excitable Zikalic thronged on either side of us forming a gauntlet through which we had to trudge the humiliating stretch from the exit of the tunnel to the Great Arena, some three or four hundred strides in length. I looked around to see at least a hundred humans had exited the tunnel, spilling into the street like a broken riverbank; the whites of their gawking eyes catching the predominant purple glow, making them look zombie-like. Our collective fear and trepidation were tangible, and I caught myself before I retched.
Taking deep breaths to preserve my sanity, I espied the faces of Judd and Matthew near the front of the ‘human herd,’ Ruzzell and Sarah towards the middle. No sign of Gellica. There were still more than two hundred people underground.
Please God, let her be alive.
The initial wonder that had illuminated the countenance of my people had quickly melted in the face of the hordes of Zikalic—men, women and children—who openly scorned us with brutal disdain. Knowing our language, they spat out words like puny, ugly, pathetic and scrawny to describe us. While humiliating, the words that really punished us were words like death, torture, pain, and Mizumba food—phrases we knew presaged our fate in the arena itself.
The Zikalic wore garishly colourful attire limited in the most part to purple, green, red and blue. I found the appearance of their children cute, even beautiful, and the women attractive—in Zikalic terms that is. However, the men were ugly, hideous: their bigger facial features excessively out of proportion, but none of them nearly as grotesque as Xakanic. And only one or two that I could see were significantly over five feet tall. At over six feet, Xakanic was indeed a freak in every way.
I looked for a friendly, concerned face among the Zikalic who mocked us, but found none. With the colour of their eyes burning a reddish purple, their expressions communicated only contempt and ridicule. Where were the many Shumbalic claimed were sympathetic to our cause? Had they all been arrested? Perhaps the sympathy they articulated in theory had now been abandoned when we needed it expressed in practice.
The emptiness of good intentions?
Then I caught a glimpse. Just the briefest of sights before I was pulled through the giant main entrance of the Great Arena; cutting off all view of the Zikalic throng and the city itself.
A timid face in the crowd.
A hesitant human face.
A pet, a Zikalic pet.
A young woman with a quaint visage dressed and dolled up with excessive, droll makeup of sorts.
I had caught her gaze for just a second, before she hid her face in shame.


Chapter 41

The quietness of the empty arena was stark, almost deafening. The contrast from the bustling street, lined with noisy and boisterous Zikalic, was both a relief and a shock. I was immediately confronted with the dusty arena ground before me, the place on which I would surely die.
Leaping down from his platform, Xakanic barked out fresh orders in his grating, guttural dialect. One of the warriors, who had carried him, an impressive Zikalic male with one ear missing and a scar across his cheek longer than my own, moved towards me. His purple eyes absently fixed on my disfigurement as he hurriedly unfastened the bonds around my wrists by somehow deactivating the magnetic force; the bands uncurled and instantly snapped back into their rigid state once more.
I massaged my wrists. Although I had easily kept up with the bearers, the bands had been cinched painfully tight and any tug, although infrequent, had cut into my flesh.
“I will see you soon human … too soon for your liking perhaps,” Xakanic taunted me, his lips curling into a deformed, menacing grin. It was only now that I noticed how yellow and jagged his teeth were. His dark tongue darted out of the side of his mouth again, and his nostrils flared before he turned around and departed the arena. A hundred things came to my mind to say, but every one of them slipped from my grasp of thoughts like a slimy eel before I could wrap my lips around them.
The four Zikalic who had carried his platform left me in the centre of the arena and then strode to four different points around the stadium floor, where they stationed themselves as guards. Their cold, crimson eyes fixed intently on me.
I was alone for a few minutes; in the dust on which my blood would spill. It was a dreadfully unreal feeling. Despite a decade of staving off Death, for the first time, I welcomed it. I suppose, knowing its cold certainty; I now hastened the end.
I’m tired, so freaking tired.
I could only guess that I was supposed to wait until the rest of my people were dragged in, so I took the opportunity to get acquainted with this daunting death-bowl in the middle of the City of Paradise. Keeping my mind active would help me fight off pictures of Jordi’s crumpled body and the harrowing guilt of my failure.
The Great Arena was massive, staggering. Spellbinding. I inhaled harshly, the influx of air stinging my lungs.
The ground area was similar in size to our Gathering Place. Rather than grass underfoot, it had dry sand compacted into a hard floor. Instead of surrounding trees and bush, it was encircled by three steep, structured levels, built out of a concrete-like substance, each filled with thousands upon thousands of seats.
The first level, closest to the action, was almost ten strides high above the ground—a height that even a Sabre couldn’t scale. Shielded by an elaborately decorated guardrail, the seats on tier one were plush and extravagant—no doubt reserved for royalty. The crowing piece was at the south point of the first level: positioned on an enormous balcony that ran easily thirty strides wide, perched an exorbitant throne ornamented with countless jewels.
No prizes for who sits there!
The second level of the arena was relatively well furnished, although distinctly a step down from the royalty-level. The third level, some thirty strides high, was vastly different—obviously for the poorer classes. It had nothing but benches, although the third level was as big as both the first and second level, almost a double-level in itself. Presumably, the poorer Zikalic vastly outnumbered the wealthy.
So typical of a tyrant’s rule.
As an anxious breath wheezed out of me and I dropped my eyes to the ground-level, I became aware of three large entry-points to the arena, smaller in size than the northern main entrance I had been hauled in through. These access-points were all closed by mammoth wooden doors fronted by a thick metal-barred portcullis. I suspected that it was from these entrances that Xakanic would release the beasts he called Mizumba.
As if on cue, the thunderous roar of a Sabre emanated from the southernmost entrance, underneath Xakanic’s throne. My heart missed a beat, or three. I fought every instinct to run. To find a tree somewhere.
Oh, geez. Mizumba means Sabre. Of course, it does.
It was only when I heard several shrieks behind me that I realised about twenty of my people were now unbound, and had hobbled their way to the centre of the arena, joining me in the dirt. The pinched, petrified pallor on their faces mirrored my feelings. Death wouldn’t necessarily come quickly, but it was certain.

***

In despairing silence, every one of the last human beings in the universe now stood on the dusty ground of the empty arena. Dead silence. A dreadful, haunting stillness.
It only then dawned on me that besides the arena itself, I was the object of most people’s attention. I shifted on my feet feeling awkward as my cheeks grew warm. Perhaps they thought I knew something that would help them, or maybe they felt guilty for having bayed for an innocent man’s blood.
I tried to occupy myself with surveying the arena one more time, hoping beyond hope that I could find something that might give us a chance of survival. Surrounded by my kind and kin, I found the last residue of my instinct to live. I don’t want to die today. Not like this. I guess I should have been looking for Gellica, but the dread of running into the Mzees or Judd or even Ruzzell riveted me to my spot. How would they react? How would I react? It was all too much to worry about given our frightful quandary.
I had just started counting the number of Zikalic warriors now standing watch over us, some thirty or forty strides from where we clustered in the dirt, when I heard Sarah’s voice call out: “Please sit down everybody! Please can you sit down? Yes, right where you are … Sit!”
I plopped down on my backside, propped my arms on my legs, dropped my head between my knees and rubbed the rugged scar on my face. My mind was spinning, trying to figure out how we could stand up against Xakanic, or appeal to the Zikalic masses, or escape before the horror show even began. How do you move three-hundred-plus, exhausted, hungry, terrified people without being seen? I fought off the crippling feelings of despair, and only vaguely heard Sarah’s voice in the background of my thoughts.
“…I know we are all scared, tired and thirsty … I know things look absolutely dismal at this point, but we do have to find the courage to redeem ourselves. I’m not talking about surviving this arena, for I’m not sure that’s going to happen…”—Sarah’s tone remained even, her courage unflinching—“...I am talking about reclaiming our own humanity; about making right the criminal wrong we are all guilty of.
“To my undying shame, to our undying shame,” she continued, a tremor in her timbre, “we let Dylain talk us into insurrection and worst of all, to accuse and…” Her voice now broke; something I’d never heard before. I stole a glance her way; she touched her hand to her chin to manage the quiver of her lips. “And for some to demand the execution of an innocent man … an immensely brave man, a young man who Scott dearly loved like his own s-s-son … s-s-sorry; I’m so sorry, Rist … s-sorry—”
Before Sarah uncharacteristically burst into raking sobs and bitter weeping, I felt hot, tingling tears streak down my own face and plop to the ground where they turned the dirt into mud. Flushed, I tried to blink the tears away and buried my head down between my legs, hoping her apology would end quickly; loathing any attention directed my way. At her mention of Scott’s name, and how he felt about me; I felt my tears break into a gusher, and I fought to restrain the heaving of my chest.
Oh, God … God of my father, give me strength.
Overcome by the crazy-intensity of the moment, compounded by our knife-edge predicament, many around me were blubbering, too.


Chapter 42

“Uhh … urhh,” I heard Matthew clear his throat even as Sarah’s sobbing continued. “What Sarah was saying is that while we don’t know all the details, we bought into Dylain’s lies. And even though many of you might not have demanded Ristan’s death—shame on those who did!—we are all guilty; some for action, others for inaction. Of the latter, as a Mzee, I am a chief offender.” I heard him work hard to keep his voice measured. “Ristan, please can you forgive us? It appears you were actually trying to stop Dylain’s mutiny. Ristan … Ristan, can you please come forward? We wronged you publicly. We need to make this right in public.”
I wanted the ground to open up and swallow me. I wanted to shout and scream and rant and rave, to remind him that we didn’t have time for this; we had to find a way to escape the arena, to survive the Sabres. And I wanted justice for Jordin, and the others who had been trampled to death.
Most of all, I wanted to reverse time somehow and save Scott. Do whatever I did yesterday differently … anything to bring him back. Oh, Scott … sorry! I felt paralysed by a barrage of emotion that pummelled my soul; however, Scott’s kind face remained ever before me, emblazoned in my mind’s eye.
I felt two men pick me up to my feet, and lead me to the front. I wanted to fight them off, kick them away, but I felt completely weak. Riddled with emotion, void of strength. I just about couldn’t sludge one foot in front of the other.
Please stop.
It was only when we halted in front of those assembled that I realised both Judd on my left and Dixan on my right were bawling like babies. I now heard the gut-wrenched mutterings they were trying hard to express.
“Rist, I’m so sorry.”
“Forgive me, bro.”
Stop, please stop. Just please…
Sarah then flung her arms around me. “Rist,” she wailed, grief and tears punctuating her dark-brown eyes. “I let you down. I just stood by while you were ... you were…”
I didn’t hear the rest of what she said. It seemed as though everybody was asking for my forgiveness. All at once. A hundred requests, a cacophony of lament. Without question, all stricken with grief over Scott’s pointless death. A requiem for the dead—charged no doubt by our own demise close at hand. Their sorrow, bundled with remorse, projected my way. The emotion of the moment overwhelming; I felt so awkward, uncomfortable. Giddy on my feet. Sick in my gut.
“Please stop,” I found my voice. “Please … it’s okay; it’s over. We’ve got a bigger issue to deal with.” Still the bemoaning continued. “Stop! Please stop!” I said; the vigour in my voice surprised even me. Slowly, the dirge came to a gradual end in response.
“I forgive you,” I said in a sharper tone than I meant. “I never held it against you. You weren’t aware of all the facts, and Dylain misled you.” I felt more in control of my tone now. “You acted on the information you were given. I don’t blame you … I understand. I was privy to more information, a bigger picture, and I acted on it.”
“Ristan,” said Matthew, his pale blue eyes soft as he ran his hand through his thin, wispy hair, “thank you for your forgiveness. You may be right, but we were wrong. Horribly wrong. We needed to ask you for your forgiveness, and I for one cannot express my gratitude for it enough.” He shook his head in remorse; his face locked in a grimace as he scratched the stubble on his chin. “Not only did we let you down, but we let ourselves down. We might die in this arena today, but without your forgiveness, we already died in our Gathering Place earlier.”
Sarah pulled herself together shakily. “Ristan … please forgive me.” Her dark-skinned cheeks glistened with the tears she’d shed. “I am so ashamed…”
“Erm, yes, Sarah. I for … I do,” I said tongue-tied, the scrutiny too much.
“Rist,” said Judd, standing on my right. “I’m … I’m…” he tripped over his words. “I don’t deserve your forgiveness.”
“Then it wouldn’t be forgiveness.” The words gushed out; overrun with emotion, I threw my arms around him. His body shook as I said, “It’s okay, my friend.”
“I dropped you so badly,” he said, chunking on my shoulder.
I grimaced. “No, you didn’t. We both made decisions on the facts we had; that’s all.”
“I swear, I didn’t know they were going to kill Scott. I didn’t…” he wailed quietly in my ear. I hadn’t thought about how much Judd knew or didn’t, but he was utterly distraught. “I thought I could stop the mutiny as the inside man and … and I had no idea they planned to kill you. Geez, I got played. I bit off more than I could chew.”
I exhaled slowly. “It’s over now.”
“Ristan, pal...”
I heard Ruzzell’s voice, and I caught my breath and felt Judd freeze. I turned around and looked up into his black and blue face. “I’m sorry, man. I just wanted to say sorry,” he said, towering over me, yet unable to look me in the eye; his swollen face, a ghastly reminder of our skirmish earlier.
“It’s okay, pal. This is a new day,” I felt myself bristle. “We get to square off against a few Sabres in the City of Zika.” I bit my tongue.
Geez! Was there jest in my response, at a time like this?
Ruzzell’s face remained expressionless, and his cold eyes trawled the ground. I wasn’t sure whether his apology was sincere; maybe it was just a show for the Mzees. But what would he gain from that given our fate? Can a man with a dark heart really change? I didn’t think so.
I expected to face Cainn or Shawz next in a protracted awkward standoff when I felt arms thrown around me, and I caught the scent of her body, felt the touch of her hands. Gellica. I hadn’t seen her since our embrace. Tension drained from my body immediately; I held on to her tightly, never wanting to let go.
“Move back,” said Judd, “give them some space.” I felt everyone retreat in response.
“Rist, you were—”
“Shhh,” I put my finger to her lips. “Let me just, er, look at you.”
She was beautiful. In spite of the dust, and the tears and the strain, she was radiant. I wished I could look into her mesmerising hazel-brown eyes forever. I would have given anything to prolong that moment. “Gellica—” I started.
“Gels!” She smiled, and the hair on my neck stood to attention. Heady, I swirled with elation—there was no end in sight to this emotional roller coaster I was strapped to.
“Gels,” I said her name carefully for the first time and then exhaled slowly. “Things, um, don’t look so good, I realise, but whatever happens; I want you to know…”—lightheaded, my heart caught in my throat—“…I love you.”
Her smile widened, and her eyes shone. “I love you, Rist. I always have.”
I lent my head forward; she closed her eyes. I held back for a second to gaze upon her, and as my heartbeat quickened, our lips touched gently. Her mouth fitted to mine. For a thrilling moment, everything was fine. We weren’t in a dusty arena about to be devoured by Xakanic’s beasts.
“You’re beautiful, Gels,” I said leaning back, feeling the blood in my cheeks. Up close, her skin was smooth, perfect; her eyes, soft and shimmering. A heavy sigh escaped my lips. “I want to survive this day. I want to show you tomorrow’s dawn,” my voice was thick, and I couldn’t steady it, “and the next, and the one after that…”
Gellica held her smile but her eyes welled up with tears, accompanied by a poignant sadness that accepted the harsh reality of our dust-bowl fate. That we wouldn’t make it out of this ordeal; that we wouldn’t see tomorrow’s dawn. That we would die in this arena and have no tomorrows at all. She was right, of course, but still, it stabbed at my core. As I gently wiped away a tear that streaked down her cheek with my thumb, my resolve mustered.
I want to live. I want a lifetime of tomorrows.
I hugged her tightly, and holding her in my arms; I cast my eyes around the vast, empty stadium. And in that watershed moment, an unexpected sign dawned to kindle my newfound grit. What caught my attention were the Zikalic guards who had been observing us the entire time, stone-faced as always. Having dragged us in, at least fifty had moved to the edge of the arena floor to keep watch over us. They were positioned all around the circumference of the arena, but this time; they were markedly different.
Their eyes.
I had seen the unmistakable glint of electric blue in their eyes.
And their eyes didn’t lie.
They were moved.
It was indisputable; they were touched by the naked display of emotion among us on the dusty arena floor.


Chapter 43

It was not long before the colour of the guards’ eyes returned to a cold purple shade. I didn’t know what do with this information, and knew there was no time to give everyone a lesson concerning Zikalic eye-colour. Time was not something we had much of. Before I could string two coherent thoughts together, a portly-looking Zikalic dressed in eye-searing red and purple garments, long, puffy robes that looked several sizes too big for him, appeared on the first level. He signalled to the guards with a high-pitched whistle, and each guard responded to his call by removing a cord from his belt, before skilfully swinging the twine onto the first tier’s railing. As it looped and locked into place with what appeared to be a small metallic clasp, the guards climbed up off the dusty arena ground with adroit swiftness.
After they unhooked their cords and took up sentry positions around the first level, the tubby, sartorially-challenged Zikalic did the weirdest thing. Lifting an amphora-like jar over the guard rail, from which puffs of smoke bellowed, he flicked sizzling, hot drops of liquid down onto the arena floor while singing some Zikalic chant. Even though I felt my brow crinkle with curiosity, I didn’t have time to ponder the cause or consequence of the uncanny ritual.
For a moment later, the first Zikalic began to enter the third level of the stadium, rushing in eagerly from multiple access points out of our field of vision, positioned on the ground as we were. Pushing and jockeying to secure front-row seats, their frenzied clamour to savour our slaughter, like Raptors swarming a kill, was utterly terrifying: the scooting and shuffling of thousands upon thousands of hasty feet and the overly-excitable click-clack of countless strident, alien voices, blood-curdling. And within minutes, the upper tier of the stadium began to burgeon to capacity making the huge arena feel smaller, even suffocating. With each and every Zikalic that crammed into the stadium, my people grew more anxious, more tense, more afraid.
“What do we do?” I heard people ask in every shade and tone of terror. Empty questions for which there were no answers. None.
“Ristan,” Matthew called my name.
“Yes?”
“What should we do?” He scratched the small space between his bushy eyebrows, standing alongside the other four Mzees.
“Er, I don’t know,” I answered, caught out that he would direct the question at me. “I don’t have any inside information that will get us out of here.”
“Matthew didn’t ask you because he thought you’ve got information we don’t have,” explained Sarah—having now regained her composure; her grace and dignity meant that when she spoke, people listened; I listened—“Matthew asked you because you’ve got to lead us, Rist.”
“Whuh? Sorry, what?” My eyes still scanned the arena, looking, searching for clues; any inkling that might afford us an advantage.
“The courage you showed earlier … we need that courage now,” said Deborah, her face warm and kind, as always, belying the chronic stress she was without question feeling.
“Ristan, when it comes to decision-making processes,” continued Matthew, his voice strained, “the collective counsel of all the Mzees is crucial. However, when it comes to daring, exemplar leadership in the heat of battle, we need one clear voice. And that voice is now yours.”
My head lolled on my neck. “No,” I said in a half-chuckle, half-wheeze. I had too many thoughts buzzing around in my head to concentrate on what he was saying.
A clue or two would do!
“Yes,” said Sarah sternly. “Scott was once that voice, and he always said he hoped to one-day hand that responsibility over to you. You have no idea how highly he and Victor thought of you.” The mention of Scott and Victor got my attention, and my focus.
Keep it together! No time for more tears.
Full of common sense as usual, Lee cleared his throat as his eyebrows pinched tightly together. “It’s too much to put on his young shoulders.”
“No, he’s ready,” said Deborah, with unbridled confidence in me. “Rist, just be yourself. I think you already know what we should do.”
“So, um, what … what do you think?” asked Matthew again, this time the shortness in his voice betraying his consternation.
Even through the jeers that began to rain down upon us from the Zikalic amassing on the third level, every human eye was on me, and every human ear waited for the sound of my voice. It was absurd; off-the-wall batty. Has everyone lost their mind? I really, really didn’t want the attention, or the responsibility, and I doubted my ability to offer anything resembling—what did Matthew say?—“daring, exemplar leadership.”
Tsk! Can nobody hear how loudly my freaking knees are knocking?!
Still, Deborah’s unabashed belief in me made me feel as tall as two trees. And I imbibed the template of Scott and Victor’s example. Closing my eyes, I felt a shiver run up and down my whole body. I tuned out the noise, and exhaled the pressure building on my shoulders. Locking my knees together to stop them shaking, I closed my fists tightly to thwart the tremble starting in my hands. And taking in another chest full of air, I held my breath.
I thought of my encounter with Shumbalic; replayed my meeting with Miltredic. About what I knew of them, and what they’d told me of the Zikalic. Slowly, I opened my eyes. And exhaled unhurriedly. The words just seemed to come to me.
“We mustn’t show any fear,” I heard myself say out loud. “If we show courage … real courage and yes, show our humanity … our humility … and if we have the chance, our compassion … we might just turn the heart and will of the Zikalic. Whatever happens, we must not show fear. We cannot retreat into ourselves; stand your ground no matter what. Yes … let’s gather in our clans. We’ve lived as clans, let’s stand as clans.”
Instantly, everyone moved into clans, and once positioned (even Ruzzell was playing ball); we all stood tall. Did I just say all that? Maybe I imagined it, but there seemed to be a renewed resolve in our ranks. And I was sure the taunting from the Zikalic people was perceptibly reduced as a result. Anyway, that was my story, and I was going to run with it.
With the third tier full and bulging with a great press of eager spectators; the second level began to fill. It was then that I caught sight of a human pet entering with her owner. I didn’t think they would bring their pets to the arena. I was wrong. I left my group and bolted to the front of the clans.
“Can I have your attention, please? … Please, if I can ask you to look at me … and only at me for a few minutes.” My request immediately arrested their interest. I knew I had to explain what had happened to our captured women before they saw it with their own eyes.
How do I do this quick?
“As you all know, our younger women have disappeared over the years. Turns out, our enemy, the Zikalic, have captured them as part of an initiation rite for their youth … please, please look at me!” I dragged a few troubled, wandering eyes back my way. “This is going to come as a shock to you, and it is important that we don’t allow it to weaken our resolve.”
“What?” gasped a hundred anxious voices in disjointed concert.
“The Zikalic have captured our women to serve as … as domestic pets … easy now, please, look at me!” I raised my voice louder to ensure I had their unbroken attention. “The good news is that they are alive, and according to someone I trust, well looked after. Of course, they’ll be traumatised, and some have been captives for a long time. But they are alive. I didn’t think they would bring them to the arena, but it seems they have. Apparently, they are the privilege of the wealthy and the royalty. Please, we must keep our resolve.”
My words seemed to restrain the restlessness that had started to filter through our ranks. Barely. Just.
“If you’ve had a daughter or a sister, or a friend, taken captive by the Zikalic, refrain from looking at the audience. Keep your eyes down. Resist the temptation to look for them in the crowd. If we survive this day, then we can rescue those taken captive. Our only chance of survival lies in keeping our resolve.”
Just about every eye looked down; everyone had lost a friend, or a sister, or a daughter. Each one of us harboured an acute, mortifying sense of loss.
With my throat tight and throbbing, I was about to return to my clan, when Sarah yelled out: “Stay, Rist; stay upfront! Lead us.” I reluctantly remained upfront, recognising the practical wisdom in her words. If I needed to give more advice, I couldn’t keep running back and forth. Plus, I was relieved. I needed to be away from Gellica if I was going to think straight, and keep my own resolve.
Just then the air reverberated with the raking roar of a Sabre, out of sight and presumably caged somewhere, the sound booming through the east-side arena entrance—threatening to blow the doors down and the portcullis off its hinges. Zikalic on both the second and third tier squealed in a mixture of giddy terror and dizzy delight. I felt many of my own people flinch and cower even as I just about swallowed my tongue.
“Easy now! Keep steady,” I said is a rasp, forcing my own terror away. “We’ve got a long way to go. Every minute we stand tall, we win another Zikalic heart.”
And we did; we all stood tall—despite fending off repeated reminders that there were at least three raging Sabres waiting for us behind those closed doors; now spurring each other on, each roar louder than the last, each expecting a feast of flesh. Our flesh.
With the second tier now packed and the stadium three-quarters full of Zikalic keenly anticipating the commencement of the carnage to come, two trumpeters appeared on either side of the enormous throne on the south side.
The trumpets’ blast blew straight through me. It had the desired effect; a stilted silence fell upon the arena.
Geez!
“Must be forty to fifty thousand of them in here already,” I heard myself speak out under my own breath. “And it’ll top out at sixty when all in.”
Yes, twice the number on the Ark when we arrived.
Despite being well-drilled in all manner of fear, I had never felt so terrified in all my life.


Chapter 44

As I fought to keep every muscle in my body from ossifying, I watched the portly Zikalic, who had dribbled hot liquid onto the arena floor earlier, shuffle to his feet and fluff his flowing garments out from his bulky frame. Playing herald, he puffed out his ample chest and at the top of his rotund voice, began to speak in the Zikalic language. The acoustics of the arena were remarkable; he needed no amplification. His voice was clear and powerful, even though I had no idea what he was saying.
In immediate response, the lights of the entire Zika city dimmed. Instantly. At the flick of a switch? No longer was it midday light, an early-evening radiance now pervaded. Resplendent colours from the purple, green, red and blue lights above seemed to dance all around the arena. I couldn’t help but be impressed. It was almost romantic if the occasion, of course, could have been vastly different.
On cue, the Zikalic royalty began to enter amid great pomp and ceremony and fanfare. Adorned in draping, ostentatious attire, they made those on the third-level look like ill-clad vagrants. And among the pretentious showboating Royals … drawn on leashes … many, many human pets. My heart skipped a beat, and I felt a strained agitation begin to creep over us.
“Remember, if you’ve lost a loved one or friend, eyes down! There’s nothing we can do if they happen to be in the crowd … you can only lose your res—”
I heard a voice scream like a lost soul … from somewhere in the crowd, somewhere on level one, and the hair at the base of my neck bristled as my blood went cold. “Mummy! It’s me! Help!” It was so much softer than the trumpet blast, but like a harrowing caterwaul, it cut deeper.
“Racheli?” I heard one of the older women in our number reply, the timbre of her voice high and trill. “Racheli! It’s my Racheli!”
Oh, Hog’s breath! It’s Lily’s daughter.
“Mummy, helllllpp!” Her piercing tone tore through my heart.
“Sarah!” I yelled as I realised we needed to intervene. “Tend to Lily.”
Sarah and Deborah tackled Lily, just as she was going to run in the direction of her daughter. As they collapsed in a frantic, muddled heap on the floor, the Zikalic, particularly on the third tier, rose to their feet, cheering and jeering. This was far more amusing than watching the pretentious Royals enter.
“Mummyyyyyy!!” The shrill shriek echoed around the arena and goaded me into action.
My eyes caught sight of the source of the scream: a young human girl among the Zikalic Royals. Yes, it was Lily’s Racheli. I recognised her despite the garish makeup paint. One of the youngest among us, arriving on Eden at the age of five, she was captured this past year. I had to act quickly.
“Mummy!” she shrieked in a desperate and distraught wail. Clearly embarrassed, her red-eyed owner yanked hard on the leash around her neck, barking loudly in the Zika-tongue, but to no avail. Like a wild thing, cornered and traumatised, Racheli kicked and screeched, fighting feverishly to escape her captor. I needed to do something to calm her down, to prevent her from getting seriously hurt, to silence the growing, restive roar of the crowd.
In haste, and without a plan, I bolted in Racheli’s direction.
Pulling against her leash, more than ten strides high on the first level; Racheli strained over the guard railing; in tortured desperation, wanting to leap free. I knew that if she did go over the edge, it could well be a fatal fall. If her Zikalic owner held on to the leash, she’d hang herself.
Oh, God, please!
“Racheli!” I said, craning my neck to see her. “Racheli! It’s me, Ristan, from a southern clan. Do you remember me?” She seemed to calm down ever so slightly as her eyes focused on my face. I needed to keep talking.
“Racheli, your mum is fine, um, just happy to see you alive.” She settled down as my words started to hit home. Even from my position on the ground, I could see the red marks around her neck, welts caused by the biting strap, obvious despite the amount of paint on her face.
“It’s important that you stay where you are, for now. Just be brave, Racheli … you’ve been so incredibly brave for so very long. You can do it now, again.”
I could see her start to weep; her smudged face-paint turning her into a comic tragedy. “Why? Why have they done this to me?”
I gulped hard. “Racheli, um, be brave. You’re a survivor. You’ve fought to survive for ten years on this planet, don’t stop fighting now. You can do this!” I just spat out the words as they surfaced; I refused to think about the next scene in this unfolding horror show. Yes, I couldn’t allow myself to imagine what would happen when she watched her mother torn apart by a Sabre. This was the obstacle now; we’d face the next when it came. Still, I could hardly contain my relief when she wiped away her tears, smearing makeup everywhere, and stopped sobbing.
Brave, brave girl!
I had been looking so intently at her; I didn’t notice the Zikalic Royals in her section staring just as keenly down at me. Again, their eyes gave me hope. Glowing green and sparkling blue meant that Racheli’s plight might have touched their hearts. This seemed to be confirmed when her owner, now with shimmering green eyes, did the unthinkable.
Untying the leash from around Racheli’s neck, she motioned to the Zikalic around her. After a little confusion, and before I knew what was happening, five big Zikalic males lifted Racheli up and over the guard railing.
Oh, please God, no! They’re going to throw her off?!
To my utter relief and astonishment, they made a five-bodied chain-crane-thingy with the help of their hands and dexterous feet lowering a panic-stricken Racheli towards the arena floor. Still pinching myself at the wacky spectacle, I ran under her dangling feet as she wiggled and kicked frantically. When I took hold of her ankles, she stopped squiggling and the Zikalic dropped her into my grateful arms.
Flinging her arms around my neck, Racheli squeezed me like she’d never let go. Her oily makeup smeared across my cheek; her skinny body shuddered uncontrollably in my arms. “I’ve got you,” I whispered in her ear, still marvelling at what I’d just witnessed.
Turning on my heels, I ambled back as calmly as I could to the middle of the arena. I didn’t want to run and appear desperate, nor did I express any gratitude to her owner. That might translate as weakness.
Racheli’s master had shown mercy in the moment, but surely she knew those on the arena floor were going to be slaughtered? Perhaps she was aware of Xakanic’s plan for their pets, that Racheli would share our fate?
The questions swirling in my head became more acute when, in a crazy, unscripted moment, other human pets began to be lowered to the arena floor. A second, and then a third … and then a glut. I lost count at twenty-three. All hoisted up over the railing and offloaded in breathtaking configurations of four or five linked Zikalic bodies—clasped remarkably hand-to-hand and feet-to-feet.
Once grounded, the traumatised girls were hungrily welcomed back by the clans, seemingly gobbled up in the enthusiastic open-armed bear hugs of overjoyed, jubilant loved ones and gladdened friends. What caught my attention most, however, was that not one Zikalic touched the arena floor. While their incredible dexterity was certainly the reason for the ease with which they delivered our girls to the arena dirt, I couldn’t help my eyebrows arch in surprise as one older Zikalic recoiled in panic when he was almost slipped and touched the ground.
Huh?
Racheli let go of her vice-like grip on my thin neck when I got near her mother, and she just about jumped into Lily. In turn, Lily’s face beamed with unbridled ecstasy; awash with tears—a glorious reunion of parent and child. My throat tugged with guarded happiness as despair locked its claws around my gullet; the reunion, of course, wouldn’t last long. Yet my anguish didn’t have time to throttle me.
A split second later, to my growing amazement, the arena’s audience erupted into vociferous applause, cheering the return of Racheli to her mother. At least, from what I could see, most of the Zikalic on the top level did. Many of those seated on the second level joined in too, but those on the first tier looked uncertain about how they should respond.
“We’re winning fans,” I rasped above the roar of the noise, trying to catch my breath, hoping to capitalise on the strange outcome. “We’ve got a helluva way to go, but one heart at a time is all we can do.” I looked around at my people; an ever-deepening determination marked our faces.
“Well done, son,” Matthew said with a half-smile; still, he was looking older by the minute.
“We’re behind you,” Sarah’s face was stoic as ever. Beside her, Deborah’s countenance glowed with obvious pride.
Their encouragement kept my knees from turning into mush. I didn’t have time to dwell on how fast I’d gone from pariah to paragon.
The trumpeters blasted on their instruments again to still the crowd and bring the pet drop-off to a halt; followed by the flustered, corpulent herald, who jabbered on even longer than last time, his indignant, red eyes evident that he was delivering a tongue-lashing of sorts. With his finger wagging profusely, there was no doubt; he was giving them a thorough working over, possibly about etiquette and honour and royal yadda-yadda-yadda.
Despite the flurry of the last few minutes, and my vastly elevated heart rate, a terrible sorrow stabbed at my soul. Many, many of the pets who remained in the crowd looked unperturbed by what had happened to Racheli. They looked eerily at ease with their captivity and their role as ‘pets’—their painted faces unfeeling; the empty gaze in their eyes cold and distant. Vacant. They appeared, from where I stood, less than human.
However, I didn’t have time to lament; my eyes were scanning the first tier, anticipating the next unfolding scene in this tale of terror, looking for two faces: Shumbalic and Miltredic. Surely, our only hope. While most of the Zikalic men looked alike, and the Zikalic women looked the same, I knew I’d recognise Shumbalic, and I was sure I’d be able to identify Miltredic.
If they were in the arena.
If they’re still alive.


Chapter 45

The royal rigmarole rambled on and on until the final Royals, quite noticeably, the Chiefs of Zika, took their seats. Wearing elaborate blue headpieces and grandiose attire—blazing purple robes, with striking green and red stripes—accompanied by an exhibitionist swagger to boot, they took up positions on each side of the royal balcony; six on one side, five on the other: Miltredic’s empty spot now glaringly conspicuous.
While they certainly had my attention, the crowd seemed less interested and a bristling murmur rumbled over the audience. That was until the trumpeters pulverised the audience into another stiff silence. With significant effort, the herald hefted to his feet once more, threatening his legs again with his considerable bulk, for yet another imperial yakka.
This time, the lights suspended overhead dazzled the arena in a shower of majestic radiance unparalleled yet. I knew what time it was. Though I hadn’t located Shumbalic or Miltredic in the crowd, if they were even present, one other Zikalic was yet to make his appearance. His seat was empty. And he had the most audacious seat in the house.
It was Xakanic time.
Every Zikalic stood to their feet. And unexpectedly, they burst into song; without any musical accompaniment. While I, of course, didn’t know the words they sung, I had to admit; it was moving. Sixty thousand voices in unison! The tone and tenor powerful, utterly overwhelming; like the sudden onslaught of a gale-force wind rushing into the sail of a ship, it snapped my shoulders back, cranked my spine stiff, and jolted every fibre of my being. They would’ve lifted the roof, if the arena had one.
Then in he walked.
Waltzed in … from an undisclosed entrance point on the first level.
The monstrous, execrable Zikalic sauntered towards his throne, like a parading peacock, indulging in the praise proffered his way. Xakanic! The way he flagrantly basked in his people’s laudation made me sick, and immediately sullied the singing that had stirred me a second earlier. Only when he was about ten strides from his seat did I notice something dragged behind him … on a leash? Did he have a human pet?
Surely not.
As he yanked his pet along behind him and finally mounted his throne, I realised the identity of his captive.
Her feet were still in bandages and in an unmistakable act of bravery; she tried to conceal her limp.
Shumbalic!
It was then that I heard a commotion break out on the first tier not thirty strides from where Xakanic roosted. Two warriors shoved a third Zikalic male, manacled with purple bands around both his wrists and ankles, to the front of the audience on level one.
Miltredic!
The trumpeters again battered the agitated crowd into submission and silence.
This time, Xakanic himself spoke in the language of the Zikalic, and after a number of jarring minutes in his harsh native tongue, he continued in English.
“Welcome, welcome, welcome … to the Great Arena,” his grandiloquent voice boomed around the arena, every ear—Zikalic and Human—arrested by his words. “This is a day like few others. Indeed, I speak in the language of the doomed. First, for their benefit. And second, because I will be the last to speak this rudimentary language in history. Today, this loathsome tongue dies, and with it, every last, puny, wretched human. Today, we rid our planet of a scourge … No! We purge the universe of a plague!”
The multitude responded in rehearsed applause. Very different from the rousing ovation they had offered up when Racheli was returned to her mother.
“But today,” he said, “involves a lesson too, an important reminder to all who dare to defy me. Behold the turncoat … Shumbalic!” Shoving her to the foreground, she balanced precariously near the edge of tier one. “Not only was she cowardly, failing her initiation. Not only did she lack the proud Zikalic heart to capture one of these defenceless humans, but she has fallen in love with one of them!”
This incensed the masses into a vehement show of displeasure. Galled howls of abuse showered down upon a terrified Shumbalic. Xakanic knew how to work a crowd, and I was certain his claim that she’d fallen in love was merely to add to the macabre melodrama.
“What is more,” he said once the hissing and heckling quietened down, “she has corrupted her entire family. Behold the treacherous, Miltredic!”
The two stout warriors dangled Miltredic over the edge. Bound as he was, I reckoned he might hurt himself if he fell to the arena floor, but with his agility, he was surely not in any serious danger. Maybe dangling him over the edge was symbolic. Perhaps, there was a stigma attached to being on the arena floor once the ‘show’ began.
Is the dusty ground the sole domain of the doomed?
Xakanic’s voice thundered around the stadium. “Miltredic and his entire family have become embroiled in a mutinous plot against you, the good citizens of Zika. They have conspired with the humans to destroy our great city, and steal our jewels, robbing us of our power source. Sedition!”
The gullible crowds, especially on the third level, gasped and groaned in injured fury. They were already worked into a dizzying frenzy, and Xakanic appeared just as pleased with his own verbosity as he was in the effect his words had on the throng. It seemed he had more than a taste for our ‘loathsome tongue.’
“Yes, can you imagine if they had succeeded? We would be without protection from the harsh rays of the sun. Your children would die; your wives would burn.”
As the crowds booed and hissed fervidly, I noticed that Xakanic directed his delivery almost exclusively to the third tier; very few of those on level one seemed moved by his words. Did they know his provocative and lying words were just for effect, merely for show? Perhaps they did. I guess their own status as royalty was maintained by Xakanic’s hold on the lower classes.
“Listen to me … very carefully,” bellowed the Ruler of Zika; he was now standing upright, gesticulating wildly with his hands and arms. “Every Zikalic inside the Great Arena lives a life of privilege. The poorer classes are not allowed inside its hallowed walls…”—The third tier isn’t the poorest class?—“…the poor who live in the villages outside the great City of Zika would kill for a place at our table.”
There are more of them?
“If we have one fish that swims against the stream, just one, our way of life can topple, and you can lose your place in our society, your seat in the Great Arena.” He paused for dramatic effect. “For high treason against you, the citizens of Zika, and against my throne … Miltredic will be fed to Mizumba. His family, along with his corrupt daughter Shumbalic, cast out among the poor!”
The crowd cheered clamantly, on all three levels now, an upswell of noise that took what little breath I had away. I could only guess that anyone allied to Miltredic, and sympathetic to our plight, was now dancing to Xakanic’s rhetoric just glad they weren’t exposed.
“But now … to the main event!” said the deplorable Head Chief of the Zikalic. “I have promised you a feast of blood, a part in history. With your own eyes … you will witness the utter destruction of the disease that is called the human race!”
The crowd’s vociferous roar swirled around the arena in response to his portentous prediction, and Xakanic clapped his hands urging his people to join him. Soon, sixty thousand pairs of mitts clapped in accord causing a deafening, ear-shattering din that threatened to blow my eardrums. Mind-numbing. Spine-chilling. Brain-jarring.
The barrage of noise and the nearness of our end seemed to crawl over and through my resolve, poking gaping holes into it. I felt like curling up into a small ball, praying for the end to come quickly. If I felt this way, I was pretty sure many of my people would be close to capitulating, too.
In spite of the pounding sound of synchronised clapping that seemed to shake the entire arena to its foundations; I turned around to face my people, my friends. I stood as tall as I could, head held high. Not knowing what else to do, knowing that I couldn’t say anything above the overwhelming racket, I put both hands on my heart and attempted my best smile.
I tried to mirror what Gellica had done when I was publicly judged for striking her, and it seemed that most of the people recalled it instantly. Valiant smiles were returned my way, and shared around among us. While I couldn’t quite bring myself to replicate her kiss-blowing, those with less male-pride began blowing kisses to one another. In a different context, at another time, we would have undoubtedly looked rather silly. Utterly stupid, actually. In this context, at this time, it was a heroic show of love and unity. And it worked.
The clapping abruptly stopped, and a hush fell over the Zikalic crowd. Momentary confusion. And then whispering, and murmuring, and gossiping, and pointing.
“Enjoy yourself,” I said startled at the turn of events. Putting my pride aside, I fixed my eyes on Gels, and blew her a kiss. “Keep those kisses flowing, let them feel the love.”
Rotting Hog’s breath! I can’t believe it!
A few giggles erupted from among us. Partly, I guess, because we felt a little silly; partly, because it was strange that we were having such an effect on the Zikalic. And in part, as a way to blow off a crippling load of anxious steam. If nothing else, we were becoming more fascinating to the Zikalic with every passing antic. Perhaps they would soften to our need. Maybe they would open their hearts to our plight. Xakanic was trying to steer the crowd into a murderous frenzy, and we had just thrown it off course.
“Enough!” said Xakanic, snapping his huge jaws together. “Enough! Enough!” His eyes were a blazing red, and his voice ricocheted around the arena, making my skin crawl. It was enough to silence the crowd and put us back on edge.
“Keep it together,” I said—as much to myself as to everyone else.
“Can you not see what this pathetic little human is trying to do?” Hissing and snarling, he thumped his right fist into his left hand. “He wants to win you over, to seduce you, to cast his spell over you … just as he did with Shumbalic and Miltredic. Remember, who you are. You are the mighty Zikalic … for after today, no one will remember the humans!”
For a fraction of a second, he seemed unsure of what to do. I figured he probably had a few other speeches to deliver, but seemed to be uneasy with how things had turned. He was definitely frustrated. We had unquestionably rattled his cage.
“Let us get on with the main event,” he found his voice. “Yes, this is what I promised, and this is why we have filled the Great Arena … to watch Mizumba play, and the humans pray.” Another twisted, smug smile slipped briefly onto Xakanic’s gob; again, presumably at his mastery of our language. “Let us see the humans call out to their … their puny God even as they die before me—at the will and the whim of a true god.” He beat his chest with his over-sized mitts. “Before long, they will offer up desperate cries to me.” The tone of his voice was acutely astringent, and he shuffled around on his feet. “Now! Get Mizumba ready for a feast!”
To calm the immediate panic and perturbation that set in our ranks, and to keep my own disquietude at bay, I yelled: “Stand firm … whatever happens; hold your courage!”
The solid wooden doors of the southern, eastern and western entrances began to slide open automatically. Only the barred portcullis now stood between us and a terrifying Sabre that darkened each entrance. I had seen more than my fair share in the wild; one was too many. But these three looked wilder—ragged and rabid. Possibly tortured and starved ahead of an arena performance; probably hyped by the attention of a full house, they tore at the bars that kept them from the copious feast served up. Their hair-raising roars and nerve-racking snarls whipped those in the audience into the expected frenzy. Pure unadulterated terror seized those on the arena floor.
I couldn’t bring myself to offer encouragement to my people again. It just seemed so feeble now; everything, so hopeless and desolate. I fed on the memory of Judd’s father’s audacious courage. Stuffed myself on a flashback of my Dad’s self-sacrificing fortitude. “God, give me strength.” My prayer dribbled out of my mouth.
The three Sabres would take some time to kill us all, but it would be a deliciously gory sight for an audience lusting for blood. A Sabre wouldn’t satisfy its hunger, no matter how ravenous it was, until everything alive within its reach was stripped, ripped apart, torn to shreds, dead. It was a cruel beast who liked to toy with its prey, feasting on fear as much as flesh. Very Xakanic-like.
Out of the blue, the words of Dad’s song filled my head. I even think I got the tune back, too. I closed my eyes and allowed the words to assuage my trepidation.

When you bundle through a squall
Keep your head on high
Don’t be scared of the dark
For when the storm ends
You’ll find a golden sky
The sweet sound of a lark

Walk on then in the wind
Walk on then in the rain
Even if your dreams are tossed and torn

Walk on then, keep hope in your heart
For you’ll ne’er be alone
No, you will ne’er walk alone

I experienced a golden moment. Walk on Dad. And I held my head up high.
And in that moment, I knew what I needed to do.
My eyes snapped opened; my mind clear, my heartbeat even.
I exhaled a slow, measured breath.
It wasn’t an answer that would guarantee our survival, certainly not mine. However, it was the only thing I could think of to keep the show going on in our favour.
To keep the beasts at bay; to hold off our meeting with Mizumba.
For a while longer at least.


Chapter 46

“Xakanic, I challenge you!” I shouted as loud as I could; my heart thumped against my ribcage with such force I thought my chest would rupture.
I knew he heard me, and it seemed that many of those on tier one did, too. Some of the Royals scoffed; of course, only a Chief could challenge the Head Chief—and unless he had a death wish, no Chief would do so.
“Xakanic!” I yelled again. “Head Chief of the Zikalic, Ruler of Zika … I challenge you!”
“Ristan, what are you doing?” I heard Matthew’s baffled, tremulous voice behind me, but I screamed again. “Xakanic! Yellow-bellied, chicken-hearted coward … spoiler of this great planet! The self-appointed destroyer of all that’s beautiful in Paradise…” I kept talking, kept taunting, knowing the crowd was gradually tuning into my tirade. With bemused astonishment, I noted. Murmuring broke out around the arena like a sudden, freak storm.
And I kept babbling, knowing that I was infuriating Xakanic to manic levels—evidenced by his redder than red eyes, his twisted mug warped beyond all Zikalic normality. I kept insulting him, knowing that I was keeping him from ordering the release of the Sabres—his own pride couldn’t resist personally silencing me, his arrogance keeping him from letting a beast steal a pleasure he considered his.
What was that Zikalic insult he mentioned? Peratu…?
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw one of the Sabres gnash and gnaw at the barred portcullis with deranged savagery, rabid with bloodlust—the smell of our fear-riddled sweat thick in its nostrils, driving it mad with slobbering desire. The heart-stopping sight spurred me on. I picked up a handful of dirt and threw it at Xakanic. Of course, I was a long way off from his exalted position, but I hoped the action was both symbolic and offensive. It seemed to work, the murmuring of the crowd turned into hoots of bewilderment.
“Xakanic!” I continued at the top of my voice. “The freak ruler who keeps his own people imprisoned by fear; himself, terrified of the poorest of the poor, knowing his own rule is held in their hands. Xakanic has the heart of a Hog.” I spat, took a deep breath, and hoped to pull the accent off: “Xakanic is peratu biyame—”
“Silence!!!” The revolting Xakanic roared so loudly spit and spume showered down onto the arena floor, his facial features wiggling comically. An inconceivable hush enveloped the entire arena, my use of the Zikalic insult momentarily robbing multiple thousands of Zikalic of their wits. “You!” Xakanic was livid, indignant. Incensed. His head lolled on his shoulders. “You … defy me? You … dare insult me?”
I forced myself into a bout of wild laughter even though I was inwardly trembling like a feather in a windstorm. “You’re a joke! A freak! A coward! Peratu biyame!” I howled. “I, Ristan Abel, human being from the planet Earth, I challenge you … gutless Xakanic! Peratu biya—!”
“Silence! Silence! Silence!” He started pounding his own head with his massive fists; his feet stomping on their own accord. “Silence puny human! Silence!” And then manically enraged and out of complete control, he did something that I did not see coming.
Xakanic leapt from his throne, soaring high through the air, landing with a mighty thud on the dusty arena floor, his scimitar drawn and ready to shut me up forever.
And he might have cut me in pieces had the flummoxed gasp of sixty thousand voices not arrested his attention and stopped him in his tracks. “Geez, lucky guess,” I heard myself gasp aloud, temporarily stunned by his vacillation; so relieved that my guess work paid off, I just about wet myself. As the monster looked up at the myriad faces of his people; an anxious look crept onto his grotesque features for the first time. Pressing his lips tightly together, he lowered his weapon.
A frenetic fuss broke out on tier one, and I noticed the flustered, fat Zikalic, his flowing robes now twisted and ruffled, fumbling with his amphora. In a hasty muttering of gibberish, another Zikalic chant no doubt; he splashed liquid down onto the arena floor. His aura of pompous self-importance abandoned in a flurried rush-job of a Zikalic ritual. I could only guess that he was attempting to bless what he initially cursed. However, it was too late. Xakanic had already transgressed; Zika-protocol was evidently broken.
“Not allowed to set foot on the damned floor, are you?” I taunted him. “Isn’t this reserved for the doomed only?”
Zika’s Head Chief stared at me for an excruciatingly protracted length of time; his red eyes almost squint with rage, his tongue shooting out of the side of his mouth on automatic fire. If I could hazard a guess, I reckon he was utterly stumped; his deranged mind close to meltdown.
A stunned silence hung over the Great Arena like a thunder-heavy storm cloud. My innards coiled into a tight knot; my mouth felt tacky, and my heart galloped at a million strides a second.
With great effort, Xakanic tore his eyes from me and surveying the crowd, found his voice at last. “My … my people, my people…” he began in an attempt to calm the growing agitation among the Zikalic, his voice strained and croaky. “Good people of Zika, the puny human must die … at my hand. He has challenged me, and insulted me. I must respond.”
One of the Zikalic Chiefs—silver-haired, regal and striking—stood to his feet and removed his extravagantly ridiculous headwear. “Xakanic, he cannot challenge you,” he said, his voice measured and commanding, his English perfect, “he is not a Chief among us.” He then turned to address the audience in the Zikalic language.
“Quiet, Machiavelic!” said Xakanic acerbically, cutting him mid-sentence. “I know the law!”
Like an annoying little gadfly in the ear, I continued full pelt. “I challenge you, Xakanic; Head Chief of the Zikalic … peratu biyame, peratu—”
“Shut up! Shut up!!” he barked, his red-eyes so angry I felt I might burst into flames. “I accept your challenge. Today you die at my hand, and then…”—he twisted a creak out of his neck as his nostrils flared, and spat on the ground—“…then, I feed your people to Mizumba and watch them squeal for mercy as they’re torn apart. Every last one of them!”
“Xakanic,” interrupted Machiavelic, the stately male Zikalic of royal pedigree, “you cannot accept his challenge; it is against our law, and you have stepped onto the arena dust before it was—”
“Silence!” he snapped, his features wobbling violently. “I will create a new law. I am the Law … I am Zika! I can do what I please! Now, give the human a sword.”
Nothing, no one moved. Not a sound in the vast arena except the snarls of the three frustrated Sabres providing a disturbing background noise that kept everything on my body that could shake, shaking.
“Give the human a weapon. Now!”
I heard a whistle in the air, and a sword sailed down from the second tier; it bounced on the ground and came to rest at my feet. It was a small sword, only half the length of Xakanic’s. At first, I thought it was a joke, but when I looked up to check who had dropped it, I saw a young female Zikalic stand on the edge of tier two. She put both hands on her heart and blew me a kiss, her eyes sparkling green.
No way!
I gulped, my heart leaping into my throat.
Then another young female Zikalic from level two dropped a sword down to the ground and repeated the action. A young male Zikalic did the same. Then another female, and another male, and another … and another. Soon I was in danger of being killed by the slew of swords raining down onto the arena floor … for me.
“Enough!” said Xakanic, not sure how to respond to the outrageous show of support directed my way. His eyes narrowed, and his top lip rumpled into a gruesome snarl. “Choose a sword; hurry up, human!” He wiped the drool from his mouth with the back of his hand. “I am going to rip you apart limb from limb and suck the marrow from your bones.”
Alrighty, then. Here goes the shortest challenge match in Zika history.
I picked up the biggest sword I could find not sure what my next play was. I didn’t stand a chance, but I had to ride out a few of the blows he would deliver. That initial little rapier would have shattered on first impact.
I heard a distressing upheaval behind me, my own people flayed by the drama; their nerves frayed down to shreds. Three hundred-plus restless bodies shifting on uneasy legs. Shrieks and squealing; prayers and gibbering; sobs and blubbering. But I knew there was no cavalry arriving to save the day. I was alone in this hand-to-hand battle to the death, trapped inside a churning cauldron of multiple thousands against an unhinged monster that I had zero chances against. None. Nada.
Xakanic roared, again spraying slaver in my direction. I roared back, but couldn’t produce a drop of spit. My throat was empty-tomb dry. I clenched my teeth at the lunacy of the moment. Seriously, I nearly giggled.
Then he jumped at me, swinging his huge sword in one motion, a supreme warrior. I managed to heft my weighty sword above my head just in time to block his. The flash of metallic sparks as weapons clashed burnt my vision and the loud clang resounded in my eardrums; the force knocked me flying backwards.
I was no warrior.
And no match for him.
With a heavy thud, I landed about ten strides from where he grounded.
Falling hard, the wind was knocked from me. I gasped and coughed just grateful I had hung on to the sword. Even so, I knew that this was the end; I had survived one swing of his scimitar. A second might be a swipe too far. The murderous glee on his twisted, repulsive face as he prepared to pounce upon me was too much to bear.
Oh, God. Please let my end be swift.
The shrill, high pitch screech of a young female was all that delayed my death. Who? Then I saw her. Shumbalic! Standing on the edge of tier one, with her fist raised, she shrieked again—I think she called out Xakanic’s name … and this time; she too leapt off level one.
How did you free yourself?
Sailing through the air, she landed on the sandy ground in a collapsed heap. The audience gasped again. I wasn’t sure whether it was because she had defied Xakanic to save me, or because she landed so heavily. All I did know was that her injured legs couldn’t take the jolt.
Shumbalic squirmed in agony, but muted her cry of pain. Clearly in a considerable deal of anguish, and showing immense pluck, she pulled herself to her feet and began to speak in the Zikalic language. Addressing the crowd, it was obvious that she was talking about Xakanic, and she held the captive attention of the entire stadium—doing more than enough to delay his final assault. Incensed, he snapped back at Shumbalic in his native dialect, and with a furious wave of his arms, he seemed to motion for her to leave the arena.
In return, she spat at him.
Go, girl!
Frustrated by her defiance, Xakanic waved her away and turned his attention back to me. I had used the distraction to get on my feet. Maybe I could fend off another strike. He started to move in my direction, snarling in the Zika-tongue, his face dogged. The raw emotion was gone. Cold and callous, he advanced. From behind him, Shumbalic—not to be deterred—hobbled towards him.
“No, Shumbalic!” I shouted as she tried to tackle him. He saw her coming and easily swatted her away with his massive left hand. She crashed into the dust, and the crowd rose to their feet. Every last Zikalic … on all three tiers. I remembered what Miltredic had said: striking a woman was an offence among the Zikalic people. Even for their protocol-breaking Head Chief. The Zika-audience had come to be entertained; they were getting more than they ever dreamed of.
I looked for Miltredic in the crowd. He was wrestling with the warriors who held him, trying to free himself from his bonds.
“Xakanic,” I kept the tempo white-hot, “you want me … here I am! Come on … you coward, striker of women!”
Unable to stomach me for a second longer, Xakanic roared again as he leapt towards me. I gritted my teeth and with two hands around the hilt, lifted my sword to meet his. The crash of metal on metal sent agonised shockwaves through my arms: crippling judders in my wrists, elbows, shoulders. I flew back once more, my sword swirling out of my hand. This time, I crumpled against the side of the arena wall, breathless and in pain. There was nowhere to go. Unable to move freely anyway, I’d twisted my knee in the fall. Against his ferocity and brute power, I was just a puny human.
Wasting no more time, Xakanic swooped on me; his left foot slamming hard on my chest, dispelling the last breath from my lungs. Pinned down and wheezing, I tried to offer some final resistance, but I had nothing left.
“Now you die, you annoying, irritating, infuriating, bothersome little germ!” His roar ripped through me, and then, taking a step back to give himself swinging space, he lifted the scimitar high over his head. Covered in slobber, I closed my eyes as tightly as possible and weakly called out to the God of my father.


Chapter 47

I heard the loud swish of the razor-sharp scimitar slice through the air.
Felt the heavy blow of the weapon.
I heard the sick sounding slash and rip of tender flesh.
Felt warm, sticky blood engulf me.
Heard the staggered gasp of the crowd … monumentally deafening.
My mind was blank, yet I knew my heart was still beating. Pounding.
I don’t know what I expected next, but … but I felt no pain.

How can I describe it?
It felt as though I’d been struck by a solid bar … with a safety pad between my body and the weapon.
And in a moment of sheer baffled awareness, I realised the blood in my eyes, in my nose, in my ears, in my mouth, and pooling in the dirt around me wasn’t mine.
“NOOO!!” I heard myself scream as I forced my gummed-up eyes open.

Then I heard another’s scream … this time, the piercing cry of a broken-hearted father.
Covered in a copious amount of oily, dark-purple gunk, I wiped life-fluid from my eyes to try to clear my vision.
Her blood.

On tier one, I saw Miltredic snap the last of his bonds; the warriors no longer holding him—they, along with mortified tens of thousands of Zikalic, stood stock-still, frozen in starched shock.
Then I saw Shumbalic’s body … cleaved in two, on either side of me.
She had thrown herself upon me as Xakanic’s sword fell.
Shumbalic, I … I…
She had paid her debt, a debt I didn’t want her to pay.
In a bitter brew of rage and horror and grief and so much else, I scrambled to my feet, my knee in excruciating pain, just as I saw Miltredic skirr through the air and slam hard into the dusty arena floor. Ready for war; his face twisted into terrifying thunder, his eyes roaring red.
Where’s Xakanic?
The monster’s huge blood-stained scimitar lay abandoned on the ground a short distance from me. Then I saw him; galumphing across the dirt floor, mumbling incoherently. Like a drunk. No. Staggering as one mortally struck.
Next, Xakanic stopped and slumped to his knees staring in my general direction, but he wasn’t looking at me. He wasn’t looking at anything at all. Mindless, he just gawked; his mouth agape, his slimy, black tongue lolling out of the side of his mouth.
The monstrous freak appeared hollowed out, emptied. Desiccated. Even his swarthy face had blanched, and his once proud distended features drooped. The colour of his excessively bulging eyes, however, was the most noteworthy thing about him.
They had turned altogether ash-grey, not a hint of colour.
Not a speck.
Maybe he did have a soul? Perhaps he was remorseful for his actions. I doubt it. He had killed a Zikalic woman, and it was a bad omen. His own superstitious imagination would torment and torture his mind. Demon-wraiths from a Zikalic nightmare would assail his soul. For the first time, I saw fear … no, unbridled terror in the terrible creature’s face.
I expected to feel pleasure in this moment, my hatred satisfied in his agony. But I didn’t. Inexplicably, I felt … only pity.
In what seemed like ultra slow-motion, Miltredic lumbered over and picked up Xakanic’s scimitar from the dirt; his murderous rage now cooled, and the red in his eyes subsided. Still, the stadium sucked in the cloying fragrant air as he fronted up before the Head Chief of the Zikalic. Raising his voice loud in the language of Zika, a charge that brought the hairs on every part of my body to attention, he swung that heavy sword with all his might.
The crowd gasped for the last time as the large head of the Ruler of Zika teetered and tottered, his long, stiff tongue trapped protruding from the twisted line of his mouth, and then his pate toppled off his shoulders. Bizarrely, his body remained upright for a few seconds, several dark streaks of blood squirting in the air, before it crashed to the ground with a loud thump—kicking up a dust cloud that hung heavily over the slain remains of Xakanic.
I sank back to the ground, the relief overpowering, the sadness overwhelming, the exhaustion dizzying; my emotions frayed. I closed my eyes and felt gratitude bubble out through my lips in thanksgiving. For Shumbalic’s sacrifice.
I heard hurried footsteps slap-slap the dirt beside me, but before I could take focus, Gellica landed next to me, her arms thrown around me. She burst into tears; words weren’t necessary. I held on to her even as I heard Miltredic’s voice boom around the arena.
He spoke briefly in his native tongue before continuing in ours. “People of Zika! Xakanic is dead, killed at my hand. The blood of my daughter avenged. According to our customs, I am the new Head Chief, Ruler of all Zika.”
The crowd shouted a word in the Zikalic language, clearly a term of approval, something similar to “Hail!” or “Salute!” I’d guess. They were manifestly stunned by the events that had unfolded—every last Zikalic had slumped in their seats, sixty thousand pairs of eyes shaded a dull purple—even so; they quickly shifted into ritual obligation at the changing of Headship.
“And now that I am the Head Chief; first, I honour the sacrifice my daughter was willing to make,” Miltredic choked. I looked up, and even from where I hunkered, I could see the same look of despairing sadness in his eyes. Just as I had witnessed the night before—a surreal sensation turning my friable mind over, it seemed like a jaded memory from a long, long time ago.
Turning slowly on his feet in the centre of the arena floor, his eyes trawled the vast shell-shocked crowd in the Great Arena. He held the pensive moment as sixty thousand Zikalic seemed to hold one almighty, hesitant breath.
With a herculean effort, Miltredic continued in a deep but raspy voice. “She gave her life for a Human, because that Human first saved her life. Yes, the Human named Rist showed mercy when he could have killed her.” He coughed, trying to find the fortitude to continue. “She honoured the Zikalic vow: a life for a life. And so, today … today, I declare peace between Zikalic and Human.” He started clapping and swallowed deeply. “To Shumbalic … to Rist, to sacrifice, to mercy … to peace! I salute!”
I looked up. Slowly, the Zikalic people started applauding; significantly, from the first tier up. I started clapping, too. We were applauding sacrifice, honouring the value of forgiveness. We were celebrating … peace.
If this is a dream, don’t wake up!
“Second…” Miltredic croaked, as the clapping subsided. I tried to imagine how difficult this was for him. To keep from tearing away from what he needed to do, to allow himself to grieve at his daughter’s side. “Second, we have much to learn from the Humans … about forgiveness, humility, leadership and faith. Xakanic was leading us down a destructive path; any Zikalic with a clear head could see this. But I have watched the Humans over these years, studied their leaders. They are not our enemy; they are a gift, a chance for us to set a new course. There is so much we can learn from them. It will come at a price; it will mean significant change and require great reform. However, if we see it through, we will create a wonderful future. We will return Zika … back into a Paradise.”
Most of the first-tier Royals stood now and applauded fervently. Some, by far the minority, did so reluctantly. My eye caught one of the Chiefs, a tiny little gremlin of a Zikalic, his ludicrous headwear almost dwarfing him, who appeared to be disgruntled with Miltredic’s declaration. He shut up, and his bottom lip curled hilariously right over his nose when the stately-looking, white-haired Chief, who’d spoken up against Xakanic, seemed to reprimand him.
So, that’s what a Zikalic pout looks like.
I felt my heart swell in the knowledge that Miltredic’s allies were coming out of the woodwork at last; my eyes then panned around the arena delighted as those on the second and third levels now enthusiastically joined in the applause.
“Third, we will share our resources and our wisdom with the Humans. We will serve this species on the verge of extinction and help them become a thriving tribe on this beautiful planet … a planet that is bountiful and big enough for us to coexist in peace together.”
This time, the stately Chief with regal white hair, spoke up—in English, presumably for our benefit: “Miltredic! I am behind you. Me and my family … we support you. You have given us a most wonderful picture of the future. I salute you!”
“I salute you!” rang around the arena as the Zikalic people pledged their allegiance to their new leader. Miltredic’s hunched shoulders and diffident posture was in sharp contradiction to the haughty, parading Xakanic, who had soiled the arena earlier.
I looked over at my people. Most of them were on their knees or haunches, holding on to their loved ones and friends in sheer disbelief at the events unfolding. I held Gellica tight.
“Now,” said Miltredic, “close those doors and lock away those beasts!” It was only then that I realised the Sabres had become bored; one was licking the wall, one was snarling softly, and the last one was licking itself.
Miltredic turned to my people, his eyes a greyish purple.
“I cannot thank you enough for your courage today. You have shown us a glimpse of what we as a people can aspire to be. I salute you! In honour of your courage, I declare this arena forever closed to barbaric, shameful displays such as was planned today. Never again will needless blood be spilled on this ground. In the name of my daughter, I make this v-vow…”
I could see him tremble, but hold his nerve. The courage of Shumbalic kept the audience in respectful silence and restrained, no doubt, any unhappiness with the decision.
Swallowing deep, Miltredic continued with valour and consideration as his eyes roved over my people: “Now, I invite you all to our public bathhouse; no Zikalic will disturb you, and you will have the chance to clean up and rest. We will bring you food and refreshments. The City of Zika opens its arms to you. Stay as long as you want; leave when you choose. All I ask is this: may your Mzees meet with our Chiefs once you have eaten and rested?”
I saw Matthew, Sarah, Deborah, Shino and Lee nod their heads in vigorous agreement.
He turned to face his people again: “On this day of peace, I declare that there shall no longer be Human pets among the Zikalic. Please allow the Humans in your home to leave. If, for whatever reason, they choose not to, some of them have become like family, and are treated as such. If they choose not to, that will be their decision. The arena is now closed, please return to your homes. I salute you!”
With a heavy sigh, Miltredic spun around and headed straight towards me and the body of his dead daughter.
I hobbled to my feet and embraced him as he got to me.
“I am so very sorry,” I said, as the tears streamed down my cheeks; tears mixed with his daughter’s blood.
“No, it is I who am sorry,” and then looking me in the eye, he said words that I would never forget: “Rist … now you know who you are. Courageous and brave.”
He knelt down beside his daughter’s body. An almost familiar-looking, beautiful female Zikalic came running towards us. Torn with grief, she fell down next to Miltredic.
Shumbalic’s mother!
I watched as Miltredic and his wife poured out their sorrow over Shumbalic’s dismembered body. I so wanted to wrap my arms around them both, but I knew they needed the space to grieve. It was the very least I could give them.
Their child’s sacrifice spared the human race.

***

“Gels,” my voice didn’t sound like it belonged to me, “did you know Scott’s daughters?”
“Not well,” she replied, “but I do remember them.”
“Can you find them? I know they’re alive, and will need…” My voice tailed off.
Gellica nodded her head in understanding before touching my cheek. “You okay?”
I tipped my head but didn’t trust my emotions to speak. She turned and headed towards the crowd on the arena floor as many more captives were now being lowered down to the ground from all around the stadium. Tears of unbridled joy. Unabashed emotion. The domain of the doomed transformed into the celebration of the grateful. Mesmerised, the Zikalic remained glued in their seats, transfixed by the spectacle playing out in the arena dirt.
In a haze, a fusion of sorrow and elation, I limped around the dusty ground alone, still trying to get my mind around all that had just happened … almost as though I’d watched it all transpire, as a spectator, an observer.
Did I really—?
I was just about knocked off my unsteady feet, jumped by an overly excitable someone; her arms enveloped my neck as she kissed my grubby face, her hands in my grimy hair.
“Ristan! Thank God, it’s you! The memory of you kept me alive … that moment we shared, kept me going ... now, you saved me!”
Her face was painted in several layers of gaudy makeup, making her look both tragic and detached.
I instantly sensed that she was broken somehow, scarred, wounded.
But her eyes, her beautiful eyes, were still all her.
Still alive with energy. Blue ocean.
My head swirled. A tingling sensation ran up and down my spine, and a thousand fluttering butterflies exploded loose in my stomach.
My voice caught.
“Monix!”


Chapter ?

With the water boiled, I add the leaves to the teapot and pour in the hot water. I allow it to brew for a minute before pouring two mugs.
Boy, that smells good!
My mind is still bursting with the stories of our past. I’ve been asked to compile the first chronicles of our brief history on the planet Zika. I smile. It still amazes me how easily we interchange the words Zika and Eden. Spending every day, as I have for two moons now, reading through the reams of notes made by the Mzees and myself, I’m still shivering with the emotion it stirs in me. And I’ve only got through the first decade.
“Daddy!” she squeals.
I spin around to see her run towards me.
My delight, my joy.
“Hello, my darling! You’re awake!” I drop to my haunches; she jumps into my arms. I squeeze her gently as tears well up in my eyes. I cry too much! I kiss her about a million times all over her pretty face. “Scott should be home soon,” I say as I tickle little Sarah softly.
She giggles and glows, “Scotty!” A shaft of light from the midday sun, shining through the kitchen window, acts like a spotlight making her look angelic.
The beauty and innocence of a child.
I take her face in my hands and look into her beautiful eyes. “You look just like Mummy. Gorgeous!” She smiles and plants a wet kiss on my nose.
I hear the soft, powered sound of the front-house elevator start. “Must be Scotty, I think he’s back already,” I say and kiss her on her forehead.
“Scotty!” my three-year-old turns and runs out of the kitchen, buoyed by the delightful anticipation of seeing her brother again.
I check whether there’s enough tea in the pot.
Yep! Enough for two more.
“Mum!” I hear Scott’s voice as the elevator comes to a halt, and the front door opens. “Oh, my jispers, Mum. Why didn’t you tell me?” He sounds over-the-moon ecstatic.
“Lights going on!” calls out Mum. “Sumbabric’s taking off his visor.”
I hear the shutters close automatically over every window around our tree-house home, and the soft glow of the purple light turns on to welcome a Zikalic guest into our home. Where once the light powered by the Zika-jewel elicited fear, it now warms my heart.
“Come in, come in,” I hear her voice. “Scotty, we wanted you to find out with your friends, in the arena itself,” Mum replies to his question.
“Mum, I was like so amazed; it was just so incredible, unbelievable … everyone cheered for me … because of Dad. You should have been there!”
“We so wanted to come, Scotty, but Dad didn’t want to draw unnecessary attention away from you and those coming of age.”
“Where’s Dad?” Scott sounds out of breath.
“I’m not sure?” replies Mum.
“Er, I’m in the kitchen. Making tea!” I shout. I can’t believe how nervous I feel. It was so long ago, another lifetime past. Did I really do those things? I finish pouring two more mugs; my hands are shaking, even my knees are knocking. I’m more nervous now than I was then! “Tea’s ready. Come and get it!”
Scott bursts into the kitchen; tears are streaking down his handsome young face. He dashes over to me and just about runs me over. “Dad! I love you so much!” He buries his head into my embrace.
My heart melts. I hold my thirteen-year-old son in my arms. I can feel his heartbeat; it’s pounding. He’s trembling all over. I put my hand on his blond head and hold him tight. “You had a good time; I gather.” I feel a tear roll down the scar on my left cheek.
“Amazing! The arena is just mind-blowing. Huge! What an awesome historical site!” He is beside himself. “Dad, the Mzees explained everything, our history, and told us about what you did … in dramatic detail!”
“What, they dramatised it?” I ask amused. Scott’s face is shining.
My pride, my son.
“Yes, Judd played you and his wife played Shumbalic.”
I grin at my wife as I become aware she’s joined us. “Sounds about right, hey Sweetie?”
“Something like that,” she smiles.
“And Sumbabric’s father played Xakanic.” Scott struggled to contain his excitement.
I feel my eyebrows rise. “That must have been a little difficult for him … Sumbabric!”
I realise I’ve forgotten about our guest and see him standing in the kitchen doorway. I walk over to the young Zikalic and place my hand on his heart. “Peratuka, Sumbabric; welcome to our home!”
“Peratuka, Consult Abel … I mean, Ristan,” he says nervously, placing his hand on my heart. He still struggles to call me by my first name even though I’ve encouraged him to do so many times.
“Did you also have a good time?” I ask even though the dynamic blue in his eyes gives him away.
“Yes R-Ristan, very much so. Your story is so inspiring.”
I feel my whole face smile. “Don’t forget that without your aunt Shumbalic’s sacrifice, I would’ve come to a short and sorry end!”
“Ristan!” my wife reprimands me tenderly, glancing at little Sarah, who’s hanging on to her brother’s leg.
“Oops! Yes, only when she comes of age,” I say in a whisper. Looking straight into Sumbabric’s remarkable eyes, I say softly: “And without her sacrifice and your grandfather’s Declaration of Peace, we Humans wouldn’t be here today.”
“Why do our Chiefs only tell us now?” Sumbabric asks. “It is the most amazing story I have ever heard.”
“Your leaders and ours decided to make it part of your coming-of-age initiation. We want you to understand what it cost us to create the future we have today … at an age when you’re seeking answers.”
“Tea’s getting cold,” smiles Mum.
“Thanks, Sweets!” I say. “Yes, let’s have a mug together before we help you settle in Sumbabric. Thank you for having Scott in your home these last three days; it will be great to have you in ours for the next three.” Sumbabric has slept over at our home before with his parents, but this is his first time alone.
We move to the living room of our tree-house and sit down, mugs in hand. Of course, it isn’t really tea but something very similar. We decided to call it tea, not only because it served the same purpose, but because we looked for as many points of connection to Earth as possible.
We had urgently needed to recover a sense of identity—who we were—to move into our destiny—who we wanted to be. And of course, it gave us conversation points with our children. To help us explain what happened to Earth. We didn’t want to forget … both the extraordinary good and the tragic horror.
“Scotty, there is still one thing Mum and I want to tell you,” I say. I can feel my eyes lighting up.
“Yeah?” The beam on his face, still as strong as ever.
“We wanted to wait until this week,” adds Mum.
“What?” Scott can’t contain his excitement.
I begin. “You know that all the children in your cycle turn thirteen this week—”
“Yeah?” says Scott. “We celebrate twenty-nine years on this planet.”
“And you celebrate your thirteenth birthday,” I say, stating the obvious, “but there’s more.” I let a pause draw out the suspense.
“Dad, what?” Scott leans forward. “You’re killing me here?”
“Okay, okay,” I smile at him and Sumbabric. “Scott, six years after the Declaration of Peace between the Zikalic and the Humans, the first human child was born on Eden.”
“Wow!” says Scott. “Must have been incredible.”
“Yes, but nerve-racking for … your Mum and me, especially your Mum—”
“You?” Scott looks at his mother. The light turns on. “Me?”
“Yes, Scotty … you! You were the first human baby born on Eden. Mum and I got married the second year after the Declaration of Peace. Four years later, you arrived!”
“Jispers! The first Human born on Zika,” Sumbabric gushes as his eyes sparkle.
“Yes, my son,” says Mum, tears fill her eyes. “Your birth gave us all hope.”
Scott smiles bashfully, looking a little uncomfortable with the attention. Like father, like son. “Err … but Dad, why don’t you serve as a Mzee?”
Deflecting … just like me.
“I was asked by Sumbabric’s grandfather Miltredic to serve as the connection point between our people, as the Consult. We felt it would be best if I wasn’t one of our Mzees, especially when he gave up his right as Head Chief.”
“That’s amazing,” says Scott.
“Yes, a heroic, unbelievably selfless act. He and I served as mediators,” my throat tightens, “until his death. After that … Sumbabric’s father took over his role.”
“It hasn’t been easy … especially those first few years,” continues Mum, “so much hatred, pain and distrust. And then their unexpected arrival…” her brow furrows, “…we had a number of close shaves—”
“Too many … close shaves,” I add, puffing out my cheeks. For a moment, the memories clog my heart with deep sorrow, regret, guilt. His young face flashes before my eyes. Could I ever forgive myself? Can I still walk on? I feel immediately claustrophobic and dizzy.
“Without Miltredic and your father,” she says, rescuing me from my gloom, throwing aside her own distressing memories, “we would not have made it through those first two years.”
“And it’s why we as a family have spent so many nights in Sumbabric’s home,” I say, trying to recover the joy of the present moment, “and because we like your family so much.” My gaze is fixed on Sumbabric with poignant fondness, the colour of his eyes sparkling blue. “Your grandfather Miltredic was like a father to me … a great, great Zikalic.”
Scott puts a thoughtful hand on Sumbabric’s shoulder, and the two friends smile at each other. I can see the coming-of-age week has bonded them even closer together. I can almost feel Miltredic smiling down on us. The two boys are becoming men. Their friendship, and the many others developing in this generation of Zikalic and Human, gives me hope for the future. It’s been a long pilgrimage fraught with much pain and too many lives lost.
Then Scott asks me a question that occupies my mind constantly.
“Dad, will we always have peace?”
“Yes, I believe so.” Even I’m surprised by how quickly my answer shoots out. “Scotty, we’ve learnt hard lessons, and we want to pass these on to your generation. That is why this first coming-of-age week is so very important.”
“What’s the most important thing we’ve learnt?” asks an ever hungry-to-learn Sumbabric; his eyes aglow, his large hands steepled together under his chin.
“Good question,” I think for a moment, wrestling off a few dark memories as I press my finger against my lips. “Actually it’s quite simple. From you … our children, we’ve learnt a secret to our future.”
“What do you mean?” asks Scotty.
“When we see another as someone else’s child, not as a Zikalic or a Human, not as a friend or a foe; but as someone else’s son or daughter … then, we find true compassion for each other.” I pause and ponder for a second, challenged by my own words. “Then we can serve each other heroically without prejudice … and live in peace.”
Scott turns and smiles at his Zikalic friend. The two shake hands. I feel deeply moved, choked up. Somehow I manage to say: “If we remember the evil we’re capable of, both Human and Zikalic, our horrendous capacity for darkness; we’ll yearn for the light.”
“Yes, if we live for ourselves, we’re doomed,” adds Mum thoughtfully even as the word ‘doomed’ momentarily catches in her throat. Doggedly, she finds her voice. “When we make choices with our children in mind … and with other people’s children in mind … then we have a chance.”
“Then the future is bright,” I smile, my heart aching … bursting with longing, hoping, dreaming. “Then this Eden will be a paradise.”

Epilogue

“Captain Vortem, Sir!” The first officer snapped to attention.
“At ease, Wong,” said Vortem with a tired sigh. “News? Good, I hope.”
“Permission to speak plainly, Sir?”
“Spit it out!” said the Captain, his face wound up in a permanent frown. The deep, dark rings under his drab grey eyes entrenched in wrinkles of worry, betraying his chronic insomnia.
“Attempt 214 has failed, Sir. I’m sor—”
“Arrgghhhh!” Vortex slammed his fists onto the flight deck of the spacecraft. “Why? Why can’t our engineers get it right?!”
“Sir, the main thrusters just cannot be configured for a leap into warp speed—”
“And you think that after nearly ten years of looping around that fireball we once called home, I don’t know that yet?”
“S-sorry, C-captain, I just—” said Wong, his lips a tense line.
“Ten years!” Vortem scratched his bushy-red beard in aggravation. “We’re just keeping mutiny at bay on our Ark. Ark-III is close to anarchy, and the crazies have already taken Ark-IV.”
“Captain—”
“And the geniuses at Ark Command were convinced we could complete the configuration in space … nine years and thirty-three days ago! Good glory! We’re into our tenth year! Nearly a decade…” the hard-nosed captain began to sob.
Wong shifted in his shoes; he had never seen his Captain come unglued so quickly even though the once steadfast, unshakeable veteran was increasingly showing worrying signs of fragility. “Sir—”
“I was a vigorous fifty-one-year-young visionary then. Now I’m a decrepit sixty-year-old old man … nearly sixty-one!” He shook his head and rubbed his eyes dry with the heel of his hand. “And we have not managed to get a single metre closer to Eden. Not a single metre! Around and around this dying solar system, on the same trajectory over and over again … no wonder everybody has gone bonkers on board!”
“With all due respect, Sir; you’ve kept this Ark—”
“What?” said Vortem caustically, scratching his thick beard with both hands, tugging at his red hair. “Alive for another loop around a dying star? To watch another loved one die aboard a patched-up spacecraft designed for a six-month journey? To survive another few weeks … or even days, before the mad-rebel crazies break through decks four and five … so that we become like Ark-IV? Or maybe the crazies on Ark-IV get it in their head to board us? What will I do then?”
Worried that the Captain would further unsettle the others in the flight deck, Wong inhaled and exhaled sharply, and tried reining his superior in. “Sir, you know—”
“Sometimes,” Vortem broke in again, as was his habit, “I wish we didn’t make those breakthroughs in food production.”
“Sir. You don’t mean that? We wouldn’t have lasted three years—”
“But would that have been so bad? To die with dignity, together. Now … we’ve got terror on board … with nowhere to run, nowhere to hide … and still, a spacecraft that doesn’t work! We’ve kept ourselves alive long enough to go mad!”
“Sir, there’s always hope when—”
“Don’t! Wong, don’t!” he snapped, a drop of drivel dribbling onto his red beard. “I keep that rhetoric for those outside this flight deck. I offer them some consolation that there’s hope, but in here we know the truth. We should never have left Earth. We should have waved goodbye to Ark-I and faced our fate with the rest of mankind.”
“We had to take the risk, Sir. Perhaps Ark-I made it,” said Wong, hoping to turn the conversation in a more optimistic direction.
“I’m sure they did,” said Vortem, sucking air through his teeth. “Probably landed in heaven itself. I can imagine Captain Hazard right now, lucky devil. You know I should have captained that craft, you know that?”
“Yes, Sir,” Wong crimped his mouth like he was sucking on something sour, “you’ve mentioned it a few times—”
“That weasel! Probably drinking the nectar of the gods as we speak—”
The internal phone rang and made them both jump.
Captain Vortem picked up the receiver. “What? … It’s for you, Wong!”
First officer Wong took the phone.
“Yes … yes … What?” His angular eyes grew round and wide. “Are you serious?”
“What? What’s going on?” snapped Vortem, pacing up and down.
Wong put down the receiver, trembling all over; sheer disbelief etched into his face as he ran his hand through his jet-black hair.
“What?” asked Vortem. “Spit it out soldier!”
“Captain,” Wong swallowed with difficulty, the excitement dancing in his eyes. “That was engineer Weinstein. The good news you wanted—”
“Yes?” Vortem tapped the floor furiously with his shoe.
A smile slowly crept onto Wong’s face. “He says he made a premature call on Attempt 214. It seems—”
“What?” Vortem’s tapping stopped, and his jaw tightened.
“It turns out, the reconfiguration has worked—”
“What?!” Vortem lost his breath for a moment, taking a step back to catch himself from falling over.
“Yes, Attempt 214 … it has succeeded!” Wong’s eyebrows arched in ecstatic wonder. “I don’t know what—?”
“No … yes, really?” Vortem stumbled over his words.
“Yes, I—”
“How quickly can they build it?” Vortem cut in again, his brain shifting into first gear.
“Well, um … from this point, about two or three months … as projected.”
“Two or three months,” Vortem mused, his weary mind working overtime, “we can hold the crazies at bay … perhaps we could even reason with them.”
Wong nodded. “Yes, I think this may give us the higher ground with them, Sir.”
“Ri Wong, my dear friend, get the word to Captain Washington on Ark-III immediately … and get him the specs of Attempt 214. Tell him that with a bit of luck, we’ll set course for Eden within the next two months.”
“Yes, Sir!” gushed Wong. “Eden, here we come!”



TO BE CONTINUED


MY NOTES


TIME STAMP:
Earth Date ~ Approximately A.D. 2058

Having escaped Earth on its last legs on the 12th of July 2048 (Ark-I launched from the last habitable landmass we called Donunder, once referred to as Australia), we arrived on Eden in around mid January 2049 after a six-month journey through space. And we weren’t warmly welcomed. During their brutal onslaught, thousands of our number were killed and our spacecraft, Ark-I was destroyed; and with it, we lost all our technology. Having now survived for nine years on this merciless planet—and taking into account that Eden’s year is marginally shorter than an Earth-year—the date is approximately 2058 on Earth’s calendar.
Encouraged by Victor to do so, here are my first notes on the planet Eden, some of the beasts that we encounter in our fight for survival, and some of the lessons we’ve learnt. Some day, I hope to chronicle our story on Eden at which point these notes will prove invaluable.

ENTRY 1: PLANET EDEN

Similar to Earth in so many ways, a semantic affinity between the two planets; Eden is both younger and larger, a primitive planet with one land mass surrounded by oceans. And the land area is a fraction of the Earth’s—basically, it’s a planet of raging oceans with a little garden strip in the middle. In the next solar system adjacent to Earth’s; a lush and fertile planet, Eden can sustain life … if one had the wherewithal to survive.
Without technology, we mark the days through laborious, old-school methods and thus, we’ve deduced that Eden’s days are slightly longer than an Earth-day. Eden’s moon revolves around the planet every twenty-eight days, and we work on a 350-day year.
Orbiting around a young, strong sun, Eden has one moon and four distinct seasons—so alike Earth you’d expect to feel at home. However, what makes us feel like the aliens we are, is not the formidable native species that did not take kindly to our arrival, or the nightmarish beasts against which we have little defence. No. The striking characteristic of Eden that makes it so distinctly otherworldly and drastically hostile is the intense, overly saturated predominant colours of this planet—displayed so vividly and animatedly in the fauna and flora. The bold and bizarrely-rich chroma of purple, red, blue and green is heavy and taxing on the senses.
Unlike the spectral range of Earth’s colours—red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet—there is a distinct lack of orange and yellow, and far fewer softer hues in the other primary and secondary colours. This means that the colours during Eden’s spring and summer moons are jarring on the eyes, at times making me feel like I’m living in a comic-book world. The sky on a clear day isn’t azure blue, but more a blur of purple and blue, an electric violet hue; tree trunks are not brown, they’re a splotch of purple and red, occasionally, bole in colour; foliage and grass is either emerald green or again, a smudge of purple and green. No orange, no yellow, and a very narrow range of green. And yes, purple is the undergirding contextual colour.
When autumn begins to drain the colour from the landscape and flora—the colours seem to leak from the page—it brings immense relief to my overstimulated eyeballs. Then, when winter rolls in proper, Eden is plunged into a drab, grungy grey. Like a colouring-in-book yet to be coloured. Along with the freezing temperatures, the winter grey pounds us into dismay and depression.
While Eden has only one moon, it probably had a second. Forming a thin ring of debris around the planet, the remains of Eden’s second moon are most evident during summer at full moon when the night sky appears encircled by a necklace of pearls. The brilliant radiance that illuminates the darkness is the reason these are the only nights of the year when we can be sure they won’t attack. And since the middle of summer is blistering hot, and we’re forced to hide from the sun’s merciless rays; these nights of stunning beauty are a highlight we cherish. And there aren’t too many on this brutal planet.


ENTRY 2: THE BEASTS OF EDEN

The Sabre
A terrifying tiger-like creature only bigger, Eden’s Sabre is a hideously violent carnivore unfairly armed with a rhino-horn, too. While it mainly shreds its prey with its sabre-fangs and claws, the Sabre uses its horn for spiteful pleasure, to gore and torment. The Sabre stalks its prey, is very quick over a short distance but tires easily. Fortunately, due to its colossal size and sheer weight, it’s unable to climb trees.
As the biggest land carnivore on Eden we’ve encountered, an adult Sabre is typically around seven to eight strides long, not counting the tail (roughly twice the size of Earth’s tiger). Its most recognizable feature is a pattern of dark red stripes on a purplish-green hide, skin that is three to four centimetres thick. With sabre-shaped canines that are around thirty-five to forty centimetres long, the Sabre feeds on Eden-deer, Hog, and lone Wolf that wander from their packs. On a few rare occasions, in a battle royal, a Sabre will take on a Serpent—however, not for food, for bragging rights.
The Sabre is, in one sense, a beautiful beast. However, its bloodlust—killing for sport and pleasure—makes it far more terrifying than interesting. To be avoided, not admired. Proud and superior, king of the Eden-jungle, the Sabre never eats what it does not kill itself. And it usually eats the prime pieces of meat, leaving the entrails and sinewy meat for scavengers to feast on. And Eden is not short on a host of scavengers and scroungers.
 Although I’ve seen a fairly young adult, I’ve yet to see a Sabre cub, and I’ve never seen more than one Sabre at a time. My guess is that they’re territorial, solitary creatures.
The Sabre is the beast on Eden I hate the most. My father was killed by one.

The Wolf
A canid-like creature, only bigger, Eden’s Wolf is a strange-looking beast that moves on its strong hind legs like a kangaroo. To me, it seemed like someone simply stuck the upper body of a wolf onto the abdomen of a kangaroo. A hybrid. Thus, at first sight, the creature looks awkward, almost comical. I’m even tempted to call it a Wolferoo. However, there’s never time to laugh—even though the noise they make when feeding on a kill sounds like a strangled chortle. Their bark is a haunting cackle; their bite, fatal. A Wolf’s powerful jaw can shatter a human thighbone like a matchstick.
Hunting in packs; at full gallop, it runs on all fours, capable of huge leaps at a time, and is the fastest beast on Eden. It is also able to run long distances at top speed.
At two to three strides long (not including its tail), with canines as long as eight centimetres, the Wolf is a formidable carnivore capable of killing a human with ease. In a hunting pack, however, it would be able to take on a Sabre, although I’ve never seen this. While the Sabre prefers the thicker jungle bush, the open plains are the domain of the Wolf.
Purple-blue in colour and given to howling at the full moon, the Wolf feeds primarily on Eden-deer. Although preferring to kill its prey, it never turns down the chance to scavenge.
Since ninety nine percent of our lives are lived in the cover the jungle bush provides, we don’t see the Wolf much. Although Gellica has a particular hatred for them. Both her mother and father were killed by a Wolf-pack.


ENTRY 3: THE BEASTS OF EDEN CONTINUED

The Hog
Along with the large Eden-deer, which are too fast for us to hunt, and live primarily on the open plains which we keep clear of, Eden’s omnivorous Hog is a primary source of food in Eden’s food-chain—and forms the basis of our staple diet.
A dirty rodent-like creature as large as a bush pig, the Hog is a disgusting looking beast, but it’s surprisingly tasty. With a pig-like tail, it tastes a lot like bacon in the spring and summer months, yet is blander in the autumn and winter months, tasting more like beef. Although theories abound, we’re not sure why the taste changes. Since we eat the creature just about every single day—if we’ve planned our hunting schedules right—I’m grateful for the change.
Usually caked in purple-blue mud, the Hog is, in fact, reddish-green in colour. Living in herds, the Hog lives in the jungle areas we inhabit and is about as stupid as any of Earth’s dumb animals. Think donkey or sheep. And then divide by three and you’ll be close to the combined intelligence of six Hog. No kidding. With poor eyesight, a poor sense of smell, they rely on herd panic and quantity of numbers to escape their attackers. We only hunt what we need and avoid interfering with their habitat and herd-life as much as possible. If the Hog population on Eden was ever under threat, our chances of survival would decrease drastically.
Along with the meat they provide, we turn their pelts into blankets, coats and junglers, and use their decomposed flesh as a nighttime paste to keep the Raptors away. Hogs are too dumb to tame and too feral to domesticate despite being relatively harmless—although, with their rat-like incisors, they can inflict a nasty bite. Ask Cartyr. He lost his left earlobe to one.

The Raptor
Eden’s terror of the air is the Raptor, a powerful four-winged crow-like bird of prey nearly three times the size of Earth’s vulture and just as ugly. Typically, with a body over two stretches long and a wing span of nine stretches, I have seen a Raptor with a body as big as three stretches and a wingspan of nearly twelve stretches. One massive, ugly bird. Dark purple in colour, with blazing red underbellies and bald heads, they feed primarily on other birds, creatures like the Hog, and us—if they can catch one, or at the most two, of us alone in an open area. Unlike Earth’s vulture, they prefer their food live, although will occasionally stoop to fill up on carrion. Except a Hog carcass. For whatever reason, they cannot stand the decomposing flesh of a Hog. It’s either fresh, squealing Hog or no Hog for the Raptor.
Once a Raptor sinks its talons into its victim, it doesn’t carry the prey away even though it is strong enough to do so. Rather, it uses its enormous vulture-like beak to gouge its prey to near death. And then it begins to feast while the creature or human is still alive. Usually, where one Raptor eats, many more will quickly join—materialising, seemingly out of thin air. A human can be devoured in a wild, gory three-minute feeding frenzy. The collective noun, a murder of Raptors, is a perfect fit.
With a heightened sense of sight, these fiends of the air hunt during both daytime and nighttime. Our numbers keep them away during the day, and our Hog paste keeps them away at night.
The four wings are an oddity. The upper wings on each side of the creature are definitively stronger and more developed. At first, we surmised that the lower wings served to steer the creature’s flight, possibly enabling it to negotiate tight-turning circles. However, further observation has debunked this theory. While the Raptor is remarkably quick in flight, their wings immensely powerful, they are also clumsy creatures. Smaller birds often outmanoeuvre the Raptor, the second pair of wings not seeming to offer any added advantage.
In the last few of years, I’ve spotted some Raptors with a drastically smaller if not inutile second set of wings—almost as though they were redundant and shrivelling from lack of use. We might just be witnessing an evolutionary development within the species in this primordial moment in Eden-history.


ENTRY 4: THE BEASTS OF EDEN CONTINUED

The Serpent
We call Eden’s king of reptiles the Serpent. A cross between an anaconda and a rattlesnake, it’s difficult to call it a snake, being so much bigger than an Earth-snake. And so much smarter. And crueller. Truth be told, it’s disarmingly intelligent, cunningly devious. I get the chills just thinking about it.
Growing up to a staggering length of twenty strides, puke-green in colour, an adult Serpent’s girth is as thick as the waist of four large men. To put this in context, my father told me that this was more than twice the length of the biggest Earth-snake.
Despite its thick belt, the Serpent is lightning quick and kills on sight. Any living thing in its way is as good as dead. Even with a full belly, it kills simply because it can. With twenty centimetre dagger fangs that can penetrate the underbelly of a Sabre, its venom is so lethal it drops an adult Sabre dead inside three minutes. I’ve witnessed two battles between these monsters of Eden. The score is one each. On each occasion, the victor killed quickly, but then took its time defiling the body of its enemy. Ripping its opponent apart, defecating on the carcass, leaving it for the scavengers to feast on. In both cases, the victor did not eat its opponent. The pleasure was purely in the kill. Eternal enemies. A feud spawned in the bowels of Eden.
In its armoury, besides the fangs, venom and vice-grip of its rippling coils, the Serpent has a rattlesnake-like tail that, used like a hypnotic magic wand, emits red and green flickers with each rattle. Though it doesn’t need this unfair advantage, the viper uses it for pleasure. To toy with and torture its prey.
Besides its drab green colour, the Serpent’s keen eyes are luminous orange with flecks of yellow—yes, the only orange and yellow I’ve seen on the planet. I guess, the eyes may be used in conjunction with the rattle-tail in hypnotising its prey or enemy. I haven’t been up that close and personal with one to find out. And I don’t plan to.
While the Sabre is the beast on Eden I hate the most, the Serpent is the creature I fear most. It shares the Sabre’s bloodlust, but is far more cunning. While you might hear a Sabre bundle through the bush from a mile away; a Serpent will wrap itself around you before you can say, “Rotting Hog’s breath.” A Sabre will tire of attempting to kill you, if you find a tall, sturdy tree to climb; if a Serpent wants you, it won’t stop until you’re dead. You can’t out climb it. You cannot out run it. It’s not afraid of water or fire. Nothing will stop the beast of our nightmares. Our saving grace is the abundance of Hog … and their stupidity. Not only does the Serpent evidently prefer the taste of Hog flesh over human, it seems to delight in torturing the poor creatures—exposing their idiocy with a telling ‘dinner and a show’ at each meal time. I’ve witnessed a Serpent tease and torture a herd of Hog on five separate occasions. I swear, each time, I’ve seen a smile of cruel delight on the Serpent’s face.

The Mogul-spider
While Eden is crawling with bug-like creatures, insects and arachnids—many of which are capable of inflicting a lethal bite; some large enough to carry a baby away—the monster of all bugs is the Mogul-spider. With a body twice as large as an Earth-watermelon, its legs, when outstretched, are as long as a human’s. Spinning sticky, sweeping webs around the jungle bush; it actively seeks out and destroys other spiders in its chosen lair—hence, its name—and I’ve seen prey as large as young Hog snared on several occasions.
Judd calls it Shelob after the spider in The Lord of the Rings, and not just because he’s a massive fan of the book. (His mother read it to him when he was young). The female Mogul-spider not only devours the male after copulation, but like Shelob, often feasts on its own offspring. A foul, wicked creature Tolkien would have taken pleasure in writing into existence*.
Through its giant mandibles, the Mogul-spider injects its prey with a bright red, acidic venom, and while death is quick, the pain is unbearably excruciating. Burning through flesh, the poison causes the blood to boil while attacking the nervous system.
I’ve seen much death on this brutal planet, and I’ve heard the entire range of agony’s scream. Tortured by the Sabre, tormented by the Serpent, torn apart by a pack of Wolves. Pecked to death by a Raptor and poisoned by any number of toxic berries. There aren’t too many pleasant ways to die. Yet, if there is one way I don’t want to die that tops the lot, it’s death by the bite of a Mogul-spider.

* As a matter of interest, a movie remake of both The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings was apparently scheduled to coincide with the centenary of The Hobbit’s 1937 publication. It was billed as a distraction to the looming Oil War, but was probably an attempt to revive a withering movie industry—or so my Dad had said. Whatever the motive was; it never happened. The effects of global war brought the entertainment world to a grinding halt in the mid 2030s, along with life as mankind knew it. I was born on 2nd March 2041, at a time when the war was stuttering to an end, but the devastation to mankind and the planet’s resources was total. It goes without saying that no one won World War III. Nations turned on their allies, and eventually nations turned on themselves. And of course, during my first year of coughing on Earth’s air, patient zero was diagnosed with The Plague.

(Okay, that was a rather depressing flashback! I’ll try to stick to facts about Eden from now on).

ENTRY 5: WHY BOTHER?

Victor was killed yesterday. I found him dead in his tree. The tell-tale puncture hole in his chest. Murdered. By them.

I can’t see the point in writing these notes anymore. I don’t see the point of doing anything anymore…


COMING SOON

Firstly, thank you for reading my book. I hope you enjoyed it.
If you did, please let me know.
You can contact me via the website, or Facebook and Twitter.

A positive review is like gold.
So, please consider posting a review of Eden, Dawn.
Thank you for your support!

On the next few pages you’ll find a sneak peak of Book 2 in The Eden Trilogy.
Enjoy!

Eden, Noon
THE CHRONICLES OF PARADISE
BOOK TWO

Sneak peak follows!

Chapter 1

I stepped in. Under the cascading water.
I wanted to scream, but I bit my lip hard instead … and nearly drew blood. Pounded by the blistering hot stream, the throbbing pain of my bruised head was almost overwhelming. Almost. The flood of thoughts swamping my mind dulled the pain. Just enough. Did I only head butt Ruzzell this morning? Really? My mind was awhirl with the craziness of the events of the last day.
Was it really only last night that I met Miltredic?
I couldn’t believe how much had happened in one day. No sooner had I entertained this notion when my chest tightened, and I lost my breath. A woefully tragic thought throttled me, overshadowing me with grief. Scott. I swallowed hard to keep my knees from caving in. The sadness caught in my throat and instantly drained my body of energy. In the early hours of this morning, Scott was murdered.
I so hope I made you proud today.
Although Eden’s days were slightly longer than Earth’s, I felt as though I’d aged fifteen years during this one frenetic day. And it wasn’t even over yet. This thought alone made me feel utterly spent.
I angled my forehead slightly so the pressure of the pummelling water would be less severe, and shut my eyes tight. Gradually, my body became accustomed to the hot water, which had at first seemed scorching hot. Now, it was wonderful. Just wonderful. My first hot shower in over a decade. In clean, crystal-clear water. 
The searing spray washed off the sweat and smut from places on my body that the still, tepid river water of our camp’s bathing pool could never cleanse. Flushed away the filth and fecula left clinging to me from the arena floor—reminding me I hadn’t died in that death-bowl. And the life-fluid. The steaming shower scoured her blood from my eyes and nose, and where it had caked in my ears—haunting me with the graphic and gory memory of the supreme sacrifice she made. For me. For us all.
More than anything, it purged away the fear, the blood-curdling dread. Through the entire ordeal, and my confrontation with Xakanic, the monstrous Ruler of Zika; I’d fought to keep consternation from creeping into my soul and terror from tightening its deathly tenure around my throat. As the water pounded my body into spotless submission, I felt the last tentacles of anxiety flee. This is a new day. My hopes soared.
Yes, there’s only upward and forward for us now. The odds were now in our favour. Next stop … halcyon times of peace.
Enthralled by them, three women dominated my mind. Okay, two women and … a female. Three females? No, that doesn’t sound right. How should I categorise Shumbalic, the Zikalic female whose courage defined this day? Yes, I decided, I would refer to her as a woman from now on. Even though it was technically incorrect and would surely require a massive mind shift from everyone else. For a decade, we referred only to the formidable and frightening Zikalic species as them. Now they were more than that. At least, Shumbalic and her father Miltredic were. To me.
But what of the other two? Gellica and Monix. How do I sort through the concoction of emotions I have swirling around my head, rousing my heart? I confessed my love for Gellica not once, but twice today. And at the time, I meant every word. But that was before finding out Monix was still alive. Monix, my first love. Can you be in love with two women at the same time? Is there enough space in one heart?
Especially a heart so battered and busted as mine?
Monix looked utterly crushed, completely unsure of herself. Beautiful, but broken. Four years in captivity. A domestic pet. As much as I didn’t want to make the connection, she reminded me of Scruffy, the stray puppy Dad found injured in the gutter when I was four or five. Terrified of every sudden sound or movement, little Scruffy became my father’s leech; displaying an almost inexplicable gratitude to the one who saved him.
What did they do to Monix?
Now free, she’d clutched on to me like brown on dirt. Wouldn’t let me go. She kept saying that I’d saved her. It seemed she still needed some saving, however. A lot actually. My heart bled for her. Only time would mend her soul and we would now have plenty of this precious commodity in the days and weeks and moons ahead. After all, we were stepping into a bright future.
This is a new day. I just thought that, didn’t I? Must be the wave of euphoria I’m still riding.
I ran my hands through my hair, and scrubbed hard. Geez! It feels good. I dug into my ears, scraping out more congealed blood. Immediately, sound amplified in my ears … all around me. Maybe I should have left them plugged. Along with the congestion in my ears, the force of the shower had created a curtain of water around me, giving me a sense of sanctuary and solitude—even though I shared the public bathhouse with nearly two hundred men.
“This is just so, awesome!” I heard someone squeal in delight. “Hot freaking water!” Maybe Shawz Grimm’s voice?
“Flushed my sinuses out!” Not sure who that was.
Mealy-mouthed Cartyr Rimfell?
“Man! I didn’t know I smelt so bad.” Definitely, Ruzzell Hunt’s voice.
“Dank! One shower’s not going help that, dude.” Shawz again, his raucous laugh gussied up for effect.
“Don’t get too comfortable, boys,” Cainn Bracken’s raspy cackle was distinct and crawled under my skin. “Don’t forget, we’re in the bowels of the enemy here. Our battle against these humanoid chimp-trolls is just warming up.”
Cartyr snickered. “Chimp-trolls. That’s just classic, man.”
“Dank dude! That Xakanic creature was an ugly bugger.”
Blocking out the rest of their crass mockery and warmongering, I wanted to remind Cainn that the Zikalic were no longer our adversaries. Together—Human and Zikalic—we would forge a brand-new future. Starting today. Now! I didn’t have the energy to waste on Cainn’s pessimism, however. Truth be told, I didn’t have time to squander on Cainn, period. On a wild, savage planet that had twisted and tainted us all, Cainn was still more feral and fierce than most.
I opened my eyes and surveyed the scene. Standing under a waterfall-like shower, a heavy stream of water cascaded from a bejewelled gutter some three strides high above my head, running nearly forty strides long—a stride being the length of a good leg stretch, just short of a metre. At least thirty of us were enjoying the shower-fall. Among those to my left were Ruzzell, Cainn, Shawz and Cartyr—men I didn’t trust. Seventeen-year-old Dixan Mantle, someone I did trust, even through the trials of late, was among those to my right.
Below us, over a hundred others wallowed in the gigantic warm pool that surrounded the shower; the water running off the raised shower-platform and into the pool itself. Still many others enjoyed the spa baths along both sides of the massive bathhouse. Having faced a decade-long, daily life-and-death struggle for survival on this brutal planet, the scene of people frolicking leisurely in the opulent pool and baths was something my weary brain struggled to fully compute.
If I’m dreaming, don’t wake me.
I was sure the women’s bathhouse was not as big or lavish given what Miltredic had said about the Zikalic’s token respect for their females. Plus, there were far fewer women than men in our number. At less than one to eight, they’d have a relatively empty bathhouse even if it was significantly smaller. Of course, now with the ‘pets’ released, and all of them women, we were in for a titanic turnaround of numbers, an interesting integration of long-lost loved ones and friends.
Still, the future is bright.
We were invited to use the communal bathhouse by Miltredic, the Zikalic’s new ruling Chief. Dragged into the city as prisoners to be fed to the beasts for amusement, the death of the cruel Xakanic meant that we not only survived extinction in the Great Arena, but we were now guests of the City of Zika. Remarkable! Our reversal of fortune was monumental, epic. And we would no longer fear nighttime. The dark hours, when the Zikalic were, until now, prone to attack, had been forever stripped of its principal threat.
No more! I wish Scott lived to see this day.


Chapter 2

The facilities were extravagantly luxurious and astonishingly elaborate. My Dad’s phrase, ‘to gild the lily,’ came to mind and a smile played on my lips. Everything my eyes feasted on, even the spas, were designed and built by the Zikalic—using some technology we didn’t even know existed on this primal planet. A power source derived, no doubt, from their dazzling crystals, mined from somewhere on this Eden. Or something like that. Manipulating the coloured crystal jewels, the Zikalic created an energy source that powered their entire city.
The breathtaking City of Zika was constructed about ten strides above the marshy valley basin which we had called the Shadow Valleys—a term descriptive of the dark, murky but vast valley floor from where we knew our terrible enemies hailed. Covered by a colossal, dark glass-like dome that blotted out the sky, the Zika-city was constructed from a kind of light concrete of sorts, and wherever you wandered, the air was perfumed by a nose-catching fragrant incense.
And my favourite of all … hundreds of purple, green, red and blue orbs hung suspended at different heights—the lowest ones easily a hundred strides in the air; the highest ones possibly twice that distance—defying gravity, sparkling, coruscating a kaleidoscope of colour around the city. Not only were they a marvel to behold, the magical-hanging lights were also immensely practical: easy on the fascinating but fragile Zikalic eye. (From all that I’d learnt of our former enemies in the last few days, sustained exposure to direct sunlight could severely damage their eyesight. Possibly, even render them blind.)
How do the orbs just hover in the air like that?
The number of questions I had for Miltredic was mounting rapidly.
Our senior leaders—which we called Mzees, from an ancient Swahili word meaning, “respected one”—had washed up first and had left to meet with the Zikalic Chiefs. The tangible sense of expectation at Miltredic’s stupendous show of favour—his Declaration of Peace—and his unblushing promises of support, had spurred the Mzees to rush their first shower in a decade. After all, regular showers were surely a thing of our future.
This is a new day after all. Yep, this is on playback-loop in my head.
“Ristan!” I heard my name yelled out from across the bathhouse, but I wasn’t sure from which direction. The flood of water dulled my hearing even though it roused my soul.
“Rist!”
I looked around, stepping out from the shower, wiping the water from my face. “Yep?”
“Over here! The Mzees have asked you to join them.”
“What?” I then spotted my friend Judd Williams at the south entrance of the bathhouse, waving his arms furiously to get my attention. Our friendship had been severely tested recently, but I think it had endured. I trusted him with my life. And I would defend his with mine. “Pardon?” I replied.
“The Mzees have called for you,” he yelled again. “They want you to join their meeting with the Zika-Chiefs. Seems things have come, uh, unstuck.”
Unstuck?
Even though the word carried easily over the water, it seemed that nobody took much notice. Basking in the blissful indulgence of the lavish bathhouse evidently dulled everyone to the potential likelihood of any bad news.
Did I hear right?
“Okay,” I replied as an immediate sense of heaviness bore down on me. So much so, my knees turned to liquid, and I had to use all my wits to keep upright. While I was obviously concerned by what was implied in the word ‘unstuck,’ I was also roiled by their request for me. I’d hoped to return to my simple, out-of-the-spotlight existence. I felt ever so tired. Drained. Rising to the occasion, again, was the last thing I felt like doing.
Massaging my knee still aching from when I had twisted it, my legs remained wobbly. “Coming right away,” I muttered and coughed out the words.
I rinsed once more under the shower and was about to dive into the surrounding pool when his raspy voice jarred my nerves.
“Hey, Ristan,” said the incorrigible Cainn, two bodies down on my left. “Going to save the day again? In loyal service to the Mzees, eh?” His sarcasm-drenched words caught me midstride and I nearly lost my footing. Before I could respond, Cainn clicked his tongue and continued his taunt. “Maybe I should call you Skywalker. No, I know…”—he broke into a guttural giggle—“I know, how about Crackcrawler!” His barbed comments dug in. Deep.
Boosted by an outburst of sniggering and horsey squealing, seventeen-year-old Cartyr jumped on the bandwagon, his lazy left eye more exaggerated under the cascading water, complimenting his drowned-rat look. “And Pretty Boy wants your autograph.”
“Cartyr, pal,” snapped Ruzzell; containing his smirk better than the rest, he massaged his bruised brow. “Only I get to call Judd that, see?”
Ignoring Ruzzell as he browbeat Cartyr into submission, Cainn continued his acerbic assault on my fragile emotional capacity. “Go on, then. Run along. Play your little hero role.” He glared at me and then spat out a final word: “Turncoat.”
“What?”—the only word I could find. I didn’t expect Cainn to become friendly all of a sudden. After all, he had been one of Dylain’s key henchmen in the plot to sell us out. And I didn’t want his gratitude either—from him or anyone else. Yet, I hadn’t anticipated his caustic contempt. I felt my blood boil.
“Let him be, Cainn,” said Ruzzell, four bodies down from me. “The dude did save us from being munched by—”
“He didn’t,” said Cainn, cracking his knuckles and bearing his crooked lower teeth. “His little Zik-girlfriend did.” His chortle was chaffing.
Sixteen-year-old Shawz, standing closest to me on the left, cheered the joke and snickered, “Dank dude! You’re cooking with a heap of fat!”
“What’s your problem?” I stared at Cainn; the fresh injection of anger in my veins partly settled the uneasiness I felt. To my surprise, the anger made me feel a little more in control. And I needed all the composure I could muster; it was clear that our silly little confrontation was now the subject of everyone’s attention.
“My problem?” said Cainn, his slight underbite becoming more pronounced as he sneered. “Your little fling with the Zik-female got us into this mess.”
“What?” I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.
Your little uprising had nothing to do with it?
“Risto,” said Dixan to my right, “we all know Cainn’s a head-case, bro … if it wasn’t for you, we’d all be Sabre chow. Don’t listen—”
“You! Punk!” Cainn glared across at Dixan, pointing a crooked finger threateningly in his direction. “You’re just a kid—call me a head-case again, and I swear; I’ll bite your head off!” His eyebrows narrowed squeezing his crazed, leering eyes together. He ran his thumb menacingly down the inflamed, full-face scar that curled under his chin, a disfigurement that made an already unattractive twenty-six-year-old man look utterly hideous.
I nodded at Dixan to express my gratitude and reassure him; his handsome, dark face turned ashen at Cainn’s threat. Another friendship that had been forced through the furnace over the last day or two, but I held no grudge against Dixan. Young and impressionable, he’d made a poor choice in temporarily falling in step with Ruzzell’s renegades. His apology in the Arena earlier was sincere, backed up by his attempt to support me now.
“Chill, buddy,” Ruzzell appealed to Cainn as he rubbed his puffy right eye tenderly, his nose horribly swollen and skew from where my forehead had flattened it earlier in the morning. “Just let it go…”—and then he covered his mouth with the back of his hand and lowered his voice—“…for now.”
“Ruzz, you just back the hell off,” snapped Cainn, perhaps not hearing the last two words, his pale blue eyes bulging in their sockets. He took in a mouthful of water, gurgled and spat the contents in my direction, his face rumpled into a snarl. “Just because our little hero here knocked you silly, doesn’t mean I’ve got to sign up and join the fan club.”
Twenty-four-year-old Ruzzell was a brute of a man, a head taller than Cainn and more so than me. Pressing his lips into a straight line, he scratched his coal-black head of hair. He seemed immersed in thought, almost as though he was trying to restrain himself. Out of his cold, deep-sunken eyes, he stared at me and an odd look crawled onto his bewhiskered face, his dark eyebrows scrunching together … then he just smirked and shrugged his shoulders. I was lost in disbelief for a minute or so, confused by his inexplicable reaction and the level of animosity directed my way. What troubled me most was not Cainn’s outburst, but those two little words that snaked out of Ruzzell’s mouth.
What does Ruzzell mean by “for now?”
Sure now that his indifferent defence of me was merely an appeasing delay tactic, I figured I could expect some backlash from him at a time that was more opportune to whatever agenda now served his whims. His apology in the Arena was now looking distinctly insincere. Although we’d been in the same clan for ten long years, he had never liked me. And the feeling was mutual. Ruzzell and I would go head to head again. Soon. Of that I was certain.
When it was obvious that Cainn had wrapped up his rant, and everyone went back to what they were doing, I rubbed my aching knee before plunging into the pool, and swam underwater to the pool’s edge. I wanted to hold my breath forever. If only I didn’t need to surface. I would have given just about anything to avoid dealing with Ruzzell and his gang. To avoid facing my women-dilemma. To avoid having to report to our Mzees and the Zikalic Chiefs. Underwater, it was quiet. No noise, no demands, no worries. Only, underwater … I couldn’t live.
And if there was one undergirding, driving force that had dominated my dreams and animated my aspirations over the last decade of my life on this wretched planet, it was simply this.
I want to live.


Get Eden, Noon in multiple eBook formats here:
www.smashwords.com/books/view/481632


For more updates and information,
see the website:
www.archerswiftbooks.com



Connect with Archer Swift

Author Facebook Profile: https://www.facebook.com/archer.swift.3
Book Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/EdenTrilogy
Twitter: https://twitter.com/archerswift7
Website:  http://archerswiftbooks.com/eden-dawn-the-chronicles-of-paradise
Blog: http://archerswiftbooks.com/blog-articles-ya-fiction
Smashwords Interview: https://www.smashwords.com/interview/ArcherSwift
Smashwords Profile Page: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ArcherSwift

Please consider reviewing Eden, Dawn. Thank you.


