Only in the Night 
I
The Virus

Samantha Lovella
Symposia Press
Only in the Night
I
The Virus

Copyright © 2013 by Samantha Lovella
Published by Symposia Press
www.symposiapress.com
Cover Art by Rashevskaya/Dreamstime
Cover Design by Symposia Press
Smashwords Edition
Version 140926

This is a work of fiction, licensed for your personal enjoyment only. All rights reserved. Characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental. This book or parts thereof, may not be reproduced, translated into other languages, or altered in any form without written permission from the author.


For my husband
and daughter
with love.

Table of Contents
Prologue
1: Abducted
2: The Missing Data
3: New York University
4: The Hospital
5: The Long Wait
6: The Stranger
7: Caught on Video
8: The Police
9: The Cyclone
10: Interrogation
11: Assault
12: Chained
13: Strength
14: Plan B
15: The Haunted House
16: Diamonds
17: Hold Me
18: The Green Dress
19: Niagara Falls
20: The Data
21: Gone Again
22: Examined
23: Escape
24: The Rescue
25: New Utopia
26: Infected
27: Desperate
28: No Evidence
29: Only a Shadow
Epilogue
Books by Samantha Lovella
About the Author 
Prologue
New York City, NY, April 2006
Sitting on the rooftop of a low-rise apartment building, Ethan Hockson looked down anxiously. A young teenage girl was walking down the street toward his direction, opening her umbrella. Her smart-looking white jacket and high heels exaggerated her height, even though he could tell she was only a little over five feet. The darkness and rain made it hard to decide if her long wavy hair was dark brown or black, but he could see her facial features clearly. 
Was it her? No, it couldn't be. That was impossible. She must be from this world, not his.
He really should get out of this rain, he told himself, but it felt so refreshing against his skin. The night chill didn't bother him here either, even though he only had a T-shirt and jeans on. In fact, the smell of the cool weather energized him. Ethan took another bite of his dark chocolate bar and enjoyed its sweetness mixed with the rainwater.
Why was he stalling? It was time to go back. He didn't belong here. There was nothing for him here. But that girl… his eyes couldn't leave her. Okay, just go over there and talk to her, you idiot. You can prove to yourself she's not who you hoped she would be and then you can leave this forsaken place.
He was about to climb down the winding stairs on the side of the building, but then noticed something that halted him. Two big men were walking quickly behind the girl, about 10 feet away. They stopped when she stopped at the cross walk. Keeping their 10-foot distance, they turned and pretended to talk to one another. A long dark van was also tailing the men. There were very few people on streets as usual. New York City was not a safe place to be at this time of night, especially on a rainy night in April.
The light turned green and she walked across the street. The men followed along with the van. She still didn't seem to realize what was going on. The sound of the heavy raindrops probably distracted her. Ethan climbed down with stealth and speed so that no one would notice. Camouflaging himself against the walls of the passing buildings, he followed. He could see clearly in the dark even though it was raining so he kept a good distance. Gradually, the streets became deserted and no one was in sight.
By this time, the girl seemed to notice what was happening and looked around her nervously. She began to walk faster and then run. The men immediately pursued her and the van sped forward. She dropped her umbrella to help gain speed, but by that time, the men already reached her. One of the men closed a handkerchief over her mouth so that she couldn't scream. She swooned and became limp. 
The two men dragged her to the side of the van. The door immediately opened with another man inside ready to receive the girl. But before the men could get her in, they both suddenly fell down to ground as if hit by an invisible force, and the girl disappeared.
 
1: Abducted

Emma Quinn woke up with a huge headache. "What did you drink last night?" she muttered to herself. 
Putting her hand to her forehead, she blinked a few times until her surroundings became clear. The mattress felt very comfortable and the room had a fresh, clean, scent. Slowly she sat up and looked around. A lamp was glowing in the dark room. It was a beautiful bedroom with a king size bed in the middle.  
Then everything came back to her. She was abducted last night! Or had it been days ago? Looking frantically around, she noticed her shoes were neatly placed at the bottom of her bed, her jacket hung over a chair and her purse placed on top of a desk.
Quickly, she stepped into her high heels, pulled on her jacket and looked through her purse to see if anything was missing. Everything was there. Pressing her ear against the door, she listened for any sounds from the other side, but didn't hear anything. Gently, she opened the door and tip toed out. 
The hallway was empty. Judging by the lock on the door requiring a key card to open, it must be a hotel. This was definitely a good time to escape. That would be the smart thing to do. Who knows who brought her here, what their intentions were, and when they might return. 
But her curiosity overwhelmed her. Turning back, she searched the room, looking into the bathroom and even the closet, hoping to find some evidence of her kidnappers. Strange, the room looked like it was never occupied. She might be able to find out about the previous person who checked in. But how was she going to do that? Hotels usually don't give that information out.
Walking down to the lobby, she put on a brilliant smile and approached the male clerk at the front desk. 
"Hi handsome, would you please tell me who checked into room 856 yesterday?" 
"I'm sorry Miss, but we can't disclose any guest information." The clerk blushed at her radiant smile.
"Look, someone abducted me, and I woke up in that room this morning," Emma said insistently.
The clerk eyed her with suspicion, but looked at the records, probably to satisfy his own curiosity. "I'm sorry, but that room hasn't been occupied for a week." 
"What? Then how did they get me in the room?" she asked in frustration. "Someone from this hotel must be in on it too," she concluded to herself.
"Um, maybe you should report it to the police," the clerk said, giving her the… I think you're crazy… look.
"Never mind," she said walking away without answering his suggestion. Should she report this to the police? But what is there to report? She was abducted and then left alone without any signs of robbery or physical harm? The police would probably think she made it up.
 
2: The Missing Data

A young man in his mid-20s relaxed himself on a comfortable leather chair and propped up his legs on top of his desk. His hair was blonde, cut short to show his handsome face. Tall, muscular, and tanned, Alex McNickle was the most eligible billionaire in New York City. He inhaled the nicotine from his cigarette, and blew the smoke out lazily through his nose. 
"So what you're telling me is a ghost came and snatched her away," Alex said calmly to the two men standing in front of him.
Gerald Mundane, a tall Caucasian man, stood nervously beside his partner Anthony Quaker, an African man with huge shoulders. They could feel the sweat trickling down the side of their heads. When their boss spoke in this calm tone, it meant he was raging inside.
"I swear, we didn't see anything," said Gerald.
"We were dragging her into the van and then we were knocked out," Anthony explained. 
"Sam didn't see anything either and he was looking directly at us from the van," continued Gerald.
Both Gerald and Anthony turned desperately to Sam Winter, an older looking man with white hair who was sitting on the couch smoking a cigar.
"Alex," Sam said looking into his nephew’s eyes, "they're right."
Alex slowly moved his legs down from the desk and put out his cigarette. "There are always explanations for everything, and I'm going to be the first to find out about this ghost," he said cynically. Gerald and Anthony looked at each other not knowing what to do next.
"But before I humor you with ghost hunting," said Alex, "I want that missing data back. If that information ever leaks out, you won't have to worry about encountering a ghost, because you'll all be one!" Gerald and Anthony looked at each other again nervously. 
Alex stood up to leave the room and gave a final order. "Call Leroy Piper and ask him to access the city network. Find out where she is and do it fast! Even if you get the data back from her, she may have already seen it, and I need to know what she knows and who she's told." 
"Yes sir," Gerald and Anthony replied in unison.
 
3: New York University

Emma almost tripped over some books when she returned to her dorm at New York University. The room looked like there was an earthquake. 
Stacy Calingham, her roommate, was in the middle of picking things up when she saw her. 
"What happened?" Emma asked.
"I don't know," Stacy said. "I went out for dinner yesterday night and when I got back it was a mess." 
Stacy was always out at night with dates. She was a striking red head, voluptuous with curves in all the right places. It was a miracle she kept up with her classes in between all her dates. 
"I reported it to the police and they checked the place out," Stacy continued, "but they wouldn't do anything until they talked to you. Where were you last night?"
"You're not going to believe this, but I was abducted last night," Emma said. Stacy dropped the books in her hand and just stared. "But that wasn't the weird part. When I woke up this morning in a hotel room, I didn't see anyone and the clerk at the front desk said no one has checked into that room for a week."
"What do you mean, when you woke up?" Stacy asked confused.
"When these men kidnapped me yesterday night, they must have drugged me with the handkerchief they put over my mouth. I blacked out." She shivered remembering the cold wet night.
"So… they kidnapped you and then let you go? That sounds worse than not letting you go." 
"What do you mean?"
"At least you would have known what they wanted with you." 
"I wasn't harmed. I feel fine." 
"Emma!" Stacy cried with exasperation. "They could have raped you, robbed you, stuck a computer chip in you, or injected you with something. Who knows what could have happened when you were unconscious! You better go get yourself checked out at the hospital after you talk to the police."  
Emma felt a sudden nauseating feeling. Perhaps Stacy was right. No one kidnaps you and then just lets you go without an explanation.  
4: The Hospital

She probably should have gone to the police first, Emma thought to herself. But instead, she was sitting in a taxi on her way to the hospital. She should have completed a police report immediately after leaving the hotel. But the more she thought about it, the more she felt foolish telling anyone about it. She had no proof of the abduction. She could trust Stacy to believe her, but Stacy would believe anything. They had been friends since 2nd grade. 
Maybe if doctors found something at the hospital, she would have more to report. They might even find a trace of the drug on the handkerchief that they used on her. Again, she could feel her heart beat growing faster in panic. Suppose they did find something? Her palms were getting sweaty from all this worry. 
Something else was also bothering her. What did the abductors really want? Was it just by chance because she happened to be walking down a deserted street that night? Or was she the planned target? What could she possibly have that they want?

*****

"I think we're going to have to perform some major tests," Dr. Gail Jordon said looking at Emma's charts.
"You mean you found something?" Her voice quivered and she hugged her arms sitting on the hospital bed.
"Not yet, but we seemed to have found some peculiar drug in your system," replied Dr. Jordon. "Don't worry, it'll take at most an hour. We won't be performing any surgery, but our electrical testing machinery may be uncomfortable. That's why we need to put you under."
"Um... okay," she agreed weakly. Hospitals were her least favorite place, but the grey-haired doctor seemed to know what he was doing. At least this way, she wouldn’t have to consciously live through it.
Dr. Jordon gave her a light squeeze on her shoulder, smiled at her reassuringly, and left the room, closing the door behind him.

*****

Dr. Gail Jordon entered his office and locked the door. He took out his cell phone, and made a phone call. 
"It’s me," he said to the person on the other line. "She’s here. What do you want me to do?"
 
5: The Long Wait

Ethan sat impatiently on the benches outside the hospital that Emma entered. He really shouldn't be here. Stalking is illegal to say the least. What difference would it make anyway? It's not her. It's Emma Quinn. Sure, she looked exactly like her with her fair skin, huge blue eyes, and black hair. But that didn't change the fact that she was a completely different person in this world. 
He would return to his world, for sure, he decided. There was really nothing here for him. This place was violent and cruel. People seemed to seek misery for enjoyment. He couldn’t believe that humans could have such an ugly version. In his world, most people were happy, kind and satisfied with life. There was still the odd disruption in crime or grievance, but society was good as a whole. Yet, ever since he saw Emma, he wanted to linger for just a bit.
Seeing Emma was both exhilarating and heart wrenching at the same time. She reminded him of his Julie. Never would she breathe another breath. It had been two years and his heartache was still there. His heart gave a leap when he saw Emma, but then quickly shriveled up again when he came back to reality. Just one more day, and then he would go home, never to return.
It was getting dark again. What was taking her so long? He had been waiting all day since lunchtime. Was she terribly ill? Was it a scheduled surgery? No, that's too much of a coincidence. He decided to enter the hospital to find out. 

*****

"I'm a friend of Emma Quinn, which room is she in?" Ethan asked the nurse at the front desk casually.
The nurse pounded a few keys on her computer. "It looks like she checked out an hour ago." 
Ethan felt his stomach sag in disappointment. He quickly thanked the nurse and went out the main door again.  
That was strange. He had been waiting outside the door for hours, not even taking a bathroom break. Did she go out another entrance? But this small hospital only had one main entrance. Why would she sneak out the back? 
He ran around the back of the hospital. His hunch was right. The back entrance only opened for emergencies. Then something caught his eye. A dark van, similar to the one last night was parked there. There was someone in the driver's seat looking at him suspiciously. The man was talking on his cell phone. Ethan pretended he had lost his way and went around to the front again. As soon as the man could no longer see him, Ethan ran around the other parked cars and hid in the bushes behind the very same van. 
The vehicle started to move. Someone was coming out of the back door of the hospital. Two doctors wheeled a patient out on a gurney. The body was completely covered from head to toe. Was it a dead body?
Wait a minute, those doctors looked familiar. They were the same two men who tried to abduct Emma last night! But why were they here and who were they wheeling out? He didn't wait for the answer. Patients were wheeled onto ambulances, not black vans. He swiftly passed them unveiling the head of the patient and then returned to his hiding place, barely breathing to contain his horror. It was Emma!
One of the men noticed the gush of wind that uncovered Emma's unconscious head and nervously looked around. They quickly covered her up again. But before they could take another step, both men dressed as doctors were knocked out and Emma's body disappeared.
 
6: The Stranger

Emma woke up with a pounding headache again. Stumbling out of bed, she fell on the floor and realized that she was dressed in a hospital gown, but she was not in a hospital. 
"Not again," she croaked with her dry throat. Within a minute, she was fully conscious, even though her head still hurt. 
She looked down at herself with disappointment. How was she going to walk around in this? But hanging over the chair at the desk in front of her were some clothes. Not her clothes, but they looked her size. Wow, even a gorgeous new fitting bra, matching underwear, and designer high heels!  
She swiftly pulled on the tight fitting pair of jeans and summer white blouse after slipping on her new undergarments. Whoever left this for her knew her tastes well.
Not expecting anyone to be there, she walked out the room without hesitation. It must be a suite if it was a hotel because there was another room outside the bedroom. 
Contrary to what she thought, there was a young man not much older than her, starring outside the window behind the sofas. He turned around and smiled at her.  
Startled, she ran toward the door, but he was beside her in an instant. How he got there so fast, she had no idea.
"Wait!" he pleaded and caught her by the arm. "I’m not going to hurt you."
"Then why did you kidnap me?" she retorted and struggled to get away from his iron grip. "Let go of me!" she demanded.  
He released her so suddenly that she almost fell backward. "I didn't kidnap you," he said softly. "I saved you from those men."
"How do I know you're telling the truth? You could have been one of them," she said accusingly. 
She found herself gazing up and noticing how handsome and tall he was. He was definitely over six feet with a lean muscular build. 
"You don't need to know if I'm telling you the truth or not," he said calmly. "You can leave anytime you want." 
She didn't know what to say or think. She felt kind of taken aback. Why would a man try to kidnap her and then let her go? Was he telling the truth? Her curiosity piqued. She looked at him questionably. 
"How did you save me? Who are you?" she asked.
"It doesn't matter. You can go," he said and then went back to stare at the window where the sun was rising.
She opened her mouth to speak, but then closed it quickly. She didn't want to press her luck and upset this possible kidnapper so she went quickly out the door without another word. But if he was the abductor, why did he wait for her to wake up to clearly identify him before he let her go? This was getting too weird. 
Emma went down to the front desk again, with another plan. "I'd like to checkout please, room 516," she said confidently to the female clerk.
"Absolutely Miss." The clerk forced an overly polite smile. "It looks like Mr. Hockson has already checked out. He said he would need the room for the rest of the day so he paid up front."
"Oh... yeah… right… I forgot. Thanks anyways."
So Hockson was his last name. The police had to believe her now that she had records at the hospital, as well as a hotel lead. But something was holding her back. What if this Hockson really did save her? She would be reporting an innocent man.
 
7: Caught on Video

Gerald Mundane pointed at the screen in front of Alex McNickle. "You see boss," said Gerald beaming at Alex, "we weren't lying."
Alex ignored him and continued to stare inquisitively at the computer screen on his desk. They had caught the entire rescue scene behind the hospital on tape and now watched it in slow motion. 
"Leroy, can you get a fix on his face," Alex said. 
Leroy Piper, a short, skinny man with thick glasses typed quickly and zoomed in on Ethan's face. "It's kind of blurry but I ran it through the city network this morning and this is what we got." He turned the laptop around so that Alex could have a clear view of Ethan's profile.
"His name is Ethan Hockson," Leroy continued. "He checks into many expensive hotels often in the last few months. That's all we could find. No medical records, no address, not even a birth certificate. He might be a government spy, which can explain the missing profile data. But that’s not the interesting part. I found something incredibly strange in his energy field."
Alex jerked up at Leroy and gave his full attention. "And what might that be?" Alex asked.
Leroy turned the laptop back to himself and started typing again. Alex got up from his chair and came around the desk to look at the screen.
"Since I heard the guys mention something about a phenomenon, I decided to record molecular energy levels." Leroy pointed to three different energy fields. "Look, you can see that the unconscious girl had weak vitals and our two guys had medium levels. But take a look at what the machine records at the instant Ethan Hockson speeds by." 
Alex nods his head in agreement. The glow on Ethan was so bright and large that it overshadowed all the other human energy fields on the screen.
"Is he human, alien, or machine?" Alex questioned in amazement.
"All I can say is, he's definitely not machine. Whether he's human, mutant, or alien, it's hard to tell at this point. I would have to physically examine him."
"Gerald, Anthony," Alex called to the two men standing guard, "I want you to invite Miss Emma Quinn to our club."
The two guards looked at each other. "Uh... how are we to do that boss?" Gerald asked. 
"It seems like this guy is on to us the moment we lay hands on her," Anthony added.
"I said 'invite' you idiots, not abduct," snapped Alex. "Find out who her friends are. Get them to come to The Cyclone. All of them will be under 21 so make sure you forget to check ID. Let them all in. If she doesn't suspect any danger, she'll go and he'll surely follow. I want all the cameras on that day and all the doors locked when they're both present. No one is to enter or leave the premise. We know he’s fast, but it's going to be hard to escape once he’s inside."
"But how do you know he's going to follow her in?" Anthony asked.
"Oh, he'll follow her alright. He's done a good job of that already," Alex reassured them as his mouth curled up in a sly smile. "Now go!" he ordered.
 
8: The Police

Emma expected the police to at least be empathetic, but that was the last word she would use to describe them.  
"Why didn't you come to us right away when you got kidnapped the first time?" Officer Stanley Cow asked in a bored and uninterested tone.
"I didn't know what to report. I just woke up in a room that I didn't recognize and... um..." Her face started to heat up in embarrassment. This is exactly what she feared would happen if she reported this too soon.  
Stanley looked at her blankly, as if waiting for the punch line. His moustache twitched as he frowned.
"But it happened twice and I'm afraid it may happen again. Don't you think I might need some protection at this point?" She couldn't hide her frustration and anger any longer.
"You were abducted twice without physical harm, no robbery committed, and you didn't bother to report the first incident, which sadly indicates, Miss Quinn, you didn’t think much of it yourself. We only give protection to people in real danger." Stanley couldn't have been more sarcastic. "We'll look into it. You're free to go."
Totally humiliated, Emma swung her purse over her shoulder and stomped out. Yeah right they'll look into it. When they felt like it.

*****

"Teenagers," Stanley Cow muttered, "always looking for drama."
The employee door of the same room opened as soon as Emma left the station and a tall skinny man stepped out hovering over Stanley Cow's head.
Stanley looked up a little startled as John Carpen asked in a low voice, "who was that?"
"Oh, just some teenager reporting herself kidnapped. I think it was a prank, nothing serious."  
John threw a large folder on Stanley's desk. "Cow, I want you to start working on this big one right away. I'll give your new one to one of the rookies."
"Yes sir, right away sir." Stanley stood up and felt a surge of importance because his superior finally trusted him with bigger cases.  
John Carpen returned to his desk with Emma's report, skimmed it, and locked it in his cabinet.
 
9: The Cyclone

Steve Chislow sat down across from Emma in the school cafeteria. "Hey Emma, I heard about your kidnap," he said with a concerned tone.  
They had chemistry class together. He would be good-looking, if he would lose those giant obnoxious glasses. A total nerd, but super smart. If there's one thing Emma learned, it was to hang around smart people. They were always useful during exams. "I'm okay, thanks," she said. She was not in the mood to talk about the kidnapping after her embarrassing report with the police. She continued to eat her tasteless chicken salad.
"You know, if it makes you feel safer, we can be study buddies." Steve blushed and looked nervous. It took a few seconds for her to grasp at the real meaning behind his suggestion.
"I... I'm okay, but thanks so much for caring Steve." She felt the awkwardness between them. "I don’t think I’ll be taking any more sciences next year. I’m a psych major remember?"
Steve looked a little disappointed but then changed the subject. "A bunch of us are going to The Cyclone tonight. Do you want to come?"
"The Cyclone? I never knew you liked going to clubs," she said. In fact, she had never seen him do anything but have his nose glued to a book.
"I do have a life Emma," he said noticing her change of attitude. "Despite what you think, I'm not always studying." 
She went red with embarrassment. "Oh, that's not what I meant. I mean, I've never seen you at that club," she said apologetically. "Who's going?"
"Probably everyone who can get in the door. These guys were passing out flyers on campus with free admission for girls. The Cyclone is never free for anyone. I think Stacy is going too."
Of course Stacy was going. But it probably wouldn't hurt to go. She'd be safe where there were lots of people. 
"Okay, I do need a night out," she said quickly without any further thought. She just finished exams and got abducted twice, all in the last three days. She definitely needed some time to chill before she moved out of student residence.  
Then she remembered she was only 17. "Isn't The Cyclone for 21 and older only?" she reminded him. 
Emma skipped 1st grade so she was always the youngest in her class. Steve was 18 like most of her friends but that was still too young.
Steve's satisfied smile could not be mistaken. "Don't worry, I know a couple guys there that will let us in. How about I pick you up at nine o'clock? We want to get there before it gets full."
"Sounds good." Emma tried giving him an excited smile, but her mind had already flickered back to the tall and mesmerizing stranger in the hotel room. She couldn't stop thinking about him. It must be because he was her potential kidnapper. There couldn't be any other reason. She remembered he had dark brown eyes, broad shoulders and a slight tan on his skin. His short black hair was brushed back, but a few strands stuck together and fell forward in the middle of his forehead. This reminded her of the hairstyle Christopher Reeve had when he played Superman.

*****

By 10 o'clock that night, they had already shut the club doors so no one else could come in. Club life didn't usually start until then, but The Cyclone was the hottest club in town. Disappointed guests were still screaming and pleading outside.
Steve was dressed extra nice tonight. He actually tried to wear something decent instead of his usual baggy clothes.  
"How about a drink?" Steve shouted in Emma's ears over the loud music.
"No thanks," Emma said shaking her head. 
Steve looked disappointed again. Her friends never understood why she didn't drink. Her father let her take a sip of beer when she was 10 years old. From that moment on, the word 'alcohol' disgusted her. Another reason was that she didn't feel it was safe to get drunk. You could easily spill the beans on a secret or people could take advantage of you. She also never drank anything but water when she went out to clubs or parties. Who knows if anyone drugged her drink? Emma knew it was paranoia, but she had seen too many movies and read too much on the news.
"I’m going to get a drink," Steve said pointing at the bar, "be right back."
Emma smiled and nodded. The dance lights were flickering and it was hard to keep track of where everyone was on the dance floor. Suddenly, to her astonishment, she recognized his face. There, standing at the bar, and looking directly at her, was the guy from the hotel, Hockson. He started walking toward her. She was too shocked to move.
"Surprised to see you here," he said smiling.
She just stared at him, not knowing what to say. He put his hand on the small of her back, slowly guiding her toward the back of the dance floor. She noticed some of her friends, especially Steve, staring at her.
Her inner voice tried to tell her 'don't follow this man, it's dangerous,' but her body wouldn't obey. His handsome features were exaggerated even more in the night. The heat of his warm hand sent an electrical current through her. He stopped behind one of the speakers so that the noise would not be so loud. 
"Do you come here often?" he asked, as he let go of her back. 
"No… maybe… no," she stuttered.
"Did you ever find out who the kidnappers were and what they wanted from you?" he asked. Ethan dropped his grin and changed to a serious look.
Emma started to relax. "No, but do you know what happened to me at the hospital?" 
"A couple of guys were wheeling you out on a gurney, but I don’t know what happened inside the hospital."
"How were you there to save me again? Who are you Mr. Hockson?" She began to regain her confidence and was determined to demand the truth from him this time.
He smiled and studied her face for a few seconds before replying. "I see that you have done some detective work yourself Miss Quinn. My name is Ethan Hockson. I was just in the area when I saw you."
"Just in the area?" She raised her eyebrows. "Just like you were 'just in the area' tonight?" she mocked playfully. He laughed.
"How did you get in? You don't look 21," she asked.
"How did you get in? You don't look 21 either," he countered with a smile. She laughed. 
"So how old are you?" she asked.
"I'm 18." Ethan didn’t look amused when he answered, but she didn't think it was because of his age. He was starring right past her like something else caught his attention. Another human shadow suddenly came from behind her and she turned around. Ethan's face darkened.
"Excuse me," said a gruff voice, "we don't allow people to stand behind this line. Only employees are allowed behind the stage and speakers." The man was very big and tall. He looked like one of the bouncers.
Ethan took Emma's hand and they walked toward the bar area. The music changed to a slow song and couples started entering the dance floor while singles went out to get another drink.  
"Let’s dance," Ethan suggested and led her to the dance floor without waiting for an answer.
He smelled so good to her as he pulled her close. The scent was like a magnet drawing her even closer. It wasn't any cologne that she could recognize. It must be pheromones. 
She decided she was going to enjoy this night, even if it was going to be with a possibly dangerous stranger. 
"Well, do you come here often?" she asked starting to feel flirtatious.
Ethan didn't seem to hear what she said. He was staring past her again at something or someone. "I don't think you should be here," he whispered in her ear, as he pulled her closer.
"What? Why?" She started to look around nervously.
"Look at me, and don't look away," he said hurriedly, but there was some strain in his voice.
He pulled her even closer to his chest, and then bent down to whisper in her ear again. "Don't be alarmed when I tell you this, pretend to enjoy the dance." 
Pretend to enjoy the dance? Emma didn't feel she needed to pretend. 
"The two men that abducted you both times are in the club now," he warned.
Emma instinctively tightened her arms around his neck, but didn't look up at him. She kept her cheek against his chest. 
She knew he could feel her heart start beating faster because he gently rubbed her back and spoke again. "It's okay, just pretend your stomach hurts, and tell your friends you want to go home."
"But we just got here, and I don't want to go home alone, and I barely know you and..." She tried to think of more excuses, but couldn't think of any.
Ethan casually took her hand again and walked from the dance floor laughing. He pretended to talk to her, but she couldn't hear anything. He was acting. Something must be wrong. They headed for the front door, but two men beat them to it.
"Hello," a tall Caucasian man greeted them with a smile. "I'm Gerald and this is Anthony. Our boss would like to invite both of you upstairs for a drink." 
Ethan stood straight without letting go of her hand. "Who is your boss and what does he want?" he asked fearlessly. Not letting go of Ethan's hand, Emma slowly moved behind him and hugged his arm for support.  
"Oh, he just noticed your nice watch and wanted to know where to get a similar one," Gerald said with an even bigger smile. At the same time he moved the front of his suit to bare a visible gun. Ethan clenched his fists when Gerald mentioned the watch. 
"Sure, why not?" said Ethan, suddenly changing his expression to a friendly one. 
Emma couldn't believe he actually agreed to follow them. Didn't he see the gun in that guy's jacket? Maybe this was all an act and Ethan was purposely leading her directly to the kidnapper. 
Ethan seemed to sense her tension. Releasing her hand, he put an arm around her waist and whispered in her ear, "I'll get us out, I promise."
She felt relaxed at those words. There was something so soothing, so comforting about him. Maybe he was helping after all. If he was with them all along, he should win an Oscar for great acting. Either way, they were finally going to find out what this was all about.

*****

The Cyclone had two floors. They followed Gerald to a room upstairs. Anthony walked behind them, probably making sure they didn't make a run for it. When they entered the room, a young man stood up from his couch and greeted them with open arms. There were four other men standing in the room who were probably his bodyguards. 
"Welcome my friends, my name is Alex McNickle," he said. Emma could tell he forced a smile as genuine as possible, but they didn't smile back. "Please, have a seat," he invited. They sat down on the loveseat across from the single sofa he was sitting on. "It's so nice of you to come," he continued. "Why don't we..."
"Why don't we cut to chase by you telling us exactly what you want," Ethan interrupted firmly.
"My, my, my... so eager," Alex chuckled, but then he nodded to Gerald.
Gerald immediately yanked Emma from the sofa and put a knife to her neck. Two of the four men tried to hold Ethan down. Ethan stood up and pushed the two bodyguards down like he was sweeping dust off his shoulder
"We know you're fast," Alex said quickly. "Especially when it comes to pretty women." Ethan stopped moving. "Oh yes, we know all about you Mr. Hockson," Alex continued as he started to relax and sit down on his sofa again. 
Emma couldn't help but wonder. What did he mean that Ethan was fast? Did he mean Ethan was physically fast or sexually fast? 
"Your little girlfriend is not the only one we invited tonight. All the doors of this club are locked. This room is being watched right now, and if you try anything, anything at all, all your little underage friends down there will be shot one by one."
"Let her go. I'll answer any of your questions," Ethan bargained.
"We invited both of you for a reason Mr. Hockson. Take her to my room," Alex ordered. Gerald dragged Emma from the room as she looked back at Ethan desperately.
 
10: Interrogation

Ethan started to sweat and feel his uncontrollable anger. "Don't hurt her," Ethan said quietly, feeling weak again. This wasn't Julie. Why was he feeling this way? He could easily take these guys down but that was too risky. They had Emma and he could risk his identity.
"Don't worry, Mr. Hockson, we always take good care of our guests. If you both cooperate, you'll both leave unharmed." Alex showed his bright white teeth in a sly smile. "Now, since you're so eager to get down to business, why don't you start by telling me how you can run so fast?"
"What do you mean?" Ethan replied innocently.
"Oh, you don't have to start that game. We’ve got you on tape when you rescued Miss Quinn at the hospital." Alex started to get impatient. "Now tell me everything, including what you know about the data your girlfriend picked up."
Ethan pretended to look confused. So that's what he's after, some sort of data. It must be pretty important if he has to abduct a helpless girl for it. That’s probably why he hasn’t killed her yet. He wants something from Emma. 
"I don't know what you're talking about," Ethan said. "I only just met her couple of days ago. I don't know anything about any data."
"You looked pretty cozy to me for two people who just met a couple days ago," Alex jeered.
"Ever heard of one night stands?" 
Alex ignored the sarcastic remark. "I will soon find out about that from Miss Quinn. I believe you still haven't answered my question about your speed."
"Nor do I have to," Ethan said daringly.
Anthony hit Ethan on the head with his gun. He fell to the ground but did not move. Gerald smacked him a couple times but Ethan still remained limp.  
"You fool!" Alex shouted. "You're just delaying our interrogation." Anthony looked down apologetically.
"Take him into the back room and tie him up," Alex commanded. "Make sure you use chains and keep watch. Who knows what else he's got under his sleeve. Then call Piper to come examine him." Gerald and Anthony quickly pulled Ethan from the room.
"I'm going to have a little chat with our pretty face," Alex said grinning.
 
11: Assault

Gerald pushed Emma into Alex's room. He locked the door behind him when he left. The room was a cozy bedroom. Alex McNickle must spend a lot of time here. Why else would a person need a bedroom in a club? 
She still didn't have any answers. What did they want from Ethan? Why was she tied in with all of this? 
A few minutes later Alex McNickle walked in the room.
"What do you want from me?" Emma demanded.
Alex took off his suit jacket and started to loosen his tie without ever losing his gaze on her. "I can see why Ethan likes you." He had a seductive tone in his voice.  
She ran toward the door but Alex caught her hand before she could reach the doorknob. He grabbed both her hands and pinned her against the wall beside the door. His face was only an inch from hers. She could smell the tobacco in his breath.
"Listen carefully, sweetheart," he said threateningly. "Your boyfriend Ethan is unconscious and locked up in the other room. Either you will cooperate or we will kill him. Understand?"
She whimpered and gave a tiny nod. What had they done to Ethan? And what was Alex McNickle going to do with her? There was really only one thing a brutal man like this would want to do to a girl in a bedroom. Alex slowly released her hands and put an arm around her shoulder. He led her to the bed and sat down beside her on the edge.
The music could still be heard from downstairs. No one would hear her scream even if she tried. "Now, tell me Emma, what have you done to my data, what do you know about it and who else knows?" He started to play with her hair.
"D...Data?" she stammered. She couldn't think of what he meant by that.
"Yes data. You picked up a USB stick on the street a few nights ago. My men saw you." Alex said impatiently.
She tried desperately for moment to recollect what he was saying. Yes, on the night of her first abduction, a few hours before she was chased, she saw a man dragged into a black limo. He threw something on the ground as two other men pushed him in the vehicle. After they sped away, she picked it up and continued to the gym where she was headed. It happened so fast she didn't think much of it. But after her workout, she went to visit Aunt Sylvie, where she forgot her workout bag containing the stick.
"I... I don't have it anymore," she said. Whatever it was, it probably was illegal. She couldn't tell him where it was because that would put Aunt Sylvie in danger.
"Don't lie to me!" Alex grabbed the back of her neck and pushed her to the floor. Her head hit a chair and knocked it over. She could feel a bruise starting to swell on her head. Alex walked over and closed his hand over her neck, pulling her up to her feet. She could barely breathe and her hands went instinctively over his to try to loosen the grip.  
Just before she thought she would pass out, he released the choke. Her hands went to her neck as she breathed heavily catching her breath. 
"No, I'll just end up knocking you out like Hockson," he said. "That's no fun. Let's try something else." Alex grabbed her by the back of her neck again and forced a hard kiss on her mouth holding her in a tight bear hug. 
 
12: Chained

Gerald and Anthony handcuffed Ethan's hands behind his back and wrapped chains around his body and feet. "That should do it," Gerald said with satisfaction. "Let's see him get out of this one."
After Gerald and Anthony left, Ethan opened his eyes slightly and listened carefully. He couldn't let them know that he faked being unconscious. Gerald mumbled something to another man outside the door about keeping watch. 
He could hear very well in the night but their voices were muffled by the loud music. He waited for their footsteps to grow faint. Then, with effortless force, he broke loose from the chains. Obviously, they did not know about his strength. These chains would never hold an elephant, and he was probably stronger than that.
Ethan peeped through the hole on the door. There were two men guarding the door on each side. He knocked on the door loudly. The guards realized the sound was coming from the room after a few knocks. With their guns ready, they slowly opened the door. Once inside they saw the chains on the floor and turned around, but it was too late. Ethan knocked their heads together taking them both out. Using the chains, he tied them both to each other.
Down the hall, he tried to listen carefully to see where Emma was. The music was so loud. He looked in one room and saw Gerald, Anthony and a few other guys chatting away not noticing the shadow he was casting at the door. He continued down the hall and suddenly heard a soft scream and a pleading voice of a girl. That must be Emma. It only took him a second to find the room.
 
13: Strength

Alex pinned Emma to the bed ripping her blouse open. Her bra and jeans were still on, but it wouldn't take him long to rip them off too. 
But before he could, the door burst open. Ethan looked like a mad tiger. With one hand, he tore Alex off her and threw him so hard he hit the wall across the room, falling down unconscious.
"Are you okay?" Ethan asked. Emma was so stunned she couldn't answer. Too amazed at what he just did, she forgot her shirt was undone. Ethan glanced down and nodded at her chest and she followed his gaze. Immediately, she wrapped both sides of her shirt to cover her chest and fumbled at the buttons. 
He took her hand after she got a couple buttons done and swiftly pulled her toward the door. "Come on, we have to get out of here before the others find out what happened."
But as soon as they got outside the door, Gerald Mundane saw them. 
"Stop!" Gerald warned and pulled out his gun running after them. 
A bouncer was standing at the main entrance. "We need to leave," Ethan said to him, "open the door."
"Sorry man," said the bouncer firmly, "we have strict orders to not open the doors until midnight. There's a crowd of people still waiting to get in. Why don't you just get another drink and..."
But Ethan didn't wait for him to finish. Holding Emma's hand firmly, he pushed the bouncer aside and opened the door, breaking the lock as if it were open. There was indeed a crowd waiting outside that swarmed into the club. 
 
14: Plan B

A sling held Alex's broken arm as he sat in his office above The Cyclone. His head was still in pain from the hit, but his mind was clear. The club was quieter during the day. With a gun in his hand, he smacked it across Gerald's face. "I thought I told you to chain him up well and keep watch!"
Gerald was on his knees holding his bruised face. "We did boss," he said. "Really tight. But when we got there, the chains were around our men."
"So Mr. Speedy Gonzales also has super-human strength?" said Alex turning to Leroy Piper. "Leroy, have you found him yet?"
"Not yet, sir," replied Leroy. "But it won't take long. As soon as they make any type of monetary transaction, I'll get an alert."
"Good," said Alex. "Uncle Sam, what about our friend at the police station?" Alex turned to face his uncle.
"Still buried, last I spoke with John Carpen," replied Sam Winter. "He personally took the file and locked it up in his office." The old man changed his expression to a serious concerned look. "Alex, you know that if the police get a hold of that data, it might lead them directly to us."
"I know," Alex responded irritably.
"I think it's time to prepare for the worst and execute Plan B," Sam said sternly.
"What are you proposing?" 
"First of all," continued Sam, "we have to move all our testing facilities and wipe them from the records. If the police trace the virus back to us, they will have no proof. We can simply say that the data was faked to bring down our stock price."
Alex thought for a brief moment before he spoke. "Moving the facilities will take a lot of work and reconstruction. The security set in place makes sure that nothing leaves the premise. If we reduce security to transport materials and someone gets a hold of the vials containing the virus, that would be worse than the situation we're in now."
"That may be," said Sam. "But the virus contained in the vials cannot be detected unless it's injected into a living organism," Sam reassured. 
Alex seemed convinced, but there was something else that worried him. The antidote for the virus has not been manufactured yet for the masses. He only had a handful of samples. After the virus hits the population, McNickle Pharmaceuticals would pretend to go through fast research overnight and come up with the antidote. Thus, it would increase the credibility, and increase the stock price of the company. 
If they moved to another place, they needed to be close to another water source because of the amount of water needed to produce the antidote. That was going to be tricky because they were already in the best place possible beside the New York harbor front. Beachfront property was very hard to buy at a good price if you want to settle fast.
Alex faced his uncle to address his concerns. "What about the manufacturing of the antidote? Where are we going to find another area near the water in such a short period of time? It would take some time to buy land and setup. And if the virus broke out too soon by accident, all our efforts would be wasted."
"I've already purchased a place near plenty of water," Sam said grinning at his nephew.
"Where?" Alex asked in surprise and admiration.
"Niagara Falls," Sam replied.
"Niagara Falls, NY?" Alex said in dismay.
"No, Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada," Sam corrected.
That did seem like a great place, Alex silently agreed. The water source was extremely powerful. The only problem was it had a lot of nosy tourists walking around. But then Alex caught his uncle's grin and understood. They could build a regular office building as a cover up above ground and then work underground. No one would suspect.
 
15: The Haunted House

Damn these high heels! If only this happened after she came from the gym with running shoes. Emma was so exhausted from all the running and her feet started blistering. It was probably the adrenaline rush numbing her appetite. But her vision was starting to wade and the dark night wasn't helping with that either.
Ethan, on the other hand, didn't look the slightest bit tired. "What did those men want from you?" he asked, obviously ignoring her constant struggle to keep up with him.  
"They want a U... S... B... stick," she said in between breaths. "I saw a man… pushed into a limo… and he dropped it."
"What's on it?" he asked.
"I don't know." 
"Do you still have it?" He walked even faster.
"It's... at... Aunt… Sylvie's." Emma was running out of breath.
"Let’s rest in the house over there," Ethan suggested.
"That house over there?!" she said in horror and let go of his hand. "But it's haunted!" 
There was an old home in the district behind The Cyclone that was rumored to be haunted. Anyone who came in never came out. There was no way she was going to go in there.
Ethan raised his eyebrows and then pursed his lips. "I'm sure the ghosts will be less hostile than your pursuers," he said. "Besides, we need to rest. He gently but firmly took her hand again and dragged her toward it.  
His hand was so warm. She weakened and went soft at his touch. She would follow him anywhere, but here. Her body started to stiffen, and her legs lost their flexibility. The chills crept down her spine. Ethan tightened his grip on her hand. 
"It's okay," he reassured, "I've been here many times and I've never seen anything. It's just an old house with lots of made up rumors."
She looked at him in surprise and felt some of her fears dissipate. But when they got to the door, she moved closer to him hugging his arm. He glanced down at her, smiled, and opened the door. 
It was dark inside and hard for Emma to see anything clearly, but Ethan walked around the furniture as if it was bright as day. 
He started to walk up the steps to the second level. She hesitated and pulled back his arm a little. Going up the stairs in a haunted house was the last thing anyone would want to do. There was always something bad up upstairs in horror movies and ghost stories.  
"Can't we just stay down here?" she pleaded. "Isn't there a couch on this floor we could rest on?"  
He chuckled and said, "There’s only room for one of us on the couch." He was right. She really needed to sleep and it would be really uncomfortable for two people to share a narrow couch right now. 
Were they going to sleep in the same bed? The thought brought nervousness and excitement at the same time, releasing some of her fears. Or would they be sleeping in separate rooms? There was no way she was sleeping in a separate room in this house. She would rather sleep upright on the couch if that were the case.
"There's a big king size bed in the master bedroom," Ethan said. "You can choose which side you want first." 
How was it that he was so telepathic? It was eerie at times. It was like he could read her mind.
Still holding on tight to Ethan's arm, she closed her eyes as he opened the bedroom door when they got to the top of the stairs. She didn't want to look. "It's okay," he said while laughing, "you can open your eyes."
Emma slowly peeked with one eye and then the other. It was indeed a big bed; bigger than a king size bed. It was probably custom made by the look of it. The room had a moldy smell. It wasn't where she imagined she would be spending her first night with Ethan.
"Here, sit down and breathe," he said. Gently he released her hand, and sat her down on the bedside facing the window. 
He went to the window and peeped through the curtains. He was only a couple feet away but she felt like it was a couple miles. Her childhood fears came back again and she jumped up to his side, clutching his arm. 
"What is it?" he asked concerned.
"N…Nothing, I just wanted to see what you were looking at outside." Ethan pulled her closer to him.
"What did those men mean when they said you were… fast?" she asked. He didn’t reply and continued to look out the window. "You're pretty strong too," she said, remembering how he threw Alex McNickle like a toy doll.
"I hate seeing other people get bullied so I got really angry," he explained, still not looking at her.
Yeah right. No one can do that, even in anger. She was about to ask him another question when she heard the sound of a mouse squeak. 
"Ah!" she squealed and jumped up grabbing his neck. He caught her in his arms and held her tight.
"It really is okay," he said amused, "I spent many days and nights here by myself. It's just an old house, nothing more." He slowly put her down, and led her back to the bed. "Get some sleep," he said. "I'll stay up until you've fallen asleep."
Emma lay down on the pillow, but immediately got up and tossed it to the bottom of the bed. It smelled worse than a dirty bathroom. She lay on the mattress facing the ceiling, not closing her eyes.  
Ethan lay down on the bed bedside her. He didn't seem to mind his pillow and stared up to the ceiling as well. He kept a good distance but still remained at arm's reach.  
How nice it would be to curl up in his arms, she thought as she drifted. Within a couple minutes, she fell fast asleep. There was a limit to human strength and hers was all gone.
 
16: Diamonds

Ethan waited for Emma to fall asleep, gently calling her to see if she would wake. She didn't budge. He wrote her a note on the table just in case she woke up. They needed to get some money. Pressing a few buttons on his watch, he disappeared into what looked like a black hole.  
Appearing in his lab, Ethan walked up a staircase and pushed open the ceiling, climbing out to his backyard. The sun was shining and it felt wonderful to be back in his world again. Everything here was so beautiful and peaceful. You didn't have to lock your doors at night. People were always happy and cheerful.
Walking toward his garden he bent down and grabbed a handful of diamonds. So strange that people in the other universe valued these things. Here in New Utopia they were just plain rocks that shone brilliantly, but did not have any value because there were so many of them. Everywhere you walked you could see diamonds. It was like seeing rocks on a rubble driveway.
When Ethan saw diamonds at a jewelry store in New York, he couldn't believe that people paid thousands of dollars for these worthless gems. But, that made his visits to New York easy. All he had to do was pawn one of these or sell them to a jewelry store. He always gave them away at ridiculously low prices so the owners could not resist and buy immediately.  
With a fist full of diamonds, he went down to his lab again. Taking out a small pouch from his desk, he dumped the diamonds in. He opened his cabinet and took out a knapsack. Taking with him some cookies and a couple bottles of water, he programmed the transporter on his watch to return.
Emma was still asleep when he returned, thank goodness. He was only gone for five minutes, but you never know. The last thing he would have wanted was for her to wake up screaming and calling attention to the house. Or maybe that would scare people away. Who knows?
He slid back beside her propping his arm on one side and rested his head on his hand. She was so beautiful, exactly like Julie. There was something different about her though.  
Julie Litmore walked with grace and moved with gentleness. She always made people feel good around her, especially him. 
Emma Quinn was more independent and spoke more frankly. It was hard for anyone to be gentle in this world. People would walk all over you. Yet, through all that, he could still feel the same gentleness inside her. 
Ethan lay down staring at the ceiling again, putting visions of both women in front of him. If he had to choose one, who would it be? Of course it would be Julie. He barely knew Emma. They looked the same but were completely different people. He was only temporarily attracted to Emma because she looked like Julie and reminded him of her. He only loved Julie… didn’t he?
 
17: Hold Me

Emma woke up abruptly in the middle of the night. She sat up, hugging her knees and shivered from the spookiness of the place. Turning to her side she saw Ethan awake as well.
"Were you dreaming?" Ethan asked sitting up with her.
"I can’t remember. I’m kind of cold. Maybe that’s what woke me up," she said.
"Come here." He put his arm around her shoulder and eased her down again, into his arms. She certainly wasn't expecting this, not here anyways. This was the most unromantic place in the world. But it was so nice to be close to him. 
She could hear her parents lecturing right now. This is exactly what guys do when they want to take advantage of you. Take you to a scary movie, drive with little gas in the car so you have to stop in the woods, or take you to a haunted house. But she didn't care if that was the truth. 
Men rarely impressed her. She wasn't eager to jump into bed with any of them. Almost all of them in her age group were immature little boys. The mature ones usually had someone else already. 
Ethan was so grounded, intelligent, gentle, kind and protective… any girl's dream guy. On the flip side, he was also mysterious and possibly dangerous. He was only holding her, never once trying anything, but you never know what that could lead to.
Emma was too tired to use her brain at the moment. For once, she wanted to let go and forget all her fears.
 
18: The Green Dress

It was noon when Emma finally woke up. She was still in Ethan's arms. Looking up, she could see him staring up at the ceiling just like last night with his free arm behind his head.
He turned to her, smiled, and asked, "Did you sleep well?"
"Yes... surprisingly." She covered her mouth and yawned as she got up.
"Here." He handed her a bottle of water and a cookie.
"Where did you get these?" she asked. 
"Oh, I forgot," he said turning away. 
She looked at him with surprise but really didn't care what the answer was. Her stomach felt nothing but gratitude because she was both thirsty and starving.
She took another bite into the cookie. "Wow, these are really good. I've never had a cookie like this before. What's the brand name?"
"Okay, I think it's bright enough to go outside," he said, completely ignoring her question. 
Why must he be so mysterious all the time? But she wasn't in the mood to start interrogating.
"It seems like these guys are covering up something big and have a big reputation to protect," said Ethan. "I don't think they will be shooting us in broad daylight. Let's go get that USB stick from your aunt's and find out what this is all about." 
"Good idea, but I'm still hungry and smell like a skunk."
"Let’s go to a mall," he suggested. "It has a good selection of food and clothing. There are also a lot of people."

*****

The mall was busy as usual. People were shopping, eating, or just sitting around watching others shop and eat. 
"Why don't you go sit in the food court and get something to eat. I just need to do a couple of quick errands, don't go anywhere. I'll be back in five." Ethan's voice trailed off because he was already walking away.  
"Um... okay," she said with disappointment. Wasn’t he hungry too?
An hour past and Ethan didn't return yet. Had something happened to him? He asked her to not go anywhere, but he also said he'd be back in five minutes, or did he mean five hours? Irritated and worried at the same time, Emma got up and started walking around looking at the clothing stores.

*****

Another hour passed after Emma purchased some comfortable clothes and shoes, changed in the bathroom and went outside. Ethan was still nowhere to be found. Lots of people were walking by but no one seemed to notice her. 
Her eyes caught sight of a green dress and then recognized the face with blonde hair. It was her friend from school, Stephanie Berkley.  
"Hi Emma," she said. "You look worried about something. Come on, I’ll buy you a coffee."
That would be so nice, and Emma wanted to say yes, but she had to find Ethan and get out of here before someone else recognizes her. 
"Thanks Steph, but I'm kind of in a hurry."  
Stephanie glanced around as if she was looking for someone. Before either of them could say anything else, Emma heard Ethan's voice. Relief washed over her and she turned toward him. He was talking to someone on a cell phone. Stephanie followed her gaze and looked at him curiously.  
"Who is that?” Stephanie asked. "Do you know him"?
Emma wanted to answer, but before she could, Ethan walked right by them, grabbing Emma's hand and pulled her away without looking at either of them standing there.
Trying to keep up with Ethan's fast pace, she couldn't decide what to do. Emma glanced back and forth from Stephanie to Ethan as she stumbled along, not knowing if she should stop Ethan from pulling her away, or shout an apology back to Stephanie for Ethan's strange and rude behavior. Fortunately, Stephanie didn't follow them.
Emma forcefully pulled her hand back and stopped when Stephanie was out of sight. 
"What was that all about?” she asked angrily.
"That," he said, "was saving your life."
"What? From who?" 
"That girl in the green dress," Ethan said plainly.
"Who, Stephanie?" she said in disbelief. "She's my friend from school."
"That maybe so, but I saw her talking to those men that were after you," he explained. "What did she say to you?"
Emma tried to quickly regain her composure. "Um... she just said I looked worried and wanted to buy me a coffee."
"Sounds to me she was trying buy time to get you to come with her so that someone could come collect you." 
Emma felt like a fool. She couldn't look him in the eye. That's why Stephanie looked a little nervous and kept looking around. But how could she instantly suspect a friend?  
Ethan saw the expression on her face and his voice softened. "I'm sorry," he sighed. "I didn't realize it was your friend. You can never suspect anyone like that."
"I wonder why she would do that?" 
"Come on," he said, interrupting her thoughts. "We have to..."  
BOOM! A gun shot. Ethan swiftly headed for the closest mall exit pulling Emma along. The crowd screamed and went wild. He pushed his way through the crowd. 
"In here," he directed as they went out a back exit. He pulled her into the back of a delivery truck and hid behind some boxes.
"I think we lost them," she said hopefully, panting and catching her breath.
"Yeah, I think so too," Ethan agreed. "But we can't stop here. Looks like I was wrong about them not wanting to shoot us in public." 
After the screams died down, they started walking through the winding streets again. Ethan walked so fast she could barely keep up. Luckily she purchased running shoes at the mall. That didn't really help much though. 
"Ethan please," she begged breathlessly when the sun started to set. "Couldn't we find some place to hide, or rent a car? I don't think I can go on anymore."  
He ignored her and walked even faster. The sun was down and the streetlights lit up. After another couple of blocks, she collapsed to her knees and fainted.
 
19: Niagara Falls

The next morning Emma woke up with a dry throat and starting coughing. Her surroundings looked like a hotel or motel. It was probably a motel because it looked kind of run down. 
Ethan was already up and handed her a bottle of water. "You slept well last night," he said. "Not so jittery like when we were in the haunted house." 
"Well, I probably would have slept the same in the haunted house after what we went through yesterday."
"You're probably right," he said with a chuckle.
She wanted to bend over and kiss him, but blushed instead. "You probably had to drag me the rest of the way. I'm sorry to burden you like this."
"You could never be a burden to me Emma." 
She looked at him trying to figure out if that had any other meaning. He turned away, realizing what he just said. She felt the awkwardness but pretended she didn't notice. 
"Where are we anyway?" she asked.
"We're in Niagara Falls." 
"Niagara Falls?" She almost choked on her water. "That's a long ways from where we were. We're basically at the border to Canada. Did you rent a car?"
"Actually, we're in Niagara Falls, Ontario," he said, ignoring her question about the car.
"How did we get across the border?" she asked suspiciously. "I didn't have my passport and I was... well… unconscious."
"I told the officer at the border we were at a party and you drank too much," he said quickly, ignoring the question about the passport. "Emma, don't worry about that right now," he said changing the subject again. "You fainted and hit your head. Just try to relax and we'll talk about it later. Are you hungry?"
She felt her head for any bruises, but couldn't find any. Funny, she should at least feel some pain from hitting her head yesterday. But her worries drifted when she heard the growl in her stomach. 
"Yes, I'm starving. What's there to eat around here?" 
"Let’s go out and have a look," he suggested and held out his hand.
"Wait, let me go freshen up a bit." 
"Okay, I'll wait for you outside," he agreed, walking out the door.

*****

Emma was so hungry, she couldn't decide what she wanted to eat first. "I’ll have a chicken burger and fries," she said to the waitress.
"What about you handsome?" The young waitress was obviously flirting with him. Emma tried to push the jealous thought away. He wasn't hers… not yet. 
"I’ll have a chicken salad," Ethan said to the waitress, "and some Tabasco sauce too please."
"Whatever makes you happy," the waitress replied winking at him, clearly saying something else. Ethan nodded briefly at her and turned back to Emma.
"So you like spicy food? Me too," she declared when the waitress left.
"No, the Tabasco sauce was for you," Ethan said.
"How did you know I liked spicy food?"
"I didn’t, I just guessed." 
She looked at him doubtfully. "Good guess," she said. He seemed to know more about her than he was letting on.
"So what do you really do for a living when you're not saving damsels in distress?" she probed, changing the subject.
"I'm actually in between jobs right now. Not really working on anything," he said. Ethan shifted uneasily in his chair.
"What did you do before?" she persisted.
"I'm a scientist," he said finally.
"A scientist? At 18? Who are you? Doogie Howser?" she said disbelievingly.
"My parents encouraged me to study a lot," he said.
"You never really answered my question about your strength. Did your parents put you through rigorous physical training too?" she asked.
"Something like that," he replied. Again, she looked at him with suspicion. Even trained athletes couldn't demonstrate such strength. He was holding something back.
"Where exactly are you from?" she continued.
"Not from around here," he answered, obviously avoiding the real question.
"Well, does..."
"Look, you were in danger and all I want to do is help," Ethan cut in before she could finish. "After it's over, you won't have to see me again. Okay?"
Her face burned and she looked down at her hands. She just wanted to get to know him. Most guys enjoyed these questions. It gave them a chance to boast and show off how wonderful they were. But this guy didn't seem to want her to know anything about him.
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have snapped at you like that," Ethan said apologetically. "It's just that, I'm not used to telling anyone about myself."
"I'm sorry too. I didn't mean to pry," she said softly without looking up.
They ate in silence. When the bill came, Ethan put down a $50 bill and stood up to leave. 
"Aren't you going to wait for change? The bill was only $30," she reminded him.
"That's okay, it's better to be generous. People are nicer to you that way," he said, as he shrugged his shoulders. 
Emma was amazed again. Who was this guy? Tall, dark, handsome, fast, strong, and generous? It was too good to be true. Was he really a scientist too?  

*****

Ethan and Emma walked down the busy strip in Niagara Falls, Ontario. They shopped, played some games, and visited the Wax Museum. He even dared her to go into the Haunted House exhibit. 
Ethan paid for everything with cash. He was so much fun to be with. He made her feel so safe and secure. She was having such a good time she forgot about all the trouble she was in.
They stopped at the end of the strip where you could get a good look at the Falls. Many couples were there making out. They leaned against the metal fence facing the Falls and looked at the waters. It was so romantic with the sun setting. She wondered if Ethan was ever going to kiss her.
Ethan tilted her chin up to face him. Her hands started to tremble. "You are so beautiful," he said. Strangely, she felt like he was talking to someone else.
"Aren’t you the sweet talker," she teased. But Ethan did not laugh. He started to bend down toward her lips. She closed her eyes. After a few long moments, she felt him release her chin and opened her eyes to see him walk away. He ran his hand through his hair and stared at the water blankly.
What went wrong? She was disappointed to say the least. One moment he was so warm and seductive, the next minute he turns cold. Did she have bad breath?  
Letting out an annoyed sigh, she walked over to him. "I’m kind of tired," she said irritably. "Maybe we should head back."
"Me too," he said, "it’s getting dark." They walked back to the motel in awkward silence. 
"Are we going to go get the USB stick from my aunt?" she asked to break the silence as they walked inside the motel room.
"Not we, it's too dangerous. I want you to stay here in Canada. They will never suspect that you left the country. I will go back and get it. Where did you leave it?"
"It's in a red duffel bag at my aunt's. But, she's not just going to let you in."
"Don't worry about it. I'll get it, without your aunt's knowledge."
"What are you going to do? Break in and steal it?" 
"I'll do whatever it takes." 
"No, it's too dangerous Ethan." 
"Don't worry, I can take care of myself. You just stay here and keep yourself safe. Don't ever use a credit card or show your ID to anyone." 
"Why not?"
"I thought about how they found us at the mall. You used a credit card to pay for your food and clothing, didn't you?"
"Yes." She felt dumb again.
"Your world is a little bit more advanced than I originally thought. But anything digital can be traced. A credit card or debit card transaction can easily be located. Here's some money." 
Her mouth opened wide in shock when she saw the wad of cash in her hands. There must be at least $10,000.
"I can't take this," she said, handing it back to him.
"Yes you can," he insisted and didn't take it back. "You have no choice. I won't be gone long. If something happens, go to a crowded area." 
He bent down and kissed her on the forehead. Even that sent electricity down her spine, paralyzing her for a moment. Ethan left, leaving her staring at the door. Snapping back to reality, she dropped the money on the bed, and rushed to the door, but Ethan was already gone.  
Emma walked down the strip until she could no longer see the lights. It was dark, but she could see that some construction was happening near the end of the strip. It looked like they were tearing down some old buildings to build another one. They were digging pretty deep into the ground. They must be building an underground parking lot.
"Well, well, well, what brings you across the border Miss Quinn?" She froze at the sound of that voice. Turning around, she saw the bright white teeth of Alex McNickle. 
 
20: The Data

Ethan surveyed Sylvie Quinn's apartment building. It was easy to get in. He just had to swoosh past everybody and no one noticed. He knocked on her door. No one answered. Ethan pulled out something that looked like a key. He smiled to himself. The locks in this world were so easy to pick.
Within a few seconds he opened the door and searched the apartment. He found the red duffel bag just like Emma described. Looking inside, he found a small black USB stick. This must be it. But just as he was about to leave, the door started to open. Ethan quickly hid behind the sofa. 
Sylvie Quinn walked in and placed her groceries on the floor. She was very attractive for a middle-aged woman. He could see where Emma got her fair skin and blue eyes.  
Before she could close the door a strong wind rushed past her. She looked around startled and wondered where the wind came from, but then didn't think much of it and closed her door.

*****

Once the coast was clear outside Sylvie Quinn's apartment building, Ethan programmed the transporter on his watch and returned to his lab. Placing the USB stick on an elevated dish, he went over to his fridge to get a bottle of water.
"Angie, analyze the object," Ethan commanded to his computer.
"Yes sir," replied the computer in a female voice. After a short moment, Angie replied, "Object scan complete. Data downloaded. Object foreign, similar to Utopian blue chip. Data transmitting to screen."
At that moment, a huge screen in front of Ethan showed snapshots of a human child with seven stages of development. By the seventh stage the child looked like an old man. Ethan stared at the screen with little interest until he noticed the dates on the bottom of each picture. By glancing at the pictures, it looked like a healthy child at different stages of his life. However, the entire time period was only seven days. The child had aged to an old man in seven days. The next screen showed a list of some chemical elements, probably a mixture of some sort. Project Seven were the last words on the screen.
"Angie, copy the data," Ethan commanded.
"Yes sir." A few seconds later, the screen flashed red. "Sir, the data is self-destructing. It looks like it was made for a single viewing only."
 
21: Gone Again

Going and returning the same night, Ethan expected to see Emma asleep. Instead, he saw that the bed was still made and the money was still there. Why would she go out in the middle of the night and leave all the money behind? Housekeeping would have enjoyed the large tip the next morning. 
The phone rang in the room. Ethan picked it up hoping it was Emma. 
"Ethan!" It was Emma's voice alright, but she sounded upset.
"Where are you?" Ethan asked anxiously.
"Ethan!" Emma's voice called again but this time more distant.
"Hello Ethan," Alex McNickle said in a suave voice.
Ethan stiffened and feared the worst. "What have you done to her?"
"Oh, she's fine, don't worry." Alex laughed but then changed his tone. "You know what I want Ethan. Bring it to me, or you'll never see her again."
Ethan couldn't believe what he was hearing. This couldn't be happening. Those were the exact words he heard before Julie died. Parallel universes couldn't be that parallel, could they? 
"Where are you?" Ethan asked.
"Meet me at the construction site at the end of the strip. Someone will welcome you in. You have until 7:00 am today."
The phone disconnected. Ethan checked his watch. It was 6:10 am. The sun was almost rising. He had to figure out how to rescue Emma before that or his powers would disappear.

*****

Ethan surveyed the construction area as fast as he could. No sign of Emma anywhere. The sun was definitely rising.  
"This way, Mr. Hockson," Gerald Mundane said from behind. Crap! His enhanced senses must have weakened. He didn't hear Gerald coming from behind.  
They went to a room hidden deep below. The only entrance was a hole that looked like a giant pipeline. Ethan didn't bother looking through there thinking it was just plumbing. Everything above ground looked like they were still building. That was just to cover up the real project down here.  
They stopped to enter a room that resembled a lab. Alex was sitting at a table in the far corner with someone else Ethan didn’t recognize. They were looking at a laptop.
"You're early Ethan," Alex said smiling. "I take it you've got it then?"
Ignoring his question, Ethan asked, "Where's Emma?"
Alex laughed. "Let's just say, she's somewhere safer than here."
"Take me to her," Ethan demanded.
Alex laughed again. "Do you have what I want?"
"I'm not giving you anything until I see that Emma's alright," Ethan said.
"I hope you know that if I don't report back to my people every five minutes, she will be killed. Now where is it?" Alex said impatiently.
"I don't have it," Ethan replied honestly. Alex walked over and punched Ethan. He started to bleed but did not fight back. 
"Don't do it McNickle. Whatever you’re planning will only hurt you."
"So, you have looked at it," Alex said walking away from him. "Of course you have." Alex raised a vial full of liquid up to Ethan. "This, Hockson, is the magic that will make me rich. And if you don’t cooperate, your girlfriend will be the first to experience the magic."
Ethan swallowed hard. He couldn’t bear the thought. “I told you I don’t have it.”
"Did you try to copy it?" Alex asked looking worried.
"No, I didn't try to copy it," Ethan lied.
Alex looked somewhat relieved. "I know you have powers, Ethan. But don't try my patience or Emma will be the one to suffer."
"I don't have any powers." At the moment that was true.
This made Alex furious and he motioned his men to attack. They pinned him to the floor. "Take him to the upper room and have Piper examine him. I want to see what this superhero is really made of."
 
22: Examined

Leroy Piper looked at Ethan with great interest. They stripped him to his underwear and strapped to a gurney with metal handles so he couldn't move. Ten men were in the lab with pointed guns ready to shoot if he broke loose from the chains.
Lucky, they didn't bother taking off his watch, Ethan thought to himself in relief. If they start analyzing that or damage it, he may never be able to return to New Utopia.
"Just relax Mr. Hockson," Leroy said. "I have no intention of hurting you…unless you don’t want to cooperate. We could put you under, but I think my tests will be more valid if I can watch your reactions while you're conscious."
Leroy attached some medical wires to Ethan’s bare chest. Then he turned the knob on the machine attached to the wire. Ethan screamed louder and louder as Leroy continued to shock him with electric currents.
"Hmm… strange," Leroy said rubbing his chin. "Based on my calculations, those currents shouldn't have affected you with the energy that you possess. You could be faking it but my recordings show true pain exertion from your nerves. You energy levels have also disappeared."
Leroy came closer to Ethan and starred down into his eyes. "Are you controlling your energy in any way Mr. Hockson? How does it come and go?"
"I don’t know what you mean," Ethan choked out.
"It doesn’t matter whether you tell me or not, Mr. Hockson. I will find out either way. But I can’t promise that my methods of research will be comfortable for you. Why don’t you do yourself a favor and tell me exactly how you got your powers?"
"Go to hell," Ethan cursed.
"Have it your way then." Leroy turned up the shock levels. Finally, the excruciating pain was so unbearable that it forced him to blackout.

*****

Heading back to the lab, Leroy Piper set his laptop on the table in front of Alex McNickle. 
"Did you find anything?" Alex asked Leroy impatiently.
"I've examined him very closely," Leroy explained. "He shows no signs of super abilities. His responses to pain were identical to an average human being." 
"That's impossible! Does he have a clone?" Alex said in frustration.
"That may be the case. When I measured his energy field again, they were normal. But, there was still something interesting about him."
Alex turned to Leroy impatiently. "And?"
"I took a blood sample, and he is as clean as new born baby who has never eaten a McDonald's burger. In other words, I couldn't find a trace of any harmful substance that needed to be cleaned out," Leroy said.
"What does that mean?" Alex's interest started to come back.
"It means, although we have not proven he has super human capabilities, he is by far, the healthiest human I have ever come across. That alone makes it almost impossible unless he lived in a bubble," Leroy suggested.
 
23: Escape

As soon as the sun settled, Ethan's wounds instantly began to heal. He gained consciousness within seconds, broke free from gurney, and jumped into his clothes. They had left him alone in the lab, probably thinking he wasn't going to recover for a while. 
This time he left no rock unturned in his search for Emma. With great speed, he examined the pipelines first. No sign of her. Passing the room where he first saw Alex McNickle, he saw the vials that contained the virus. He grabbed a couple and put it in his back pocket.
What if she really wasn't in the area? He was beginning to feel desperate. Wait, he could feel her energy before. Maybe if he concentrated now he could feel it again. Closing his eyes, he tried to remember the feel of Emma's energy, repeating softly, "Emma, Emma..." 
After a few moments, he felt a hot sensation on his right. "Emma!" he said loudly and flew toward that direction. She was getting closer, he could feel it. 
24: The Rescue

The sound of a fire alarm or a building alert rang so loud, Emma's ears hurt. She pulled at the doorknob of the room Alex McNickle jailed her in, but it was locked tight. 
A few moments later she heard feet running toward her room. The door burst open and Gerald took her by the arm pulling her down the pipelines.  
"Where are we going?" she asked.
"Shut up!" he said.
Before she could say anything else, she felt a strong wind carry her away blurring the pipelines. She couldn't tell who or what was carrying her until it stopped a few seconds later. 
She couldn't believe who she saw. It was Ethan! But he didn't look back at her. He was looking directly in front of him and she followed his stare. 
Water was flowing toward their direction. Alex McNickle must have ordered his men to flood the pipes to kill Ethan. That's why the men were such in a hurry to drag her out. 
Ethan turned and ran the other way with Emma still tight in his arms. They reached the opening of the construction area where she caught sight of a few men evacuating the site. They didn't stop until they reached an abandoned factory, miles away from the construction area.
Ethan slowly put her down while he surveyed the area. She didn't let go of his neck or her gaze upon his face. Finally, he glanced down at her and looked worried. 
"Are you okay?" he asked. He still had one arm around her. She didn't know what to say. He picked her up again and set her down on a wooden box nearby. 
"Take a minute to catch your breath," he said. "We better head back to New York. The police need to know what McNickle is up to." 
She still didn't say anything but just continued to stare at him.
"Emma… Emma say something. You're making me nervous," he said kneeling down to look up at her.
"So... that's what they meant when they said you were fast," she said with her eyes glued to his face. This time, Ethan went silent.
"Who are you?” she asked.
"Ethan Hockson." 
"I mean, who are you really? Where do you come from? Are you an alien?" 
Ethan sighed. "I'm not from your world."
"So… you're an alien?" She couldn’t believe she was asking that. She felt like Lois Lane when she found out Clark Kent was really Superman. Those scenes were just in the movies. This couldn’t be real.
"No. I'm human just like you," he said.
Relief flushed through her. Of course he was human. Aliens were all science fiction. Yes, fiction, not real. 
"But, humans can't run that fast. Are you part of some scientific experiment?" Now she felt like Mary Jane Watson when she found out Peter Parker was really Spiderman.
"No. Like I said, I'm not from this world." 
She searched her brain for other ideas but had to look to him for help.
"I'm from another parallel universe," he blurted out finally.
"Oh," was all she could say. Was she still under some sort of drug? Maybe she was dreaming all this.
"Emma, you're not dreaming," he said cutting into her thoughts. She looked up at him with wide eyes. Could he read minds too? That would be so embarrassing if he knew what she was thinking those nights they were together. 
"Do you have any other powers?" she asked curiously. 
"Let's just say all my human abilities are enhanced." 
"What do you mean by all your human abilities?" 
"I mean, whatever an average human can do, I can do 100 times better… that's just a guess. I've never really measured myself or experimented. Maybe it’s 10 times better," he corrected modestly.
"So they were lying to me when they said they captured you in the lab," she concluded.
"No, they were telling the truth." 
"But…with all your powers how did you get captured?"
"Emma, I have powers…" he said slowly, "only in the night."
Finally she had the 'aha' moment. 
"That's how we got to Niagara Falls from New York. You were purposely trying to make me tired by walking around all day so that I couldn't see you run across the border. Is that right?"
Ethan smiled but then his expression changed to a worried look again. She could hear some faint voices.
"We better get out of here before someone notices us," Ethan said standing up. "The sun will rise soon and I'll lose my powers. We've got to cross the border, and then we'll rent a car to drive back to New York."
She stood up thinking he was going to pick her up again, but he turned his back on her and squatted on his knees. 
"Get on my back," he said, "I can run faster with you on piggyback, and you can use my back as a shield against the wind."
 
25: New Utopia

Emma's mind had so many questions she didn't know where to begin. "So is your parallel universe exactly like ours?" she asked as Ethan was driving back to New York.
"In some ways… yes."
"So what's different about it?" she asked enthusiastically.
"Well for one, there's less violence in New Utopia. It's also a lot more advanced." 
"New Utopia, is that the equivalent of New York?" 
"Yes," 
"What do you mean by more advanced?" she asked, immediately bringing the image of the cartoon The Jetsons in her mind.
"Have you ever seen 'The Jetsons', the cartoon?" Ethan asked.
"Yes." She looked at him startled. He’s probably hiding the fact that he could read her mind.
"New Utopia is a lot like the cartoon," he explained.
She laughed. "You mean you live in skyscrapers, ride in flying saucers, and have robots for servants?"
"Yes, that's exactly what I mean," he answered.
She stopped laughing. "You said there was less violence… how much less?"
"Barely any." 
"How is that possible?" she asked skeptically.
"Violence often starts from childhood," Ethan explained. "A child that is abused or oppressed in any way may relive that negative emotion when they get older. Children in New Utopia are treated with love and respected like adults. They act like adults at a very young age. By the age of 12, most are mature like adults here. You are legally considered an adult at the age of 14." 
"Really?" Emma said, completely amazed. She obviously knew nothing about psychology. She still felt like a kid at times. She couldn't wait to be 18. Life started at 18 according to her. At 18, you were free to make your own decisions. Legally anyways. But many parents still have a controlling hold on their kids until they die. It would have been nice to be an adult at 14, but scary too.
"How come children mature faster in your world?" she asked in wonder.
"Couples who want to get married must obtain a license and go through marriage training," he said. "It's something like your Catholic Church, which requires a couple to go through marriage class before the wedding. But ours is much more rigorous. We must take ongoing classes about relationships and how to properly maintain them. Divorce is unheard of in New Utopia."
"But what does that have to do with children maturing faster?" she asked.
"Similarly, couples who are expecting a baby must go through ongoing parental training and obtain another license. Otherwise, they could risk losing their child. You also have to renew all licenses each year. This makes sure your family relationships and child rearing can be maintained at the highest level."
"The children must be really miserable in your world with all these expectations," she suggested.
"Actually, it's quite the opposite. Children love school and they want to learn as much as possible. Learning and studying are encouraged." 
"That's really hard to believe. I don't know any kid that loves school," she countered.
"That's because you've been taught to dislike school. School is not cool here. It's something you have to do. In my world, it's a privilege," he said proudly.
"All kids are super smart like you too?" 
"I'm not considered smart in my world, just average." 
She raised her eyebrows at him. Everyone thought she was smart by skipping a grade, but beside Ethan, she felt like the stereotypical dumb blonde. If he was average, she must be a complete moron.
"Does everybody spend time studying all day?" she asked.
"No," Ethan chuckled, "maybe half the day, but most of the time people are socializing and having fun."
"Then why is everybody so smart and children so mature?"
"I think it's a psychological thing," Ethan said. "I find parents here tend to say to children things like 'you can't do this, don't do that.' Over time children feel that they are incapable of many things. In New Utopia, negation is frowned upon. Positive reinforcement is used instead. The 'you can' attitude is a Utopian value. In fact, it's written on a huge flag at the top of the tallest building to remind people."
"What you're saying is people can simply become smarter if they think they can?" she asked, feeling like she hadn't even scratched the surface of her potential.
"Yes," he said. Not only was Ethan too good to be true, but so was his world. 
"Does everybody have a robot maid?" she asked, changing the subject.
"Actually, most families have several, programmed to do different things." 
"Like multiple servants?" 
"Yes, robots make a huge difference in family life. Many people here are so busy making ends meet, doing chores and worrying about the small things in life, they often miss the most important things. And you can't really blame them. You have to do all those things just to stay alive." 
"How does everybody afford it?" she asked, thinking how most people were lucky if they could pay all their bills.
"Poverty is very rare in New Utopia," Ethan explained. "Robots are extremely cheap. The government made sure of that because they wanted all families to have lots of time for other activities. A newborn baby is gifted a brand new personal robot from the government as baby bonus."
"That sure is nice. I wish our government would start some sort of project like that." 
"Time is the most valuable of all assets as you know," Ethan continued. "When you have more time you can do a lot more things, make more money, and still have time for your family."
"It's no wonder crime doesn't exist there. There's no need to rob anyone if everyone is rich."
"I didn't say everyone was rich," Ethan corrected. "But everyone has more than enough."
 "What about food?" she asked, changing the subject again. "That cookie that you gave me in the haunted house... that was from your world wasn't it?"
"Yes," Ethan said laughing. "Those cookies are actually filled with many vitamins and nutrients. It's not your average cookie. It's not even considered junk food. In fact, we don't have junk food or fast food in New Utopia. That's probably why we live longer than people do here."
"How much longer?" 
"At least 100 years." 
"Let me guess, you don't smoke or drink either," she said guessing the obvious.
"No, we don't. I never really understood that about your world. Smoking and excessive drinking is very detrimental to human health, why do people do it? Why do some teenagers think it's cool?”
"Peer pressure, addiction and the media probably. The tobacco industry and the liquor industry are very big here. They need to make sure people keep enjoying these bad habits." 
Thank God she didn’t drink or smoke, Emma thought with relief. Otherwise, she'd feel like a criminal sitting beside Mr. Perfect here. 
"Money can be made many other ways," Ethan said. "You don't need to create harmful substances to become rich in my world. In fact, if you can invent something that will help people, you will make more money."
"Why are you so interested in me?" Emma asked before she could stop herself. 
Ethan turned to look at her and made her blush. He probably knew that this was the real question she wanted answered the whole time. 
"I mean, why are you so interested in helping me?" she said trying to save herself.
"Fate, I guess. I was getting ready to return to my universe that night I saw you get abducted. You caught my attention because you looked familiar, like somebody I knew."
"Oh, I see." She tried to hide her disappointment. So it was just a coincidence. He had no interest in her outside of that.
"Why do you look so unhappy?" he asked.
"I'm not. I'm just thinking about what happened in the last few days," she said, faking a smile. Thank God it was during the day. He could probably read her thoughts in the night. 
"Do your abilities include mind reading?" she asked wanting to know for sure.
"No. But at night, I'm very sensitive to energies around me," he said.
"What do you mean by energies?" 
"All matter, living or nonliving, vibrate certain energies," he explained.
"I've heard of something like that. But most people wouldn't be able to detect it." 
"You're right. Energy is very difficult to see or feel, but it's there. Have you ever walked into a room where two people were arguing and felt a strong heavy negative feeling, even though they were not angry at you?”
"Yes, many times," she admitted. 
"A lot of your science has proven it. When a person feels happy, sad, anxious, angry, or any other emotion, his or her energy field changes and vibrates back differently." 
"That’s a relief." 
"What do you mean?" he asked in a quizzical tone.
"At least you can't read the exact thoughts in my mind," she clarified. Ethan laughed. "How are you during the day? Is it the exact opposite where you are weaker than the average human?"
"I don't think so," he said. "I’m probably above average because of my optimum health, but not super human."
"Is the daytime your only weakness?" she asked. 
"I think the day is my only physical weakness, but…"
"But what?" she looked at him, secretly hoping he meant that she was his other weakness. Keep dreaming Emma, she told herself.
"I don't know," he said drifting into space. She had a strange feeling that he was holding something back.
 
26: Infected

If it wasn't for Ethan, Emma would probably do a phone report with the police. Last time she came to the police station, the officer made her feel more like a criminal than a victim. 
"That’s a pretty serious accusation against McNickle Pharmaceuticals Miss Quinn," Officer Stanley Cow said at the police station. "And, weren't you the one that reported those kidnappings?" he continued looking at Emma with distrust.
She could see that Ethan was trying to contain his temper. "Look," Ethan said to Stanley, "McNickle Pharmaceuticals is trying to spread a disease. They also tried to kidnap Emma because she accidentally came across their data." 
"Why would a pharmaceutical company want to risk ruining their reputation by killing millions of people?" Stanley said, still not convinced.
"They also have a cure, an antidote for the virus." Ethan said. "That would certainly increase their stock prices wouldn’t it? Just take this vial to your lab and have it tested." He handed Stanley a vial filled with the virus.
Stanley looked at them closely for a moment. "I'll send it to the lab, but if you kids are pulling pranks, you'll be hearing from me personally."

*****

As they walked out of the police station toward the rental car, Emma started to feel a little dizzy.
"There is no way McNickle is getting out of this one," Ethan started to say. "There's too much evidence against him. The court might ask you to come testify. You better get ready for that. I'm really hungry. You must be too. Do you want to…?" Ethan stopped mid-sentence and looked around realizing that Emma wasn't listening. She was sitting on the cement with one hand to her forehead.
"Emma!" Ethan called to her in a worried tone. He immediately came to her side clutching her shoulders with both hands. "What's wrong?" he asked.
"They… injected me with… I feel a little tired," she managed to say. The blood drained from Ethan's face. She fell against his chest. She wasn't unconscious, but she felt so tired she couldn't keep her eyes open. 

*****

Driving as fast as he could, Ethan raced to the hospital. How could he be so stupid? They probably injected her to threaten him, but never got around to doing it. Her face was getting more mature by the minute. The aging process had started hours ago. 
Dammit! He didn't have the cure. The USB stick had self-destructed. 
Carrying Emma swiftly into the hospital, he set her on the first gurney he could see. 
"Help! She needs help!" Ethan cried desperately. A couple men who looked like nurses rushed to their side. 
"What happened? What are her symptoms?" one of them asked.
"She's been injected within an aging virus. She's got very little time," Ethan said. The nurses looked at him as if he had gone mad. 
"Just take some blood and you'll see what I mean," Ethan instructed impatiently. He definitely couldn't count on these people to find a cure. If it was that easy, McNickle would never profit on it. 
"Emma, I'll get the cure I promise," Ethan whispered in Emma's ears. She made no reply.

*****

Luckily the night came as soon as Ethan left the hospital. He went directly to The Cyclone. McNickle was sitting with his legs on his desk as usual and Sam Winter was on the couch. Ethan entered the room uninvited and grabbed McNickle by the neck, holding him up high with one hand.
"Where is the antidote McNickle?" Ethan demanded. Gerald and Anthony immediately pulled out their guns when McNickle motioned them to stop.
"Put me down and I’ll tell you," Alex said in a strangled voice. Ethan released him and he dropped to the ground. Alex's hand immediately went to his neck to soothe it and let air in.
"Tell me where it is now!" Ethan bellowed. He had never killed a man before, and he never believed in violence or murder, but this man was ready to put millions of lives at risk. He certainly deserved it, especially if he killed Emma. 
"I don’t have it. You do," Alex snickered. That’s exactly what I’ve been trying to get from you. The data that you have contains the cure.
"You must have it somewhere else. A man like you would never leave such valuable information without a backup."
Alex laughed again. "Thank you for that compliment. Normally you would be right Hockson, but you are wrong this time. The information was too valuable and important, I couldn't risk it getting duplicated or found by anyone else."
"Who is the person that created the cure? Take me to him or her now," Ethan said grabbing Alex by the shirt.
"I’m afraid I’ll have to take you to a cemetery then. He’s dead," Alex said.
Ethan slumped down on a chair. McNickle probably murdered the person who created the cure, who was probably the person Emma saw getting pushed into the limo the night she found the USB stick. Unfortunately, the data was destroyed because he tried to copy it.
"By the looks of it, you don’t have the data either. Am I right? You tried to copy it and destroyed it didn’t you?" Alex said accusingly. Ethan didn’t answer and continued to look down at his feet. 
"Well, I guess there’s no hope for your little girlfriend now, and it's all your fault," Alex mocked.
Ethan looked at him with pure hatred and clenched his fists. He could easily kill this man. No one could catch him. He could return to his universe. But Alex was right. It was his own fault. He had destroyed the data. 
History was repeating itself again. It was his fault when Julie died too. He failed to protect her and failed to find the information that Julie's kidnappers wanted. Now he had all these powers and he still couldn’t protect Emma.
"Mind over muscle, Hockson," Alex said lighting a cigarette. "Sometimes, you’ve got to use your brain instead of depending on your brawn." 
Then it occurred to Ethan. Maybe McNickle was right. Maybe he should use more than just his physical powers. Maybe he could do something about it after all. He immediately got up and disappeared in a flash. 

*****

That very moment, some police officers entered the office. "Alex McNickle, you’re under arrest for the contamination and intention of endangering the lives of New York citizens."
Still smiling, like they were inviting him for out for a drink, Alex held out his hands to be handcuffed out of the building.
 
27: Desperate

Back in his lab, Ethan set the second vial that contained the virus on the metal dish.
"Angie, analyze the contents of this vial and find me a cure." 
After what seemed like a lifetime to Ethan, Angie responded. "There seems to be no cure for this virus sir."
"That's impossible," Ethan said in frustration. "It already exists in the other universe." Ethan said irritability.
"Sir, it is possible that a foreign substance in that universe is used to create the cure."
"Keep analyzing, Angie," Ethan commanded. I’ll bring you some foreign substances to examine."

*****

Ethan travelled back and forth from New York and New Utopia, trying to collect any foreign substance that he could think of. None of them worked. There could be a million other things. He looked and felt ragged as a result of not eating or sleeping. 
There must be a reason why McNickle built those huge pipes near the water. You don’t need pipes that big for a regular water supply. A huge apartment building doesn’t even need to have such big passageways. The water must be of significance in McNickle's operations.
Ethan grabbed a giant bottle, programmed his watch, and disappeared. In less than 10 seconds he came back and put a glass vial on the examination dish. 
"Angie, start your calculations again using the substance on the dish," he commanded.
After a few minutes, Angie spoke. "Congratulations sir, we have discovered the cure that will reverse the symptoms."
"Start synthesizing it now," Ethan commanded.
"Estimated completion time, six hours," Angie replied.
So it was the water. But water was available in both universes. No, there must be something different in the water. The only difference he could think of was the purity of the water. You could drink from a flowing well in New Utopia. Maybe the pollution level of the water was the key. Anyways, it did not matter at this point. He found a cure that could save Emma. That was the most important thing.

*****

Ethan appeared beside Emma's bedside. She looked like a frail old woman. "You're going to be okay Emma. I have the cure." 
Ethan stroked her hair. She was breathing but didn't move. The computer that measured her heartbeat suddenly flat lined, and set off an alarm. Instantly, you can hear nurses running to the room.
"No!" Ethan cried. He stabbed her heart with the syringe filled with the serum. Nothing happened. Two nurses and a doctor came into the room.
"What are you doing?" The doctor noticed the needle on Emma's chest and pushed Ethan to the side. He yanked it out and they immediately tried to use the defibrillator to start up her heart again.
"Emma," Ethan said, staring at her with clenched fists. "Please… I can't lose you again, not again." At that moment, the heart rate monitor started beeping.
 
28: No Evidence

Ethan and Emma sat impatiently in the courtroom. Alex McNickle hired Vincent Beaker, the best lawyer in the state. His reputation for never losing a case was not exaggerated.
"There is no sufficient evidence that my client was involved with contaminating this year's flu shot serum," Vincent confidently said to the judge.
"The results from our lab showed that the flu shot serum was clean, but when injected in a live blood sample, a virus started to mutate. That’s a pretty intelligent cover," the prosecutor challenged.
"That may be so," continued Vincent, "But the flu shot serum could have been contaminated by a competitor or a disgruntled employee. Furthermore, this case lacks motive. McNickle Pharmaceuticals is the leading manufacturer of all types of medications. They are an untouchable giant in the industry with almost no competition. Why would an already successful company try to kill thousands or millions of innocent civilians to jeopardize its reputation?"
"Spreading the virus and then selling the cure would definitely raise stock prices," the prosecutor continued.
"That is just speculation," replied Vincent. "There is no evidence that proves McNickle Pharmaceuticals has or ever had a cure. All of the McNickle labs were inspected and nothing was found."
"How do you explain the kidnapping and hospitalization of Miss Emma Quinn with the virus, and then the miraculous cure?" the prosecutor challenged.
"I believe Mr. Ethan Hockson is the one who injected Miss Emma Quinn with the cure," Vincent said. "Perhaps Mr. Hockson was hired by someone to contaminate the vials and then frame McNickle Pharmaceuticals. Miss Quinn did report to the police that Mr. Hockson was the first person she saw after she was abducted."
The jury looked at each other and nodded. 
"Your honor, and members of the jury," Vincent continued, "my client has taken every possible step to increase security to ensure that this does not happen again. The flu shot serum for this season has been destroyed at their expense and a new one will be manufactured. I have urged my client otherwise, but he does not want to falsely sue anyone, including Mr. Hockson without sufficient evidence." 
Alex McNickle had the most innocent face on him the entire time. Ethan looked livid and Emma wanted to claw his face.
 
29: Only a Shadow

Ethan held Emma's hand as they walked in Central Park. "Penny for your thoughts?" he said softly looking down at her. Obviously, he noticed that her thoughts were somewhere else. She walked toward a bench and sat down. Ethan sat down beside her and pulled her close.
"Are you worried about McNickle kidnapping you again?" he asked. "The jury believed him and the case was dropped, but I don’t think he’s going to try anything on you again. He’s walking on thin ice now with everyone watching him. I think his stock prices are going to drop anyways because people will no longer trust the security in the factory."
She remained silent, not hearing what he just said. "She looked like me, didn't she?" Emma said quietly.
Ethan swallowed. "What you mean?" he asked cautiously.
"You said I looked familiar when you first saw me. The woman that you loved… the one from your universe… she was me, my equivalent, the same person, wasn't she?"
Ethan was silent for a moment. "How did you know?"
"When you said you couldn't lose me… again," she reminded him.
"You heard me?" he asked surprised.
"Yes." 
"I was going to tell you when the appropriate time came." He removed his arm from her and sat up straight looking into her eyes. "Her name was Julie Litmore. She died two years ago." 
She could hear some pain in his voice. "I'm sorry," she sympathized, understanding why he was so protective. 
"It's okay. It's a long time ago," he said.
"But… Ethan," she continued slowly, "I'm not sure about us. I mean, we barely know each other, and I'm not expecting you to drop down on one knee and propose, but I don't want to get into a relationship where I'm just a shadow of someone else." 
"Emma, you could never be anyone’s shadow," he tried to assure her. "You look like her, yes, but you're nothing like her inside. You may have some genetic similarities, like the love of spicy food, but your upbringing was completely different. You’re a lot stronger than her."
She looked up at him. "Stronger than her?" she said skeptically. That was hard to fathom since he came from such a superior world. 
"Look, I admit I noticed you in the beginning because you looked like her. But, you’re a different person. Actually, you kind of irritated me in the beginning."
"I irritated you?" she said, suddenly feeling defensive. "What did I ever do to ever irritate you?"
Ethan laughed and pinched her cheek gently. "It was only for a short while when I first met you. You were… let’s say… a little more aggressive than I thought."
"I'm just a little overwhelmed and confused right now," she said looking down at the grass.
Ethan wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her close, "Sweetie, if you want to take this slow, I'm all for that."
With a sudden movement, he lifted her onto his lap, holding her even closer. His face was so hypnotic. Bending his head down slowly, he kissed her. She quickly forgot all her fears. After a long passionate kiss, he pulled back, gave her another kiss on the forehead, and pulled her cheek against his strong chest. Her eyes were still closed. She wanted to cherish this moment. 
But after opening her eyes, reality came back, and she frowned. She was in love with Ethan. That, she was sure of. But she couldn’t be too sure about how he felt about her. There were also so many things she still didn’t know about him. And his Julie… would she ever compare to his past? 
She was thinking too much again. Always analyzing things and never enjoying the moment. Maybe it was time to stop with her paranoia and live for once. Even if it didn't end well… what’s life without experiencing a broken heart anyway? 
 
Epilogue

Emma was home for the summer with her parents in San Francisco, CA. Ethan visited almost every day unless she spent some private time with her family or friends. He stayed at a hotel nearby. 
She looked up and smiled at him dreamily as they swayed on the hammock in her parent's backyard. 
"Ethan, why did you wait until I was abducted the second time before you talked to me? Why did you leave me alone in the hotel the first time?" she asked curiously.
Ethan's smile vanished and he looked past her with his eyebrows furrowed in deep thought. "Emma, I followed you to make sure you were okay that night, but I wasn't the one who saved you the first time."
 
Books by Samantha Lovella

Only in the Night I:  The Virus
Only in the Night II:  Double Jeopardy
Only in the Night III:  Betrayed
 
About the Author

Samantha Lovella loves reading and writing young adult paranormal and urban fantasy romances. She also enjoys listening to non-fiction audiobooks in the car on self-development. Always curious about how the mind worked, she studied at University of Western Ontario and graduated with a BA in Psychology. As personal entertainment, she often humors herself by twisting theories on human behavior. Some of these theories come to life in her fictional worlds.

www.samanthalovella.com


