The Decay
DBS Publishing LLC
Copyright 2014 by DBS Publishing LLC
Smashwords Edition



Chapter One
Attack on Wall Street

The blank walls of the interrogation room stared back at Sacha with cold indifference. He repositioned himself within the uncomfortable steel chair he had been instructed to sit on for the past hour. Though the room was empty, Sacha waited patiently for the two detectives to return. Across from him were two empty chairs. An empty Dixie cup rested on the table, left by one of the detectives. Sacha didn’t care for coffee. In fact, he had never drunk a cup of coffee his entire life. Maybe he was missing out on something. He probably could have used one, but had declined. He had seen enough detective shows to know that the two absent men were talking about him, trying to decide if he was guilty. Or if he was a terrorist. With the way they pressed him it would seem that they had already come to that conclusion. “This isn’t good,” Sacha thought. “They could kick me out of the country for this.”

They had to be watching him. There was probably a camera somewhere in the room. Sacha scanned the area. At first he saw nothing. White walls. Gray carpet. One of those paneled ceilings with overhead lights. He looked up and noticed that one of the bulbs were out. A slight flicker came and went. Then it was gone. Sacha looked behind him and saw a small white plastic bubble in the corner of the ceiling. “Ah ha,” he said. “There’s the camera.” As a Pole, Sacha was all too familiar with surveillance, at least as he understood it within the context of his own country’s own difficult past. In just the twentieth century alone Poland had survived Nazi and communist occupation. He had been a child when the communist government was overthrown and democracy established, but to the day, he remembered it as one of the most significant moments of his life. He had always wanted to visit America, especially during those pre-democracy days of the early 1980s. To experience New York City was a dream nearly fulfilled. But now he was in some kind of trouble. He was a suspect in an attack of which the magnitude he did not know.

The door opened and the two detectives entered. They didn’t look any happier than they had before they left the room. They most certainly weren’t in a good mood. Sacha could have taken this two ways. Either they were upset because they no longer had any reason to hold him and understood that the charade had to come to an end, or they were even more angry with him than before. The first detective, a man of towering height, a crew cut, and a booming voice, tossed some files onto the table. He smelled like cigarette smoke. Sacha wondered if their absence had been little more than a smoke break. The other detective, shorter than his partner, had a red, puffy face and mustache. His New York accent was heavy, whereas the tall one’s monotone droll sounded like it could have come from anywhere but the city.

“Mr. Jasinski, Lieutenant Harris and I appreciate your patience,” the tall officer said while reaching into his pocket. He pulled out Sacha’s passport and tossed it on the desk with the files. “Everything you’ve told us so far has checked out. We haven’t found anything in your history to indicate a criminal background.”
“That’s good to hear,” Sacha said in his best attempt to sound casual.
“But we’re not entirely done here,” Lieutenant Harris—the red-faced one—said as he took a seat across from Sacha.
“Yes, unfortunately, there’s a lot going on we don’t know about,” the tall one added.
“What we do know—what Captain Banks and I know—is that we can’t be certain about anything right now.”
Captain Banks took a seat next to his partner, opened up the file, and thumbed through its contents carefully.
Sacha grew frustrated and impatient with the officers’ evasive trepidation. “I don’t understand why I’m still here. I really don’t. I don’t understand why I was taken-in in the first place.”
Lieutenant Harris held up his hand to silence Sacha. “That will do, Mr. Jasinski. For the record, yes, you haven’t been charged with anything, but you have to understand that your proximity to an attack of this magnitude is of immediate concern.”

“Standard protocol, and by that we mean federal protocol, states that in the event of an emergency, anyone taken into custody is to be detained indefinitely until federal officials complete their investigation,” Captain Harris said.
“Yes, but—”
“And there’s nothing we can do about that but follow protocol.”
“We have our rules, they have theirs.”
“So why don’t you save yourself some trouble and tell us everything you know.”
“About what?” Sasha asked.
“About what you saw. What you heard. People you’ve spoken too. Details,” Captain Banks said. He placed a mini tape recorder on the table.
Sacha looked at the tape recorder, dumbfounded, but did his best to comply. “I will tell you everything I can, because I have nothing to hide. That is why I’m willing to speak freely.”
“Nothing would please us more. As we said, you haven’t been charged with anything. However, we would like to get a verbal statement if you wouldn’t mind.”
“You know, to speed up the process,” Lieutenant Harris added.
Captain Banks picked up Sacha’s passport again and examined it. He looked to Sacha then to his partner. “I highly doubt you have anything to worry about, Mr. Jasinski. Not too many Polish terrorists out there I imagine,” he said with a laugh.
“What about the marathon bombing?” Lieutenant Harris asked.
“They were Chechen or Russian or something,” Captain Banks said.
“You sure?” Lieutenant Harris asked.
“Yeah, pretty sure.”

The two men snapped out of their back-and-forth and looked to Sacha.
“So, Sacha, if you don’t mind me calling you that, go ahead and tell us what you know,” Captain Banks said, pressing the record button.
Sacha breathed deeply and thought to himself. He scratched his head through thick, black hair then leaned on the table.
“I don’t know. I mean I was walking along the road, about to take some pictures. I always wanted to see Wall Street, you know, get a picture of the stock exchange building. Then I heard an explosion.”
“How close were you to the explosion?” Lieutenant Harris asked.
“Not too close. I heard screaming, saw smoke, and that was pretty much it. Then there were many police on the scene and they took me in. So now I sit.”
The two officers waited, then realized Sacha had completed his testimony. Lieutenant Harris leaned forward. “That’s it?” he asked.
“What do you mean?” Sacha asked.
“I mean, that’s all you know? You didn’t see anyone run out of the building? Descriptions? You have to know something.”
“I know all that I’ve told you. I’m sorry, what else can I say?” 
Harris and Banks looked at each other again. Banks nodded to Harris who then stood up and began to pace around the room, holding a file.
“Let’s go over this afternoon piece-by-piece. This may perhaps, re-jog your memory,” he said. Sacha’s eyes followed the Lieutenant. “What we know is that at or around 3:30 p.m. there was an explosion on the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange. The blast was sudden and unexpected. It was also coordinated to coincide with the closing bell used to indicate the end of trading. This is a time the attackers carefully planned to ensure that there were as many people impacted by the attack as possible.”

“Just disgraceful,” Captain Banks added.
“Yes, yes it was,” Lieutenant Harris said. “But what we know now is that the attack could have been ten-times worse than it was.”
He turned to face Sacha. “Something spooked the attackers. The bomb malfunctioned. It detonated earlier than it was supposed to. I believe that the attackers meant to detonate the bomb right during the closing bell. Because their attack was premature, at this point, they took only ten to twenty lives as opposed to a hundred.”
“Don’t forget about all the injured,” Captain Banks said.
“Yes, thank you, Sir. This leads to another theory. The bomb could have been designed solely to maim, which in that case would mean that the attackers were not taken off guard, but intended to launch the attack at a specific time. That, in itself, could mean that we’re looking at multiple attacks in the vein of some 9/11 scenario.”
“Could've been one of those Occupy Wall Street nuts,” Captain Banks said.
“Or it could've been Al Qaeda.”
“Or Neo Nazis.”
“Or Polish tourists for all we know,” Lieutenant Harris said.

Sacha cleared his throat. “I told you gentlemen what I know and there’s nothing more I can tell you.
“Regardless,” Lieutenant Harris said. “This country is at the highest terror alert it’s seen that tragic day in September.”
“We’re looking at a national lockdown of unprecedented levels.”
“Or simply an isolated terrorist attack.”
“Either way Sasha, I wouldn’t count on going anywhere for a while.”
“Except back home.”
“Let’s recap,” Lieutenant Harris said with a confident stroll back-and-forth between the confines of the small room. “We’re roughly thirty minutes before the closing bell at The New York Stock Exchange. Brokers and traders are going at it, left and right. Suddenly an electronic glitch disables the ticker boards and the means to conduct electronic transfers. Their tablets go out, communication is cut, and business appears to be put to a halt. This is all taken from the testimony of one of the brokers on the floor. The glitch occurs within thirty seconds to a minute before the blast, which effectively shuts down Wall Street. First responders to the scene are met with a cloud of black smoke and critically wounded persons crawling on the floor.”
“A horrific sight,” Captain Banks added.
“Indeed. Police immediately cordon the area and apprehend several people nearby, including yourself, and bring them to the NYPD for questioning.” Lieutenant Harris walked over to Sacha and leaned on the table directly in front of him. “So now, Mr. Jasinski, do you understand why you’re here?”
Sacha nodded.

Chapter Two

Beech Creek, Pennsylvania

“It just won’t hold a charge, I don’t know what’s wrong with it,” the elderly customer said.
From behind the counter, Paul held the man’s iPad and scrolled through its various setting.
“This isn’t all too uncommon with these models. You might need a new battery,” he said.
“A new battery?” the old man replied. “I’ve only had the thing for two months. It was a gift. My daughter’s idea of a joke. I barely know how to use the thing.”
Paul checked the battery usage, as well as the screen display options. Everything was set to its normal factory settings. However, it was low on power, just as the old man said.
“I’ll need to reset the tablet first. If the problem persists, then my next suggestion would be to send it back to the manufacturer for a replacement model.”
The old man wasn’t pleased. “I don’t want to ship it back. That’s why I came to you. Can’t you fix it? Can’t you do anything?”
Paul took a calm breath. “Of course I can, sir. I’m going to do a system reset and then—”
“I’m a seventy-seven year old man. I don’t have time to be messing around with this nonsense.”
“I understand. It’s hard to say exactly what the problem is, but if you would like, I could order a new battery or send it back to the manufacturer for you myself.”
The old man tapped the glass counter with his index finger. “I don’t know. Seems expensive. How long would it take?”
“Two to three weeks,” Paul answered.
“I could be dead by then! Why don’t you just put a new battery in there and we’ll call it even?”
“I’m afraid it’s not that easy. It could be a problem with the battery. Or it could be several internal issues.”

The old man leaned forward and placed his hands on the iPad. “You’re just not speaking my language, son. I’ll give it back to my daughter. Maybe she can fix it.” He took the iPad from Paul with little resistance. It was almost time to close up shop for the day and Paul didn’t feel like haggling. At the time, it just didn’t matter that much. Paul liked to choose his battles carefully. There’s no doubt in his mind that he could have convinced the old man to leave the tablet, but he wanted to close shop. He would make up for it tomorrow. It seemed that the clientele of Beech Creek were similar in both age and frustration with technology. But who could blame them?
“Tell her to bring it in to me if she needs any help,” Paul said.
“Sure, I’ll tell her,” the old man said sarcastically. “She lives in the UK so you might be waiting a while. Maybe she can have the Queen of England drop it off.” The old man laughed. “She moved there to be with her new husband. He’s a funny kid. And by that I mean funny looking. Can’t believe she married a Brit. My daughter, marrying a Brit.”

Paul nodded politely. The old man snapped out of his thoughts for a moment. “Oh, I’m sorry. Thanks for your time.” He grabbed his green cap resting on the counter and walked away with the iPad.
“Not a problem, sir. Feel free to bring it back anytime,” Paul said.
The old man swung the glass door open, sounding a chime from a small bell dangling on its frame. He shuffled outside towards his Cadillac parked on the side of the road. Paul looked at the clock on the wall. It was five ‘till four. He had lost track of time, which happened at the end of the day when his mind wandered. He walked to the door and flipped the hanging sign to read “Closed.”

The “Tech Stop” was a small building tucked between other small buildings along Beech Creek’s downtown business district. The shop had two employees, Paul and the owner, Bill. Paul more-or-less ran the store as Bill’s presence became less frequent throughout the months. Bill’s wife was struggling with breast cancer. She needed round the clock care, which had gotten quite expensive. As a result, Bill became his wife’s surrogate caretaker and Paul the surrogate owner. He assured Bill that the store was in good hands, but could not—in good conscience—guarantee that the business would remain solvent financially. That remained to be seen. Their prospects were linked to the good people of Beech Creek and their faulty electronics.

Paul closed the blinds and turned off the lights, not before nearly forgetting his cell phone and jacket. He was a little behind schedule and certain that Julie would be waiting for him at school, noticeably irritated. Even with the pressing time, Paul took a moment to observe the empty store. He did this time from time, usually at the end of the work week. Any given day, things were quiet. Customers would bring in their broken laptops, cell phones, tablets, or other electronics, and Paul would do his best to fix them. Technology was always changing, and Paul, an educated man in his thirties, had to do his best to keep up with it. The front counter had a glass display stocked with cell phone covers, chargers, and accessories. The corner room behind the counter was used for repairs. It was also a handy break room. To the left of the counter were a couple of waiting chairs, some magazines, and a gum ball machine. Paul wasn’t sure how old the gum was, but he found himself digging for a quarter every now and then. “And this is my life now,” Paul said taking a final look around the shop before leaving. Saying those words had become a weekly routine.

He picked up his cell phone from its resting spot near the cash register. He read the display.

1 Missed Call

Paul worried at the thought of it being Julie, but then shrugged it off. “She’s just a kid,” he thought. The missed call was from his wife, Samantha, identified in his phone as “Wifey.” His thumb slid across its touch screen and redialed the number. Samantha answered.
“Hey, bout time you called me back,” she said.
“Sorry about that, it’s been a mad house. Fridays are no joke,” Paul said pacing around the store in a circle.
“Oh yeah? I bet,” Samantha said with a laugh.
“So what’s up? How’s the convention?” Paul asked.
“It’s good. We’ve been here all day. I’m a bit tired. Can’t wait to call it a day,” Samantha said. She held the phone tightly to her ear walking along the inside of the vast and bustling convention center. She turned from a nearby crowd and entered a hall to better hear Paul.

“I’m glad to hear that things are going well out there,” Paul said.
“It sounds like you have something on your mind,” Samantha said.
“No, not really. I mean you get a weekend in Denver, and I get, you know, a weekend here.”
“Oh, did you remember to pick up Julie?”
“I’m about to do that now,” Paul said grabbing his jacket.
“Better hurry, you don’t want to keep her waiting too long. She’ll never let you live I down.”
“That’s not funny, Sam, because that’s exactly what’s going to happen.”
“You guys just take it easy, and I’ll be back on Monday,” Samantha said. A co-worker signaled to her from in front of their expo booth. She straightened her company polo shirt and took a quick look at her Motorola employee badge that hung around her neck.
Paul held open the entrance door, ready to lock up. “I was just thinking earlier, you know, what we had talked about.” Paul paused. He didn’t hear anything on the other line. “You still there?” he asked.
“Sorry, I’m still here,” Samantha said, distracted. “They’re just calling me back to our booth.”
“I was just saying that I’ve been thinking about it, and if it’s something you want to do. If it’s something you’re ready for, then I’m ready for it too.”
A bright smile came to Samantha’s face. “Do you mean it?” she asked.
“Of course I mean it,” Paul said.
“I’m so glad to hear that. You have no idea how relieved I am.”
“I mean, it’s a big step. But you’re right, it’s now or never.”
A man at the Motorola booth waved Samantha over again. “Listen, honey, I’ve got to go.”
“That’s fine. I know you’re busy. Don’t worry about us this weekend, we’ll be fine.”
“Okay. Gotta go, love you.”
“Love you too,” Paul said.

Samantha hung up and strolled back to her expo booth. A small team of young men and women wearing Motorola shirts gathered around her. “Alright everyone,” she said. “We have an hour remaining. Let’s give it our best. Don’t forget about the contact information.” The team, all holding clipboards, nodded listened attentively. “So let’s do this and we can all grab a drink afterwards.” The team smiled. “You buying?” one of the men asked. “The first round, sure,” Samantha said. Her team dispersed in different directions in their quest to spread the benefits of Motorola’s latest technology. Samantha brushed her dark shoulder-length hair back behind her airs. She had recently got it cut, and wasn’t used to the short length. Her hair was a dark brown, nearly black. Her Japanese American features were alluring to the casual eye, and it was hard for some to place a specific ethnicity by her appearance alone. 

Paul once told her that she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. He insisted that the compliment wasn’t hyperbole, but scientific fact. Though he had only said it once, by their third or fourth date, it was evident through the times that she caught Paul staring at her in wonder. Even after their marriage. In Paul’s opinion, finding Samantha was the most absolute strike of dumb luck he had ever been rewarded with. And throughout the years, she had to admit that he constantly made her feel special. Now there was the notion of a second child; a thought both exalting and terrifying. She placed her hands over her stomach and rubbed the outer area of her shirt. “He’s okay with it,” she said with a breath of relief.

Paul locked the front door to the shop from the outside. He zipped his jacket up. Though sunny, it was a tad chilly out for September. The other neighboring shops we’re also closing for the day, as they generally did on a Friday afternoon. Opposite this, the local pubs were opening their doors. It was the time of day where they would set up tables and chairs on the patio areas outside, in anticipation of happy hour. The roads through town were moderately busy. Mostly people trying to get home. Paul’s four-door Volkswagen Passat was parked in a nearby lot designated for the local shops. Paul walked down the sidewalk feeling oddly content with the day, as if a good mood had momentarily passed through him. Maybe it was because it was the weekend. Of course, he would be working tomorrow, probably the busiest day of the week, but he could never feel bad about a Saturday, whether he was working or not. It was just a good day of the week.

For the past year, the old town had meant doom to him. He hated having to come back here. To live here. To raise a family here. But this weekend, he thought, all of those thoughts were going to go away. It could have had something to do with the interview he had earlier in the week with an out-of-state IT firm, or it could have had something to do with his and Samantha’s decision to have a child. Their first child. True, there was Julie, but she was Samantha’s daughter from her last relationship. Their next child would be his own, if everything worked out okay. He worried about the complications Julie had told him she had with Julie. 

From across the street, two men dressed in dark, three-piece suits sat on the front patio of a coffee shop sipping lattes. They looked glaringly out-of-state to any resident of Beech Creek. One of the men donned a silver goatee, sunglasses, and fedora hat. He watched Paul walk down the sidewalk to his car. He then signaled his associate, a built and stocky man, wearing a similar suit, minus the hat. “I think that’s our boy,” he said, nodding his head towards Paul’s direction. “Ready whenever you are,” the associate said back.
“Just remember, it’s a tightly-knit town. Everyone knows everyone around here.” With that, the two men sipped their lattes, set their cups down, and stood up. The goatee man tossed a few bucks on the table and they were off.

Paul pushed the button on his key to remotely unlock the driver’s side. He could hear the “click” of the automatic door locks. As he opened the door, he sensed someone standing behind him. He turned and was met by the goatee man and his large associate standing by.
Paul jumped. “Holy shit. Wow, you scared the crap out of me. Can I help you?” Paul asked, with a tinge of annoyance to his tone.
“Sorry there, friend, didn’t mean to startle you,” the man said with a smile. His eyes were concealed by the dark lenses of his sunglasses. “Maybe you can help us. Are you William Hoffman?”
Paul examined the two men carefully. Maybe they were friends of Bill’s. Maybe even family. They looked to Paul as if they were going to a funeral. Regardless, he didn’t like the air of shadiness they exuded. “Who wants to know?” he asked.
The goatee man offered Paul a handshake to which he mildly reciprocated. “Where are my manners?” the goatee man asked. “I’m Edwin, this is my partner, Greg.”
“What can I do for you gentlemen?” Paul asked.
“We’re looking for William Hoffman,” Edwin answered.
Paul rested his arm against the driver’s side door, ready to enter the car. “Bill Hoffman? That’s my Boss. He’s not here right now.”
Edwin looked at Paul surprised; though his eyes were carefully concealed. “And what’s your name, if you don’t mind me asking?” he asked. Paul looked back Greg, who stood behind Edwin not saying a word. “My name’s Paul. Now if you’ll both excuse me, I have to get going.”

“Where can we find your boss, Bill?”
“Did you try his house?” Paul asked, growing more anxious to leave the scene by the minute.
“Yes we did. The place looks about as vacant as the Bates Motel.”
Paul laughed slightly. “I haven’t seen Bill for a good month so there’s not much I can do to help.”
“He’s a hard man to find,” Edwin said as he held Paul’s door open, preventing him from shutting it. Paul felt his flight instincts kick in with the uncomfortable tension in the air. 
“I told you that I need to be going now.” Paul bypassed Edwin’s arms, entered the car, and slammed the door shut. Once inside he felt nervous and shook up. For a moment he didn’t even know how to start the car. 

“What the fuck?” Paul said to himself, feeling dazed. Edwin and Greg remained outside the car looking in. Edwin tapped on the driver’s side window. Paul lowered the window a crack after starting the car.
“It’s very important that we find your boss today,” Edwin said.
“What is this about?” Paul asked. He placed one hand on the steering wheel and clutched the gear shift in the middle console with his other hand.
“We’re old friends from out of town, dropping by for the weekend,” Edwin said.
“I would suggest trying his cell phone. I honestly have no idea where he is,” Paul said.
“How about a lucky guess?” Edwin asked.
“Best of luck to you gentlemen,” Paul answered with a quick nod in Edwin’s direction.

The window went up; Paul put the car in reverse, and backed out.
“Don’t let him leave,” Edwin said to Greg. Greg nodded and reached into his pocket. Suddenly, right outside the parking lot, a police car drove by, slowing down as it passed the parking lot. “Wait,” Edwin said. They took keen notice of the car. “Just follow me,” Edwin said. The two men walked away and moved ion the opposite direction. Paul felt relieved as they left. The confrontation had rattled him. He steered the Passat towards parking lot exit and onto the main road. 

“We need to follow that little prick,” Edwin said, looking back as they fled to a nearby alley. “He’s lying to us about something. I just know it. Remember, Mr. Bennett said to bring back the money or his head.”
“You think he was serious about the head part?” Greg asked.
“You ever heard the man tell a joke?” Edwin asked.
“No. I guess I haven’t.”
“Mr. Bennett is not the joking type. Trust me.”

Paul drove through downtown still shaken. He didn’t know where they came from, but he was sure that they weren’t locals. He looked at his phone. It was 4:10 p.m. Julie’s practice had ended at 3:30. He hoped that she wouldn’t be upset. He needed some calmness after the confrontation with the loan shark-looking duo. It was a miracle that she hadn’t called him yet. Normally she wouldn’t have let five minutes go by without reminding him. He didn’t want to start the entire weekend off on a bad note. It would be just the two of them, that is, if she didn’t go to a friend’s house or something. “Does she even have friends?” Paul thought. “Of course she does. What twelve-year old girl doesn’t have a couple of friends? Plus, she’s on the soccer team.” Paul picked up his phone to call her. This would at least soften the blow. The call went to voice mail. Paul hung up. “I tried,” he said. He neared Providence Street, only a few miles away from her middle school.

Traffic had thinned out and, for the most part, it was smooth sailing to the school. Paul glanced in his rear view mirror and noticed a dark blue Lincoln Town Car trailing him. It had been following him for miles. He hated when a car followed him for too long. It was just annoying. The way that he always first thought it was a cop. Or the way he didn’t know whether to slow down or speed up. He’d pull over to the side of the road and let them pass if he didn’t have to get to the school so quickly. As an experiment, Paul increased his speed from forty to fifty miles per hour. The car remained steadily on his tail. The Lincoln trailed him at such a distance as not to be obvious. It remained two or three car lengths behind. Paul slowed down, nearing the school zone. To his right was Discovery Cove Middle School, an unfenced area of one-story brick buildings. 

From the main gate, Julie usually met him at a nearby curb where there was a shaded bench area. It was nice because Paul didn’t even have to enter the school to get her. Today was no exception. Paul saw her seated on the bench, in her soccer uniform, clutching a burgundy-colored book bag. She was talking to three other girls. “Maybe she’s making plans for a sleepover at their house,” Paul thought. “I could really use the house to myself this weekend.”

Paul pulled to the curb. The Lincoln slowly passed as Paul felt vindicated. He tried to get a better look into the car, but couldn’t make anything out beyond the dark tint. Julie opened the door and jumped in the passenger’s seat. She slammed the door shut as if upset. Paul prepared to apologize for his lateness, but Julie beat him to the punch. His tardiness, apparently, was the last thing on her mind.

“Turn on the radio, now,” she said.
Paul was taken by surprise. “Huh? Why?”
Julie ignored him and turned the radio on herself. She flipped through several channels to a reporter’s voice discussing a terrorist attack.
Paul pulled back onto the road, trying to pay attention to what the reporter was saying.
“Multiple casualties…massive injuries…the worst terrorist attack since September 11, 2001.”
“What happened?” he asked Julie.
“Terrorists blew up Wall Street,” Julie said. “It just happened like thirty minutes ago.”

Chapter Three

A Distant Blast

“How do they know it was terrorists?” Paul asked.
“I don’t know, Paul. Bombs don’t blow themselves up do they?” Julie replied.
“I know that. What exactly did you hear? And why haven’t you been answering your phone?”
Julie rolled her eyes. “My phone is dead. I forgot to plug it in last night and that’s that. But when I was waiting for you, for like the past ten hours, one of the girls showed me some updates on her phone.” She glanced to the console below the stereo panel where Paul’s phone sat. “Let me see yours,” she said, grabbing it. 
Hey,” Paul said. “Easy there.”
“Just listen to the radio,” Julie said waving him off.

Paul turned the dial up on the radio. “This is ABC News to bring you an update on the Wall Street Bombing. Officials have now reported that at approximately 3:30 p.m. a premeditated blast occurred on the busy floor of the New York Stock Exchange, thirty minutes prior to the closing bell. Dozens of first responders stormed the scene and did their best to contain and minimize the damage. At this point, there are twenty people confirmed dead and over seventy-five injured. The Stock Exchange has been sealed off from the public and police have blocked the area within a five mile radius. It’s safe to say at this point that Wall Street has been shut down. The news of this puts the financial world and the nation’s economy in deep uncertainty. Officials are instructing residents to stay away from the area until further notice.”

“Absolutely insane,” Paul said. Julie was busy navigating Paul’s phone, trying to find some more information. Paul looked ahead then glanced into his rear view mirror. There was a familiar-looking car trailing them. The sight was unreal; however, there was no denying what was there. The blue Lincoln was back.
“You see that car?” he said to Julie, as if confiding in her.
“Huh?” Julie asked as she scrolled through different apps on his phone.
“Look behind us,” Paul said. Annoyed, Julie looked out the rear of the car.
“Don’t let them see you,” Paul said quickly. “Just look in your side mirror.”
Julie turned back around and sighed. “What’s your problem? Who cares?”
“Just don’t make it too obvious, okay?”
“Who would want to follow you anyway?” Julie asked. “You’re like the most boring guy on the planet.”
“And that’s exactly how I like it,” Paul said.

Julie ignored him and put her attention back to the phone. At the intersection ahead, the light went from yellow to red. Paul looked around, noticeably distracted by the car idling behind him. He stared into the rearview mirror and tried to identify the passengers. There were two men that looked similar to the ones who had confronted him in the parking lot. “Son of a bitch,” Paul said.

Julie looked to Paul and shook her head. Her thumbs moved a mile-a-minute across the phone’s touch screen. “Yep, definitely a terrorist attack. That’s what they’re saying now,” she said. Paul was noticeably distracted. The light turned green. Julie’s attention was on the phone in the middle of a texting fury with some friends. A light honk from the Lincoln caused her to look up. “Hey, the light’s green,” she said.

Paul jumped out of his daze. He hit the gas pedal and they raced through the intersection as the Lincoln followed.
“We need to stop at the store,” Julie said. “Why?” Paul asked. His feelings about stopping were mixed. If they were being followed, this would bring direct confrontation. But they might also be safer given the large Friday afternoon crowd. Another news update came on the radio. Paul turned the volume knob louder.

“The President is expected to address the Wall Street bombing within the next hour. Officials are scrambling for details on who may have been responsible for the attack, as no terrorist groups have claimed responsibility. The Wall Street Bombing occurred around 3:30 p.m. this afternoon. Thirty are now reported dead and over seventy-five injured. The Department of Homeland Security has indefinitely elevated the threat level in the United States through The National Terrorism Advisory System. This could mean several changes to flight travel, border security, street routes, and bridges within major cities. New York City public officials are asking for cooperation and vigilance from its residents during this tragic and trying time.”

Paul’s phone vibrated in Julie’s hands. “You just got a terror alert,” Julie said.
“Took them long enough,” Paul answered. His mind was everywhere. He tried to make sense of the radio reports, but couldn’t shake the thought of car following him. He felt violated, nearing contempt. Who the hell were those two men to be following him about town? It was time to give them a piece of his mind. And if they persisted, Paul would drive straight to the police station.
“Don’t forget to turn at the light,” Julie said, pointing ahead. On the right was True Save, Beech Creek’s version of Walmart, a large twenty-four hour retail store. “I think we should just go home. This attack is a very serious thing. People are dead. We should call your mom and check on her,” Paul said.
“That’s exactly why we need stuff,” Samantha said. “There’s nothing to eat at the house. Nothing. Are we going to starve to death now?”

“We can order pizza,” Paul answered.
“We’re going to need more than that. I also need to get some school supplies for a project this weekend.”
“You must have been quite an allowance savings built up,” Paul said.
“Give me a break,” Julie scoffed. “Since when do I have to pay for groceries?”
They neared the right turn lane at the light. Paul glanced back to his rear view mirror.
“If you don’t stop at the store, I’m going not going to get the supplies I need. Then I’ll get an F, and then you’ll have to explain to my mom how you’re to blame for me getting an F.”
Without comment, and at the last possible moment, Paul jerked the car to the right. Julie swung to the side of the door. “Hey,” she said. “What’s your problem?”

Paul’s plan worked. The Lincoln hadn’t been able to turn in time, and continued down the road. “Ha!” Paul cheered. “I lost them.” Julie took one look at Paul. “You’re weird,” she said. Paul turned into the crowded parking lot. Arrows on the pavement indicated the one-way direction through the busiest areas. The only spaces available were at the far end of the lot. As they came to a stop in a line of traffic, Paul glanced at his fuel gauge. It was near empty.
“Crap,” he said. “Remind me to get gas on the way home.”
“Okay,” Julie responded as she scanned for somewhere to park.
Paul arrived to the end of the row, unsure of where to turn. “Here’s what I’m going to do, I’ll drop you off at front and meet you inside,” he said.

“Alright,” Julie said. “Can I have some money?”
Paul raised an eyebrow of disapproval. “Are you serious?”
Julie remained straight-faced. “Well, yeah. I could be done shopping by the time you find a spot around here,” she said.
“You can wait until I meet you in the store,” Paul said.
“Whatever,” Julie said opening the car door. She stepped out and slammed the door shut. Paul looked to his left and saw a few empty spaces at three rows down. He turned the stereo volume up and listened closely. 
“And now we take you to our Washington correspondent as the President prepares to address the American people. Yes, Sharon, it’s a solemn atmosphere in the press briefing room, myself and several fellow journalists are still recoiling from the tremendous shock and sadness of the Wall Street Bombing. We’re told that the President is going to speak any minute now.”
Paul turned down the third parking aisle past families, baby strollers, and a bagger pushing a long line of grocery carts. He drove to a space down at the end and parked. He sat and the car waiting for the President’s comments. In the meantime, reporters repeated details on the attack and its devastating toll.

Paul searched around the car for his cell phone. His hands moved across the center console and the seats. He found his cell phone on the floor where Julie had been sitting. “Call Sam,” Paul said into the phone. He turned the phone to speaker and waited as the Sam’s number rang. It went to voicemail after a few rings. 
“Hi, this is Samantha, I can’t come to the phone right now, but if you please leave a message, I will respond as soon as possible. Thank you.” 
Paul held the phone closer to his mouth as an automated voice took over. “If you would like to leave a message, press one or wait for the tone.” The tone of the beep soon followed. 

“Sam, hi. It’s me babe. Look, call me as soon as you can. I just want to make sure that you’re alright and that everything is okay. If you haven’t heard the news yet, there was a terrorist attack in New York City, but I want you to know that Julie and I are safe and sound and will be heading home soon…”
Paul looked across the parking and became silent upon seeing the blue Lincoln once again. It was only a few rows down, roaming each aisle like a lumbering shark. Paul nearly forgot that he was in the middle of leaving a message. “I’m sorry, just got a little distracted. Call me as soon as you can, love you.” Paul put the phone down as his eyes followed the Lincoln in the rear view mirror. He was certain that it was the two men from before, they were stalking him. His mind raced with options. Should he get out of the car? Could he get out of the car? Should the police be called? Was he prepared to defend himself? The options were simply too many to consider on a Friday afternoon.

Julie carried a basket in her arm, trotting down the snack aisle with her soccer cleats. She tossed a box of cookies into her basket, followed by a couple packs of chewing gum. She weaved between women pushing carts and families walking in packs. The store was brightly lit and bustling with business. At the end of each aisle was a large monitor screen that usually played product ads all day. However, this time it was different. There was a man on the screen standing at a podium addressing the camera. Julie recognized him as President Howard. He was a middle-aged man with graying hair and a tall, slender build. He appeared confident, but visibly shaken. 

Julie breezed past the school supply aisle in search of something more. She stopped at the makeup aisle, looked around and then walked down the tile floor towards the cosmetics, stocked with all the products that her mother would never let her have. Paul didn’t know any better though. If she didn’t get too greedy she could get away with sneaking a compact, some lipstick, and maybe even some nail polish into the mix. It was the perfect plan. She grabbed each product, the very ones she had been eying the past month, and placed them in the shopping basket. 

Though she enjoyed soccer, and had a reputation as a toughie, she yearned for something more. She wanted to look older. She wanted to look like the some of the other girls in school. If she was going to make it in what she considered this “weird town,” some things were going to have to change, whether her mom liked it or not. She fled the cosmetic aisle and went to school supplies, tossing a small bottle of glue into the basket. Next up would be the cereal aisle. However, her path was blocked by several people watching the overhead monitors where the President was delivering his address. Julie glanced up to see what all the commotion was about. His voice echoed throughout the otherwise silent store.

“And I just want to be clear when I say that this attack, though believed by investigators to have been a meticulously planned and executed attack, was indeed an isolated incident. Now that doesn’t mean it wasn’t the work of a terrorist organization. But my administration and the various military, law enforcement, and intelligence agencies have taken all precautions necessary to prevent any further attacks from happening that may be linked to this tragic bombing. And we’re working hard to find the perpetrators and bring them to swift and immediate justice.”

Paul sat in the car, still wrestling with his options. The President continued to speak over the car radio.

“I want to say to the families of the victims that the thoughts and prayers of the American people are with you, now and always. I won’t rest, I literally will not sleep, until we apprehend the subjects of this heinous act and bring them to justice. And I say to the American people that we shall remain strong and resolute in these times. There’s nothing we have faced which can destroy our republic. Together we will remain vigilant to those who wish to harm our financial sector, our citizens, and our way of life. We will bring resolve, justice, peace—”

The radio then went silent. Paul fiddled with the knobs to make sure that it was still on. He flipped through the stations and discovered nothing but static. A high-pitched hum followed. From one radio station to the next, it was all the same. It was the kind high-pitched tone they used to play during the old emergency broadcast tests. Paul switched off the radio shaking his head. 

Brightness glimmered out of the corner of his eye. Paul looked to the side, outside the driver’s side window. There in the vast distance was a smoke cloud shaped unlike anything he had ever seen. A mushroom cloud, distinctive and broad, flourished in the sky in an exquisite and surreal motion. The sky surrounding it was a deep orange hue. The cloud expanded from its base then slowly transpired into the air. A large ominous ring expanded over the cloud, as if rising to the heavens. “What the fuck is that?” Paul said slowly in his distracted awe. He grabbed his cell phone instinctively, and turned the car ignition off. His cell phone vibrated with a text message.

Unidentified Blast: Take Cover Immediately

That all but confirmed it. The mushroom cloud in the distance was as real as the interior floor below his feet. Paul’s mind raced with questions. Could this be it? Could this really be happening in America? What about Samantha? Was he losing his mind?

It was time to get Julie. That much Paul knew. Though he couldn’t take his eyes off the thunderous and dissipating cloud in the distance. His phone vibrated again with the same message. Then another. He felt sick inside. But there was Julie. Crowds formed outside the store watching the sky in awe. No matter, he had to go get Julie. He placed his hand on the door latch ready to charge the store like some soldier on the front lines of battle. But one look into the rear view mirror and Paul noticed a car blocking him from the rear. The blue Lincoln had found him again.

Chapter 4

The Hornet’s Nest

The store went dark. At first, Julie thought it would pass. The lights flickered, went out, and came back on. Now they were out for good. But the lights weren’t the only thing out. The television monitors were blank. The freezers were no longer running. The light music on the overhead intercoms ceased. Julie passed long lines at each cash register. Perplexed customers and cashiers alike looked around the store in confusion, standing at check-out lines no longer operating, and under lights no longer working. One woman handed the cashier some money, placed her goods in her cart and pushed onward. Others weren’t so lucky.

Everyone in line looked at their phones. The emergency alert message had been dispersed, vague as it was. “Unidentified blast?” A man asked. “What the hell does that mean?” No one seemed to be taking the alert too seriously. For all they could see, the power was out. However, the message did succeed at making them more unruly. People pushed their way to the front of the store, with goods they hadn’t paid for yet.

A store manager came out to the floor and addressed the confusion. He was bald with a dark ring of hair around his head. His shoes clicked rapidly against the tile floor with each hurried step. “Everyone, if I could have your attention please,” he announced as he stopped. His voice wasn’t quite loud enough for the crowd, but he continued. “Due to an unexpected power outage, our system is currently down, along with the power, so we have no choice but to close our doors. What we need everyone to do is to exit the store in an orderly manner.” 

Murmurs of disapproval traveled through the crowd. The lack of response from the customers provided an indifferent vibe in the air. “Just calm down, please. For those of you who have already paid for your goods, please take them and leave. For those of you who have not, we sincerely apologize, but you’ll have to leave the items here, and exit the store.” The store manager signaled two security guards to him in an apparent show of force. No one listened or moved. They just looked at each other waiting for someone to do something. It would seem that the manager’s announcement had fallen on deaf ears. People looked at their shopping carts with a sense of entitlement, whether they had actually paid for them or not. Most of them had just gotten out of work, drove through traffic, fought crowds through the store and got what they needed. Now they had been told to leave their goods behind and leave the store. For most of them, it was an insane suggestion.

“What happened to the power?” A man asked from register five. “Sir,” the manager said, “I don’t know. Our phone lines are down as well. We cannot conduct business under these circumstances. I’m very sorry for the inconvenience.” The security guards paced the area waving the people towards the exits. Julie observed each check-out line. The long lines were discouraging. Talks of another attack filled the air. Everyone by now had heard about the Wall Street bombing. The latest theory was that New York was under attack again. Or some other major city. Certainly not Beech Creek, Pennsylvania though. Who would possibly want to attack them?

More customers filtered from the back of the store to the front. Some of them wandered with no real certainty. The last to move to the front of the store was a group of twenty-something thuggish-looking slackers. Though they were separated, their placement was strategic. In all, their numbers equaled twenty. The group had planned the ambush for the past week. They were going to position themselves throughout the store on a busy Friday afternoon, and strike. They communicated with each other by text message. Once in position, they had planned to wait for the leader of the group to text them. Then they would spring into action. It was a growing trend throughout the country. The purpose of the game was to loot, rampage, rob, and disappear. Nothing of this magnitude had ever happened in Beech Creek, which inspired the gang of rowdy, bored, and unemployed men to mimic to cruel game for their own amusement. 

Julie got a look at one man peering from behind the detergent aisle. He was a skinny unshaven man in his twenties. He wore baggy clothes, a red bandanna around his head, covered a backwards cap. He quickly slipped behind a display case. She sensed a growing suspicion of their presence. Why were they hiding? Why did they keep looking and signaling at each other? She noticed more of others of similar age and demeanor creeping about. Everyone’s attention was on the commotion at the front of the store. But Julie’s instincts told her that something wasn’t right. She clutched her basket of items and looked to the front exit. Would anyone really care if she took the stuff?

Now that he was blocked in by Edwin and Greg, Paul hesitated to get out of his car. Nothing close to this type of harassment had ever happened to him before, so he wasn’t sure exactly how to react. He watched as other people in the parking lot were transfixed on the mushroom cloud in the sky. Paul felt a low rumble that shook him to the core. His first thought was of the 1950s and the Cold War era. He wondered if perhaps the government was testing a bomb. Or if they even did stuff like that anymore. It’s not like they were anywhere close to Nevada or some other mythical nuclear test site. Maybe it was an accident. Other people, a little more proactive, ran to their cars, and fled the parking lot. In little time the lot became congested and chaotic with only two exits. Some found their way out by driving over sidewalks and medians. The parking lot became a sinking ship everyone was trying to escape. Paul, on the other hand, had his mind on other matters.

Edwin exited the passenger side of the blue Lincoln and approached Paul’s side. Outright stalking and harassment was a new experience for Paul, and he wasn’t sure how to react. His first emotion was panic and anxiety. Once that subsided—and it had—he was angry. Edwin strolled confidently to Paul’s window. He rotated one finger around in a circular motion, signaling Paul to roll down his window. Paul started the car and moved his window down a crack. Before Ed could say a word, Paul jumped in.
“Why in the hell are you following me? Is this some sort of sick joke?”
Edwin paused and crossed his arms not saying a word. Paul continued. “I want you to leave me alone right now. Right this fucking instant. I don’t care what you have to say. I don’t care what you want with Bill. Just leave me alone.” Paul felt his anger subsiding. He felt better now, though Edwin wasn’t intimidated.

Edwin casually swayed his jacket, displaying a 9mm Beretta attached to his left hip by a side-holster. He spoke calmly and assuredly.
“I’m not going to bore you with who we are, who we work for, and what we’re looking for. I’m just going to say very simply that I’d have no qualms whatsoever about putting a bullet in your head right now. It wouldn’t bother me in the slightest. So before you start flexing your muscles, you think about that.”

The sight of the pistol frightened Paul, especially when he thought of Julie. Edwin then provided explicit instructions. “Now you listen carefully. Turn your car off, get out, and give me the keys. Walk over to our car and get into the front passenger seat. We’re all going to go somewhere and have a little talk. You tell me what I need to know, we’ll have you back to your car before dinner time.”
“I have a daughter in there—”
“You want to protect her then you get into car, simple enough.”
Paul looked around the inside of his car. He looked around the parking lot. He looked everywhere for answers or assistance. For the moment, he had a slight advantage over Edwin within the secure confines of his car. The presence of so many people around in broad daylight gave Paul the assurance of safety. The mushroom cloud was fading behind Edwin as Paul continued.
“Going with you would be a waste of time for both of us. I can tell you that there is no information I have on Bill, other than his phone number and home address. You know, his wife is very sick. They could be at a cancer treatment or something, he could be anywhere.”

“We’re well aware of his wife’s condition,” Edwin said. “I think if we just sit down and have a talk, something will trigger your memory. A recollection of details you’re not thinking of now. Memory triggers can be very scientific sometimes.”

Paul grew angered as Edwin persisted. “Look. I’m guessing Bill owes you money or something? Okay, well I’m not Bill. Why don’t you turn around? Just real quick, turn around.”
Edwin stood motionless. Paul continued. “Do you see that? Look? It’s a mushroom cloud. Have you ever seen anything like that in your life? I mean actually in the sky in front of you, not in some movie?”
Edwin casually turned his head and looked to the sky behind him. The visual spectacle gained his attention, at least momentarily.

“Do you think that maybe there are some things going on right now a little more important than Bill and the money he owes you?” Paul asked.
Edwin looked back to Paul. “Seen plenty of clouds in my day. Looks like thunderstorm.”
Paul shook his head in disbelief. “A thunderstorm? Are you out of your mind? See the people running to their cars? Look at this parking lot, it’s mass pandemonium.”
Edwin moved his hand towards the pistol underneath his suit coat. “I guess we should go somewhere safe then.”
Paul held up his cell phone. “I’m calling the police.”
Ed pulled his pistol from its holster and held it to the window. “Put the phone down and get out of the car.”
Paul froze and glanced in the rear view mirror. The blue Lincoln was still idling behind him, with Greg patiently waiting at the wheel. “Just take it easy,” Paul said holding his arms up. “Don’t do anything sudden or rash.”
“I don’t plan to as long as you cooperate,” Edwin said.

Paul opened the door and stepped out the car, still holding his cell phone. “Lose the phone,” Edwin said. “I need to be able to talk to my daughter,” Paul said. “She—” Before he could finish, Edwin swiped Paul’s phone from his hand. Paul looked at Edwin surprised. He had never witnessed such brazen hostility before. Paul looked at the inside of the Lincoln. A chilling feeling told him that if he were to get in the car, he would never come back. He felt resistance like when two magnets of the same side push each other way. There were still plenty of people around, but that wouldn’t be the case if he got in the car. Paul searched his mind for stall tactics. 

“Let me ask you one thing before we go,” Paul said.
“What is it?”
“Where do you guys buy your suits?” Paul asked.
Edwin laughed. “No place from around here, I can assure you.”
“Maybe a more casual look next time. Something less conspicuous,” Paul said.
“Thanks for the fashion tip,” Edwin said, opening the passenger side door. “Now get in the front.”
“I mean, if I were going to dress up like a mobster,”
Edwin held the gun to Paul’s chest. “Shut your mouth and get in.”

Edwin observed the hurried frenzy of people trying to leave. Suddenly a car honked at them. A line of cars had formed behind them the blue Lincoln. Cars in the other direction filled the opposite lane, preventing anyone from passing. Edwin was momentarily distracted by the commotion and irritated by incessant blaring of several car horns. “Get in,” he demanded, tucking the Beretta out of sight. He further threatened Paul, but an especially loud car horn covered his words. Paul turned and saw a middle-aged man at the wheel of a Ford Explorer SUV behind them. A woman of similar age was in the passenger seat. Her hand was on the man’s shoulder trying to calm him. In the back were two boys, both blond, presumably their sons. Edwin pushed Paul towards the inside of the car. His other hand firmly gripped the pistol. Paul grabbed the roof of the Lincoln and latched on to it in resistance. 

The driver of the SUV stuck his head out the window. “Hey, move it already, will ya’?” he said. Edwin sauntered his glare towards the angry man. He held up his hand in a gesture that suggested the man be patient. Edwin was distracted between Paul and the man behind them. He got within inches of Paul’s face. “GET IN or I’ll shoot you right here and leave you for dead,” he said with his teeth clenched. His breath smelled like coffee, spittle from his mouth flew onto Paul.

It was now or never. Paul looked back to the man in the SUV. The man took off his seat belt and tossed it behind his shoulder. His wife’s hand gripped his shoulder as if trying to keep him in the vehicle. Paul felt Edwin’s pistol against his ribs. To the casual observer, Edwin and Paul were so close to each other that they looked like lovers about to embrace. The man held down the horn again without any regard. He paused for a moment and stuck his head out the window again. “Get a room or get the fuck out of my way!” he shouted. The light pink complexion of his face had turned a glaring red. Edwin’s pistol jabbed Paul’s side, but Paul continued to resist. Greg grew increasingly frustrated. “Just get him in the car already,” he said to Edwin. “Shut the hell up. Be ready to drive,” Edwin snapped back. The man’s horn sounded again. 

Greg caressed the temples of his forehead then swung open his car door and stepped out. “Hey, go fuck yourself,” he shouted to the man while giving him the finger. The man released his horn and stormed out of the vehicle in an instant. Edwin gave Paul a quick sucker-punched in the gut, causing him to hunch over with intense pain. It felt like his insides had collapsed. Edwin pushed him into the front seat and slammed the door shut. The man approached Greg with his meaty fists balled. His wife screamed for him to get back in the car. 

“You got something to say to me?” he asked Greg with heated breathe against his face. “I told you to go fuck yourself,” Greg replied. The man was slightly shorter, but stocky and well built. Beads of sweat dripped down from his fresh crew cut. He pushed Greg, taking him off balance and causing him to fall against the side of the Lincoln. Greg quickly recovered and pushed the man back. Edwin vaulted over to the skirmish and separated Greg away from the man. “Get your dumbass back in the car,” he demanded. Greg was about to charge back, but instead regained his composure. “I’m sorry,” he said as he opened the car door. “What the hell is wrong with you?” Edwin asked. Greg looked at the ground, somewhat ashamed and climbed back inside.  
“Just move your fucking car,” the man said as if trying to get the last word. Edwin rubbed forehead and turned to the man. 
“Take a hike, okay?” 
“Excuse me?” the man asked. 
Edwin looked up and laughed. “Does everyone around here suffer from some type of mental deficiency? Don’t worry about it. Just get back in your car.”

Paul sat up from his seat, holding his stomach. He looked back to observe the commotion behind them. He saw his cell phone lying on the pavement next to Edwin. Greg was distracted as well, but he didn’t dare get out of the car. For him, Edwin had a reputation. He didn’t work very well with others. However, their employer, Mr. Bennett, insisted that it was a two-man job. Paul glided his hand to the latch on the car door and pulled on it slowly. The door creaked open. Greg didn’t take notice. His eyes were plastered to the rear view mirror, watching Edwin and the man. He couldn’t hear what they were saying, but he placed a hand on his pistol just in case. 

“You think you can come here with your out-of-town plates and push us around? You’re nothing but the usual Jersey trash.”
“Aw. You’re hurting my feelings,” Edwin said sarcastically as he opened the side door to the Lincoln. The man then spit on their car, nearly hitting Edwin. Edwin stopped and held his forehead trying to resist his creeping tendencies towards violence. 
“Trash,” the man repeated. Edwin couldn’t resist. He exited the car and walked towards the man. “You’re lucky I don’t kill you and your entire family right here and now,” he said. 

Without response, the man punched Edwin squarely in his face. The blow caused Edwin to drop Paul’s phone as he stumbled backwards. The cell phone struck the hard pavement. His fedora floated in the air and landed on the ground. Edwin felt his face while blood dripped from his nose. Every conceivable line Edwin could remember had just been crossed. “There’s plenty more where that came from,” the man said with his fist raised in the air like a boxer.

Edwin exposed his Beretta and fired three quick, successive shots into the man. The gun blasts were deafening to both Paul and Greg. Paul quickly jumped out of the car and on the side of a nearby parked Cadillac, heavily disoriented. People on foot from dispersed immediately, running in all direction. Driver’s ducked under their steering wheel. The woman in the SUV let out a high-pitched screamed. The man collapsed to the ground on his back. Greg jumped of the car. Scratching his head, he looked at Edwin. “Why did you do that?” he asked. Edwin didn’t answer. He stared down at the man and watched him convulse. As he gasped for air, the man spit up so much blood that it was causing him to choke. He soon stopped breathing. Then his pupils dilated and he was dead. Edwin’s nose sniffled from the blood flow. He looked to the SUV with the smoking Beretta still in hand. The woman ducked down and was out of sight. All he could here were her cries and screams. She told her boys to take cover as well. Edwin walked towards the SUV. The woman’s screams grew louder as he approached. Everything else was quite. The horns from the other cars had ceased. Greg ran after Edwin and grabbed him. “Let’s go!” Greg said. Edwin stopped. Greg handed him his hat. 
“We need to get out of here before anyone else makes us,” he said. “Where’s our man?” Edwin asked. 
“He should be in the car still,” Greg said.

They both looked to the Lincoln and noticed the passenger door hanging open. Edwin clutched Greg by his collar and pulled him closer. “You let him get away. Do you have any idea what you’ve done?”
Greg had never seen Edwin so angry. Veins bulged from his forehead. His sunglasses were crooked and cracked. Greg removed his hands from Edwin’s arms and held them up. “I’m sorry, I wasn’t thinking,” he said. He didn’t know if Edwin was going to shoot him or not. Edwin loosened his grip on Greg’s collar enough to notice several curious people watching them from afar. Edwin pushed Greg away. “Let’s go,” he said. “Get in the car.”
Greg nodded and stumbled back to the car. Edwin ran to the passenger side and searched briefly for any signs of Paul. He placed the Beretta in its holster, jumped into the car and slammed the door. The Lincoln roared down the parking lot, nearly striking a group of teenager who were in the way. 

Paul crept out from the side of another nearby vehicle. The woman fell out of her SUV and ran over to the man on the ground. “Help us!” she screamed. Paul walked over to them. “I’ll-I’ll call the police,” he said, kneeling down to retrieve his cell phone. The Lincoln tore out of the parking lot, screeching. It vanished in no time. Paul dialed the police. The line was busy. “Busy?” Paul thought. “No, no, this isn’t right.” He dialed again. He was met with another busy tone. 

Suddenly he heard the faint sound of vehicle sirens. It could’ve been an ambulance, the police, or the fire department. “They’re probably just a little overburdened right now,” Paul said to the woman. “He’s dead!” she cried. “No. This can’t be happening. No. Jim come back. Please come back. Her hysterical outpour was heart wrenching for Paul. She held the dead man in arms and rocked him back and forth, crying uncontrollably. His lifeless eyes followed Paul. “I’m sorry,” he said. The two young boys exited the SUV and approached their mother. “Don’t come any closer,” she yelled. “Go back to the car.” They stopped in their tracks with uncertain looks. The youngest of the two boys started sobbing. 

“I…” Paul began. The mother glared at Paul with bulging hurt and anger beneath her tear-soaked eyes. “You,” she said. Paul backed away sensing the woman’s contempt. The sirens were getting closer. “It’s your fault,” she said. “It’s all your fault.” Cars slowly passed them as men, women, and children alike stared out their windows like watching a traffic accident. A Mustang stopped beside them and two young men leapt out to assist. “You need any help?” one of them asked the woman. She said nothing. Her state of shock was too great. 

“That man,” Paul said, “the one who shot your husband. He was trying to kill me too.” The woman looked up into the sky and screamed at the top of her lungs. Her cries startled the two young men and they looked at Paul suspiciously. More people began to approach the scene. The emergency vehicles were close. There were fire trucks, police cars, and ambulances rapidly approaching, right down the street. But as they neared the parking lot, rather than stopping, they passed the entrance without so much as a notice. Then they were gone. Their sirens become distant again.  

Chapter 5

Riot Coming

Julie paced check-out line trying to decide what to do. Many frustrated people had already left. Some lines thinned out momentarily, but filled back up. Many people decided that they would “wait” until the power came back on. “It’s got to be temporary,” one particularly perky woman told another. Julie had cash, despite what she had told Paul, but couldn’t decide if anything she had was worth the lines. She grew uncomfortable with the presence of shady looking men hiding wandering the aisles as if they were walking in circles. 

As the crowd received mass emergency text alerts, a heightened sense of panic came over them. But there was no information beyond that. People attempted to make calls, but couldn’t get through to anyone. The Internet on the phones wasn’t working either. The only thing that seemed to be working, intermittently, was text messaging. This was strange, but nonetheless comforting. Every person in the store, young and old, was heavily in their own text-frenzy world. They peered down at their screens, typing frantically. From several concealed positions, the flash mob was typing as well through mass text. They got the word from their leader. It was time to spring into action.


The two store security guards had their hands full. They moved from register to register trying to usher the customers outside the store. “If you cannot purchase your goods by cash, please leave the store,” one mustached guard repeated to virtually no response. “People, people, you have to leave the store,” the other one said. Julie looked at the exit. She thought of slipping out the doors with everything. Would anyone care? She then heard an alert siren rising and falling from outside. It sounded like something out of an old movie. Its repetitive rhythmic sent chills down her spine. At that moment, a large, sweaty man ran into the store, pushing a group of people out of the way. “We’re under attack!” he yelled. “It’s World War Three out there!” People were more annoyed by his loud, boisterous behavior than anything else. Julie heard another man call the man a “raving lunatic” under his breath. His outburst had silenced most of the people in the store. He had their attention. In response, the mustached security guards pushed him out of the store. “We have to find cover! Take cover!” It was the last Julie heard of the man before he was pushed outside.

After the man was ejected from the store, people started talking again. Julie listened closely as she heard a weird kind of battle cry from the back of the store, followed by loud crashes; then confounding shouts of pandemonium. As planned, the flash mob pushed their way to the front of the store, terrorizing anyone in their path. They pushed, pulled, and grabbed, their way through unsuspecting customers. Julie saw at least three of them storm the aisles nearby and then rush towards her. She dropped her basket and ran away to a corner aisle. 

There was such a sense of disorder that the regular customers didn’t know what to do. Several of them stood and the chaos unfold thinking that it had nothing to do with them. It looked like there was a fight. Or several fights. The two overburdened security guards ran towards the vandalism to put a stop it. They were immediately overwhelmed. Gasps and shouts from swarmed customers filled the store with terror. No one knew what was happening. The young vandals randomly grabbed purses, wallets, electronics, and other goods. They pushed people to the ground and punched their heads. The store manager ran out of his office trying to find out what was going on. He looked at the damage the looters had caused and their sizable numbers then ran back into his office and locked the door.

Others abandoned their shopping carts, grabbed their children, and fled the store. The fear of the customers emboldened the mob even more. They showed no mercy on any remaining customers. “Sucker punch that dude,” the leader, Remy, yelled to three of his compatriots. He was referring to an elderly man, who was too frail to make it out of the store in time. One of the men quickly socked the back of the old man’s head, dropping him to the ground like a rag doll. The rest of them laughed. Others went for the electronics department of the store. They smashed glass displays, grabbed jewelry, and inflicted as much damage on the store as possible. They were on a four minute time limit. “Two minutes,” Remy shouted. Everyone took notice and made their way to the front of the store. A fire had started in the back of the store, though no one knew exactly how. Some members of Remy’s group had started it by making a pile of goods in one of the aisles and lighting it on fire. It was spread down the grocery aisle quickly. 

The rampage seemed to have no end, even in its brief last minutes. The two security guards, who had earlier tried to stop them, were laying face-down in the middle of aisle five, bloodied and beaten. The store was deserted as nearly everyone had fled. Julie faced no suck prospects. She hid on the bottom shelf of the pet aisle behind several bags of dog food. She watched as one disoriented customers, a jumpy middle-aged man, pulled a small revolver from his back pocket and walked by. “Stop right there,” he shouted to one of the looters. The man turned around and held his arms in the air. “Don’t shoot, dude,” he said. 

Another looter snuck up from behind the man and hit him on the head with an aluminum baseball bat that he got from the sporting goods section. They laughed as he fell to the ground. His revolver coasted across the floor, into the hands of one of the looters. He aimed it at a woman running by. She covered her face and screamed. Remy, peering beyond his long black hair that fell from under a bandana, smiled. “One minute left,” Remy announced holding one finger in the air. The flames in the back of the store were growing higher, producing a thick blanket of smoke.  

Julie looked to the middle of the aisle and noticed a cell phone. It had fallen from the man’s back pocket. His unconscious body lied nearby.  To Julie, it looked just like her cell phone. She crept out from behind bags of dog food and looked down both sides of the aisle. It felt very hot. The potent smell of smoke and fire stung her nose. She had to get out of there. She ran and retrieved the cell phone on the ground.  It was the very same Samsung model as hers. She reached in her the pocket of her soccer shorts and pulled out her phone. She yanked the back of the man’s phone open and took out its battery. Doing so hurt her fingers, but she continued. She turned on her phone just as black smoke was barreling over the aisle, making it hard to breathe. 

Paul approached the store entrance and was met with a flood of people running out. He searched the crowd for Julie, but couldn’t find her. “Julie!” he yelled. The emergency alert sirens were unending. Paul didn’t even know that the town had them in the first place. He had nearly forgotten about Edwin shooting of the innocent man in cold blood. How somehow, maybe the wife was right. Maybe it was his fault. In trying to rescue Julie he had now pushed the incident as far from his mind as possible. A crowd had formed around the dead man and his wife. But Paul could think about it no more. His gut told him that it was stupid to be walking into the store. There may have been terrorists in there. As Paul struggled with his decision, people pushed past him with little regard. His cell phone vibrated in his pocket. He pulled the phone out and read the screen. It was a message from Julie.

Julie: I’m trapped in the store. There’s a fire. People are looting

Paul backed against the outside wall to the store. He rapidly pressed the touch screen in response.

Paul: Where in the store are you? Any police in there?

Julie: No. Most people left. The security guys were beat up.

Paul: Can you get out of the store?

Julie: I just said I’m trapped.

Paul: How many in there?
Julie: Idk. 10? 20?

Paul: Tell me where you’re at and I’ll come get you.

Paul took a moment to observe the parking lot. Cars sat, bumper-to-bumper trying to get out. The alert siren wailed in the distance. The fire alarm to the store went off. Its high-pitched buzzing felt like knives in Paul’s ears. He had been standing a little too close to one of the read flashing speaker boxes.    

Julie: Aisle 12. Pet food aisle.

Paul: Stay where you’re at. And don’t move unless you have to.

Julie: K. Hurry!

Paul peeked through the tinted glass of the front of the store. He couldn’t see anything. The automatic entrance doors had been pried open. Paul ran in and was met with dense smoke blocking his vision. The overhead fire sprinklers went off and sprayed water down below. In a brief moment, Paul was drenched. 
“Hey you,” Remy said to Paul.
He had been spotted immediately. Remy was small and eager, but held a small revolver; the second gun Paul had seen that day.
“Gimme’ your wallet,” he said.
Paul dug into his pocket. His wallet was in the car, somewhat to his relief. But he didn’t think the thug would believe him. Paul reached into his pocket and slowly pulled out his phone.
“This is all I have,” Paul said, holding the phone up.
The Remy’s eyes narrowed. He was not impressed. “Man, I already got a phone. What else you got?” he asked.
Paul thought for a moment, surveying the massive damage around him. He could hear several of their voices from a few aisles down. The sprinklers continued to rain overhead. 
“To be honest with you, I came into the store to loot, just like you,” Paul said.
“Huh?” Remy asked still aiming the revolver.
“That’s right. I came here to, uh, fuck shit up.”
Remy smiled and lowered the gun. “Man, you’re a weird dude.” His smile dropped and he looked at his watch. “You better get out of here in thirty seconds. That’s all the time we have left.
“But I—”
“Just get the hell out,” Remy demanded.
The footsteps and hollering of the other looter got closer. Paul examined the overhead aisle sign, searching for the pet food. Just barely through the smoke he saw the sign for the pet food aisle towards the back.
“Hey, let me go the back way okay? The cops are chasing me. They’ll catch me if I go out the front.”
Remy became visibly nervous. “There’s cops out there?” he asked.
“Yeah, but they’re scared to come in here right now,” Paul said.
Remy smiled. “Yeah. They better be.”
Paul stepped away from the Remy and kept his eyes on the revolver. “I’ll let you know if I see anyone out back,” he said.
Remy watched Paul suspiciously and ran off in the opposite direction. Paul sprinted to aisle twelve. The aisle was empty. It looked safe. He walked down tile floor scanning every shelf and item. “Julie,” he said with a forceful whisper. “Julie, where are you?” He coughed from the smoke. Then he head Julie coughing. He ran down the aisle and saw found her.  “You should have just sent me a text,” she said. 
Paul grabbed her hand. “I’m so glad to see you,” he whispered. Julie nodded. Paul pulled her along with him.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
“Yeah, I’m okay,” she answered. They both coughed profusely. 
“We have to get out of here, right away,” he said. 
Julie attempted to go back the way Paul had come. He yanked her in the other direction. “What?” she said angered.
“We have to go out the back of the store. Trust me,” he said.
“There’s a fire over there, genius,” she said. 
“I don’t mean the back, back, I mean the floral department. The side of the store. Let’s move.” Paul held onto Julie’s hand and they ran as the sprinklers continued to rain down on them. 

Paul and Julie ran out the back of the store, near the floral department. They were met by patio chairs, tables, and large plants. The scene was inviting, almost comforting. There was no one else around. From these surroundings, the world looked normal again. They could find a nice chair, prop their feet up, and relax among the artificial nature that surrounded them. However, Paul knew better. “This way,” he said, pulling Julie. They moved through the floral department, making their way to the outside parking lot. It was still heavily congested. The emergency alert alarm now coupled with the store fire alarm rattled and disoriented them. The residual mushroom cloud faded in the horizon. It was a lot to take in. “Do you remember where you parked?” Julie asked. “Yeah, towards the far side of the parking lot,” “Paul answered. 

The entire parking lot was full of cars that weren’t moving. The road outside the store was stopped as well. They passed car after car of scared and restless families sitting in their car, trying to find a way out. “How are we ever going to get out of here?” Julie asked. 
“I don’t know but we’ll find a way out,” Paul said. 
“What?”
“I said we’ll find a way out,” he repeated over the outside noise. 

Smoke was everywhere. The air reeked of molten plastic. The sprinklers had done their best to minimize the fire, but that didn’t stop some of the flames from spreading. Black smoked flowed through every entrance and exit of the store. Paul estimated that they had made it out just in time. “Try to keep up” he said to Julie as she trailed behind. “I’m trying,” she said. “I just want to go home,” she. “That’s why we have to keep moving,” Paul said. “We have to get home.”

The main road itself was grinded to a halt. Nothing but bumper-to-bumper traffic for as far as they eye could see. The fire at the True Save caused unneeded panic among the drivers and pedestrians alike. Several fender-benders occurred as a result. “I don’t know how in the hell we’re going to get out of here,” Paul said taking Julie’s hand. “We could walk home,” Julie suggested. “Don’t be stupid,” Paul said. Normally his words would have hurt her, but Julie was too dazed to take notice.

“We’re almost there, I can see the car,” Paul said. In actuality he was amazed that they had found it. There was so much going on in the parking lot, he didn’t know if he would possibly be able to locate the Statue of Liberty if he needed to. As they approached the lane he noticed that the woman and her dead husband were still there. He halted and, as a result, Julie stopped. 
“What is it?” she asked.
“We can’t go this way. We can’t go straight down the aisle. Let’s go around.”
“But—”
“Just listen to me.”

He tightened his grip on Julie’s hand and pulled her along with him. He wanted to pass the entire lane, walk down the next on, and get to his car from the side. As they did their best to avoid the woman and the crowd that had gathered around her, Paul took notice of their activities. Several people had wrapped her dead husband in some type of blanket. They carried his body to the back of the SUV and placed it inside. An older woman had her arms around the crying woman and was trying to consul here. The SUV had become a road block of sorts as cars veered past it in both directions. It would make leaving the parking lot especially difficult for Paul, unless he could find some other way out.  

“I want to know what is going on. You’re the adult, so tell me. Are we under attack? What are those sirens?”
“I’m not sure yet, Julie.”
“I want to talk to mom.”
Julie searched her pockets for the phone, but had no luck. “Great, I lost my phone.” She stopped and looked around in a panic. “I need to find it,” she said as she turned back to the store. 
“Please, let’s just get in the car—”
“There’s no way out of here, don’t you see that? We’re as good as dead,” Julie said.
Paul stopped and knelt down in front of Julie. “Don’t ever say that. Everything is going to be okay. We need our car. We can’t just leave it here, we’ll be stranded.”
Tears welled up in Julie’s eyes. The alert siren continued. Horn after horn blared from the cars. The noise alone was enough to drive a person to insanity.
“There she is,” Paul said, pointing to his Passat. They approached opposite sides of Paul’s car and got in. Much to his relief, the woman SUV with her dead husband had left the scene. There was a line of cars directly behind him, leaving him no room to even back out. It was as frustrating as it was hopeless, but there was no reason to give up hope. At least yet.

Chapter 6

Heavy Congestion Ahead: Expect Major Delays

“So now what are we going to do?” Greg asked with his hands wrapped tightly around the steering wheel. “There’s a traffic jam for the next four fuckin’ miles here.” Edwin stared ahead, unresponsive. Greg shook his head from side-to-side in frustration. “You shouldn’t have shot that guy. It was the wrong move. Mr. Bennett is gonna’ be pissed.”
Edwin turned to Greg and stared him down from behind his new thick shades. He always carried an extra set for emergencies.   
“You’re going to give me advice now?” he asked. “Who’s the fuckin’ understudy here? I liked you when you didn’t say much. Now you’re a regular pain in my ass.”
Greg looked down at the dashboard. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what got into me. What do you want to do next?”
“We find our man and get the information we need,” Edwin said. He carefully felt along the ridges of his own nose. The blood had dried, but he was still sore. “Lucky for us, he’s a family man. So now we got a little bit of leverage.”

Greg looked around distracted. The Lincoln crept along at a stop-and-go pace. The other three lanes were just as packed and slow moving. The air conditioner was blasting, but Greg still felt constricted and uncomfortable. “There’s something wrong with this town. I mean something serious is going on. I can’t get nothing on the radio. I can’t get nothing on my phone—”
“It’s a terrorist attack, you dumbass,” Edwin said.
Greg rolled down the driver’s side window with a push of a button on his arm rest. He scrambled through his front jacket pocket and pulled a crooked Marlboro from its crumbled pack. He nervously lit the cigarette with the car lighter.
“Would you just chill out?” Edwin said.
“What do you mean?” Greg asked.
“I mean you’re freaking out, and you’re freaking me out. So stop it.”
“But you said yourself that it’s a terrorist attack.”
“So what?” 
Greg took a long drag from his cigarette. “How do you know that’s what it is?”
“Shit. Don’t you listen to the news? They hit Wall Street this morning. Government raised the terror alert and now everyone is going crazy. You hear that siren? They want to everyone to panic and to get all riled up. But we got nothing to worry about. Terrorist want nothing to do with this shit-hole town.”
“Yeah but—I saw an explosion. Looked like someone dropped a nuclear bomb,” Greg said blowing smoke from his nostrils.
Edwin laughed. “Well then we better start working on that bucket list.”
“I’m not joking. I don’t think it’s safe here. We should head back to Jersey—”
“And then what? Just give up?” Edwin asked.
“That’s not what I’m saying.”

Edwin put his arm around the back of Greg’s seat and leaned in to him, as if in confidence. “Greg, listen to me. I know you’re concerned about what’s going on out there, and I am too. But we’ve got to stay focused. Think about it, we’re safer in Beech Creek than anywhere else right now. This terrorist thing will blow over by the time we get our man.”

“Forget about that guy. I’ve got family in Jersey. I mean the ex-wife is a bitch, but I got two kids.”
Edwin smacked Greg across the face. A quick and no-nonsense slap that shut him up immediately. Edwin removed his arm from behind Greg’s and titled his own seat back. “Just get us out of the traffic jam. I don’t want to hear anything else.”

Greg sat emotionless for a moment. He wanted to feel his face to soothe the sting, but didn’t want to give Edwin any satisfaction. Edwin leaned back in his seat and tipped his hat over his eyes. “Wake me up when you’ve made some progress,” he said.
Greg looked over to Edwin in veiled disgust. “I’ll tell you something, Eddie. You must really have it in for this guy.”
“Who?”
“The one we’re looking for. The family man.”
“Yeah. I don’t like him.”
Greg looked back at the road. They inched forward every couple of minutes, but it seemed to not make much difference. Greg felt the growing urge to walk. 

Paul and Julie had problems of their own. After ten minutes of haggling, they managed to budge their way into the line of traffic leading out into the main road with more traffic in both directions. Traffic was moving a better rate into town than out of it. The opposite lanes were appealing, but decidedly unpopular to the many drivers on the road. Leaving Beech Creek was the goal. Several cars had attempted to bypass the traffic by driving across the dividing median and get into the wrong lane. There were many collisions as a result, which further blocked traffic on the opposite side. 

Paul tensed at the wheel. His body ached and his back hurt. The adrenaline from earlier was wearing off, especially given that they were at such a stand-still. True Save was still on fire, despite the sprinklers that had soused most flames into ash. Curiously, no fire truck ever arrived. There were no police or fire trucks around for miles. Paul wondered what possible state or local failure could have led to such oversight and mismanagement. It was unconscionable. Were they on their own now? 

Julie grasped Paul’s phone, repeatedly calling her mother over and over again. She had left three messages by now, but heard nothing. She also had sent a flurry of text messages to Samantha. There had been no response yet. “Why isn’t she responding?” Julie asked in frustration.

“Just calm down,” Paul said, placing his hand on her shoulder. “We’ll hear from her soon enough.”
Julie recoiled from his touch. “How would you know?”
Paul perked up at the sound of helicopters in the air. 
“Listen,” Paul said. “Do you hear that?”
Julie rolled down her window and reared her head outside, looking into the sky. Two police helicopters were in sight.
“Are they going to help us?” Julie asked.
“I don’t know,” Paul said. Suddenly Paul’s phone vibrated in Julie’s hand. Her eyes lit up with excitement, then shifted to disappointment upon reading the text. “I was hoping it was my mom,” she said.
“Who is it?” Paul asked trying to follow the helicopters with his eyes. They hovered over True Save for a while. Perhaps their absence had just been a delay. Paul believed that a Calvary of first responders was just around the corner, even though he watched fire trucks, ambulances, and police cars pass the True Save earlier without a care. 
“It’s just another alert message,” Julie said.
“What does it say?” Paul asked.
“It says something about radiation levels”
Paul grabbed the phone from Julie. She was right. His phone vibrated again, another alert message followed. Paul read the words, but thought it to be an elaborate hoax. 

Dangerous Radiation Levels in the Air: Seek Immediate Cover in Fallout Shelter or Enclosed Structure 

“Fallout shelter?” Paul asked himself. In a misguided attempt at being proactive, Paul shut the car windows. “Hey,” Julie said, moving her elbow from out of the way. “Just keep your window up and stay in the car,” Paul said, tossing the phone back to her. “It’s not safe out there.” The helicopters hovered overhead. The never-ending alert sirens wailed endlessly. Everything was noise. Car horns, sirens, helicopters, there was no escape.
He saw movement from behind them. Fire trucks acted as battering rams, pushing traffic out of the way and clearing a path for the police vehicles that followed. Several cars veered into the grass as to get out of the way. The fire truck sirens were at their maximum level, startling anyone in their path. Paul covered his ears. He couldn’t concentrate. He pushed his hands tightly over his ears, minimizing the headache-inducing cluster of chaos outside. 
“Do you hear that?” Julie said. Her words were barely audible. He slowly removed his hands. “What?” he asked.
“The police are saying something,” Julie said. Paul cracked his window an inch and listened. A county police car passed them on the far side of the road. His words were orderly and instructive, coming through an intercom PA system on his vehicle. 

“Do not attempt to return to your houses. This town is undergoing an immediate evacuation. All residents are strongly advised to leave Beech Creek immediately.”

“What are they talking about?” Julie asked.
“They’re evacuating the town,” Paul said. What had earlier felt like a figment of his imagination in the hypnotizing mushroom cloud, soon turned into something very real and concerning. He had never been told to “evacuate” a town before, even when he lived in Florida during hurricane season. He struggled to make sense of what they were saying. 

“There are possible radiation levels in the air and all residents are advised to evacuate the city and travel south to the nearest government facility or enclosed structure.” The voice on the police intercom faded the further the vehicle got from them. Soon it was gone. The fire trucks and police cars were far up the road, leaving Paul and Julie to ponder their next move. 

“We have to listen to them, Julie.”
“Where are we supposed to go?” she asked.
“We’ll take the nearest exit out of town.”
“You said that we were going home. Aren’t we safe enough there?” 
“I don’t think we should take any chances.”
“We need to get clothes. Food. All those things. Why would we would just leave with no idea where to go?” Julie protested. 
“Because there are certain risks out there,” Paul said.
“What, radiation?” Julie asked. 
“Yes. If we were exposed to certain levels of it we would…”
“We would die?”
“That’s not what I’m saying. We just have to take precautions.”
Julie sat up on her seat and looked behind them. A long line of traffic trailed each lane. All four lanes were full of cars going their direction. The road going into town had been replaced with cars wanting to leave it. They moved a few more feet and Julie saw a large semi-trailer truck lying on its side in a ditch.  

“We’re never going to get out of here,” she said with a deep sigh.
“I’ll find a way,” Paul said. “Check the GPS on my phone.”
Julie ran her fingers across the touch screen, activating the GPS capabilities. After several phone wasn’t responding.
“I’m not getting anything,” Julie said.
Paul grabbed the phone from her. Julie frowned, but said nothing. Paul looked at the screen. A message box appeared saying that the internal server had failed. It was a common message he had got whenever internet signals weren’t in range. This time, however, it seemed permanent. The GPS didn’t work; he couldn’t make calls, or go on the Internet. The only source of communication the phone seemed to offer was text messaging, and even that was only intermittent.

“Open the glove compartment,” Paul said.
Julie leaned forward and turned the knob on the glove compartment. An owner’s manual and some maps fell out.
“Grab those maps, please.” Paul said. Julie felt around the floor and picked up two maps. There was a map of Pennsylvania and one for Beech Creek. 
“Get the one for Beech Creek.” Paul said. “We’re going to find a way around this mess.” 
“You want me to read a map?” Julie asked, still stunned at the thought. She couldn’t understand how Paul still didn’t known his way around, when they had lived in the same town for two years. Though she knew little herself, aside from her daily bus route, the fact that Paul was relying on her limited map reading abilities was irritating at the least. As a result, she couldn’t resist downplaying her abilities and making the task seem harder than it was.   

“We’re going to have to work together on this,” Paul said. “I can’t take my eyes off the road and read a map at the same time. We need back roads. We need short cuts. I need you to tell me where to go.”
Why was he insisting on this team-building effort? Julie thought. She suspected Paul of taking the incident and trying to use it as an opportunity to build a bond between them. She wasn’t going to fall for it. 
“I don’t even remember the last time I looked at a map,” Julie said.
“It was when we went camping, remember? That was only a year ago.” 
Julie thought of the camping trip. It was one of Paul’s most obvious attempts to bring them together as a family. He tried to teach her land navigation. She remembered, but didn’t want to admit it. 
“Not really,” she said.
“Come on, Julie, I need you to focus here. I know you know how to read a map.”
Julie groaned. “I’ll try, but don’t count on it,” she said.
“Just do your best,” Paul said. 
Julie swung around to address him. “How do you not know…” then she paused. “Know what?” Paul asked. 
“Nothing,” Julie said as she unfolded the map. Paul persisted no more. She wanted to ask him how he didn’t know the town like the back of his hand. How he could possibly ask her to read a map for him. She wanted to know if, as a team, they were doomed from the start. But she said nothing instead.  

They had moved up a few cars as traffic started moving again at a slow and methodic pace, only a few miles from the True Save. The traffic in every lane suffered slinky effects of anxious drivers speeding up whenever traffic moved than slamming on their brakes when it stopped. They were almost passed the flipped semi-trailer. Julie couldn’t take her eyes off of it. It was a red eighteen wheeler and its box trailer indicated frozen meats. Though the truck had been abandoned, the cargo was a precious commodity in the wait. But no one gave it much mind at the moment. Police helicopters continued to hover above. 


Officials had effectively directed everything back on track. Though they were county police, there was something odd about their appearance. They looked as if they were wearing white masks. Every one of them.
“We’re looking for the nearest route off the main road. The quickest route to Maker’s Street,” Paul said.
Julie looked up from the map, surprised. Maker’s street was their road. “We’re going to the house?” she asked. 
“Very briefly, but yes, we’ll grab some stuff then find the best way out of town.”
Julie’s excitement showed and Paul took notice. “See, I know how to listen to other people every now and then. You made a great point about getting supplies. We might just have to stick together after all.”
Paul was slightly pushing it, but Julie did feel a little better about them working together. She looked at the map and tried to make sense of its layout. 
“Did you find us on the map yet?” Paul asked.  
“Um. Okay. I.”
“Just remember what we went over. Contour lines, the legend, magnetic north, true north. Any of this ring a bell?”
“Kind of, I’m trying to remember,” Julie said. She looked up and noticed a red and white painted water tower in the forest miles away. Her finger trailed down the map to the icon of a water tower. She then moved her finger to a nearby road, the main road they were on, Route 150. “There we are,” Julie said with a satisfied smile. 

Greg smoked nervously at the wheel with the windows rolled up. They were finally moving—which provided some relief—but now there were several police everywhere. The exit out of town was in range, at least two miles up the road. Greg had received the same radiation alerts on his phone that Paul received. If they had to evacuate the town, then that’s what he was going to do. He’d deal with Edwin later. At least they were moving now. So it seemed. He looked over to Edwin, whose face was hidden underneath his hat. The traffic strolled along at five miles an hour, towards the main exit out of town. Greg couldn’t wait to get on the exit and out of Beech Creek for good. He was out, as far as he thought. If he could just see his kids again, he’d never spend another day working for Mr. Bennett again. Greg looked to a flashing traffic sign. Its news was less than encouraging.

Heavy Congestion: Expect Major Delays

With the exit out of town seemingly in sight, Greg was enraged when traffic went from a crawl to a halt. Again, all four lanes, gridlocked. A fleet of helicopters stormed overhead. Their presence caused increased panic and paranoia within Greg. He looked at Edwin in amazement that anyone could sleep through all the noise. The cause of congestion was due to the arrival of several Homeland Security vans parked miles ahead, cordoning off the area. Their actions appeared hastily planned. Greg watched as specialists donning biohazard suits--white synthetic garbs, boots, and protective gas masks. They exited the vans holding detection equipment. Their appearance was startling to any casual observer. They operated fast, instructing local law enforcement—themselves unprotected with the exception of white breathing masks on their face—to place road blocks in certain areas, including the exit out of town. Federal and county officials alike worked together to devise an alternate route for the exhausted drivers that awaited their guidance. The traffic sign suddenly changed.

Main Route Closed Due to Radiological Contamination: Take alternate detour to evacuation shelter

Greg rubbed his eyes and read the sign again. He turned the dial switch of the radio, but there was nothing but static. “Eddie,” he said. “Eddie, wake up.” Edwin moved his head slightly, but the hat remained over his face. “What?” he murmured. “You should really see this,” Greg said. Edwin didn’t respond. Greg looked behind him and saw nothing but traffic. There was no turning back now. Some people were out of their cars, disregarding the radiation alerts. The path ahead was the only thing slightly moving. For Greg, their car was beginning to feel like a tomb. He studied the people standing outside their cars, and noticed that they were okay. He was no expert on radiation, but to stay in the car any longer spelt doom.  

Greg swung open the driver’s side door and stepped out. Sirens were much louder outside the car. Despite all the commotion, and route diversion, they hadn’t moved much, if at all. Greg peered into the car. Edwin was still resting. Greg grabbed his phone and cigarettes and slowly closed the door, leaving the car running. By car or by foot, Greg planned to get somewhere. He walked away from the Lincoln towards the woods, hopeful that it would lead him out of the town.

Chapter 7

Escape

“We’re not moving,” Paul said. “Something has happened. It’s like they’re stopping traffic now.”
Julie examined the map the best she could looking for any route they could try. Several cars on the road attempted to drive off road and onto the mushy grass. Now instead of just four lanes there were two complete sides of blocked traffic. “I’m showing a back road on the map here in about a mile,” Julie said.
“A mile? Are you sure?” Paul asked.
“I think. I mean. It’s starting to come back to me,” Julie.
Paul took the map from Julie. “Here, let me see it.”
He was careful in how he addressed Julie’s abilities as a way not to discourage her. 
“We’re going to find a way out.”
“The back road?” Julie asked.
“That will be a start.”
He gently pressed the gas pedal. The car moved a few feet and stopped. Such was the routine. A beeping sound emerged from inside the car. It was enough to startle Julie. “What was that?” she asked.
Paul stared down at the dashboard and was greeted by a flashing yellow light next to the fuel gauge.
“It’s the fuel,” Paul said. “We’re getting low.”
Julie’s felt a rush of panic. It was one thing to be stuck in traffic, but at least they had a car. What would they possibly do without one? She leaned over to get a closer reading of the gauge. 
“Don’t worry,” Paul said. “We should have enough to get us out of here.” She decided to worry anyway, nearly biting her fingers to the bone. “Julie, stop that,” Paul demanded. She pulled her fingers away from her teeth, like a reflex. But she knew she would be back to biting them in no time. 

Edwin jerked his head up at the sound of a car horn from behind. Traffic had started moving again and the parked Lincoln was holding things up. Edwin removed the hat from his head and looked over to the empty driver’s seat. “Greg?” he asked.
“Greg,” he called. “Where the hell you’d go?” Edwin took his sunglasses off and looked in the backseat. No sign of Greg. Edwin opened his car door and stepped out of the car. The sight in front was nearly the same. Lanes of cars slowly inching their way forward. Edwin looked behind him, then all around. Greg was nowhere in sight. “Greg, you dumb bastard. Get your ass back in the car.” Edwin looked to the nearby woods, believing that that Greg was taking a “piss” or something. He still didn’t seem him. It was as if he’d disappeared.

The car behind them from sounded their horn, causing Edwin to jump. He felt a repeat of the entire episode earlier where he shot the man in the parking lot. “Damn,” Edwin said. “Two in one day?” 

The man berated Edwin from the confines of his shiny Mercedes. A business man of sorts, he had slicked-back hair and wore a dress shirt and suspenders. In one hand he held his cell phone, trying to get some type of signal. His other hand was at the wheel. Though Edwin couldn’t hear a word the man was saying, he grabbed his hat and sunglasses from inside the car and strolled over to the Mercedes. The closer Edwin got, the more he could make out what the man was saying. “What are you walking over here for? Just move your car moron! Are you deaf?” 

The closer Edwin got, the more worried the man looked. It was as if his anger vanished with the realization that Edwin was actually approaching him. Edwin stood directly in front of the Mercedes and waited. For what, it wasn’t sure. The man didn’t want a confrontation, so he attempted to look for ways he could get into the other traffic lanes and around Edwin’s car. He found no such luck. No other car would let him in. In an act of frustration, the man laid on the car horn, hoping to scare Edwin. The Beretta came into view, once again, as Edwin opened his jacket and revealed it attached to his left hip. The man removed his hand from the horn immediately.

“Oh?” Edwin said. “Where’s that spunk? Already done?”
He sauntered to the driver’s side window of the Mercedes. The man quickly pushed the automatic windows shut. He was sweating and nearly hyperventilating. Edwin tapped on the glass with his pistol. “You all out of steam now?” he asked the man. The man shook his face in all directions to agree with whatever Edwin had to say. Sweat quickly ran down the man’s head and onto his business shirt.

Edwin pulled a pocket knife from his jacket and exposed the blade.
“Please don’t hurt me,” the man said.
Edwin paced around the man’s car and rammed the knife blade into each tire. A hiss of air followed from the punctured holes. When he finished with the final tire, Edwin tucked the knife back into his jacket and walked back to his car. The terrified man remained in his car, not saying a word. Edwin climbed into the driver’s seat. There was still no sign of Greg. He slammed onto the gas pedal and screeched ahead, leaving the terrified man in the dust. “Greg, oh Greg. Where art thou, Greg,” Edwin said. “Very foolish of you, Greg. Now you’re a dead man.” Edwin wasn’t the most trusting of individuals. He assumed Greg got cold feet and abandoned him. Though anything could explain his absence, this time Edwin was dead on the money. 

Having traveled a mile up the road, at a snail’s pace, and there was no back road in sight for Paul and Julie. Paul estimated that they had enough gas to travel at least a couple of more miles. Perhaps they undershot the location of the back road. There was railing on the right, preventing anyone from driving off-road. Behind the railing was thick forest, with no conceivable entry or exit point for a vehicle. “Are we going to make it?” Julie asked. “We should,” Paul said.

Traffic stopped again. Paul slammed his fists onto the steering wheel. His patience had come to an end, but he tried to control his road rage tendencies with Julie in the car. He looked ahead and didn’t see an end in sight. The idea of leaving the car and traveling on foot seemed tempting, but farfetched. They inched forward slightly every couple of minutes. They rounded a curve in the road, and with that, a possible window into what lied ahead. Paul stared at the fuel gauge. It was hard to keep his eyes off it. He looked for indication of any movement in the needle. It didn’t look like it was any close the E than before, Paul just wasn’t sure.

Julie rose up from her seat, trying to see where the traffic congestion began. She could see the main exit out of town a few miles ahead. The exit was blocked, and several men in suits were diverting traffic somewhere else. Oddly enough, the interstate off the exit wasn’t being utilized. Cars rippled like waves on and off the road. Julie searched left and right for the back road listed on their map.

“We should turn around,” she said. 
Paul glanced in his rearview mirror and laughed. 
“I’m pretty sure we’re stuck,” he said.
“I don’t see any back road. And it looks like the exit out of town is blocked.”
“WHAT?” Paul asked in a loud voice that shook Julie. 
He hunched over the wheel to get a better look. She was right. The blocking of the exit had tripled road congestion to a near halt. Why would they call for evacuation—scaring the daylights out of the townspeople in the process—and then subsequently block the exit? It made no sense to Paul. 
“The sign says that they want everyone to seek shelter,” Julie said reading the flashing traffic update board a mile ahead. Paul was impressed with her ability to read what looked like a blur to him.  
She obviously had much better eye sight than him at her age. 
The federal hazmat teams with the aid of local law enforcement had placed cones everywhere meant to turn four lanes of traffic into two. Their efforts effectively turned the congestion into a living nightmare to any driver on the road. And just in case anyone got any ideas, there were large orange plastic barriers blocking all exits, including the back road Paul and Julie were looking for. Though the barriers looked penetrable, they were filled to their weight with water. Solid as concrete. 

“What is up there?” Paul asked. “Where are they funneling traffic?”
Julie studied the map. “I think it leads to a hospital. At least that’s what I see on the map.”
Paul thought it curious. Why a hospital? Was that their refuge? Would they be safe there? Were they truly in danger from radioactive fallout in the air? If only someone would tell him exactly what was going on, Paul felt like he could make a decision that would keep both him and Julie safe. If there was radiation in the air, it meant that someplace nearby had been struck with a nuclear weapon. But why? And by whom? It would also mean that they were at war with someone. Another nation? A terrorist group? Whoever it was remained nameless and faceless. All Paul wanted to focus on was survival. 

“There could be danger out there that we don’t know about yet. Maybe we’ll be safer at the hospital.”
“All these people are not going to fit in that building,” Julie remarked. 
“True, but looks like we have no choice but to follow the herd.”
“Do we have enough gas?” Julie asked with a worried tone. 
Julie looked ahead and noticed the back road on their right, and close by. It was slightly concealed by looming trees that encompassed it. Ironically the large orange plastic barriers that blocked its path are what made it noticeable to the passing eye. “The back road is right up there,” she said, pointing to the side. 

Most troubling to Paul, however, were the individuals directing traffic up the road. It’s was discomforting to see Hazmat teams in full uniform. This was serious. They waved instruments in the air, measuring the air levels. They were indifferent to the drivers stuck on the road as they walked in groups acquiring data. 

Paul picked up his cell phone to try Samantha. Again, there was no answer. Again, he sent a text and received no reply. They had no choice than to follow the traffic to its inevitable destination. Julie tried the radio again. Not a single station had anything beyond the monotonous pitch of the emergency broadcast tone. Paul turned up the air conditioner to its max level. Though it had been cool throughout the day, being within close proximity to so many cars in such a congestive state had made things uncomfortable.

Not a half mile from the barricaded exit, Paul noticed that their car was coasting. The fuel light was a common occurrence in past, when he would be too lazy to fill up the tank. And he was certain that he could get at least twenty miles out of any empty tank. The actuality of the Passat stopping in the middle of traffic seemed a distant concern, partly because of the “emergency reserve tank the car bragged of having installed.” Paul pressed down on the gas pedal to assure himself that everything was fine. His foot was dead weight. It did nothing to accelerate the car. They glided forward and then the car slowed to a halt. Once stopped, Paul turned the engine key in denial as the car choked and sputtered. 

“We ran out of gas, didn’t we?” Julie asked.
“What makes you think that?” Paul said. The engine rattled, but would not start. The car was dead. The fuel reserve had been tapped and then some. As traffic ahead of them started to move, cars behind them grew impatient. A rhythm of impatient horns steadily grew. Paul turned around and realized they were honking at him to move. He hit the steering wheel repeatedly with a string of profanity to follow. Julie watched him with pity. “Maybe someone has some fuel they can give us,” Julie said. Paul shook his head then stared into nothing. 

Suddenly, he snapped his fingers. “We’re going to have to push the car off the road,” he said. 
“Just you and me? Are you crazy?” Julie asked. 
“I’m sure we can get someone to help us,” Paul said. 
“Good luck with that,” Julie said, opening her door. 
“And you’re going to help,” Paul said.
Julie rolled her eyes. The car horns didn’t cease, as Paul stepped out of the car, they only grew. He could no longer hold in his frustration. “I’m out of gas!” he shouted. “Anyone want to give me some fuel or help me push this thing out of the way?”

Julie looked at Paul with disapproval as he paced around the car. “No one is going to help us if you act like a crazy person,” she said. After slamming the car door shut, Paul calmed himself at Julie’s behest. Julie reluctantly walked to a green pick-up truck behind them. A fifty-something year old man sat at the wheel, looking tired and agitated, with a young boy in the passenger seat. He took his hand off the horn as Julie approached. She peered through his window. 
“Excuse me. Can you give us a hand? We ran out of gas and now we’re stuck. Do you have any fuel or could you help us push the car out of the road?” she asked. 

The man shifted his eyes in her direction. He displayed a slight sense of discomfort by Julie’s request. He was also hesitant and not outwardly friendly. “We ain’t got no fuel. Only what’s in the tank. But my boy here, he can give you a hand.”
The man had his son’s quick attention.
“Give the young lady a hand, will ya?” the man asked the boy. The boy shook his head in agreement and took a step out of the truck. 
“Our car is over there, do you see it?” Julie asked, pointing to Paul. 

The boy looked to see Paul, looking weary and defeated, leaning against the front of his Passat. “Him?” the boy asked.
“Don’t worry, he’s just a little frustrated. Just go talk to him. I’m going to ask other people if they have any gas.” 
The boy nodded and went to Paul. Julie went to another car to her right, a family of four, and asked if they had any fuel. They politely said no. She went to another car, then another. Each person said no. Julie began to wonder if she was asking for too much. 

After a long line of cars, she was about to give up. She was hungry, thirsty, and growing impatient with the lack of care people showed. She decided to ask one more person, approaching a blue Lincoln. At the wheel was a sharply-dressed man with a silver goatee. Julie didn’t know any better, but Edwin was immediately suspicious to her presence. 

“Excuse me. Me and my dad ran out of gas and we’re stuck. Do you have any fuel we could use?” she asked Edwin in an exhausted tone. 
She had startled him because only moments before he was in deep concentration. His eyes were fixated ahead, searching for any signs of Greg or Paul. Edwin tilted his head slightly to address her. “Not much I can do for you, little lady,” he answered. Edwin took a careful look at Julie, then thought to himself for a moment. 
“Where’s your car?” he asked.
“Way down there,” Julie pointed. Edwin turned around to find her car. About a quarter mile down the road he saw a familiar looking Passat with a familiar looking man pushing it to the side. 
“I don’t have any extra fuel on hand. But I may be able to help”
“How is that?” Julie asked. 

Edwin leaned over and opened the passenger-side door. “Why don’t you hop in and I’ll give you a ride back to your car?”   
Julie looked around and hesitated. “Um. No thanks. I should be fine.”
Edwin shut the passenger door and shrugged. “Suit yourself,” he said. 
“Thanks anyway,” Julie said walking away.
Edwin followed her movements in his rearview mirror. He gently guided his Lincoln over to the side of the road and parked. 

“Push her to the right,” Paul commanded as he leaned along-side the driver’s side door while steering the car with his other hand. The boy pushed from the back, giving it all his might. They carefully maneuvered into the next lane on their right and inched the car onto the side of the road, over the white line, among the dirt and pieces of tire rubber. Once stopped, Paul put the car in park and shut the door. He approached the boy with one hand extended in gratitude. “Thanks so much for your help,” he said, smiling. The boy wiped the sweat from his brow and shook Paul’s hand back. 
“No problem, Sir,” he said.
“Do you guys happen to have any extra fuel on-hand?” Paul asked. 
“I already asked them, they said no,” Julie said arriving out of nowhere.
“Perfect timing,” Paul said sarcastically.
“Sorry, we don’t have any extra fuel,” the boy said. 
“That’s okay, Paul said back to him.
 
The boy walked back to his truck with a sense of satisfaction. He felt fortunate to not be in their situation. His father always kept a full tank of gas just for emergencies and it had clearly paid off. 
“We have to get some fuel,” Paul said to Julie.
“I know,” she replied. “I’ve asked a bunch of people. No one has any.”
“They have it, they just don’t want to give it up,” Paul said.
“Would you?” Julie asked. 
Paul looked around, both up and down the road. They could always hitch a ride. Someone was bound to help them somehow. 
“I don’t know, Julie. I think I would.”

“Well, we can always take the back road now,” Julie suggested. The road was close. The barricades could easily be maneuvered around on foot. The path to the back road looked inviting in its solace. 
“We can’t just leave the Passat here,” Paul said, scratching his head. 
“Why not?” Julie said. 
“Because we need it,” he answered. 
“What about the Tahoe?” 
Paul thought for a moment. 
“We get the Tahoe then we can get fuel for this one,” Julie said as if she had just solved a math problem.
The Tahoe was Samantha’s car, left behind whenever she went on business trips. Now it could be their solution. Paul looked at Julie in agreement. “Are you okay for some walking?”
“I think so,” she said.
“Get the map out of the car. We’ll have to make it home on foot.”
“How far?”
“A few miles. Might be worth a shot.”
Julie took a moment to comprehend exactly what a “few miles” might be look like.
“So what happens when we get the Tahoe?” Julie asked. 
“We have to get out of this town.”


Chapter 8

Nowhere Bound 

The problem with walking through the forest in Beech Creek was accidentally being shot by a hunter. This could be a problem if it was hunting season, and sometimes even when it wasn’t hunting season. Other times there was the risk of accidentally walking on private property and not noticing the sign. Paul and Julie walked along the narrow one-lane back road that, according to the map, led back to the other side of town and to their house. Paul walked ahead holding the map as Julie followed. He stared at the map with slight confusion. “It looks like this goes to the creek and stops. I guess it was supposed to be a shortcut back into town, but they never completed it. Or they never made the bridge to go over the creek.”

“So what does that mean?” Julie asked. 
“It means that we’re going to have to go through the forest,” Paul said. 
“Great,” Julie said. 
Paul held the map up like a precious commodity. “We have the map,” he said, “and it’s only a few years old.”
“Lead the way,” Julie said.
The sound of alert sirens had dwindled. Paul tried not to think about the danger that they were in, still faced, or what possibly awaited them. He was driven by pursuit. All they had to do was get to their house—by way of the forest—get Samantha’s car and get out of town. It was possible that things could go back to normal, but despite all of this, his greatest concern was for Samantha. Her absence left them especially hollow and directionless. 

“I’m thirsty,” Julie said.
“I know. Just try to hang in there for just a little bit longer,” Paul said as he placed a hand on her shoulder. 
“I’m hungry too. But more thirsty than anything,” she said. 
Paul pointed to a small path off the back road that led into the forest. “Let’s take this path down the hill.”

“I miss my mom,” Julie said.
“Me too,” Paul said. He took her hand as they walked down the hill together. 
“You should try to call her again,” Julie said. 
“Julie, I’ve called her more times than I can even count. There’s something wrong with the signal. We’ll hear from her soon, I just know it.”

Edwin stood over the front of the abandoned Passat and examined it. There was no one in the car, or anywhere around it. Edwin knelt down beside the car and looked at the gravel below. There were some tracks on the dirt, footprints of varying sizes. The tracks led to a side road with barricades in front of it. Edwin stood up, adjusted his hat and walked towards the barricades, whistling with each step. 

There was no turning back now. Forest surrounded Paul and Julie from all sides. Sun trickled through the openings of the looming redwood overhead. Dawn was approaching. The darkening pink sky radiated the misty woods. The map made getting home seem like a brief walk through the woods. But he knew that the inches on the map equaled several miles, possibly ten. He looked at Julie and wondered if he should seriously consider going any farther. 

“Maybe we should go back to the car,” Paul said. 
“Why?” Julie asked.
“I’m having second thoughts. These woods are no place to get lost in.”
“I thought that was what the map was for,” Julie said with clear frustration in her voice. 
“Yes, it’s our guide, but it’s not going to feed us or keep us warm,” 
“Well if you had put gas in the car we wouldn’t be in this mess in the first place,” Julie said. It was a cheap shot, but she couldn’t resist.
Paul was taken aback at her sudden tone. “Hindsight is—”
“I just want to get home, okay?” Julie interrupted.
“We’re going to be fine as long as we stay calm and determined,” Paul said. 
His words faded as Julie looked around. The trees, brush, and rustic hills ahead looked constrictive. She felt dizzy with a sense of claustrophobia coming over her.

Paul noticed her lagging behind. He stopped and turned around. “What’s wrong?” he asked. Julie didn’t respond. She placed one foot in front of the other at a monotonous pace. Paul held up the map and waved it in the air. “Look, if we stick to the map, we can’t go wrong.” Paul looked back again. “Come on!” he shouted.

Julie looked up from the ground as if coming to some realization. 
“I’m going back to the car before we get stuck out here,” she said. 
Amazed, Paul watched her turn without looking back. 
“Julie, get back here,” Paul said. 
She continued to backtrack without acknowledging him. 
“Young lady, stop right now. Don’t make me have to run after you,” Paul said trying to sound authoritative. 

His tone failed to deter her from her stubborn path back to the car. 
Julie’s pace quickened. It felt good to ignore Paul, but it would be all for not if she ended up getting lost. They hadn’t traveled that far, maybe a mile or so, but with no compass or sense of direction, things could get complicated. 

Paul folded the map and stuck it in his pocket. He balled his fist and breathed deeply, in and out. His authority only stretched so far in her eyes, which wasn’t much, and he knew it. Samantha, on the other hand, had been able to control Julie with a simple look. Paul had been working on his methods. He had offered incentives and other rewards for good grades and took away her things when she misbehaved. At heart, Julie wasn’t a “bad” kid. She made good grades and was doing well in participated in extracurricular activities. The main area of contingency had always been her relationship with Paul. Now these issues were rising again to the surface. 

Julie turned her head slightly to look at Paul and wasn’t surprised to see him hurrying through the forest after her. She accidentally made eye contact and could see that he was angry. 
“Julie! We don’t have time for this nonsense,” Paul shouted. 
Again, she ignored him. The road back to the car was within range. One part of her questioned her actions, raising doubt. But another part of her enjoyed seeing Paul get upset. Why then and there, she couldn’t understand. 

As she continued her walk back to the car, Edwin stepped out in front of her from behind a tree. His immediate surprise appearance stopped her dead in her tracks; though she didn’t recognize him, at least at the moment. A chill shook through her, immobilizing her, and rendering her helpless. Edwin smiled without saying a word. His eyes were concealed behind dark sunglasses.

“I was thinking that maybe I can help you out after all,” he said.
Julie looked at Edwin carefully as she began to recognize him. 
“What are you doing out here?” she asked. 
Edwin glanced behind her at the sound of Paul trying to catch up. Julie turned quickly around to look for Paul. His pending presence brought comfort to her amidst the unusual situation. 

“I haven’t introduced myself properly, my name is Edwin, and you are?” 
Julie turned back to face Edwin. She was unresponsive, and observed him with a blank stare.  
“Are you okay?” Edwin asked with feigned concern. “Is there something wrong?”
“My-my dad is right over there,” Julie said pointing behind her.
“Excellent,” Edwin responded. The time felt like an eternity of waiting. It was similar to the times she waited for Paul to pick her up from soccer practice. Back then, it seemed that whenever she stood outside the school waiting for him, nearly every car that passed looked like his. But they never were, until she had long given up. 
Edwin had one hand in his side pocket and the other held out as if to beckon Julie.

“Why don’t you come over here so we can talk?” he asked. Julie wanted to run, but her legs had seized up on her. She was frozen. All she managed was to do was to shake her head in disagreement. Edwin was undeterred. “Come now, don’t be like that,” he said in a calm voice. Then he lunged at her like a hawk, grabbed her by the shoulders and swung her around in front of him. She started to scream, but was silenced by his large hand over her mouth. 

“There, there,” Edwin said, forcibly pulling her against him. Paul came jogging around the bend out of breath and slowing down. He stopped immediately upon seeing Edwin, much with the same confusion as Julie.

“Julie?” Paul said.
“Ah, what a lovely name,” Edwin said. “A lovely name for a lovely flower.”
“Let her go,” Paul demanded. 
“In time,” Edwin said.
“No. She has nothing to do with any of this. It’s between you and me.”   
Edwin slowly removed his hand from over Julie’s mouth. “Dad,” she said. Her eyes widened with fear and worry. Paul’s held his hands out in a cautionary manner. At the moment, the fire, the panic, the explosions, the sirens, and emergency alarms were nonexistent. The only thing that mattered was happening right in front of him. The rest of the world could wait.    

“Please,” he said slowly. “I’m begging you to let her go. We can work out whatever we need to work out without involving a child.”
Edwin wasn’t fazed by the plea. Julie shook in his grip. Edwin reached to his side and pulled his Beretta from its side holster. 
“I’m sorry, but I’m going to have to hold onto her. You see, in my business, children make great collateral damage.”

Paul felt his desperation growing. He wondered if there would be any reasoning with Edwin. He was certain that he would have no choice but to charge Edwin at that point, like a mad dog. But then what? Edwin would shoot him, just as he did the man in the parking lot, then there would be no hope whatsoever for Julie. 
“I’ll tell you whatever you need to know about Bill. I’ll take you to him. Anything you want.”

“This isn’t about Bill anymore. It’s personal now,” Edwin said. His pistol was steadily aimed at Paul.
“How is this personal?” Paul shouted.
“You offended me,” Edwin said. “And the damage has already been done. The only question is will I leave one body or two? The decision is all yours.”
Paul tried once more to reason, but with a more forceful tone than before. “Do you not see what is going on right now? Do you even care? Power outages, mushroom clouds, radiation alerts. None of us may see tomorrow, do you understand that?”

 “Well you can be certain that you’ll be the first,” Edwin said, clicking the hammer of the pistol back with his thumb.
Tears streamed from Julie’s eyes. “No!” she shouted.
Paul flinched at the sight of the barrel. His life, it felt, flashed before his eyes. He could see his own death while feeling an odd mixture of pain and relief. 

The inside lining of Edwin’s coat brushed against Julie’s shoulder. She felt something metallic, like that of a pocket knife. She reached inside his pocket, quick and stealth-like, and pulled the knife out without Edwin taking notice.     
“I’ll give you an address,” Paul said. Though he had no address to speak of. 
“Your services are no longer needed in that area,” Edwin said.
“Just listen to me for one second. I can save you a lot of trouble, just promise that your let my daughter go.” Paul’s voice grew louder and cracked as he begged for mercy. “Just give me that option. It’s all I ask,” Paul continued.

Edwin lowered his pistol while shaking his head. He studied Paul with a perplexing look and laughed to himself. “You really are a marvel of sorts,” Edwin said. “Here you are, a man in no position to barter anything and you’re still making demands. I have you at gun point. I have your daughter, and then you offer me a trade? Here’s what I’m going to do. I’m going to kill you, and then, if she’s nice, I won’t kill your daughter—”
Suddenly Edwin felt an instant jab of cold steel go straight into his stomach. At first, its origins felt unusual and—for a man who had never been stabbed before—deeply foreign. 

He glanced down at the source of the intense pain. A pocket knife protruded from his stomach. Julie’s small hand gripped its handle. She yanked it out with force and blood quickly flowed afterward. For Edwin, the pain had still not fully settled in. What felt like a pin prick soon grew into agonizing shock. Edwin stumbled backwards with both hands clasped over his stomach. His pistol fell to the ground in a small pile of leaves near Julie’s feet. In the midst of his stagger, Edwin tripped over a dead branch and fell on his back. His hat and sunglasses landed nearby. He had been rendered unarmed, helpless, and in a calamity of pain. 

Julie backed away while holding the knife. She stared at Edwin emotionless. He gritted through his teeth and formed into a fetal position. His eyes darted to the pistol on the ground only a few feet away. 
“Julie!” Paul shouted, snapping her out of her daze. She turned to him and was met with an intense embrace. 
“Are you okay?” he asked throwing his arms around her. 
She nodded and rubbed her hand across her face to remove some tears. 
“Come here,” Paul said. He pulled her closer and hugged tightly. 
“I’m so sorry,” he said. 

Edwin crawled towards them like a wounded animal. He held one outstretched arm in the air and grabbed at the nearby pistol. Paul and Julie took quick notice of Edwin’s approach. Paul pulled Julie away and placed himself between them. Edwin moved closer grunting along the way. Paul looked at the ground to see what Edwin was lurking towards. The pistol lied there like a prize. 

Paul lunged forward as Edwin pushed himself over the pistol. Paul nearly stumbled as Julie ran in front of him. She rushed to the ground and landed on her knees to Edwin’s side. He lied on his stomach, concealing the pistol in a protective manner. Julie raised the knife into the air and brought it down into Edwin’s back. The stabs brought screams of pain from Edwin. Blood gargled from his throat and out of his mouth into the sullied ground below.

Paul ran behind Julie, grabbed her arm and held it tightly. “Julie, stop that!” he shouted. He pulled the knife from her hand and pulled her away. Julie finally broke, and cried into his chest. Paul looked past her see to Edwin writhing on the ground. His bloodied hand had managed to get the pistol, though he could barely hold it up. 
“I’ll-kill-both-of-you,” he muttered between gasps. 

Paul let go of Julie and gently nudged her away. Edwin tried to aim the pistol, but couldn’t control the shakiness of his hand. Paul knelt down on Edwin’s side and yanked the pistol from his hand. Edwin gave little fight. His arm collapsed on the ground as Paul stood over him. Paul had never shot anyone before. Even though he despised Edwin and knew the man to be a monster, he was hesitant about taking his life. If he didn’t pull the trigger Edwin would possibly die as a result of his multiple stab wounds. He would die at the hands of Julie. Paul looked at her remorseless and blank expression. Perhaps she was scared as he had been just moments ago. But as he tried to influence Edwin with words, she had lashed out with violence. The ease at which she stabbed Edwin was troubling in itself. Who was this girl standing before him?

Edwin’s breathing was erratic and frenzied. His body jerked in spastic rhythms. His skin was pale and his eyes were stricken with a hopeless gaze. Paul believed that Edwin was dying. Though he was unsure how long it would take. 
“Julie, I want you to turn away,” Paul said.
She sniffled unresponsive. “Julie,” Paul repeated. “Look away now.”
Julie looked up at Paul. “What are you doing?” she asked.
“I have to do this. Just do as I say.”
“Let him suffer,” she said. Paul could feel the cold steel of the folded knife in the pocket of his jeans. A small blotch of red had formed over his pocket. It was a reminder of where the knife had been. “Turn around now,” Paul demanded. They locked into a stare in which Julie backed down. She reluctantly complied and turned her head to the side. 

“You should probably cover your ears too,” Paul said. Julie slowly held her palms to both ears. Paul aimed directly at the back of Edwin’s slumped head. As he caressed the trigger with his index finger, Paul realized that he hadn’t even checked to see if the gun was loaded. He thought about the man Edwin killed in the parking lot and the way he didn’t even flinch when he shot him. 

Paul took a deep breath and pulled the trigger. The pistol jumped in his hand, the shot left his ears ringing. Edwin’s head jerked to the side as it split open at the top. The erratic movements of his body ceased. His arms lied motionless at his side. Blood rushed from his gaping head wound which formed a thick puddle on the dirt below. Julie removed her hands from her ears and observed Edwin’s lifeless body. 

“Who was he?” she asked. 
Paul was dazed, but the lowered the pistol and walked over. 
“Don’t look at him,” he said. “Let’s go.”
“But you knew him,” she said. 
“I did. He was a criminal, a murderer. He was after my boss, Bill. But it doesn’t matter. We need to get out of here. Come here.”
Paul took Julie’s hand. He stuck the pistol in his pocket as if it belonged to him. 
“I’m sorry, Julie. I really am. I’m sorry you had to go through that, but you’re safe now. Everything is going to be okay, I promise.”
“I saved your life,” Julie said, sounding proud of herself. 
Paul thought to himself for a moment, unsure of how to respond. He looked for some sings of innocence in her eyes. “That’s right,” he said. “You saved our lives.”

He led Julie back to the woods. She had little fight left in her, and allowed him to lead the way. Paul turned to her. “You’ve got to make a promise to me. From now on you need to listen to me. No more running away. You stay with me until we get home.”
“Okay,” she responded in monotone. She took a glance backwards to get one more look at Edwin. His body was still there among the leaves on the ground. “What about the police? What are we going to say?” she asked. “We’re going to tell them the truth. But we need to get home first.” Paul pulled the map from his pocket and unraveled it. They didn’t speak for some time after. The wailing of the emergency sirens reentered their consciousness as if the sound had been temporarily muted. There were no easy answers in front of them or any clear direction, just forest as far as they could see. 

Chapter 9

A New Discovery 

The hills ahead were tiring and monotonous. Often, when they reached top of one, they expected to see a town awaiting them below. They yearned for one familiar sight in their path. But they only saw more trees and dense forest. It was getting darker out, as the sun set on the horizon. Paul stopped at a creek and cautiously advised that they drink from its waters. Both Paul and Julie were too dehydrated to resists. The farther they walked the more distant the emergency sirens became. Though it was nice to find some tranquility, it also meant that they were moving deeper into nothing. They were tired, dirty, and hungry. They hadn’t said much to each other since Edwin. Their exchanges consisted of the occasional, “how much further?” from Julie. Paul led the way, map in hand. “Not much,” he would say. “We’re almost there, I can feel it.” 

Julie wanted nothing more than to get out of her sweaty soccer uniform and into bed. Her phone was dead and Paul’s had half a bar left. The devices that they had relied on so heavily throughout a normal day had become paperweights in their pockets. Although Paul had found a helpful use of his, courtesy of compass app. As they walked, he cursed the map under his breath and out of hearing distance from Julie. 

Having Paul him all these years as a stepfather, Julie was never sure what a “promise” meant from him anyway. Their relationship, outside of Samantha, consisted of him picking her up from soccer practice. She had never wanted to move to Beech Creek, but had done so because of her mother’s marriage to Paul. After losing his IT job after a round of layoffs, her family struggled financially. The temporary answer to their problems became Paul’s parents’ house in Beech Creek. Small town life soon followed. Because of Paul, she had to move away from her friends and to a new town. Because of Paul, they had run out of gas. Because of Paul she met Edwin. And now, because of Paul, they were in the woods with no end in sight. These were the thoughts going around in her head.

At the bottom of the hill Paul stopped to reassess their direction. He held up the map studying it. His fingers moved across the surface in the spot on the map he believed they were. Julie walked past him without taking notice. “Hold on, Julie,” he said. 
She stopped and turned around. “What is it now?” she asked.
Paul’s eyes followed the wooded area on the map. He moved his finger to a nearby symbol. “According to the map there’s an Army reserve base close by. We could stop there and get some help.”
“How far?” Julie asked. 
“It should be right over this next hill,” he said.
Julie sighed. “Guess we don’t have much of a choice then,” she said.
“This is good,” Paul said with a smile. “We’re going to be alright.”

Feeling hopeful, Paul led the way with Julie in tow. Perhaps he was right. Everything might turn out better after all. Another hour of walking around in the forest and Julie felt like she would collapse. They avoided anything to do with Edwin and continued ahead. What would they tell Samantha? What would they tell anyone? And would they tell anyone? “Keep up, Julie,” Paul said turning back to her. The prospect of military assistance energized Paul. He would ask them to explain that had happened. It was perfect. His hunger for knowledge rivaled the growing pains in his stomach. 

Up ahead they saw a road. Its welcoming sight brought great relief. Paul’s pace quickened as Julie struggled to keep up. “We found it,” he said with surprise, though the road was deserted. They approached the side of the narrow and worn two-lane road. Paul hurried to a sign implanted in the ground to their right. It read: “Army Reserve Center: 1 Mile.” “This is it, I knew we were close,” Paul said. His excitement showed and Julie had to admit that she felt hopeful as well. “Maybe they’re using it as a shelter,” Julie said. 
“Even better,” Paul said. “They can tell us exactly what is going on.” 

After making it to the gate, they could see a two-story building. The entire area was surrounded by large chain-link fence. The front gate was open, but oddly enough no vehicles were around. Paul grew suspicious. It seemed that this would be an ideal place to seek shelter. “We made it,” Paul said while doing his best to sound encouraging. Julie trailed behind his brisk steps. “There’s no one here,” Julie said. As they entered through the gate, Paul was surprised to find the parking lot ahead of them empty. 

He looked around for any signs of life. A security guard, a soldier, a stray cat, anything. Each window in the building was dark. It didn’t look like there was a light on in the entire premises. Letters on the top front of the building read, “William P. Ganz Army Reserve Center.” A large flag pole stood in the center of the parking lot with an American flag waving fiercely in the wind. “There has to be someone here,” Paul said. 

They walked along the sidewalk to the front entrance of the building where four large glass doors awaited them. Paul pushed against one and found it locked. He pulled at the door and got the same results. Julie stood nearby observing the parking lot while Paul tried to open each door. He shook and rattled the last one in frustration, but it remained closed. He hit the glass door several times with the bottom of his fist. Julie walked up and peered through the glass. She saw an unoccupied front desk. Past the desk were darkened halls as far as she could see. Oddly enough, several chairs were knocked over and scattered throughout the front entrance room. A closer look and she could see that the floors were littered with boxes and papers. 

Paul stuck his face to the window as well. 
“Do you see anyone?” he asked. 
“Not yet,” Julie said. 
Paul backed away from the door and looked back out into the parking lot. “You see that?” he asked pointing to the flag pole. 
“They’re supposed to lower the flag at the end of each day. It’s still up there.” Paul stopped to gather his thoughts. He didn’t know exactly what it meant, but continued. “It means that someone has to be here.” He walked away from the entrance to explore more of the center. Julie followed. 
“There might be another entrance somewhere,” Paul said as they walked around the building along the freshly cut grass. “It just doesn’t make any sense.” As they made their way to the other side of the building, they noticed a one-lane road leading into to a maintenance area. A sign near the road that read, “Motorpool,” enticed them further. 

There was no entrance on the other side of the building, so Paul chose the road to the motorpool. “I think I see some vehicles,” He said. He then turned around to wait for Julie. “Do you want to stop to rest?” he said with concern in his eyes. “No, I’m okay,” Julie said. Paul nodded and they continued along the cracked asphalt. Paul could see a military hanger close by. The wheeled chain-linked gate to the hanger was opened as well, allowing them to enter the area without issue. 

The hanger looked deserted. The rolling warehouse door was open and all Paul could see was darkness inside. The entire facility had to be the most unsecured military installation Paul could have imagined. They passed an outside bench and some trash cans, and approached the inside of the hanger with caution. Paul could see several large military trucks parked inside. Some had their hoods open, others were missing tires. Several tools were strewn across the concrete oil-stained floor. The place looked like it had been abandoned in haste. “Listen,” Paul said, halting Julie. 

They heard a faint sound of cluttered movement from the back. Paul walked carefully ahead, keeping Julie at a safe distance behind. He saw a person waving a flashlight in the air. The person, a man, was in a hurry, busy packing a Humvee with boxes. He took no notice of their presence and was heavily invested in his work. Paul stopped and held his arm out. “Stay behind me,” he said to Julie. Paul walked slightly ahead and looked around for signs of anyone else. “Hello?” he called out. The man paused and immediately shined the flashlight in their direction. 

“Who’s there?” he asked. Paul couldn’t tell if he was a soldier or a civilian. “My name is Paul, this is my daughter, Julie. Our car broke down and we’re trying to get some help,” Paul said slowly approaching. The man kept his flashlight on Paul, not saying a word. “I was hoping that we could find out what’s going on,” Paul continued. Again, the man didn’t say a word. “Are you military?” Paul asked. He was closer to the man and saw that he was in civilian clothes. He wore slacks and a tucked-in dress shirt. A military badge hung from around his neck. The man was covered in sweat. His short gray hair was a mess. He examined Paul through glasses that rested on the tip of his nose. “I’m retired military, yes. Now I work as a military analyst.”

“I’m so glad we found you. This place looks deserted. What happened to everyone?” Paul asked. 
“They left,” the man replied. “And I would advise that you do the same.”
Paul began to grow agitated. “Isn’t there anyone who can help us around here? Can you tell me what is going on?”
“We were supposed to stay, but everyone panicked.”
“What are you talking about?” Paul asked, moving in closer.
“This facility will become a shelter within the next hour, that I can guarantee you,” the man said. “Protocol in this situation calls for an immediate evacuation to the nearest enclosed structure to shield the population from radioactive fallout.”
“Are we in any danger?” Paul asked. 
“Not if you stay here,” the man answered. “Homeland security will take over this building soon. Just wait for them.”
“And where are you going?” 
“Away from here.”
“Why? I thought you said it was safe,” Paul said. 
“It will be, for a few days. But people have the tendency to turn on each other after a while and I’m not going to risk it.”
“Sir, I need you to tell me what happened today. For the sake of my life and my daughter’s,” Paul said. 

The man lowered his flashlight and walked over to the Humvee. He picked a backpack from the ground and threw it in. “We just want to know what’s going on,” Paul said. The man shut the up-armored desert tan door and sized Paul up. Julie waited patiently next to one of the trucks, leaning against a tire the size of her. 

“My name is Jordan. As an analyst, I’m privy to certain details about the occurrences of today. However, you have to remember that the information I have has not been verified. And you might want to sit down first.” Paul looked around. There was nowhere to sit. “On the floor?” he asked. “If you like,” Jordan replied. “I’m okay, thanks,” Paul said. 

“At approximately 4:00 p.m. today,” Jordan continued, “Philadelphia was hit with a nuclear weapon, reportedly eradicating the city and its population. The radiation alone was enough to kill anyone within twenty miles, possibly further. The government has fully deployed their federal and military assets to respond to the attack or attacks. Sometime following the first strike against Philadelphia, there was another nuclear explosion reported near the city of Williamsport, which is much closer to Beech Creek. All military and civilian personnel of this facility were told to immediately evacuate. Then our instructions changed. We were to remain here and operate the building as a fallout shelter. Through all the panic I got left behind. You see, it’s actually kind of funny. My wife borrowed my car today.” The man shook his head. “Of all the days. The massive power outages are harder to explain. It could be related to the attack or they could be something separate. One thing is for sure, we’re either at war with somebody or somebody is at war with us.”

Paul swallowed, but his dry mouth failed to produce any saliva. Jordan’s information sounded far-fetched and speculative, but disturbingly detailed. What he spoke of—what he was saying—sounded impossible to Paul. “There’s no way,” he said. “There’s no way something like that could happen.” In response, Jordan grabbed a few MRE boxes from the ground and placed them in the passenger side of the Humvee. “I wouldn’t believe it either, but it’s true.”

“What’s this about radiation? Are you saying that we—” Paul stopped, turned to face Julie, then lowered his voice to a whisper. “Are you saying that we’ve been infected with radiation poisoning? Where’s the government in all of this?”
The man slammed the passenger door shut to the Humvee. “They’re not around here, that’s for sure. We may have radiation poisoning or we may not. We might die soon or we might not. But I believe that anyone who stays in this town is as good as dead. I’m sorry, that’s just how I see it.”
Paul leaned in closer. “Please. You’ve got to take me and my daughter with you. We have nowhere to go. We don’t have a vehicle.”
The man held up his hand to silence Paul. “It’s okay. I can take you and your daughter, but I can’t guarantee that we’ll make it.”
“Thank you for giving us a chance. We’re in your debt,” Paul said. He took a step back from the man and pivoted to Julie. “Julie, come here,” he said. She stood up and walked over. “This is Jordan, he’s going to help us get out of town,” Paul said. Jordan extended his hand to Julie and she shook it. “I thought we were going to the house?” she asked. “Yes, I know,” Paul said. He looked to Jordan as to consult with him. “We have a car, a Tahoe. We could take both vehicles.”

“There’s no time, I’m headed to the south exit of town before they block that off as well,” Jordan said. 
“Dad?” Julie said. Paul stood in the middle between Jordan and Julie, feeling rushed to appease both of them. He placed his hand on her shoulder and tried his best to sound sincere. “This is the only way, I’m sorry. We have to listen to Jordan. He knows what’s going on.”
“So what is going on?” she asked. “I don’t understand why we have to leave town.”
“Just trust me, please. We have to get out as soon as possible. The town isn’t safe.”
“Where are we going to go?” she asked. 
“As far away as we can get,” Paul said.
“Are you guys ready or what?” Jordan called from the inside of the Humvee. 
“I want my mom,” Julie said with tears running down her tired face. 
“It’s going to be okay,” Paul said squeezing her shoulder. 
“You say that, but it’s never true.”
“We’re going to find your mom, I know it,” Paul said. “But we have to go now.”

Paul’s phone vibrated in his pocket. He almost had forgotten what receiving a text message felt like. He retrieved the phone and at first glance, it appeared to be another alert message. But instead he was greeted by Samantha. 
“Oh my God,” Paul said holding his phone as if it were the Holy Grail.
“What is it?” Julie asked.
“It’s a text from your mother,” Paul said. 
Julie grabbed the phone from Paul without hesitation. “Hey,” Paul said. Julie ignored him and opened the message.

Been trying to reach you guys for hours. I’m so scared. Please God, I hope you’re okay. Attacks everywhere. Call me back. I love you both.

Paul pulled the phone from Julie’s clutches and read the message. He instantly dialed her number, but again, the call failed to go through. He rose from the ground and took Julie’s hand. “You see? I told you that she’s okay. We’re going to find her.”
“How?” Julie asked. 
“We have to get to Colorado.”









