
THE 2084 PRECEPT

Anthony D. Thompson

Copyright 2014 Anthony D. Thompson
Smashwords Edition
Anthony D. Thompson has asserted his right under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 to be identified as the author of this work

'Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not quite sure about the former.'
Albert Einstein (1879—1955)
~
'Forgive them, for they know not what they do.'
Jesus Christ (The Christian Bible, Luke 23-34)

For Caroline, with huge amounts of love

Contents
PROLOGUE
DAY 1
DAY 10
DAY 20
DAY 30
DAY 40
EPILOGUE

PROLOGUE
The tall, blond man was standing in the middle of the room. He was dressed casually. Sports jacket, chinos and a polo shirt. He was looking out of the window. The trees were leaning in submission to a strong wind and the snow was falling in gusty swirls and had made everything white already.
Nice day, thought the man to himself. But nothing which his overcoat and scarf wouldn't solve, and certainly it was no danger to his relaxed good mood. On the contrary, he quite liked wind and snow. Always had.
The room could have been a meeting room in a modern budget hotel. Simple furniture, white walls, the décor and the lighting easy on the eye. Looking good and smelling clean.
But the room was not a meeting room in a modern budget hotel. It was a meeting room on a ward in a U.K. low security unit for the mentally ill, the unit to which the man had eventually been transferred as his apparent sanity became increasingly impossible to ignore.
The door to the room opened and he counted the number of people as they came in. Fourteen. More than usual for a meeting of this nature, as he knew. But then, as he also knew, he was something of a celebrity. His was a rare case and had attracted a lot of attention and been the subject of many professional conferences, both internal and external, over a prolonged period of time. Only to be expected of course. Years ago he had been classified as potentially dangerous, both to himself and to others. He had not actually harmed anybody but he had been insane. He had been classified as a DSPD patient—one of those who suffer from dangerous and severe personality disorders of various kinds. In other words, a potentially violent psychopath.
All of this he knew and agreed with. And then a remarkable improvement in his condition and his increasing ability to intelligently discuss and analyze his past and present situations had led to his transfer, thanks also to the modernized principles enshrined in the 1994 Reed Report, from his initial high secure unit to a medium secure unit.
The man's repeated requests to be released and returned to the community had resulted in a gradual withdrawal of all medication, accompanied by an intensified psychological and psychiatric testing program, followed by periods of escorted and unescorted 'leave' outside of the institution. All of which led to his further transfer to a low security unit, and eventually culminated in a recommendation by the responsible consultant psychiatrist for an absolute discharge, which in turn was approved by a First Tier Tribunal.
The man had been aware of the applicable procedures and of the fact that neither the Ministry of Justice nor any other jurisdictions were involved, as his detention had not been subject to any restriction orders, either criminal or civil. He was consequently not surprised about the discharge being an absolute one. Such discharges were rare for inmates with his given medical history, but they were not unknown. They must all have been totally convinced of his return to sanity or, more probably, had considered his detention all those years ago to have been a mistake of some kind, faulty judgment perhaps, or even that his mental illness had, at that time, and for whatever reason, been intentionally faked.
As the others sat down, the man also took a chair out of courtesy, placed his small suitcase beside him on the floor and laid his overcoat and scarf on top of it. He was calm and collected, and he continued to glance out of the window. At the snow, at the wind, at the freedom.
He had been informed of his release several days ago. This was merely the formal goodbye. They told him again of his aftercare rights under section 117 of the MHA. They informed him that mental health and social care needs would be provided under the CPA umbrella whenever he wished and for as long as he wished. They hoped that he would be taking advantage of such facilities, in spite of his statement to the contrary.
The man had no friends. A social worker would, for one week, take over control from the Court of Protection of the £50,000 he had inherited when his mother had died two years ago, after which control of the full amount, less accommodation and related costs incurred during that week, would revert solely to him. They confirmed that the taxi had been ordered and would arrive in thirty minutes. They confirmed that it would take him to the hotel he had requested, where adjoining rooms had been booked for himself and a CPN, a community psychiatric nurse who would assist and further evaluate him until a community support worker had helped him obtain permanent accommodation. They reiterated their wish that he maintain regular contact with the aftercare team. And at the same time, they again made it clear to him that, as mandated by the law, he was free from restrictions of any kind. They handed him his private documentation and his copies of the non-confidential medical documentation pertaining to his case history. And they wished him well.
The man had given them his full attention during these proceedings. He had done so out of courtesy and also because he had no reason whatsoever to wish to cause them any inconvenience, let alone trouble. These were pleasant people and they were genuine professionals. They had treated him well, and they were proud of their involvement in his progress toward a discharge.
He smiled and looked around the group for the last time. The Consultant Forensic Psychiatrist, who was also the Clinical Director, was there. One of his assistants was there. The unit's general manager was there. A psychologist was there. Two registered nurses were there. A physiotherapist and an occupational therapist were there. The designated CPN, two social-cum-support workers, two health care nurses and a researcher were also there.
He stood up and said thank you. He wished them continued good health and success in both their professional, and more importantly, in their private lives. He put on his overcoat and scarf. There was some shaking of hands and then he and his suitcase were accompanied out of the room by two male nurses. In addition to low security patients, there was a small medium security section on this site, and they therefore had to go through two locked doors to get out of the ward and into the main corridor. They then walked about two hundred meters to the next set of two locked doors and hurried out into the swirling snow and crossed over an internal road to the reception building. Two electrically operated doors controlled their passage through the airlock area and then, nodding to the area's two gatekeepers, they moved on and out into the institution's open portal.
Into the outside world. The sane outside world. At least, so it is said.
The three persons who would be accompanying him to the hotel arrived and they waited and watched the snow falling until the taxi appeared. They climbed into the taxi and it drove off into the whiteness, its lazy light-blue exhaust spirals being snatched up by the wind and blown back without delay into their previous state of non-existence.

DAY 1
It was just one of those ordinary days.
A day pushing us closer to the middle of the second decade of the twenty-first century. Assuming of course that you happen to patronize the Gregorian calendar, a solar calendar introduced in the year 1582 and using the year of birth of the key deity in one of our religions or, if you prefer, that deity's self-proclaimed representative, but in either case in human form, as its retroactive starting point.
On the other hand, if you are one of the large number of people who use a Chinese calendar, things become more complicated. The Chinese have many calendars, including lunar ones with 354 days to the year, and they are all pretty complicated, and you could now be in the year 4,711 or in the year 102 or in some other year, depending on which one you use. You also need to do as many Chinese do, and use converter-calendars to check with the Western one in order to know how old you are and so on.
Alternatively, you may be the user of an Arab calendar, of which there are also many, but you would normally be the follower of one of the Islamic ones which tell you that you are in the year 1435 AH (the starting point here being the date of a journey, more or less forced, of that religion's self-proclaimed key prophet from Mecca to Medina, as the latter is nowadays called).
Not that it matters in the slightest what year we humans are in, does it?
And in any case, as I was saying, it was just one of those ordinary days.
You know what I mean, you get up, you shave—if you are a man, that is—you paint yourself and so on if you are a woman, maybe also do a bit of shaving here and there, you go to work, you have coffee breaks, you have lunch, you go home, or maybe you go to a bar or a restaurant or maybe to the movies or, if you are one of those kinds of people, to an art show or a museum, or maybe you just stay at home, maybe you read a book or, if you are one of those kinds of people, you watch T.V., then you go to bed, and if you are lucky enough to be still at a decent stage of a relationship, you have sex, and if you are really still into it, then maybe even before you go to bed. Or maybe you don't.
And maybe you take a bit of time while all of this is going on to send some daily prayers in a vertically upward direction, or—with bowed head or kneeling or both—vertically downwards, or perhaps in an easterly direction, or, feel free, in whichever direction you prefer. Or maybe you don't. Whatever.
And then you get up the next day and you do those same things all over again, more or less anyway. Life is what we call it. Others of course do different things such as being full-time caretakers of offspring—these caretakers being mainly female, although these days you never know—and this is the driving force in their lives, the main reason for their existence, or so they believe and so I am told and so they say.
Someone once estimated that the average adult in the developed world—completely ignoring for the moment what we mean by 'developed'—spends at least 15,000 days of his or her life in this way. And that is a large whack out of anyone's life, if you consider that the adult lifespan of an average 'developed' human on this planet is approximately 20,000 days (out of a total lifespan of around 30,000). There are even sociologists who estimate that the average adult spends around 18,000 of his or her days in this way, but I am not going to belabor the point because I have no idea, and, what's more, I don't care. And in any case, we are all unconscious for the equivalent of 10,000 of those 30,000 days. Sleep we call it.
So, there we are, such is life, an existence of limited duration—extremely limited if you ask me—and exorbitantly limited for those who have had bad luck, or for whom bad luck awaits in the future. Time, in fact—if you think closely enough about it—is the only thing we really possess. And this, to a large extent, is what we do with it. We don't wonder why we do it, we just do it, it's the way things are, that's the way it is, there is no point in analyzing the matter.
And as for the meaning of it all, the purpose of it all, what is that supposed to signify? Ha, a laughable question in which I am not at this point in time going to involve myself, among other reasons because I have no desire to have to listen to various effluent opinions such as the main reason being to have babies, spend tortuous, messy and stinky years of the limited number available trying to turn them into creatures identical or at least similar to oneself, sometimes failing and finding out that you have produced a murderer or a rapist or a child molester or whatever, and more often than not at the same time going through hellish relationships, with or without a divorce or other forms of unpleasantness, in order to eventually…well, eventually what?
Yup…in order to eventually disappear, hop off, expire, kick the bucket, stop existing.
And the foremost objective of all of this, or so I am told, is for the offspring to go off and do exactly the same thing and then also disappear, hop off, kick the bucket, cease existing, perish. And the hopping off is a theme all on its own. It can occur in prolonged pain, suffering, agony, torment and misery or—if you are lucky—it can occur abruptly and usually without prolonged agony as in traffic accidents, heart attacks and terrorist bombs. Or you get murdered. Or—if you really mess things up in the wrong way, at the wrong time and in the wrong place—it can occur in an electric chair. For example.
But according to certain people who claim to be in the know, there is indeed a purpose behind this convoluted and ongoing biological recycling exercise. They do not, however, say what it is—and going to a church is not going to enlighten you either. A church, according to my friend Steve, is merely a place where peculiarly robed persons who have never been to heaven stand up and boast about it to people who will never get there.
Anyway, be all of that as it may, and without fear of repeating myself yet again—joke—it was just one of those ordinary days.
* * * * *
It was about 10 a.m. on a warm spring morning, and it was a Friday, and I was feeling pretty good, tooling my way across a corner of Green Park en route from my hotel to one of my breakfast haunts. The trees were showing plenty of green already, the birds were singing, the park was humming with people going to wherever people go to, and with a cup of coffee and my newspaper coming up, the world was great and perfectly in order.
As much as it can be, needless to say. Today, among other things, 150,000 human beings are already involved in performing one of our planet's forced daily activities, namely dying.
I went down the pedestrian subway and up again on the other side, and I swung right into Half Moon Street. There are other Half Moon Streets in England, and for all I know maybe elsewhere as well, but we're talking the central London one here. I turned out of Half Moon Street and into Curzon Street, strolled along to the café and settled myself down at a small outdoor table.
All tables in England are small. It's annoying.
Perhaps it's because the country is obscenely overpopulated and space is at a premium. As you probably know, in 2013 England overtook Holland to become Europe's most densely populated nation, with nearly 400 inhabitants per km2. In fact England is now one of the most densely populated countries in the world. A bit different to, say, Namibia, which has a population density of a mere 2.6 per km2 and a land area over three times that of England,.
Of course, 70% of England's population growth in recent years has been due to immigration. Which reminds me of my friend Steve's thoughts on the matter.
The birdbrains—my friend Steve's charming sobriquet for politicians—running the U.K. have an immigration policy which places no restrictions at all and no limits of any kind on the numbers of qualifying migrants they have to accept. The few intelligent politicians (such as Enoch Powell in the middle of the last century) who explained what simple mathematical extrapolation is, and what the results of that would be, were first ignored and then ostracized. Well done guys! Three cheers! All and any of our critics are racists! Down the hatch chaps, Bangladesh here we come! Carry on, what?!
It's the same in the USA. Last year, fewer white babies were born than in non-white ethnic groups. And the white populations in Texas and California are already a minority. The discussion here is not about immigration, nor even about educated immigration versus ignorant, non-educated and therefore unproductive and expensive immigration. The discussion is about restricting immigration in general so that you can keep the erosion of your own culture and your own standards to a reasonable level. And which does not, naturally, prevent any of us from continuing to assist as many people as we wish back in their native countries.
Or maybe the English have another, more obscure reason for their tiny and uncomfortable tables and chairs. Who knows?
My newspaper was not one of those hideous British tabloids but the IHT—the International Herald Tribune. Some newly promoted manager there has recently used his or her superior brain power to change the paper's name to the International New York Times, presumably in the belief that consequently more Americans will buy it—in order to do what? Read cricket reports? Or perhaps more non-Americans—in order to read about baseball? Or maybe he or she merely believes that more New Yorkers will buy it. Or perhaps more non-New Yorkers or more ex-New Yorkers who want to read more about what's going on in New York?
This is an international newspaper, no matter who owns it, and it always has been since being founded in 1887 under the name Paris Herald, later changed to the IHT. Decades of international tradition including both World Wars, Art Buchwald and his eternal 'Le Jour de Merci Donnant', and so on and so forth. Nowadays the newspaper is based in Courbevoie near Paris and is printed in nearly 40 countries and is on sale in about 160. Of course, a large number of New Yorkers won't even know where a lot of these countries are.
And the newspaper's price is now around $4. Can you imagine that, paying over $1,200 per year for your daily newspaper? Nevertheless, and just like the politicians, these guys usually create a committee to agree to their decisions and are therefore not individually responsible for anything (other than supervising committees). Which means that I have to withdraw my superior brain remarks, which will also allow you to nullify any related interpretations you may have derived from them.
The coffee and croissants arrived and I flipped through the international news pages. Conflict deaths in five different countries (the good old human race), three terrorist suicide bombings (the good old human race), debt crises everywhere (the good old human race), and I was about to start on the important section—the sports section—when a shadow fell across my table.
As you know, this is what shadows tend to do when somebody or something places itself between you and your light-source. I looked up in order to identify the origin. There was a man standing there. Next to my table. He was just standing there, looking at me. And there were other tables free.
Now let me tell you, my first reaction in such a situation is to wonder whether this is just another of the many simple weirdos to be found on this planet, or perhaps one of those people whose pleasure it is in life to cause mild annoyance a few times a day, or whether he might even in fact be a homosexual on the hunt, they´re all over the place these days, and more and more of them with every passing year, let me tell you.
It reminds me of a short story I read ages ago, in which homosexuality had become the norm (if you are of the Christian persuasion, you would have to imagine that God had created Adam and Bruce) and the heterosexuals were hounded by the authorities and only able to meet in dark, dingy bars late at night, with half of them disguising themselves as members of the opposite sex.
I do not detest homosexuals. Not at all. Why should I? In fact many of them—but certainly not all, don't get me wrong—appear to be perfectly agreeable people whose effeminate and ghastly body language also tends to frequently attract the platonic adoration of heterosexual females for reasons we don't need to go into here. And although I certainly don't detest them, I don't pretend to particularly like them either. Let us just say that I prefer them to keep well away from my personal space and I promise faithfully to do the same in reverse. I actually feel sorry for them, as I do for a lot of things in this world of ours. I am not in the slightest bit interested in what they do with each other or, before I am corrected, to each other, nor do I wish to imagine it thank you very much. Believe me, they can just get on with it as far as I am concerned. They are simply aberrations of nature, such aberrations not being restricted solely to the human animal either. But it's not their fault, is how I look at it, they can't do anything about it, and nor can I, and consequently it doesn't worry me in the slightest. I never worry or become emotional for very long about things I can´t change. No point. On the other hand, hopefully that short story hypothesis will remain what it was: a hypothesis.
Nevertheless, and as I have mentioned, I was in a good mood, and so I merely raised a polite eyebrow to my silent observer, upon which he gave me a reasonably acceptable smile in return.
"Excuse me sir," he said, "I am indeed sorry to trouble you, but I wonder if I may take up a moment of your time? I am conducting a survey and it really need only take about two minutes. A maximum of two minutes I assure you, I can guarantee you that. Or should I perhaps return in a short while, after you have finished your breakfast?"
He sounded normal, he sounded educated—not something you can take for granted in the U.K. these days—and I liked the guarantee of the two minutes, something rarely offered by most of the poor sods taking surveys. And anyway, it would be interesting to find out if he was telling the truth about the two minutes or not. A morsel of psychological entertainment on a sunny morning, why not?
He was dressed fairly formally and, it seemed to me, expensively. Dark blue overcoat, dark blue suit, black shoes, looked new, white shirt and a yellow tie you wouldn't find in one of your department stores for the masses. Early forties I would guess, a somewhat roundish face but not too fleshy, short blond hair, not fat, not thin, fairly tall, about six feet, i.e. a few inches smaller than myself, all in all an optically presentable kind of chap.
"No, it's fine, it's no problem," I said pleasantly. I am usually pleasant of course, there is no point in being otherwise. In fact you would usually describe me as a seriously pleasant person, unless you happened to be around when I was forced to react to an unpleasant one.
"Take a pew and fire away, dear sir. My pleasure," I said. I didn't offer him coffee, not much point in doing that for just two minutes, I am sure you agree.
He sat down, awkwardly of course, hampered as all tall people are, and a lot of short people also, by the smallness of the British tables and chairs, but he sat sideways to avoid bashing his knees against mine (aha, definitely educated), which otherwise would have meant that I would have had to shift sideways; I can't stand unwanted physical contact with others, not even if I know them—good looking females, needless to say, being the exception to the rule, whether I know them or not.
"Well, sir, I thank you for your courtesy," he said. "Now this survey is merely an initial contact with just one question, one single question, which is as follows. Would you possibly, I emphasize possibly, be prepared, I emphasize be prepared, to consider, and I emphasize consider also, undertaking a project for my organization, one hundred percent legal and to your satisfaction provably so, a consultancy role involving little or no active endeavor on your part, an estimated duration of three months, perhaps even less, paying a fee of €500,000, of which €100,000 in advance and non-returnable, irrespective of the usefulness of your contribution and/or even if you were to resign from the task prematurely? You may resign overnight by the way, without giving reason, and from our side, there is no requirement for a contract, either verbal or written. And as I have mentioned, you would get to keep the €100,000."
All of this was spoken in a rush, perhaps because of the two minutes he´d quoted, and he leaned back in his tiny chair and looked at me carefully, as if trying to calculate what effect his ludicrous and impossible query might have had on me.
As well he might. I really don't need my pleasant mornings to be messed about by being forced into conversations with nutcases or criminal fraudsters, whichever of the two he turned out to be. And so I just stared at him—I´m quite good at staring—while considering the most effective and at the same time least offensive manner in which to reply and get rid of him while avoiding unpleasantness on the one hand, and allowing me to rapidly return to my sports pages on the other. No more wasting of my personal time on this fine sunny morning. No sir, this would go no further. That could result in my good mood mutating into a peevish one. And we wouldn't want that.
"If I may be so bold, we only have another thirty seconds or so, sir," he said, sounding for all the world like a normal, pleasant business person mentioning the need to reach a decision before an agreed contract deadline.
May God, Mohammed, Buddha, Krishna, Thor or whatever your preference is, or whatever you were brainwashed into believing as a child, spare me. I should simply have said 'No', but I was desirous of saying 'No' in a way that would be fully understood, supporting my negative in other words, with a concise, clear and descriptive rationality which would allow no further room for discussion, nor for his continued presence at my breakfast table.
Which, if you look at it one way, was a mistake which involved me in a pretty weird series of events over the next few weeks, including an unwanted acquaintance with some rather obscure representatives of our national security forces. But if you look at it another way, it wasn't a mistake. Money is rarely a mistake and, as it turned out, I was to receive quite a lot of it. Sophie Tucker was the one who paraphrased it best. I've been rich, she said, and I've been poor; and let me tell you…rich is better.
It just goes to show, life is an ocean and its waves are sometimes quiet and languid and gentle, and sometimes they are huge and noisy and life-threatening, and these waves can take you to just about wherever they want to take you and the only thing you can do about it is to learn how to swim in all the varying conditions because, like all animals, you don't want to sink, drown, perish before your time. Do you?
"Let's forget about the two minutes," I told him, "three minutes is O.K. by me and my answer is 'No' and I'll tell you why. I mean this politely, I have no wish to cause trouble, I have no wish to insult you in any way, believe me on that, but I would like to terminate our brief encounter without further ado and that is hopefully O.K. with you? You are obviously not in a position to know whether I am a person of normal intelligence or not but, as it so happens, I am, believe me on that, and as such, I can tell you that in my opinion your offer is either an illegal one or a failed attempt at a not very good joke. Or else you are insane, again no offence intended. In my opinion, that is, right or wrong. But as my opinion happens to be the only one I have, it is, regrettably or otherwise from your point of view, the only one that counts. And so…with apologies for repeating myself, the answer is no, and thank you very much. Have a nice day."
You will forgive my use of the latter phrase. It is an American expression converted unintentionally into the imperative by omitting the admittedly superfluous 'I hope you will'. If you have been to the USA, you are certainly acquainted with the expression, on account of having to listen to it a few thousand times each and every day. But it definitely serves a purpose and I certainly employ it from time to time.
"Well now, I am also," said the stranger, "a man of normal intelligence. And I was consequently expecting your reply to be more or less exactly as it was, despite the fact that my question was merely whether you would consider, or rather, merely possibly consider. But of course, I would not be so discourteous as to try and persuade you otherwise. I naturally accept your answer, and I accept it as a definitive one. Nevertheless, and on the small chance that you could possibly change your mind, may I take the liberty of leaving you with my business card? And I hope that you will accept my apologies for having taken a portion of your time, and—please believe me—if I do not hear from you again, you will definitively not be hearing from me, I absolutely guarantee you that. In the meantime, my sincere apologies, and may you also have a nice day or, perhaps," and I could swear his eyes were twinkling—a ridiculous phrase, but it serves to portray a certain facial expression—"a nice life."
And with that he stood up, smiled politely with his round and pleasant face, and walked away.
* * * * *
Well, for a nutcase, he certainly wasn't a troublesome one. So much the better. I ordered another coffee and got back to the sports pages. God knows what footballers or—if you are an American and have difficulty distinguishing between hands and feet—soccer players, think of some of the crap that the British tabloid journalists churn out every day. I read an article by chance the other day in a machine operator's newspaper in the factory. A player had been asked whether he would be renewing his contract with Manchester City at the end of the season and he had replied that he didn't know. And maybe he didn't, maybe the club hadn't even discussed it with him yet, maybe it had not even determined what conditions, if any, it might be prepared to offer him, or whatever. A thousand reasons, the guy just didn't know. And the headline was, yes, you guessed it: 'Rodriguez Denies Contract Renewal Talks—The End?' followed by a fabricated article adding absolutely nothing else. This stuff is written by mentally backward persons for consumption by persons with the mental capacity of a dying snail, of which, as we know, there are a large number on this planet, very large in fact.
The IHT on the other hand is an interesting journal, it has real sports articles written by journalists with a literary education and it is more international to boot. I checked the mid-week European results, I checked the current English league table, I briefly perused the text devoted to what had actually happened in yesterday's games, and then I leaned back—metaphorically so, given the chair I was sitting in—and I lit up a cigarette (please don't say it, you would bore me and while we´re about it, allow me to tell you I have plenty of other defects as well) and picked up the nutcase's visiting card.

Typical. Not only a fraudster but an amateur one. It doesn't tell you what they do, the address is obviously temporary office space and, oh dear me, a mobile phone number. How pathetic. But no doubt he picks up a customer here or there, there are always enough simpletons to be found on this planet and there always will be. Let me tell you, this planet contains a sizeable percentage of human beings with severely limited cerebral capabilities, no change century after century, today and tomorrow, being born right now as you and I drink our coffee. Believe me, my estimate is a pretty good one, 10% intelligent, 50% neither intelligent nor stupid, or intelligent only in certain ways and therefore not intelligent, and 40% stupid, thick as two planks. Not their fault, they don't make their own brains, they´re just born the way they are, you can see the differences already when they´re young, just walk into any old school and take a good look, ask a teacher. All walks of life, good lawyers and lousy ones, productive factory workers and useless ones, good politicians and brainless liars and wafflers, you name it. The same percentages all through, more or less.
You know those bars, cafés, restaurants where you can´t pay, no matter how much you try, and it can take you up to half an hour sometimes? That´s because the waiters or waitresses are morons or at least semi-morons. I don't mean that nastily—as I´ve just mentioned, they don't manufacture their own brains—I am just factually employing the word as per the dictionary. They never come near your table, and when they appear somewhere else, they never look at you and so you can't attract their attention—unless you choose to shout across the intervening space in Mediterranean fashion, upon which they become haughtily offended and disappear again. They are unable to grasp the fact that someone may be wishing to leave and that it is their job to facilitate this. They have no idea whatsoever of how long that person has been trying to leave. Their brains tell them it's only been a minute or so and if the customer isn't prepared to behave normally and politely and wait for as long as it he, the waiter, feels like, then he'll be treated as he deserves. Morons, as I say, as per the dictionary.
But such is life. These things do not seriously disturb me. They are the flotsam and jetsam of our existence. They are not to be avoided but they cause no serious harm. And if I have a habit of making observations to myself on such matters…well, they cause no harm either.
So I just left some money on the table (no tip for a service not received), and not my problem if another human being steals it. Not that this type of waiter would care less if someone did. I stood up and headed off westwards down Curzon Street.
I was still in a good mood, the sun was still shining, I had only about an hour's meeting to deal with, the weekend was coming up and life was definitely pleasant—pleasant, needless to say, within the restrictions prevailing on our particular revolving lump of rock.
So…right into South Audley Street, a couple of minutes up the road, into the office building, up to the third floor (or fourth, if you are American), and into the offices of United Fasteners PLC, and a real grin for that swish, swish receptionist with the crooked smile.
"Hi Susi, TGIF right? Need company for the weekend, platonic of course, boyfriend maybe on a foreign business trip, just let me know." Chuckle, chuckle, keep it light, just a joke, just in case.
It pays to remain excessively polite with women you don't really know—most of them appreciate that, you are showing respect, it shows you are an educated male, maybe you even have true emotions in addition to your sexual ones. And in any case, as a consultant, you need to make sure you carefully toe the line to avoid unwanted situations with the client's employees, especially the female ones needless to say. It reminds me of one of my early trips to the U.S. when I greeted the boss's secretary with "Hi Cherry, you're looking dangerously fantastic this morning. How do you do it?" "Peter, do not," she replied in a whisper, "say things like that in such a loud voice. You may be European, but that doesn't change the fact that just about anything you say around here is capable of getting you into serious trouble for perceived sexual harassment." So I turned a few cubicle rats' heads when I shouted, "I meant your brain, Cherry, I meant that your brain is looking dangerously fantastic this morning." They can't put me in jail for that now, can they? Or can they? The way things are on this planet nowadays, you never really know.
"You wish…" said Susi, "but perhaps another time, and in any case the question would need to be put in a more charming manner." A smile, the crooked smile. "And, Peter, I did ask you a few weeks ago to please call me Susanne, I don't like Susi."
But with another smile, oh yes, another smile, crooked and wicked. An offer if there ever was one. There are smiles and there are smiles and I am gifted, as indeed some of us are, at telling the difference. Usually, that is to say; if we want to be truthful, and we do, I have made a couple of mistakes here and there. But no doubt about this smile, enough to put my neurons off their stroke, send them into a minor frenzy. A minor sexual frenzy if you insist on my being explicit. But these are the things which make life worth living on this planet, believe you me. I once had a friend who asked me what was the second-best thing in life. I dutifully replied "dunno" and he said, "Undressing a new girlfriend for the very first time." "Well," I replied, dutifully again, "come to think of it, maybe you're right at that, in fact you probably are. Difficult to think of anything to top that, have to admit. So," I proceeded to ask, also dutifully, "and what is the first-best?". "My dear, dear Watson," he replied with a smirk, "thinking about doing it before you're allowed to. The one and only truly unbeatable sensation in life. The absolutely supreme and unsurpassable emotion available to man. Think about it."
But I am digressing.
"O.K. Susi, it's Susanne next time. Promise." A wink, on down the hall and into the office I've been given to use whenever I'm here. No way, I reminded myself, do not try it on with a headquarters employee. At least, not until the project is over and done with. And then perhaps she might become one of what my friend Steve refers to as 'blinking red lights', a few of which I have flashing away here and there around Europe, although not as many as Steve.
I should explain that I was at the headquarters of the company which had hired me to get rid of the losses at one of its manufacturing subsidiaries in Slough, a few kilometers west on the M4. I occasionally turn up here in London to give a presentation on what I've been doing, what effects are being achieved and what the outlook is. I've done four months already and things have gone fast, the company is already profitable and, believe me, it is profitable on a permanent basis and there is more to come on top of that. Not that I am a genius. I just happen to be good. Very good, and no apologies for saying so. And if one were to insist, I would have to say yes, there are also plenty of things I am not good at, I am happy to keep the record straight.
In any case, things can only go this fast when you have a very badly managed company, one with major problems that are easy to identify and when those problems, or at least some of them, can be easily and rapidly dealt with. Quick fixes, low-lying fruit, there is plenty of jargon for this. And such was the situation here. It is always a pleasant surprise to find a company like this, not that I tell it to the people who have hired me of course. And as for bad management, I never talk about that either unless pointedly asked to—and sometimes not even then—because, after all, you never know who is friends with whom in this world.
The office was small and fairly ordinary, but it had everything I needed and in any case I am not one of those persons who require luxury or status symbols. I saw the note on the desk as soon as I walked in and I picked it up. TODAY'S MEETING POSTPONED UNTIL A WEEK ON MONDAY AT 9 A.M. APOLOGIES. ROGER CALLED AWAY AT SHORT NOTICE. COULDN'T CATCH YOU ON YOUR MOBILE. SEE YOU THEN. HAVE A GOOD WEEKEND, GEOFF.
Roger was the Group CEO, Geoff the Group V.P. Finance. Friday, nice weather, Roger probably called away at short notice to his golf course down in Surrey. Actually, not fair, no proof, maybe he's got his nose hard to the grindstone somewhere else, what do I know?
You'll note the first names. Thank God, if you'll forgive the expression, that I am not back on my previous assignment, a bottling machine manufacturer in Stuttgart. Six months of Herr this and Frau that and please use the formal Sie version of you, Du would be far too familiar, and please don't forget to address Herr Karrenbauer as Herr Doktor Karrenbauer, thank you. They revel in their doctor titles over there, believe me, a bit like the old English army majors still insisting on being called Major long after they've been returned to civilian life. And some of the German docs have studied for so long that they have two Doktor titles and are quickly fitting in a modicum of work before having to retire. Then you are supposed to say "Guten Morgen, Herr Doktor Doktor von Leyendecker". And before you correct me on the "Morgen", let me point out that all of their nouns start with a capital letter—there must be a reason for that but I've no idea what it is. And some people have sat at adjoining office desks for over twenty years and still address each other as Herr this or Frau that. Amazing. Different culture. No problem; respect it, don't have to enjoy it.
So…no meeting. What a pity, I'll be paid my full day's rate for doing nothing—not that my work schedule will show that of course, it will show hours of analytical work back at the hotel—and nothing to do except turn up at the factory again on Monday morning. Life can be hard and difficult. Even so, I would have liked to learn for how long they wanted me to continue. On the one hand it's easy money for me now, just implementing what is still pending, and on the other hand there is the possibility of another project for me down in Spain and if that materializes, I'll need to be able to tell the Spaniards when I can start.
I sat down, fished in my pocket for the cigarettes, still an indoors habit after all these years, but wait till I get downstairs, yes they'll be banning it in the streets before we know it but not just yet, and I came across the visiting card. I pulled it out. A superior quality material at least, fine-woven and fairly stiff to the touch. A nice card, it helps to pull in one or two of the more brain-damaged punters no doubt. Or jellyfish, as my friend Steve would say (a jellyfish being one of the few creatures on this planet which does not possess a brain). But it would do nothing to entice people with a certain amount of intelligence. Such as myself. No sir.
No sir. No way. On the other hand….come to think of it—and it's a habit of mine to consider all possibilities, including off-the-wall ones, before rejecting them, makes me a good consultant—come to think of it, it could possibly be an amusing little event, another of life's minor anecdotes floating by on an undulating ocean wave, it would make a good bar tale and a true one as well.
And it would be fascinating to hear his ploy for getting out of the €100,000 promise, several possible versions come to mind. So….come to think of it again, why wouldn't I call and agree to a meeting? I've got the time, life's little adventures keep you fit, and why throw away a piece of fun when fun is what life is all about? Some of the time anyway.
I took hold of my mobile and dialed.
"Jeremy Parker speaking. How may I help you?"
"Hi Mr. Parker, it's me, we met a short while ago in Curzon Street. I'm curious, I have changed my mind, I would be happy for us to meet."
"Ah, well, that's good to hear, indeed it is, yes. And I am sure you will find it interesting, if nothing else. If Saturdays are not inconvenient to you, we could meet tomorrow, at my office perhaps, say after lunch, would 2 o'clock be suitable?"
"That will be fine, Mr. Parker. I'll be there. I look forward to meeting you again. Would you like me to bring anything with me, a résumé or whatever?"
"Actually, your C.V. would not be a bad idea. Thank you. Tomorrow at two o'clock then?"
"Indeed. See you then. Bye."
I'm looking forward to the bit of fun tomorrow. Maybe a waste of time but what the hell, it won't take long. Back down the corridor, "Hey, Susi—sorry, Susanne—have a great weekend, got to rush, have an appointment, take care." Down in the elevator, out into the road, smoked a cigarette and then caught a cab in Curzon Street.
I asked the driver to take me to the Royal Strand Towers. I just wanted to check out its exact whereabouts, It's bad to arrive late for anything and knowing where the location is in advance gets rid of one of the risks. The building turned out to be just past the Aldwych turnoff. Fine. The sun was still shining away, the sky was still blue, a pleasant short walk in the Covent Garden direction, into Tavistock Street, through the peeling doorway and up the creaky stairs and into the 'En Passant'.
* * * * *
The 'En Passant' is a strange place, pretty run down, not very clean. I suppose you would have to call it a chess and bridge café, I've never seen any other type of customer there, not even a homosexual on the prowl. Open 24 hours, burgers and sandwiches, coffee and coke available. I walked past the bridge tables to the chess section at the back. A dozen tables, all laid out with a chess set and a chess clock, about half of them in use at this time in the afternoon.
You can only find an opponent here if you are prepared to play for money which, unlike prize-money tournaments, means betting cash on each game. Most of the regulars have an appearance as dilapidated as the place itself, worn-out clothes, scuffed shoes, uncombed hair, and some of them not smelling too good either. That's because most of them are out of work, adroit specialists in the serious profession of welfare state manipulation—any system created by elected birdbrains is full of holes of course—with plenty of time to play chess each and every day for the rest of their lives if they wish, financed by the poor British tax-paying creatures. And many are immigrants, mainly from Eastern Europe, and most of them are also receiving unemployment benefits, or at least they look as if they are.
But, make no mistake, these are all good chess players, some very good in fact, and there is a sprinkling of masters among them; national masters that is, not international masters or grandmasters, you wouldn't find them in a place like this, they scrape their living playing for teams in the major European leagues and on the international tournament circuit. So the guys that are here are here to earn additional cash, tax-free like the rest of their income. They never play among themselves, except for a bit of Blitz when bored. They are after the punters, very often businessmen who think they can play good chess but can't, weak club-level players at best who dream of one day beating an experienced opponent or two. Which they never do and never will. But they keep coming back, each time they put it down to bad luck or to an obviously weak move made at some point in their game, and it usually takes them a long time, years, before they eventually wake up to the fact that they're never going to make it.
I am also a punter, but one who earns some petty cash here from time to time. I turn up occasionally when finding myself at a loose end in London. I am not a master but I am a strong club player and I have an international Elo ranking of 2265.
Chess is the only game I know of where no luck is involved. It starts off exactly the same every time. There are 72,000 possible positions after two moves, 9 million possible positions after three moves, and 300 billion after four moves—I use the Short Scale version of the term billion, it`s a word the Americans have raped but one has to admit that it's easier than saying one thousand million—and the number of possible positions in an average-length game of 40 moves is more than all of the quarks in the universe. Yes, quarks, those things which neutrons and protons are made up of and which, in turn, are the components of atoms, except hydrogen atoms of course which have no neutrons, and so we are talking a big number here. And if you find it difficult to believe any of these chess statistics, you can probably check them out nowadays on the Internet.
When I saw that the only person not playing was Ivanovic, I was not disheartened. On the contrary, you can only really enjoy chess when playing an opponent as strong as, or stronger than, yourself and Ivanovic was a master. Not quite as good as he used to be, certainly, but you never lose your master title. Ivanovic had definitely come down heavily in life and he looked it. He was a miserable kind of guy, one of those who hate other people, who hate the world and, in many cases, hate themselves as well. He virtually lived in the En Passant, and he had the pasty white skin to show for it, and he did nothing, but absolutely nothing, except play chess. For money.
"Hi," I said, "wanting a game?"
"Only playing full games today," he mumbled back in thick-accented English, "two hours on the clock, £100."
For my café chess I prefer Blitz, five minutes per game for £5 a game, but full-length makes for better chess and would probably give me at least a reasonable chance against him. Mind you, £100 was a bit steep, but who cares? "O.K.," I said, "I've got the time. Start right away?"
He didn't say anything, merely nodded in a disinterested and bored manner, sat down, set both clocks, and tossed a coin. I lost and so I had the black pieces. A disadvantage but not a fatal one of course; however, as Black, you do have an initial task, which is to strive to achieve equality as soon as possible. Ivanovic started with e4 and I chose the Sicilian Defence, it suits my character, it's adventurous, it provokes the production of adrenalin. In this opening, Black can be subjected to persistent kingside pressures—which can reach hurricane proportions if not defended with great care—while at the same time he obtains plenty of tactical opportunities of his own for counterattacking on the queenside.
To cut a long story short, the game followed one of the various lines of the Scheveningen System, a common Sicilian variation, and on the nineteenth turn I made a somewhat weak knight move, allowing White to gain some positional advantage. And that was all Ivanovic needed, he kept up the pressure and after spending another hour sliding down into a losing game, and knowing it, I resigned. No point in continuing, two pawns down and absolutely no compensation of any kind.
Chess is unquestionably a good character-trainer. You can be in an inferior position for a prolonged period of time before it turns into a losing one and you can be in a losing position for another long period of time before it becomes a lost one. As my father and plenty of others used to say, losing is part of your education and is good for the soul. Whatever a soul is, I haven't a clue, perhaps you know.
And before you ask, we chess players have nothing to do with those ghastly characters in novels who capture one, two, or even more of their opponent's pieces and then are actually allowed to continue until they checkmate him, upon which the opponent topples his king down onto the board. I will permit myself to say that such characters and their authors produce in me a strong desire to vomit, profusely indeed.
I handed him the money, wished him a good day, accepted his grunt in return and went down the stairs and out into the fresh air.
Fresh air, but the sun was gone and the rain was here. No umbrella, should have known better, welcome to England. I ran around the corner to a steakhouse, ordered a meal, steak well-done (I know, I know, but that's how I like it). The wine was good, a simple Côtes du Rhône, I always order that if not wanting to spend too much, it is one of those rare wine-growing areas that seldom produce a bad bottle. It was dark when I came out of the restaurant and it was still raining, but I got lucky and found a cab to take me back to the hotel. I was no longer hungry, but I was tired. I had worked a lot of hours this week and today's four hours of chessboard concentration plus the wine had not changed things much.
Into the hotel, checked the foyer for women on the way through, uninteresting, only one nice one sitting there with her husband (actually, it had to be her boyfriend, married people don't look at each other like that) and two other old ones painted up like red Indian squaws gone berserk.
I decided to give the hotel bar a miss. An early night was called for. Up to my room, teeth, shower, and into bed with my book of the day, a collection of James M. Cain's legendary novels. I managed to finish one of the short ones, 'The Postman Always Rings Twice', before falling asleep.

DAY 2
The room service trolleys and other miscellaneous hotel noise pollution woke me at the fairly reasonable Saturday morning hour of 08.30. Nothing to do, no work, a piece of fun awaiting me in the early afternoon, and I would decide on the evening later. So I languished in bed for a while before getting up and commencing the shit, shave and shower routine.
I looked out of the window, still raining, either that or raining again. I decided that the brown-check jacket and casual shirt would be good for the so-called meeting, brown slip-on shoes, relatively new like all my shoes and, also like all my shoes, size 48 or size 13 depending on where you come from in Europe, and possibly something else in the USA.
Why can't the human race standardize something as simple as that? Well, the answer is that it can't. That would not only require a certain modicum of intelligence, it would also mean they would have to actually agree on something, a rarity on this disordered planet as I am sure you agree. We can't even assent to driving our cars on the same side of the road. As you probably know, there are 72 countries in which you drive on the left and 125 countries in which you drive on the right. Tribal behavior. Amazing.
I had my favorite breakfast of poached eggs on toast, more toast with butter and Chivers orange marmalade, and a cup of coffee, great stuff at this hotel, Lavazza. I finished at around eleven o'clock and went back to my room to collect the umbrella and fish out one of the copies of my résumé, always have a couple of pre-printed copies with me when travelling, you never know. I took the elevator back down, lit up a cigarette and set off in the direction of St. James's Street.
Now that I had my umbrella, the rain had stopped. So much the better, I would walk the whole way. I turned into Pall Mall, walked along past the clubs to the end, past Trafalgar Square, Nelson's Column, bought the IHT at the Charing Cross kiosk and found a nearby café in which to read it. Only two major bombings today, thirty dead, add to that the deaths in seven other minor wars which continue to pursue their diversified and mysterious goals, more vehement anti-Jewish threats from Iran and so on and so forth, and it's still boring. Such is our planet and it certainly doesn't bother me, there is absolutely nothing I can do about it.
The coffee in this place was American-style revolting, colored dishwater, so I finished the sports section without ordering a second cup, paid the waitress who had mistakenly sauntered into my area en route to the toilet, and, unhindered today by any additional survey-takers, I lit up another cigarette and set off along the Strand, so named, by the way, because it used to border on the river Thames until we cemented everything up.
I arrived at the Towers with fifteen minutes to spare and wandered around for a while before entering the building, it being just as bad to be more than a couple of minutes early as it is to arrive late. The ground floor reception area was unmanned today, and so I just took the elevator up to the Obrix Consultants' suite on the first floor, and pressed the buzzer.
Jeremy Parker himself opened the door.
"No staff today, I'm afraid," he said, same pleasant round face, same pleasant smile, "come in, come in. I'm glad you could make it. Let's go through to the meeting room."
He was dressed as formally as he was yesterday, suit and tie, blue tie today. He was obviously taking this thing seriously. He led me past an expensive looking reception desk and down a corridor, pristine white walls, office doors opening off it, also white walls, white furniture too, laptops and papers on the desks, lots of files, it certainly looked as if there was plenty of activity during the week.
He showed me through a double door into what was a relatively large meeting room with a boardroom table, eight well-spaced leather chairs on each side of it plus one at each end, a presentation screen and the other paraphernalia you expect to find in a meeting room. The walls and the furniture in this room were also white. It looked good, Jeremy certainly had a taste for style. Or maybe he had merely retained a liking for the white walls of his room at some psychiatric institution or other. Water, soft drinks and glasses stood on a table in one corner. The view was not great, it was the building opposite, but there was plenty of light.
All in all a pleasant room, a room generating confidence and seriousness for the sacrificial victims of whatever frauds were put into motion here. And if he wasn't insane, then frauds it must be, because surroundings such as these precluded the option of it being a bad joke.
Jeremy motioned me to take a chair at the head of the table, and himself took a chair at the side, leaving one chair empty between us. Good practice, I thought to myself, we are not directly facing each other, which can be viewed by some as being somewhat confrontational, nor are we sitting side by side, which I don't like anyway, need my space.
"Drink?" he asked, "I can make some coffee if you prefer."
"No thanks, Mr. Parker, water will be fine."
He fetched a large bottle and two glasses and I handed him my résumé, which, in my view, he read pretty quickly. Maybe he was a speed reader, why not?
"So, Mr. O'Donaghue…first of all, thank you for coming. You will, I believe, be more than happy when I explain to you how easily you are going to be able to earn your fee, the fee I mentioned to you yesterday. But there is one major problem I have to deal with. It's my problem, not yours, you don't have anything to worry about from your end. The problem, to put it frankly, is that I haven't the faintest idea as to whether or not I will be able to convince you to take on the assignment. You will see what I mean when I start to explain things, and I may as well start by trying to do that right now."
"Please do," I smiled, "I have a reasonably open mind, I can assure you."
"Ah," replied Jeremy, "and precisely that is what worries me. You are going to find that reasonableness and rationality are in extremely short supply here. However, there is no doubt that I need your services, no doubt about that at all. And as we briefly mentioned yesterday, we are both reasonably intelligent people, and it is therefore perfectly clear to me that you consider me to be either insane or to be attempting some kind of fraud here. If you thought any differently you would either be stupid yourself or at best only mildly intelligent, and I do not believe you belong to either of those categories."
He paused and looked me straight in the eye. I looked straight back. I am not one of those people who feel they have a need or an obligation to fill in conversation gaps.
"You are therefore here for the money," he continued. "So what I have decided to do, I have decided to transfer the €100,000 I mentioned yesterday to your bank right now and, as I also mentioned, you get to keep it, no matter what. This is a risk for me, a gamble, but one I can afford to take. There are no conditions attached, but I hope it will keep you here for what to you, no doubt whatsoever, will seem to be a meeting with a fraudulent or, alternatively, totally deranged person. Initially, that is, as I shall at least be making the attempt to convince you otherwise before you leave here today. If you would kindly let me have your international bank account number, I'll fix the payment now."
Oh man, is he weird. Demented. Fully deranged. Maybe dangerously insane, you never know with these people.
But he doesn't look it and he doesn't sound it, he might be one of those easy-going kinds of lunatic. But, like many lunatics, he is not stupid. He realizes I think it's a fraud and he is preempting my reaction to whatever weird argumentations he has up his sleeve by telling me that I might also think he's deranged. So, he's not stupid, but he's not particularly intelligent either, he should know that it is unlikely that any of this is going to wash with a person of normal intelligence. But….now this is real fun, and sure I'm going to stay and hear what his crazy or dishonest scheme is, and then I'm going to check my bank account in a couple of days' time. The money won't be there of course but…I am a member of the human species, so I will be checking the account.
I gave him the information and he took a laptop from one of the cupboards and tapped away on it. When he was finished, he looked up and said, "I would appreciate your sending me an invoice in due course. Please bill Obrix Consultancy Partners at this address, simply describe the charge as 'consultancy services provided' for whatever period of time you deem to be proper and acceptable. In view of the remainder still to be paid, should you decide to continue, you may perhaps wish to have this first invoice cover a prior year period. For tax purposes. Instead of having it all in one year, you understand. Up to you, of course."
"Sure…fine…, Mr. Parker," I said, "Good idea. Judicious." Play the game, enjoy it. There won't be any money and there won't be any invoice, but no problem.
"O.K….I'm hoping for your patience now," he said. "You really aren't going to believe a word of what I say….impossible I would think….although, as I've said, I hope that you will by the time we part company today. First of all, let me tell you that I own this company and all its subsidiaries. What they do is unimportant, but I would be happy to explain them to you on another occasion, should you be interested. At the same time, I am a student. I am performing research for my doctorate. I have to write a dissertation. And part of the research for the dissertation is required to be supported by interviewee input. And this, hopefully, is where you will be able to be of some considerable assistance to me."
"Exactly what will I be doing? That is a large amount of money you're offering, Mr. Parker, you know." Play the game, play the game.
"Yes, I do know. And as I obliquely indicated to you yesterday, you don't have to do that much to earn it. In fact, all you have to do is answer certain questions I will be putting to you in a series of meetings over the next three months—perhaps even less than three months depending on how we progress. A maximum of twelve meetings, perhaps fewer. That is all. Nothing else."
"So why pay such a large amount? You could get someone else for a fraction of that kind of money, no problem."
"Yes, I know I could. Obviously. But only if the subject of the thesis were a normal one. Which it isn't. And I also have a need for a person of a certain level of intelligence, a requirement you appear to fulfill by the way. At the same time, the problem with a person of a certain level of intelligence is that he will be convinced there is something fraudulent about this whole scenario. Not that he would be able to determine what, or how, or in which way, but he would definitely be of that opinion. And, in addition, he could also classify me as a person being in dire need of psychiatric assistance."
Repeating himself. Boring. And no way is it going to increase his chances of reeling me in to whatever scheme this is.
"And," he continued, "even if he started—after all, the chance of another €400,000 without a risk is not to be sniffed at—it is less than likely that he would continue for the whole program unless….unless, that is….the sum of money waiting for him at the end were large enough to constitute an adequate enticement."
"Well Mr. Parker, that obviously provokes my next question. May I know the subject of your thesis, and could you please elaborate as to why it is apparently so crazy that you are prepared to pay a small fortune for what sounds like some relatively simple assistance?"
He took a sip of water, paused for a moment, and said "The subject of my thesis is the Earth. The planet. This planet."
"Well…O.K…but I still don't understand. I mean, exactly what is the overall subject involved, what academic area are you working in, which university are you attending, what is the big mystery in all of this, and why for that matter are you a student anyway—at your age and owning what seems to be a reasonably well-established group of companies?"
"Ah," he said with that agreeable smile of his, "a lot of questions, only to be expected of course from a person such as yourself, and presumably you will have several more in that vein. So…allow me to get straight to the point." He coughed. "I am an alien."
"An alien? Immigrant or just visiting? Which country? Legal or illegal?"
"I note that you are thinking in U.S. terms regarding the common usage of that word. Indeed, the dictionary itself describes the word alien as 'foreigner' or 'foreign'. Which indeed, I am, but not quite as you think. I am, to be more precise, an extraterrestrial."
Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no. So it's not a fraud after all, he's just insane, nutty as a fruitcake, totally bonkers, off his rocker. That is not to say that I have any major complaints, after all I was after a bit of fun and now I'm certainly getting it and what a story for the Green Tree pub. And my chances for the €100,000 have definitely risen a notch. This guy might be as crazy as the best of them, but he also appears to have money and he might really have transferred that cash already, who knows? Well, I don't know, and maybe he hasn't, maybe he just tapped away on his laptop to give me that impression.
On the other hand…..I'm happy to take the chance, it's worth finding out. I have to be careful though. Lunatics, even apparently harmless ones, can be dangerous, turn violent in a second, you're dead before you know it, stay wary and on your toes, all of the time, oh yes.
Meantime, it would be appropriate for me to switch into full actor mode, humor the guy, put my psychological talents to work, another of the skills which serve me well as a consultant. Well, well, who would have thought? What a Saturday!
"An extraterrestrial?" I asked, as innocently as a whore telling you she's in love with you. "Now that's interesting. Interesting indeed, but….as I am sure you agree Mr. Parker….quite unbelievable, surely you can't expect me to believe something like that?"
"Oh no, I don't," he replied, "not at all. I mean, who would? No indeed, but hopefully you will bear with me while I try to explain and, again, I hope to have convinced you in the end anyway. And by then, you will hopefully have been able to discard the thoughts you are harboring about whether or not I am a lunatic, or dangerous, or both." He smiled, leaned forward a little, both elbows on the table, and said, "Now that is a reasonable goal for our meeting, wouldn't you agree?"
Well, Mr. Jeremy Parker, I thought to myself, you are right about the dangerous bit, and I've already decided about the lunatic part all by myself, right up-front, sorry about that. I took a drink of water to fortify myself for the effluence I was about to hear, a shot of whiskey would have been more appropriate.
* * * * *
"I should," he continued, "perhaps begin with where I come from, how I got here, and why I look and sound like a human being, albeit an insane one as far as you are concerned; at the moment anyway."
Feel free, old chap. The reason you look like a human being is because you are a human being. And the repetitions, including the insanity one again, clearly indicate you are a neurotic one.
"It happens," he said, "that your scientists are now beginning to notice things which are very far away. They have recently discovered a quasar which they have named APM02879+5255. A quasi-stellar radio source, or quasar in its abbreviated form, is an unimaginably—for you—hot and bright object in the center of a galaxy, fueled by a vast input of matter being dragged into a supermassive black hole, as you call it, supermassive being a term you use to denote anything of around 1 billion solar masses or more. It is very hot, tens of millions of degrees, and very bright, thousands of trillions of megawatts."
He paused and looked at me for a moment, presumably in case I was going to accuse him of exaggerating his numbers. Which I wasn't. Maybe he was right, maybe he wasn't, I hadn't a clue.
"Now this particular quasar," he continued, "is about 12 billion light years distant from you, using your U.S. term for a billion by the way. And your light year is a measure of distance, not time. You calculate it by multiplying the speed of light, which in your terms is over 1 billion kilometers per hour, by 365.25. In other words, your light year represents slightly less than 9 trillion kilometers, give or take a bit. And I'll leave you to calculate the rest, the impossible number of lifetimes you would need to be able to even come close."
Well…at least we both understand a billion to be a thousand million. This is no longer exclusive to the Americans. The Brits, as in so many things, have copied them and it is nowadays more or less common usage in the U.K. as well. Not so, however, in Germany, for example. Their billion remains the English Long Scale version, a million millions, just as it always was. And a trillion is a million billions as opposed to a thousand billions, just as it always was. And yes, the Germans have created a different word to denote a thousand million. Useful to know if you are a translator. Or even if you're not.
"Whatever…" he continued, "you are not seeing things as they are at present, you are seeing what was there long before your solar system even existed, let alone, of course, yourselves. And what you are looking at is approximately 35,000 times the mass of your sun—mass not to be confused with size—and it emits about 1 trillion times as much energy; yes, that's one trillion, if you can imagine that, which you can't. To enable you to put this into perspective, your sun has a maximum temperature of 15 million degrees centigrade at its core, and its nuclear fusion converts roughly 700 million tons of hydrogen into helium and energy in the form of gamma rays every second, thereby emitting some 400 trillion megawatts of power. So just try imagining a quasar like this one."
"What exactly is a megawatt?" I asked. Keep him humored, let him think I find all of this interesting. But don't overdo it, don't give the game away, keep it simple.
"A megawatt? A megawatt is a million watts."
"Uh huh, difficult for me to grasp the magnitude of the numbers you're talking about here, Mr. Parker." Small talk, keep up the interest.
"I know," he said, "I am aware of that if you don't mind my saying so. Just imagine yourself trying to explain your planet to a group of ants in your garden, assuming you could converse with them. They would hear you, but you would know in advance that in no way could they possibly understand the immensity and complexity of what you were explaining. And that is the position I find myself in with your good self, no offence intended at all, it's just the way things are."
I didn't say anything, no point. Lunatics live in a world of their own creation, there's nothing you can do about it. And be thankful for small mercies, I told myself, at least he's not pretending to be Napoleon, with his cavalry waiting for him around the corner at Waterloo. Waterloo Station, I mean, just over the river from here.
"To continue," he said, "I and my brothers currently live in that region. We have a planet, which circles a star, which is close to 500 times larger than yours. Not as large for example as Eta Carinae, a star of which your scientists are aware and which is 800 times larger than your sun and which, as they also know, will soon explode, a supernova you call it. In fact, the biggest star you are aware of is the one you call Canis Majoris, which is a red giant and over 2,000 times larger than your sun. And your scientists are guessing that there are even larger stars out there which they can't see. And it just so happens that they are right."
"So let me describe my star," he continued, "as being a medium-big one. In all other respects it is similar to your sun, in that it is a sphere of hydrogen and helium gases—nearly everything of importance in the universe is a sphere, as you may know—and, like all other stars, it is en route to its death, merrily burning away its matter in a chain of nuclear reactions. In exactly the same way as your sun is doing, which by the way has about another 4.5 billion years to go. So that's the region I come from. And now, you will want to know how I got here, correct? Not physically, obviously, and I'll explain to you why. But to be able to do that, I will first need to give you a few additional ad hoc ideas concerning the dimensions, distances and speeds involved in the universe of which you are a part. So that you can consider the situation in its proper perspective."
He stood up, picked up his glass of water and went over to the window, looked out at the building opposite. Keep silent, I instructed myself, he is clearly in full flow. Full lunatic flow.
"You are in a galaxy, a word you have chosen from your Greek language, 'Galaxias'. It actually means milk and is why you refer to your own galaxy as the Milky Way. You are situated more towards the outer edge of your galaxy than you are towards the center, you are in what you call the Orion arm. But even if you were able to travel at the speed of light, which as I have mentioned is over 1 billion kilometers per hour, it would still take you 26,000 years to reach your galaxy's center. Which you wouldn't want to do, by the way, as the center is something you call a Black Hole, a relatively small object of almost infinite density, and about which you still don't know very much. But one thing you do know, black holes swallow everything that comes within their sphere of influence. There is no escape, not even for light, which is why there is nothing there for you to actually see, nothing at all. But believe me, Mr. O'Donaghue, you wouldn't want to have your planet situated even halfway closer to your galaxy's center, because the cosmic radiation would kill all life. You wouldn't exist, you couldn't exist. Your planet's fortuitous location within its galaxy is just one of the many, many random circumstances which allow it to harbor life."
He stopped and looked at me. I looked back again. He gave me a polite smile and continued with his astronomy lesson.
"Your galaxy contains about 200 billion suns, or stars as you also call them. Quite a lot you may think, but some galaxies have a lot more. And, you may well ask, how many galaxies are there? Well, some of your estimates say there are about 400 billion. Quite a large place you might think…but that only refers to a part of it, the part you know and can 'see' and which you call the universe. And if I were to tell your scientists that there are over a trillion of their so-called universes, why, they would simply laugh at me."
He turned from the window and peered at me to see if I was going to laugh as well. But I wasn't, at least not until I had checked my bank account.
"And if I were then to tell them," he continued, "that in fact there are not a trillion but an infinite number, that there is no 'end', that they go on into infinity, why, they wouldn't even bother to laugh. And that's because the only concept they are capable of grasping at the moment is one in which everything, absolutely everything, has a 'beginning' and an 'end'."
He peered at me again, but you could have mistaken me for a stone Buddha.
"Now, as you probably know, everything in your universe, and I mean everything, is moving. Your planet itself is spinning around on itself in a counterclockwise direction—as viewed from the north celestial pole, i.e. from the direction of the star you call Polaris—at a speed of around 1,000 kilometers per hour. At least for you that is, where you live—if you lived near your equator, it would be closer to 1,500 kilometers per hour, not that you would notice the difference. One full turn is what you call a day. And as well as rotating on its own axis, your planet is travelling around your sun, also counterclockwise, at a speed of over 100,000 kilometers per hour, and one complete round trip is what you call a year. Your moon of course follows you, while at the same time circling you at differing speeds, fairly slow, let's say at an average of 3,000 kilometers per hour and—surprise—also in a counterclockwise direction. And your sun itself is speeding along within your galaxy at roughly 800,000 kilometers per hour, pulling you along with it of course. And you have various conflicting theories regarding the speed of your galaxy itself which, for your information, happens to be in the region of 1.4 million kilometers per hour and increasing, for reasons we don't need to go into and which you wouldn't understand anyway. Sorry…no offence intended Mr. O'Donaghue."
Pleased to hear he's maintaining a bit of courtesy. It helps, if not a lot.
"None taken," I said. How much longer is this going to go on for?
"Naturally, being borne along at all of these speeds doesn't affect you, nor do you notice it, any more than you would if strolling down to the restaurant car on a train doing 200 kilometers per hour, or walking down the aisle on a plane travelling at 800 kilometers per hour. So…everything is moving and sometimes there is what we might call a crash. Your scientists have recently noticed two galaxies colliding, VV 340 (North) and VV 340 (South), as you call them. These two galaxies collided 450 million years ago. But 'colliding' is perhaps the wrong turn of phrase, as very few of the stars actually crash into each other, the distances between them being too great. And your galaxy, as it happens, is also going to collide with another one, a much bigger one which you call the Andromeda Nebula. Andromeda has around a trillion stars and you can see it on a moonless night with the naked eye. However, Andromeda is roughly 2.6 million light years away and, although you are approaching each other at a speed of close to 1 million kilometers per hour, it will still take another 3 billion years or so before the collision occurs. That is admittedly well before the end of your sun's lifetime, but in spite of that, it is nothing to prevent you sleeping at night, obviously."
At this, he chuckled. Come to think of it, I thought to myself, his face looks a bit like a moon as well. A moon-faced madman, albeit an agreeable moon-faced madman. Agreeable so far, anyway.
"No, Mr. O'Donaghue," he continued, "your sleep would only be disturbed by the arrival of a large enough asteroid, or by your race's self-extermination, possibly by nuclear suicide. These appear to be the mathematical favorites for the not too distant future. By which I mean anything between 100 and 8,000 more orbits of your star."
"You are being very patient," he smiled, "and I would like you to know that I very much appreciate that. Now if you wouldn't mind, just a couple of additional pieces of information to complete the picture. Your Voyager 1 spacecraft, now leaving your solar system at a speed of close to 20 kilometers per second, will still need another 300,000 years to reach one of the planetary systems closest to your own—such as, for example, the one you call Gliese 581, which is only 20 light years away, i.e. less than 180 trillion kilometers away. I am aware of the fact that even small distances such as these are difficult for you to conceive—and this is a small distance, very, very small—even if you could envisage being able to live for 2,600 consecutive lifetimes travelling at Voyager's speed in order to get there."
"And for all you know," he continued, "there might be nothing there for you to find anyway. However, and just for your information, there is something there for you to find. There is life on one of that star's planets, although to you it would merely appear to be a colony of reddish swamp scum surviving in an atmosphere of chemical components that would spell death to you guys within a microsecond, mainly a mixture of hydrogen, methane, helium and ammonia as well as some water, most of it in evaporated form. And as for your closest galaxy, the one you call Canis Major, well, that is 80,000 light years away, and if you were travelling in Voyager I it would take you 10 million consecutive lifetimes to get there."
Poor lunatic Jerry stopped his window-gazing, walked over to the corner table, picked up a bottle of Coke, raised his eyebrows at me to which I replied with a nod, brought two bottles and a bottle-opener over to the table and sat down again. He was regarding me with a seemingly bemused expression, obviously aware of what I was probably thinking. He opened both bottles, handed one to me, and started off again.
I have decided to give this one more hour, maximum. Saturday evening is coming up, I have things to do.
"O.K.," he said, "that rounds off the piecemeal picture I wanted to paint to assist you in understanding some of the things involved. Obviously I couldn't travel here in the way that you understand the word 'travel'. Your Einstein stated that the maximum possible speed in the universe is the speed of light, 300,000 kilometers per second, or over 1 billion kilometers per hour as mentioned already, and part of his reasoning was that the faster matter moves, the heavier it becomes, and at the speed of light its weight would reach unbearable levels. On the other side of the coin, some of your scientists have recently been looking more closely at neutrinos, particles so small that they can move through granite, indeed through your whole planet without any trouble at all, and a few of these scientists actually believe that these particles can move at a speed faster than light, and perhaps by taking a short cut via an unknown dimension. Well, as regards the speed, they are wrong, and your Einstein is right. But regarding an unknown dimension, they are definitely right, although they don't know it yet. Unfortunately, there is no way I could attempt to explain that dimension to you, you will just have to take my word for it that by entering that dimension, I have been able to arrive here on your planet. Not my physical presence of course—that would be impossible—but my brain."
"Just what kind of physical presence do you have, I mean what do you look like back home?" I asked. Still prepared to show some interest, keep the game going for a while longer, then it's along to the nearest pub at a high rate of knots, believe me.
"Well, we're not like you. Everything in the universe is made up of matter, either solid or gas. You, like your planet, are what one would call physically solid, water being as far we are concerned also a solid, and constituting a large part of your bodily configuration. We, on the other hand, are a form of gas, with a nucleus, similar to the composition of, let's say, your sun or your planet Jupiter, and our form is surrounded by a membrane. Just like you, you have a membrane, what you call your skin. Can you imagine what would happen to your protruding intestines and other organs without the membrane? We are also much smaller than you, about a quarter of your size. Difficult no doubt for you to conceive of an intelligent life form as dwarfs in the form of a gas, but that's the way it is and we'll just have to leave it at that. So…what happens is that a copy of my brain is made and transmitted via what, for descriptive convenience, you may choose to call the fifth dimension, to wherever we want to send it to."
"The fifth dimension?"
"That's right. It is a dimension you are unaware of. As I have said, I can't explain it to you in any way that would be intelligible to you. Your scientists are currently only aware of three dimensions, plus, if you will, an imaginary fourth one to account for the imaginary direction in which matter is supposed to extend in addition to the three dimensions of Euclidean geometry."
"So why do you look like a human being?"
"You mean, I suppose" said Jeremy, "why do I look and sound and behave like a human being? Hmm…what would be the best way for me to clarify that?"
He looked at me with one raised eyebrow, drank some water, and continued. "Let me try this—I assume you know what a computer hacker is in your world?"
"Yes."
"A good one can enter into other people's computers, private computers, big business computers, military computers, virtually any computer, and manipulate the data, the programs and the processes within those computers. He can directly influence how the computers and their programs function. And if he is a particularly talented and malicious person, he can also in some cases copy the data or destroy all the data and the programs. Eliminate them entirely. Without needing to be anywhere near the computers themselves of course."
"Indeed, Mr. Parker. But disaster recovery procedures usually have security methodologies and back-up to deal with data and program manipulation or elimination. Nevertheless, I agree it can cause temporary chaos. And I agree that the copying of sensitive data can have dangerous consequences of course."
"Yes, well, there is no back-up for your brains, Mr. O'Donaghue. I zeroed in on a mentally handicapped patient, of which there are around 6,000 in your U.K. hospitals. A sad, hopeless and incurable case. And I installed the copy of my brain into his. In the same way as you install chips into your computers or mobile phones, except that my chip is not made out of physical material. I am walking around in his body. I use the undamaged parts of his brain for the purpose of all physical functions, which are controlled of course by my own brain, which, in addition, has taken over the management and operation of all the mental functions. I speak your language because that is the language stored in the patient's memory—grammar, vocabulary, pronunciation and so on. Just like your computers, brains operate on electrical impulses and there is, for us, nothing particularly complicated about this methodology."
My feelings were now becoming pretty mixed. On the one hand I would like to get out of here, on the other hand it is definitely fun, and then again, overall I am beginning to feel quite sorry for this guy. He is obviously far gone, totally zapped, away on another planet—great allegory—and here I am playing games with him. Which I shouldn't be doing, I really shouldn't. But he's totally crazy, crazy enough even to have really wired me the €100,000. Or not? Probably not, but let me just push him a little bit further, just for the hell of it, just for the fun.
"Mr. Parker," I said, "this is all very interesting for me to hear and, as you will no doubt agree, equally difficult for me to understand, let alone believe. Tell me, what documentation do you carry, how did you create or get hold of these companies, where did the money come from?"
It is a game I shouldn't be playing. But let's see what else he can come up with.
"Simple," he said. "The patient was a man called Jeremy Parker and under my auspicious direction he completed a miraculous, comprehensive and undeniable recovery which left them with no alternative but to eventually hand him his papers and release him back into society. Jeremy was on his own. His only remaining relation, his mother, had died some two years previously and, of course, they wanted to keep me under regular observation, to study me in fact. But I severed my contact with the community care people almost immediately, and have never been back to the asylum and I don't believe they can force me to in any way."
"And the rest?" I asked.
He finished off the last of his Coke, smiled that gracious smile of his, and said, "Before I answer that, I will need to demonstrate something. At this point in time, you still don't believe a word of what I'm saying, that's evident, it's natural and I don't blame you, any other attitude would be irrational. You are not quite sure about the fraud angle, I would guess, but you've determined with absolute certainty that I am a lunatic, a raving one probably, out of my mind in a big way. But as I said at the start of our meeting, I hope to be able to convince you otherwise and my attempt at this will only take a few moments. Would it be O.K. with you if we went down to the street for a minute?"
"Sure it's O.K.," I said, "no problem."
Quite right it's no problem. On the contrary, I'm not coming back up again, superb way out, terminate this afternoon's waste of time, well…weird bit of fun.
He led the way down, then around the corner, and there he stopped. There were plenty of pedestrians and a few people occupying outdoor tables at a café just down the street. It's not cold, but it's not so warm either, I wouldn't be sitting outside at this time of the day, but Brits are Brits. I checked my watch, around 4 p.m.
"Think of me, if you don't mind," said Jeremy, "as a computer hacker, and ask me to hack into one of these people's minds and make him or her do something, something innocuous, something that will cause nobody any harm. Go ahead."
"Anything?"
"Yes, anything innocuous, anything at all."
"Well, let me see….let's take that waiter who has just appeared. Do you think you could you make him drop his tray with everything on it?"
It happened within two seconds. The waiter dropped his tray, and two bottles, two glasses, and a cup of coffee smashed across the pavement. A confused and apologetic waiter, briefly startled customers, and an incredulous, disbelieving me.
I looked at Jeremy and he just held up his hands and shrugged. "One more go?" he asked, raising his eyebrows at me, completely relaxed, nothing unusual going on here as far as he was concerned. My mind on the other hand was racing with all kinds of ridiculous thoughts, as you may imagine, electrical impulses flashing back and forth and around and around, and finally arriving at the only conclusion their logic would allow, namely that what had just happened could be—no, had to be—an extraordinary coincidence of the mind-boggling kind. And having told me this, my brain took the next logical step and told me to check this out, test him again, and make it something really difficult this time, don't mess around.
And it took me no time at all to figure out how, because a girl, a young woman who had been sitting at one of the tables, stood up and started to walk in our direction.
"It would definitely be amusing, Mr. Parker," I said, "if that young woman coming towards us were to stop and ask me if she could meet up with me this evening. Don't misunderstand me, nothing untoward involved, just meet. How about that?"
He smiled at this, nodded briefly. And the girl looked great. Not beautiful, but attractive, very pretty face surrounded by shoulder length dark brown hair, dressed in a stylish short white coat and, boy, what legs, the kind of legs we men always say we would die for—which we wouldn't, of course, we would look for another pair—but certainly the kind of legs which start you thinking about what you would do like to do with them, and, as far as one could tell, the rest of her figure was great as well. Ah, and what do we men mean by a great figure? We mean a flat stomach, a nice ass, not too big, not too small, and of course great breasts, also not too big and also not too small, and preferably nicely round-shaped, firm. Most women don't appreciate this kind of thinking at all. They don't wish to be viewed as sex objects—except, needless to say, those who have no chance of ever being viewed as sex objects—but they can't change it and there's nothing they can do about it, and it's just the way things are, tough luck. Nor can we men change it either, but then nor do we want to, there is no tough luck for us, no sir, not at all.
When I refer to 'we men', I am of course referring only to men such as myself. I agree there are other kinds, including homosexuals.
As she approached us, she suddenly looked up at me, her face broke into a huge wide smile—incredibly white teeth as well, another turn-on—and she said, "Hi, great to see you again. How are things?"
"Uh…hi…do we know each other? I'm terribly sorry… but I don't seem to recall the occasion…"
"Oh that's understandable, "she replied, "we were in a group of people and it was only for a short while. My name is Caroline. But I'm glad we've met again, there is something you could maybe help me on, might we perhaps meet for a coffee or something? I don't suppose today would be possible, would it, sometime this evening?"
Well, by chance it would be possible, I told her. I gave her the hotel phone number and my room number and suggested we meet in the lobby at 8 o'clock, maybe have dinner if she had the time. That's fantastic, she said, what a piece of luck, I look forward to it tremendously, and with a gay smile and a wave to both me and Jeremy, off she went. And I watched the legs as she went. Oh man, oh man.
Yes, and I reserve the right to describe her smile as 'gay'. I choose to ignore those of a certain sexual inclination who have purloined the word and twisted it into something else, presumably because they don't like the perfectly accurate word 'homosexual', which is nevertheless what they are.
"I would be grateful," said Jeremy, "if, although presumably against your inclination, we could go back to my office and finalize our conversation, one way or the other, whichever way it turns out to be. I shouldn't think it will take more than another 10 minutes or so."
You can imagine, I dare say, the state I was in. First of all, it was a concrete fact that I was in the presence of a deranged person suffering from mind-blowing delusions. Mind-blowing ones. Perhaps it was Jeremy Parker himself, escaped from his mental institution. And at the same time, it would also appear to be a concrete fact that he was in possession of some extraordinary powers, telepathic powers, with the ability of being able to steer others into performing certain actions and saying certain things. An amazing state-of-the-art hypnotist perhaps. And a person with those kinds of powers had to be a dangerous person, a very dangerous person indeed. I didn't even want to think about what events such a person could trigger, wandering around as he was on the loose.
It was clear to me that I should really report him to both the police and the appropriate health authorities as soon as I possibly could. Like now. But just a moment, what could I tell them? That he says he is an extraterrestrial and that he can make people do things? And if he denies the former and refuses to demonstrate the latter, and states that he is a normal, law-abiding citizen and a respected businessman to boot and can prove both, what then? Perhaps I would be the one to be taken into custody, or worse, perhaps he could even sue me for slander. Or, God forbid, perhaps he could even make me do and say things which would get me into very serious trouble. If he were able to, of course. Because, despite all evidence to the contrary, my brain was still attempting to arrive at a conclusion as to whether what it had factually experienced was indeed factual.
Confused is a poor word to describe my feelings. Jittery I was, disordered. But I decided I wouldn't mind asking him a couple of additional questions before I cleared off, never to return, never again, no way thank you very much. Fun is fun, but enough is also enough. And so I followed him back to the office, back to the meeting room, sat down, declined his offer of a drink and looked him straight in the eye.
He pulled unnecessarily at his shirt cuffs. He tugged on his cufflinks. They were expensive ones, no doubt about it. He was nervous. Wondering whether I was convinced enough—or greedy enough—to continue being an actor in his fantasy theater.
"As you now know and hopefully accept," he said, "I can cause certain things to happen. Only with people, their brains. I could not, for example, cause this building to fall down, or have a bottle of water fly over from that corner table. No physical objects, no material, no matter. But I can influence the brain's electrical impulses. I can have a bank manager authorize me a small amount of credit. I can influence the owner of a small loss-making company to sell it to me for very little in return for me taking over the company's crippling debt burden. I can meet with potential customers and have them order from me instead of from my competitors. And, having made my company extremely profitable, I can buy other companies and create a strong business group whose stability is reinforced by the fact that it operates in a variety of different manufacturing and financial sectors."
He ran his hands through his short blond hair. Tugged on his cufflinks again. Gave me a querying look. Received a blank stare in return.
"Nobody was hurt," he continued. "I repaid the bank loan, I saved the business owner from bankruptcy, and my customers buy products and services which are as good as, and frequently better than, those they could obtain elsewhere – and, more often than not, cheaper. In addition, they can change their supplier whenever they want to, and some have done just that, I undertake nothing to forcibly retain them. And I personally receive more money than I need. Salary, bonuses, expenses, stock options, dividends, and I use it all freely for my research purposes, in addition to providing my physical self with a pleasing standard of living while enjoying the hospitality of your planet. Hopefully that answers the remaining open questions we had?"
"Interesting, Mr. Parker, and understood," I said, "but if you don't mind, I have a couple of additional questions. For example, why are you studying this particular planet?"
"No problem. I simply form part of a student group which will eventually join the bureau responsible for monitoring life forms throughout the universe; and to complete our doctorate studies we are required to choose a current life form and write a thesis about it. I just happen to have chosen yours—for no particular reason. I could have chosen somewhere else."
"O.K. Next question, can you read our minds? Can you read my mind?"
"Ah, another unavoidable question! No, I can't do that, Mr. O'Donaghue. Furthermore, I would consider it highly undesirable were such a thing to be possible, and presumably you would be of the same opinion." Another chuckle.
"But you could make me say and do things against my will, is that right?"
"Yes, that's right, I could. But I wouldn't. First of all, we would never manipulate the minds of research interviewees; that would be counterproductive and self-defeating. Secondly, we are in any case not allowed to; it would be contrary to our university code of ethics. And thirdly, our particular species is a benevolent one, as you would naturally expect of an intelligent species—as opposed to one like yours—and any use we make of this capability with regard to third parties is always harmless. May only be harmless in fact, not that, by our very nature, we would be otherwise inclined. So on that front, you need have no fears at all for yourself personally, nor indeed for anybody else."
"But back to the girl I spoke to just now, down in the street, I've been thinking about it. She knew me, she recognized me, so there was no input from you, was there? It was just a coincidence. In fact, the more I think about it, it could also have been a coincidence that that waiter dropped his tray."
"Some coincidences," he replied, "don't you think? No…with regard to that young lady, I merely thought up a scenario as to why she might want to meet you this evening, or rather why she would think she might want to meet you. And I hacked into her mind and placed the thoughts."
"Just like that? No work involved? Were you born with this ability?"
"Not really, but it is something we learn when very young. The result of technical advances made during our evolution. It is a simple technology, one which your species will fully acquire in the not too distant future. In fact, you have already started. You have documented cases of certain doctors healing patients by means of hypnosis. You have hypnotists who can do other things, including on stage. And the next step is for you to learn to communicate with each other without the need to use either speech or the written form."
Now that did send a small shiver up my spine. Because I by chance happen to know that we have just started to do things like that. Using magnetic resonance tomography, for example.
"During my research into this field, I came across a neurology professor in Canada," he said, "who has recently commenced communicating with a traffic-accident patient who has been in a coma for over a decade, albeit awake. The patient is placed in a kind of brain activity scanner and is asked questions such as 'are you in pain?' and the scanner reads the resulting brain activity and determines the answers. That is a first step," continued Jeremy. "It can only work if the patient's reticular activating system is still working of course, but that appears to be so in this case."
"And", he continued, "I also see that you have made initial advances at universities around the world. In the USA, I have read with interest the work going on at Harvard's Laboratory of Neuromodulation and the research at Washington University, among others. I read that the latter has two neuron research experts, Rajesh Rao and Andrea Stocco, who have been able to send magnetic impulse commands from Rao's brain to Stocco's, by means of computer-connected headsets and using the Internet. An early experiment has allowed Rao to cause one of Stocco's fingers to move. Without words, you understand."
"Did you say the Internet, Mr. Parker? That sounds a little far-fetched if I may say so."
"You may indeed say so. But your brains are capable of far more than the Internet. I notice that your World Wide Web currently has about 20 billion websites which are connected by about a trillion links. Your brain tissue, however, contains nearly 100 billion neurons, connected by about 100 trillion synapses. Not bad when you consider that it weighs only 1.4 kilograms on average. And you have roughly 90 billion glial cells which, by the way, are the non-neuronal cells providing a support function to the neurons and certain of the neurons' activities. Human brains, the intelligent ones I should say, are capable of far more than the Internet. Just imagine the potential."
I was certainly imagining all sorts of things. But it all sounded too theoretical to me. The world is littered with brilliant hypotheses which have never made it. On the other hand, it has to be said, the world is littered with a few brilliant hypotheses which have made it,
"Uh huh, well maybe. But it all sounds very futuristic to me, Mr. Parker. Nevertheless, and be that as it may, it seems that I owe you some thanks. It certainly looks as if I have the chance of an agreeable evening ahead of me. And, if you will allow, I have a final, last question on another subject. I am an interviewee of yours. Why me? And have you any others, have you paid money to other people as well? And based on what criteria do you select them?"
"I must admit I was wondering whether you would ask this question as well. The search for interviewees has indeed been an arduous task, for two major reasons. First of all, I am not in a position to be able to judge in advance if a person is in possession of the necessary intelligence and necessary knowledge, which only an education of a certain level can provide. I have consequently been obliged to talk to people based on external appearances and mannerisms only. Guess work. This has involved me in talking to many people, most of whom I was obliged to reject out of hand. Not unexpected of course. But there have been side-benefits. I have been able to increase my insight into the wide deviations in your species' intelligence and knowledge levels."
He looked at me again. I looked back at him again.
"There have," he said, "been five people who appeared to meet the necessary criteria up to this point. Three of those agreed to a meeting with me but didn't appear, presumably judging me to be a fraudster, or a lunatic, or, quite possibly, both. A fourth person, a young lady, did turn up for our meeting and she received her €100,000 in the same way as you have received yours, but that was the last I saw of her. She didn't appear for the next meeting as planned and I haven't heard from her since. I presume she arrived at the same conclusion as the other three, perhaps also concluding that the situation was not without risk, perhaps even a potentially dangerous risk of the kind specific to young females on this planet. And that this outweighed the slight possibility, and I am sure she only regarded it as such, of receiving a further €400,000."
Understandable. Weigh the risks versus the potential benefits and take a decision. Exactly as I shall be doing.
"And the fifth person," he continued, "is yourself, Mr. O'Donaghue. I need only one interviewee for the purposes of this project and I would be delighted if it turns out to be you, you seem to fit the bill very well. Nevertheless, I appreciate that may not be the case. In which event, I shall simply have to continue with the process until I am successful. Which I eventually will be, a mathematical certainty."
Maybe, maybe, I wasn't going to argue the point, but It was more likely a probability rather than a certainty. I am no laggard in mathematics, including probability mathematics, and I considered this exercise of his to be compatible with the mathematical rules governing the vehicle registration numbers' game. If you take the last two digits of vehicle registrations, you obviously have a hundred possibilities, from 00 to 99. And if you are driving your car or walking down the road and if you note these two digits from 20 consecutive vehicles, you are going to find that two are the same. From a sample of only 20 vehicles, mark you. But although this works ten times out of ten on most occasions, it works on average only nine times out of ten, and is therefore a mathematical probability rather than a certainty. Even so, if you bet on this with a friend, it's an easy way to earn some money or a few drinks.
But…as I have said, I wasn't going to argue the point with him, I wish him well, he'll have to find it out for himself and without my cooperation, I won't be around.
"A final minor point," I said, "which has just come to mind. And definitely my epilogue question of the day. Why do you only have a mobile 'phone number on your business card? That is unusual and not particularly professional, wouldn't you agree?"
"Indeed I would," he laughed, "but the answer is a simple one. This card is not a business one. The number on this card is only for contact purposes in connection with my student activities. I strictly separate these activities from my business ones and," he continued with a knowing glance, "there are the small matters of encryption and GPS location blocking. To avoid unnecessary complications, you understand, which from time to time might arise as a result of any unwelcome interest on the part of certain third parties."
Hats off to him, he has the answers for everything and they all fit with a certain amount of logic into that imaginary world residing in his demented brain. He's certainly got it all worked out. This fantasy of his has probably been developing over a period of several years, and he has been building up more and more details as time has gone by, accumulating a whole series of convincing micro-delusions to support the macro one. Not, I seem to have read somewhere, that this is an unknown or unusual symptomatic manifestation. Fascinating in a way, but then all I want to do now is return to the real world. The sane one. The one I live in.
"I understand and accept," said Jeremy, "that this has been an unexpected and extremely confusing conference from your point of view. And I would guess that you are far from being convinced about any part of it—but I would be grateful if we could provisionally agree to a time and date for another meeting. Just on the off-chance of course."
"Well," I said, "no harm in that. Let me see. On Monday I have a conference at a factory in Slough, then nothing to do for a whole week after that, and so I'll be travelling home to Germany on the Tuesday. I'll be travelling back on the following Saturday and attending a meeting here in London on the Monday. A week on Tuesday would be convenient to me, how does that sound?"
But he looked somewhat disappointed at this. "Yes," he said, "I saw from your C.V. that you are domiciled in Germany. Forgive my forwardness," he continued, "but that would constitute an unfortunate delay for me. Is there the slightest chance, Mr. O'Donaghue, do you think, that you could possibly return to Germany a day later than planned, thereby allowing us to meet next Tuesday?"
* * * * *
No problem, I said to myself, I wouldn't be attending any more meetings with him anyway, so it really didn't matter what arrangements I agreed to. I said O.K., we agreed on 10.00 a.m., we shook hands, and I took off like an electrified hare at the greyhound races. I lit a cigarette, yes much needed, and smoked it while heading across Aldwych and into the first pub I came across, the Dog and Duck it was called. Not too grotty, fairly decent place in fact. I ordered a cold pint of lager, took it to a table in the corner and sank into a fairly comfortable lounge chair.
Whew! What an experience! Wow! I took a long pull at my pint, hey, welcome back to reality baby, and settled down to drink the rest at a leisurely pace while recuperating my composure, returning to normal, getting back into my day's good mood. As I thought back over this afternoon's bit of fun, something else occurred to me. He might be mad, but he wasn't stupid, that was for sure. By next Tuesday, I wouldn't be able to check on the €100,000, he would have made sure that it wouldn't hit my bank account until Wednesday at the earliest, so he keeps the chance of my still being curious enough to turn up.
Clever boy, no doubt about it, but who cares, no way am I going to another meeting and there won't be any money anyway, just part of his overall delusion.
And thinking about the meeting itself, there had been no aggressiveness, which was fully in his interest obviously—I'd have been gone in a flash, as he had to know—but it had definitely been a formal meeting, a serious one even, including from my side.
I was certainly under the influence of something similar to a mild state of shell-shock. Well, who wouldn't be, listening to a mentally disturbed person's tale of the kind that—I have no experience of the different types of inmate to be found in mental institutions, but that does not stop me having an opinion—must be quite unique. However, and it bears thinking about, he is not even in a mental institution—not at all.
He is running around loose, as free as a dog off the leash in Hyde Park, and with some extraordinarily unusual powers to boot.
I looked at the time, hey, nearly 7 o'clock. I emptied my glass, caught a cab within a couple of minutes, not a problem when it's not raining, back to the hotel, up to my room, teeth, shower, fresh shirt and down to the lobby with a good five minutes to spare.
"Excuse me, Mr. O'Donaghue sir," a female receptionist called to me—unfortunately an ugly female receptionist, don't get me wrong, not meant nastily, not her fault, nor will it cause her any problems in life, plenty of ugly men around. "There is a message for you." I went over to the desk and she handed me an envelope, a sleek, light blue envelope, together with an ingratiating and probably hopeful smile. Poor girl, don't be hopeful when it's hopeless, sorry and all that, but we swim in different waters, I prefer filet steaks.
Talking about filet steaks, I once lost a live-in girlfriend because of that. We were having dinner with a friend of mine and his girlfriend in a restaurant, the wine was flowing, and after finishing his steak my friend said, "You know the actor Paul Newman? He was being interviewed on television once and was asked how he had managed to maintain such a long and trouble-free marriage in an environment such as Hollywood's. Well, he replied, it's easy. When you've got a filet steak at home, why are you going to want to go out and eat a hamburger? Upon which the whole of American womanhood fell in love with him, and that's the way it is between Jeannie and me, am I right Jeannie?" Now wine, if I drink enough of it, but not too much, has the agreeable effect of accelerating my thought processes rather than putting a brake on them, and a nice little joke popped into my mind straight away. "With me," I said, "it's a little more complicated than that. When you've got a hamburger at home, why would you want to go out and eat a meatloaf?" At which I bellowed with laughter. My girlfriend did not bellow with laughter. She stood up, placed her napkin quietly and carefully on the table, left the restaurant and had already moved out by the time I got home. And apart from a 'phone call in which I received a detailed description not only of myself, but also of my mother, I never heard from her again. And a good thing too, I didn't like that bit about my mother, she knew that my mother had died years ago. Or maybe she had just forgotten.
I moved away from the reception desk, giving Little Miss Ugly a very interested smile, costs nothing to spread a little happiness, and opened the envelope. Same blue paper as the envelope and a handwritten note:
I am terribly, terribly sorry, but I shall be unable to join you for dinner this evening. I believe we do not in fact know each other, a very embarrassing mistake on my part and I do apologize most sincerely. Goodness knows what you must have thought of me. Hoping you will nevertheless have an enjoyable Saturday evening, and hoping for your forgiveness, Yours, Fiona.
Shit, that was some girl. A really swish lady, and not just to look at, judging by the cultured note and the sophisticated handwriting. But then that's life, isn't it, a surprise gift here and a surprise smack in the face there, you just have to get on with it. Extremely disappointing though, I would be telling a lie if I were to claim otherwise. No surname, no address, no telephone number, message received, crystal clear, thank you very much.
Now what to do? I suddenly didn't want to do anything, Saturday night or not. Coming on top of today's episode with my friend Mr. Parker from faraway places, Fiona's message had left me feeling dispirited. The joys of Spring had departed for new destinations. The best thing to do was go to bed. Another of Cain's brilliant short novels awaited me: 'Double Indemnity'. And my good mood would be back by tomorrow morning.
And so I had a light dinner in the hotel dining room, and did just that.

DAY 3
I woke up with Mr. Jeremy Parker bugging my brain. That girl was not a coincidence. She couldn't be. Nor was the waiter. Obvious. Equally obvious on the other hand was the fact that our friend Jeremy was a five-star nutcase.
Mind you, he seemed to possess considerable knowledge of certain things pertaining to his dream world. Perhaps I would go into the Internet and check out a few items such as the quasar, or some of the distances he mentioned and so on. But on consideration, what would that tell me? Absolutely nothing, he could easily have done precisely the same thing himself. O.K., leave it alone, no more thinking about it today, today is Sunday. Fresh air is what I need, no IHT on Sundays but yesterday's Financial Times will do, see if I earned any money this week with my shares or, as happens often enough, lost some.
* * * * *
This is perhaps a good moment, on the off-chance that you are desirous of knowing a little more about me, for me to digress.
Now…let me see. I believe I can claim to be one of the more normal specimens of human being wandering around the planet, albeit characterized by certain of the distinctive singularities peculiar to my type.
Some say that you can divide the human race into two types, extroverts and introverts, and I hold that to be true. Others say that you can divide it into two other types, optimists and pessimists, and I hold that to be true as well. But there is more to it than that. A type is defined by several other traits, influences, behavioral characteristics and, for most types anyway, specific peculiarities.
My name is Peter O'Donaghue, 'POD' to my few friends—a word I do not confuse with acquaintances by the way, whether good, or casual or undesired—for reasons you don't have to think much about. I am thirty eight years of age and therefore statistically have another 520 months to go. Well over two thousand weeks, not too bad.
I look younger according to what most women tell me and they tend to know about such things. Fairly dark brown hair, blue eyes, decent body, a bit on the lean side if you will, but more than acceptable. In other words I am pretty happy with the luck of the draw except for being too tall, close to two meters high. But such is the world, you can't have everything, it doesn't trouble me.
The surname comes from my great grandfather and I am one-eighth Irish, a matter of utter insignificance, we're all a mixture of something or other, I only mention it in case you're interested in such things. I was a single child and both parents ended up under the turf while I was still a teenager. Or, if you are that way inclined, ended up in the sky. Actually, to be more accurate, only my mother was buried. My father was incinerated, and my only surviving relation, an uncle, proceeded down the same path soon thereafter. Sad you might say and indeed it is and indeed it was, but then time heals everything you might also say, and indeed it does and indeed it did.
I do not pretend to be one of the masses. My type is a minority type.
First of all, I am an honest person in all things that matter. None of us are totally honest as you know, even if it's because you lie to your children about Father Christmas. Children are very trusting, they believe anything we tell them—which is why the religions like to catch them young, a fact, oh yes—and the moment children learn the truth about Father Christmas is the very moment in their small, brief lives when they realize for the first time that you can't trust the grown-ups. Because, if it suits their purpose, even your own mother and father will lie to you and mislead you. What's more, for a prolonged period of time if they feel like it.
And yes, I admit it; in things that don't matter, I can, on occasion, be significantly dishonest.
Secondly, I am a cynic, something you may of course have already decided for yourself.
Someone once described a cynic as a person who, when he smells flowers, looks around to see where the coffin is. But I am not that kind of cynic. We (my type) are simply cynics of the kind who are censorious of all things that we do not understand or with which we disagree, and for which there is no available proof to the contrary. This type of cynic is not something the vast majority of people appreciate and that is why cynics of this kind tend to prefer the company of other, similar, cynics. We are indeed a minority slice of the social pie.
Furthermore, the word cynic itself has a somewhat derogatory connotation attached to it, one implying a certain churlishness, a certain derisory attitude on the part of the person to whom the word is applied. But a cynic is merely a sceptic, as normal as any non-cynic, and perhaps, as a result, a more honest person into the bargain. So we need to be careful. If you are of the inclination to categorize all negative persons as cynics, I would not necessarily disagree with you. But if you were wanting to categorize all cynics as negative persons, you and I would disagree. A false assumption, if ever there was one.
I am also an agnostic. Ah hah, I hear you asking, and what else could one possibly expect of a cynic? Well, I wouldn't know, but hopefully you are not confusing the term with the word atheist. An atheist doesn't believe in the existence of a God, or of any god, and there are a wide variety available to us on this planet to choose from. Statistically, you are quite likely to be worshipping one of them yourself.
An agnostic, on the other hand, merely holds that nothing is known, nor likely to be known, of the existence of a God or gods and as a consequence he neither accepts nor rejects these concepts. This philosophy has absolutely no negative or depressing effects on the agnostic's life. Quite the contrary, he is more often than not an affable, contented and relaxed fellow, swimming serenely, sedately and imperturbably through life's ocean with his lifebelt of 'don't know, don't believe, don't disbelieve' firmly attached.
That's me alright. I enjoy life. Even in unpleasant and troublesome times I apply the motto 'if life were not so great, it could be difficult sometimes'.
My type is also what you would call opinionated. We have opinions on just about everything, including on matters about which we are not necessarily adequately informed. We are consequently not always right. You have occasionally come across our type, I'm sure. You possibly consider us to be insufferable assholes. Fair enough I say—but hopefully you don't appreciate those creatures who have no opinions at all, or who do have opinions but rarely express them, which in effect has the same result. They are far worse. The former are stupid and the latter are reptilian. They are death on a plate.
I have already indicated that I am of the honest type and it would therefore be remiss of me to leave you with these few autobiographical fragments without referring to a defect of mine. As a matter of fact, I have many defects, commencing with the admittedly dismal and disgusting one of being a smoker, but the defect I wish to refer to here is a specific characteristic of my type. I am a pessimist.
Optimists and pessimists have been described in various ways over the centuries. The optimist, as someone once said, is a person who believes that we live in the best of all possible worlds—while the pessimist is a person who fears that this is so. A pessimist, as someone else once said, is best described as a person who has been forced to live for a prolonged period of time together with an optimist. An optimist commences the Sunday Times crossword with a pen, the pessimist with a pencil. And so on and so forth.
A pessimist is not to be confused with a negative person. I, like most of my type, am a notably positive person. A positive pessimist, that is the best way to describe me.. There is nothing depressing about that. I just look at the current facts pertaining to our planet, sufficient on their own, in my view, to turn any thinking person into a pessimist, and then I envisage the future, the evolution to come, decide there is nothing to be done about it, least of all by me, and I am therefore pessimistic about that also.
And, having arrived at this conclusion, I have decided that the only intelligent thing to do about it is to ignore it all. Forget about it, immerse yourself in life, get on with it, swim with the ocean waves, enjoy the whole thing for the amount of time allotted to you. Which isn't much, a miserly amount in my opinion, but there is nothing to be done about that either, is there? As I see it, a logical and positive way of embracing the whole situation.
So being a cynic with regard to many things, including Mr. Jeremy Parker's current fascinating fables, by no means signifies that I am a cynic with regard to life itself.
I have been frank. I do not think I need to add more. I have provided you with a miniature and blotchy sketch of my physiological landscape. Not a particularly congenial chap, you might say, an unacceptably opinionated fellow with an air of provocation about him, not one that I would especially single out for my dinner table. And I wouldn't disagree with you. That is the impression we (my type) tend to portray. But impressions are only impressions and hopefully you will forgive me if I make the suggestion that one day you invite me to dinner. I make quite a pleasant guest.
* * * * *
It was an English day, by which I mean overcast. But it wasn't raining and so I went for a walk, having found a copy of yesterday's F.T. in the lobby to take with me. And yes, I agree with you, a hotel of this category should not have a previous day's newspaper lying around, Sunday staffing or not. I had my coffee and croissants in Shepherds Market and checked the financials. Annoying, the optimists have been at work again, the investment funds, the pension funds and all the others have been betting—for that is all it is—that next week's U.S. and European economic indicators will prove positive and that, for a few days at least, some money can be earned. Everything has moved up, which at the present point in time means I lose money, my main investment currently being a leveraged bear certificate on the Eurostoxx 50. I have lost about €10,000 this week, not a problem, roughly ten days work if you take into account the tax offsets and the income tax, but needless to say the other way round would have been preferable.
Timing is the constant issue on the stock markets, when to buy what and when to sell what, and sometimes you get it right and sometimes you get it wrong, just like the experts. A war breaks out here, an oil drilling platform develops a leak there, a country defaults on its debt, a tsunami hits a nuclear power station, or whatever. As for my bear certificate, I will just keep it of course, things will start collapsing again soon. That is what I say at least, but who knows how stocks will move over the next twelve months, it's just one vast, contrived casino at the best of times. The golden rule is that if you can't afford to lose any of your money, stick it into a savings account—although nowadays you would also have to be careful about which bank you choose and you wouldn't get much interest either.
I strolled through to Park Lane, turned left and left again, and navigated my way back to my hotel. Having decided to overnight in Slough in order to be up bright and early for tomorrow's stint at the factory, I crossed over to reception to ask if I could leave my things in the room, back tomorrow night and off to Germany on the Tuesday. It was a man on duty, pale complexion, red hair, and one of your haughty, disdainful types despite the training. These people should get themselves a job which keeps them a long, long way away from any member of the public, in particular a paying public. And certainly not a member of the paying public whose good mood has been moderately diminished by stock market events.
I looked at him. He looked at me. I waited. He waited. Oh well, some training was needed here, a kind, well-meant and benevolent act to help him indulge in some necessary self-improvement. "GOOD DAY TO YOU," I said in an excessively loud voice, causing a stir among a group of elderly tea drinkers on the other side of the lobby. He didn't blink an eyelid. "Can I be of assistance?" he asked. Not even a 'sir', can you imagine that? And so I looked at him again, an ice-cold look, a piercing look, a look which lasted long enough for him to know that there was a problem here. "GOOD DAY TO YOU," I repeated into his face again and waited to see what would happen.
The face began a battle with itself and you could virtually see his inadequate brain grappling with the realization that this bastard of a customer was expecting a courteous greeting from him, a greeting which his convoluted mass of nervous tissue had no desire to supply, a major conflict occurring among the poorly-wired neurons within his skull, a serious paroxysm of cerebral disturbance. And this tortuous activity eventually produced a mumbled syllable which I interpreted to be '…day'. I knew of course in advance, when I put my question to him about the room, that the answer would be no, unfortunately not possible, not unless we bill for it, hotel policy you understand sir. But, aha, I had achieved a 'sir' at least.
No point in calling the manager on this one, he would probably say the same thing, but a small additional piece of training for this incapable sod was called for, a piece of 'training by fear' in fact.
"May I have your name please?" I demanded, handing him my inquisition look, at which I swear he turned, if you will forgive the unauthorized usage of a slice of musical text from the sixties, a whiter shade of pale. He took hold of the name card fixed to his jacket lapel and waited until I had read it. I made sure he saw me writing it down on the F.T., and then I asked for the bill and paid with the credit card. He will be suffering, no doubt about that, he will be wondering what I intend doing. And he will be more polite to me the next time he sees me, I would happily bet on that also, he'll say good morning sir, or good day sir, or good evening sir. But he really shouldn't be here at all, this is a hotel where good rooms cost £450 per night. By no means unduly expensive for the area, but a modicum of customer-friendly service is nevertheless to be expected. And some kind of remedial action is always a possibility if I don't receive it.
My intentions in these cases are good ones. It is a form of training. I intend no harm. I am merely attempting to assist. And the fact that I usually fail is unimportant; it is those few occasions when I succeed that count. Thanks to me, someone, somewhere, is improving him or herself right now.
I went up to my room, packed my suitcases and called for a bellboy to take them down to my car in the garage. More often than not, I drive over to England. The cost is the same as flying if you take into account the taxi costs at both ends. The trip itself is made up of four and a half hours driving time to Calais, an hour and a half on the ferry to Dover—grab some sea air, have something to eat, do some onboard shopping—and up to two hours to reach London. It also means that I can travel at a time convenient to myself and return whenever I decide to, sometimes in the middle of the night. I can take more luggage, my suits stay nicely pressed hanging in the car and I have a vehicle with me during my stay with no rental costs for my employer. The latter goes down well, thanks to my lies about trying to save them money on my expenses.
* * * * *
I left London on the M4 motorway, past Heathrow and Windsor and took the Slough Central exit, Slough being pronounced 'Sluff' by its detractors of which there are many and with good reason. This exit leads directly to a hotel I use which is located before you reach the town proper. It was early afternoon when I checked in. The hotel belongs to one of those good American chains, pleasant service, rooms always of the expected quality and everything as it should be, you can count on it. Just the way I like it. You can keep those English hotels with their crooked stairs, innumerable fire doors obstructing the passage of both yourself and your luggage along innumerable narrow corridors, creaking floorboards, tiny rooms and ridiculous shower contraptions.
I left the serious luggage in the car, went up to my room, unpacked my overnight case and lay down on the bed, time for some brief relaxation. Except that Mr. Jeremy Parker had made an abrupt and unwelcome intrusion into the gourd of my skull again.
O.K., I told myself, that's it, you are going to get him out of your brain once and for all, you are going to check out a couple of items on your laptop and if any of his facts are significantly wrong, you will have reconfirmed what you have already decided, namely that he belongs on the pile of flotsam (or jetsam if you prefer) which constantly floats past us on the tides of our lives.
Well, I checked. His facts were accurate, only minor differences. Which indicated nothing, so what? I checked my emails, nothing requiring any action on my part, and decided to do a bit of computer training with me playing White against the King's Indian Defence. I stuck to the classical system in which White plays an early knight to f3.
There is no point in trying to play at a certain level unless you continuously add to your knowledge of the various systems, their possible variations, their possible sub-variations and the concepts hiding behind them all. The concepts are important, you need to know why you are making the moves you are making, you need to know what your positional objectives are and which are the pressure points. Among other things, it saves thinking time if your opponent makes an unusual—and therefore possibly weak—move; after all, you only have 2 hours on your clock for the first forty moves. It also helps to keep you concentrated on the strategic aims and tactical possibilities as you move away from opening theory and into the middle game.
At some point in time I snoozed off. I woke up just before 8 p.m. and strolled the ten minutes to one of Slough's Indian or Pakistani or Bangladeshi enclaves—who can tell the difference?—and into the Taj Mahal. I ordered what I always order there, a Madras curry, hot but Indian style hot, not one of the scalding infernos they prepare for the English and which serve as a feigned justification for the consumption of large quantities of beer. My curry was washed down as usual with a white house wine, cold and dry.
Back at the hotel, I spent a couple of hours checking through my notes for tomorrow's management presentation. It makes for a better performance with everything more or less rehearsed and partially memorized. And then it was into bed, and I fell asleep reading 'Serenade'.

DAY 4
Allow me, if you will, to briefly explain how I came to be a self-employed consultant and how I do my work.
After university, I started working for a multinational which eventually transferred me to its international headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. Geneva, sitting placidly on its lake at the spot where the Rhône exits, with its Jet d'Eau, its old town, the French Mont Salève dominating its southern skyline, the Jura mountains to the North, France just five minutes away, the Alps just around the corner, the elegant Swiss-French mother-tongue, and the girls; oh yes, the girls.
Thanks to the multitude of international organizations and multinational corporations based there, it seemed to me as if there were millions of these creatures all over the place. Just looking at them warmed the cockles of my heart, and other cockles as well.
Life's ocean waves continued to be kind to me. They washed me gently ashore and into several available female coves, if you will forgive the choice of phrase. They also threw large chunks of luck my way at work. Over a period of several years, I worked on major projects in our manufacturing operations in France, Italy and Spain and in our marketing subsidiaries in Scandinavia and Greece. I learned about production, purchasing, finance, treasury, sales and marketing and other things, and I learned to listen to employees at all levels—because most of them knew a lot, and I didn't.
And after a few years, I resigned. I resigned because I figured I could enjoy life a lot more and also earn a lot more money, and more quickly, if I were my own boss. And whether or not that would be so, is something you never find the answer to unless you go and do it. Yes indeed, it is difficult to discover new horizons if you are too afraid to lose sight of the shore in the first place..
And another reason was because Geneva, like everything else on this planet, was being severely destroyed by the non-stop construction and the streaming masses of human reproduction and the improperly controlled migration. Ask any elected birdbrain. More, he will proudly tell you, is better.
And the ghastly areas full of African, Asian and Eastern European prostitutes, pimps and drug-pushers, and the corresponding growth of sex clubs and sex shops, a million vibrators and dildos on sale, all housed in buildings growing shabbier and shabbier by the minute, were all now visually available to the young genevois children and were assisting them, no doubt, in their early understanding of what this planet is all about—even in the erstwhile pristine, educated, and romantic city of Geneva.
Progress is what our elected birdbrains call it, and all of it engineered or permitted by themselves; except of course that we have to listen to their bleating about how nothing is their fault; indeed they are paid large salaries, but that they have neither the authority nor the responsibility, it must have been somebody else.
So Geneva had disappeared, and I became a self-employed consultant, no capital required, and I deal with loss-making companies only and only those of up to a maximum of around 500 employees; more than that and I would need a team.
It takes me between two and three weeks to tell them whether I can get rid of their losses in the short-term, short-term being within 12 months—or whether I can't, I don't see it, maybe somebody else can. I do this by interviewing employees at various levels, and I use the two ears and one mouth ratio, i.e. I listen a lot. And for a very good reason—these people tend to know more about their business than I do. I also look at the company's products, I go through their balance sheet—many a slimy worm creeps out of that swamp, I can tell you—and I do a thousand other things. And if I can see how to get the company churning out some profits again and if they want me to stay and do it, I cost €1,200 per day plus expenses.
Cheap, I tell them. If you hire a consultancy firm, they will send you a production expert, a sales expert, a marketing expert, a finance expert, a purchasing expert and maybe other experts as well and it will cost you a fortune. And you may well end up with a report full of recommendations, most of which are not feasible, or else are inappropriate, or require large amounts of capital investment which is simply not available and which, of course, will involve you in vast consultancy fees.
I, on the other hand, write no reports. I fix things. I believe there is a solution for every problem. There are plenty of people who don't of course. There are the people who believe there is a problem for every solution. Or there are the people who can see a problem but assume there is no solution. Or, worse still, there are the people who cannot even recognize that a problem exists.
And—I tell my potential clients—you will find nobody like me, but nobody, who can be contractually fired overnight if you don't like his performance, and without having to state a reason of any kind or pay me a single day's extra fee.
So, that's me, I've been doing this for years now. Word gets around, and I have had plenty of customers in plenty of countries. I have the languages, and where I don't, English is the magic elixir. And it doesn't matter what the companies' businesses are, I learn quickly. I am successful and I always have customers. So far, that is.
* * * * *
It was raining again this morning. I checked out of the hotel, slung my overnight case into the back of the car and drove across town to the industrial estate and into the car park of Clark's Industrial Adhesives & Fasteners PLC, the name of the subsidiary. It manufactures and markets industrial adhesives, glue to you and me, lots and lots of different kinds in lots and lots of different-sized metal containers and other forms of packaging. It also manufactures a wide variety of industrial rivets. This is admittedly an illogical manufacturing mixture, except for the fact that in many cases the customers are the same for both product types. The glue has high profit margins, the rivets low ones. If I were to stay involved long enough to be involved in some of the more strategic issues, I would have to look closely at what benefits and negatives this kind of production mixture was propagating.
It was an unkempt, poorly maintained building, not unusual for a loss-making company with no money, but the sign with the company name brought a smile to my face, as it did every time I walked up to the entrance. When I arrived on the first day, the sign was off the horizontal, a letter had fallen off, it was grimy, it hadn't been cleaned in years, it was off to the side of the entrance and it was small, as if the company were ashamed of identifying itself, or even ashamed of itself, period. Now, in the scheme of things, while I agree that nothing could be less important than a sign, small items can often be an indication of how matters of greater consequence are dealt with. And there is something called pride, no matter what the situation is. And so I played my first card, I ranted on about the sign, I offered to personally lend them the cash to replace it with a brand new larger one—a no risk offer of course, there was no way they would accept such a thing—and I shamed them into doing something about it. And now we had something all employees, all customers, all suppliers and everybody else arriving at the premises could appreciate. A huge new sign, yellow lettering on a dark red background, directly above the entrance and washed down once a week.
This had nothing to do with improving operations or profitability of course, but it set the tone, here is a consultant who makes things happen. I walked past reception, no-one there. There should be, it's 8.30 a.m. I'll have to talk to them about that. I got myself a coffee at the machine and entered the boardroom, first door on the left. I was early, the presentation was due at nine o'clock, but I like them to see that I'm always the first one there, something else which sets the tone.
In the first management meeting four months ago, two of them came in late, quite happy about it, full of the joys of life. "Gentlemen," I said, addressing everyone, "I have always noticed that people who arrive late for meetings are very happy. They are always smiling and laughing. But those who are sitting around doing nothing while waiting for them are not so happy. They are nervous, they are busy people, they have things to do all day long, sometimes very urgent things. Tell me," I asked the latecomers, "why are you smiling?" And that of course stopped any late arrivals in future meetings. Not very courteous, I admit, nor intended to be. But the intentions were good ones, setting the tone again.
At five minutes to nine everybody was there and I switched on the beamer.

There were six of them, CEO, CFO, V.P. Sales, V.P. Production, I.T. Director and, yes you always have one, H.R. Director, all men. The latter certainly performs a necessary function but, believe me, CEOs tend to come from engineering, sales or finance. Never from H.R. and quite rightly so, for reasons I prefer not to expound upon. And if I am wrong and somewhere you know of a CEO who came from Human Resources, then that would be the illustrious exception which makes up the rule. Yes.
"Good morning gentlemen," I said, in my louder than usual presentation voice and smiling a big smile. I always smile, it sets the tone, and in any case this was a sincere smile, they were all pretty nice guys.
"As you know," I continued, "we have implemented many things in recent weeks, fairly rapidly thanks to you gentlemen, and some are already having their effect on the P&L. Other items are still in progress. But there is more, and today is going to show us how we can create an estimated 17,000 hours additional annual production at no additional cost. Now I haven't spent my time attempting to value these hours but we're not talking labor productivity costs here which I would put at around £800,000 per year. The question is, what is the value of the additional production we would achieve with these additional hours, in other words the value-added?"
I clicked to the next image.

Nothing more, I keep it as simple as possible. I don't like my presentations to be full of script with me repeating parrot-like whatever is on the screen in case they can't read.
"I have been doing some work on machine set-up operations and I have a comprehensive summary here showing set-up hours per year for each individual machine, the time each set-up takes, and how frequently the set-ups are performed on average per day or per week or whatever. As we know, setting up a production machine to make a different product, or produce a different product size, costs time. And during this time neither the machine nor the employee or employees involved are producing anything. This is, quite simply, lost production time." I handed six copies of the summary to the CFO on my left and they went around the table, each taking one.
"But we're not going to bother dealing with detailed numbers in today's meeting. What I would like to do today is mention a couple of examples, show a video of another one, and then make three recommendations, followed of course by our usual discussion regarding your acceptance or otherwise of the recommendations and/or of any alternatives you may prefer. And, also as usual, whether you wish to handle the implementations yourselves directly or whether you would prefer me to do that."
I certainly had their interest already, and with only a few words shown on the screen. They probably had their misgivings at this stage, at least with regard to the size of the obtainable benefits I was claiming but, have no doubt, that would change by the time the meeting was over.
I clicked to the next image.

Mystery headlines. Get their interest. No doubt some scepticism also. What on earth is he going to be talking about?
"These days, as you know," I went on, "many machines can be set up more or less electronically. But we have no such machines, nor do we have the resources at the present point in time to invest in any. What we do have, is we have 154 old machines of which well over half require regular set-ups, and as you can see from the schedule handed out just now, these set-ups amount to a total of around 34,000 hours per year. We are going to halve that at least, maybe more."
There were disbelieving looks, what an overstatement, what an exaggeration. O.K. you guys, just wait, just you wait and see.
"Let me mention the smallest example first. I was chatting to an employee last week while watching him set up a small piece of equipment involved in a new production run. He had to dismantle the housing, then unbolt some surrounding components so that he could reach far enough inside to enable him to then make the necessary adjustments to the machine, which he did, basically, using a screwdriver. Having done this, he had to reassemble the whole thing again. I asked him how long this usually took and he said about half an hour. I asked him how often he performed this task, and he said twice per day on five similar items of equipment. 'But, Mr. O'Donaghue,' he said, 'it really need take only five minutes.'"
I paused. They were mildly interested, wondering what was coming next.
"'Oh really?' I said. 'Yes,' he replied, 'I just need a screwdriver with a handle about three feet long so that I can reach far enough inside without having to disassemble anything. You can't apply as much pressure with such a long handle but you don't need to, it's enough.' 'Well, why don't you put in a request to your supervisor for that?' I asked. 'I did,' he said, 'twice. Three years ago. I heard nothing. I lost interest. If this is what they want me to do, that's their problem, why should I care?' Well now, I did a quick calculation. With 230 working days per year, gentlemen, he is spending 1,150 hours performing work which, for the sake of a long screwdriver, should only be taking about 190 hours. Nearly 1,000 hours of lost time and wasted labor cost, just on this one small item. Number 45 on your schedule, gentlemen."
Nobody said anything, just a rustling of paper as they searched out the item.
"Example number two," I continued, "are the Vatomats. We have ten of these and they are used, as you know, for mixing certain types of ingredients to produce a certain number of different types of glue…sorry, sorry, adhesive."
There was some chuckling at this; after four months I still had difficulty remembering to use their preferred term.
"As you know, the big blades which hang down into the vats to do the mixing have to be cleaned whenever a different product blend is needed in order to avoid contamination from the previous batch. Production is of course halted while the blades are removed and then cleaned. This takes place on average once every day for each Vatomat and it takes about two hours of hard scraping and cleaning. At the same time, the vats themselves are scraped clean in similar fashion. Now…the solution in this example is simple: we buy up to ten spare blades, we spend fifteen minutes replacing them each time, and production restarts immediately, no need to wait. That would mean we would lose only 575 hours production time each year instead of the current 4,600 hours. In my view, this example alone is indicative of the fact that an overall savings target of at least 17,000 hours annually is eminently achievable."
"There is something I don't understand," said Ron Frisby, the production boss, "how can you restart production before you've finished cleaning the vats?"
"Good point Ron, you can't. This job is done at present by hand. But using industrial grinders, the vat-cleaning job would also only take about fifteen minutes. Cleaning the blades is admittedly a more complicated task, intricate you might say due to their shaped design, but industrial grinders could also be used for that and overall I estimate it would take about an hour per blade. That means that in addition to the saved production time, you would also save a few thousand labor hours cleaning the blades. Then all you need to decide is whether the surplus hours can be productively used elsewhere, or whether it is simply better to reduce headcount."
"But Peter, this really wouldn't be possible. The adhesive leftovers are highly inflammable and just a single spark from an electric grinder could cause a dangerous explosion."
"Yes Ron, I understand that. But not if we buy the specially protected ones. The ones used, for example, to perform unusual or specific cleaning tasks on ships' tanks. Such tools are on the market, or you can even have them custom-made if your requirements are very defined, if there awkward angles to be dealt with and so on. I see no problem there."
I looked at him to see if he had anything to add, maybe I had missed something—it certainly happens on occasion—but he didn't and presumably I hadn't.
"Peter," said Charles Goodridge, the CFO, "The idea sounds like it could be a good one but I seem to recall that those blades cost something in the range of £10,000 each and we just don't have the money to buy one, let alone ten. As you know, we have to scrape everything together every month just to meet our wage bill."
"Charlie, it's good to have a finance guy always thinking about the money," I said with a smile, "but I think you will agree with me that for two months now we haven't exactly had to scrape any money together. We're not making losses any more. The last two monthly P&Ls show a profit and we have a positive cash flow as a result of that. But…if necessary, with a first year payback of, let's say at least 400%, I could personally arrange financing for you or maybe even lend you the money myself for a cheap interest rate of, say, 5% perhaps?"
He smiled back at me. "Point taken, Peter, point taken."
Ron spoke up. "Tell me, Peter, how did you come across this subject?" Aha, looking to find out why one of his supervisors would have talked to me about it, but not to him.
"Well, I was just doing one of my walkabouts on the shop floor and I happened to see somebody cleaning a blade. And so I stopped, and I watched, and I started having some thoughts, possibly very naïve ones I thought to myself at the time, and then I started asking the guy some questions. And I found out that my thoughts were not necessarily naïve at all. I then discussed them with the foreman, and he couldn't find anything stupid about them either. And I then worked out the numbers. That's it."
Ron didn't say anything. He looked a bit embarrassed in fact, not surprising with his boss sitting there. But in reality, he had nothing to be embarrassed about at all. It's easy when you are a guy from the outside, you start querying everything, some of your questions are amateurish or even downright stupid, but on the other hand some of them are not. More proof that consultancy is easy, if you ask me. Just walk around, look, ask questions, and listen.
"Gentlemen, I am only giving us a couple of examples here and it may well be that we need to look more closely at what, at first sight, appear to be clear cut cases. But here is the last item I wish to show today and it's a video of another set-up. I had the video made six weeks ago after obtaining agreement from the works council and the employee himself and guaranteeing in writing that we would only make one copy and return it to them after we have finished with it. Mind you, I told them they might want to keep it instead of destroying it, use it for small group training purposes. We will see in which way when I get to my recommendations."
I switched on the video. It showed an employee starting to do a machine set up. However, after about ten minutes the employee suddenly straightened up and walked away, going off-screen.
"What's happening?" asked Fred Staples, CEO, his first words in today's session.
I stopped the video. "Well, Fred, he can't find a tool he needs and so he's gone off to find it." And yes, I knew what the next question was going to be.
"But if he knew you were going to video him," said Fred, "why didn't he make sure he had the tool with him?"
"Ah," I replied, "that is the point. That tool is supposed to be hanging up on a tool board a few feet away. Look, there it is in the video, quite a few empty spaces on the board. The problem is that other guys often take the tools they need for something they're doing and then they are supposed to bring them back and hang them up in their proper place again."
"But they don't," said Fred.
"But they don't," I replied, "at least often enough they don't. Our guy is now hunting for the tool in several of the different factory areas where he knows from experience it might be."
"From experience?" Charlie this time.
"Yup, this happens to him quite a lot," I said, "but this time he got lucky, he'll be back in another two minutes."
I restarted the video and, sure enough, our guy eventually reappeared on the screen and continued working until his set-up was complete. It had taken him forty minutes. He turned and waved at the camera and strolled off in the direction of a coffee machine. I stopped the film again and told them that we had then formed a group with this guy and three of his colleagues, who met twice a week for one hour—no more time available—with the goal of introducing improvements to reduce the time needed for this set-up operation. The costs of the improvements were not to exceed £4,000 maximum. We placed a factory floor office at their disposal for the meetings, and made sure that coffee, tea and biscuits were available.
And after only four weeks they had not only come up with a lot of ideas but they had also implemented them.
"This, gentlemen," I continued, "is how the set-up looks now." And I triggered the video again.
The set-up took about eight seconds. Unscrew, slide into place, lock, screw.
"Miss it?" I asked, "I'll show it again."
Eight seconds.
"That's it. They had some clever ideas and they hardly cost any money. One of the ideas was to create a forced locking point for the measurement gauge, no more need to keep adjusting it until it's right and," I added meaningfully, "the additional benefit is improved quality, which not only means happier customers, but also less scrap or rework. This gauge is now accurately placed to the millimeter, automatic each time, no trial starts to a production run, no re-feeding, no throwing defects away. Want to see it again?"
I showed it to them again. Eight seconds. Nobody said anything.
"And now to my recommendations. You may wish to consider setting up small groups of employees, each group being tasked with reviewing a single operation from the schedule I have given you. They will only be able to meet fo0r an hour or so each week but, believe me, they will be really motivated, they will enjoy it, they are being asked to do something requiring a lot of thought, and they are away from their routine tasks. It's creative, and it is also pleasant for them to be able sit in an office once a week and have the company supply them with refreshments."
I paused, waited for comments or questions. There were none, so I continued.
"My second recommendation is that we also study which of these set-up operations can be performed outside of production hours, i.e. either before or after production hours. That would further add to our production volumes and at the same time we wouldn't have a lot of employees hanging around doing nothing until someone has set up their machines for the next production run."
I paused again but nobody was saying anything.
"And my third recommendation is—remember the example of the guy and his screwdriver—that we set up an employee suggestion scheme. A permanent one. But a permanent scheme must be properly managed. Every employee must always receive an immediate answer to his or her suggestion, and be regularly informed of the situation until a decision is taken. And if the suggestion is accepted, he or she must be informed of its completion. With a big thank you. You may also wish to create a prize for the best suggestion or two each quarter, or once a year if you prefer, nothing expensive, perhaps a weekend for two persons in Paris via the Eurostar—or whatever. But, frankly, a prize is not necessary. Money is not the real issue here, money is not why most people make suggestions. We make suggestions because it makes us feel we are contributing something, it makes us feel useful, and like everybody else, we like to know that we are at least being listened to, and we also enjoy receiving a small show of recognition from time to time."
Nothing could be truer. I paused and looked at beach one of the attendees, whose own particular enjoyment of recognition was usually to be found in the receipt of bonuses, stock options and so on.
"But a word of warning," I continued, "most employee suggestion schemes eventually collapse, and sometimes fairly quickly. The schemes slowly cease to be managed and controlled properly. Management interest declines or wasn't sufficient in the first place, employees note the disinterest and the logical result is that the schemes just simply fade away. If this could turn out to be possible here at Clark's, if you are not convinced of the value of such a scheme, if you are not going to commit yourselves and some of your time on a continuous basis, then I recommend you do not even start. You would avoid the resulting loss of respect and confidence in management."
I looked around me, smiled and added, "As and when our profitability is such that we can afford to invest in more modern machinery, then obviously a significant portion of this particular issue will resolve itself. In the meantime, we first of all have to create that kind of profitability, and this is just another of those areas in which, in my view, we can do some work to achieve that."
I was finished, took a long swig of water.
"Thank you gentlemen, and now your comments, thoughts and criticisms are as usual very welcome."
There was some stirring around the table and a few sidelong glances at Fred.
"Ron?" said Fred.
"Hmm…..well it certainly seems to be something we should take a look at. I'd like to discuss it with my shop floor supervisors. I'm not so sure about the employee suggestion scheme. As you know we tried that about five years ago. It took up a lot of our time and it didn't work."
I'll believe that, I thought to myself. Like 80% of all companies they probably had no idea how to run it, and nowhere near enough top management involvement to ensure its ongoing success. I would have to help them on this one, tell them what needs doing, how to organize it, who has responsibilities for what, and make it clear that they had to devote some personal time, no matter how busy they were.
"Go ahead and talk to your guys, Ron," said Fred, "but do it quickly please. It seems to me that this is something we should get moving on fast, Peter's examples appear downright convincing to me."
He looked meaningfully at his production boss and then turned to me.
"Peter," he said, "Many thanks for the presentation. I recall your first one, about three months ago I think, when we were all wondering what this 'consultant' with no experience in our industry could possibly bring to the table. Your subject on that occasion was product mix. That had us scurrying around checking up on your statistics and confirming what you had already told us: namely, that these were our own sales and marketing people's opinions in the first place. And, as you know, we took some important decisions as a result."
Thus proving that yet another definition of consultant was alive and well. A consultant is a person who is paid a lot of money to tell management what their own employees have been trying to tell them for years.
"Since then you have made several presentations and recommendations, and although we have chosen not to implement everything," and here he paused for a moment and grinned, "we have certainly chosen to implement almost everything. And you have also done a lot of the implementing for us."
He paused again and looked around the table. There came an 'indeed', a 'hear, hear' and a couple of nods. Oh we're all the same, I love the recognition too, exaggerated or not, don't we all? Good for the soul, if one happens to know what a soul is.
"And," continued Fred, "regarding today's subject matter, I think we will pursue your recommendations ourselves. I believe there are one or two other items you are still working on?"
"Yes, Fred," I replied, "There are still a couple of areas where I believe I can contribute, but due to the postponement of Friday's H.Q. meeting until next Monday, I have no idea whether the bosses will wish me to continue or, if so, for how long. In the meantime I'll be spending a few days at home in Germany."
"Well, with the hours you've put in here, I am sure none of us will be grudging you that. No problem, we'll wait to hear either from you or from Roger himself—but in the event you are not to continue, you would hopefully drop by to say cheerio?"
"Fred," I said, "I wouldn't dream of not doing so. All of you guys, and your staff, have been incredibly cooperative, courteous and friendly towards this disruptive intruder here, you have made my stay a really enjoyable one. I would hope that the very least we can do is to sink a couple of pints before I disappear into the mists of time."
"We'll do our best on that Peter, but let's hope you will be with us for a while longer. Any more questions or comments, folks, before we adjourn?"
There were no questions or comments. Best wishes for an enjoyable few days in Germany, see you soon, and that was that.
I grabbed a coffee at the machine, chatted with a couple of staff members while drinking it, and stepped outside. The rain had stopped and the sun was even shining. I smoked a cigarette and got into my car. Checked my watch, 11.45. I decided to take the slow road back to London, relax, see what's going on in suburbia, and stop for lunch at a decent restaurant I know on the river. The A4 takes you past the turn-off to Windsor and its castle, past the M25 ring road and past Heathrow airport. It takes you through commercial centers, some looking O.K., others run down, and it takes you through different ethnic areas, only a few white faces, the world is global sure enough.
I stopped to tank the car. The petrol pump didn't work. It's the electricity, I was told, it doesn't work sometimes. I drove on to the next station. Their pumps worked but their automatic carwash was defective. Nor did their machine accept my Maestro card. It's a foreign card, said the cashier and I wasn't about to tell him that it works throughout Europe and it works everywhere else in England. It's not a good idea to start up that kind of conversation in the U.K.
I paid cash and drove off. Immediately after passing a Hindu temple, I saw a manual carwash operation. I drove in. There were about eight dark-skinned employees dealing with a small queue of cars and cleaning them inside and out. The boss man, who wore a turban, took the customers' money—cash only, but only £5—and I had the cleanest exterior and interior I've had in a long time. The interior, you understand, is always a problem for us smokers.
I turned off after passing Chiswick but before reaching Hammersmith, found a parking spot in one of the side roads close to the river, and walked on down to the restaurant.
I smoked a pre-meal cigarette, went inside, ordered a chicken salad and a glass of red and looked out at the river, with the amateur joggers trotting by, the fat and the obese staggering and swaying along in their desperate and doomed attempts to achieve they know not what, and the real runners getting in their training time. What a way to earn another €1,200 today—I will just have to add in another few hours 'analytical' work on the old time sheets. The time sheets are neither necessary nor required of course, but good old Peter O'Donaghue always hands them in together with his invoices—it shows honesty and transparency to the guys who are forking out the money. And that analytical work is honest enough in its way, I sometimes do do some thinking about the day's issues or finish creating a couple of statistics. And why should anyone care if I happen to do it in a pub, so what?
My meal arrived quickly. I got to thinking that I could be out of here by about 2 o'clock, which meant that I could drive straight to the M25 and be in Dover at 4 o'clock or near enough, and therefore home before midnight. Or soon after, you lose an hour on the time zone difference.
But…..why kill myself? Back to my nice hotel, enjoy the evening, up early tomorrow—but not too early—drive down to Dover, lunch on the ferry, pretty ghastly food but they do serve mushy peas, and home at around 8 p.m. And another €1,200, they pay my travelling time.
Unless….unless I go and take another look at Jeremy Parker. A waste of time of course. But also interesting. And fun of course. And then, there is that chance of the €100,000 payment. About the same chance as my lottery ticket back in Germany, with its odds of 140 million to one for the jackpot, but I'll be checking up on it nevertheless, oh yes, you never can tell with the mentally damaged.
Well, I don't know, we'll see. So…tonight is decided, I'm going back to the hotel. And tomorrow will be either Jeremy Parker and Germany, or just Germany. Depends how I feel.

DAY 5
I woke up at 8 o'clock, had my poached eggs, toast and coffee and decided to take a cab for another chat with friend Jeremy, see what he had to say for himself this time. Curious. I decided to check out of the hotel in case I wanted to head back to Germany straight after the meeting. I stuck my luggage into the car and went back up to reception.
Little Miss Ugly was at the desk, she hoped I had enjoyed my stay, she hoped they would be seeing me again, she was probably hoping I would throw her into bed the next time at the first opportunity. Yes, I said, I'll be back, I wouldn't want to miss enjoying this great desk service again, it made my whole stay. I looked straight at her and held the smile. She went red in the face but managed to say 'Why, thank you sir". Flustered she was, but with a dreamy smile. Dream away baby. Spread a little more happiness, that's my motto, keep the world turning on a well-oiled axis.
It was raining again, but no problem with cabs at this hotel. I arrived at the Royal Strand Towers about 10 minutes early and decided to wait a few minutes in the reception area, still raining hard. I sat on a sofa and stared at the porter behind his desk. He stared at me, it beats me why some of them have a birth defect preventing them from saying something as simple as good morning. But no time for training today, not the place for it either, and in any case not in the mood. I took the stairs up to the first floor and into Obrix Consultants.
Well there was certainly activity here today. A couple of telephones were ringing, some people were going in and out of the offices down the passageway, I could hear voices. I could also see the receptionist behind her expensive desk. Hats off to poor, mad Jeremy, he had hired a female who probably had the customers asking where to sign the contracts before they had even said good morning. It wasn't just the way she looked, which was like a film star or a model, a non-skinny one that is, it was this aura of eroticism which poured out of her in flowing waves like the gamma rays from an eruption on the sun.
It wasn't as if she was consciously doing anything to try and create this impression. Some women are just born that way and some are not. She was.
She was doing absolutely nothing except sitting there being quietly professional and even her smile was a politely restrained one as she enquired, "Good morning sir, may I help you?" Well yes, she could of course, she could start by wiping away my metaphorical sweat and then going on to perform other loving tasks. Except she wouldn't, I didn't think so anyway, her list of Tarzan-type boyfriends must be a mile long, or at least a kilometer. And even if she would, having to live with a permanent and massive quantity of virile competition is not my thing, I don't need it. "Good morning," I said, also with a smile, also a restrained one, while doing my best not to melt away into something like Jeremy's swamp scum, "I have an appointment with Mr. Parker."
"Oh yes sir, Mr. O'Donaghue isn't it? Mr. Parker asked me to show you straight through to the meeting room. If you would come this way, please."
Automatic check, an obsolete one nowadays, no rings on her fingers. I followed her down the corridor, transfixed on the rear view, a mobile version of a sexual heaven, she had to know what havoc she was creating in her wake, she's been doing it all her adult life, and maybe since before then. And the legs, oh yes. I wouldn't die for them of course, but I would honestly and sincerely be prepared to undergo a considerable amount of excruciating torture—within limits—to be allowed to get anywhere near them.
She knocked on the meeting room door and opened it. "Mr. O'Donaghue, sir," she said and then she disappeared, quickly, quietly, smoothly, and—although I didn't get the time for another look—no doubt erotically as well.
"Good morning, Mr. O'Donaghue, I am extremely happy to see you again, I must admit I was somewhat uncertain as to whether you would decide to come or not."
Jeremy stood up, indicated the same chair as the one I had occupied previously and sat himself in his chosen place, one space between us. Good. He was wearing a grey suit today, thin-striped, an expensive air about it, obviously tailored, and a bright red tie, some flowery design on it. Otherwise he looked the same, short blond hair, pleasant moon-shaped face, as immaculate as on the previous two occasions.
"Shall I call for some coffee?" he asked, "or are you O.K. with water or a soft drink?"
Coffee would mean that dream coming into the room again, but I said water please. I wanted to get through today's bit of fun as quickly as possible and then off on the open road to all points south.
I watched the rain bucketing down between the two buildings as he went over to the corner table, opened two bottles and brought them back to our table together with two glasses. I hoped the rain would let up soon, it makes a big difference. I drive very fast when it's dry and very slowly when it's not.
"Well, Mr. O'Donaghue……"
"Peter is fine by me, not so formal, if that's O.K. with you of course, Mr. Parker."
"Naturally, naturally, absolutely. Much more sociable. And I am Jeremy of course."
He beamed at these pleasantries. I have to concede that he really came across as a fully agreeable and courteous person. And a perfectly normal one if you didn't know better. But with lunatics you have to be careful, they can be smiling and full of the joys of life one minute, and the next thing you know, they've pulled a submachine gun and started to mow you down and everyone else in sight to boot.
"From now on Peter," he continued, "you will be doing most of the talking in our meetings. I will just be putting in a few questions here and there. And to start us off, I have prepared a small list of subjects for the first few meetings. These initial subjects are generalized ones, macro items you might say, and we can continue subsequent meetings with some more objective items. More targeted ones would be the best way to put it, depending on which subjects I wish to pursue on a more detailed level."
He handed me a sheet of paper:
Interaction with Other Species
Interaction among Selves
Social and Organizational Characteristics
Environmental Management
Beliefs and Superstitions
Well, well, well, well. Just how deluded can deluded people get? He certainly lived on a detailed level in that lunatic little world of his. Amazing, the various ways in which aberrations of the mind can manifest themselves, the specialists have a fascinating occupation, no doubt about it.
"As you may have noted in our last meeting, Peter, I know a few things about your planet. Quite a lot, or not very much, depending on how you look at it. My research has been extremely limited due to setting everything up you understand, the takeover, if you will, of Jeremy Parker, finding an apartment, organizing a bank account and other administrative necessities, the acquisition and building up of this group of companies, the search for an interviewee and so on, and…."
"But," I interrupted, and this one will be interesting, "with your alien brain, you probably know more than any single human being on the planet already. You probably have banks of computers set up somewhere and have absorbed and memorized immense quantities of information and continue to do so on a daily basis. In fact…."
"In fact, no, Peter," he replied with one of his particular moon-face smiles. "Certainly our brains are more knowledgeable than yours, they are more advanced and they are better developed; but then you would expect that. We have, after all, been around for a lot longer than you. Our civilization will soon be celebrating, as you would term it, 2.5 billion years as a species. But it doesn't mean that our brains are bigger or faster than yours. Quite the contrary, they are very much the same in those respects."
Amazing, the intricacies he has conjured up and stored to sustain his alien theory and, in this case, to explain why his superior, but temporarily earthbound, alien brain is neither bigger nor faster than mine.
"What do you mean, 'as we would term it?'", I asked.
"Why," he said, "if your species survives for as long as we have, a possibility about which I have sincere reservations by the way, you would be more intelligent than you are now and you would not be 'celebrating' anniversaries of any kind. A waste of time, a pointless and meaningless exercise, serving no identifiable purpose and yielding no discernible benefits."
"And so," he went on, "I have learned a lot about your planet and your species but there is a lot I don't know. And in any case, I need at least one inhabitant's views on things, whether pertaining to the facts I already have, or to ones of which I am not yet aware. This is a thesis requirement. It not only provides an insight into examples of social, psychological and philosophical behavior and thought, but it also serves to provide a contrast between the facts as we see them, and the facts as seen by the species under study. But let us move on. This first set of meetings will take time, several weeks, as I will need to take a few days in between each one to research the matters you raise and the information you provide. This confirmation of the facts as you see them is a necessity. I cannot transmit any unconfirmed, unsupported or unanalyzed transcripts to my professor, you understand."
Transmit? To his professor? Oh dear, oh dear, oh dearie me, Krishna, please help me. Krishna, by the way, is one of many Hindu gods and is usually portrayed as a child and a prankster and that seems to me to be an appropriate choice here. Krishna is in fact the eighth incarnation of Vishnu, one of the 'great gods', the main god of Vaishnavism in fact. He has four arms and still has another incarnation to come. So it is said. But I probably could have requested assistance from an even more pertinent god had I known who they all were. The Hindus believe in around 330 million deities, or so it is said. It is also said, however, that this was due to an error in the translation of the original scripts and consequently many of the Hindu sects believe in a mere 33 gods. Whatever. I haven't the faintest idea and, need I say it, I couldn't care less. I looked out of the window. Still pouring.
"If you would kindly return the list to me, Peter, I would be grateful."
Certainly my friend, your property. I handed him his list.
"Thank you. And now off we go on the first subject. I appreciate that your knowledge may be far from comprehensive on all or any of these subjects, but that doesn't matter at all, you are my interviewee and it is your personal understandings that I am after. As I have just said, I'll be doing any necessary follow-up research on them afterwards. Please go ahead."
Well, I've come this far, let me give him what he wants. Amazing though, how anyone so mentally damaged could act and look and sound so sane.
"Interaction with Other Species," I said, "In other words, how we relate to the other animals on our planet. I have a few facts, I wrote a couple of articles on animals once, but they are all fairly negative facts, I'm afraid."
"That doesn't matter," said Jeremy, "just fire away."
I took a long swallow from my glass and started off.
"First of all, I said, "you need to understand that there are now over 7 billion of us humans on this planet and you need to understand that we kill over 160 billion animals each year. And we subject millions more to physical and mental abuse and torture. Also every year."
"To put it another way," I continued, "we kill 438 million animals every day. That's 18 million animals per hour, or 300,000 animals per minute, or 5,000 animals per second. Or if you prefer to consider only the land animals, 2,000 of them per second. Of the annual 160 billion, 100 billion are marine animals, including of course marine mammals such as whales, seals and so forth. And of the 60 billion land animals, about 50 billion are chickens, and I mean chickens, not hens. We breed them, we give them four weeks of life, a grisly parody of a life at that, and then we kill them. That's all they get, hardly a life at all really."
Jeremy was giving me an expressionless stare. "Did you say 50 billion chickens? That seems like a huge number."
"Not really," I said. "You shouldn't forget that the human population has gone from 2 billion to 7 billion in one single human lifespan; since World War II in other words. If you subtract the number of male chickens which are killed when they hatch—because they don't lay eggs—it's only about one chicken every two months for each adult human."
"Even so," said Jeremy, "how can you manage to kill so many?"
"No problem," I replied.
And it wasn't a problem, I had researched this for an article I wrote as a teenager. "Human beings are expert at killing anything, including—just by the way, Jeremy—themselves. First of all, we use machines to catch the birds, including, for those birds lucky enough to be allowed to wander around outside, machines which resemble harvesting machines and weigh five tons. They are fitted with rubber prongs and scoop up about 100 birds per minute. The birds are rammed into large crates and then transported to the slaughter house. Here they can wait for up to ten hours without food or water before they are moved into the plant's 'live-hang' area. In that area, moving conveyors clamp their feet and hang them upside down which causes severe damage to their legs and hips, the agony of which is even worse for those caught by only one leg. The conveyor then takes them through an electrified water trough, which paralyzes their muscles. This serves to prevent them from thrashing around when they get to the slaughter line. It also has a couple of handy side-benefits. The muscles of their feather follicles are also paralyzed, so the feathers come out more easily after they have been killed. Also, by not being able to flap their wings while they die, there are no broken wing bones. This is important, Jeremy, as broken wings cannot be marketed to consumers of 'buffalo wings'."
"These birds are still alive?"
"Oh, very much so. They are paralyzed but they are fully conscious as they are moved onto the next step in the process. This is a rotating machine blade which cuts both carotid arteries. It is important to keep the birds alive during the slaughtering process so that their hearts will continue to pump out the blood. The next stage is the so-called bleed-out tunnel—they are still hanging upside down—where they are supposed to die from blood loss after approximately 90 seconds. Unfortunately, millions of birds do not comply with this timeframe, particularly those whose arteries were missed by the cutting machine. But dead or alive, the birds are then swept into tanks of scalding water and the live ones are scalded to death, thrashing and kicking and with their eyeballs bursting out of their heads."
"And these birds are sentient throughout the whole process?" Jeremy asked.
"Indeed they are," I replied. "They have a central nervous system and they have the same biological reactions as we do. They experience pain and fear and they know what is happening to them. They try to get away from the killing machine, but they can't. And while they are bleeding, some of them even try to hide from you by sticking their head under the wing of the chicken next to them. But of course their muscles have been paralyzed and so they don't work properly. But their eyes still work. You can see their eyes looking at you."
"And there is no better way to do this?"
"Not really, Jeremy. Death by gassing or decompression has been tried and may still be used here and there, for all I know. As for the older hens, the so-called 'spent' hens which slaughter factories don't want, they are more often than not simply buried alive in landfills. And of course, it's even easier with newborn male chicks. As I have mentioned, they don't produce eggs and so they are just thrown into a shredding machine after birth; it's just like shredding paper. Alternatively, they are simply thrown back onto the pile of discarded eggshells from which they have just emerged, and disposed of with the rest of the trash."
Jeremy did not appear unduly affected by any of this. "I see," he said. "You appear to have it all pretty well organized. Quite efficient. Mass slaughter experts. And now we could perhaps move on, Peter?"
"Certainly, Jeremy. Each year we also kill about 2.5 billion ducks, 1.5 billion pigs—we allow pigs a life of about 6 months, nice of us—1 billion rabbits, 800 million turkeys, 600 million geese, 600 million sheep, 400 million goats, 350 million cows and their children, 80 million rodents, 80 million birds, 20 million dogs, 9 million horses and donkeys, 5 million cats, and so on. Every year. In fact there is nothing we don't kill on this planet, Jeremy. We kill every living species, it's just the way we are. Every single thing that moves. We do it either on a vast scale or on a limited scale, it depends on the species. And, because there are so many of us now, we no longer have enough animals for our purposes and so we need to 'create' more, or breed more as we prefer to say, it sounds nicer. We have animal 'farms' as we call them and, for marine life, 'fish farms'."
"Created in order to be killed," said Jeremy.
"Yes. And we also love killing just as a form of entertainment, to the extent that we have created sports whose sole purpose is to allow humans to enjoy the act of slaughtering and butchering animals to death, either as killers or as spectators. Firstly, there is the 'normal' hunting sport, usually lots of males wandering around the countryside or forests looking for something to kill because it makes them feel good, allows them to experience power. In most parts of the planet, we have what we call 'hunting seasons', that sounds better than 'killing seasons'. A lot of excuses are invented to pretend that the killing is necessary for 'animal nuisance control' or 'environmental protection purposes', most of which is a load of crap, if you will pardon the expression Jeremy. The fact is that the 'killing seasons' do not exist in order to reduce the number of animals and birds, you could do that at any time. On the contrary, they exist to ensure that not too many are killed, or killed at the wrong time of the year, which would negatively affect their procreation rates, which would mean there would not be enough of them around for us to kill the following year, or the years after that. Of course, some of the guys who enjoy performing the killing say that they don't. They say that they are forced to do it or that they are trying to help the human race. And it is not just the killers, oh no, the whole killing exercise is authorized by bunches of pin-striped birdbrains, sitting in comfortable chairs in comfortable government offices and who decide exactly what and how much killing should be permitted. All over the world. That is just the way it is, it's all more or less thoroughly organized. The animals don't have a chance, they don't have a say in the matter."
"Interesting," said Jeremy. "Not very pleasant, but interesting from a psychological point of view."
"Interesting indeed it is," I agreed. "We also have other sports involving animal deaths. We cage dogs, we starve them, and then we stage dog fights with them. To the death. You can place bets on the outcome. We do the same with cock fights and so on. We also have a sport called bull fighting which involves a bull fighting for its life—hopelessly and impossibly—against several human beings. Thousands of spectators watch these shows and therefore the show needs to be made to last for longer than a couple of minutes. We have invented a long, slow, agonizing death process completely ignoring the terrible suffering it causes the animal. We breed special bulls solely for this purpose. And we don't even make it a fair fight either, that would be too dangerous for the humans, and we can't have that, it would take the fun away. So before the bulls arrive at the arena, we shave their horns to reduce the risk of injury. And once in the arena, the bulls are then tormented by humans on horses who drive spears into their necks in order to weaken the neck muscles, make their heads hang low and cause a loss of blood. We then goad them into chasing the bullfighter for as long as it takes to for them to exhaust themselves totally. The spectators love that. And finally we kill them by driving a spear down through their hearts. Except that it doesn't always work. Last year, one of the bullfighters who had missed the heart stared down for a long while at his bull, which had sunk to its knees, blood pouring out of its ears, unable to die just yet, and then proceeded in a rage to kick it and kick it. Which didn't work either. In the end, an assistant had to jump into the ring and drive another spear into the animal. Which by this time only wanted to die anyway, get away from the humans."
I got up and fetched myself another bottle of water. Jeremy was looking at me in a thoughtful, perhaps disbelieving way.
"But you kill a lot of the animals," he said, "in order to be able to eat them, isn't that so?"
"Yes, Jeremy, it is so" I replied, "but we also kill them for a lot of other reasons as well."
"Such as?"
"Such as because we like their skins. Such as because we like their fur. Such as because we like to use them to test for possible deadly effects of new medications. Such as because we like to perform cancer tests. Such as because we like to test newly researched cosmetics. And new household products. And so on. We have a lot of reasons, you name it. And we justify all of this by saying that God put the animals there for us to do what the hell we feel like with them. And so that's exactly what we do."
What a depressing subject. Particularly if, like me, you are not convinced of the existence of God. Of any god, take your pick.
"Let me tell you about the baby seals, Jeremy," I continued. "Baby ones. We love to kill them also. We do it year in, year out, non-stop. As usual, on the one hand you have the suit and tie brigade, the politicians, the birdbrains, who authorize it, and on the other hand you have the killers themselves who lovingly perform the job. The latter are not a problem to find, there are always plenty of human killers available no matter where you go. They are not forced to do it, on the contrary they are very happy to do it, usually for the money. Now, these birdbrains authorize the slaughter of around a quarter of a million of these baby animals each and every year, on average. And let me tell you that the birdbrains in general rarely know how to enforce any of the decisions they manage to take, it's too difficult for them to figure out how, and there is no exception to that maxim on this occasion either. Consequently the death quotas are exceeded by an average of 40% each year. The favored killing weapon is also authorized by the sit-on-your-pinstriped-ass brigade, to use another of my friend Steve's nomenclatures. This is called a hakapik, and it is a heavy wooden club with a hammer head and a curved metal hook on the end. This is the last thing the babies see, or feel, before being dispatched back into non-existence. Those that are lucky that is, investigations show that 42% of the babies are skinned alive and this is also condoned by the aforementioned brigade, whether willingly, because of incompetence, or simply due to inertia, I am not in a position to know. And of course, thanks to certain other activities of the human race, the poor seal mothers nowadays have difficulty in finding enough ice floes to give birth on in the first place, but the reward for those which manage it is to witness the appearance of the human being and his clubs, and the subsequent slaughter of their babies."
"Extraordinary," said Jeremy. "Your species is certainly an unusual one. Quite brutal. And it doesn't sound to me as if you yourself are much in favor of some of these activities. Quite ruthless ones, I must say."
"Jeremy, I am just stating facts, those facts of which I am aware. Whether I consider the way we deal with animals to be a laugh, a great piece of fun, a necessity, or whether it disgusts me to the core, is unimportant. It's unimportant because I cannot change the human race, and I'm not even going to try. If the human race is a cruel race, if it commits abominable crimes against the defenseless cohabitants of its planet, I just accept that that is the way it is, that is the way we are. I am neutral on the subject. I am just providing you with the facts, some of them anyway."
"But do you kill all of the other species or just selected ones?"
"More or less all of them as far as I am aware. As I said before, if it moves, we kill it. Legally or illegally, doesn't matter. There may be some exceptions but I can't think of any at the moment. We even kill species we don't know about yet."
"Really? And how do you manage that may I ask?"
"Marine fishing," I said. "We fish heavily using a method called bottom-trawling. This is done using a trawl, basically a heavy fishing net which is dragged along the ocean floor. It functions as a plough, stirring up the seabed itself and scaring the fish toward the mouth of the net. In fact, it is like fishing with a bulldozer. These nets catch or crush everything in their path, including exotic squid, sea spiders, crustaceans and many of the estimated two million species we have not yet discovered, or not yet catalogued."
"And this is also an authorized activity?"
"Yes, Jeremy, authorized by the same elected clowns—more of my friend's terminology—whom I mentioned before, and implemented by those for whom killing is a profession for which they get paid."
"And nobody tries to stop it?" he asked.
"Oh yes," I replied, "but unsuccessfully of course. Typical of the human race, always arguing with itself. There have been many proposals to the U.N. in recent years for a global ban on deep sea trawling but, you guessed it, they have all been blocked by those U.N. members who prefer to continue with the destruction."
I stretched myself, drank some more water.
"Anything that moves, Jeremy, anything that moves. Even the raccoons in Germany."
"There are raccoons in Germany?"
"There are indeed, thanks to us. Raccoons were imported into Europe in the middle of the 20th century so that we could breed them and then kill them for their fur. Of course, some escaped, reproduced and became a nuisance. How dare they bother the human race like this? Who do they think they are? And so we do what we always do with things which bother us, we kill them, 70,000 last year in Germany alone. Appropriately approved, the killers appropriately paid, everything as it should be.
"Hmm. O.K. Fair enough. I think I can say that I've had my fill on what appears to be your species' congenital predilection for killing. But you also mentioned that you torture millions of animals as well. Now I find that equally as interesting. Why would you want to do something like that? Isn't killing them enough? What exactly is it that you do, and what for?"
Boy, is this a heavy session. I am not exactly enjoying it to tell the truth. It's depressing. It's also really weird to be explaining to a deranged person what it is that occurs on his own planet. But in for a penny, in for a pound, as the geriatrics still say. I looked out of the window again. Hey, no rain! And sunshine, intermittent, but it's a bonus, sunshine always cheers me up, you too presumably.
I took a deep breath, drank some more water, and got back to the job at hand.
"This is an unpleasant meeting Jeremy, not your fault, the subject matter is not very gratifying, that's all. It's unpleasant because you have to understand to begin with that the human race is a harsh, merciless, unpitying race. To be able to understand our species' capability for unrelenting and endless cruelty, not only toward the other more helpless inhabitants of our planet, but also—you better believe it—toward ourselves, you would literally need to be clinically insane."
"Which you still think I am, Peter," interrupted Jeremy, a broad grin spread across his wide round face.
What a blunder, stupid of me. But deranged or not, he is no fool, obviously not, he knows what I'm thinking.
"Well, I wouldn't quite say that," I said, politeness to the fore, smiling back, keep this meeting on an even keel for goodness' sake, "otherwise you would be able to understand what I am about to explain, which I don't think you will." I got out of that one nicely, I think.
"I'll start off the easy way," I continued, "with something that most of us humans do not in fact consider to be torture. Zoos."
"Zoos?"
"Yes. What happens is that we kidnap, capture is a more tender word, large numbers of land animals, birds and fish, we place them in cages or water containers, and we transport them from their natural habitats—the few remaining ones they have—to our own world, our own soulless concrete world, thousands of kilometers away from their homes, different temperatures, different smells, different everything, and we put them into prisons, often concrete ones, for the remainder of their natural lives. They lead cold, artificial and lonely lives, there is nothing for them to do and there is nothing for them to eat except what we humans give them. And then they die. Actually, we also kill them. The slaughtering of—for example—healthy young giraffes and the feeding of them to the lions is a cost-effective nutrition method used by some zoos. The international press was recently criticizing a zoo in Denmark for doing this."
"And why do you create these zoos, Peter?"
"We do that so that our offspring can gawk at the animals, some adults too. But usually only once or twice during our lifetimes."
"You put these animals into prisons for the whole of their lifetimes, just so that you can look at them once or twice?"
"Yes, that is precisely what we do. As I told you Jeremy, we do whatever we want with them. We don't think there is anything wrong with it. It is our God-given right, you see. We also capture animals in order to put them into cages in places we call circuses. These animals are put through strict training programs to force them to perform tricks which go against their nature, but which are fun for our offspring to watch. And because the tricks are unnatural ones, the training has to be strenuous and disciplined and it involves the infliction of pain as often and as severely as necessary. The animals are then released from their cages from time to time and compelled to perform in a small arena in front of screaming human children, after which we lock them up again until the next performance."
"You do this to them, destroy their lives, just in order to amuse your children?"
"Mainly yes, but there is also a sprinkling of adult humans who like to be amused in the same way."
And do you really need to amuse yourselves in this way?"
"Need? No, of course we don't need to, Jeremy. The problem lies with our mentality, we convince ourselves that we do need to do it, we need to amuse ourselves and our offspring in this way. It's real fun. We have decided that other forms of entertainment, those not involving animals, do not constitute a wide enough variety for us and so we have to do this as well. Plus, they're only animals, what on earth is all the fuss about? That is our attitude toward the whole matter, Jeremy. Same as with the animal actors."
"Animal actors?" asked Jeremy. He wasn't raising his voice, he was clearly interested, but there was a touch of bewilderment about him, amazement perhaps, maybe even stupefaction.
"Yes, well….we also capture animals and transport them here to be actors. Mainly chimpanzees. We also imprison them in cages of course, put them through disciplined training programs, dress them up in our clothes and force them to be actors in our movies and commercials. Very funny, we think."
"And may I ask," said Jeremy, "for how long you force them to do this?"
"Well, in the case of chimpanzees, they last about six years as actors. At around that time they become too strong-willed, too wilful. Too stubborn. So as thanks, we either kill them, or we put them behind bars for the remainder of their natural lives. Which can be for up to around forty years."
"Poor unfortunate creatures," murmured Jeremy.
"Perhaps, Jeremy, but those animals are the lucky ones, believe me. We put others into even tinier cages and these cages are in places we call laboratories. Cold, barren, lonely places, minuscule cages. And we permanently hold over 200 million of them like this, including primates, and they never, ever, see the light of day again."
I finished off my water, went and fetched another bottle from the table, brought one for Jeremy too.
"These creatures are locked in and subjected to horrific experiments, living a life of such pain, fear and loneliness that it is impossible for us to imagine. Not that we attempt to, of course, we are not interested, why should we be? As I have mentioned, the human being uses them to test the effects of things like new household products, new cosmetics, new medicines and anything else he feels he would like to test. The animals are forced to inhale toxic fumes, they are subjected to corrosive chemicals, they are force-fed pesticides, they have electrodes and other objects surgically implanted into their bodies and also into their brains. And they are often operated on, sometimes repeatedly, usually to remove a certain organ or organs for inspection. Many of these creatures are also dissected and, whether you want to believe it or not, sometimes while still alive. Those animals which don't die as a result of these loving ministrations end up being poisoned, blinded or worse, and any survivors are killed afterwards anyway. Others simply die from the cancer or other horrific illnesses we have injected them with. The end to a life of psychic terror, incredible pain and heartbreaking loneliness. Many of them literally go mad, they spin around and around non-stop in circles, they rock permanently back and forth, many constantly self-inflict major wounds by repeatedly biting themselves, and most of them shake with unimaginable terror whenever a human being walks past their minuscule prison. And this life of theirs can, and often enough does, go on for as long as fifteen years. Or even more, for all I know."
This was hard going. Jeremy was now just sitting there looking at me. He wasn't saying anything. Another swig of water, carry on.
"All of this happens in company laboratories, private laboratories, university laboratories, school biology classes and so on. Much of it is subsidized by every single taxpayer, thanks to the decisions taken by the birdbrains as to what should be done with our money. As you can see, this is something we humans really excel at, torturing and killing, we are really very good at it, very good indeed. And I include myself, I pay my taxes."
Jeremy had now decided he had another question. "But surely," he said, "not all of you hold these views? Some of your fellow humans would describe your views as an exaggeration I would think."
"What views?" I asked.
"O.K., facts. Surely some of them are overstated?"
"No, they're not. You'll be doing some research, you'll be able to check it out."
"But I would nevertheless still hazard the guess that there are plenty of humans who view these facts in an altogether different light."
"Yes, you're right on that one Jeremy, quite right. There are plenty of people who view this whole thing as fully justified. Those people hold directly opposing views to those who would like to have it stopped. But there it is, you see. Never has the human race ever agreed on anything, there is nothing we won't argue about. Look at our politicians, any day you want, in any country you want. And sometimes we do our arguing with weapons, war we call it. And so yes, there are those who support all of this, torture is O.K. if it's for the benefit of the human race, these things are necessary, a bit unfortunate for the victims, but there you go, life is tough. And even if I were to mention other examples, I could take the bears, there are still those who would say how terrible and there are still those who would say but that's just the way it is, that's the way it has to be, it's all necessary."
"The bears?"
"Yes, the bears. Let me tell you about the persecution and torture of the bears, broaden your picture a bit for you, Jeremy. This is a form of criminal torture which only the fascinating human race could be capable of, yes, and like all other activities it requires the involvement of the usual three types of human being for it to be able to occur. Just a reminder as to which the three types are. First of all, the torture of the bears is formally approved by the various bunches of pin-striped assholes who run things on our planet, we simply cannot function without them by the way. The torture itself is then carried out by those among us happy to do so, usually for money—and there are always plenty of those no matter where you care to look, and no matter in which era you care to look, including today of course—and finally there are the masses, the majority of the population in each of their applicable regions, who have freely elected the sit-on-your-ass birdbrains into their secure, well-paid positions to do, more or less, whatever they want."
I looked directly at Jeremy. He was sitting there quietly, adjusting his tie, waiting patiently for me to continue.
"On this planet, Jeremy, the masses actually believe they have a say in what goes on, because they are allowed to vote. Not for whomever they wish, oh no—they are given a small list of names from which they can select—but they truly believe that they have a hand in influencing events. And then they find out that the guys they voted for have lied to them, they have not done what they faithfully promised they would, they have also done what they faithfully promised they wouldn't, they have committed immoral acts, sexual and otherwise, they have sent young people off to get killed in faraway wars, they have even started wars themselves for goodness' sake. And then they—the masses—start to complain. Which they shouldn't. They should keep their mouths shut. They put these guys into power, they stopped their opponents from putting their guys into power, they are the ones who caused it all, they should therefore quite simply shut up. But all of that, Jeremy, would be another story."
"Coffee, Peter?" Jeremy asked.
"Thank you," I replied with a nod.
"You were going to talk about bears," Jeremy reminded me.
"Yes, well, and I'll try to keep it short. Frankly, this is also relatively depressing. What happens is, we capture lots and lots of bears and we put them all into cages, cages designed not to allow them to move at all."
"Not to move at all?"
"Not at all. And when putting them into the cages, we make sure they are lying on their backs. We do this so that we can easily drill a hole into their abdomens."
"Drill a hole into their abdomens?"
"Drill a hole into their abdomens. This enables us to insert a tube which is rammed into their gallbladders. The purpose of this is to be able to extract the bears' bile, an extremely painful experience for the bears and let's not forget that they can't even move, which all animals, including human ones, would want to do in an attempt to alleviate the suffering. At the same time, specific organs are sometimes surgically removed from the bears without, it goes without saying, the help of anaesthetics, no point in wasting time or money, is there? After all, the bears can't move."
Jeremy remained perfectly calm and collected while I was describing this delightful human activity. I guess some forms of insanity can have a restrictive effect on emotional reactions. But he was certainly staring at me, possibly in disbelief. As my father would have said—he was from Lancashire—his eyes were standing out like chapel hat pegs. Of course, my father couldn't know that chapels wouldn't have hat pegs nowadays. Or that most of the chapels would no longer be called chapels.
"And what kind of a purpose does this serve?" he asked.
"None," I replied. "None at all. The birdbrains authorizing and performing this torture believe in a myth, an age-old doctrine which maintains that the bile and the organs have useful medicinal applications, provide certain medicinal benefits. But this is absolute crap, scientifically proven crap, please forgive the choice of phrase, Jeremy. And in any case, we have chemically manufactured products which do the job. And so the bears are subjected to this horrifying treatment over and over again for years on end, and great though the ongoing physical agony is, it is nothing compared to the mental agony which they have to suffer. They undoubtedly go mad in the same way as the monkeys do in our laboratories. Except that with the bears you can't see it. Because they can't move."
"And so how many bears do you do this to? And for how long do you do it to them?"
"Oh, the average number being tortured in this birdbrain-approved horror movie is about 10,000. At any point in time. And they live like that for periods of up to 20 years. Can you imagine having to live a life like that, the torment involved, the pain, the terror, the immobility?"
"No," said Jeremy slowly, "no, I can't."
"Nor can I Jeremy. Nor can the sit-on-your-ass representatives of the masses. In fact, they call it bear-farming! These are bear farms! And bear farms pay taxes, old chap! Yes they do! Everything is fine, perfectly in order, well justified, thank you very much."
"So you were wrong when you said it serves no purpose. It in fact provides a payoff, money, for both the perpetrators and the approvers."
"Jeremy," I said, "you're right. That is exactly what it does. And the same goes for all kinds of animal torture, including the silver foxes and the rest."
"The silver foxes?"
"Yes Jeremy, the silver foxes. It's only one more example, I don't know why I mentioned it particularly. But here is the news on the foxes. On average we hold about 100,000 silver foxes in captivity at any given point in time, waiting to be killed and skinned, sometimes even the other way round. And this is a more cunning kind of torture. The silver fox is a 'running animal', an animal which requires continuous movement, it's part of its nature. So what do we do? We put them into cages. But not just any old cages, oh no. These cages are about 1 m2 small, all wire mesh including the floor. No toys, no stimulation of any kind. In one way the foxes are luckier than the bears, they can spring up and down and around and around in their prisons while they become insane. And whether this is a temporary or permanent kind of insanity, we will never know, it's not something you can check up on after you've killed them. And they call this fur-farming! These are fur farms! And they also pay taxes, whoopee, better believe it!"
"Fur farms."
"Yes, Jeremy, just as with domestic cats."
"Domestic cats."
"Yes. China, the world's largest exporter of fur products, skins about 2 million cats per year, not to mention hundreds of thousands of dogs. The pelts are sold overseas or to their own domestic textile industry and end up as decoration on inexpensive fur hats and jackets and winter shoes, and as tassels on berets and so on. This created a huge scandal in Europe last year and caused more than one well-known clothing chain to withdraw certain products from its stores. These products' fur had officially been described as 'manufactured fur'."
"Two million every year," said Jeremy, "that sounds a lot to me, Peter. Where do they all come from?"
"The majority are bred in so-called fur factories. Their short lives are spent squashed together in terribly cramped cages and they are killed as demand requires by a knife cut to the groin. This allows them to bleed to death without damage to their pelts."
There was a knock on the door and the dream appeared carrying a tray with a pot of coffee, sugar, milk, two cups. She was an impossible creature, damaging to the eyes, grave risk of excessive optical dilation, dangerous strain on the iris, cornea, retina, whatever. Where and how did Jeremy find her?
"Mr. Parker, sir, I was making some coffee and it just occurred to me to ask if you and your visitor would perhaps care for some?"
"Why yes, thank you Miss Goodall, very thoughtful of you, much appreciated, kindly just leave everything on the table here. Thank you so much."
"My pleasure," said the dream, didn't even look at me, well why should she, her laptop at home was running out of gigabytes, clogged up with details of male acquaintances. Or maybe female ones, who knows….now there's a nice erotic thought to help carry me through the remainder of today's session. And then she did her trick again of retiring fast, noiselessly; a smooth personal assistant indeed, elegant, sophisticated for sure, cultured, doesn't intrude, but I got a quick look at her legs again this time, man oh man.
Jeremy poured the coffee and handed me a cup. I checked the window again, great, sun still there. But wait a minute, wait a minute, I have a question here.
"Jeremy, you never called for coffee. Don't tell me you were up to your mind-influencing games again, computer-hacking Ms. Goodall's mind? Tell me you simply forgot and that it was just a coincidence her coming in, correct?"
A bright look lit up his face, his eyebrows lifted in an enquiring manner, his mouth spread itself into one of his polite smiles, but he made no comment, just took a sip of his coffee.
"Peter," he said, "I think I get the message. You kill billions of animals and you torture millions more of them before killing them as well. And you do it all the time. Now as far as I am aware, there are few, if any, dominant life forms in the universe committing these kinds of atrocities on their fellow inhabitants, none that have appeared in my studies anyway, and none that I have ever heard of. I really don't think I need any more examples thank you, it doesn't make for pleasant listening and presumably you are not exactly enjoying the telling of it yourself. I'll be researching some of this of course and if I need another example or two, it sounds as if there will be plenty for me to choose from."
"Yes," I replied, "there will be plenty for you to choose from, don't have any doubts about that. And if I may make a suggestion, why not add a little color and interest to the text of your thesis, why not try animal pornography?"
"Animal pornography? Did you say animal pornography?"
"Sure," I said, "certainly I said it, you'll find it via the Internet, no problem. And if your computer were not properly secured, you would be receiving non-stop emails with some fairly disgusting attachments illustrating the subject. Animal pornography is alive and well in most parts of our world and some of it involves torturing the animals to death as part of the sexual act. And if your professor is not averse to a modicum of black humor, factual black humor I hasten to point out, then you should take a look at the country I live in. As in several other parts of the planet, Germany has a law forbidding the distribution of animal pornography, but—wait for it, Jeremy—there is no law forbidding the act itself! Another of the birdbrains' masterstrokes. True! And as a consequence there are animal bordellos in Germany! Believe me. Check it out."
I'll be out of here soon, he can't say I'm not giving him his money's worth, can he? Or maybe he can. What money anyway?
"Peter, are you trying to tell me that you are all like this? I mean is your entire species involved in, or at least in agreement with, what is going on?"
"It depends," I said, "All of us eat meat, the entire species as you put it, except for a few vegetarians of course, and we are all fully aware of where the meat comes from and how. But none of us particularly want to know much about it. Certainly we would have no desire to spend a few days watching fellow human beings conscientiously working away in a slaughterhouse, we wouldn't want to stomach the smells or listen to the screams. We wouldn't want to spend a single day there, not even an hour. If we had to perform that work ourselves, most of us would become vegetarians. But the filet steaks are good, so is the veal escalope, so is the chicken pie, so are the pork chops and, oh yes, the hamburgers. Ignore and enjoy is our motto."
I drank some more coffee. Good stuff. If he's as good in business as he is with his selection of coffee and secretaries, Jeremy here has to be running a very profitable group of companies, bonkers or not.
"At the same time, most of us know about the baby seals and the torturing of animals in general, but we don't let it worry us too much either. There is nothing we can do about it, say the voting masses. If the morons we've voted into power allow it to continue, that's just the way it is. And they're right on that one, Jeremy, they can go on voting until they're blue in the face, but they'll never change anything for the simple reason that they can't change the human race. Plenty of them have tried and plenty of them have even been killed for their troubles, your Jeanne d'Arcs, your Rommels, your von Stauffenbergs and untold thousands back through history. Laudable people, all of them, but all they succeeded in doing was to die before their time. They didn't change the human race. On the other hand…"
"But you are a member of the human race yourself, Peter. Yet you almost talk as if you consider yourself to be separate from them."
"Correct, Jeremy, I am a member of the human race and just as much a part of everything that's going on as anyone else. But I am a cynic too, an unashamed one. I have read history, up to and including the most recent century, and I have seen that we don't change; I have seen that in fact we cannot change, and so I have stepped aside, taken a seat in the theater so to speak. I watch my fellow creatures doing their best, if you want to call it that. And that's why I don't vote, I never have and I never will, I leave it up to the voting masses. One half argues one way, the other half argues the other way, and both halves try to force their views onto everyone else. Sometimes the first half wins, sometimes the other half wins, and so it goes on and on. A naïve and ridiculous procedure. All we do is argue and argue and argue, sometimes with the use of weapons and sometimes without. You can't realistically expect anything sensible to come out of such a process, can you? We read about what happens in our newspapers, day after day for decades, and then we die. Nothing changes."
He asks a question, he gets an answer, it's a fair deal. In any case I am only an interviewee in this fantasy world of his and he gets the facts as I see them, and they may be right and they may be wrong, but who cares? Not me, I don't get upset about it, it's the way things are and today's good mood was still going strong, assisted, don't doubt it, by occasional thoughts concerning the dream and her possible lifestyle. Yes, and also by the fact that the rain had stopped.
"On the other hand," I continued, "as I was saying, there are indeed some humans who are extremely conscious of the state of affairs regarding the murder and torture of other species, and these people have achieved the creation of several 'nature reserves' in order to allow some of the remaining creatures to avoid extinction at our hands. Or at least to give them the chance of avoiding extinction. Of course, this doesn't work properly either. The laws are broken, there is poaching, humans break in, they commit animal kidnapping and other atrocities, they kill elephants either for their tusks or even just for the sport of it. Over half of Africa's elephants have been killed for the ivory trade since 1987. And in addition to the legal slaughter of the elephants, there are another 30,000 of them killed illegally each year. Western Africa's black rhinoceros was officially declared extinct not long ago. And, sadly, the list is a long one and it's ongoing."
"You mentioned killing as a sport before."
"So I did, Jeremy, I apologize. But please don't consider that I was exaggerating. All kinds of human beings do it. Only recently in fact, the elected honorary president of the World Wildlife Fund itself, King Juan Carlos of Spain, proudly appeared in colorful photographs together with his slaughtered elephant. By the way, we don't call these killing jaunts 'killing jaunts', Jeremy, we call them 'safaris', it sounds nicer."
I finished the last of my coffee. "So to summarize, Jeremy, no we are not all like this, a small minority fights to save a few of the creatures, and they have also set up 'rehabilitation homes' for the animals their fellow-humans have tortured, mistreated or abandoned—a plentiful supply of these as you may imagine—and they are always generally trying to do their best."
"Well, I am pleased to hear that," interjected Jeremy, "although at the same time I have difficulty in coming to terms with the revolting horror story you have depicted, and which makes protective care attempts a necessity in the first place. An extraordinary planet in this sense, absolutely extraordinary. For my own particular species, in fact for any of the universe's intelligent species, it is a fairly sickening tale—an abominable, repulsive and immoral tale—and I will need to reinforce my memorized notes with plenty of research or my professor might query the reliability of my facts, he might accuse me of distorting the truth, of factual exaggeration, merely in order to enhance the dynamics of my thesis. But if I may say so, Peter, you personally do have views, that much is clear from several of your comments, and it would seem to me that you find these activities to be exceedingly abhorrent, is that not so?"
"Yes Jeremy, it is. But again, my views are irrelevant. It's the facts that count. I can't change the human race, I can't change the way things are, and so my views don't worry me. The subject doesn't depress me either, except perhaps in an abstract way while describing it all. And so it doesn't prevent me from enjoying life. There you are, that is the way I am."
"Interesting, interesting. Well, I think I can say you have given me enough of a broad overview, so how about we call it a day? Or would you like another coffee, a spot of lunch perhaps?"
Spot of lunch? No thank you, got to be joking, enough is enough, no coffee either, back into reality, that's what I needed, out into the sun where normality reigned, normality such as it is of course. The main thing was to remove myself from this white asylum-wall environment. I checked my watch. Just past midday. Great. End of the story, goodbye Mr. Parker, vaya con Dios. Maybe I'll head straight off to Germany, still make it home before midnight.
"No thanks, Jeremy," I said. "It's been a pleasure. 'Interaction with Other Species'. An interesting subject, I hope I was helpful. Ignore my views, my views are incorrect ones often enough. Just stick to the facts and you'll be O.K."
I stood up, stretched, could do with a cigarette.
"Our next meeting," he said. "I'll need time for the research on this one and in any case you are travelling back to Germany for a few days and, if I recall correctly, you have a meeting in London on the Monday. So how does Wednesday of next week sound to you? My agenda is rather full for that morning, so… 2 p.m. perhaps? Or would you prefer the Thursday?"
Keep him happy, no need to create waves. Peace on earth and leave quietly, that's the plan. But a last bit of fun would not be amiss, it wouldn't do any harm, would it? Isn't that what I came for in the first place?
"Jeremy," I said, "if I decide to continue with these meetings, and I understand that I am under no obligation to do so, they are going to cause some considerable disruption to my life. Right now, I don't know whether I will be loaded up with work next week here in the U.K. or whether I will be starting off on a new assignment in Spain. But either way, I shall be working full blast, and to have to absent myself from work when I shouldn't could have undesirable effects. I earn a considerable amount of money in my business and I like to conduct it professionally, as I am sure you do yours."
I paused, I looked at him. He looked back at me. He was thinking. Maybe he was even thinking the word 'money'. He thought some more.
How much?" he said.
"I am not a bargaining man, Jeremy. I am not an Arab in his marketplace. Not my type. To adequately compensate me for the risks involved, my remuneration would need to be increased to €800,000 from the €500,000 previously offered."
Let's see how his tiny fantasy world deals with this one. An intriguing little exercise. Interesting, doing no harm, just how much of his illusory money is he willing to throw around?
He continued to look at me, drank some coffee, placed his elbows on the table, looked at me, and did some more thinking.
"Peter, I am not a bargaining man either. Irrespective of how much you earn, I consider your risks to be minimal and I cannot accept the amount you mention. Nevertheless, as I would prefer to retain your services, something of which you are well aware, I would for that reason alone be prepared, for the period of time involved, to raise our agreed fee to a total of €600,000. And as I judge you to be a reasonably honorable person, I would also be prepared to transfer this additional sum of €100,000 immediately, today in fact. In return, however, there would need to be a change in our contractual conditions. Namely, that your right to resign before our meetings are completed is cancelled. And this is a take it or leave it offer. I, too, hope you understand my reasons for this."
No, Jeremy, I don't understand your reasons for anything, anything at all, you are a mobile madhouse, I have to leave, I could get infected.
"O.K., Jeremy. I made an offer, you made an offer. No bargaining. I accept your fee and the change in conditions. Next Wednesday at 2 p.m. will be convenient to me. See you then?" I said.
Exercise completed. Another mythical €100,000. Like Bitcoins in a way. Wherever I'll be next Wednesday, it won't be here. I gave him a nice smile, and got to my feet.
He also smiled, stood up, we shook hands, he accompanied me through to reception, a couple of staffers were there chatting and drinking coffee but not the dreamy Ms. Goodall. Maybe she was at lunch, a pity. He said goodbye, thank you for your time, have a good trip, and I was gone, out of the door, down the stairs and out into the street. Some cloud, some sun and some people, normal ones no doubt about it.
Whew! What an absolutely fascinating experience. And no weird happenings, no strange occurrences, no fending off of maniacal assaults, everything as formal and as un-embarrassing as a talk with your doctor. On the assumption that it's not about your prostate or erectile dysfunction of course, I imagine that must be quite embarrassing. But who cares, for me that's far away in the distant future, or I might die before I get there. Or I might be one of the 20% who live to be a hundred and don't notice a thing.
The cab could wait. I needed a cigarette. I lit one up, considered whether to go back to Germany today or leave it until tomorrow. I checked the time. 12.40 p.m. Early enough. And I'm not too tired…let's go.
I finished the cigarette, hailed a cab in the Strand, back to the hotel. Went straight to the garage, hung up my jacket in the back of the car and drove out using the prepaid ticket given to me by Little Miss Ugly.
* * * * *
I wound my way down into Knightsbridge, along Kensington High Street to Hammersmith and into Fulham Palace Road. Crossed the river via Putney Bridge and into Putney High Street, traffic packed as usual including Sundays but you usually only lose about 10 minutes and so it was today. Up Putney Hill and after that it was a fairly free run getting out of London and continuing on down to the M25. The M25 is London's ring road, the last I heard still the longest city bypass in the world, 188 kilometers. Heavy traffic but not a real problem unless there is an accident, and then it can clog up for forever and a day. No accident today.
You might say that this route out of London is a bit of a detour if you're going to Dover but in my experience it has always been the most reliable one. In any case, never get involved with the horrors of the South Circular route which some navigation systems will lead you into. You would regret that, believe you me.
My car is an Audi 8 but the speed limit in this country is a pathetic 112 kilometers per hour, so I chugged along in the fast lane at around 125 per hour, safe enough. Actually, maybe the speed limit isn't pathetic given the fact in the first place that the whole country is obnoxiously overpopulated, and given the fact in the second place that they can't afford to build a road system capable of safely handling the resulting volumes. It's just the way it is here. My A8 gets looked at, not because it's a left-hand drive, but because it's just a fine looking car and the Brits don't have any of their own anymore. Their Jaguars, their Land Rovers, their Rolls Royces, their Bentleys and even their Minis are all owned, technologically modernized and produced by foreign owners nowadays. And the Rileys, the Triumphs, the Rovers, the Austins, the Morrises, the Hillmans, the MGs and everything else have simply been eaten up by the YDIYDS monster—'You don't innovate, you don't survive'. The English—or should I say the Brits, whichever they prefer—couldn't hack it, too busy worrying about which football shirts and trainers to wear each day I suppose. Or which football games to go to. Or which darts tournaments to watch. Or snooker. Or which pub has the right TV channels so that you don't have to go anywhere to watch something while you drink your beer.
But I am prevaricating on subjects which are of no interest to you, nor me, nor anybody else. Trivialities, let the Brits get on with it I say, nothing to do with me. And the Northern Irish too, they do not come under the heading of either English or Brits. They are, if you wish to put them into a group, UKs.
But I was enjoying the drive, every now and then the clouds let the sun through. I branched off onto the M26, it leads you to the M20, it takes you through a few remaining sections of the green England of yore, pleasant on the eye, a stretch without industrial estates by which I mean none that you can see, and it took my mind off the snail's pace I was being obliged to maintain.
Along past Folkestone, along the cliffs and down into Dover. I tanked up the car and drove past the castle up on the hill and arrived at the port at about twenty past three. I checked P&O and Sea France for the next ferry. P&O it was. I bought the ticket and drove through to the loading area. The trucks were already boarding and a few minutes later so were we, the cars and the buses.
They're pretty well organized. They need to be, this port processes about 13 million passengers per year, 3 million cars and buses and about 2 million trucks. This volume of traffic is significantly lower than it was a few years ago though, except for the trucks, due to the opening of the Channel Tunnel, which I don't use.
It took a while for them to cast off, and then we were out of the harbor, into the English Channel—as the English call it—and the coast of France already visible in the distance. I don't take the Channel Tunnel for two reasons. Firstly, there is a limit as to what security precautions are possible and the day the terrorists, you choose which ones, decide to bring down millions of tons of ocean onto the travelers in the tunnel, is not something I wish to be a part of. Being a good swimmer would not be of any help. And being a bad swimmer, such as I am, would help even less. Secondly, I like to breathe some sea air, it's supposed to be good for you, I can eat on board without losing travelling time, and I can do some shopping if I feel so inclined.
And so I did just that. I breathed in some sea air while smoking a couple of cigarettes to compensate, I ate a meal of sausages, mash and mushy peas—can't get that on the continent—and I bought a bottle of single malt for my neighbor, Frau Müller, and a bar of chocolate for Mr. Brown. No IHT on board, logical, it's not a paper the Brits read anyway, but not a problem, I wouldn't really have the time for it today.
I found my way to the main bar for a coffee. It was loud and full of English, or Brits, or UKs, most of them swigging beer and talking a language which sounded to me like a collection of Greek truck drivers trying to speak Turkish. England is a country where orthoepy no longer exists. It was difficult to understand what they were all shouting about, murdered grammar, pronunciation a collection of guttural grunts, no word separation, and a generous sprinkling of 'fucks' and 'fuckings'—the latter without pronouncing the 'g' of course—spread over everything like a salad dressing. It always brings to my mind the small village of Fucking in Austria, whose town sign is subject to regular theft by Brit tourists.
And these Brits, if there are women present, whether Brit women or non-Brit ones, they don't care, they are not even aware of their conduct. But you don't need to be able to understand the language they are speaking, or trying to speak, to know that they are Brits. They couldn't be from anywhere else. Spread-eagled in their lounge chairs, feet on the tables, dressed in pathetic jogging outfits, or football club shirts, or imbecilic T-shirts, some of them with pieces of metal rammed into their ears, lips, noses and, as we know, other parts of their anatomy as well, purchased six-packs stacked on the floor beside them, pale, pasty, ghastly creatures with oversized bellies and tattoos all over the place, they could only be Brits. Uneducated, uncouth assholes, basically. The nauseous product of a socialist revolution. Ask any foreigner.
No wonder the French, the few who are obliged to go anywhere near England that is, avoid P&O and travel on their own Sea France. Fewer Brits, more civilized.
But don't get me wrong. There are indeed plenty of pleasant, well brought-up, well-educated Brits, who also speak their own language properly. It's just that, if you ask me, they are now a minority. And to be fair, there were some civilized Brits in the bar, survivors of their country's slimy slide down the slippery socialist slope, forgive the uncontrived alliteration. But the younger ones had grown up amidst all of this shit and so it was normality personified to them, nothing to notice. And as for the older ones, those born during World War II, or just before or just after, well, they had had no choice but to become accustomed to it, it was part of their environment now, they had no choice but to accept the situation, this is what their country was made up of nowadays.
There was no point in taking offence, you couldn't do anything about it. In fact, just looking at some of that rabble for a second too long could get you a punch in the face. Socialism had triumphed. And who cares? Not me, I have nothing against the Brits, whichever type they happen to be, each to his own on this planet. I just prefer to take a few strokes sideways and continue swimming while the flotsam passes me by a few meters away.
What the Queen thinks about it all, I don't know. I can't ask her and she wouldn't risk a comment anyway. That is the monarchy's job nowadays: not to have opinions or, alternatively, not to voice them.
There were no delays docking in Calais and I was out past the hideous harbor surroundings and onto the road to Ostend by a quarter to six. Or I should say a quarter to seven now that we're here on the continent. Or a quarter of seven, if you're from the other side of the pond. A boring speed limit here in France but slightly less boring than in the U.K., 130 kilometers per hour permitted. On into Belgium, more boring again, 120 kilometers per hour, down the long straight road to Brussels, a boring road at a boring speed, through to Liège, or Lüttich or Luik, whichever language you prefer, and finally, at last, into Germany, past Aachen and heading for Köln—or, if you are a Brit and have a need to complicate a name, Cologne.
My Audi breathed a sigh of relief and so did I. Wherever traffic and speed limits permit, I tend to cruise at between 220 and 240 kilometers per hour in Germany, that's 137 to 150 miles per hour for the Brits. Safe as hell, the German roads are made for it, their cars are made for it, their drivers don't mess about in the fast lane, they have the lowest road death rates in Europe. And even at these speeds I have to keep an eye on my mirror, there is always the occasional Porsche or whatever coming up behind me. And I like the tyre sticker so much that I have fixed it onto my dashboard: 210 it says, the maximum speed permitted when using my winter tyres.
I continued straight down the A3. Darkness hit soon after nine o'clock which reduced the traffic and I made good time to the Wiesbadener Kreuz. I turned off onto the A66 and arrived home at just before midnight. Home being Okriftel, about 20 kilometers before you reach Frankfurt. And thanks to some of the speed limits en route, I still had a couple of liters left in the tank.
I got undressed, got into bed and crashed out.

DAY 6
I woke up late, very late, such are the benefits of self-employment. Looked out of my balcony window, same weather as in the U.K., some cloud, some sun, can't complain. Today being a Wednesday, my street is deserted, everybody off working like busy, busy bees somewhere else. Good for them, 38% of their adult waking hours are spent travelling to work, working, and travelling back again. And then they get a few years off to hang around until they die. A wonderful experience awaiting all of us of course. Is this the purpose of life? Well, as some of us happen to know—the 10% I mentioned previously—there is absolutely no purpose to life, so they might just as well do this as do anything else. And then it's off to join the baby seals, play their harp, or whatever.
I'm in a really good mood as usual. On top of that I no longer have to deal with demented asylum escapees. And the grim German winter weather has long disappeared for its annual four month vacation.
Perhaps I should take the time to explain why I am living in Okriftel, Germany, a country well renowned, as you are aware, for its complete lack of cynical humour, sophisticated humor or any other kind of humor. Well, you can't have everything and there are exceptions anyway, as there are in most things. It's simple really. I was recommended by one Spanish company to another, the latter having a loss-making subsidiary in Rödelsheim, Germany. It manufactured shoe-making machines. This deal was for a minimum of six months—the money contractually guaranteed and no overnight resignation clause in this case. It suited me, so I signed off, travelled over to Frankfurt—Rödelsheim is a suburb—and looked for an apartment. I like my peace and quiet, I can always go out and look for noise whenever I want to, and I like a decent surrounding environment. I hunted downriver, the river Main that is, and found this small oasis of a town nestling between the hideous industrial piles decorating the north bank. I discovered a modern apartment in a quiet street, two hundred meters to a fantastic park area with lots of trees and right on the river. Twenty minutes to the airport, twenty minutes to Rödelheim, and close to the main A3 and A5 autobahns. Great place, neighbors I could talk to, and when the assignment was finished, I just stayed on. Life's waves again, taking you wherever they want to.
I didn't have a girlfriend at the moment. Erika was great but she had been wanting to build a nest, have me meet her family, you know how it is. I can't have that and in any case she had started suspecting me of this and that while on my travels. Now… when I have a great woman, I don't go messing around, it's not fair to her and it's not fair to me either, I get all kinds of guilt psychoses if I become involved with two women at the same time. I can't handle it in bed, I can't handle it generally, it's not my thing. But in this case I had in fact fallen off the rails just once, only one night, I don't like one-nighters, but it happened, what can you do, and so you might say that Erika was justified in her speculations, albeit unknowingly.
I performed the shit, shave and shower routine, put on some jeans, pushed my laundry into the washing machine, picked up the bottle of whiskey and took the stairs down to the ground floor apartment below. To my neighbor, Frau Müller. Coming up to fifty I would guess, divorced and wouldn't mind starting up something with young Mr. O'Donaghue, at least that's my evaluation of the scene and my evaluations are seldom wrong. I wouldn't mind, she was still an attractive woman, good body, but that would definitely become another nest thing, and not an honorable thing for me to do anyway given the age difference, no long-term future in it for her. And so we remained platonic friends, always a sniff of eroticism in the air, if you will forgive the first part of that expression, but just good friends. Down to first names now and talking to each other with 'du', a rare enough event in this country. She occasionally invited me to dinner, she was a good cook, we have to keep you healthy Peter—yes, and we can guess for what purpose—and we always helped each other out on this and that.
Monika didn't work on Wednesdays and she would probably take a couple of days off while I was here. She usually did. I rang the bell. She opened the door wearing T-shirt and jeans, no bra, nor did she need one. Seductive is the word for it, a ploy certain to produce an immediate and uncontrollable reaction in a certain region of the male anatomy. Why are we males subjected to non-stop sexual pressure, why are we so tempted at the drop of every female hat? Because we are erotically debauched is what we are, there is no other explanation for it. And there is no need to change it either, we are happy to suffer thirty times a day lusting after thirty somethings passing us by and which we'll never be able to have—'have' being a word with several powerful connotations as you know. And as for those males whose lives are less stressful, well…pity the poor sods.
We gave each other the usual kisses on each cheek, and as usual she squashed her breasts up against me, just enough to keep it civilized, no more, and at the same time just enough to stir me up—if you will allow the expression. A knowledgeable lady, our Monika, no doubt about it. Thank God, Mohammed or any of the others for women like this.
"Peter," she cried in her Bavarian accent. "Welcome back, the return of the warrior! I heard you moving around upstairs, so I went out and bought your fridge basics and made us some coffee. It's all ready, I'll just go and fix it."
I took my eyes off her breasts and placed them on her face, not that she hadn't noticed. She had a nice face, big round brown eyes, slightly crooked nose, brown hair cut in a way that made her look a bit school-girlish, very little make-up. She must have been a man-killer back in the day.
"A bottle of malt for Monika," I said with a smile and handed it over. But just in time. Just in time because a large dog came bounding through the kitchen door, skidded its way along the polished wood floor, leapt up at me, front paws hammering onto my chest, and started to smother me in dog kisses.
This dog is my dog. His name is Mr. Brown. He is a fair-sized dog. He got his name from the color of his coat, which is dark brown, Vandyke brown. And he has a Vandyke beard and yes, I could have called him Vandyke but I didn't. And he likes chocolate. Not that he gets much, but always when I return from a trip, something he is well aware of, needless to say. Monika looks after him when I am away on assignments, which is a lot. She loves dogs and, like all Germans, loves going for long walks whatever the weather and irrespective of the temperatures. And Mr. Brown stops her feeling too lonely I think. She has a fair number of acquaintances but the difference is that Mr. Brown is her friend, and so am I.
I calmed Mr. Brown down, not difficult to do, he is generally a peaceful, pensive, philosophical kind of dog given to long ruminations on his large mat in my living room. I say generally because there are exceptions. It would, for example, be easier to calm down Hitler when it's time for a walk.
Monika brought the coffee, gave me my mail, and we sat there and chatted about this and that and everything else. I did my best to keep my eyes off her breasts, she could tell what an effort it was, women like her are not idiots. I gave her some money for the dog food and some more for cleaning my flat, four hours a week she does even when I'm not here, I like things clean, and in any case you can't put a price on the way she takes care of the dog. She doesn't know it yet but I'm going to send her on a week's holiday to Corsica this summer, a nice enough island when they're not throwing bombs at each other, which they do whenever the occasional urge to separate themselves from France rears its boring head. Monika doesn't have much money and let's face it—I am an honest man—the only cost to me is a day's work after tax.
I told her I planned to be travelling back to London on the Saturday, have an easy Sunday there with no travel stress before finding out what United Fasteners and Adhesives' plans for me were, if any. I told her I was buying her lunch tomorrow, she loves to go out and I'm the only man she has to accompany her. Not that that is why I do it, she is a great woman, good to look at as well as I have pointed out, and I enjoy her company as much as she does mine—mine and Mr. Brown's, he always goes with us. I had good feelings being with her—as I've already said, we cynics are not cynical all of the time.
I went back to my flat, gave Mr. Brown half of his chocolate and grabbed his lead. I never actually use it, which produces haughty stares from the local passers-by, a tiny little policeman embedded in every single one of them, believe you me. It is gesetzlich verboten not to have the dog on a leash, who cares. I just give them a stare back, one of my long disparaging ones, a powerful weapon indeed, but a peaceful one for all that.
Off we went for our walk, up to the petrol station, the IHT is always available there, then back down by the side of the stream which leads to the sports ground and the river. I settled myself on a bench, lit up a cigarette, and started reading about the day's wars, terrorists and murderers. Not as interesting as the sports section, at least for me, but your masses love it. The more slaughter and the bigger the tragedies, so much the better, no arguing, the newspaper circulation statistics prove it. Armchair pleasures.
Mr. Brown loves it here, there are usually children playing on the football pitch and he has a passionate love for children, most of them here know him well by now. He traverses the nice green grass in huge leaps and bounds and uses up his adrenaline sniffing around in the bushes for rabbits who are presumably sitting comfortably down in their burrows having tea and cakes. Actually probably not enjoying it so much. This is a murderous planet at all levels, the risk of brutal death for the rabbits and their children lurks outside of that burrow day and night and well they know it. Nevertheless you might say, if you happen to be a believer in this or that, nature is a great invention, artistic creation in all its glory, is that not so?
It became cooler as the afternoon passed. Mr. Brown was fetching and carrying a tennis ball for some of the children, ball recuperation being one of his strengths. "Brownie," I called, for that is how I address him, "time to go home." Obedience is one of his strengths as well, usually anyway, and he came straight over and we walked back home. I took another shower, gave Mr. Brown his food, took him along with me to the Italian a couple of streets away. A snooze under the table for Mr. Brown, pizza, Merlot and coffee for me, eleven Euros plus tip, no complaints, and then back to the ranch.
Mr. Brown went straight to his mat, lay down with a thump, put his head on his long front legs and started philosophizing about the issues currently affecting the dog world.
I took my laptop out onto the balcony, lit a cigarette, checked my emails, nothing of interest except a request for me to call Sr. Pujol at Industrias y Transportes Pujol S.A. in Barcelona. These are the people wanting me to wave my wand and make their container shipping subsidiary profitable again. I'll call them tomorrow.
I checked into my online banking account and looked at the shares, not bad, the market just yo-yoing from one day to the next, up and down, up and down, down and up, neither rhyme nor reason to any of it. Does anyone really know what they're doing? A bloody casino is what it is, no more no less, but not too risky if you play it carefully. Very carefully. I should transfer another €20,000 to the savings account, there is no interest on my current account. Except that, hey, wait a minute, my current account has about €100,000 more in it than it should do.
Well, well, well. Mr. Jeremy Parker, thank you very much, you have made my day, you have definitely made my day, I'll make it two weeks in Corsica for Monika. I sat there, staring at the screen. Life on this planet is simply fascinating, and sometimes the ocean waves just wash you up onto a desert island full of food, drink and women aged between twenty five and thirty five, and they all want to take care of you. And poor demented Jeremy not only has his delusions but he also has a lot of money, and he does not hallucinate about paying stupid amounts of it to one of his interviewees—he actually goes ahead and does it.
I stared some more at the screen. There was no doubt about it, a transfer from Obrix Consultants, London, U.K. I don't normally drink at home but there are exceptions. I fetched myself a glass of ten year-old Château Lignère, a decent enough cognac as I am sure you will agree if you happen to have come across it. To hell with the savings account, I'll use the money to buy some more of that bear certificate—big gains possible and risk of loss zero, this money arrived on an ocean current.
I closed down the computer, transferred my laundry into the dryer, finished the cognac, and climbed into the pit.

DAY 7
I got up late again, Jeremy Parker and his money occupying my mind. What if he's sent the second batch of euros? It's quite possible. In fact logic says it's probable. Well, we'll just have to wait and see, I'll check it tomorrow. The poor guy belongs in a padded cell, no two ways about it.
It's cloudy today and windy, but at least it's not cold. I put my fresh laundry into a couple of plastic bags, was ushered out of the door by Mr. Brown, up to the petrol station for the IHT and I dropped off the laundry for ironing at the cleaners next door. I had breakfast at the café in the street next to mine and walked back to the apartment. Mr. Brown checked his empty bowl, went to his mat, lay down and started philosophizing again.
I twisted my brain into Spanish mode, picked up the phone and dialed Sr. Pujol in Barcelona. Lucky guy, he inherited the whole group from his father. Unlucky, he has to speak to me in Spanish. Catalans don't like doing that, but I don't use Catalan for the simple reason that I can't speak it. In any case it's not a language really, no wonder Franco banned it. Most of it is Spanish with the last syllable chopped off, the remainder is derived from French and English and maybe a word or two from somewhere else. And all of it spoken with a ghastly, grating cacophony of nauseating vowel noises.
Sr. Pujol sounded nervous. They'd taken the decision, when could I start? I said maybe in about two months (a bit of vacation time wouldn't hurt me, and with Jeremy's money there, make it a luxury one). He said that might be a problem, could I make it sooner. I said I didn't know, but I would try, I would let him know as soon as I was in a position to do so. Was he in agreement with the conditions we discussed last time? Yes, he was, no problems there. He still got in a Catalan word at the end, 'Adeu, Sr. O'Donaghue', which I did not replicate. 'Adios, Sr. Pujol, hasta la próxima' is what he got from me. Set the tone. Man, it sounds as if their losses are big. Whenever they can't wait, the problem is a big one. Great news, the bigger the problem, in my experience, the easier it is to fix things.
I finished off the newspaper, put on a jacket, took Mr. Brown downstairs with me again and rang Monika's bell.
She opened the door. She was looking extra good today, not much make-up, wearing a skirt, she's still got the legs for it, but also wearing a bra. Never mind, can't blame her, restaurant coming up, neighbors all over the place and why shouldn't she comply with the customs of the human race anyway, none of my business.
"Hi Peter," she said and we gave each other the mandatory two kisses. Stirred things up as usual, she does it on purpose, makes it seem natural, but I know she knows and I know she knows I know.
"How about Zum Grünen Baum today?", she asked, "it's sunny and warm."
"Cloudy and windy," I said.
"Was," she said. "And now it's sunny and no wind. You won't need your jacket."
She was right. I stuffed the dog's lead into my pocket, put my jacket over my arm and off we went down to the river. The Green Tree pub sits back from the river Main, separated from the river by parkland, lots of old trees and home to plenty of wild geese, ducks and a couple of swans. Great home cooking and an open-air Biergarten under the trees. Monika and I sat down and Mr. Brown went off to pursue his canine pursuits, which did not include trying to murder any amphibians. We all have lessons to learn in life and he had had to learn his.
A big sign also proclaims this pub-cum-restaurant to be 'Chez Marie-Anne' and here she came now across the grass to take our orders. A German girl with a French mother.
"Peter," she said with a happy smile. "The wandering minstrel. Back home again to the lovely Monika?" Said with a sideways grin at Monika, I would like to know what they discuss when I'm not here. Kisses all round again, but no stirrings here. First of all she avoids any squashing—at least with me and presumably with Monika as well, although you never know—and secondly she has a husband, younger than me too. But the poor bugger is the cook, he spends most of his time in the kitchen and who can tell how the oceans' tides may one day flow? No, that's not really fair, let me tell you he is a nice guy, I like him, I can talk to him and we sometimes do some cycling together. Even so…
"Back home again to the lovely Monika," I agreed. "I always miss her tremendously. Almost as much as not being able to see you for weeks on end."
They both gave a little snigger at this, men are so transparent. But they love the charm, they all do, it brings that little bit of extra happiness into their lives. They love the flirting, in particular when they know that you're not really flirting, that you're no danger to them. At the present point in time anyway.
Fish and white wine for me, fish and white wine and a salad for Monika. I leaned back and lit up a cigarette.
"You should give that up one day, you know," said Monika for the thousandth time. "It's not good for you, it damages all kinds of things."
"So I'm told, so I'm told, and mainly by you. And you're right, I agree with you, it's obvious. But I don't want a lot of children," I said with a grin, referring to one of the 'damages' she had mentioned last time.
"It's not that Peter, you might not have the time to have any children if you carry on for much longer with that stinking habit. And don't start on again about all those eighty year olds still puffing away."
"No intention of doing so, Monika. Those poor buggers are few and far between and in any case they haven't been able to breathe properly for a couple of decades. Some kind of life that is, I'd rather die at sixty. But where's your problem, you can't still get pregnant can you?"
A heavy one that, but we both did it, it was just our way.
"I don't know; probably not and that is a good thing too. Such an event would have a serious negative effect on our sex lives and just imagine, you would have to practice coitus interruptus whenever the baby needed its nappies changing. The benefits of the older woman, Peter, never underestimate the benefits of the older woman."
She laughed at this, the sound floating away under the trees, across the grass and over to the river and the ducks.
"O.K., I'll let you make me give up one day," I said. "But I am not a chain smoker and I'll just carry on for a while under the auspices of that old motto, if you don't mind."
"Which old motto?"
"That smoking is stupid. But that he or she who never does anything stupid from time to time, is stupid."
"Oh very clever. And to which idiot is that quote attributable, might I ask? No, don't tell me, he's obviously a complete asshole."
"Why do you say 'he'?"
"Because a 'she' would never come up with something as inane as that."
"O.K., it was a 'he', but he's no longer with us. In any case, he was referring to getting drunk. I just adapted it for my purposes."
Our meal arrived, some pretty young teenage girl who hadn't learned how to talk yet. But now was not an occasion for a training session, and it would possibly be a waste of time anyway, maybe only three brain cells available on the receiving end.
"You know something Peter? You are a lovely man. As I've told you before, you have your defects, but you are a lovely man. And here I am, sitting with a lovely man, in a lovely place, and the sun is shining and the ducks are quacking and the fish is good and the wine is good and Mr. Brown will soon be back to say hello, and you are a lovely man."
I think her eyes had begun to glisten a little while she was saying this, I couldn't be sure. But in fact I am not a lovely man, you know it and I know it, cynics are not particularly adorable persons. There are plenty of men, thousands, millions, who would be better for her than me. On the other hand, there are plenty of men who would be worse for her than me. Just take a look around.
"Monika, you err in your judgment," I said. "But I'm glad you do. I'm glad you do because it means I can continue knowing one of the most stupendous women wandering around on the face of our planet. And I mean that."
The old charm again. But I did mean it, the cynic is not present on this one. Here is this woman, existing on next to no money, enjoying the sun and the ducks and the meal and Mr. Brown and me and everything else as well. Enjoying life in fact, the same as I do. Except that I wouldn't be if I had to eke out a living like she did, I know that for a fact. Some woman she is, no doubt about it. She knows the secret of life and living, and one day I might need to try and grasp that myself, who knows.
"Oh Peter," she sighed. She was happy, but she was a sad as well, you could tell.
"I'm just lucky enough to be able to know someone like you, that's all," I said, and I meant that as well, and it made her look really weepy. Happy weepy.
Marie-Anne came by and we ordered two more glasses of wine. We lapsed into silence while we finished our meal, another good thing between us, we didn't always have to talk. And in my little book of life's policies and procedures, that is a major indicator of how much a man and a woman like each other and has nothing to do with the millions of poor sods who never say anything to each other because they have absolutely nothing to say.
Mr. Brown came back, he was tired, he'd done a lot, and he settled himself under the table to snooze or philosophize or both.
I watched the river, the geese and the ducks, the swans were off somewhere else for a while. The bank on the other side was also green, also trees. The Main being a fairly wide river, it has a lot of barge traffic, long industrial transporters going east to west and vice versa, but even these were peaceful, sunk deep into the water, a slight chugging noise drifting over to where we sat as they passed by. I watched the people walking along, plenty of girls testing out their summer dresses. Good for them, at that age jeans and slacks should be banned between the months of May and September, and they would be if I were in charge of the world. No, no, I'm just joking, I tell you that merely in case you're not accustomed to cynics' humor..
"Looking for a younger one?" Monika asked with a grin.
"Monika, I am not joking," I said. "I wouldn't want a single one of them to swap places with you sitting on that bench. Not even five of them all at the same time, believe me."
"I believe you," she said, "and in any case you couldn't deal with five at the same time, you couldn't even deal with two the way you smoke." At this she beamed, like me she delights in the harmless sexual innuendoes. And in the not so harmless ones also.
"Monika, if you and I were together, I wouldn't be able to anyway. I would be walking around on crutches every morning, consuming vast amounts of vitamins during the day, swigging Viagra in the evening and dreading the next life-threatening bedtime. And I would be permanently gaunt and haggard-looking and none of those young girls would want to even say hello, let alone anything else, unless of course they thought that I was Mick Jagger after a night on the town, in which case you might, but even then only might, be confronted with some kind of a problem."
"Peter, you really are the sweetest man," she said.
No I'm not. What I was really thinking about was one of the greatest short stories ever written, 'Girls in their Summer Dresses' written by one of the greatest short story writers ever, Irwin Shaw. Read that and you will get the truth about what and how we men think, irrespective of our age. And that's the way I was really thinking, like the husband in that story. Women don't know how we think, or at least they don't think we do it all the time, but nor would they want to know and in any case they wouldn't believe it, even if a bishop were to swear to the truth of it a thousand times with his hand on his pump—heart I mean. I can't blame them. To any female with a reasonable set of neurons it all has to sound like a grossly fraudulent exaggeration. Which it isn't of course, no way.
It was getting late, becoming cool again, and so I collected a nice bone from Marie-Anne, paid the bill, and we walked along the river for a while and then went home.
Back in the apartment, I gave Mr. Brown his food, made some sandwiches and a coffee for myself, put some Rachmaninov into the player, and played some chess on the computer. And I didn't forget to give Mr. Brown his bone before I went to bed. I picked up a book of Roald Dahl short stories—I tend re-read his stories from time to time and I'll re-read them several times more before I die—and eventually dropped off into the land of Nod.

DAY 8
I woke up at a civilized hour. It was raining. Mr. Brown, I thought to myself, you don't realize what a problem a bit of water is for us humans, but a walk is your due, there's not much you ask for and you give more than that in return. To me and Monika both. And to the children in the park. A pity human beings aren't a bit more like you my friend, this poor old suffering lump of rock of ours would appreciate the difference. No threats of nuclear bombs blowing its guts apart for starters.
But the morning is not a good time for philosophizing. It's the time for raincoats and umbrellas and doggie walks and good moods. I took the usual route to pick up the IHT, collected the laundry, and decided to have breakfast back at the ranch.
Mr. Brown shook himself all over the hallway and settled down on his mat in the living room. I made some coffee and toast, Chivers orange marmalade oh yes, and started on the newspaper. Today was going to be an easy day, I decided. I am one of those lucky people capable of working very hard for very long; but I am also one of those people able to appreciate the pleasures to be found in doing absolutely nothing, or at least nothing of import. Good for the soul, whatever that is.
And here he was again, Jeremy Parker rising up from the depths of my neuron cupboard. Right in the middle of an article about why we should start to trust the nice, honest Iranians. The same human shit, century after century, you would think the clowns had never even heard of the Trojan Horse, or Chamberlain in Munich or all the rest of it. You have to bow down to that member of the 10% who said that history was merely a record of the human species' inability to recognize its own stupidity; let alone learn from it. Right on the nail.
Yes, Jeremy Parker. The €100,000 man, maybe the €200,000 man. I'll check it right now in fact, leave them to argue and argue and argue about the nice Iranians who would never dream of blasting Israel into Allah's version of hell and back. I opened the laptop, clicked away into my bank. And there it was, another €100,000. Large credits in my bank account generate as much joy for me as the joy experienced by a rat living in an army shithouse. My mood metamorphosed from good to superlative without further ado.
I used the whole lot to short the Eurostoxx 50 some more. This index has a lot of banks in it and if there is a collapse by year-end or even next year, I will be selling off and looking at some more nice credits to my account. Mind you, the certificate I use was issued by the least risky bank, I made sure of that, they are all capable of going bust these days, a result of being managed by gambling morons, who don't even have to use their own money. And then you lose the lot, or most of it at best. Because even their insurances are a dishonest joke.
And so what about friend Jeremy now? His money is real, he keeps his promises, but he is as deranged as a rat when its army shithouse has been abandoned and it can't get out. No doubt about it, shipping money all over the place in a maniacal delirium.
I don't know why I've got rats on the mind today, maybe because of the banks, or rather the bankers. They gamble away because their banks can earn a lot more by investing in high risk products. Which means bigger bonuses for them, millions of euros, dollars, pounds, whatever. It's like putting your money on a single roulette number, the return is bigger. And if the number doesn't come up? Ah hah, therein lies the difference. This money is not theirs, it's yours and mine. And this is what happens when you separate authority from responsibility, as I keep trying to tell my consultancy clients. If the law required the gambling bankers to personally risk financial ruin for the rest of their lives, they wouldn't be taking those risks, they would be investing safely, they would take a few million less in bonuses and they wouldn't complain. But our lawmakers—the political pin-stripes—don't have the brain to organize something like that. But if you are a voter, no complaints please, because you are the reason why the pin-stripes are where they are. And then the bankers spend the rest of our money on beautiful and expensive bank buildings in the most expensive parts of the most expensive cities in the world, followed by those ridiculous and unearned bonuses—never a problem, choose your board members well and overpay them, and they'll approve your overpayments as well—and what's left over goes on exorbitant dividends. So our voters don't need to wonder where our money has gone or why our banks have insufficient reserves, they voted for the pin-stripes, not me. Me, I don't have any worries, I just watch the whole shebang from the comfort of my theater seat, I let the waves carry me up and down, I don't vote.
So let me analyze. Jeremy's fantasies don't include money, the money is real enough. And the potential for another €400,000 of this real money has now gone from possible to probable. That is the upside, nothing to add. The downside is that I have to attend a few more meetings and am open to whatever risks a full-blown lunatic, whether escaped from his asylum or not, can represent.
I considered. The meetings are not a problem, nothing to add. The risks, on the other hand, are as real as the money and are, in all logic, undefinable, so there's no point in trying. But he seems normal, his offices and the people in them also seem normal, the dream seems normal, and he himself sounds like a non-dangerous specimen of his form of insanity. I can't be sure of course, the risks are there no doubt about it, but I estimate them to be of a limited magnitude. Add to that the fact that life is an adventure anyway, and I deem the potential benefits to outweigh the potential risks. Decision taken. I would be returning to the Royal Strand Towers on Wednesday.
I looked out of the window. The rain had stopped, the sky had brightened up, and my superlative mood said coffee and a cigarette on the balcony, finish the newspaper.
And then, with the sky still behaving itself, I decided it was cycling time for me and marathon training for Mr. Brown. Along the river, along past Eddersheim, Mr. Brown is fast and fit but he can't keep up, plus he has other interests along the way. So I stop now and again to let him catch up. On the way back he was tiring fast and was more than happy to do some philosophizing under the table at the small restaurant where I stopped for an early evening meal. And by the time we got back home he was exhausted, not too exhausted for his food of course, but after that he collapsed onto his mat and fell asleep, no philosophizing.
I dropped downstairs for a coffee with Monika, say goodbye. When was I coming back? I didn't know but at least in time for your birthday, don't worry, nothing will stop me. You are not only a lovely man Peter, she said, you are a lucky one. Tomorrow you get poached eggs on toast from me and you get a high pressure zone for your driving, 25 degrees and sunny.
Back upstairs I typed and printed two invoices for Jeremy, no VAT for charges from Germany to the U.K., my very great pleasure old chap. And off I went to bed.

DAY 9
I packed my luggage and took it down to the car, hung two suits and two jackets in the back. I fetched Mr. Brown and we went for a short walk, sunny sure enough but still a bit fresh, and we came back to Monika's for breakfast. I love poached eggs as Monika knows and she has good coffee as well, Illy, as good as my Lavazza. I smoked a cigarette on her terrace while Mr. Brown ate a rare and unhealthy breakfast; namely the other half of the chocolate, I hadn't forgotten about it.
"I'll miss you Peter," she said as she always did, "drive carefully and don't forget to come back."
"How could I ever forget?" I said with a smile, "You know I would never abandon Mr. Brown."
"Brute," she said and kissed me very close to the lips, avoided them by about a millimeter the clever lady, and the squashing was definitely a trial, as it always is when I leave, I'm sure she could feel me. One day I am not going to be able to shove nature back into its dark and murky cave, I know it. The effort required is too vast, too excruciatingly overpowering to be permanently resisted by a normal male equipped with his normal allotment of hormones. Lust is more powerful than sensitivity in the long run. Don't blame me the day it happens, Monika.
I gave my buddy Mr. Brown a big, big hug and then I was off. I stopped at the petrol station, tanked up and purchased a carton of cigarettes and the IHT. The IHT is very important on a Saturday. This is the day of the chess column and the day of the difficult Sudoko which is not worth bothering with during the week.
I headed up to Hattersheim and onto the feed road for the A66. Fewer trucks on Saturdays, I should be in London by around 7 p.m.—or 6.pm. U.K. time. This feed road is quite a long one and about half way along it there was a hitchhiker. I checked it out, it was a female, a fairly young one. Now as you know, hitchhikers are something of a rarity these days, particularly female ones, particularly unaccompanied female ones. But there she was, a real-life hitchhiker. I slowed down but I didn't stop, I kept my eyes on the mirror, you know what happens, some burly asshole of a boyfriend jumps out from behind a bush and he hasn't showered for a year and he's got their luggage, ten tons worth of rucksacks and the like.
But no-one jumped out from behind anything and so I stopped about 150 meters further on, eyes still on the mirror, some of these guys are experienced. She'd seen my brake lights, she'd seen I'd stopped and she was walking towards me, hesitantly, perhaps I would drive off again. But under no circumstances was I going to drive off, no sir, there was no boyfriend on the whole landscape, and a lone young female hitchhiker happens to you maybe once or twice in a lifetime or maybe never. I lowered the passenger window as she came up to the car.
"Good morning sir," she said to me in English, the language of the world, "are you possibly going somewhere in the direction of Paris?"
I had three reactions to this, blitzschnell. The first one was SHIT, I'll be turning off onto the A3 in a few minutes, and on up to Belgium, nowhere near Paris. The second one was wow, her English has a French accent, she's French, and if you want to categorize women by nationality, which I admit you shouldn't, a French woman to me is like having caviar on your toast instead of marmalade, even if the marmalade is Chivers. And that, not illogically, triggered my third reaction, those neurons up there in my skull accelerating to cosmic speeds within milliseconds. If I were to drive in the direction of Paris, I could take her as far as, say, the E17. From there she could hitch on into Paris on the E50, and I could simply drive on in a virtually straight line up the E17 and the E15 to Calais. It would take me an hour or so more, maybe even two, but the neurons had already performed their Cost/Benefit analysis. A young French female in the car for a few hours was a major, major benefit. I could also try to pull her, I would in fact try of course, possibility of success unknown but attempted seductions are also one of life's delights, yessir, even if you fail, which happens. And the cost? A couple of hours extra travel time. Laughable; even if it were going to cost me an extra twenty hours, there was no need for further evaluation. Not need at all.
My good old neurons had achieved all of this in approximately 2.3 seconds, bless their clever little hearts.
"More or less," I said, "I can take you about two thirds of the way there if that is of any help." In fact I'll take you all of the way there I thought to myself, if things work out. Postpone my meetings and spend a few days there even.
"Oh yes," she said, "that is fantastic, thank you very much."
I climbed out of the car, took hold of her rucksack, quite a heavy one for a girl, and put it into the trunk. I got in some good glances at her. Not one of your world's beauties. But pretty. She had a small chip out of the corner of a front tooth, erotic, nice blond hair, dark blond, tied in a ponytail at the back, also erotic, a slight figure but nice breasts, also erotic. And—hugely erotic—she wore glasses, they made her look waifish, shortsighted. I couldn't see her legs, she was wearing jeans, but her figure told me they would be great legs, they couldn't possibly be any of those thick ones which are a real turn-off. And not of Scandinavian design either, formless goalpost-type things. She was much shorter than me, about 5' 6" I would guess. Wearing a green and red pullover, old but clean. And no rings, I noted, not that that means anything these days, one way or the other. Noted, nevertheless.
We both got into the car and I started off again, reprogramming the neurons into French modus. "Allons-y donc," I said.
"Mais tu es français?" she asked, "avec une voiture allemande?"
"No," I replied, carrying on with the French "I am English, but that wasn't my fault."
"So you were somebody else's fault," she laughed, "but one of them must have been French, you speak perfect French."
"Not really, my French is good but you'll begin to notice the foreign accent here and there before long. And the odd grammatical mistake."
"Well I'm very lucky today, you are giving me this lift and you speak good French as well."
"My pleasure," I said. Little did she know how much.
I stayed on the A66 past Wiesbaden and headed off onto the A63, direction Kaiserslautern. It's easy for you to prove to yourself just how stupid a large percentage of the human race is—just drive your car for a few hours, anywhere, particularly at the weekend. The weekend is when all the spastics are out, they can't judge speeds, they can't judge distances and they have the reflexes of a dying snail. Really dangerous, some of them are. The weekend road death statistics rule. I say no more, I rest my case.
So I was concentrating on the driving instead of the talking. She wasn't talking either, not the born and bred conversationalist obviously. She had this habit of frequently pushing her glasses back up on her nose. Don't ask me why, but I find glasses sexy on women, I really do. And when they keep pushing them up, it makes them even sexier. I have no idea why. If I were interested enough, I could ask a sexologist. There are plenty of those nowadays, doing whatever it is that they do. They are apparently necessary. Or so they say and so I read.
She spent most of the time looking out of the window, occasionally looking around the car as if she wasn't used to big cars, good ones, I can remember that feeling from way back. Maybe she was of a shy nature, a bit of an introvert perhaps. Or maybe she was just a little nervous, could be, sitting in a big car with a man you didn't know, he could turn off the autobahn at any time and take you down a lonely road to anywhere, and the best thing that could happen to you would still be very bad. Whatever, I would have to go very carefully with this one, bring all my 'good guy' skills into play, no flirting around except maybe with the eyes, keep off all ambiguous subjects, no risky jokes. Hey, I'm just a normal sincere kind of bloke, I like your company, I'm not interested in sex, not at all, not even in my dreams.
"My name is Peter," I said, putting on my number one non-suggestive smile.
"And I am Céline." A small smile but that was it. She had nothing to add.
"And where have you come from?" I asked.
"I spent a few days visiting Prague. It's a city I always wanted to see and now I am on my way back home."
"And which part of Paris is that?"
"Oh, it's not Paris, it's Rouen."
Rouen? But that's way over the other side of Paris. In fact it's a long way over, it's on the way to Le Havre.
"And you expect to get there tonight?"
"Oh no, I am staying overnight in Reims and will finish my journey tomorrow."
Hah, Reims, dead on the A17 which takes you in the direction of Calais. My chances of winning the lottery have just risen from the 50% starting point to around 55%. No more, but 55% is not to be sniffed at.
"Reims," I said, "well I can take you right the way there, it's on my route."
"Oh really? That is fantastic," she said, "thank you, it's really my lucky day, I am very grateful."
"Not at all, you're welcome."
And then there was silence again. She kept looking out of her window, sunny day, green countryside, obviously wanted as little eye contact with me as possible. She wasn't interested in where I'd come from or where I was going to, or why, or anything else. She was a nice, clean, friendly girl, otherwise I might have classified the silence as a bit of impoliteness. After all, if you get a lift right to where you want to go, and it would obviously cost me an extra hour or so getting into and out of Reims, then it doesn't hurt to be a little sociable, it doesn't cost anything.
So what was my plan now? Well, let the silence hang for a while, that's the first phase, she's clearly more comfortable with that, she might even be appreciative of me deciding not to rattle away all the time. Then I'll wait until we get into France, stop for lunch—wouldn't normally do that, I usually drive straight through on trips like these—and, step two, invite her as well. It will make me seem like a really nice guy. Which of course I am, albeit with ulterior motives, a 55% chance.
We crossed the border at Saarbrücken. I know a little restaurant with a pond literally two minutes away and you can sit outside. "Lunch," I said as I turned off the autoroute. "You don't mind? I feel a bit hungry and I still have a long drive ahead."
She looked at me and smiled and nodded, the ponytail bobbing nicely. Wow. But not a word.
I pulled into the parking lot and got out of the car, waited for her to get out as well. But she remained inside. So I went around to her side of the car, politely opened the door.
"Hey," I said, "aren't you coming as well?"
"No," she said, "no thank you."
"No? But aren't you hungry? You must be hungry as well, come on and join me," I said with my nicest smile, the one which makes me look as innocent as a eunuch, an ancient one.
"I have some sandwiches with me, thank you," she said. Well, how about that? Or maybe she just didn't have much money and didn't want to say so.
"But I am inviting you, no problem. Got paid my bonus last week," I said. The latter was intended to strengthen the impression of a pleasant, disinterested sexless neuter of course. God and Allah both forbid that she might think the lunch offer to be an investment of mine for possible future returns, dividends required, oh yes. Which of course it was, we men do it all the time, there's nothing wrong with it. And we take the risk of a zero return, so who's to complain?
"No thank you," she said, not really looking at me, "the sandwiches are fine and I'm not that hungry."
Damn. Down from 55% to maybe 30%, no point in kidding myself.
"O.K., a pity. Eating alone is not much fun, but never mind, I'll see you later. In about forty minutes, O.K.?"
She nodded. I reached past her to take the IHT from the back seat and I could smell her. It stirred me up, it's one of life's persecutions, if you are a man, that is. I went through the restaurant and out onto the terrace at the back, took a seat and lit up a cigarette, one of the much needed ones.
I ordered a chicken salad and a glass of Chardonnay and picked up the newspaper. Suicide bomber kills 43 was on the front page. Not too much space, limited interest these days, what's new? And does it bother us whether it's Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Egypt, Sudan or somewhere else? Not really, not me anyway, I read it out of a kind of inertia. So the mentally diseased bosses got hold of another mentally handicapped person, or a poor child, explosives in the rucksack or around the waist, or else it was some moron who believes (believed) the shit they told him about the 72 virgins waiting especially for him if he blows himself up. What's new? The bosses themselves of course are in no hurry to get to the virgins, they can wait for later. Neither was Hitler, he had plenty of young soldiers to do that for him—except that they weren't dying for a god, oh no, and they weren't going to get any virgins either, or even any non-virgins, it was merely a personal hero's death for the Führer himself, no less. I mean, how stupid can this species get? Answer—very.
But I didn't get to read anything else at all because she came and sat down on the other side of the table. A cheery smile. But still shy, not looking directly at me, maybe she'd decided it was impolite to let me eat on my own. Which would mean she had been well brought up, good manners, great news.
"I thought I would join you for a coffee while you eat," she said, "I discovered that I am really not hungry at all."
I would guess that she was hungry. There probably weren't any sandwiches. I would bet that she just didn't want me to pay for a meal for her, didn't want to feel in my debt. Who cares, here she was, chipped tooth smiling away, green and red pullover, the body behind it. And the sun was shining, it was getting hot, and the goldfish were swimming around in their pond and I had the feeling there was nothing else I would rather be doing other than sitting here with this girl and enjoying my lecherous thoughts. Even if my lottery chances were moving in the direction of zero. Zero, yes, but a nice feeling, an unreal feeling, where is the cynic, where is the male on the hunt who loses interest as soon as the fox has gone down its hole? Don't ask me; it was just great to be around this girl, just to be able to look at her, just to be with her, and it wouldn't have mattered if lottery had never been invented. Temporarily of course, you understand.
My meal arrived, I ordered her coffee. I reminded myself not to look at her breasts, NOT ONCE, it could destroy the remaining 30% or whatever it had become by now.
"And what exactly do you do in Rouen?" I asked. "Studying, or perhaps working?"
"I am a schoolteacher," she said, flicking her ponytail and pushing up her glasses. "My main subjects are English and art."
"But it's not school vacation time, is it? How come you are travelling around?"
"No, it's not vacation time," she said, smiling, and that chipped tooth started to drive me crazy again. "But the school is closed for two weeks. An epidemic, we're not allowed to go anywhere near it until a week on Monday."
So she's got another week free! The guy on the hunt was back and he noted this down in his neuron cupboard under the filename 'Potentially Useful Information'.
"Hey, that's a piece of luck," I said, "And what do you plan on doing for the remaining week? Maybe help out your Mum with the gardening?"
Yes, a bit lame I agree, but it fishes for two important pieces of information, two birds with one stone.
"Oh no," she replied with a laugh, "I have my own apartment. My parents live way down in Biarritz. No, I'll just be preparing some work for my classes next week. We're doing some poetry at the moment, very modern stuff, very weird, excellent for enhancing creative critique skills. And we're also doing some old stuff like Coleridge, not weird exactly, but…well, let's say different."
The waitress appeared and I ordered a coffee. Céline didn't want another one or anything else, she didn't want me to be spending any money on her, one coffee was the limit. I lit up a cigarette.
"Coleridge," I said. "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner. Some say he wrote it as a result of some conversations he had with Wordsworth."
"You know a bit about poetry?" she asked, her eyes brightening and looking straight into mine for the first time.
English Literature, a major finding, a useful weapon, noted down accordingly under the filename 'Very Valuable Information'.
"I did some at school, but to be truthful I've forgotten most of everything. 'Yea, slimy things did crawl with legs—upon the slimy sea'" I quoted with a smile, just to show that I was not only knowledgeable but also modest about it. In fact I was neither. Those two lines were my favorite schoolboy ones and are the only Coleridge lines I can nowadays quote. Not that Céline has a need to know that.
Her smile broadened, the chipped tooth melted my spine again, and she leaned across the table and gave me a look I can only describe as adoring, like I was some kind of guru, but perhaps I was kidding myself.
"You are a literary person, Peter," she said. "Literary people are people who have feelings. And people who have feelings can be very happy sometimes and they can be very sad sometimes. And that's because they live more intensely, things affect their feelings more deeply than they do with other kinds of people. Tell me, has a novel or a poem or a movie ever made you cry?"
This was all very good news indeed. While the lottery chances weren't exactly increasing much, there was at least a clear strategic direction for me to follow. To which can be added the fact that she had actually used my name. I will be using hers soon, but not just yet—extreme caution was still the only viable tactic. Like playing the Cambridge Springs Defense as black—it might get you there in the long run but you need to be extremely patient and careful or you might get killed. A boring defense, nothing empirical about it, I don't play it.
"Yes," I said slowly, "on a few occasions." This happens to be true, but never overdo it, it can cause suspicion. "And certain pieces of music can make me emotional as well, but you know how we men are, we try to keep the tears at bay."
Right tone, I think. Right balance.
"Have you ever written anything?" she asked. Pushed up her glasses again.
"Not really. I wrote a couple of short stories when I was young and I wrote a few poems as well. Since then I have written a few articles on this or that for minor publications you will never have heard of. But that's it, you are not having lunch with a famous novelist or some other kind of literary celebrity, I'm afraid."
"Were any of your stories or poems published?"
"A couple of poems. Back in the day. But minor stuff, minor publications. I was paid £10 each for the two poems, can you imagine that? A kind of scrap metal value."
"What kind of stories and poems did you write?"
"Well, let me see. The stories were either romantic ones, or dark and nasty thrillers. The poems started off being romantic ones because I was in my early teenage years and you know what we're all like back then." I chuckled and hoped she was silently chuckling as well and thinking back then, but now we're more mature. "But then I started choosing stranger subjects, just to be different. That was the only aim really, to be different."
"And do you still write things?"
"Oh no," I laughed, "I'm not good enough for it and on top of that it's too much hard work. Two pretty good reasons, don't you think? But I may continue to contribute an article or two, here or there, at some point in the future, who knows? I might even write a business book one day. No idea."
"What exactly do you do business-wise?" she asked, still looking at me in that admiring way. The great POD. If nothing else, she has become interested in me, not as a man, I don't think so, but as a person. Progress of a kind.
"I'm a consultant, self-employed, I help companies. It means I have to travel a lot, but usually only in Europe. And I like my work and so I am a happy guy. If you enjoy your work, you enjoy your evenings, you enjoy your weekends, and—quad erat demonstrandum—you enjoy your life."
"I've never heard it put like that before, Peter. You have just described a hugely important philosophy using a few simple words. You are an interesting man."
Aha, a major advance. Women love 'interesting' men as much as they love 'humorous' men. I glanced sideways at her and she was looking at me in that way again.
"And you are off to one of your consultancy jobs now?" she continued. "Is it somewhere in France?"
I wish it were, oh how I wish it were.
"No," I said, "It's London. For a few more days or a few more weeks, I'm not sure yet."
"Hmm," she said again, "you are an interesting man."
She didn't say anything else, just looked at me and smiled. That tooth, it drove me crazy.
We stayed like that for a while, looking at the goldfish. I snuck a few careful glances at her breasts out of the corner of my eye. Very careful sidelong glances. And then I went inside to the bar and paid the bill.
She went quiet again in the car and I decided to do the same. I think she was the kind of girl who liked a bit of silence between two people, not all of the time but some of the time. So do I. If you are really attracted to someone it's a comfortable feeling, not having to talk all the time. You can both think your thoughts or you can be like Mr. Brown and do some philosophizing.
It was great weather for driving, but hot. I switched the air conditioning on. We were a long way past Metz before I said, "And what are you doing this evening Céline? In Reims?"
There. I had used her name. Not too soon I hope, don't think so.
"Oh nothing. I'll just be checking into the hotel, wandering about and doing some shopping."
Here we go, as low-risk as we can.
"Nothing? Well, why don't we go out for a drink, or a meal perhaps?"
"Oh no. No thank you."
"Or the cinema? Nicer than just doing nothing on your own."
"No."
This was not good, not good at all. 'No' on its own sends a powerful signal. Best not to say anything for a while again. I couldn't think of anything appropriate anyway.
The countryside we are driving through is green. Pleasant, nothing spectacular; it is, after all, fairly flat Champagne country. It is also mass slaughter country, an area where untold millions of young humans died in World War I in places such as Verdun. Probably plenty of young human skeletons still beneath the turf.
My silence lasted for about half an hour.
And then I decided to put a question to her of the kind you should never, ever put, certainly not after you have been told no. But with my lottery chances now down to about 10%, if that, I figured I had little to lose.
"Why not?" I asked.
"Why not what?"
"Why not go to the cinema?"
"Peter, it's not about going to the cinema."
"It's not?"
"No."
"What's it about then?"
"It's about what you are going to want afterwards."
A nuclear bomb.
Of course she was right. My faithful neurons immediately slammed into high speed, very high speed, and produced the psychologically correct answer within about a second.
"Céline, I have to admit you're right. Yes. Yes, I was thinking about that. But O.K., let's forget it please, I won't try anything, I won't say anything, it's something I won't even think about anymore, I promise you, I guarantee it."
No, I am not a liar. I am an honest man who occasionally lies.
"Let's just go to the cinema," I continued in desperation. "I enjoy your company, we don't have to have a meal afterwards if you don't want to, I'll just get back in my car and drive on to Calais, catch a night ferry, be in London early morning."
She thought about this shameless and pathetic begging for a while and pushed her glasses higher up her nose a couple of times. It must have sounded like desperation to her, and of course it was. Mortifying and unadulterated desperation.
She looked at me. "Tu es vraiment sympathique," she said. You are a really nice man.
"Perhaps, Peter, perhaps we can go to the cinema after I have done my shopping."
My heart leapt. I don't know why we use that expression. The heart is just a pump. It does not leap. Actually it is a verily amazing pump, it pumps 10 liters of blood around your system every minute and it beats 72 times to do it. That's over 14,000 liters of blood per day and over 100,000 beats. And it does that every single day for the whole of your life, and if it stops you die. We don't know how it does it and we don't know why it does it, we talk about electrical charges and so on and so forth, but we don't know where they come from. Be that as it may, my heart, whether it had leapt or not, had added some twenty additional beats to its workload today.
Just to be able to spend a few more hours with this girl had somehow come to be a matter of great importance to me. And if it had to be without sex, that was O.K. with me also; a strange feeling, a feeling belonging to the dreamy, erotic and hopeless world of your average twelve year-old.
We switched back to our silence routine as far as the turn-off onto the A17 towards Reims, at which point I dangerously edged a little further along my dead-end street. "Which hotel are you staying in?" I asked.
"The Hotel Bristol," she replied. "The street is the Rue de Verdun. You have a navigation system?" A strange question nowadays for a car like mine, proof that even teachers can have knowledge gaps.
I nodded and typed the address into the system. For some reason there are millions of hotels in France which go by the name of Bristol. The name is used by hotels of all types, from luxury five star establishments right down through to the low and the very low categories. It's the way of the world. When you have the money you stay in good hotels and when you don't have the money, you don't. And as she was hitchhiking, this was going to be one of the bad hotels, one of the ones with musty smells and tiny, century-old bathrooms and sheets which may be clean but don't look it. Not a problem for me of course, it being 99.8% certain—my best estimate—that I wouldn't be staying there anyway.
Even so, my hardworking neurons had worked out a way to keep the remaining dregs of hope alive. They were operating much as the Germans did as the Russians closed in on Berlin.
It was early evening when we reached the hotel. It was in a back street somewhere and I had no problem finding a place to park. I fetched her rucksack from the trunk.
"Céline," I said, "while you're checking in and doing your shopping, I think I'll just take a nap here in the car until it's cinema time, that will be around 8 o'clock, I think. I'm tired, and I still have a lot of driving ahead of me."
I wasn't tired. This was just a despairing last attempt to turn the tide of the Berlin collapse, to have her take pity on me and invite me up to her room. Which, needless to say, she didn't.
"O.K.," she said, and off she went into the hotel.
She was back five minutes later. "You're tired, Peter. Why don't you use my room while I'm out," she said. "The desk is unattended at the moment, but be careful, check it before you go through." And she gave me her room key, number 14.
What a turnaround, I would never have thought it, no way, not with this girl, my lottery chances were up to 70%, at least 70%, in one fell swoop. My heart did its leaping trick again, it pumped like a suicidal maniac.
"Thank you," I said, "that will be great. Many thanks."
And off she went and off I went along to the hotel, looked in the entrance. Nobody at the desk, up the stairs as fast as I could and into her room. A tiny room, a double bed right up against the side wall, just enough space to walk around it. I closed the curtains, shut out the dusk, got undressed and under the covers and lay facing the wall. I'll be pretending to be faithfully asleep when she comes back. But I was naked under those covers and she would see my naked back when she came in. I would make sure of that. And what then?
And what then? Well, you won't believe it.
She was back after only half an hour. She switched the light on.
"Peter?" she said quietly, "are you asleep?"
I put on a mumble and a sigh, and turned onto my back and sat up. Top half naked, bottom half also naked—under the covers.
"Not really," I said. "Too early probably."
"Oh," she said, "well…do you play cards?"
Cards? CARDS? CARDS? I told you that you wouldn't believe it. I myself, however, had no other choice but to believe it. She rummaged around in her rucksack, found a pack of cards, sat on the bed, explained some kind of a game to me and started dealing. Me, naked in the bed. She, fully clothed on top of it. Looking beautiful, tooth, ponytail, pushing up her glasses. And we're playing cards.
CARDS. The game took about twenty minutes and she won it. Not just because it was a game I didn't know, but because my neurons were reaching their limits, vast quantities of messages being shipped in machine-gun mode to my groin area—a polite way to put it, I am sure you agree—messages of another kind being transmitted to my brain's internal control department, and the few remaining thoughts were devoted to selecting a card each time it became necessary. A looming computer crash.
"Another game?" she asked and my lottery chances, in yet another fell swoop, fell definitively down to around 0.24%, give or take a point or two. She obviously did not intend for anything to happen, absolutely nothing, she was a nice girl. And I had to respect that, I had to admire it. A fine girl, a great girl, a fantastic girl. And a nice girl, so nice that she had caused one of life's huge waves to come along and swamp me and wash my raft away in the direction of a barren and rocky coast..
She won the second game as well.
Well, said my neurons, in about twenty minutes you'll have to get out of this bed and go to the cinema. And no way was I going to spend that time playing yet another game of cards. So what your itinerate gambler does, he puts his remaining roulette coin on a single number and he kisses it goodbye in advance and starts thinking about where he can go now for a much needed single malt and a cigarette, the latter probably in the plural.
I said, "Céline, I am just going to snooze for ten minutes if you don't mind, and then we can go out, O.K.?" And I lay down and turned my face to the wall again.
Nothing happened. A minute or two went by. And then she said, "I think I'll snooze for a while too." And she lay down, fully clothed, on top of the bed. Thereby causing my raft to be swept onto the rocky crags and smashed to pieces.
"Would you mind if we had the light out for ten minutes?" I asked. The jittery and despairing poker player's impossible last hope for the jack of clubs, and only the jack of clubs, to arrive on the last turn and create his virtually impossible royal flush.
She got up and switched the light off. And then nothing happened again. Nothing happened at all for at least a quarter of an hour, no word was spoken, the sounds of silence.
And then I won the lottery. And the roulette number came up as well. And the jack of clubs showed. And a small dinghy came floating by for me to grab hold of
"J'ai envie de toi," came her voice out of the darkness. I want you.
I turned around and I held her and I kissed her. I stripped off her clothes and threw them on the floor and I kissed her again, I kissed her lots of times. And then I started kissing her more slowly, on the mouth and then the neck, and then the shoulders, and then her breasts. I licked her ears, I freed up the ponytail and smothered myself in her hair, her soft, silky hair. I kissed her stomach, I kissed her legs, I kissed the insides of her thighs, everything soft and fine and silky and moist.
I stroked her and touched her more and more and she began shuddering, writhing, moaning and then she suddenly screamed 'Now, for god's sake now, oh now oh now, please'. And it happened, a sweet explosion, much longer for her than for me and after that we played and we stroked and we got to know each other and we got to know what we liked and it went on for hours, it went on for years, and it happened twice again.
And then we were quiet. She lay flat on top of me and we just looked at each other, we inspected each other, and we wondered how something could be as good as this and what we had done to deserve it. We stayed like that for a long time and then I couldn't stay still anymore and I started to stroke her back, gently, delicately, and my hand moved down onto her buttocks, and then in between her buttocks, into her buttocks, everything tender and moist, incredible moistness everywhere, and then things became less gentle, less delicate, and we couldn't stop ourselves again.
And then she suddenly she sat up. This magical girl sat up on her knees, straddling me, her hair just touching her shoulders, peering shortsightedly at me without her glasses, her throat and her breasts gleaming with sweat, and the perfume of our lovemaking enveloping her, and me, and the bed sheets, and the whole world.
She had an impish smile on her face.
"Cinema time, Peter, come on, you have to get up."
"What time is it?" I groaned.
"It's half past eleven, not bedtime yet."
"Half past eleven? The only movies you'll be able to find at this hour will be pornographic ones."
"I don't need pornographic movies now that I've got you," she said. "Come on, let's go and find something to eat. Or if everywhere is closed, let's find a bar, it's Saturday night, we can have a drink to celebrate."
"Celebrate?"
"Yes, celebrate finding each other." She smiled. "On a small autobahn feeder road somewhere in Germany."
"O.K., but no shower. I want to smell you all the time."
"Naughty, naughty boy, you're not a dog. Anyway, I've got some of you in my hair. I have to shower. Come on."
We both got into the shower together, a tiny space, and we had to stand right up against each other, and we stroked each other all over and we soaped each other all over, and it took a long time and in the end there wasn't a square centimeter of either of us which wasn't as clean as a freshly bathed baby.

DAY 10
There was no-one at reception as we left the hotel. Not surprising in this kind of hotel, at this time of night, just gone midnight. Probably asleep in the office at the back, customers please use the bell on the counter.
There was a bigger street at the end of ours and we walked in that direction. I lit up a cigarette. We held hands as we walked. Holding hands can produce powerful emotions, as both Lennon and McCartney knew when writing the lyrics for that song, not that I am a particular fan of Beatles music. We didn't talk, we didn't need to. I had a funny feeling inside of me. I had the feeling that I had found something unbelievably precious, something incredibly valuable, and I was very scared in case something might happen to cause me to lose it. I was scared that I might not be a good enough person for her. I was scared it might turn out that she didn't like cynical types.
We turned the corner. There were a few lights here and there down the road and we walked towards them. The first was a dry-cleaning store closed down for the night. A few doors along there was a restaurant, its sign shining brightly, but it was empty and also closed for the night. And about fifty meters further on there was a wine bar, Chez Maurice the sign said, and the wine bar was open. Until 3 a.m. on Fridays and Saturdays the sign said.
It was very dark inside, there were candles on the tables, and it was quite full. But there were a couple of tables free at the back. The bar served finger food. We ordered some chicken wings and some bread and cheese and a large pichet of red. We didn't say anything until the food arrived, we just held hands across the table and looked at each other. Like a couple of teenagers. The music was soft, low volume, romantic ballads. An oldie, Forever Young, was playing. He knew about atmosphere, the owner of this place, whoever he was.
Céline had picked a short blue skirt and a white woolly sweater out of her rucksack, slightly rumpled, but she looked like only a French woman can look. It doesn't matter what their clothes have cost, €5,000 or €10, they look…well, feminine. And my Céline was feminine, magically so, the ponytail was back, the chipped tooth was there, she was occasionally pushing up her glasses and I was…happy. Incredibly, incredibly, happy. I almost wanted to cry because of it, who says cynics can't have feelings.
I think London is going to have to wait for a few days, maybe for a few years. I am going to Rouen.
I started off with a smile. "So what will you be doing with your week off in Rouen, Céline, apart from preparing some school work?"
She looked straight at me. She wasn't smiling. She looked sad. She paused only briefly and then she dropped her nuclear bomb.
"I will be seeing my fiancé," she said.
A nuclear bomb causes your jaw to drop, your eyes to protrude, your vocal cords to produce inaudible guttural resonances, and your heart to fall. My heart sank right down through my body and plummeted down to my feet and tried to get out through my shoes, I am not joking. And my neurons? Inoperable this time, disarray does not describe it.
It took me a while to think of something to say.
And all I could come up with was, "Your fiancé?"
An old-fashioned word, there aren't too many around these days, bastard children have become a perfectly acceptable element of society in recent times. No doubt the pope has fits and has significantly increased his praying time, and his predecessors turn over in their graves and smash their harp strings or whatever. To no avail, of course.
"Yes," she said, "I have a fiancé."
"But why….why did you….you didn't have to sleep with me, I would have understood. You shouldn't have slept with me, Céline."
"Yes I should. I am in love with you."
"But…."
"But nothing, Peter. I am going to Rouen, I am going to see my fiancé, I am going to tell him that I like him a lot but that I am not in love with him, I am in love with you, and then I am coming to London to be with you until I have to go back to work."
There had never been a nuclear bomb. My heart removed itself from my shoes. My senses returned, I could hear the wine bar music again, another oldie was playing, Unchained Melody, the world was in order, everything was back to being magical, my neurons realized there was no computer crash..
She smiled, she pushed her glasses up, she leaned over the table towards me and she took hold of my hand and held it tightly.
"We are going back to the hotel now, Peter. Being in love with you increases my need for pornography. Of the nice kind, you understand."
I smiled back at her. But I had a problem. I am not the kind of guy and I never will be, to be the cause of a breakup. A marriage or an intended marriage, it's the same thing. Not me, I am not that way. I have a guilty conscience, a huge bloody guilty conscience. And although I would have signed on a bible with my own blood that Céline and I would probably stay together, I knew, back in the dark recesses, that this might not be so. What might seem permanent in the beginning can turn out not to be permanent, as we know. People change and turn out not to be who you thought they were. Especially when you've only known each other for a few hours. Bibles and signatures in blood notwithstanding.
Nevertheless, I would have signed, I wanted to keep her. But not like this. My throat was dry, I drank some wine, I needed to spend some time explaining my thoughts. "Céline," I said, "I don't think I should go back to the hotel with you. I don't think you can know if you are in love with me. You may think so, and I might perhaps be in love with you too, totally, incredibly in love with you, but we haven't known each other for a single day yet. So we just think that's how it is. We should wait. You have a fiancé and until this morning you thought you were in love with him. I think you should go back and find out what your feelings are when you see him again. I don't think we should think anything, anything at all, until you have done that. It hurts me to be saying this, you have to know that, but I think I am going to get in my car, right now, and I am going to drive up to Calais and over to London, and you are going to go to Rouen tomorrow morning, and I am going to wait to hear from you. I think it's for the best."
She thought about this. She looked disconsolate. She bit her lip, she sipped her wine, she thought some more. And then suddenly her look became a happy one, a contented one, a decision taken.
"I'll be in London in two or three days' time," she said. "You are right. This is what I should do first. Perhaps I made it sound easy, but it won't be. I like him a lot and it will be very painful for me to tell him we're finished. But I've met you, Peter, and I know I'm not in love with him. Love is something very different, it takes hold of you, it takes hold of your entire body and it takes hold of your entire mind and it takes hold of all of your feelings, and nothing else is important, absolutely nothing, nothing else matters. And I never felt that way with him. I am in love with you Peter. Intensely. I know it can last. And if it doesn't, well, I will at least have been with you for a while, I will have known you for a while, I will have had you in my life for a while, and that is something I want, something I need, something I have to have. I will miss you every minute, every day, until I see you again. I will miss you terribly."
Her eyes were glistening, some tears had started to trickle down her cheeks, but she was smiling again and she was happy again and she squeezed my hand and she stroked it.
"I need something to remember you by," she continued with that impish smile of hers, "in case you change your mind in London and you don't want to see me again. Perhaps you could write a poem for me? Please?"
"I don't write poems anymore, Céline, and in any case I couldn't write one spontaneously. It would be pure drivel, nice drivel maybe, but red wine drivel. Here, here is my card, it has my mobile number and my email address. Good for arranging when and where to meet in London—that is, if I don't change my mind of course."
She laughed, she was happy, she took the card, she inspected it, she took a huge gulp of wine, she emptied the pichet into her glass and drank some more.
I emptied my glass as well. I paid the bill and we headed back towards the hotel, she was clinging to my arm, she was a bit tipsy.
"I love you Peter. I want a poem," she said. "A poem from Peter. Please."
"I don't think you need a poem. What I think you need is another liter of wine."
"A poem."
Cheeks still glistening from the tears. What a girl. And she deserved a poem, no doubt about it. She deserved anything as far as I was concerned, just for being who she was and how she was.
"The only poem you could get from me would be one of the strange ones. The two published ones are still more or less in my head. But not tonight, Céline, not now, they are weird poems. They are about as unromantic as you can get and I am not going to do it."
We reached my car and stopped.
"O.K. Peter, I will try to understand. But on two conditions."
"Two conditions?"
"Yes. First you have to promise to send me a poem when you reach London. I need to have a piece of you until I see you again. Or in case you change your mind."
"And secondly?"
"And secondly, we need to get inside your nice car and you kiss me goodbye."
"Both conditions agreed," I said.
And we got into the car, and I wrote down her email address on my insurance certificate, who cares about an insurance certificate. And we kissed goodbye, and it wasn't just kissing, and it went on for a long time and then I watched her walk into her hotel and then I drove away.
* * * * *
I drove for a few streets without worrying about the direction, and then I stopped. There was virtually no traffic, the city was quiet, the neon lights were making yellow shadows out of the night's ground mist, hundreds of thousands of people were asleep around me. A dog was barking somewhere far away and the noise of a lone motorbike dwindled slowly into the distance. I lit a cigarette and then a second one and I sat there for about half an hour, thinking about today, about Céline, and about where life's ocean waves could take you sometimes if they felt like it, suddenly and without warning. And I was thinking about her curled up in her bed right now. And I felt good. That was the very best way to describe my feelings then. I felt good.
And then I put the car into gear, found a sign to the autoroute and headed north on the E17.
I drove on into the light of the new day. I tanked the car someplace, used the toilets—the French finally got rid of their thigh-testing holes in the floor my father used to complain about—got through two more of those ludicrous and inefficient toll collection stations invented by the French and other southern European countries, and reached the docks at Calais soon after 7 o'clock.
I had to wait an hour for the next ferry. P&O again.
You know which country you are travelling to when you check in. They give you a paper 'hanger' to hook onto your rear-view mirror to denote which lane you are supposed to wait in. It also contains extraordinary safety instructions:
Any passenger who will require assistance in the event of an emergency is asked to advise the reception desk of this fact on boarding the ship! This of course means everybody—except for those who might prefer, for example, to drown. Nobody obeys this, and if they did, there would be chaos. Also excluded are people who will require assistance, but not in the event of an emergency.
Ah hah! Not clear? Towards the end of this document comes the following: Anyone with need of assistance in an emergency should notify the reception desk if this need is not already advised! Great; this repeated message is presumably for people who, without these wording modifications, were unable to understand the first message. But, sad to say, it is—again—only if there is an emergency.
And how about this: Do not overfill your petrol tank. Well, first of all, you already either have or you haven't. Secondly, it doesn't tell you what to do if you have. And thirdly, how do Brits manage to overfill their petrol tanks in the first place?
And this: Do not start engine until instructed. Everybody ignores this. And there would be chaos if they didn't.
And this: Do not move until instructed. The above comments apply here also.
And my favorite: We are happy to supply ingredient lists for any food on board. However, we are unable to guarantee that any food will contain only those ingredients listed. So why the lists if you can't trust them? Go figure.
And finally, a warning notice, the purpose of which somebody, somewhere, somehow understands: This hanger remains the property of P&O ferries and must be surrendered to a member of staff upon request. Can you imagine having to keep all these pieces of paper at home until you die because they belong to somebody else? But don't worry, they have failed to correctly cite a legal entity name and so you can throw them away, as everybody does anyway, without fear of being arrested for stealing somebody else's property. Again, go figure.
I went to the big bar for a coffee. At this time in the morning the ship was only half full but there were plenty of those kinds of Brits again. And there were plenty of obese ones this time, a sprinkling of monster-show hairstyles, and a few union jack T-shirts. I also saw a T-shirt which I don't think you could possibly find in any civilized country. Anyone manufacturing or selling them would be fined and, if they persisted, put into jail. But in the U.K. it is socialism and socialist educational levels which rule. Although—let me be fair—the text did not contain a single obscene word. It read 'Thousands of my potential children died on your daughter's face last night." You will find these T-shirts and worse ones openly on sale in U.K. stores. They sell well and they make good reading, do not doubt it, for 10 year-old Brit children, their Brit grandmothers and all foreigners. The T-shirt text in this case presumably did not apply to the 12 year old girl who became Britain's—excuse me, Great Britain's—youngest mother a few weeks ago, nor to the 13 year old father. And probably not to the 27 year old grandmother either.
You can't get away from these people. Some of them were obviously from the buses I'd seen boarding. The cheap holiday agencies use buses to transport their clients and they often have their buses travel back overnight, it saves hotel costs.
I caught bits and pieces of the guttural utterings. 'My fookin daw-er, ah fookin tells 'er, listen, ah sez to 'er…' the man at the next table was saying, the past tense, among other things, clearly beyond his capabilities. 'I were' and 'we was', and the 'wivs' and the 'wots', and the 'gnawwotahmeens' (do not pronounce the 't' by the way) and of course the 'fookins' and the 'bluddy coonts' and all the rest, everything was floating through the air like confetti at a wild hogs' wedding reception.
You even get people on British television these days who can't speak properly. I don't even understand the weather reports sometimes, dialect words all jumbled together and exiting in mumbled form through compressed lips. And there were some under-educated Scots on board, they could have been talking Kurdish for all I knew, but I'm not going to get into that. Just read one of those Irvine Welsh books if you don't know what I mean. In fact, I recommend you read them anyway, they're brilliant.
But no problem. We all have the right to be what we want to be, or what we have been moulded into, and as I have mentioned before, I respect their right to exist as they wish, just as much as I respect my own. But you do have to be careful, because this is not necessarily the case the other way round. So I went and found a corner at the other end of the ship and snoozed away until the docking noises woke me up.
It was well past ten o'clock, nine o'clock here of course, as I drove through the town of Dover and on up the cliff road. The differences always hit you in the face, the clothes, the drab terraced houses, the unkempt patches of 'front' gardens, the litter all over the place, and the weather. It had started to rain.
The rain made no difference to the driving, not at 110 kilometers per hour. No traffic problems, it was Sunday and it was raining. I stopped to buy a copy of yesterday's IHT, drink a coffee and smoke a cigarette, and I reached the hotel in London some time before 1 p.m. Yes, Sunday and the pasty red-haired guy was behind the desk again. But if he was impolite I didn't notice it. I took myself up to my room, my luggage arrived two minutes later and two minutes after that I was asleep.
I woke up at 10 p.m., ordered a sandwich and a glass of Côtes du Rhône from room service, read some of the IHT, and fell asleep again.

DAY 11
I woke up early. No rain but cloudy. I had breakfast in the hotel, waved my hand at Little Miss Ugly on my way out, made her day, lit a cigarette and set off across the park.
Today was not one of those ordinary days. Today was Day Two from where my calendar now begins. I checked my mobile. No calls. No text messages. If all went well, she had arrived home yesterday. If not, she would be there by around noon today. She would be talking with her fiancé this afternoon, this evening at the latest. Not a fun conversation, but they never are. And by tomorrow she would have arranged her trip to London and would be in contact.
I was feeling good again as I walked underneath Piccadilly and I apologized profusely when, immersed in Céline thoughts, I collided with a morose-looking guy reading his newspaper at the tube entrance. Then it was right into Half Moon Street, left into Curzon Street, right into South Audley Street and along into the United Fasteners building. I took the elevator to the third floor and went into the lobby area. Checked my watch, ten to nine.
"Good morning, Peter." Susi was sitting there looking as she always looked. Swish.
"Good morning, Susanne." I hadn't forgotten. "And how was the weekend?"
"A bit boring actually," she replied. "But presumably not for you?" That crooked smile, it really gets to you, Céline or no Céline.
"No, Susanne…no, mine wasn't boring, thank you. On the contrary, it was pretty fantastic."
"Looks like it, the way you're smiling. Lots of nice walks with Mr. Brown?"
"Lots of fantastic walks with Mr. Brown, Susanne. It would have been better having fantastic walks with a Miss Brown, though."
Her name was Susanne Brown and she killed me again with another of her crooked smiles. "Perhaps," she said, "who knows?"
Oh yes, the invitation was there, no mistaking it. But I am not interested, and nothing is going to happen even when I'm finished here. Sorry, Susanne, there is a girl called Céline. Still, you never know what life's waves have in store for you, do you? So I wasn't going to burn any boats nor, indeed, any bridges…Susi would simply be added to my blinking red lights list.
"Who knows?" I replied, looking straight into her big, bright eyes, eyes you could easily drown in if you wanted to and maybe even if you didn't. I applied the ambiguous smile, the nice one, the one which denotes possible and perhaps even probable interest in the female on the receiving end of it, while at the same time letting her know that you were far too civilized to attempt to force events. "Things sometimes happen when you least expect them," I added.
"Or even when you do expect them, Peter," she said and she was looking straight at me as well. "Particularly if the time is right for both parties…like now for example, Peter. Roger and Geoff are waiting for you in Roger's office." Her wide crooked smile was also an ambiguous one, in fact it's always ambiguous, she definitely belongs to the world's population of man-eating plants.
I went through to Roger's office, knocked and walked in.
"Good morning, Roger, Geoff."
"Hi Peter, good to see you again," said Roger.
"Good morning, Peter, your usual pew," said Geoff.
It was just the two of them. The office was large, pleasantly and expensively furnished in mahogany, or what looked and felt like mahogany, and with big windows looking down onto South Audley Street. My usual pew was a leather chair in the middle of a small meeting table and Roger sat at the end to my left and Geoff sat facing me across the table.
"Coffee and drinks over there as usual Peter, please just help yourself."
"Thanks, will do."
"Apologies about last week, Peter," said Roger. "We're thinking of making a bid for a stud-welding equipment manufacturer, automotive stuff that works off robot arms, and they wanted to meet with me personally to talk about our offer price. You know how these things are, they're only interested in their personal take. The price per share is of interest to them because they're loaded up with stock options and they want agreements concerning their payoff in the event they are terminated in the short-term, guaranteed severance packages, pension guarantees and so on. If not, they will reject our offer and we will have to decide whether or not to make our bid a hostile one. Expensive and unpleasant as you know, Peter. So…nothing new…happens all the time, we live in a crooked world, do we not?"
He beamed at me, a 'we're all men of the world' beam.
"We certainly do, Roger," I said, beaming back. "We just have to go with the tide. No other way, as King Canute discovered."
"King Canute! Yes, foolish fellow."
Roger was a short guy with thinning grey hair, a stomach, a florid face, the capillaries in his nose and cheeks betraying a life of too much good food and too much good drink to go with it. Expensive shirts and expensive suits to camouflage it all. What could not be camouflaged was the way he walked, short steps, concentrating on keeping his balance…arteries clogged up with a lifetime's collection of refuse, you can tell. Thank you very much, shareholders, for allowing me all of this, and thank you very much, members of the board, for approving it. But whatever, he was a nice enough guy, an O.K. old school type, and he was certainly intelligent, at least in some ways.
"So…where are we at? Are you more or less finishing up now, Peter? I hope so, you're bloody expensive, what?" Joke, another beam.
"More or less, Roger. One of the items still pending is whether you agree with the zero dividends, zero bonuses, salary and wage cuts and so on at Clark's. And if so, whether you want me to work with Fred on how to go about it. The second item is that I would like to cooperate on the purchase cost reduction program, at least initially, get it running in the right way."
"Well, we've discussed the cuts. Frankly, some were for and some were against. I am not sure what effects or even consequences it might have, but overall I think we should trust in your expertise and therefore I say go ahead. Just don't cause any big screw-ups please." Another smile.
Geoff said, "And on the purchase cost reduction program, I seem to recall that you said you were envisaging several hundreds of thousands in annual savings. It seems a lot to me. I don't know how you intend achieving it, but go ahead, we'll be very interested in looking at the results."
Of course, he didn't know how I would be achieving it. But I've already done my research on pricing and cost increases over the last few years, also on alternative suppliers and, more importantly, the fact that the purchasing department has never functioned as such. Never. It would better be described as an ordering department, because that is all they do. The phrase 'price negotiation' just wasn't in their dictionary. Achieving the savings was absolutely no problem. It was merely a question of how to go about it and I knew that too. It wasn't the first time I'd done it and it wouldn't be the last.
"So how long do you think?" asked Roger.
"Only about a week's hard work, Roger. After all, I'm only going to be involved in the planning and initiation of these projects. However, it won't all be happening on a day to day basis, so let's say two weeks in total. That means it will cost you another two weeks' hotel expenses and so on, plus my return travel. But, as I will not be appearing on the days when it would be a waste of my time, you would only have to pay another five or six days of consultancy fees. If you're happy with that?"
"Sounds good to me," said Roger, "and you look happy, Geoff, smiling away there, getting rid of Peter's costs at last."
"I certainly am," said Geoff, "but the fact is, Peter here provides a good return on his costs, now who would have thought that?" A smile, a joke. "Fred and Charlie," he continued, "have already indicated that Peter works very fast and we have already seen some major improvements in the monthly results, sustainable ones, I presume?" Chuckle, chuckle. "Perhaps, Peter, you could summarize the situation for us?"
"Certainly, no problem. You have been regularly updated on the changes we have implemented and/or initiated and so I will just stick to the overall picture. As you know, last year Clark's Adhesives made a loss of £3.2 million. Also as you know, the losses have continued since I have been here, but they have been substantially reduced. One of the main reasons for this was what we did right at the beginning on the sales side. Now we are close to breakeven, and we will generate sufficient profits in the second half of the year to compensate for the losses to date. In other words, this year will be a breakeven year. No losses. A very big change."
No way was I going to tell them this was only possible because the company was so badly managed in the first place. And that it was therefore easy for me, a kid could have done it. Nor was I going to tell them that they themselves should have done something about it, what else are group executives paid all that money for? Let them think I'm a genius, that's fine by me, they'll recommend me to others, it's how I get my customers.
"A big change indeed," said Roger. "And if it happens, you will have been cheap at the price, no arguing. But how definite is it? I mean, I note that you say 'will' rather than 'could' or 'possibly'. Is it that definite?"
"Yes, Roger. You can trust me on that."
Sure he can, the changes have already produced more than he thinks, I am in cahoots with Fred and Charlie, we've been under-reporting for the last couple of months. It's easy to do, increase some liability accruals here, increase some inventory and accounts receivable provisions there, and so on. Release them back bit by bit into profit as requirements dictate. No legal issues, we are only talking about internal monthly accounts. The full year's results are already more or less guaranteed, no doubt about that.
"Well, very, very good to hear, Peter, that is great, it certainly is," said Roger, beaming away like a ship's beacon. "And what about next year?"
"As far as I can estimate at the current point in time, next year will show a profit of over £2 million, positive cash flow close to £3 million. That's because, on the one hand, the profitability in the second half of this year is sustainable and will continue on into next year, almost certainly in fact improving further as we go along and, on the other hand, we won't of course have to compensate for any first half losses as is the case for this year."
In fact, they'll make over £3 million profit next year and their cash flow will be about one million more than that. Sales will be 30% more, a bit higher or a bit lower but around that figure, expenses will be £1.5 million lower, raw materials costs a few hundred thousand lower and production efficiency will climb like never before. Easy. They can't go wrong. But it's not something they need to know at the moment, always understate your objectives, that's my motto.
And then came the question I was hoping for, life is sometimes a beach.
"You mentioned last time we met," said Geoff, "informally of course, that up to 50% more could possibly be feasible. I didn't ask at the time, but what exactly did you mean, Peter, by 'possibly'?"
"I meant possibly," I said with a grin. "I believe, in fact, that the possible could become a probable…if I were to continue to involve myself on an ad hoc basis, mainly from a distance, email, telephone, with just the odd visit as needs determine."
"And what kind of conditions would you have in mind for that, Peter?"
"Well, how about this…zero cost, not even expenses, if we don't make the £3 million."
"Well, we obviously wouldn't argue with that," said Roger. "And if we do hit the £3 million?"
"I am of the opinion that 10% of the difference would be fair. In other words, 10% of the extra million or whatever the amount turns out to be. I hope you understand that although my involvement would be limited, it would still result in my having a heavy workload on top of other projects I will be involved in. As a result it would cause disruptions to my private life; in fact it would considerably damage my personal life for a prolonged period, maybe for the whole year and a half."
"Hmm…but that's quite a lot of money for what, in effect, will be very part-time involvement on your part."
There was a pause. I let them chew it over for a while and then I said, "I agree. Perhaps we should just forget it. Fred and Charlie might achieve it without needing any backup from me."
Hah, they would, but Roger and Geoff didn't know that, any more than they knew that it was neither possible nor probable but a certainty, excluding the possibilities of a world war or whatever.
"I guess I look at it this way," said Roger, "it sounds like a fair deal. Unusual, certainly, but fair. You will be earning money for achieving what at the moment is only a possibility. And if you don't, we owe you nothing, not even if the profit reaches £2.9 million. What do you think of this Geoff?"
Geoff didn't hesitate. "I don't need to think much, Roger. We can't lose. And I don't mind the 10%. It would mean a hundred thou or so for eighteen months' involvement. However, this would obviously need to be based on the audited accounts and any payment due would need to wait until then, as I'm sure you agree Peter?"
"Obviously Geoff. No problem there."
"O.K.," said Roger, "we'll have the lawyer draw up the contract. Can we fix up for you to drop by on Friday of next week, Peter? Say goodbye and all that, sign the new contract?"
"Certainly," I said. "10 o'clock suit you?"
"Yes, it does. I must admit, you know, that you are an interesting type of consultant, Peter. We have no regrets about having hired you. Quite the contrary. No wonder you get recommended by your clients."
And then it was smiles all round, hands shaken, and off I went. Susi was not at her desk. No matter, I'll bring her some flowers and maybe a small gift next Friday. She's a great female and a nice person on top of that. And because blinking red lights are always good to have, you never know.
I bought an IHT, had an early lunch in Shepherds Market, brunch really, and took my time over it. Still cloudy, still no rain, and so I decided to walk back to the hotel via Park Lane and the park. I came out of the restaurant, lit a cigarette and saw the morose-looking guy I bumped into this morning coming in my direction. I smiled at him, said, 'Sorry about this morning," but he clearly didn't recognize me, gave me a puzzled nod and walked on past.
Back at the hotel, I ordered a coffee in the lounge area, finished the IHT and went up to my room. What a great day! What a great planet! Another stack of money coming my way, albeit the year after next. And for virtually zero work, just a bit of supervision, a bit of pushing, make sure everything stays on track. And Céline! She'll be here in London soon, this kind of hotel will amaze her, we're going to have a great time.
Which reminded me, I should send her that poem. I didn't really want to, it was definitely a weird poem, but I had little choice. I had promised. And in any case, she might be able to make use of it in that weird modern poetry class of hers. Not only that, but it had to do with her other subject, art. O.K., here goes. I headed the message: Hi Céline, no apologies, you insisted!
THE MAD ARTIST
There lies my shattered body
Smashed hard across the road,
As if someone with heavy boots
Had trampled on a toad.
An ugly mess, I must confess,
And causing such a jam;
They don't know why I did it
And they don't know who I am.
And so they curse me, nameless one,
It's just their rotten luck;
They're going to have to dig and scrape,
I'm well and truly stuck.
To all the morbid passers-by,
This truly is a gift;
My blood and brains, they look so strange,
An eye has come adrift.
It's floating on a funny stream
Of blue and grey and black;
Into the nearby drain it goes,
Plop! Never to come back.
No doubt, my friends, you wonder why
This ever should have been,
And why I sit up here and gloat
Upon myself, this scene.
The answer is quite simply this:
An artist once was he;
And yet he just could not create
The perfect symmetry.
But now I've done it, there it is,
For all of you to see,
A quite unrivalled masterpiece
And all of it is me.
But even so, it cannot last,
I know it has to go,
So perfect for so brief a time,
This painting here below.
The street will fill with cars and men
And women once again;
And what will there be left of me?
A disappearing stain…………
And I finished with: Such a romantic and literary piece! Mais je t'adore et je pense à toi, ton Peter. Typed in the address and sent it before I changed my mind.
Called Fred's assistant, terrible old cow, and told her I would be in Slough tomorrow morning, could she please try to arrange for Fred and Charlie to be available for a short meeting at, say, 9 o'clock? She could, she said. Try that is.
I made a second call. To Sr. Pujol in Barcelona. I told him I could probably start in three weeks' time. If that was how it worked out, it would allow me a week free in between assignments. A week in Rouen. A great week in Rouen. Or in Hawaii. Or wherever.

DAY 12
I had the factory meeting this morning and back to London for the Jeremy meeting at 2 o'clock. In fact, I would be in Slough tomorrow and the day after as well, but I decided to drive it each day—Céline coming, best to stay in the London hotel.
I drove out of the hotel garage into a dark day and pouring rain. I drove down the M4 slowly, I don't play around with rain. I took the Slough turnoff. A small blue Nissan followed me off the motorway. It also followed me all the way through to the industrial estate, but drove on past as I pulled into Clark's. Come to think of it, I had seen it behind me on the motorway as well, driving as slowly as I was. Another London guy with business in Slough today.
It was raining too hard for a cigarette outside, so I went into the building, said good morning to the guy at the desk. He looked unhappy, maybe he was a smoker as well, maybe the rain was the reason why the desk was attended this morning. Maybe he spends non-rainy days wandering around all over the place smoking cigarettes. Or maybe not. But if I see the desk unattended again during working hours, I'm going to make it my business to find out why.
I went to the old cow's office, yes the meeting was fixed for 9 o'clock. She looked like she wanted to ask me what my problem was, I was a few minutes early. But she didn't. If anyone deserves a salary cut, it's her…let's see what is agreed in this morning's meeting.
I went into the conference room, coffee already there, poured myself a cup and in came Fred and Charlie.
"Good morning, Peter," said Fred.
"Good to see you back again," said Charlie. "Will it be for long?"
"Good morning, folks," I said. "Just for another two weeks. But you won't have to put up with me every day. I'll be in and out."
They poured themselves coffee, sat down.
"How was your meeting with Roger yesterday?" Fred asked.
"Fine. Very good. Friendly as always."
"And what have you got for us this morning? By the way, Ron and his guys are really into those set-up reductions. I've never seen him so enthusiastic. He sees big productivity gains."
"I'm pleased to hear it," I said, "but let's not forget to make sure we receive the machine by machine progress reports regularly and on time. And this morning, we have three items to discuss. The first one is hairy, salary and wage cuts. Then we have purchasing. And then we just need to confirm our monthly reporting techniques vis-à-vis Group."
"O.K., let's start with the hairy one," said Fred.
"The hairy one is the big cost-cutting. We've done most of the small stuff. But for the heavy, painful stuff, we shall—like the Japanese, and unlike the Americans—start at the top. That means the shareholders, in this case United Fasteners. They will receive no dividends this year, agreed with Roger and Geoff. It doesn't affect our results of course, but it sure as hell does our cash flow a lot of good."
Fred and Charlie both nodded. They weren't worried about United Fasteners, they were worried about what was coming next.
"Next in line is top management. First of all, there will be no bonuses for last year's performance. Secondly, there will be no bonuses for this year's performance either. As you know, approved bonuses for the prior year are generally paid in July. This means that it will be more than two years before the next possible bonus payments can occur, if approved of course. In addition, you will get no stock options on United Fasteners shares."
"Not a surprise, Peter," Fred said, "although we were hoping for something if we made this year's targets. Admittedly it will have been with your assistance, but we have also done a lot and we will have got rid of over three million in losses, a tremendous improvement."
"I agree with you, Fred, but for the full year there will be no profit, or none worth speaking of."
"I can't disagree with that, Peter."
"And now the big one. Salary cuts for everybody. It starts with top management and the cut we are looking for here is 15%."
"What?" said Charlie in a loud voice. "That is a vicious slice in my view. Can they do it without our agreement?"
"If you will allow me, Charlie, I don't at the moment know whether it can be done without your agreement, I haven't even seen your contracts. But if you will allow me to say so, it is not a question of 'they', it is a question of 'we'. One would be hoping for it to be your own voluntary decision. First of all to show your readiness for sacrifice until the company becomes profitable again. Secondly because we are looking for cuts for all employees, and you guys will need to show yourselves first and foremost as an example. And thirdly, we need to convince the works council and the employees to accept their cuts, and the cuts at your level will have to be heavier than theirs. In fact we want to do this whole thing on a socially acceptable basis."
"Go on, Peter," said Fred.
"Below top management level, we want cuts of 10%, the next level down 5%, and for the lowest wage earners zero. However, we will be expecting the latter to agree to work an extra seven hours per month in lieu."
"Seven hours per month? They'll never agree to that, Peter. Ask Ron."
"Oh I think they will, Fred," I said. "It's only twenty minutes per day. It won't kill anybody. In any case, we now need to discuss how we're going to get them to agree to the whole thing."
"Well now," said Charlie, "I am all ears on that one."
"O.K., let me fill in a few details. Firstly, you and your colleagues will have to work out the salary and wage levels at which the 10%, 5% and the 7 additional hours should be applied. Secondly, we should build in an exception clause for proven hardship cases—to be approved in each individual case by yourselves of course. Thirdly, we need to document all of this and meet with the works council. Fast. It would be good if we could have this done by tomorrow morning and meet with them tomorrow afternoon. You should inform them verbally that you will be taking 15% cuts and zero bonuses in any case. And also tell them that you intend to address the whole workforce sometime this week and could they please arrange it, preferably by stopping work early on the Friday afternoon. That way, they will have the whole weekend to cool down and think about it."
"But…." said Charlie.
I interrupted him. "I know, Charlie, I'm getting there. You see, we have to take huge steps to achieve the massive improvements in results we are looking for, and these salary and wage cuts alone will save around one million per year. So…how do we get them to agree? You, Fred, will be making the speech to the workforce and my recommendations for that speech would be to base it on the following major points. I would start by telling them what last years' losses were and point out that we are continuing to make losses this year—not untrue on a cumulative basis to date. Then show them the cuts we want to make, about which they will already have been informed by the works council. Make sure they see that you guys are taking bigger cuts than they are, including zero bonuses, and that the lower earners have to sacrifice less. And then I would state that the situation has become so serious that we have 480 jobs available at the lower rates and no jobs at all at the current rates. Because our shareholders will possibly close us down. We have to shock them but we mustn't lie. Closure is not on the agenda, and it is therefore important to use the word 'possibly'. Which is not a lie, because anything is possible on this planet, as Toyota keeps telling us."
"And you think this will work?" asked Fred.
"Yes. If we shock them enough. Many of them won't be able to find new jobs in the current environment and they know it. Also, you may want to mention that we pay over the national union rates anyway and we believe that this sacrifice is not only a socially structured one but is also within acceptable limits. A good psychological way to finish would be to say that, quite simply, we are looking for their cooperation to help save the company. And to avoid us having to begin reducing headcount, starting now. And we would be looking for their reply next week."
"Still difficult, in my view," said Charlie.
"You may be right, Charlie, but I don't think so. When you tell them that as soon as we are profitable again, and that might be next year already, we will at least reverse the cuts, I think that should swing it."
"And we don't need to mention that the profits will be based on audited accounts, so the reversal would effectively be the year after."
"Correct, Charlie. Of course, you might want to do it a bit sooner, Fred, but that's your call. After all, the permanent benefit is that we will already have saved some salary and wage costs in the meantime…plus any related increases that might have been."
"Right," said Fred. "Even so, it's a hell of a sacrifice, including for us."
"I agree, Fred, although less than you think after income tax. But I think you will find that if you make next year's targets, your bonuses and stock options are going to be very big ones. And it is a momentum which should continue for several years. We are going to achieve those targets, no sweat. Not a bad deal at all, in my view."
"No risk for next year maybe, but I don't know about the year afterwards."
"Well, I will be cooperating with you at least until the end of next year. Mainly from a distance, so I won't be bothering you too much. And free of charge if we don't make the targets. As agreed with Roger. And as I never like to work for no money, we will make the targets, believe me. What's more, we will do it easily. I will be having more recommendations on the sales and marketing side, for one thing."
"Nice to hear, Peter, nice to hear," said Fred. "Right…well…we will need to discuss this with our colleagues and if there is agreement, we can meet with the works council tomorrow morning or tomorrow afternoon. I'll let you know what happens, Peter. Excuse me, but I'm a bit short on time this morning…the next subject is purchasing?"
"Yes, Fred, and I'll keep it short. As you know, we have already sent out letters to all major suppliers telling them we would like to meet with them individually to discuss our long-term relationship, 'partnership' is the term we used, I think. They will have realized that it's about prices of course."
"Yes. Some of them have already contacted us," said Charlie.
"Good. See if you can't fix some meetings for tomorrow and daily after that. The meetings themselves shouldn't take more than an hour each, but we should leave plenty of time between each one. I will be leading the meetings for the next couple of days and your purchasing guy should find the time to be with me. He's the one with the technical knowledge and he can see how I go about it and then he can do it on his own after that. We're aiming for an average of 8% by the way. A hard target, but as you already know, I consider easy targets to be a waste of time. I think we can swing it or at least get close to it. We'll tell them all we want 10% of course, and see how it goes."
"I'll be amazed if you can achieve that, Peter. But go ahead and surprise us. Wouldn't be the first time," said Charlie pleasantly, and laughed. "What's more, if you achieve it, it would probably mean we've simply been overpaying some of them." Another laugh.
Dead right buster, if you only knew it. Your so-called purchasing department hasn't negotiated anything for years, nothing at all. And why talk as if it has nothing to do with you?
"O.K. Well, now I will need a schedule of all suppliers showing products supplied, annual volumes, discounts or rebates agreed on, any issues on quality, any issues on meeting delivery deadlines, and anything else of interest. Starting of course with the ones for tomorrow."
"Right, I'll ask Ron to fix that," said Fred.
Right Fred, the purchasing department reports to Ron. Little do you know that we're going to be changing that before year-end. We're going to stop these separations of authority from responsibility in this area as well.
"Thanks, Fred. And to move on quickly, just a couple of words on today's last subject, results reporting. As you know, we have started to under-report to Group. They expect us to break even this year and are hoping we will meet our estimates for £2 million next year. And they will be delighted on both counts. Now…as you are aware, it is more or less certain we will beat both of those numbers but they don't need to know that yet. We should therefore continue to maximize our accruals and provisions. By the way Charlie, I noticed that we still have a lot of room in our inventory provisions, both for obsolescence and for shrinkage. It will be up to us to decide when to start releasing some of these amounts back into profits, depending on when and by how much we want to start exceeding Group's expectations, and in which year."
"The problem with doing this," said Charlie, "is that it won't get past the auditors at year-end."
"No problem Charlie. This is monthly internal reporting, there are no fiscal responsibilities involved. And if we have to make some adjustments for the year-end tax accounts, so be it. But that can also be avoided in my view. We need to create some calculated methodologies to support the provision numbers we want to show, and document them. I can assist on that if you wish; they need to be based on a formula, but it must provide flexibility. And if in a year or two we want to change the methodologies again, well…we can do that too."
"Sorry," said Fred, "but I have to be off now, Peter. Charlie and I will discuss what you have just mentioned and see what we think. Once again, many thanks for your input and see you tomorrow. Apologies for having to rush off."
We all stood up, shook hands, and that was that.
I passed by Ron's office to say hi but he wasn't there. I avoided the old cow's wasp nest and ran to the car. I got soaked, it was still pouring.
I drove off and about a hundred meters down the road I passed a parked blue Nissan. There was somebody in it, but I couldn't see whether it was a man or a woman. Strange. But it couldn't have anything to do with me, no reason. Just coincidence. Another blue Nissan, plenty of them.
I arrived back at the hotel, checked my emails, no message from Céline yet. I showered, changed into chinos and a sweater and rang for my suit to be collected and ironed. It was still grey outside but no more rain. I caught a cab to the Strand and walked up to Covent Garden for lunch, picked up an IHT on the way. There were 78 conflict deaths today, spread around fourteen countries, and they included some young girls blown up by the Taliban for going to school. The optimists are presumably saying don't worry, as they always do, it will all get better soon, the human race has already improved itself and it will, eventually, at some undetermined and unforecastable point in time in the future, improve itself some more. We will stop killing each other.
Optimists. Optimists are people who are not in full possession of all the facts. How else could you choose to ignore tens of centuries of unassailable proof to the contrary?
I left the restaurant, lit up a cigarette and turned right to head towards Obrix Consultancy. And…there was that morose looking fellow again. He disappeared around the corner as soon as I started walking in his direction. Now, this was not a coincidence, it couldn't be. But why would anyone want to follow me? Maybe something to do with Jeremy Parker. Yes. But what for? And why follow me, instead of stopping me and asking or saying whatever needed to be asked or said?
* * * * *
The dream was sitting at her desk, gamma rays pouring out of her the same as before. I am no longer interested of course, other than for the pleasures of visual inspection, that inoperable male disease. And so I was polite, a small smile instead of a big one and no prolonged gazing into those large and erotic eyes. A treatment to which she probably wasn't accustomed. Maybe that's why she switched on her own penetrating look, bombarding me with a cloud of lethal electromagnetic rays, pure actinism, asking me how things were and so on as she took me down to the meeting room. Or maybe there had been a split with boyfriend number thirty eight that weekend. Or maybe she had decided that chinos and a sweater made me into a real man, one worth investigating more deeply. Or maybe none of that, maybe she was just having fun, playing her favorite game of destroying the harmonic arrangement of the male hormones.
She opened the meeting room door.
"There we are Mr. O'Donaghue," she said, with a smile one would normally associate with a boa constrictor, a sexy boa constrictor in this case, but nevertheless a boa constrictor, one contemplating how best to crush a newly identified victim.
"Thank you, Miss…?" I said. Might as well get the name even though I had no intention of adding her to the blinking red light list.
"Goodall," she replied, "Jane Goodall. Mr. Parker…Mr. O'Donaghue." And with that she did her noiseless disappearance act again.
Ahah. Now there we have some proof. Which Jeremy put into words for me. "Good day to you, Peter," said Jeremy. "You appear to have attracted the attention of our lovely Miss Goodall. An unusually rare event, I can assure you."
"Good day to you Jeremy. Attracted her attention?" I asked.
"Yes, she never gives her first name to anybody. You are an exalted exception. The ball, as you might say, now appears to be in your court."
For a guy with a mental health problem, a big mental health problem, friend Jeremy could sound excessively normal and sane sometimes.
"Well, Jeremy, you probably did your computer hacking trick again, just to make me feel welcome. But don't worry, I won't be lobbing the ball back. I never mix business with pleasure. One of my rules."
Jeremy laughed. "No," he said, "And I have my rules as well. No hacking unless it serves a laudable purpose. Let me assure you that Miss Goodall decided all by herself that you should become acquainted with her first name."
"Well, then I am definitely flattered, but as I said, I shall not be mixing business with pleasure. Although it was definitely a pleasure to receive your two payments, for which thank you very much, Jeremy. And here is the business end of that as requested, the two related invoices."
I handed him the documents to which he applied his speed-reading technique, about two seconds it took him.
"These are fine, Peter, thank you very much. And now perhaps, we could start off on the second item of our agenda? Coffee?"
"No thanks," I said. "I had one just before I came here. But before we start, there is a small matter I would like to ask you about if I may."
"Certainly," said Jeremy, pouring a coffee for himself, "go ahead."
"Do you have someone following me?"
He looked straight at me, clearly puzzled.
"No, why?"
"There is someone following me. Not very professionally either, or I wouldn't have noticed him. I've seen him three times since yesterday. And I'm not sure, but he may have been following me this morning to Slough as well."
"Hmm…interesting. And you think this has something to do with me?"
"Yes. It can't be anything else."
"Alright. Let us do two things. First of all, let's check it out. A good way would be to walk over a long bridge. We have the Thames handy for that. Stop about three quarters of the way over to look at the river. Watch everybody coming from the direction you came from. If anybody is following you, he or she will have to stop and look at the river as well. Nowhere else to go on a bridge. Take good note of anybody doing that and then start to walk back the way you came. Once off the bridge, turn a corner somewhere and wait. See if that person comes along."
"O.K., total confirmation. And if I am being followed?"
"Then we will need to talk about it. In the meantime, let me give you this." He fished in a briefcase sitting on the floor next to him and gave me a mobile phone.
"This," he continued, "is one of a couple of mobiles I adapted in case a need arose for confidential communication regarding non-Obrix matters. It has no number and it won't work if you dial another number on it either. Just press the green button and you will reach me. It will record the fingerprint of whichever finger you elect to use first time around, and it will only function after that if recognizing that print. The phone looks very similar to yours, but it is non-locatable and has automatic encryption just in case. Encryption of a kind unknown on this planet. If you are being followed, you should always use this phone to contact me. Initially, so that we can arrange a different meeting place each time and discuss how you are to get there without being followed."
"I don't know that I like this Jeremy. My life is great as it is and I don't need it being messed around with. Being followed is not, I repeat not, going to be part of my existence. Nor is it part of our agreement."
And as for the mobile phone, I thought, well, it's easy enough to fix the dialing if you know how. It doesn't matter who the carrier is. And some kind of alien encryption? Just another delusion of his in his long, long list of delusions.
"Well, we have to confirm your suspicion first, Peter. And in any case, and in spite of our revised conditions, you could walk out of our contract at any time, so you don't have a problem as far as I can see. Except, of course, that the €400,000 would walk away in the opposite direction to the one you take and I would demand the return of the additional €100,000 already paid."
"Yes, Jeremy, well…we'll see about that. How about we move on with the day's agenda?"
"Right. 'Interaction among Selves', he said. "Fire away."
"I don't have much to contribute on this Jeremy, just some facts that I happen to be aware of."
"That's O.K.," he said. "Whatever you have. I will research any gaps."
I was in a bad mood. I really don't need all of this shit. First a lunatic and now I'm being spied on—probably anyway—for reasons I can't conceive and couldn't care less about in any case. On the other hand, €400,000 for doing nothing more than attending a few more interviews was not a concept that my neurons were allowing me to junk just yet. So okay, I'll do this meeting, I'll tell him some more about his own planet. I'll give it to him straight.
"Our main interaction," I began, "by which I mean one that began at the beginning, has continued throughout history and is perpetuated to this day, is…we kill ourselves."
I paused and looked for his reaction. There was none.
"In other words, we do not just slaughter other species. We slaughter ourselves. We have always done this and we do it in several different ways. Mass slaughter is something we call war, individual slaughter is something we call murder, the slaughter of unborn fetuses we call abortion, and when individuals kill themselves we call it suicide."
"Are you trying to tell me that this is a major activity?" Jeremy asked.
"Yes, either a major activity or the major activity, take your pick. Let me give you some statistics. I'll start with the mass killings, for which we use the various terms international war, civil war, genocide, ethnic cleansing, terrorist war, drugs war and religious war. The first war ever, as far as we can determine, was between Lagas and Umma (the latter, coincidentally, being part of today's Iraq) and it took place in the year 2550 B.C. Since then, there have been about 14,400 wars resulting in the deaths of 3.5 billion human beings at the hands of other human beings. And of course it's ongoing, these numbers are increasing. A roller-coaster of death if you will. The most murderous war occurred in our very most recent century in fact. World War II we called it. In that war alone 65 million humans were killed."
Jeremy leaned forward on the table. "Did you say 65 million?" he asked.
"Yes," I answered. "And this war also enabled us to demonstrate some of our newly acquired skills such as how to create and operate death factories. In the death factories, an estimated 7.6 million innocent non-combatants were gassed to death except for a few who were murdered in other ways, including brutal mistreatment, forced starvation or simply being shot. Lots of men, lots of women, and lots of children. Mainly those belonging to the Jewish religion but also others, including people of 'inferior' race, gypsies, homosexuals—also many merely suspected of being homosexual—and the physically and mentally handicapped."
"Most were gassed?"
"Indeed they were, Jeremy. We have always been interested in gassing other humans to death. During the most recent century, we have had massive gas usage in World War I, we have had Italy using it to kill Abyssinians (now Ethiopians), the Japanese using it to kill Chinese, Egypt using it in its war against Yemen, Saddam Hussein's Iraq using it in its war against Iran—and also, just by the way, to kill thousands of civilians in Halabja in 1988—and it is still ongoing. Syria has recently used gas to massacre thousands of its own civilians."
"But Hitler and his friends were the ones who really liked gas."
"No, Jeremy, as a matter of fact Hitler did not like gas. He was gassed himself during World War I and that is why he prohibited its use against the enemy. But he was happy for it to be used for killing sub-humans."
"Sub-humans?"
"Yes, the millions of innocent non-combatants I have just mentioned. He classified them as sub-humans."
"I must say that I have never heard of a life-form like that," said Jeremy. "It sounds to me as if some of the content of my thesis could become horrific enough to result in the generation of widespread interest. And in that case I, as the researcher, would be much in demand to elaborate upon it all."
He wasn't getting emotional about it. He just sat there looking at me with a mournful expression on his face, kind of sorrowful. And as for his destiny as a researcher, well he was welcome to add that to the list of accessories required for his fantasy world, be my guest.
"So," he continued, "things have deteriorated all along and, given the events in your most recent century, the deterioration appears to be continuing, in fact accelerating. Is that correct?"
"Yes," I said, "although not everyone would agree with that. Many people call it an improvement, they say things are improving. We have had people like that all through our history. They are our optimists."
"Optimists? Improving?"
"Yes, I met one of them in a pub in Passau once. He said that the slaughters of the twentieth century were only due to the fact that we had invented better weapons and better methods with which to kill ourselves. He completely rejected my point that we would have done it anyway, with bows and arrows if necessary, and that we would have used swords instead of gas in our death factories."
"And on what basis did he justify his view?"
"He didn't. These people don't trouble themselves to support their views based on facts. They simply ignore the facts. Which, as you already know, doesn't disturb me in the slightest, I just listen to them and continue to observe from my seat in the theater."
"Yes, I had registered that."
"Now, of course," I continued, "we have bigger and better things. We have made other cutting-edge discoveries, such as how to split the atom. We have constructed atom bombs, followed by more advanced thermonuclear weapons. Lots of them."
"And the purpose or purposes of these bombs?" asked Jeremy.
"Is to be able to slaughter ourselves in even vaster quantities than was possible before."
"Are you saying that that is the only purpose?"
"Yes."
"But why would you people want to do that?"
"A good question, Jeremy, and it has a simple answer. It's just the way we are. It's the way we always were and it's the way we will always be."
"But doesn't anyone try to do anything about it?"
"Oh yes—but to little or no effect. Having deployed a couple of these nuclear weapons in Japan at the end of World War II, we then manufactured vast arsenals of the things. This was followed by years and years of arguing—our species argues about everything and never stops—following which there was a decision to destroy some of these bombs. There are now only around 20,000 of these bombs, which means the capacity to kill our whole species has been reduced to several times over, down from many times over. Not that we can't quickly manufacture more if we want to."
"Pretty asinine, I must admit. But at least it was a step in the right direction, albeit a small one."
"Not really, Jeremy. It's not only the major powers which possess nuclear weapons. Several other countries have been adding themselves to that list: Israel, Pakistan, India, North Korea, for example. And still more countries are developing even more nuclear bombs: Iran and who knows who is next. And many of these bombs are being trundled non-stop around the world's oceans in submarines. And others are being flown around in planes; we have bombs permanently in the air."
"Difficult to understand indeed."
"Indeed, but as I pointed out at the beginning, killing is our major activity. And even in the matter of war, the stupidity of our species is interesting to observe. Would you believe that we are actually interested in how we kill ourselves? Well, we are, yes indeed. There are thousands of examples but I'll mention just one to keep it short: a relatively recent agreement between over 100 countries states that cluster bombs should be eliminated. There are, however, two problems with this. First of all, not all of the countries have complied with the agreement. And secondly, certain major powers including the USA, China and Russia—in other words, those whose arsenals of cluster bombs are larger than anyone else's—did not even sign the agreement."
"Fascinating. Fascinatingly stupid, I should say."
"Yes, Jeremy. And then the question arises as to why we don't ban the use of 'normal' bombs, mines, automatic weapons, missiles and other weapons such as machetes , which was the weapon of choice for slaughtering hundreds of thousands of people in Rwanda. Or chemical weapons such as Agent Orange, used by the British in Malaysia and by the Americans in Vietnam. The birdbrains lied about this by the way—what's new—and said that it was a harmless defoliant, not a weapon. But it killed or maimed 400,000 Vietnamese and caused a further 500,000 to be born with horrific birth defects. Not to mention the many victims among those deploying this so-called 'herbicide'.
"The question you raise is obviously a valid one, Peter. But I assume the reason for the attempt to eliminate cluster bombs was a well-intentioned one, because these particular weapons can kill extremely large numbers of civilians as well as combatants?"
"Possibly, Jeremy. But they continue to be used. Massively, in fact, in the current Syria conflict. And in any case, banning anything is fairly pointless when you continue to have nuclear bombs, wouldn't you agree? And listen to this. A century ago, during World War I, civilian deaths amounted to approximately 5% of total war deaths. Today, civilian deaths amount to close to 75% of the total. Interesting, don't you think?"
"I suppose one could use the word 'interesting' to describe it. But possibly the higher number of non-combatant deaths is due to the fact that many of your wars nowadays are civil wars, or so I have read. And as regards civil wars, I assume that among the major reasons for these are differences in ideological conviction?"
"Sometimes. But racial, ethnic and religious animosities are more frequent causes. This has certainly been the case for the twenty civil wars in Africa during the past fifty years. And the strength of the hatred involved in these animosities is unbelievable. I won't even attempt to describe some of the horrendous atrocities perpetrated as a result."
"Hmm…and so just how many wars are taking place at the moment?"
"Last year there were 30 active wars. This was an improvement over the prior year which had 34 active wars. This produced some euphoric scribbling in the tabloid press. We as a species are quite proud of this reduction, even if many of the current wars are major wars, rather than minor ones."
"Major ones?"
"Oh yes. We find that our major activity—the hobby of slaughtering each other—is so interesting that, among other things, we categorize our wars. This allows us to study various statistics, a fascinating pursuit, and to separate those dying in 'minor wars' from those dying in 'major' wars. This can of course be confusing, as a major war could have been a minor one last year, or a minor one could become a major one next year. But we employ bureaucrats to ensure these statistics comply with the regulations."
"So what is a major war?"
"The United Nations," I continued, "defines a major war as a conflict inflicting a minimum of 1,000 human battlefield deaths per year, excluding, in other words, civilian deaths. Civilian deaths and non-human deaths are mere collateral damage and would simply distort the statistical measurements, you understand. I mean, you wouldn't want your statistics being messed up with, for example, the 140,000 civilian deaths in Iraq, including the 8,000 last year—or the 60,000 civilian deaths in Syria so far, including the 5,000 dead children but excluding the 1,000 children arrested and tortured in Syrian prisons, but not yet killed (as far as we know). Would you?"
"If you say so," said Jeremy.
I went over to the table in the corner and poured myself some coffee. I need it. These meetings may be an easy way to earn money, but I can't pretend to be enjoying them. Even so, I am playing the game properly. I am treating him as if he were a real alien and I am giving him what few facts I have at my disposal on the subjects he has chosen. For this kind of money, I have no problem in toeing the line. No problem at all.
"O.K., that's enough on wars," said Jeremy, "let's switch to murders, if we may. These are presumably not very many. I don't see any humans killing any other humans as I walk around London."
"It depends on what you mean by not very many, Jeremy. United Nations statistics show that there are around 500,000 murders on this planet each and every year. That is an average of about one murder per minute, near enough. Plus the ones we don't know about of course."
He looked at me. He was still perfectly calm and collected, but the chapel hat pegs were on show. I suppose some of these statistics could be a bit mind-boggling if you were hearing them for the first time.
"You mentioned killing unborn fetuses," he continued, obviously having decided not to pursue the murder per minute subject either. "These are hopefully fewer in number than the murders."
"Well, I regret that I have to dash your hopes with a sledgehammer, Jeremy. In fact, with a very large and very heavy sledgehammer. There happen to be over 40 million abortions every year on this planet. Using the same calculation as for the murders, that represents an average of over 80 abortions per minute."
"Per minute? 80 abortions per minute?" he repeated.
"Yes. There's no way around it I'm afraid. Official statistics."
He definitely looked sad, I think today's information is finally, slowly, starting to overwhelm him a bit. And, come to think of it, it is sad. Not that I personally lose any sleep over it of course. There is really no point. It's the human race, isn't it? It's just the way we are.
He thought for a while and decided not to pursue this item either.
"And the suicides?" he asked. He looked as if he was prepared to believe anything, billions maybe.
Ah well, that is not such a bad number," I said. "Only about 1 million per year. Or two per minute, if you like."
"Two per minute."
"More or less, yes."
"What's wrong?" he asked.
"What's wrong? How do you mean, Jeremy?"
"Well, why would so many human beings kill themselves? And every year you said."
"Ah, a good question, Jeremy. It's mainly because they don't think this planet is a good place to be. Being controlled and managed as it is by what, for them, is a pretty stupid and horrifying species."
"But they are a member of the species themselves."
"Ah yes, but they don't want to be. And so they opt out."
"O.K.," he sighed. He went to fetch himself some more coffee, came back and sat down again at the table.
"Of course," I said, "there are the suicide bombers as well."
"Suicide bombers? What do they do?"
"Well…they kill as many other human beings as they can while killing themselves—usually by blowing themselves up in the middle of a large crowd. And usually for religious reasons. They believe what their religion's human representatives tell them, namely that this is what their god wants them to do, and that they will receive some kind of superb posthumous rewards for doing it."
"Now why would they believe that?"
"Because some other human beings have told them to."
"That is why they believe it? There is no other reason?"
"That is why. There is no other reason."
"I think I would like to leave this whole matter of killing if you don't mind," Jeremy said. "In fact, I would like to cut this meeting short. Do you think you could merge any other major human interaction items into the subject for our next meeting? Social and Organizational Characteristics?"
"No problem, Jeremy. As subjects, they more or less overlap anyway."
"Good. Would you be able to meet again this Friday?"
"Yes. What time?"
"Let's leave that open, Peter. You will be calling me in any case about anyone following you and we can arrange a time and place depending on that." He certainly sounded somewhat disheartened. Dejected. Today's few facts and figures clearly did not depict a particularly benevolent species. He presumably would have preferred a more harmonious bunch of life-forms for his doctorate work.
"Understood," I said. And the meeting was over. We stood up, shook hands and I headed for the exit at a fair rate of knots.
Little Miss Goodall was sitting there, typing away and diffusing her erotic aura all over the place without appearing to notice. Well, she wouldn't need to notice, she knows it's there day and night, no matter what she's doing.
"Thank you, Jane," I said with a smile. See how she reacts to my use of her first name.
"Oh, Mr. O'Donaghue," she replied with a smile that would incinerate the cockles of your heart, whatever, as I tend to remark, they may be. "That was a relatively short meeting."
"The name is Peter, Jane. Yes, so I'm off now. Take care, see you next time."
"Oh…well…hope to see you soon. ´Bye Peter."
I gave a little wave of the hand and hopped through the door, down the stairway and out onto the street. Lit an overdue cigarette. Jane must be puzzled. This is a courteous male client. But he is not drooling at the mouth, he is not attempting any useful conversation, he is seemingly unaffected by her charms, to use a polite term for her seductive wares, and probably, therefore, not necessarily interested in said wares. Which, as it happens, I'm not. There should be a message by now from Céline. I'll check when I'm back at the hotel. Even so, it will be interesting to see what Jane gets up to with the courteous Mr. O'Donaghue next time we meet. Peter she calls me now and hopes to see me again soon. Unless, of course, she has started on boyfriend number thirty nine by then.
That man was there again. In a doorway. I caught sight of him out of the corner of my eye. Stamped my cigarette out and sauntered off in the direction of Tavistock Street. I knew exactly where to go to check this out, there was no need for a trek over the Thames. The ground floor entrance to the 'En Passant' has a recess for trash bins in the short hallway before you go through the door and up the stairs. I would speed up when turning the corner and get in there before he could see me. He would also turn the corner, see I wasn't there and presumably start checking the entrances on both sides of the street as he walked along. But my entrance would be empty, I would be tucked into the recess and he wouldn't be able to see me. I, on the other hand, would be able to see him as he passed on. Because the recess was on the left as you walk in and I would have come from the right end of the street. So all I had to do was leave a couple of centimeters of vision to observe anyone passing on to the next doorway.
I didn't look behind me, not even sideways, just to show him that I had no idea he might be following me. I sauntered around the corner into Tavistock Street. And then I sprinted along to the 'En Passant' and into the recess and waited.
But not for long. There he was, passing by, nothing in this doorway, and on he continued down the street. I calculated two minutes for him to get to the end. I then calculated another half a minute for him to stand there looking back before deciding that he'd probably lost me, but that it would be worth a cursory check of the next street just in case. And I added another half a minute for that.
And, exactly three minutes later, I peeked out. There were quite a few people going to wherever they were going, but there was no sign of my sleuth. I left the doorway, vanished quickly around a couple of corners and kept going until I found an empty cab, and directed the driver to my hotel.
I checked my mailbox as soon as I got to my room. No message. And no calls during the day to my mobile either. I didn't like it. But maybe she'd had a difficult time with her fiancé. Maybe I would get a call sometime tonight, maybe she would be on a flight to London tomorrow. I didn't like it, but it wasn't the time to bug her with another email. Which, come to think of it, was the only way I could contact her. How come I hadn't got her phone number or her address even? Shit, I don't even know her surname. My mind must be clogging up, losing its grip at the age of thirty eight already.
I was tired. I had dinner in the hotel, a Côtes du Rhône with it, an expensive one this time and it was as good as the good cheaper ones, and I finished the IHT and went to bed.

DAY 13
I woke up in not such a good mood. Céline had not called or sent me a message last night. If I heard nothing from her during the day, I would have to figure out what kind of a message to send this evening to find out what was going on or what had happened.
I cheered myself up with my poached eggs, my Chivers and my Lavazza. I went back to my room and called Jeremy on the alien phone, as my neurons had decided to refer to it, punched the green button.
Abracadabra—a cabbalistic word originating with Moses—the phone worked, no problem. "Good morning, Peter," he said, sounding not quite as depressed as when I had left him yesterday.
"Morning, Jeremy. Just calling to let you know that I am indeed being followed. I checked it out. It was the same chap. Amateur."
He thought about that for a moment.
"Well…let's find out who he is or who they are. And what he or they want. Confront him, ask him."
Pretty logical. "Will do, Jeremy," I said. "I'm off to Slough again now. I'll give you a call later in the day and let you know what happens. Cheerio."
"Have a good day, Peter."
And so it was the M4 again. A warm day, sunny, but I drove as slowly as if it were raining, checked for a blue Nissan. But I didn't see one, and I didn't see any other car that appeared to be following me. I pulled into Clark's and checked the road for a couple of minutes. Just normal traffic, no blue Nissan.
I smoked a leisurely cigarette and went inside, received a good morning from the guy at the desk. Surprise, surprise. A sunny day, and he wasn't off somewhere else having a smoke.
I went along to Ron's office.
"Good morning, Peter," he chimed. "That set-up reduction initiative of yours is going great guns. We've set up the groups, the guys are really into it, off to a great start. One meeting a week but they're looking at things every day, thinking about them, coming up with all kinds of ideas. And two of the groups have found the reasons for a couple of quality defects as well."
"I'm pleased to hear it, Ron. Have we got any suppliers coming in today?"
"Yes. Joe has fixed up one for this morning and one for midday. Four more tomorrow, I think."
Joe Braithwaite was the purchasing guy and he had one assistant. They reported to Ron, who as far as I could determine devoted perhaps one hour per year to this responsibility of his. Well, as I have already mentioned, that was going to change before the year was out. But first, I would be accumulating some data to be able to prove exactly how badly things had been managed in the past.
I went along to Joe's office. I liked Joe, I liked his honesty. He always said what he thought, but at the same time I had never heard him say anything really nasty about another person. I couldn't say the same for myself of course, even if I don't allow my dislikes to escalate into anything worse. Joe was an ex-rugby player with the nose and the ears to verify it. He was going bald on top, not a problem for a guy cemented into a marriage with four kids running around all over the place. A happy marriage as I understood it, a rare enough accomplishment given the nature of our species, and particularly these days, given the fact that women are no longer financially dependent on their husbands. It cheers you up to come across such relationships from time to time—although they are not for the likes of me of course.
Hi, Peter," he said. "We could only manage to fix two meetings for today. But we've got four for tomorrow, two in the morning and two in the afternoon. Here are the two summaries for today's visitors. The first meeting starts in half an hour. We've got the big meeting room, drinks and coffee arranged."
"Great, Joe. I can see you're busy. See you in half an hour, O.K.?"
I got myself a coffee from the machine and took it outside, lit up another cigarette. Warm and sunny, transforming the Slough industrial estate into just an awful place instead of an appalling one.
I thought about Céline again. Something had to be wrong. It could be that she has decided she prefers her fiancé after all. Or it could be that she found that poem to be really weird, making me a weird kind of guy to be avoided at all costs. I shouldn't have sent it, bloody stupid come to think of it. I should have cobbled together a couple of romantic lines and complied with the red wine promise that way. Or it could be—heaven, whichever one you prefer, forbid—that she's had an accident or fallen ill. Or it could be that her email isn't working and she doesn't have a mobile phone. But that is ludicrous, it would mean that she doesn't have a home phone either and is allergic to mobile ones. No doubt about it, emotional stress has the ability to reduce your neurons to a worthless morass of unusable static.
I strolled across the parking lot to the exit, checked the road. No blue Nissan.
I went back inside and into the meeting room. Joe was there arranging drinks for two guys in suits and ties who were both fiddling around with their mobiles as if suffering from some kind of recently evolved electronic disease. Lots of them about these days, you see them everywhere. Take away their mobiles and you would have to construct a few thousand additional clinics specializing in disorders of the central nervous system.
Joe introduced me to them and I handed each of them a card, took theirs in return. One of them was their sales director, Michael Crawford, one of those guys who have no heads, they are connected to their torsos by necks wider than your average oak tree, makes them look like a single, solid block of flesh. The other guy was a finance manager, David Price, a thin-faced guy with a long beak of a nose, presumably the underdog today. Both smiling and pleasant, however. And so they should be, we are the customer.
I explained how satisfied we were with our business relationship, how we intended to continue the partnership long-term, blah, blah, blah. I asked them how they found the relationship.
"Fantastic," said the block of flesh, "excellent." A sales guy, this Michael, what else was he going to say?
"We need your cooperation," I said. "Times are hard, our profits are gone, we have to achieve savings. The savings we need to achieve on raw materials purchases have been calculated at 10.2%. This is the result of an in-depth analysis and has been mandated by our general manager. This is the task that Joe and I here have been given. That is the situation in a nutshell and we would be grateful if you could let us have your comments on that please."
Michael began to waffle about restricted margins, difficult market situations, rising costs, 10% is unfeasible, and all the rest of it. When he finally stopped, I said nothing, I just stared at him. Not nastily, not provocatively…but with that piercing look for which I am renowned, or would be if there were any piercing-look championships. Silence is a powerful weapon, no doubt about it, it embarrasses the other party, it makes them feel nervous, it makes them feel obligated to say something, the void must somehow be filled.
"I think," said Michael with a sideways glance at his colleague, "that we could possibly go to 5%. A big stretch for us, but I think we would be prepared to make that sacrifice to demonstrate how we have valued your custom over the years and how we continue to value it."
"Michael, I repeat that we are not threatening to switch some or all of our orders to one of your competitors." Ha, but that is exactly what we are threatening; maybe he suspects that or maybe he doesn't. "I repeat," I continued, "that we are very pleased to have you as our supplier. You provide us with good quality, you meet your delivery deadlines and our relationship is a very satisfactory one overall. We are most definitely not saying give us 10% or we won't order, and I would not want there to be any misunderstanding on that point. Please."
He and his partner David looked relieved to hear this. They didn't think they were showing it, but their body language, the cursory relaxing of the posture, the slight easing back in the chair, the faint but noticeable slackening of the muscles around the mouth, these all are signs to which I am well attuned. And that of course is my aim, to have them thinking that although we are going through tough times, we are civilized and agreeable people, not given to unpleasant or menacing discussions, compromises are the rule of thumb. We and they are all just a bunch of great fellows, chewing the fat over the table in a courteous and harmonious manner. Yeah, right.
"Well, Peter, I understand perfectly and I wouldn't have interpreted otherwise. But even so, I think I can still say that we are prepared to cooperate with 5%. Our two companies are, after all, in a form of partnership, and in a partnership there has to be some give and take on both sides. And, in view of your request, I think that this is one of those occasions when we, as your supplier, have to give. As I have said, it won't be easy for us to do, but we would like to show that we are prepared to cooperate."
"Michael, thank you, I appreciate that. However, this certainly makes things difficult for Joe and myself. As you know, we have invited all of our suppliers to visit us, one on one, and we are expecting to achieve the 10% target we've been given by our boss. This applies particularly to our longer term partners. Now…we're a very good customer of yours, as you know, and we always pay. Not only that, but we always pay on time, not something to be taken for granted in these unaccommodating times. In fact, I am sure you would love to have thousands of customers like ourselves. Your profits would simply pour in—regular orders, no cash flow difficulties, no bad debts and absolutely nothing else to worry about. The problem you are giving us, Michael, is that 5% from you means that Joe and I would have to obtain 15% from someone else with the same transaction volumes. And 15%, as I am sure you agree, would probably be unattainable."
No way does he want to lose a customer such as Clark's. It wouldn't do him any good back at the ranch. On top of that it wouldn't help him reach his sales target for this year—a major risk to his annual bonus, if he gets one.
"I understand that," said Michael, nodding his head. Or trying to, his head couldn't move much on that neck of his.
"We may not be your biggest customer, Michael," I continued, "but, as you know, we are not a small one either and we faithfully and regularly order, year after year, we pay, and I am sure you count us as one of your best customers. And now we are asking you and your company for help."
I stopped, I looked at him and I let the silence roll again.
He looked back at me, and then he looked at his colleague and then he said, "This is very difficult for us. I would like to discuss this outside with Dave if you wouldn't mind. Would you kindly excuse us for a moment? We'll be back in five minutes."
"Absolutely no problem," I said and glanced at Joe, who smiled and said, "no hurry, please take as long as you need."
They stood up and left and I looked out of the window and saw them appear around the corner of the building. Michael was chattering away on his mobile, David was messing around with his.
I turned to Joe. "Well, Joe, how do you think it's going?"
"Interesting for me, Peter. Interesting to see how you go about it." He had a crafty smile on his face. "The nebulous understanding that we will continue to buy from them even if they give us nothing, which I don't think they believe but they daren't say so of course, is a good ploy. And the direct request for help shows honesty and makes it clear that we are requesting and not demanding. Mentioning the other supplier visits makes them think about how they will compare. And telling them our target is 10% instead of 8% is also a good device."
"Well, Joe, it's just one way to do it. We all have our own methods and this is not necessarily the best one. You may have a different style which is at least as good as or even better than mine, and in any case, depending on the different suppliers' reactions, you sometimes have to change tack in the middle of it all. Press harder or start backpedalling, as the case may be."
We were pouring ourselves more coffee when Michael and his sidekick came back into the room. They sat down, and put on their thoughtful looks.
"Joe, Peter, we have decided we can go to 8%. We can't do the 10%, no way. And this arrangement would need to be subject to re-discussion in one year's time. That would be a condition. I hope you understand."
Re-discuss in a year's time? But of course, old chap. Re-discussing something has never hurt anybody, particularly when you're not committing to anything other than to re-discuss.
I put on a serious, worried look. I allowed myself to look fairly troubled. I looked at Joe. He had also adopted a harassed expression. But we'd made our target on this one and it was pretty clear that we weren't going to be able to get a penny more. So we were both happy enough little fellows.
I let the silence stand for maybe thirty seconds and then I put on my 'courage in the face of adversity' tone.
"Very well, Michael, David. It seems reasonably clear that we will have to run with that in this case. As I have already said, you continue to be a greatly valued business partner and we intend to continue our commercial relationships as before, no change, no change at all. Joe and I would like to thank you both for your efforts on this occasion. We appreciate it very much. And now, if there are any other matters from your end that you would like to discuss, please fire away."
There were a couple of other subjects, product details, and Joe dealt with them easily, he has the technical expertise. And then they were gone, we were all still friends. That was an easy one, I thought to myself.
* * * * *
Joe and I had a quick meal in the factory canteen. I politely listened to a mountain of trivial details concerning the uninteresting activities of his offspring. It made me sincerely savor my status as an unfettered single male, unhampered by the incarcerating restrictions of those who have gone down the reproduction route.
The second meeting was at one o'clock and a very different kettle of fish—weird expression, who puts fish in a kettle—when compared to the one this morning. There were three of them and they were all boring, all the same, in the sense that they were not only dull themselves, but the cause of dullness in others. And they offered only 2% and they wouldn't budge an inch from that. I said cheerio, shook hands with them all, it felt like grasping three dead fish before they had had time to stiffen.
"Joe," I said after they had left, "you know what we are going to do with this lot?"
"Not really," he said, "you were rattling away again about continuing the long-term relationship, irrespective of pricing."
"Quite right. And we will continue to carry on a long-term relationship with them. We will talk to them on the phone a couple of times a year. But we won't be ordering anything for a while, we'll be buying from one of their competitors. As a new customer we probably won't have any difficulty in negotiating a lower price, but even if we can't, we'll still buy from the competitor anyway. I don't like doing that—according to your summary here we've been getting top quality and faultless delivery performance from the current guys, and you can never tell how a new supplier is going to work out. If there are problems, the cheaper price just wouldn't be worth it. But we're going to go ahead and do it anyway."
"Right you are," said good old Joe. What an agreeable guy he is.
"What will happen, Joe," I said, "is that today's guys will contact you in a month or two, asking why we're not ordering. You will just tell them that we're overstocked at the moment, tell them our sales are down on the products we use their materials for, tell them our customers are indicating our products are too expensive and they're asking for lower prices. Whatever, just make them sweat a bit. Do not, of course, tell them that we've stopped buying from them because they wouldn't give us what we wanted. I'll make a bet with you, Joe, that they come along after another couple of months with a 5% offer. And when that happens, we will merely politely repeat our 10% target requirement. And when they eventually offer us 8%, we will, with a mixture of fortitude and resignation, yield. And thank them very much for their cooperation. O.K.? It might not work though, Joe. I might lose my bet. But time, as time is wont to do, will provide the answer."
I went back with Joe to his office and he gave me the four supplier details for tomorrow's sessions. The first one is at nine o'clock. Before leaving, I dropped in to see Fred. He had just finished his meeting with the works council and they intended organizing a workforce assembly for the Friday afternoon. "Unpleasant times, Peter," he said. "Just think of the gains," I replied, "and what a hero you're going to be next year. Roger will give you a knighthood."
There was no Nissan parked in the road and, so far as I could tell, there were no blue cars or any kinds of car following me on the way back to London. I went up to my room and checked my messages. Nothing. This was really bad news. I didn't understand it. I would have to send her a message. But what kind of a message? Whatever had happened between us, we still hadn't known each other for a full twenty four hours. A lighthearted message would be the best perhaps. I typed it out and sent it.
Darling Céline, please let me know when you are arriving in London. I really am not as weird as that poem I sent you. Please bring it with you and I will tear it up, then I will shred it and then I will set fire to it and then I will throw the ashes into the Thames. I am missing you very badly. Please write. Your Peter. Yes, I know, overblown drivel, impossible for me to be 'Your Peter' yet, no further comment.
It was still afternoon. I thought I would trot along to the 'En Passant' and play some blitz. I was not in the mood to enjoy the good weather, Céline was weighing on my mind. And a major side-benefit of chess is that it takes your mind off all other things; the need to concentrate does it, no problem at all.
I decided to walk it, too much sitting on my ass in offices and in the car. Little Miss Ugly was at the desk again today. She was wearing a dark blouse which was more than successful in showing her breasts to be of a higher standard than her face, poor girl. I gave her another intense O'Donaghue smile and a friendly wave, and made her day again. I lit up a cigarette, took off down the street and turned the corner into Piccadilly. And there he was. The morose-looking bastard, peering interestedly into the window of a clothing shop. Not that this kind of guy could afford Piccadilly prices judging by the look of him, but I guess window-shopping is as plausible an activity as any other if your prey is not aware of you. Or if you think he isn't.
I went straight up to him. Morose-looking was definitely an accurate description for this guy. Maybe he had a ghastly wife. Maybe he couldn't afford a divorce. Maybe he had a whore as a mistress. And maybe he had gone heavily into debt financing expensive gifts to ensure she prolonged her pretense of liking morose-looking guys. Whatever, I suppose that having to trek around following somebody all day long is enough to make anyone morose. Or maybe he was just morose by nature. Or maybe he wasn't morose at all, maybe he just looked that way. Irrespective, it made you want to ask him why he didn't solve everything by stepping out in front of one of those London buses. There are plenty of buses in London, no planning required.
"Excuse me," I said.
"Yes?" he asked, removing his gaze from a pair of hideous jeans, the design, in my view, as nauseating as the price tag.
He had a pockmarked face, one of those skin diseases you can get when you're young and you can't do anything about for the rest of your life. Well, as we know, we all have our crosses to bear, some more than others of course. He looked a bit older than me, his dark hair was already going grey, not unkempt exactly but it could do with a haircut. He had thin lips, I have never liked thin lips, and his left eyelid had started to take over part of the eye, making him look as if he were permanently halfway through a wink. He was wearing a suit which didn't fit around the shoulders, an off-the-peg item. And he was sporting a blue and white striped tie which reached only half-way to his waist, accentuating a passable amount of beer-induced corpulence. And also accentuating the fact that nobody had ever educated him to ensure his tie reached the level of his belt, no more however, and also no less. But that complemented the shirt, one of those with a collar that can never be ironed properly. For all of that, he was a clean-shaven fellow, and he had a fairly clean appearance overall.
"Why are you following me?" I asked. No beating about the bushes for me today, thank you very much.
"Following you?"
"No, that wasn't my query. My query was 'why'."
He studied me for a moment and came to a decision.
"Perhaps we could find a place for a coffee," he said, "and I will explain."
"Perhaps we could. And hopefully you will."
We headed in the direction of Leicester Square and found ourselves a place to have a coffee.
"It has to do with Obrix Consultancy Partners," he said after we had ordered. "A Mr. Jeremy Parker."
I said nothing, looked at him.
"May I ask what your connection to Mr. Parker is?" he asked.
"No, you may not. You are the one who was going to do some explaining. Kindly proceed."
"Well, as I said, it has to do with a certain Mr. Jeremy Parker. We are interested in certain of his activities and consequently in anyone who has contact with him, other than bona fide employees of his companies needless to say."
"We? Who are 'we'?"
"We are a police department."
"A police department? What police department?"
"We are attached to New Scotland Yard."
"Attached? What does that mean?"
"Well, we are a special services unit. We tend to operate on unusual cases, ones that cannot necessarily be pursued in the normal manner. We cooperate with various departments including the Serious Organized Crime Agency, the Counter Terrorism Command, the Serious Fraud Office and even MI5 and MI6 on occasion. A 'man-of-all-trades' department, if you like, let's put it like that."
"Put it any way you wish," I said, "but I need to see some identification and I also need to make a note of your name and your superior's name as well."
"My name and identification is not a problem," he replied, pulling out what I believe is referred to as a warrant card from his inside pocket and showing it to me. "But I am not at liberty to divulge my superior's name. And any enquiries you might wish to make regarding myself would have to be made through the normal channels. Although," he continued with a slight cough, "I wouldn't recommend that."
"You wouldn't? Why not?"
"Well, such things are confidential and subject to a complicated process, involving, among other things, ratification of the person or persons making the enquiry. It tends to take a long time."
"It tends to take a long time, does it? Well, now that is a very interesting piece of information. So…and you are Tom Delsey, assuming your identification is not a fake. It looks fairly genuine though, not that I have the tiniest idea of how to judge these things. And you work for a special services unit."
"Correct."
"Well, I don't think much of your special services training. As a sleuth, you are close to useless. For a subject who has no reason to suspect he is being followed to notice you, you would have to be deficient to quite a degree. Inept would be a more precise word, wouldn't you agree? And in any case, why use only one person? Extremely unprofessional I would have thought. And was it you driving the blue Nissan?"
"Your comments are understandable, Mr. O'Donaghue, but are based on a false premise. First of all, this is not a matter of high priority for us—not at present anyway. And secondly, I wasn't too concerned about your noticing me. Believe me, if that had been a concern, there is no way you would have been able to observe us at all. We are merely interested in watching you to find out which other people you contact. Eventually we would have wanted to have a conversation with you, but that is happening now, not a problem. And yes, it was me driving the blue Nissan."
"How do you know my name? And why would you want to know who I am visiting? And why would you want to have a conversation with me? For your information, I am a perfectly typical, honorable, law-abiding member of the general public, not someone you could classify as one of your criminal elements."
"Well, checking up on somebody's name is not exactly an onerous task for the police, obviously. Nor is there anything illegal about it either. And as for your other two questions, Mr. O'Donaghue, the simple answer is because of Mr. Parker on the one hand, and on the other because you are a new acquaintance of his. A foreign resident one at that."
"Why because of Mr. Parker?"
"Well, Mr. O'Donaghue…what exactly is the nature of your acquaintanceship with Mr. Parker?"
"I am not sitting here in order to be interrogated, Mr. Delsey. Please get that straight. I am highly pissed off, to put it mildly, at being followed in the first place. I resent the intrusion into my personal life. And I specifically resent the fact that the intrusion into my personal life has been a concealed one; still would be in fact, were it not for your inadequate methods. So…what about Mr. Parker?"
"Yes. Well, we received a visit from a young lady."
"A young lady?"
Yes. She had certain comments to make about a certain Mr. Jeremy Parker. He apparently accosted her outside of a pub one evening and invited her to a meeting in his offices the next day. A meeting which, apparently, would be a particularly lucrative one for her. She attended the meeting and he did, in fact, pay her €100,000 in advance. We know that for a fact, she allowed us to check her bank account. A most unusual event."
"Sounds like it," I said.
"Yes…well it turned out not to be the most unusual event in that meeting."
"No?"
"No. What was more unusual was that he offered her a further €400,000. And all she had to do to earn it was attend a few more meetings. Not your normal daily occurrence. A highly unnatural proposition. Difficult to believe."
"Pretty weird, yes."
"Yes. But that was also not the most unusual part of that meeting. The most unusual part was that he claimed to be an alien."
"An alien? What's so unusual about that? There are thousands, maybe millions of aliens in this country."
"Not that kind of alien, Mr. O'Donaghue," he said. "An alien from outer space."
"Outer space? So…he's some kind of lunatic?"
"Well, what does it sound like to you, Mr. O'Donaghue? You should be able to judge that better than I can. After all, you are acquainted with him."
Yes I was. But I was also thinking of that additional €400,000 and the rest. It was of course clear to me that this interest on the part of the authorities could blow up any chances I might have of collecting more money from Jeremy. But it wasn't a foregone conclusion by any means, not yet. So I decided my best plan was to continue playing dumb.
"He seems perfectly sane to me," I said.
Yes…well…hmm. Anyway, the young lady certainly believed he was a lunatic and was convinced that he might even be a dangerous one. She didn't go back for the next meeting. She went to the police instead. And after the usual bureaucratic convolutions, the matter ended up on our plate. And we did two things initially. We documented her statement and we asked her to sign it. And we checked up on Jeremy Parker."
"And?"
"And he is indeed a lunatic. Or rather, he was. He made a miraculous recovery and was eventually released back into the world inhabited by you and I. And successful in business since then, all legal and above board."
"Well now…" I said.
"There is not much we can do at this stage. He could simply deny the alien part and defend the money side of it as a warrantable business transaction, perhaps a more justifiable transaction than the one explained by the young lady. The point is, he has done nothing wrong yet. Nothing provably wrong."
"So why your interest?"
"As I said, it is not a priority for us. On the other hand, we share the young lady's views that something very strange is going on. The payment, for a start. And he was a certified lunatic, and therefore he might still be one. Or it could be some kind of a fraud. Or he could be dangerous. Perhaps violently so. Or it could even be some kind of perverse sexual entrapment, with, given the amount of money on offer to the young lady, some particularly nasty and perilous elements involved."
"I suppose," I said.
"Yes…well. We don't know. We haven't the faintest idea. We simply decided to observe him for a while and see what cropped up. And what cropped up was you, and I was assigned to watch you. Not something I have been taking too much trouble over, as you have succinctly pointed out."
"Hmm…an interesting story, Mr. Delsey," I said.
"Yes it is," he replied. "And since I have spoken to you openly and candidly, Mr. O'Donaghue, perhaps you would be so kind as to return me the favor."
"I have no objection to that, Mr. Delsey. I know nothing at all about your interesting story, whatever the veracity of it may turn out to be. In case you haven't already snuffled around some more in my personal affairs, let me tell you that I am a business consultant. Based in Germany. A legal resident there. I work anywhere in Europe. I am currently working for two U.K. clients, United Fasteners in South Audley Street and Obrix Consultancy Partners just off the Strand. Both are holding companies. And before you decide to start messing around checking my bank accounts, let me tell you that I have received payments from both clients and I continue to do so. I am providing them with my services in return."
"No comments from Mr. Parker about being an alien?"
"No. You couldn't possibly imagine I would have any interest in working for a lunatic claiming to be an alien. Or could you?"
"Not really. Point taken. And what kind of payment or payments have you been receiving from Jeremy Parker. Or, alternatively, from his holding company?"
"That is none of your business, Mr. Delsey. But let me tell you two things. Firstly, the payments I have received are in line with services provided, and relate to work performed both last year and this year, as the invoices show. As regards the Obrix company, I do not invoice them on a monthly basis and there are consequently amounts still outstanding for this year's work. In other words, I will be receiving further payments. Secondly, if you possess the authority to do so, you can check my German tax returns for as far back as you want. All of my income has always been declared and I pay the resulting taxation in full. And on time. Every time. And that includes the quarterly advance payments. O.K.?"
"That is O.K., Mr. O'Donaghue. There is no need to be annoyed. We have no reason to wish to check up on your financial affairs, nor do we have any intention of doing so."
Not for the moment, they didn't. It would no doubt be a troublesome cross-border request which would need to be appropriately justified. It would involve bureaucracy, it would involve work. But he and his boss could of course change their minds on the subject whenever they felt like it.
"Do you," he continued, "have anything at all that might assist me? Have you seen or heard anything unusual? Any peculiarities concerning Mr. Parker himself or his group of companies?"
"No," I said, using my thoughtful tone of voice, the one which denotes considered truthfulness, integrity as pure as the driven snow. Or undriven snow, come to that. "Quite honestly, nothing at all, nothing whatever."
"Well," he said, gazing at me meaningfully, "I am sure you understand our interest in this affair. Something is not right, as I am sure you agree. In our experience, when large amounts of money start floating around for no apparently rational purpose, there is more often than not some kind of criminal activity involved."
"I can understand your interest," I replied, giving him a meaningful look of my own, "but not your interest in me. Your so-called affair is decidedly unusual, but the whole thing may turn out to be an illusion, there may be nothing to it. There may be a good explanation for it, different to the one the young lady has provided you with. Or there may indeed be some hidden criminal machinations underway, which I agree would need to be prevented. But none of this has anything to do with me. I am a normal person, I am working in a normal manner, and as far as my experience on this assignment goes, Jeremy Parker is also a perfectly normal person and a perfectly normal businessman. Even if, as you tell me, he has a history of mental illness in his past."
"I see. Well…in case you do come across something, here is my card. I would be grateful if you would contact me if you notice anything strange, out of the ordinary, anything you think might be of assistance to us."
"Now just a moment, Mr. Delsey, just a moment. It just so happens that I am being followed. By you. And I don't want to be followed. In fact, I do not want to be followed ever again until I kick the bucket. By anybody, unless it's an erotic female, and with all due respect you do not fall into that category. I want the following stopped. Now. And if not, you had better believe me when I say that you and any of your gumshoe colleagues, including your gumshoe boss, will regret it. Not in a way that could put me into prison of course. But don't underestimate me. I am perfectly capable of negatively affecting the personal lives of people like you who, as it happens, have taken a conscious decision to negatively affect mine."
A bluff of course. There are things you can do, starting off in a small way like registering an annual subscription to a pornographic magazine in the name of a happily married man, or you can move on to child pornography. And you can arrange for far worse things than that, far worse. But I am not the type, I can't do things like that, no way. And even for those unprincipled and nauseating types who could, it involves a lot of work—or a lot of money paying somebody else to do it for you.
"I can understand your aggressiveness," he said, "although I do not understand the need for you to express it so unpleasantly. We will do a deal."
"A deal?"
"Yes. We will stop following you. I don't mind telling you that we would probably stop anyway. In return, however, I would be grateful if you would call me if anything irregular comes to your attention. Please take note that we shall, nevertheless, continue to observe Mr. Parker and his activities until the matter has been cleared up one way or the other. As I am sure you agree, this is something which needs to be continued. And it would also be beneficial, Mr. O'Donaghue, if you did not find it necessary to mention this conversation to him. Or to anyone else for that matter."
"O.K.," I said, "it's a deal."
And we shook hands. He even paid for the coffee, which made me feel bad, his salary couldn't be that much. Still, he had a job with plenty of security, a fair compensation in these times of economic disaster, national debt mountains swelling like unstoppable tumors, nothing to do with the pin-striped representatives of the people of course; it must have been somebody else doing all that spending and borrowing. And in any case, maybe he was just going to include the coffee on his next expense claim.
Off he went back towards Piccadilly, taking his moroseness, his pock-marked face and his ignorantly knotted neckwear with him, poor guy.
I didn't feel like chess any more. It was still sunny but it was early evening and it was becoming cool. So I bought an IHT, found a steakhouse and had a sirloin—well done, burnt to death as usual—and French fries. I read about the wars and the bombs and the atrocities and the tennis and the start of the cricket season.
I walked back to the hotel. A new girl was at the desk. Not bad looking, quite elegant with her brown hair done up in a bun at the back; automatic thoughts of course about pulling it loose and proceeding on to other things. Such thoughts are automatic, they are not within our control, nor do I wish them to be. I gave her the friendly smile and the slightly, but only slightly, penetrating look and received a decent smile back.
There were quite a few people in the bar including a couple of possible females chatting to each other. But I wasn't interested in finding out about them. Céline was very much on my mind. I went up to my room and checked my messages. Nothing. And so I got into bed and read a couple of stories from my book, a collection of Stanley Ellin's amazing short stories, and fell into the hands of Somnus, the god of sleep; avoiding, on this occasion, those of his son Morpheus, the god of dreams.

DAY 14
It was cloudy this morning but not raining. I performed the shit, shave and shower routine and sat down on the bed to call Jeremy on his alien phone. Pressed the green button.
"Good morning, Peter." He sounded as if he were in a reasonable mood.
"Good morning, Jeremy. How are you this morning?"
"I'm fine, I'm fine," he said. "And yourself?"
"Not so bad, thanks. I spoke to the guy who has been following me."
"Yes?"
"Yes. His name is Delsey. And he admitted it, he didn't try to evade it. He is a police officer of some sort. He said I was being followed because of you and certain of your non-business activities."
"Interesting, but not a surprise. Something like this was always a possibility. I assume it was the young lady to whom I paid the €100,000 who reported me?"
"Correct. It could have been one of the others, but you are right, it was her."
"Unlikely to have been one of the others, I would say. They would have had the same thoughts as you had, Peter."
"How do you mean?"
"I mean that they would have worked out that I could deny it, that I could prove my identity, that I could prove I was a successful and legal business man, and so on. Unlike the young lady, they wouldn't have been able to show a payment to support their story, circumstantial though that would be in any case. Hence my assumption that it was the young lady."
"Well, and so it was."
"Presumably this Mr. Delsey questioned you? May I ask what position you took?"
"I told him that you and I had a perfectly normal business relationship. I told him I had received payments from your company but that these related to consultancy services provided to your company through the end of last year. And I denied everything else."
"Fine. That's good to hear, Peter. You clearly intend to go ahead and earn your money," he chuckled. "And of course the benefit for me is that I don't have to start searching for a new interview candidate. Will they be continuing to keep you under supervision?"
"No. At least, that is what he said. Of course, he might have lied. They could do it more professionally, use different people and so on, and I probably wouldn't be aware of it. You, on the other hand, will definitely continue to be watched. Logical, if you think about it. You represent a big query in their minds. Fraud, mental illness, something even worse, they just don't know. But obviously, they have good reason to suspect something is afoot."
"Hmm…not a problem. I don't see how they can possibly arrest me. They might eventually want to haul me in for questioning but they have no facts to go on, other than a statement from a young lady and a perplexed denial from myself. And yes, she demanded a large advance payment, which indeed was made. And then she broke our verbal contract, never appeared again. Our lawyers have already commenced preparations to pursue recovery of the sum involved via such legal procedures as are appropriate in these cases."
Jeremy paused for a moment and then added, "And of course, if absolutely necessary, I could utilize what you refer to as my computer-hacking skills and have them apologize profusely and release me. As often as I would need to."
"What," I said, "if they were to cut off your funds and your access to your companies' funds until they get to the bottom of the matter?"
"Oh, I don't think they could do that based on the meager facts available to them. And even if they could, I could apply the computer-hacking to that as well. Alternatively, I could use the other human identity I have created for myself, fully documented of course, and the funds that are already in that identity's name."
He may be mad, I thought to myself, but he has everything worked out, all the eventualities. And, mad or not, there can be no denying that ability of his to influence other people's minds. Advanced hypnosis skills. Maybe.
"We're safe on the phone side, Peter," he continued, "but I think we should meet without their knowledge in future. Somewhere else, a different place each time. Just to avoid any irritating inconveniences to you and, indeed, to myself. We agreed to meet tomorrow. Would 2 p.m. suit you?
"No problem."
"Good. I'll book a meeting room at the Ritz Hotel for the afternoon. In my name, Parker. Better to leave Obrix out of this. Just ask for me. I will ensure they are expecting you."
"And if they follow me without my knowing?"
"Just use some tricks that would shake them off if they happen to be doing it. Climb into a cab to somewhere. Change cabs and go somewhere else. Take a third cab. Whatever. And in any case, perhaps I am exaggerating the consequences if they find out we're meeting. You told them we had a business relationship. An ongoing one. So what could be more normal? It changes nothing. See you then."
"See you then. Goodbye, Jeremy."
I was feeling more relaxed. My chances of earning the €400,000 were still good. A few more interviews, that's all. And I had no qualms about it. Jeremy was definitely a very sick man but no harm would result to him, nor to anybody else. His group of companies would merely have a few hundred thousand less available for dividends, reserves or investments.
I checked my laptop again for messages. Nothing. I checked my phone for messages. Nothing. Either something has happened to her, or I'm not going to hear from her again. This time, the tidal undercurrents were taking me back to somewhere I didn't want to go.
I didn't feel like breakfast, not a very good mood this morning. On top of that I was running a bit late for the first meeting at Clark's. I went down to the car, lit up a cigarette—those things are good at curing despondency as well—and drove off to Slough. Made it in time.
Today's meetings were all different. The first one was a very satisfying one, more than satisfying. I was midway through my initial blurb when the guy in charge interrupted me and said, "How much?" I gave him the lie about the analysis and ended up with the 10% and he didn't blink an eyelid, just said, "We can accept that. We wish to cooperate to the full." You could have blown me over with a feather, a baby sparrow's feather. And then we chatted away for a while about nothing at all and then they left.
"Joe," I said, "we've been overpaying them."
"No, I don't think so, Peter," he said with a smile. "I think they were just instantly hypnotized by your prodigious charm."
The second meeting involved us talking to a lady sales director, a tough one. She wouldn't go beyond 5%. I told Joe to heavily reduce our ordering, similar procedure as for yesterday's goons.
The next meeting was after lunch and dragged itself on into prolonged discussions, each side lying its head off about just about everything. But in the end we ended up with the 8%. These are big percentages, I think Joe was slowly beginning to realize just how much the previous lack of negotiating activity had been costing the company. But it's obvious. Suppliers are not stupid and when they see some of their customers faithfully accepting all and any proposed price increases year after year without a murmur, they are going to be taking the biggest margins they can get.
The last meeting of the day was also a long one. It didn't finish until 6 o'clock. They only wanted to assist with 2%. But this was a bad supplier and Joe was able to wade in with details of quality problems, exaggerating the losses incurred by Clark's as a result, including occasions when some of our finished product had had to be junked as a result. This scared them up to 5%. And then Joe recited some late deliveries he had documented, and exaggerated the production delays caused as a result. But their only reaction to this was to promise to look into the issues and resolve them. So then Joe showed them some of their invoices charging Clark's for quantities ordered and he also showed them the related delivery notes which revealed that lower quantities had been delivered. Which had also resulted in production problems. And then he handed them a list of Clark's credit note claims in this connection, highlighting the ones which had not yet been settled.
They were rattled, no doubt about it. But I don't think they had been authorized to increase the offer they had already made. And so I told them to go away and think about it and let us know the result of their deliberations by next week at the latest. I pointed out that we had been extremely cooperative in the face of all these difficulties, and that now we were asking them for some help and cooperation. For added measure I told them that we would also like some volume rebates. After all, the rebates wouldn't arise unless we purchased predetermined amounts, and that wouldn't hurt their sales volumes at all.
"Well, Joe," I said after they had gone, "we had to get tough on that one."
"Yes," he said. "I noticed your distinct lack of charm this time. But judging by the facial contortions towards the end, I would be happy to bet they'll come back with 8%; perhaps even the 10% we are asking."
"Right enough. But I would guess you are going to have to change suppliers in this case anyway. Even allowing for our exaggerations, the problems they are causing are not acceptable to us. And then there are two overall projects we should really start implementing as soon as possible."
"Yes?"
"Yes," I said. "We need to set up a system whereby your department receives purchased material defect reports on at least a weekly basis. The same goes for delivery issues. And a monthly report detailing incorrect invoices received. And your department becomes responsible for doing something about it all. Regularly. Continuous improvement. We are the customer, we tell our suppliers how things are going to be if they want to continue selling to us. And the second thing we need to do is set up a planned alternative supplier review. Price is not the only factor in determining from whom we buy, and sometimes not even the most important one. But we do need to know where we stand at all times, and price comparisons with alternative suppliers should be part of our regular procedure."
"Great," said Joe, "I like all of that. But I would need to have an additional person to take over some of my day-to-day duties. I wouldn't have the time to properly manage all of this, be involved in negotiations, and still deal with my current job's daily workload."
"Quite right, Joe, and you will get that person, I assure you. The cost will be nothing compared to the benefits. And at the same time, we may be upgrading your department. Your function is important enough. Maybe we'll have you report directly to the top instead of through Ron. But keep your hat on that one, Joe. I would like them to see some results from our current activities first. By the way, how would you feel about handling these supplier meetings yourself from now on? Starting tomorrow?
"No problem, Peter. I'm enjoying it. Of course, I wouldn't necessarily be handling the meetings in your particular charming style, but I think I can be reasonably successful in my own way. It's a tough target you've set, but I've changed my thinking about it somewhat. In other words, I no longer view the target as an unachievable one."
"That's good to hear, Joe. So you'll be managing this from now on. And I wish you luck! As I think you already know, I'll be leaving towards the end of next week. And I won't be in tomorrow. But I will be continuing on a kind of ad hoc basis for another year or two. That means that if you ever need to contact me or would like me to make an appearance, all you have to do is let me know. Email or mobile, it doesn't matter. In the meantime, we'll probably be seeing each other next week."
And so that was that. I went out to the car and smoked a cigarette. A reward cigarette, the purchasing initiative was properly under way. It was about seven o'clock already. I drove back to London and there were no cars following me. None that I could see anyway.
I went up to my room and checked my messages. Hey, a message from Céline! And about time too, I wonder what has been happening. Well, I wasn't due to find that out yet. I opened up the message and it read: Peter, I am very sorry not to have contacted you before. I have some complications in Rouen. I cannot come to London at this time. I will write to you again over the weekend. Céline. P.S. Your poem was great. The pupils loved it.
I am not an idiot. The message was clear. There were no erotic wishes, no mots romantiques, no loving à bientôt, no je t'aime, no je t'adore, just her name. One of life's big waves, no doubt about it, one with an undercurrent you can't fight against. I lay down on the bed and decided to be depressed. A common reaction for many of us when self-interest is knocked hard on the head. And self-interest it was. Céline was a very special girl and there is not much I wouldn't have done—O.K., within justifiable limits—to have been her guy, to see if it could work out. It doesn't happen very often, I mean that you find a girl who takes over your feelings so completely that you would refuse an offer from the Dream, the Crooked Smile and Little Miss Ugly all rolled into one. I mean, that was one hell of an effect that this Céline had had on me.
However, not being an idiot does not eliminate my potential for having idiotic thoughts. She had referred to 'complications'. That was not a very definitive statement. And she could not come to London 'at this time'. Which, while it doesn't have to mean that she will come at some other time, it certainly implies it—otherwise why write it?
My depression lasted for about five minutes. Like all true cynics, you have to learn to deal with the waves, including the big ones, up on the swell and down the other side, wait for the currents to subside, check out what kind of waves are waiting for you up ahead, and treat everything with, as cynics do, a pinch of salt. Reality rules the cynics' world and let us not forget it.
But it didn't stop me feeling sad, nothing to be done about it. I went down to the bar, ordered a single malt, checked the females, automatic pilot. But there were none of any interest. And even if there had been, I wouldn't have been interested.
I didn't feel like eating. I went outside to smoke a cigarette, went back to my room, read Ellin's prodigious 'The Betrayers', and fell asleep.

DAY 15
I got up reasonably late. Overcast again, suited my mood. Had coffee in the breakfast room, still didn't feel like eating. I went for a walk to Park Lane and picked up my IHT on the way and then crossed over into Hyde Park. Lots of people around, plenty of women, dogs in abundance. How do these people earn their living, how come they can just be sauntering around a park mid-morning on a Friday? The conundrums of life on this planet. Well, not necessarily a conundrum regarding the women,. A lot of them live on money provided by a man. Their money could be coming from hubby, sitting on his ass somewhere in an office or squashed immovably into an airplane seat. Or they've got a rich lover. Or they've inherited money from dear old dead under-the-turf Daddy. Or Grandad. Or Auntie whoever. Or they have had a divorce, another way of distilling money from the male brewery. Who can tell? Anyway, such is life on this planet and there they all are.
I walked for a couple of hours, including some IHT reading time sitting against a tree trunk, and headed back towards the hotel. The walk had given me an appetite. So I decided to have an early lunch before going to my meeting with Jeremy. There is an excellent restaurant in Piccadilly, it used to be a bank in the old days, high ceilings and so forth, sits just along from the Ritz. The problem is that you can't get a table there unless you've reserved. Or unless you know the guy in charge, which I did. Not because I am a frequent visitor. On the contrary, I am an extremely infrequent visitor. But he plays chess in the En Passant, or tries to, and he remembers me from there. He also remembers my big tips, an investment I restrict to those few establishments around Europe in which I consider it to be useful to be known. And that doesn't work always either. But I was early enough today and it wasn't a problem he couldn't resolve.
I ordered some fish, not because of the fact that a certain religion—for some unintelligible reason—recommends that you do that on Fridays, on the basis that it enhances your chances of entering the musical profession (you can learn to play the harp, or maybe you don't even have to learn), but because I felt like eating fish and in a restaurant such as this one you know the fish is always good. I ordered a Riesling to go with it and finished off reading about the latest slaughtering and the Giro d'Italia while I ate.
I took a cab to Haymarket and then another one up and around to Marble Arch. I didn't notice anything or anyone. I waited until another available cab came along and hopped into that, back down to the bottom of Park Lane, and then walked along into the Ritz. Five minutes to two.
The Ritz, like all hotels of its class, has fully trained employees, the customer is king, and there is not much they won't do for you providing it is legal. I had the feeling they might even have provided me with a golf cart to get me to Jeremy's conference room, had I so wished. But I didn't need a golf-cart and I was escorted there in the normal manner by a courteous employee who gave me the impression that he might have cleaned my shoes en route had I asked him to. The sensation I get in hotels like these is that I am a fantastic, superior, wonderful person, to be taken care of as only someone of my station and worth in life could possibly merit. The ego boost is worth every penny.
"Nice to see you again, Peter," said Jeremy. "Punctual as usual. Please take a seat, everything is on the table."
"Glad to see you looking happier than the last time we met, Jeremy," I said. "Not a very joyful topic, was it?"
"No, Peter, it wasn't. I performed a significant amount of additional research on your hatred for each other and your killing habits, before completing and transmitting my thesis' draft text on this aspect. It makes for some sickly reading and I'm afraid we will need to have a discussion on that later on. But first, we should go ahead with today's subject if you don't mind. By the way, any problems on your way here?"
"No problems. I'm fairly sure that nobody followed my first two cabs and I'm absolutely certain about the last one." I paused. "Jeremy, today's subject is Social and Organizational Characteristics. This is a vast theme and we could probably sit here for a week or two and still not cover everything. Even if I were knowledgeable enough on everything which, by the way, I am not, not by a long way."
He smiled his warm smile. His round face really did look like the man in the moon, but a friendlier-looking one than the one regularly illuminated for us by our star.
"Peter, same comment as before. Just choose what seem to you to be the most important items, and we'll see how far we can get."
What a way to earn money. No stress in these meetings at all. Apart from the subject matter which is negative all round. But that affects him more than it affects me, I just accept the way things are, have done for as long as I can remember. Even so, there are more pleasant things I could be doing with my time. But feeding his delusions is a small price to pay, no problem. For this kind of money, no problem at all.
"Then I'll start," I said, "by outlining our organization. First of all, through wars and so on, we have divided up our planet into 197 separate countries, give or take a couple and depending on how you define a country. Some countries are huge, the largest one measures 17 million km2. And some are tiny. The smallest one measures all of 3 km2. Not very logical, but you wouldn't expect that from us, would you? And most of them are not even reasonably divided by straight lines. They are just illogical shapes and squiggly frontiers and some frontiers are still changing, and some are being argued about, and new countries tend to sprout on a regular basis."
"How strange," said Jeremy. "Why have you divided up your planet that way? And why are you still arguing and changing things?"
"Basically, Jeremy, because we human beings don't get on with each other. We have never been able to get on with each other. We just can't do it and, for all the religious chanting and pleas to the various deities and the throwing of white doves into the air, annually or otherwise, we never will. It's just the way we are. I think our last meeting made that clear. And we are indeed still changing everything. We continue to chop everything up, we continue to create new countries. We no longer have the Soviet Union, we no longer have Yugoslavia, we have lots of different countries instead, all because of the fact that their inhabitants are incapable of living together in a single country. We need to be separated by frontiers and passports. Somalia has lost its northern territory to something calling itself Somalialand, but this, similar to the something else calling itself Kurdistan, has not been internationally recognized by those who have determined they have the prerogative to do so. Recently, even Sudan split; there is now a country called South Sudan. But they are killing each other in South Sudan now, another battle for power, we'll wait and see what happens. And Ukraine and the Crimea. We'll wait and see what happens there also."
I paused. Jeremy was typing something into his laptop. He was frowning and he didn't look up. I poured myself some coffee and continued.
"The number of countries on the planet may have changed again this morning for all I know. And in my part of the world, the Scots wish to split from the English, the Belgians want to divide themselves into a Flemish-speaking country and a French-speaking country, the Spanish want at least three countries, Spain, Catalonia and a Basque country, and there are stirrings from Andalusia, Galicia and the Asturias as well. Corsica wants to be a brand new country, it doesn't want to continue being part of France. And so on around the globe. It never stops and it never will."
"Fascinating in a nauseous and pathetic kind of way," said Jeremy. "One dominant species, one undivided planet, is all I have ever come across before. I have seen none of the strife, mistrust, aversion, antipathy, aggressiveness or whatever it is that causes your species to separate itself in, if you will forgive me, such a ludicrous and ridiculous fashion."
"Of course I forgive you," I said, "both of your fashion adjectives are entirely appropriate. They are the very words my friend Steve used to describe the split of Czechoslovakia."
"Czechoslovakia?"
"Yes. That was one of the repressed countries forming part of the Soviet-dominated empire. When that empire fell apart, the Czechoslovaks spent the first few minutes celebrating their freedom from the Soviet yoke, and the next few minutes saying 'Ah, but wait a minute, shit, we can't live together, we don't like each other enough, we have to split into two countries and be separated by frontiers and passports'".
"That is the second time you have mentioned 'separated by frontiers and passports', Peter. What exactly do you mean by that?"
"Well…we, that is the human race, have decided that we should not be able to travel around our own planet without authorization from our birdbrains, those weird and wonderful creatures. Authorization by the birdbrains at both ends of the journey, by the way. And in many cases, passports are not enough, we need to go to the trouble of getting a visa as well—and, that of course, is not always granted."
"Do I understand that, not only are you not allowed to live where you want to on your small planet, you are not even allowed to travel around on it unless other members of your species allow you to?"
"Astounding, Jeremy, I know. But yes. That's the way it is."
"Hmm…"
"And while we are on the subject of travel," I continued, "we can't do that without killing ourselves either. There are 380,000 travel deaths per year, planes, trains, ships, road vehicles. That is over 1,000 deaths per day. Every day. Non-stop. And far more injured, far more maimed for life."
"You mean that your intelligence has not yet reached a level…let me put that a different way…you haven't even found out yet how to travel around your own planet without killing yourselves, and what's more, at the rate of over 1,000 per day?"
"That is correct, Jeremy. That is the way it is. We still haven't figured it out."
"But you consider yourselves to be intelligent."
"Yes."
"Then that in turn denotes a colossal amount of arrogance. Which is also the cause of your inability to self-evaluate. Which prevents you from classifying yourselves as stupid."
"Yes."
"Well…please continue."
"Yes, well, as I was saying, we, as a species, cannot tolerate each other—within or without the innumerable boundaries we have created for ourselves. Consequently we use about 100 million human beings as military personnel, soldiers, sailors and airmen. Their job is either to attack and kill other humans, or to defend against other humans trying to attack and kill them, or to represent a threat which enables us to impose our own interests on others, or to defend against others who are threatening to impose their interests on us. Of course, not all of these military forces are successful. But usually, on this planet, the most powerful force wins."
"And those are the sole purposes for creating such forces?"
"Yes, Jeremy, and being the way we are, they are very necessary ones too. But they are not enough. They are used mainly, although not always, to resolve cross-border altercations. Within borders, we need something else—we call them police forces. An additional estimated 15 million human beings are employed worldwide as policemen. Without them, there can be no doubt that the human race would descend into anarchy. What's more, the descent would be immediate. None of the religious leaders recommending peace every year and releasing small white birds into the air would be able to prevent it. Listen to this, Jeremy, even with the police, the situation on this planet is horrendous. In addition to the murders I told you about—don't forget, one murder per minute according to the U.N. statistics—there are 8 million rapes of women each year, including gang rapes. That is nearly 1,000 rapes per hour. And then there are huge numbers of other crimes—simple theft, armed robbery, corruption, kidnapping, child molestation, fraud and a whole host of others, you name it. All over the planet, not confined to any specific region.
"So you need policemen as well."
"Yes, and as I said, we need millions of them to prevent a descent into a terrifying, lawless, barbaric abyss. Unfortunately, however, the military and the police forces are also not sufficient. We need secret police as well: the CIA, the NSA, the KGB as it used to be called, MI5 and all the others. It's just the way we are, we cannot exist in any other form."
"Impossible to classify you as a benevolent species."
"Right."
"And despite this massive deployment of various constraint organizations, you still don't seem to be able to control yourselves adequately."
"Correct. We try, which is why an average of 7% of the human race is constantly behind bars, in prison. The ones we have caught and punished, that is. That means around 500 million human beings."
Jeremy's eyes were pretending to be chapel hat pegs again.
"So there are 500 hundred million of you behind bars at any given point in time," he repeated, looking at me as if he suspected me of intentionally trying to deceive him, or of trying to pull his leg, or of taking the piss, or, if you are German, of trying to pull him over the table.
"There certainly are," I said. "We are the only species on the planet which is mentally sick enough to have to adopt such a system for ourselves."
"What surprises me about you, Peter, is that none of this seems to trouble you. For example, you keep saying 'that's the way things are'. Nothing seems to upset you."
"Well…it doesn't upset me. That doesn't mean to say that I necessarily respect or have a fondness for the human species, of which, of course, I am myself a member. No, I don't like how we treat ourselves and I don't like how we treat our planet. But I can't do anything about it, we are products of nature and evolution. The majority wins. And so I merely observe."
"But doesn't anybody try to do anything about it?"
"Hah, Jeremy, not the first time you have asked that question. The answer is yes indeed, some people do, they always have and they presumably always will. We have rebellions, we have revolutions, we have civil wars, martyrs die, but in the end it doesn't change anything. Let me tell you about a short story I read once. There was a town in the Middle Ages, surrounded by high walls, watch towers at regular intervals, and the populace was more or less imprisoned inside. They were only allowed out under armed supervision to plough the fields and so on. Well, one day they rebelled, they stormed the watch towers, they killed the guards, they tore open the city gates and they ran out into the countryside shouting 'we are free", 'liberty at last', and so on and so forth. And indeed they were. Their leaders and others had died martyrs' deaths but those remaining were as free as flying elephants in a universe without gravity. And after a while, one began to notice that they were forming into groups. And in each group, there was a man standing on an orange box. 'Now that we are free,' said one of them, 'I would like to explain to you how I think we should organize ourselves…'. 'We now have our liberty,' said another, 'and I believe I should propose to you the way in which we should proceed…' And so on and so on throughout all of the groups. And the point of the story? The point of the story was that everything went back to being exactly the same as it had been before."
"The same as it had been before?"
"Yes. Various groups of humans listening to various other humans telling them what should be done, how everything should be organized, who should be in charge, who should have what powers, and so on. It's the only way we know how to operate, Jeremy. The problem of course was that the proposals in each of the groups were different to the proposals in each of the other ones. And so the arguments started up, the human race's favorite hobby. And to resolve that problem, they decided that the best thing to do would be to start voting. The masses should decide for themselves. And the most powerful group, the one with the most votes, would rule. Clearly, the anomaly is that only 10% of the human race is really intelligent, but it's the majority which gets to decide who is going to run things. And whichever party gets into power is the one the 90% have voted for, not the 10%. Or the 51% versus the 49%. The results were therefore a foregone conclusion. "
"Arguing is one of your species' favorite activities?"
"Indeed. We can't agree. And we just can't stop. It's in the nature of the beast. And sometimes we do it with weapons—but we've dealt with that already—and sometimes we do it without. Just listen to the politicians on any given day, in any legislative body in any of the countries anywhere on the planet. Or to the television talk shows. All they are doing is arguing, arguing, arguing. Century after century after century and on into infinity, infinity being an exaggeration, needless to say. All of them trying to force their own views onto everybody else and, while I'm about it, that goes for our religions as well. And, if you will forgive me for repeating myself, Peter, it's just the way we are. As I have said, I merely observe—with a mild and cynical interest and not infrequently with a metaphorically open mouth."
I paused. Jeremy just sat there, trying to take it all in. I decided to continue, to complete the picture for him, give him his money's worth.
"Because of all the arguing, in addition to the soldiers and the police and the secret police we also have to employ vast numbers of human beings as lawyers to resolve our disputes, or to try to."
"Vast numbers of lawyers?"
"Yes. There are about 11 million lawyers worldwide at the last count. Our species couldn't exist without them. There is a firm belief that after a nuclear war, there would only be two surviving life forms—ants and lawyers."
"And, according to my research, cockroaches as well." Jeremy grinned. "Well, at least that is one thing you recognize about yourselves."
"Yes, but at the same time, the lawyers themselves disagree with each other. And so we have to employ a lot of people we call judges.
"You'll be telling me soon that even the judges disagree," said Jeremy with a chuckle.
"Don't chuckle, Jeremy, because the judges do indeed also disagree, and so we have to employ even more human beings to constitute what we call higher courts and appeals courts."
Jeremy might have chuckled before but he didn't chuckle now. He looked despondent again. It was proving extremely difficult for him to absorb and understand this confusion, a mild way to describe the ghastly, chaotic, revolting mess I was describing.
"What a system," he sighed. "What a society. What a species. And please don't tell me again that it's just because it's the way you are."
"Understood, Jeremy, understood. Are you sure you want me to continue?"
"Yes, Peter, if you would please. It's all information that will help me."
"O.K., here goes. Talking about lawyers leads me on to the subject of politics. This is because the pin-striped clowns, to make use of one of my friend's aphorisms again, are the so-called law makers. Needless to say, they make different laws in their different countries. And the job of the lawyers and the judges is to apply these laws, or to try to. And so we have criminal lawyers, divorce lawyers, property lawyers, tax lawyers and a whole list of other kinds of lawyers. They have to be specialized because the lawmakers make thousands and thousands of laws, and in true clown fashion they make them extremely complicated as well. Also in true clown fashion, they continuously discover that they have made a lot of bad and inadequate laws and so untold thousands of these laws are constantly being changed. So you need specialist lawyers to unravel and understand the morass the lawmakers have created and continue to create—no ordinary person could do it."
"I have changed my mind, Peter. I don't think we need to go into detail on this. I think one example would suffice."
"O.K. Then let me briefly mention tax law. Just to remind you, this is the human race we are talking about here, so the laws are different in every country as I have just mentioned. I'll take the USA. Vast documentation is required just to cover the laws on taxation, 70,000 pages to be precise. And because many of these are ridiculous or unfair or both, or simply because some of the elected clowns happen to disagree with the way things are—a permanent state of affairs as I have already explained—huge numbers of changes are constantly being made to these laws. Every year. This requires enormous quantities of administrators, tax lawyers, judges, accountants and economists to administer. In summary: it involves an incredible amount of unproductive and very expensive labor for the sole purpose of administering the terrible morass of stupidity created by the birdbrains whom the birdbrain masses voted into power in the first place."
"The level of intelligence of your species is already clear to me from the way you slaughter yourselves and everything else," said Jeremy. "And this example of socio-economic activity merely confirms it. But hopefully at least your intentions are good. The poor pay less taxes than the rich?"
"I'm afraid not, Jeremy. The laws themselves, assisted by an impossibly intricate swamp of birdbrain-created complications and exceptions, permit many very rich people and many very large corporations to pay lower taxes than the rest of us."
"So…not even that."
"No. Nothing equitable results. And of course, as the clowns can never properly control their own ludicrous inventions, there is a lot of corruption and fraud as well, the human race—begging your pardon Jeremy—being as it is."
"But couldn't you at least start to simplify these laws?"
"No, Jeremy. I'm afraid not. I hate to repeat myself, but you have to try and remember that these are human beings at work here, disagreeing with themselves on just about everything, day and night, you name it. Arguing and arguing their way through the eons of time until they self-destruct or their solar system collapses."
"And this is just one of hundreds of branches of law that you people need in order to exist as an organized society?"
"Yes."
"Then I don't think we need to hear more about your socio-political organizations, Peter. It would probably take days. Months. I think I prefer just to do the additional research myself. But it would be helpful to me if you could just summarize your political organizations for me, provide me with a brief overview."
"Certainly. None of them work of course. As I have already mentioned, democracy doesn't work because the majority of the citizens decides who is going to be given the power, and the small intelligent minority is hopelessly outnumbered. And, of course, we have that same mix in those who are elected. And so they spend most of their time arguing with each other anyway. And in any case, it doesn't much matter who wins an election, because they all promise a kind of Utopia, better schools, full employment, no poverty, no national debt increase and so on and so forth, but they don't keep their promises or what they implement never really works, or it is impossible to finance, and so the arguing continues. And the masses start complaining again, but they shouldn't. They should keep their mouths shut, because they decided who they wanted to run things. And for a cynical observer such as myself, that of course is the big laugh. The masses actually believe they can influence events on their planet, or in their own particular section of the planet, by voting. But—needless to say—sooner or later they become disillusioned and they vote a different person into power the next time around. And with the same results as before of course. Actually, Peter, the masses are not actually allowed to vote for whomever they wish—they are instructed as to whom they may choose from. And finally, this system can be fairly undemocratic. In the world's best known democracy, the USA, a lot of political power has been in the hands of families for decades. The Kennedy family, Bush father, Bush son, Mr. Clinton and Mrs. Clinton. Families! And they call it democracy."
"They call it democracy."
"Yes, and those are the facts, that is what happens. And then we tried communism. Large parts of the planet operated under this system: China, Russia, Soviet Union countries, Eastern Europe, parts of Asia and lesser nations such as Cuba and North Korea. But it didn't work either. It only lasted about seventy years although, to stick to the facts, some vestiges still remain. Cuba and North Korea come to mind. China has abandoned communistic economics but is still being run by a single communist party. Communism operates by power, threat and fear and the masses were imprisoned within their own countries and not allowed to travel except—what else—for the élite and a few of the favored comrades such as outstanding musicians, athletes and sportsmen. But communism involves human beings and therefore was, and what remains of it still is, plagued by corruption—just as in a democracy in fact. And also just as in a democracy, the rich and the powerful live in luxury and the weak and the downtrodden live in poverty."
"Communism. I see."
"Yes. And then we have had dictatorship. We have always had dictatorships, thousands of them. The Caesars, the old European kings, the Napoleans, the Stalins, the Hitlers, the Castros, the Ghadaffis and the Saddam Husseins. You may not know of their deeds , but…"
"It doesn't matter, Peter," said Jeremy. "Everything is recorded and I shall do as I always do, acquaint myself with them as part of my research."
"Good. And we still have dictators today, and bloody rebellions and revolts have been taking place in certain central African countries and others such as Libya, Egypt, Syria, Yemen and so forth. With results similar to that Middle Ages story I told you about."
"Bloody revolutions, ongoing? Surprise, surprise."
"Quite so. Well, dictatorships don't work either because we are incapable as a species of ensuring that a dictator is one of the minority, namely one of the 'intelligent' humans. I use my definition of intelligence here, which is not necessarily the one generally understood by the human masses. The masses might say, 'but what if he is an intelligent dictator but an evil one or a corrupt one?' Failing completely to understand that real intelligence automatically embodies benevolence and incorruptibility, among other things. But as I have said, the 10% minority has no chance on this planet and dictatorship is consequently an unworkable system for us as well."
"So…," said Jeremy, "what political system does work? Or could work?"
"I don't know," I replied. "And I have no opinion I am prepared to offer either."
"But you do have an opinion? If so, I would be very grateful to hear it. The theories and conclusions in my thesis are going to be difficult enough for me to formulate, as it is. Your view would be something for me to consider."
Theories, conclusions, theses, fantasies, far-away planets. It was all becoming a bit wearying. If it weren't for the fact that this sick, deluded guy had a lot of money and I would hopefully soon be receiving some of it, or some more of it I should say, then I think I would have been resigning at just about this point.
"Right you are," I said. "I have a view and here it is. No system can work. You couldn't invent one if you tried. Nothing can ever really work for a species of animal such as ours. There is nothing that is feasible. Certainly, we have a sprinkling of beliefs in a variety of 'gods' and these serve as a kind of preventive anaesthetic. But the only thing that these various sects and religions do is argue among themselves anyway. Just like the rest of us. And so we'll just have to carry on like that until we blow ourselves apart. There is no system, Jeremy. Permanent strife is the only system."
"Hmm…I appreciate your giving me your view, Peter. I do not, at this point, know whether I share that view. But my thesis most definitely needs to end up with an opinion, and the input from you in your dual role as both evaluator and evaluated is of importance to me."
"And now," he continued, "how about a short break? A cigarette break for you, I should imagine." And he smiled his moon-shaped smile, tugged at his short blond hair and added, "and to avoid us sitting here for a few more days, do you think you could select, let us say, just two more important themes on this social and organizational subject please? That should be sufficient for me to complete an overview on which to direct my research in this area."
"No problem," I said. "I'll be back in ten minutes." And I went down to the lobby and out into Piccadilly and I lit up a cigarette and I inhaled deeply. For a guy who doesn't care, who just accepts the status quo and gets on with it in his own way, these meetings were decidedly onerous. But let's face it, it was still an easy way to be earning a lot of money, so I wasn't arguing. I checked the street. I checked the passers-by. Nobody had the slightest interest in me as far as I could tell. I thought about which two remaining subjects I should choose for Jeremy and went back inside. I smoked another cigarette. I visited the luxurious loo and continued on back to the conference room.
* * * * *
There was fresh coffee on the table and some good-looking cakes and I took some of both. Jeremy had been standing looking out of the window and he came back and took his seat at the table again. "Thought about the two subjects?" he asked.
"Yes," I said. "I think gender relations are an important component of our social organization. And economics."
"Sounds logical to me," he said. And he leaned back in his chair and waited for me to start. Which, after finishing a mouthful of cake, I did.
"You are presumably aware of the biological differences between men and women and I will therefore exclude all sex and reproductive activities from my comments. Suffice it to say that in our species men are stronger than women and are therefore dominant in the natural way of things. However, our species never allows nature to remain as it is. We always want to change everything, pervert it if you like. Give us the most beautiful planet in the universe, with wonderful forests and flowers and meadows, and we will not be satisfied with it. It doesn't matter which planet it is. No sir, the first thing we will do is we will start chopping it up and changing it. We will start making 'gardens'. These are 'better' than what nature has provided. We will destroy most of the forests. We will cover vast swathes of the planet with concrete. We will create huge mining operations to dig its guts out. And we will not stop."
"I thought you were going to talk about genders."
"Yes, well…we are not satisfied with nature in that respect either. We are changing that as well. Men and women are not only physically different but also mentally different. Their brains are different and are of a different size as well. Women will automatically lock onto such a statement and accuse one of having used the word 'inferior' instead of 'different'. Of course, it's not worth wasting the time discussing such ludicrous misinterpretations. There are facts and that is the end of it. For example, we will never have a female chess champion of the world. As in physical sports, chess has to be separated into male and female championships. Darts also. Snooker also. There has never been a female Formula I champion—in fact, unless I am not mistaken, not even a female Formula I driver. The reflex speeds and the abilities to judge distances and velocities are different. Possibly also the aggressiveness ratios are different, I don't know."
I drank some more coffee, thought it over.
"I think that the best way to explain the differences to you would be for me to start off by explaining that everything a woman touches and uses in this world, absolutely everything, has been created and manufactured by men. There may be the odd exception but I can't think of any at the moment. In other words, the cutlery at the table, the table itself, the chairs, the bathroom, the bed, the lamps, the food, the coffee machine, the house she lives in, the electricity supply, the water supply, the sewage system, the heating system, the heating oil and the gas supply, the trash cans and the trucks which empty them, her gardening equipment, the bicycle she uses, the car she drives, the roads she drives it on, the trains she rides on, the planes she flies in, the ships and the ferries and the yachts she sails on, the office she sits in if she works, her office pens and pencils, the tennis courts if she plays tennis, the tennis racquets and the tennis balls, the swimming pools if she swims, the exercise machines if she exercises, the sports arenas if she plays sports, the sports equipment itself, the baby carriage if she has a child or children, the children's nappies, the hospital where she had her children, the hospital equipment, her shoes, her hairdryer, her mobile phone, her computer, her television, and so on and so on and so on."
"Everything?" asked Jeremy.
"Yes. And also all of the factories which are needed to manufacture all of these things. And also all of the machines that are needed in the factories to be able to manufacture everything. And also all of the raw materials that are needed as well. Those are the facts."
"There are no exceptions?"
"Maybe, as I have said. But I don't recall anything at the moment. It doesn't matter anyway, you have the general picture. Men are the providers."
"And this is because women prefer not to do any of these things?"
"Yes and also because, as regards most things, they can't. In general, they are not inventors or manufacturers. They are users, consumers. Now, I should make you aware of the fact that you will find a lot of women and maybe even some men who disagree with this. They will say that men prevent the women from doing any of these things. They will say that men won't let the women have any money to do any of these things. Men prevent them from obtaining all the intricate mental skills and drive necessary to invent, say, the airplane, or a rocket to fly to the moon, or a space station. And on top of that, if they did start inventing, men would prevent them from manufacturing their inventions. Men, in these people's views, are to blame for things being the way they are."
"And are the men to blame?"
"Of course not. Women have the same opportunities to attend school and university as men do. It's just that most of them don't want to be engineers or inventors or manufacturers. And a lot of women have a lot of money, huge inheritances, vast divorce payoffs, or they have earned a lot by being an actress or a singer. There are female billionaires. But they don't use their money to build factories and create jobs and they don't do much inventing either. They either don't want to or they can't, it's not that men prevent them from doing so. And not that money is always necessary anyway. Some massive corporations started in a garage on a penny budget."
"So women don't want to accept that they are the way they are?"
"Some do, they don't have a problem with it. But a lot of women don't. So we now have things like female boxing tournaments, if you can believe that, and we have female politicians demanding quotas for highly paid jobs in industry, top positions on supervisory boards and so forth. But you never hear them demanding that women build factories themselves and fill them with female personnel and create their own top jobs. They just want women to be given the icing from the male cake. You will never hear them demanding quotas for female construction workers, for female slaughterhouse workers, for female front-line soldiers, for female coal miners, for female car mechanics, for female truck drivers, for female bomb-disposal experts, for females to invest in factories or—and what could be more logical—for female gynaecologists and female surgeons. And so on. They just want quotas for the nice fat jobs which men have created and which they are unable to create for themselves. In fact in Norway, I think the management or board of every company already has to comply with a 40% female quota. And in Germany, 30% is being introduced. By law. And irrespective of whether there are enough female candidates qualified enough, experienced enough and knowledgeable enough to outperform the male candidates. The quota must be filled."
I stopped. I would finish this off by throwing a summary of Steve's views at him.
"As that friend of mine says," I went on, "if they can't achieve money and power through their own efforts and in their own factories, their only chance is to shame the males into agreeing to a law which hands it all to them on a golden plate. The future is clear, he says. Thanks to the birdbrains, we will end up on this planet with a lot of Queen Bees supervising large masses of worker bees, who will all be male. They will need the worker bees of course, he says, because they can't build houses, schools, hospitals, factories, machinery, trucks and so forth, they can do virtually nothing for themselves."
"If I may say so," interrupted Jeremy, "these opinions of yours make you sound immoderately anti-feminist."
"Now that, Jeremy, is not fair, not fair at all. First of all, I have only been stating facts. Facts about who creates what on this planet, facts about who uses these things without creating them, facts about the demands for quotas, facts about what the quotas are being demanded for—and also what they are not being demanded for—and facts about many women complaining that men prevent them from doing the things that men do. Or achieving the things that men achieve. And even my friend's stated opinion is a fact. That is exactly what he says."
"Hmm…"
"Which is not to say that I don't have opinions and in this case they happen to be the exact opposite of what you are inferring."
"Ah, then I would be grateful to hear those if you don't mind."
"I don't mind at all. Firstly, I don't think we need to dispute the fact that men are the physically dominant inhabitants of our planet. At the same time, women are just as important as men in our society. They are just as intelligent as men, although not necessarily in the same way or in all of the same things. They are also better at many things than men, never forgetting however, that vice versa is equally true. Women are also superior in specific roles such as nursing and caring for other humans, also animals, possibly for biological reasons, I don't know. And so in my view our society has a very well balanced gender mix with some roles being the same or similar, and with those roles which are different complementing each other in a beneficial and harmonious manner. In a natural way. As Nature intended in fact."
"And so your point is…?"
"And so my point is that I totally disagree with that friend of mine who describes women as child-bearing parasites, even if he doesn't mean it as nastily as it sounds. A parasite is something which lives off something or someone else. Women however furnish as many beneficial contributions to our society as do the men, and the male humans depend on the female ones just as much as the other way round. A perfectly balanced situation you might say."
"Well that's something positive at last," said Jeremy. "I was beginning to wonder whether there was anything positive at all about your planet."
"Yes, but unfortunately we mess this up as well. We have a complicated system for the cohabitation of males and females. We call it marriage. A couple signs a legal document promising to live together monogamously and which, among other things, authorizes the state to apply certain laws under certain circumstances, including financial compensation—usually, but not always, by the male to the female—in the event of a separation. The problem here is the naïve assumption that all human beings, particularly the male ones, are monogamous. Some states, in line with their religions, have recognized this anomaly, and their laws permit the male to marry several wives as time goes by, providing he accepts the responsibility for keeping and supporting them all."
"So you have created varying social structures on your planet?"
"Yes, and my view—and it is my view you are after, Jeremy—is that the male human being is not by nature a monogamous creature. Certainly, some men may be born monogamous but these would be the exceptions. Just as homosexuals are exceptions, even the ones that marry women. But whatever…let us forget my views on this and get back to the facts. This complicated marriage system of ours is a disaster. If people want to stay together, they shouldn't need a piece of paper to force them to do so. But with marriage, we have created a system which is unworkable, and we have therefore had to create another system to undo it all—a system for legal separation, which we call divorce. The marriage system simply does not fit the nature of its participants, transparently so. There are over 10 million divorces per year on this planet, each and every year. Non-stop. That is over 27,000 divorces per day. Those are the undeniable facts and they support my assertion."
"Not very intelligent."
"No, but the situation is worse still. If we take the top 20 divorce countries, the divorce rates are between 40% and 68%. In other words, about half of the marriages disintegrate. There are many reasons for this, but the main one is compliance with an activity which is part of nature—sexual adultery. Polygamous activity in other words. However, we also need to look at the other half of the marriages, the ones which don't disintegrate. Of these, half again are horror stories. Some are psychologically horrific, some are physically horrific, and some are horrific in more subtle ways. And if children are involved, they have to participate in these horrific lives as well. Now the reasons these couples remain together when they shouldn't are many. Belief in the power of the legal piece of paper, fear of physical violence, religious beliefs telling them that to end the horror is a sin forbidden by whichever god holds sway in their minds, and with fearful godly consequences in the event of non-compliance (most of our gods are extremely keen on using vengeance as a religious tool). And then there is the fear of financial hardship for one or both of the parties, and there is also plain inertia or resignation, and there are several more reasons as well. In the end, Jeremy, perhaps only 25% of humans benefit from this complicated marriage system. And you know what?"
"What?"
"They are the ones who would benefit without it anyway."
"So the whole thing serves no purpose whatsoever? For anyone?"
"Correct. As you can see, we are a species which is not prepared to leave things as they naturally are. We have to meddle with it all. And going back to the matter of quotas for females, that is just another example of our meddling. We can't leave anything alone, not even, as I described in our first interview, the animals in the wild. They have to be put into zoos and laboratories. Or killed."
"And so to summarize, and as you said at the beginning, not even the gender roles and the relationships can be left alone?"
"Exactly. 'Vive la différence' is what the French say and that is the way I look at it also. And without the restriction to mere matters of sex and sexual function. But no, we can't have that, we have to forcibly meddle."
"Well," said Jeremy, "it's certainly all very interesting and one could probably use a few more adjectives as well. If you agree, perhaps we could leave this subject and finish up with our last one, economics? Of particular interest to me of course, being in business here as I am."
"It's a deal, Jeremy," I said. I poured myself some more coffee, took some more cake, and thought about how to start.
"Could you keep it short please, Peter? I need to get back to the office and deal with some important documents. Perhaps just a couple of items to direct my research?"
"Right you are, Jeremy."
No problem, I too want to get out of here.
"Now let me see…I would think that the dominating themes in economics nowadays would include 'economics based on growth', 'economics based on debt' and perhaps 'social economics'. Given the complexity of the topic, that is a severely restricted agenda, Jeremy."
"That is understood, Peter."
"O.K. Then I think I will start off by saying that the human race has never been able to find an economic system that works. Economics is in fact a false science which only functions in the short-term. It is based on theories which are at first applied and then blown out of the water as soon as new divergent economic situations arise. The existing theories are then modified to adapt to the new events and as new cycles come and go, they too are blown out of the water. This applies to the theories of even the greatest economists—I quote you Keynes, Jeremy, for the purposes of your research—and, you guessed it, these are also argued and argued about whenever they fail to produce the results they are supposed to."
I poured myself the last of the coffee and drank it down, my throat was generating Satchmo sounds.
"If the science were a genuine and authentic one, there would not be the unforeseen financial disasters or the crises which occur time and again as assuredly as the moon circles our planet. These crises occur on a global basis, or on a country by country basis, or even on a regional basis at provincial or county level, despite the fact that most of the world's governments are stacked to the gills with hordes of highly paid economists. If you trawl a couple of thousand years back through history, Jeremy, you will find two things. First, you will find crises throughout. And secondly, you will be able to read hundreds of thousands, probably millions, of economists' theses and articles. Conflicting ones of course, arguing away with each other like starving hyenas fighting over some sort of road-kill. And more and more theses and more and more theories are being created right now as we speak, Jeremy, and will be on into infinity. I beg your pardon again…until our species ceases to exist."
"Yes, you have mentioned several times that conflict is the main trait of your species, and that arguing is the unarmed version of it."
"Yes, well let me get down to the nuts and bolts. Most of our economies are based on what we call growth. Low growth is a troublesome circumstance, zero growth is extremely bad news, and negative growth produces a poisonous crisis involving, among other things, high unemployment and a corresponding rise in poverty. More and more and more and more is what our system is based on. It's like pushing a snowball uphill. It gets bigger and bigger and heavier and heavier but it has to be kept rolling at all costs. And when it does stop, because it eventually has to of course, we have another crisis. The construction industry is an easy example to illustrate for you the folly of this kind of economic system. Construction forms a major part of most of our economies and is the reason why we continue to bury our planet under a massive layer of concrete as fast as we can and, like the snowball, this activity must be maintained—forever. If it stops, or nearly stops, thousands of construction companies and their suppliers go bankrupt, millions of workers become unemployed, and the economic model suffers under the murderous dual effect of heavily reduced taxation income, coupled with an enormous increase in social benefit costs. So the snowball has to be restarted and we have to begin suffocating our beautiful planet with more and more concrete again. This is the only thing the masses and their elected clowns—at national, provincial and municipal level—can envisage. More, for them, means better. They don't understand why more should mean better, but they can't envisage anything else. And so they proceed to do as their predecessors have done and as their successors, with equal certainty, will continue to do."
"And this is a pillar of most of your so-called economic systems."
"Yes."
"Amazing."
"I should also mention inflation in this connection, Jeremy. Inflation is necessary because we are a greedy species by nature, we are always wanting more. As a result, we have recognized that zero inflation is impossible on an ongoing basis. Wages, salaries and the prices of goods may not stay the same (now wouldn't that be stupid?). They must in fact increase because deflation would be even worse than the 'zero' scenario. Nevertheless, we do recognize that too much inflation is bad, it leads to uncontrollable chaos. If you research the horrors of the hyperinflation in Germany's Weimar Republic in the early part of the last century (prices would double in a matter of hours and a loaf of bread, for example, eventually ended up costing 200 billion marks), you will understand what can happen. And so most countries introduce inflation limit targets for themselves. Needless to say, the politicians are frequently unable to control or manage what they create and the targets are often not met, what's new?"
"So it doesn't work of course."
"Only for certain periods of time and usually only by luck. The way the United States is going today, printing—just as in the Weimar Republic—more and more currency, is a guarantee of what is going to happen. The dollar is now a worthless piece of paper. The only question is how long it will take before the international masses—and their international birdbrains—recognize this. But more important than all of this is the subject of debt."
"Ah yes, economics based on debt, you said."
"Yes. Most of the world's developed states have an economic system which can only survive if they borrow money, more and more each year. Another type of snowball being pushed uphill. The birdbrains in charge wish to finance the things the voting masses would like to have but for which insufficient tax income is available. And so they borrow the money to do it and, since they themselves have no personal liability for these debts, they borrow more and more and more until they have created a situation whereby the amount is such that it can never, ever, be paid back. Irresponsible idiots, according to the powerless minority, a charge which the majority and—do I need to say it?—the birdbrains themselves reject."
Jeremy stood up, stretched, and began to pace slowly around the table. He wanted to get back to his office, but he wanted to hear a little more about our so-called economic systems.
"They blame the world markets," I said, "they blame the banks, they blame everybody and everything except those responsible, namely themselves. And so what do they do? They borrow even more money to pay off the old debts as they become due, as well as the additional new amounts they need each year to enable them to continue with their totally mad system. They keep muttering the word 'growth'. Growth and more debt to be able to achieve it is the only way out, they keep saying. At the same time, their puerile verbal inanities continue and they add more and more unbelievable promises to the historic political dunghill. 'We will stop increasing our country's debt by the year 2020' or whatever. Laughable, not even their aunts believe them. But the masses do, and they vote for them. And if somebody were to stand up today and say, 'I will stop this lunacy tomorrow morning; we will only spend what we earn', you can believe me that he or she would hardly receive a single vote. Because the intelligence ratios of the masses are the same as those of the clowns they vote for."
"So they think that the cause of the problem is colossal debt which can never be repaid. And they think that the 'solution' to this problem is to create even more debt and, I imagine, at unprecedented levels into the bargain?"
Jeremy's forehead was more than furrowed and his eyebrows were raised high above his chapel hat pegs.
"So it is Jeremy. Obviously, at some point in time this snowball also grinds to a halt. The most bankrupt countries in the world at the moment include Japan, the USA, Italy, France, Germany, Great Britain and a host of smaller economies such as Greece, Spain, Ireland, Portugal and so on. And, I don't know whether you can believe this, but some of the bigger bankrupt countries are even giving away more billions they don't have—they only have debts—to some of the smaller bankrupt ones. And all of them will soon go feet up, no need to think about it."
"What do you mean by soon?" asked Jeremy.
"Oh, I can't tell. Don't know. That depends at the moment on countries like China. I say at the moment because, under this system, China will go down the same road in a few decades' time. Countries are like companies, they have customers who buy their goods. And when a customer has no money left and he can't continue buying from you, you have a choice. You can stop selling to him, in which case you lose money and you create unemployment for yourself, or you can lend him more and more money so that he can continue. In the latter case, and ridiculous though it may seem, you are, unless your customer is going to repay you one day, buying from yourself. Now up until now it has suited China to assume that major customers like the USA will repay their loans, and it has therefore continued to lend them more money, for example by the massive purchasing of US Treasury Bonds. But when China determines that its potential losses are bigger than its benefits, either because their hard-earned money is disappearing down into a black hole, lost forever, or because the dollar is about to devalue heavily, in which case the value of their loans will disintegrate, they will stop. How soon this will happen, and some economists still maintain that it won't, nobody knows. But it gives China tremendous power, economically, politically and consequently—very important on this planet—militarily. We in the industrial countries are placing ourselves in their hands and have only ourselves to blame."
"I see," said Jeremy, "or at least I think I do. No wonder your system doesn't work."
"Right. It works only as long as people keep lending money to those who want to borrow it in order to spend it on what they can't afford. But eventually it goes belly up. It has to. Another crisis. And all of this is aggravated by the fact that the borrowers have to continue finding even more money to make ever-increasing interest payments on their ever-increasing debt. Some economists have now begun to admit that the Euro crisis arose because the birdbrain liars have committed massive crimes by breaking their own EU economic contracts and by ignoring their EU constitutional laws. They say that, thanks to those imbeciles, the whole Euro system is doomed. At the same time, it being the human race, a large number of economists continue to maintain that the whole thing is not doomed. They say it is a great and wonderful system."
"You just described the politicians as liars. Now that is definitely an opinion as opposed to a fact."
"No, Jeremy, it is not an opinion. It is a fact. A fully substantiated and provable fact. Certainly, it is a generalization in the sense that a minority must be excluded. But in general, if they didn't lie, they wouldn't keep their jobs. Or even be voted into them in the first place. It is an integral part of their profession. Someone should collate the evidence into a book. The title could be 'The Top One Million Lies in Political History'. It would make for an interesting read."
"Well, please do me a favour, Peter. I find this interesting. Just give me one example; a current one, up-to-date. But just one, please."
"Nothing could be easier, Jeremy. We have a whole cornucopia to choose from. How about this one? The birdbrains in various countries have recently been telling their electoral masses that they are SAVING MONEY. Check it out, it's been in all of the headlines. This is a lie. In spite of the national bankruptcy situations they themselves have already created, they continue to pile more and more debt every year onto the shoulders of said masses. Any intelligent person knows that saving money means taking money you have and, instead of spending it, putting it away for a rainy day. The birdbrains, on the other hand, are taking money they don't have—they only have debts—and are increasing their debts still further. Their countries' debts, you understand. But they maintain that, because they now intend borrowing only ridiculously large amounts instead of crazily large amounts, they are SAVING MONEY. These are professionals, Jeremy. They know that if they lie about something, and do it often enough, the masses will believe them. And, hopefully, they will vote for them next time around. And the masses are stupid enough—the 10% of them who are intelligent carry no weight—to do exactly that."
"Mad," said Jeremy quietly.
"Quite," I said. "And how about the European birdbrains' latest trick? As from the fourth quarter of this year, all European countries can include prostitution income as 'income from services' in their official GDP data. Fraud, black market labor and illegal business proceeds can also be included, under the description 'productive revenues'. And drug purchases can be estimated and included under the heading 'individual consumption turnover'. I mean, how pathetic can you get? The debt remains the same. But to 90% of the masses, the debt will appear to be slightly lower—as a percentage of GDP."
"Mad," said Jeremy. That single word summed it up for him. No raised voice and no additional words necessary. I had nothing to add either.
"I really have to leave soon," he continued. "You still have the subject of what you call 'social economics', I believe?"
A waitress came in with fresh coffee. I glanced at Jeremy. Had he been sending messages or was this just the normal service? He caught my glance, raised his eyebrows and gave me an enigmatic smile. Who knows? I filled up, I would really like another smoke, no doubt about it, but we're nearly finished now.
"Yes, that's what I call it. Most developed countries have a system whereby a lot of people have to work and pay higher taxes to support those who don't work—that is, those who can't, and/or those who don't want to. Now, before I start, Jeremy, I would like to make it clear that a system which pays a minimum amount to permit people who want to work and who are healthy enough to do so, to support themselves and their families until they eventually find work, is a fine, admirable and necessary system. But this is how it goes, and I will take my country of residence as an example."
"Germany? Go ahead," said Jeremy.
"In Germany, if you are out of work and have only a small amount of savings, you are classified as being poor. The elected clowns have made laws whereby the working population has to provide everybody else who is poor and out of work with an apartment, a washing machine, a dryer, a television, a telephone, furniture, clothes (new clothes), electricity, heating, food, transport, free health care and—believe me, Jeremy—alcohol and tobacco. All of these items are included in the official German calculations as to how much the poor must receive. It is the modern clown definition of poverty."
"This is poverty in Germany," said Jeremy. "I see."
"Yes, but there is more. You are poor but you want to have ten children? No problem. You can have as many as you want. And irrespective of whether you are German or not, we will get the working taxpayers, including those who have decided they can't afford to have ten children, to pay you more money for each and every one of them, you don't have to finance a thing. So….go ahead! And…we'll get the taxpayers to pay for an even bigger apartment for you to house them all in. And even if one or more of your children get married, you will still receive a monthly child allowance for them until they're 25. And if you are a foreigner, but your children are still living with their grandparents back in your home country, the nice German taxpayers will pay you the same amount of money each month as they would if your children were living in Germany. An awful lot of nationalities have learned how to benefit from this wondrous German law, the leaders at the moment being the Poles. The Germans are currently paying for over 41,000 Polish children living in Poland."
"That does sound incredible. But what happens if the working taxpayers want to stop paying for all of these other people? Or at least want to pay them less?"
"They have no choice Jeremy. The birdbrains have the power. Their laws have caused this; we call it social security tourism, or poverty tourism. The most recent influx is from Romania and Bulgaria. An estimated 180,000 per year are pouring into Germany, where the nice taxpayers provide them with a luxury life compared to what they would receive from their own governments. Whole villages hire buses and turn up, legally, in Germany where housing and everything else has to be provided for them. Attempts are made to find jobs for them, but many can't work for reasons such as they can't even speak the language. As a matter of fact, many are illiterate, or close to it, in their own language. And as for the remainder, many learn quickly how easy it is to have yourself officially classified as ill."
"But surely the German people can refuse to pay for this unlimited social security tourism?"
"They can't refuse, Jeremy. As some of the birdbrains themselves say, we need the masses in order to get elected, but not in order to rule and make the laws. And, Jeremy, the right to live in Germany means that thousands of young girls, illiterate or not, have become prostitutes and more are still arriving there by the busload as we speak (prostitution is legal in Germany and they now have the legal right to work there). And maybe plenty of not so young ones as well."
"Fascinating," said Jeremy. His tone was flat; not unfriendly flat, just slightly disinterested flat.
"Yes. And then there is the question of illegal immigration as well. The birdbrains flap around like headless chickens, praising the European border control system they have implemented, denying that they themselves have any responsibility for the mess that they have created (what's new?), and affirming that in any case they wouldn't know how to stop it. On the contrary, illegal immigration into Germany increased by 25% last year. But this was not their fault, of course. Someone else is to blame. Or maybe nobody."
"Awesome." Jeremy fiddled with his coffee cup, no emotion that I could note.
"Anyway," I continued, "back to overall social security recipients, irrespective of nationality. It is factually true that a larger percentage of these are obese than is the case with the workers who are paying for them; many of them just sit and watch television all day or spend their time drinking in a pub. You can find plenty of them there at any hour of the day or night, and in any city or in any town. It is legal for them to do that. That is a fact. And there are a lot more facts, some of which you might find difficult to believe. For example, the working taxpayers in Germany—thanks to the birdbrains again—give interest-free loans to these out-of-work people. Last year, the amount was €65 million. Naturally, a lot of these loans are not loans at all. They are never repaid. They are a gift."
"And that is a fact, is it? €65 million? Interest-free?"
"According to the official statistics of the German Employment Ministry, Jeremy."
I swilled some of the fresh coffee down my throat, which had now reached the stage of being able to provide, if required, a perfect rendition of Rod Stewart singing Waltzing Matilda. Or Rod Stewart singing anything, come to that. It's just that the legendary Waltzing Matilda sticks in my mind because of its peculiarities—it being, as you probably know, a romantic Scottish tune with Australian lyrics which have nothing to do with dancing or with a young lady by the name of Matilda or any other name.
"But for many things they don't need a loan, Jeremy. In selected provinces in Germany last year, the unemployed who were looking for or starting a new job received free gifts of money for haircuts and new suits or overalls. And if the job is not close to where they live, the taxpayers finance the purchase of a car for them and will also pay for car repairs up to an amount of €2,000 annually. And if they can't drive, the taxpayers will also contribute to the cost of driving lessons and other costs involved in obtaining a driver's license."
"But surely some of the taxpayers can't even afford a car themselves?"
"True, but they have no say in the matter. Their tax payments contribute to this the same as anybody else's, the birdbrains make no exceptions."
Jeremy had adopted a slightly glazed look. "Fascinating and farcical," he said.
"Farcical? There is no end to it Jeremy. How about this? An unemployed German married an Indonesian woman and they had a child. They lived off unemployment money and social benefits for several years, and then the woman left him and returned to Indonesia, taking her son with her. This year, still unemployed despite being healthy, he decided that he wanted taxpayers' money to visit his son, now ten years old, in Indonesia for a few weeks. Something they had already done for him the year before. Not a bad holiday methodology. But this time the money was refused. And so he took the authorities to court. And he won!
Jeremy was tugging on his shirt cuffs, twiddling his cufflinks, adjusting his tie. Nervous. "Mad," he said, not for the first time.
"Indeed," I said. "But for something really farcical, listen to this. Last year in Dortmund, the birdbrains, and/or their lackeys, were offering unemployed persons cash gifts of up to €280 per month for three months if they would do them the favor of taking the jobs that had been found for them. Even though they are required by law to accept the jobs."
"Even though they are required by law to accept the jobs," said Jeremy slowly.
"Exactly. In fact I am now waiting for the birdbrains to introduce a system whereby murderers will receive taxpayers' money in order not to commit murder, even though they are required by law not to do it."
"I must admit there are things which deserve your kind of cynicism, Peter. Particularly since all of these weird practices are presumably continuing."
"Well, not comprehensively, Jeremy. What I've described is all factual, but some of the practices have been subject to certain conditions, some are restricted to certain cities or provinces, and some have been stopped because even the applicable birdbrains recognized their own pathetic policy errors, or someone else did it for them."
"But perhaps you have only mentioned exceptions to the rule, Peter. Perhaps you are exaggerating."
"Oh no, Jeremy. There are hundreds of thousands of cases. I have only provided you with a few illustrations. And because the system," I continued, "is incompetence personified and full of holes—like most politicians' systems, as I have previously mentioned—there is massive fraud."
"Massive fraud? That is your opinion?"
"No, Jeremy, that is not my opinion, neither mine nor anybody else's. The fraud is a fact, and so is the adjective. There are an average 200,000 convictions each year in Germany for total or partial social security fraud. But these are only the people who are caught. Nobody knows how many people are committing fraud; several estimates put it at well above 1 million. I even know some personally. Many of these people also earn extra money by working illegally without paying taxes or social security contributions while continuing to receive their assistance money—also tax-free—from the tax-paying population. They contribute nothing to society. There are many interesting cases. Recently, Hans-Jürgen L. from Düsseldorf was convicted of drawing benefits for many years although he had nearly €500,000 in a bank account in Liechtenstein. A Turkish guy owned three launderettes, all in his son's name. Another Turkish guy had built himself a luxury villa back in Turkey. A local guy from Hamburg received €35,000 over three years although he was the owner of a profitable whorehouse, and drove a brand new Jaguar to boot. An Islamic priest, by the name of Ibrahim Abou-Nagie, who doesn't work but has the time to preach death and hellfire to all Christians and Jews, prefers to live in a house rather than an apartment and is also supported by the nice German taxpayers. His children as well of course. The list is a very long one."
"Well, I prefer not to hear all the examples, Peter, thank you. Let us just say that all of this must cost a lot of money."
"It does indeed. Even the costs of the controls to try and catch some of the swindlers are immense. But no matter how much the taxpayers pay, it will never be enough. The birdbrains' imperfect and defective system just cannot be financed. This is not a problem for these pinstripes of course, they just borrow more money in the name of the people to pay for their ghastly incompetence. And…they keep inventing new ways to spend even more. For example, men who have become fathers and who want to play mother can now absent themselves from their jobs for several months and receive money from the other taxpayers for doing so. But, as I have said before, like all of the schemes these incompetents create, it is full of holes. Firstly, this father money is also paid to well-off men who don't need it. And secondly, many men use it to enjoy a prolonged holiday from work at the other taxpayers' expense."
"But perhaps Germany can afford all of this?"
"Jeremy, last year, Germany's debt passed the €2 trillion mark and they are still taking on additional new debt each year. To provide a simple guide, Germany's debt will today have increased by another €140 million. Yes, today, while we are talking. This is what happens when incapable people are allowed to design systems, make them law, and borrow increasingly vaster amounts of money to finance them at no risk at all to themselves personally. These ghastly people are not, as a practical matter, held responsible for any of their actions."
"But if there is not enough income to finance things, are you sure there is no way at least to reduce the expense?"
"There are many ways to reduce the expense, Jeremy, and without harming anyone. For a start, if you were to require all of the unemployed to appear at 07.00 a.m. every workday and stay there until informed as to whether a job or any kind of work were available—otherwise payments would be stopped—you would probably save billions because a sizeable percentage would simply not appear. Or not for very long."
"O.K., but Germany is one thing. Is this widespread among all countries which run a socialist system? What about here in the U.K.?"
"Same thing, Jeremy. The U.K. system cannot be financed either, but the U.K. birdbrains don't understand that. And so they make the U.K. borrow and borrow again. The U.K. debt is worse than Germany's as a percentage of GDP—a total of over €1.7 trillion. The interest on this is around €48 billion per year and they continue having to borrow more at the rate of over €2 billion per week. Their debt is now 100% of GDP, despite their birdbrains' useless National Investment Rules which allow a maximum of only 40% of GDP. Another example of what generations of birdbrains can achieve. And if the U.K. had not had the same luck as the Arabs, by which I mean finding oil (in the North Sea) and imposing vast taxes on it, it would have become bankrupt long, long ago."
"But hasn't the U.K. saved any of that oil tax income?"
"Saved? Oh no, Jeremy. The U.K. has spent it all trying to support the various social systems. If you would like to see some of the results of this, I am told there is a good television series called 'Benefits Street' which would give you an idea of how the money is spent and what types of people receive it. No, the money has gone and continues to go and, as I have just mentioned, they therefore have to continue to borrow. Norway, on the other hand, created a special national fund into which it channeled and continues to channel a major share of its North Sea oil revenues. This fund now totals hundreds of billions of Euros and continues to increase."
"Peter, I have to say that that is enough. It is difficult to comprehend why you structure your society in what appears to be not only an impossibly complicated manner, but also a disastrous and unworkable one. I believe it is simply due to that same lack of intelligence which explains your constant warring and other murderous activities. But the broad outline you have provided me with is adequate and I shall, as always, fill it in with the details I require. Now…there was something I wanted to discuss with you but I don't have the time for that today. It is, however, important. Do you think we could get together tomorrow morning again, let's say for about an hour, perhaps less?"
Hell, why not? At least it sounds as if I'll be doing the listening for once instead of the talking.
"O.K., so how about 11 a.m., Jeremy?"
That was fine by him and he said let's meet here again. In the lobby, no need for a conference room. And we said our usual courteous goodbyes and I was out through the lobby and lighting up my cigarette almost before it was legal to do so. Piccadilly was full of people walking along in TGIF mode, two days of life coming up in their beehives before having to return to their office prisons.
In a couple of minutes I was back at my hotel. There was an unattractive girl at reception whom I had seen a few times before. Unattractive and fat. Polite but not friendly; categorized by me as one of those who treat sex as a duty, hopefully to be performed as rarely as possible, maybe whenever Christmas Day falls on a Sunday and then only with a man who is as fat as she is. And maybe I'm wrong, who knows, but all she gets from me is a civil 'good evening' and not a word more.
I was tired, I was not in a good mood, I was not enjoying the Jeremy meetings. No message from Céline but no panic, she had said the weekend. I ordered a room service meal. I wondered what Jeremy wanted to talk about tomorrow. No idea. Shower, another of Ellin's brilliant creations, The Cat's-Paw', sleep.

DAY 16
I awoke to another good mood, looked out of the window. Sunny weather! Not a cloud to be seen. Had a leisurely breakfast, lots of good Lavazza, and flipped through the hotel's Financial Times.
The markets were slightly up again this week for reasons unbeknown to man nor beast, and I have lost another €12,000. Not a problem. My bear certificate is a leveraged one and I gain or lose double on whatever the market movement is in reverse. It is quite clear to me what is coming. I will earn good money while the optimists lose theirs, I just don't know exactly when. This week, next week, next month, a few months down the road? No way to judge the timing, I am just leaning back and waiting until the institutional optimists are forced by events to lose their optimism and start selling. My other investments are doing well, mainly defensive stocks paying sizeable dividends year on year, the dividends being a partial buffer against any downward price trends. Not that I am ever caught by the full effect of any downward trend, I upgrade all of my automatic sell orders on a regular basis.
So all was well with the world as I took off for the Ritz, except of course for Céline. I was definitely worried about her. What kind of complications had she been referring to? Could be anything, impossible to guess.
I made a detour into Green Park. There were plenty of people about, a sunny Saturday morning, and I headed straight across to the other side. Stopped, turned around and checked everyone coming in my direction. Nobody appeared to have any interest in me, nor did anyone seem to be the sleuth type, not that that necessarily meant anything of course. I lit a cigarette and stood around smoking it, then walked back fast in the direction of my hotel. I entered the lobby and looked out through the glass entrance doors. There was nobody approaching, nobody standing around doing nothing and nobody standing around doing something either.
And so out I went again and strolled the short walk up to the Ritz, arriving at a couple of minutes before eleven. The lobby of the Ritz was full of people drinking coffee, maybe tea, talking, reading newspapers, waiting for other people, maybe just killing off some of their leisure time.
Time, for each and every one of us, is a strictly limited commodity, like oil. And, like oil, we waste a lot of it.
Jeremy was standing by the reception desk. I was wearing chinos and a sports jacket, the lightweight one, but no casual clothes for him. A dark brown suit, a white shirt, and a dark green tie with a pattern of small yellow dots. Actually, as I approached him, I saw that the dots were tiny yellow elephants, making his concession to the weekend after all. Flying ones would have been better, if you ask me, in view of his mental state.
"Peter, good morning," he said with a smile, albeit a somewhat hesitant one it seemed to me, not his usual cheery beam. "There are too many people around for what we have to discuss and so I have arranged for a small meeting room after all."
"Just for an hour? They do that?"
"No, they don't. But as you know, money is not an issue for me." Another smile, a pleasant enough one but not full of the joys of life either. I wondered what was on his mind this morning.
"It's this way, Peter."
The room was not that small, except perhaps in Ritz terminology, and was furnished simply but with taste, expensive Ritz taste. Coffee and biscuits were already there and we sat down in what had become our standard positions, a corner of the table and a spare seat separating us. Jeremy poured us both coffee and I grabbed a couple of biscuits.
"Peter," he began, "we have an unfortunate complication. A serious one, a very serious one in fact. But first I need to clear the air, so let me say that I am aware of the fact that a man of your intelligence does not believe I am an alien, with or without certain 'hacker' powers. You also no longer believe I am a fraudster, among other things because you have already received a substantial sum of money from me. You therefore believe that I am insane. You probably believe me to be the original Jeremy Parker who was able in some way to obtain his release from his mental institution. Am I right?"
You bet he was right. But no way was I going to say anything that might disturb this lucrative arrangement. Keep it going was my motto.
"Well…" I said, trying to think of how best to lie, how not to answer the question while still appearing to do so. The training an elected clown receives would have been of assistance to me.
"Well…" I said again, "I do indeed believe in the possibility of aliens. The sheer weight of probability mathematics, given the vast numbers of solar systems, billions of them, means that other life forms……"
"Yes," interrupted Jeremy, "but do you believe that an alien could visit your planet? Do you believe that an alien has already visited your planet? Do you believe that I am an alien?"
"Well…" I started off again.
"Peter, if you had to make a statement regarding my person right now, at this very moment, would you opt for the version that I am suffering from weird delusions resulting from a not unknown form of mental aberration?"
He was not going to give me a way out, obviously. My neurons spent a couple of rapid seconds considering this answer and that answer and comparing them with even more potential answers, and then they reached a conclusion.
"Yes," I murmured. Embarrassing, but there you go. I waited for his reaction.
"Good," he replied. "So now I can explain to you what has happened without you taking it seriously or getting upset in any way…
"Depends what it is," I said.
"Well, Peter, as you know, after each of our meetings I conduct a considerable amount of research, I sift through enormous swathes of information which are available to the public, including on your Internet, and I do this at a speed which you could not begin to envisage. No, our brains cannot go faster than yours, but they can be trained for…what would you call it…speed-reading? Very fast speed-reading. In fact, a few of your humans can do that already. They appear on Quiz Shows and I.Q. contests. But anyway, I delve far more deeply into the themes you have talked about during our meetings, I check out your statistics for accuracy, and then I finalize a 'working paper' which I transmit to my professor."
"Yes, so I had understood."
"Now…after my first working paper, the one on your interaction with the other species on your planet, my professor was to a certain extent disturbed. He found the subject matter to be especially brutal and repugnant. But that was it. Not everything we learn about lower intelligence life forms—begging your pardon Peter—is necessarily pleasant. And extreme though the activities were on this occasion, he merely gave me his academic comments and stored the information in my thesis file."
Jeremy paused, looked me directly in the eye, leaned forward with his elbows on the table and continued. "My second working paper, on the subject of how you guys interact with each other, caused him considerable concern and alarm. His immediate evaluation was that your species is clearly not only a non-benevolent one, but an actively destructive and dangerous one. In such a case he is obliged to inform the Governing Committee, which he did. I was truthfully unaware of such a regulation until he informed me of the step he had taken. And now your species has been classified as 'hazardous', one of very few life forms ever to have been placed in this category."
Oh my, oh my. Or oh my God, if you prefer that expression, and as usual please feel free to choose whichever one you prefer. This guy had to be the ruling monarch of all lunatic fantasy worlds, a medical delight. Just how many intricate details can a deluded guy manufacture into his delusions? But hey, I was still after the big payment, or the possibility of it, so let me play it straight, even if he knows I think he is a maniac. Nothing to be gained by being disrespectful.
"Hazardous?" I asked. "How can we be hazardous, Jeremy? To whom? We can't even travel around our own solar system, let alone go anywhere else."
"Ah, and there you have hit the nail on the head, Peter," he replied. "A hazardous life form is one which is not only a cruel and murderous one within its own habitat, but one which is potentially dangerous to the universe. In other words, a species which is likely, eventually, to discover and understand the workings of the fifth dimension. Likely, in other words, to be able to spread itself out into the universe. Likely, at the same time, to spread its homicidal and barbarous activities among other species. And unintelligent, with all due respect again Peter, though you may be, you are quite clever in the relatively insignificant field of technological matters. Slow, but clever. My people estimate that within the next one hundred years, using your planet's time scale, you will have acquired reasonable knowledge of what the fifth dimension is and how it functions. That would make you seriously dangerous, a hazard to the harmonious and benevolent existence of all of the universe's intelligent species. And that we cannot allow."
"Would? Cannot allow? What happened to the first life form you identified as hazardous?"
"We eliminated it. A cancerous growth needs to be prevented from spreading."
"I thought you said you were a benevolent lot. How can you go around eliminating things? Species, for goodness' sake:"
"We are back to the ants in your garden, Peter. If you are an animal and insect lover, you probably wouldn't want, nor see any need, to harm them. But if they invaded your house, and if they were a variety of killer ant, and if they were multiplying and beginning to disrupt the harmony in your life, you would probably take steps to eliminate them. As you would with some aggressive wasps which had built a nest by your front door. Their lives are not, after all, of great importance to you in the overall scheme of things."
"Yes, but…"
"And my analogous example is, in fact, an understatement. You already have chemical factories around the world manufacturing toxic sprays for the mass slaughter of ants and wasps and slugs and other insects which bother you in minor ways. Such as daring to walk across your terrace, for example. And what we are talking about here is slightly more important than that, if you will allow me the understatement."
"So we are as unimportant to you as the ants and wasps are to us?"
"Correct, Peter. And you would normally be of no interest to us other than for study purposes. But the facts of the situation have now changed this."
"You don't mean that you are going to eliminate us? Is that what you want me to believe?" I asked. A distinctly crazy question, no doubt about it, but then I was conversing with a distinctly crazy person, no doubt about that either.
Jeremy chuckled, not particularly humorously, but he chuckled. "No, Peter. As I have already mentioned, I know you don't believe anything at all about me, although you should. But no, no decision has been taken yet to eliminate you. The problem for you however, is that it might be. And in the meantime, I think we should try to prevent such a decision, or at least try to have it delayed. But we would need to work very fast."
"Why do you say 'we'? And why would you want to prevent such a decision? I thought you said we were as unimportant to you as ants."
"Yes, I did say that and yes, you are. As for wanting to allay such a terminal decision, let me say again that I am a benevolent being and would not enjoy seeing the unnecessary elimination of a species before its time. Any more than you would want to start killing ants when you get back home just for the fun of it, if they are neither bothering you nor interfering with your life. At least I hope you wouldn't, although, as you have already explained, many of your fellow beings do in fact kill just for the enjoyment of it, sport I think you called it. And I say 'we', because you are the only person I know who could possibly help me in this attempt."
"Yes, but as you said—and I mean this respectfully—I don't believe a single word of any of this and therefore I am not about to involve myself in whatever it is you have in mind."
"Your answer was of course foreseen," said Jeremy. "And so we come down to money again, an incentive of an amount which will surely be of interest to you."
He wasn't wrong there. Even more money! The ocean waves I am swimming on right now are gentle and beautiful ones indeed, carrying me tenderly toward an exotic island full of coconut trees and half-naked girls (half-naked being preferable to naked, thus retaining the pleasurable anticipation of being involved in making one or more of them naked of later on). However, Jeremy was not going to make me a billionaire (even of the American type). So how much should I insist on? And what would I have to do for it?
"How much?" I asked.
"I was thinking of an additional €200,000," said Jeremy.
"For doing what? I mean, if we are classified as 'hazardous' already, there's not much we can do about that, is there?" I am playing the game I am, right through to the money landing in my bank account. Hopefully.
"'Not much' is an accurate statement," said Jeremy. "In fact, there is only one thing we can do, or attempt to do. And that is to try and have you change yourselves, who you are and what you are and what you do, your whole behavior. To try and have you convert yourselves into benevolent life forms, living peacefully and in harmony among yourselves and with the other species on your planet and consequently, when you have learned how to travel, with the other life forms in the universe also. A pretty simple and intelligent goal, you might say. An obvious and highly beneficial objective. For an intelligent species, that is. But with you guys, at your level of intelligence, it is going to be a complicated and difficult task, to put it mildly. And that is why I am using the word 'attempt'."
"And how on earth do you propose to achieve that? Or rather, attempt to achieve it?" I asked.
"Not I, but we," corrected Jeremy again. "Being organized the way you are at the moment, we would have to get all of your world's top elected birdbrains—as you and your friend call them—to meet and agree on the initial steps necessary to launch a mutation process. It will take them time, many years I would think, to actually implement all of the changes, assuming of course that they can manage to agree to do so in the first place. And that, needless to say, is the risk. It is very possibly a hopeless task, but at least we can force them to start."
"Force them? How can you force them to meet? And even if you manage that, how can you force them to agree…on anything at all, let alone a concerted action to modify the human animal into a creature capable of peaceful coexistence?"
"Not you, Peter, we. And the answer to your question is fear. As you have more than once made extremely clear, your species is incapable of agreeing on more or less anything. Discord, hostility and constant arguing or violence is an integral component of your species. At this initial stage they would need to be forced to agree and fear is the only instrument capable of achieving that. The concept of fear, unlike love, honor, truth and so on, is the one emotion they can all understand and agree upon together, because it applies to each and every one of them individually. Fear affects their selfish interest in their own individual self-preservation."
"You seem, Jeremy," I said, "to place great faith in fear. How do you know we will not just be laughed at?"
Jeremy put his elbows on the table, folded his hands, placed them under his chin, gave me one of his smiles, and then proceeded in a pleasant but seemingly bored intonation, for all the world as if he were teaching a Psychology I class for teenagers. "Because we are going to implant real fear into their minds, Peter. Fear is the strongest of all the emotions existing, and that holds true for all life forms in the universe. It is the prime instinct responsible for ensuring the survival of a species."
"How about love?" I asked.
He tilted his head and sighed in an amused sort of way. "My research to date shows me that you all interpret the word differently. And in any event, there are too many cases of what you call love which are of the 'if you love me, then I love you' type, and when that stops, as it often enough does, it can even turn into blind hatred. Or the emotion disappears as if it had never been. I read what your actress Romy Schneider once said on the subject: 'There is nothing colder than a love which has died'. Forget it, Peter."
"Well, I believe there are exceptions. But I know what you mean. So how about sex? That is one hell of an instinct."
"Not really, Peter, it can't compete with fear. If I were to tell you that you had to choose between a life without sex, or being tortured to death this evening, I know which one you would choose. Fear easily wins the day, as it always did. Look how well your primeval lizards were at surviving."
I nodded, point taken.
"But we need to apply collective fear. And in order to apply collective fear, we will first of all need to be able to bring all of your top birdbrains together. And we need to start by convincing one of them, or rather scaring one of them, into undertaking that attempt. And I suggest that the prime minister of your country, the U.K., would be the easiest one to reach. And that alone will be difficult enough. And that is where you come in."
This fantasy game was going too far. I didn't need this extra hassle. Nor did I need the unmistakable risk of embarrassment which might result. I had no desire to make a laughing stock out of myself at this elevated level. At any level in fact, I have my pride just like you or anyone else. And embarrassment might not be the only thing I would have to deal with. So…I am not interested. Not at all…unless of course…unless there is sufficient money in it, more than he is offering. We are all potential prostitutes on this planet, not just the females or the pretty boys.
"I'm sorry, Jeremy," I said, "but I am not interested. I am not going to become involved in this."
"Because you don't believe a word and you are therefore concerned about the embarrassment," he said. "And the amount I have mentioned is insufficient to compensate you for that. So…how much?"
"Jeremy, you already know that I don't believe this…this whole scenario. And I really don't wish to involve myself any further."
"And if I guarantee there will be no embarrassment for you? How much?"
"Can you really guarantee me that?" Not that I was really interested. But for the right amount, with some of it in advance just in case, sure I would do it.
He didn't say anything, just put his head to one side and smiled his round-faced smile at me. Well, O.K., he's right, he has never given me reason to doubt his word. Even so, it has to be a lot of money, every prostitute has his or her price.
"Double the current agreement," I said.
"Double?"
Yes," I said. "We are currently agreed on €600,000 of which a third has already been paid. So it would be the same amount again with a third in advance."
"You know," said Jeremy with a quizzical look, "if you really knew how serious this situation was, and if you believed in it, you would be doing it for nothing."
"Jeremy, you are probably, as usual, quite correct on that."
"Well, I am not prepared to comply with your suggestion, Peter. There are limits and moral principles from my side of the fence which I am not prepared to breach. I will offer an additional €400,000 making the total a round million, and I will advance you €100,000 of that as a further token of trust. Take it or leave it. And if you leave it, no ill feelings. But we would not be continuing with our interviews because, as I am sure you understand, I would need to find someone else to undertake the task and it would be best for him or her to be the person who at the same time helps me finish my thesis work."
Oh, Oh. That would probably mean €800,000 down the drain for me. Well, hard bargainers are hard bargainers and we have to accept that.
"You are a hard bargainer, Jeremy," I said, "and you are also a good psychologist. A penny less and I wouldn't do it. As you have no doubt calculated, So…fair enough, agreed."
He laughed, a real, genuine laugh. "I am not a hard bargainer at all, Peter, as you must know if only you think about it. On top of the interviews, this latest arrangement will only involve you in two or three additional meetings with the police and perhaps some politicians, and hopefully you will be instrumental in achieving a meeting for me with the prime minister himself. You will be earning a whole million for, forgive me for saying so, doing relatively little. And, as you yourself have just said, I call that fair enough."
"Touché, Jeremy," I agreed, "touché."
"And fair enough for me also," he continued. "I must say I consider myself fortunate to have you as an interviewee. You are a fairly knowledgeable person on the one hand, and on the other you have taken great trouble to provide me with as much of that knowledge as possible in the short time available for doing so and this has allowed me to organize my research in a more targeted manner than would otherwise have been feasible. You are clearly a person who believes in complying with an agreed arrangement to the best of his ability, and I appreciate that kind of conscientiousness to no small degree, nor do I have any doubt about it continuing. And that is why I consider the amounts I am paying, which under different circumstances might be considered excessive, perhaps exceedingly excessive, to be equitable and value for money. And my thanks for your principled cooperation, Peter, are sincere ones, contractual obligations aside."
"Well now, that's very kind of you, Jeremy," I said in turn, aren't we both being gracious to each other, "and I thank you for your integrity regarding our agreement as well. But what exactly is coming up next? What are we going to be doing now?"
"Hmm…we now need to finish our initial interview agenda as quickly as possible. My thesis, you understand. It's very important to me. Can we do the next interview on Monday?"
"I could make it at 2 p.m.," I said. "I have to go down to Slough in the morning."
"Good, good. That will be fine. Let us meet in my office again. That is no longer going to be an issue in view of the new situation. On the contrary, we now want to communicate with them." He thought for a moment. "Do you have a means of contacting the policeman who was following you?"
"Yes."
"Then I suggest you ask him for an urgent meeting. He will be delighted—although for the wrong reasons of course. We need to get him and his superiors to take us up to a higher level, ministerial involvement. To do that, we will need to convince him with a 'hacker trick' or two. Let him choose which ones of course, only harmless occurrences. So if you succeed in arranging a meeting, call me on our mobile while it's going on and tell me who, what and where and I will perform as necessary."
Now that is really very fine, absolutely O.K. No way am I going to be embarrassed. On the contrary, if Jeremy manages to produce a couple more computer-hacking rabbits out of his hat, that Delsey guy will assume I am a partner in a team of two or more persons with amazing and as yet unheard of telepathic powers of some kind. On the downside, both Delsey and his superiors would also be going to extrapolate and conclude that these powers made me a dangerous person or, at least, that they made Jeremy a dangerous person. The latter of course being the same as what I myself believed. Jeremy undoubtedly constituted a potential for danger. True, he might never take it into his head to abuse his powers. But what if he decided to do so one day…what then? There was no doubt about the fact that the poor guy was seriously deranged. Anything could happen.
"As regards the meeting, Peter, Mr. Delsey and his friends are going to regard me personally as a significant danger after witnessing our little demonstration. Understandable of course. Also understandable, since he is a member of your species, that he and his superiors will wish to capture me and hold me in custody while I am investigated, probed and subjected to tests by an ever-increasing number of scientists, psychiatrists, and medical researchers, and eventually on an international basis. And for this purpose I would be restrained and held in a confined space. I am thinking of the chimpanzees you mentioned. And I consider that to be a more or less guaranteed scenario. But I am not going to allow that to happen—an easy enough exercise for me as you can imagine."
A waitress brought in more coffee and biscuits. Good, I had eaten all of the others, something I tend to do when stuck in non-smoking territory. Normal service or a Jeremy message, who knows? I could go out for a smoke of course but I prefer to hang on, the sooner this meeting finishes, the better.
"Now we mustn't forget," Jeremy continued, "that Mr. Delsey has no reason whatsoever to assume that I am a lunatic. There are no events or occurrences of any kind to support such a view. Certainly, he knows that I am an ex-mental patient. But my recuperation was officially and medically certified. No…for him, the concerns at the moment have to be either fraudulent activity or perhaps criminal activity of a more evil kind. But he can't act. He has nothing to act upon."
"But after your computer-hacking, we will have the scenario you just outlined."
"Yes, but as I have said, I will be able to deal with that. The most important thing in your first meeting will be to convince them that you have a matter of untold importance which can only be discussed face to face with the prime minister. Let us not fool ourselves: our tricks will not achieve that. But they will hopefully be sufficient to convince him and his superiors to pull in a politician or politicians of a certain level for a second meeting. And for that reason alone, you must not mention that I am an alien. Or rather, that I say I am an alien."
I was chewing away on the remaining biscuits. Easy enough, I thought to myself. I wouldn't have to disclose the topic for discussion, the hacking tricks are persuasive enough to convince even a hard-boiled cynic to arrange a second meeting, and I wouldn't have to mention Jeremy's delusion that he is an alien. What a way to earn a stack of money. And the whole thing would eventually fizzle out anyway, what else? I saw no pitfalls. It was like having a solid position in a chess game; impossible to lose…unless you make a tactical error.
"O.K. But what I don't understand, Jeremy," I said, "is why don't you do all of this yourself directly? Why do you want to involve me?"
"Because it has to be the human race itself which does it. I have to see whether the human race is capable of changing itself, not me. I couldn't do it anyway, only your species itself can do it, and then only if it wants to, and then only if it is capable of agreeing to try instead of disagreeing, and even then only if it is capable of turning its decision into reality. And you are the first link in this process, the human being who will hopefully start the ball rolling. I have to detect a willingness here, I have to detect some kind of desire in you and your fellow beings to actually want to mutate and modify your civic traits and social behavior. I am admittedly prepared to assist initially by introducing fear as a helpful driving force, and by paying you more money, but that is it. And if I see no signs, I shall abandon the attempt and the Governing Committee will take whatever decision it decides to take without the benefit of any examples or input from myself. That is why."
If this were a real situation instead of an impossible Jeremy Parker delusion, that would really be putting me on the spot. But in either event I would be doing it because of the money, wouldn't I?
"Fair enough, Jeremy. I understand. Makes sense."
It made sense alright. Another €400,000. Possibly, at least.
* * * * *
Off I headed on a long walk, a beautiful day. I didn't feel like lunch, too many biscuits. I bought myself an ice cream instead. Headed into Hyde Park, nobody following me as far as I could see, not that I was really checking, it's the other way round now, it's me who wants to contact them. I found a place under a tree and sat down. One of a thousand others doing the same thing, everybody grateful for the ability to absorb the life-giving warmth of their star's nuclear reactions—with the deadly effects of the attendant radiation being nicely deflected by our planet's magnetic fields of course. I finished my ice cream, took out my mobile, and dialed the Tom Delsey number.
"Delsey."
"Peter O'Donaghue, good day to you."
"Ah…Mr. O'Donaghue, and good day to you too."
"My apologies for calling you on a weekend, Mr. Delsey, but something has come up. Would it be possible for us to meet at your early convenience?"
"Certainly. Always a possibility. Got some information for me, have you? The Parker thing?"
"Yes, I have. Quite surprising information; not what you might think."
"Now that sounds interesting enough. Is tomorrow soon enough?"
"Tomorrow is Sunday," I said.
"Yes, well…I'm with the family today but tomorrow I'm on the road again. Nevertheless, if it's awkward for you, we can make it Monday. Or if it's extremely urgent, today of course. Nothing the wife hasn't had to put up with before."
"Tomorrow will be fine," I said. "What time and where?"
"How about your hotel? 10 o'clock suit you?"
"Yes. See you then. Goodbye and enjoy your Saturday."
"Same to you, Mr. O'Donaghue, same to you."
I called Jeremy on the alien phone. Told him the time and place of the meeting with Delsey. Fast work Peter, he said. He would be waiting for my call or calls.
I stretched out on the grass and lit a cigarette. I felt good. What a weird way to be making money. I can't get over it. It isn't real. But, and you can believe me, I'd give up every cent in exchange for being able to have Céline, even if it turned out to be only for a few months: there's never any guarantee as to how many weeks or months or years, is there? I must check my messages when I get back to the hotel.
Man, is it warm. Swimming is never on my agenda for the U.K. But who cares, just to think that in a couple of weeks I will be in Spain, pre-summer time, water temperature in the pool around 23 degrees, not too warm, not too cold. And in Mallorca I know exactly which hotel I will be staying in initially, a favorite of mine, into the sea off the rocks, too expensive to have any screaming kids running around—not their fault, kids scream, you did and I did, but no way do I want them cluttering up my space, no apologies for that, leave all the stress and the shit (metaphorical and literal) to the players in the reproduction game—and waiters all over the place, all of whom have had some kind of training and actually pay attention to you.
And in this contented fashion I just dozed off. It was early evening when I resurfaced. I strolled down to the Knightsbridge tube station, picked up the Saturday IHT, had an early meal in a Lebanese I know, played backgammon over coffee and cognac in the back room with the owner—he is a mean backgammon player, but then so am I—and wandered out again into the warm evening air and back to the hotel.
Yet another new girl at the reception desk, not particularly attractive, not too good a figure, kind of a longish face and red-haired. But pleasant enough. It's just that red-haired women are without exception precluded from my catalogue of female prototypes. My interest in red-haired women is zero for reasons we don't need to enter into here. I booked a small meeting room for tomorrow morning and took the elevator to my room.
No message from Céline, not good, see what happens tomorrow. I finished reading the IHT, same things every day, only the death count varies, and polished off the Sudoko. Gave my neurons some work regarding tomorrow, mapped out what I thought would happen, decided on a couple of preventive steps. Picked up a late sports program on the television—my only use for television is sport, and then only on a Saturday, and then not always—and disappeared into the land of dreams.

DAY 17
Except that I didn't dream. Morpheus was clearly away again on one of his nefarious nighttime pursuits. His father Somnus was in charge and I slept peacefully and well and so did my neurons. I shat and I shaved and I showered, I went down to breakfast, I timed it to finish at five to ten, and I sauntered leisurely along to the lobby.
Tom Delsey was already there. He was wearing an open-neck shirt and a sweater of the kind only purchased by the inhabitants of certain types of U.K. suburban settlements. It was a cheap knit, it had a ghastly crisscross design, and it had a blend of colors which brought eggs and bacon to mind. But, to be fair, it did serve to disguise his beer belly by about 20%.
"Good morning, Mr. O'Donaghue," he said. "Pleased to meet you again."
He didn't look pleased, he looked as morose as ever and his left eye was still halfway through a wink. Mind you, to be fair again, if you or I had a face as pockmarked as his, we would probably be fairly morose ourselves.
"Good morning, Mr. Delsey," I said. "Thank you for coming."
"Ah…" he replied. "Hmm…er…I have three of my colleagues with me and I wondered if they might attend also. One of them is my direct superior by the way. We are seriously puzzled by the mysterious Parker and therefore more than interested to hear anything you might have to tell us. But if you prefer not, then we'll do it one on one and I'll fill them in afterwards."
Great. Four of them to witness the magical tricks. That should get things moving. But first let them think I am doing them a favor, I am a nice cooperative guy.
"Well, Mr. Delsey, that is not what I had in mind, if you don't mind my saying so. The subject of our discussion is going to surprise you in the extreme. Just you and me would probably be better. As envisaged."
I looked at him, gave him the stare. He looked at me, giving me his half-wink. He didn't say anything, he was still hoping. No problem, old chap, the nice Peter O'Donaghue is about to show you some of his one-eighth Irish cordiality.
"Well, Mr. Delsey," I said, "it seems as if it's important to you to have your colleagues present as well. I can understand that, your boss being among them. So O.K., we'll do it that way. But I warn you, they are all going to be as surprised as you."
He was happy to hear this, very happy, and the talk about a surprise had clearly whetted his appetite as well. He actually smiled briefly. "Thank you," he said, "I'll be back in a minute or two." And off he went out through the hotel entrance, down the steps, and turned left. I followed him out, stood on the steps, another beautiful day, our star steadfastly continuing to burn up its hydrogen in full sight high in the sky. Good to have a star like that, I thought to myself. You can rely on it, no risk at all. For another 4.5 billion years at least, if we're still around. And I wondered what, if our star had the power of reason, it would be thinking about what we were doing to its most beautiful planet.
But I had no more time for further philosophical perusal, as Tom Delsey appeared around the corner, accompanied by three others. We greeted each other on the steps and I led the way through the lobby to the room I had hired. We sat down at the table and I poured myself a coke, and they poured themselves some coffee while presenting their identification for my inspection. They looked like genuine warrant cards, if that's what they're called, not that I would be able to tell if they weren't, and not that it mattered much anyway. I didn't catch any of the names or their titles, not interested.
In true civil servant fashion, no-one sat on my side of the table. That was fine by me, I had my space. Delsey and two of the guys sat facing me and the other one had taken a seat to my left at the head of the table. Or at the tail-end of the table, depending on how you view these things.
I regarded them all in what one refers to as a calm and collected fashion, and cogitated—in what a cynic refers to as a calm and captious manner—on the fact that in a few decades my visitors would possibly all be women, as by then they would have achieved the power necessary to prevent us men from hindering them in their career choices, as we do at the moment. They will also be building factories and houses all over the place and sports arenas to house their boxing tournaments.
"We appreciate your invitation," said the guy at the head of the table, "at such short notice." He, like the others, was dressed casually. He had a thin face, sandy hair, and looked a bit younger than Delsey. But he was probably Delsey's boss, judging by where he sat and the fact that he had spoken first.
"Well, there was no notice at all, so it couldn't be short," I said, "but no problem, my pleasure." I gave them a smile, one of my pleasant ones. Make sure they know it's my meeting. Also that I am an agreeable guy, ha ha.
"Quite," said the boss and smiled. Smiles all around. Except from Delsey, but then that's just his way. Maybe he's got eight kids at home, or maybe ten, or maybe he has complications because he has more than one mistress, which I doubt, what with his face and his wink and his belly, but you never can tell these days.
"Gentlemen," I began, "I have no doubt that in the course of your duties you have from time to time been present at some very strange meetings. But rest assured that this one will rank among your very strangest. And there is no point in beating about the bush. I will go straight ahead."
I took a swig of Coke. "You are interested in the activities of a certain Jeremy Parker, based on certain comments you have received from a certain young lady. And you know that I am a business consultant performing an assignment for him. Now investigate as you may and as you will, the only conclusions you will ever be able to provably reach are that he is a perfectly normal and successful businessman. Take my word for it, which you won't, at least not until you have consumed a lot of time and wasted a lot of resources."
"I don't think you can call him normal," said the guy sitting next to Delsey. He also had sandy hair. Fully-fleshed face, wore spectacles. "The young lady's comments were believable, consistent and there was proof of payment."
"None of which Mr. Parker would deny, I believe," I replied. "A business agreement was reached and the young lady broke the contract without even starting the project. Certainly, in my view, Mr. Parker should never have made such a payment in advance. A peculiar mistake for an experienced businessman, no doubt about it. But that's it."
There was silence. They knew of course that they had nothing to go on. One good thing, though, Delsey and his boss were clearly good listeners. They would probably keep their comments to themselves until I had finished saying whatever it was that I had to say.
"Mr. Parker's business activities have brought him into contact with certain matters which can only be considered as being of extreme importance to national security—correction, to international security. These matters are of such import and sensitivity that they may only be discussed directly with the prime minister. And he has charged me with achieving that meeting, although—and I want to make this extremely clear to you guys—I am unaware as to exactly what those matters are at this moment. But I am happy enough to make the attempt, I am being well paid for it."
No way was I going to let them think I knew anything, that could really result in some troubled times for me. On top of which, come to think of it, one of them might even be recording this meeting without my knowledge. A nasty trick, but they are humans, so you never know.
"Mr. O'Donaghue," said the other guy on Delsey's side of the table, a dark-haired person starting to go grey, probably the wrong side of forty, "do you realize how many requests the prime minister, or rather his office, receives every month from both people and institutions wanting to meet with him? Hundreds, and with all kinds of reasons—official ones, serious ones, trivial ones and insane ones. I think you are going to have to forget about that idea. All the more so since you are not prepared to, or can't, say what it's all about. You know how these things work. Be reasonable."
"I understand your reaction. It couldn't be otherwise of course. No offence taken. But I am sure you will change your minds. You see…these matters of national and international security include a specific telepathic power—I use telepathic for want of a better word—which constitutes, potentially anyway, a huge and colossal threat which I doubt any country has the means to successfully counter, or even contain. And," I continued, "I am going to demonstrate this to you right now and leave it up to your imagination as to what unbelievable events could be unleashed anywhere on earth. Or, indeed, everywhere on earth."
I detected a significant quantity of skepticism. What else? But a cautious scepticism, they were going to witness a demonstration of something or other. Good Sunday fun, is what they must have been thinking. Same as me a couple of weeks ago. And in fact, the same as me again today. I wondered what kind of experiment they were going to choose.
"This is what we will do," I said. "You are going to choose a person or persons whose minds you would like to influence. You can even choose yourselves. Or animals. Anything with a brain. You are then going to tell me what you would like them to do. I will transfer your requests on my mobile and all you have to do is watch. Please make sure it is something harmless and please make sure that, whatever it is, it is something which is going to convince you—fully."
I leaned back in my chair. This was going to be great fun. Unless Jeremy let me down, unless he couldn't do it anymore. And then it wouldn't be fun. Just horribly and appallingly embarrassing.
"Who will you be calling?" asked Delsey's boss.
"First the demonstration, gentlemen, and then I will answer any question I can." But none that I don't want to, goes without saying.
There was a lot of harrumphing and general shuffling around in their seats and the boss asked them for suggestions but no-one wanted to make one, they preferred him to do it. And he was thinking about it.
"Persons in the plural?" he asked.
"Also," I said.
"Well, we could take a stroll into the park for example and watch all the traffic in Piccadilly stop. For at least five minutes."
He raised his eyebrows at me.
"In which direction?" I asked. Piccadilly had reconverted to two-way traffic a few years ago after the politicians had discovered that their decades-old decision to make it a one-way street had been an error. One of many, what's new?
"In both directions," he said.
"Very well, then let us take a stroll into the park," I said and we all stood up and headed through the hotel and out into the street and across into Green Park. The day was overcast, but still, warm, stuffy. Delsey took off his sweater, beer belly on full show, it didn't seem to bother him. Why should it, the word aesthetic would be as foreign to him as a novel by Oscar Wilde. They all watched as I fished out the alien mobile from my back pocket and pressed the call button. "Peter here," I whispered with a hand over the phone, "all traffic in Piccadilly to stop, also any traffic entering, both directions, for at least five minutes." "Understood," said Jeremy. Click. They had of course been trying to listen to what I was saying—success denied, not that it would have mattered much—and they watched me as I returned the phone to my back pocket.
I am not stupid. I had done some thinking about this last night. These guys were going to react like human beings and want to know whom I had called, who was capable of this telepathy and how, and they were going to use force if necessary to find out. And they would start off by compelling me to hand over my mobile so that they could trace the call and go and seize the person on the receiving end.
The traffic started stopping. And they all stared. And I took hold of my own mobile and pressed the dial button for the pre-set number I had prepared. It was a non-allocated number. Not in China, not in the USA, not in any place which might trigger unfounded speculations by a Ministry of Defence—a beautiful name for a ministry, just think of all those countries defending themselves like crazy in Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan or wherever—or any other elected idiots. It was a non-allocated number in Madeira in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. I recommend it if you like wild flowers and don't mind landing on a runway which has been carved out of sheer mountain cliffs (on your left) and borders the ocean (on your right) and which, following a fatal air crash three decades ago, was extended to run out further into the ocean on stilts. It has been classified as one of the world's ten most dangerous airports; strong winds and bad visibility and you explode against a rock-face; or overrun the runway and you die a salty death.
Now all the traffic had stopped. I cut off the call and put my phone into the back pocket of my trousers and transferred the alien one into my inside coin pocket. Some of the drivers had stepped out of their cars, seemingly unconcerned about anything at all. A couple of them went into the tube station and came back out again. Others just remained in their cars, some quite calmly, I saw one of them reading some ghastly Sunday tabloid. And others, well, others were suffering from varying degrees of epileptic convulsion.
My visitors turned back to stare at me one by one. And then they turned back to look at the scene in Piccadilly again and then they looked at me again.
"Unbelievable," said Delsey's boss.
"Unbelievable," said Delsey, morose does not describe it.
"Unbelievable," said the other two.
I must admit that I was enjoying it. Quite a demonstration. And scary at the same time, those are some powers that Jeremy possesses, no two ways about it. We all continued looking until suddenly there was a stirring, the cars began to move, and within a minute or so everything had more or less returned to normal.
We walked back to the hotel and into the meeting room in silence. There was plenty of serious perusal and cogitation wafting its way noiselessly through the atmosphere, needless to say.
"I would not like to think, "said Delsey's boss, "what could be made to happen if this capability were to be misused. If this extraordinary power to influence others' minds were to fall into the wrong hands. Or already be in the wrong hands. It's amazing. It's almost impossible to believe."
"Indeed," I said. "But the problem would be, would it not, which are the right hands? All kinds of people, countries, would do anything to lay their hands on this, including yourselves and whoever is running this country. A tremendous weapon is what you have to be thinking. And we would never, ever use it, not for anything, we would just keep it as a defence threat, we would just lock it away and forget about it, wouldn't we, right?"
There was another silence. They were all looking at me.
"Was it Mr. Parker you called?" asked Delsey.
"No it wasn't."
"Who then?" asked Delsey's boss.
"I don't know."
"But you knew the number. Know it."
"Yes."
"How?"
"Mr. Parker receives a number each time a demonstration is required. The number cannot be traced and is voided immediately after completion of the call in any case. Mr. Parker provided me with the number for today."
Just part of last night's planning. Pretty simple. But let it not be said that I am not giving full value for money to Jeremy. You will never find me being lax or lazy when fulfilling my side of a contractual agreement, well paid or not. Not my type.
"Could you show us the number, please?"
"No, I was requested not to divulge it.
"By Mr. Parker?"
"By Mr. Parker."
"Then I am afraid we will have to request the loan of your mobile for a while," said Delsey's boss.
"No, I'm afraid not," I replied. "For that, you would need authorization. I have done nothing wrong. In fact, if you want to get official about it, I have done nothing at all except make a phone call. I can't imagine you trying to justify your request as a measure necessary to find someone who has stopped the traffic in Piccadilly by means of telepathy. Can you?"
Mr. O'Donaghue," he said, "you must be aware of the fact that we are not going to let this matter drop. This is an exceedingly grave situation. Monumentally grave. We are going to have to visit Mr. Parker as well. As soon as we leave here. We know where to find him."
"Oh no, you are not," I said. "First of all, both he and I will deny everything. You will all be made to look like fools. You sir, in particular, will be suspected of coercing your colleagues into supporting some impossibly wild idea of yours. I wouldn't stake much on your career or your standing in the force after that. Secondly, Mr. Parker won't let you get anywhere near him. He will have you or anyone else stopped. Like the Piccadilly traffic. And what's more," I added, just to cement things up, "have you considered the possible dangers if Mr. Parker takes offence?" And to make sure the cement had set, "And have you considered that you may be held personally responsible for causing your country to miss out on some incalculably valuable intelligence?"
"Well, that may be or it may not be. In any case, Mr. Parker would have to arrange to stop a large number of people if necessary. Now why don't we avoid a lot of bureaucratic trouble and unpleasantness and you just give me your mobile? We'll have it back to you within twenty four hours, and that's a promise."
"Listen," I said. "You are missing the whole point. I have told you that there is a matter of huge international importance which needs to be discussed directly with the prime minister and with no-one else. And what that matter is you will never know unless the prime minister deems otherwise. Today's happening was merely to convince you of that and nothing else. The matter to be discussed with him has far wider consequences than today's mind-influencing, if you can imagine that, which I don't suppose you can. Which in fact I know you can't. And I would be grateful if you would treat me with a little more civility. This is not a game, and certainly not a game to be played around with at your level."
I paused. I considered what I had said so far. Frankly, I might even have been convincing myself if I hadn't known it was all a load of trash. A €400,000 load of trash, mind you. Except for the mind-hacking. That was something. Impressive, awesome, scary, inconceivable, no doubt about it. I personally still didn't know exactly what to think about it. But I was changing my mind about poor mad Jeremy being the big danger. It seemed to me that the big danger would be if this capability were to be acquired by human beings. I mean, of course, human beings other than Jeremy.
But my neurons were a calming factor. They told me that that probably wasn't possible. Only Jeremy could do it. He was a huge exception. And he wasn't going to allow anyone to 'acquire' either himself or his skills.
"I'll make it short and sweet," I continued. "I understand your concern and interest regarding today's events. I have therefore decided to give you my mobile. As a favor. Please return it to reception here by 1 p.m. tomorrow. In return for that, you agree to arrange a meeting for me with the prime minister. He will presumably want to have others present including bodyguards. That is O.K. But they shouldn't be able to hear what we discuss for the first five minutes. That is all I ask. After that, the prime minister can decide for himself."
None of them looked very happy. Delsey's boss said, "As I have already explained, such a meeting will not be possible. I can agree to make an attempt, although the outcome is a foregone conclusion. That is all I can agree to, I'm afraid."
I took my personal mobile out of my back pocket, slowly so that everyone could see where it came from, and handed it to Delsey's boss. I still didn't know his name, and it still didn't interest me in the slightest.
"I'll accept your offer to make an attempt," I said. "And no doubt you will contact me as soon as possible. Please bear in mind that the matter is urgent. And hopefully we can all agree that this meeting is now closed."
Hopefully.
Delsey threw a glance at his boss, who nodded. "Very well," said Delsey, "but we will need to meet with you personally again soon. Not going anywhere this week are you?"
"Not until the weekend," I said. "I'll be working, but I'll be staying at this hotel." After today's experience, I thought to myself, they would be keeping more than a close eye on me anyway.
And that was it. Off they went, taking my mobile with them. And off I went up to my room. I pressed the green button and called Jeremy, thanked him for his immaculate performance and explained how the meeting had finished. I plugged in my laptop and checked my messages.
And there it was, a message from Céline: Darling Peter, I have been suffering terribly these last few days. I got back to Rouen and found out that I am still very much in love with my fiancé. I prefer not to elaborate on that and I know that you will be as understanding of it as you can. You are truly a wonderful man and I wish you sincerely, sincerely, sincerely, a very wonderful and happy life. Whoever gets to share it with you will be a fortunate woman indeed. A thousand thanks for last weekend. Having met you is a memory I will cherish for the rest of my life. Your (very sad) Céline.
Well. 'Well' was the most suitable word for it. It befitted my open-mouthed reaction perfectly. Speechless I was, not that I had anyone to speak to. Total paralysis of the neurons. Shock. Sadness. Despair.
For a minute at least. I re-read the message. I re-read it a second time. And then those trusty old neurons began grinding slowly back into motion again. Why the exaggerated reaction, Peter, they asked me. Why the emotional chaos? These things happen in the world, right?
Yes, these things happen. But they cause emotional chaos if you are a person with feelings. And my feelings for Céline were so spontaneous and so intense and so tender that my only sensation now was one of deep loss. Deep loss. And so, dear neurons, you can shove your philosophical thoughts about one-night stands and the sex was great right back into your metaphorical and cynical ass. I am sad. I am deeply sad. And that is all there is to say about it.
Of course, said my neurons, but life goes on. And, if you take the decision not to swipe a sharp knife across your throat, indeed it does. I went down to the street and hailed a cab to take me to the En Passant. I walked up the decrepit stairs and into the decrepit games room. The usual decrepit taxpayer-subsidized players were there as always, but also plenty of punters, businessmen or whoever else, whiling away their weekend time. I looked at a couple who were standing around watching other games. "Blitz?" asked one of them. "Fiver per game?" I queried, and he nodded and we took one of the two tables not in use and set the clocks.
I was sad and disoriented and angry—not with Céline but with the emotional storm which had disrupted my peaceful swim on the ocean's waves—and I was in no mood to do anything but slaughter him. I had the black pieces for the first game and I played the Budapest Gambit. This is when White starts off with e4 and the first three moves follow the Ruy Lopez, except that Black's third move doesn't. Black plays f5. This is not a good opening for Black and I would never play it in a tournament—although, as far I am aware, it has never been refuted. On the other hand, a good opponent is always going to obtain a positional advantage and maintain it long-term. But this is not a good opponent, it's a punter. And it's Blitz, five minutes per game. And he doesn't know the best moves and he spends valuable seconds trying to figure out the best one each time. Which he fails to do anyway and I slaughter him.
After about an hour I have won twenty five pounds and he has had enough. This is not money, not nowadays, but it took care of most of my early meal in that steakhouse around the corner.
Back at the hotel, Little Miss Ugly was one of the two receptionists on duty. She was overjoyed to see me, and although not in the mood, I stopped and made her day with a bit of conversation. I learned that she was doing overtime today because the Sunday moron no longer…er…works for us. Good. Serves him right. Hopefully tramping the streets looking for work at whichever places interview morons.
I went up to my room and sent a message to Céline: Dear Céline, I understand. I will miss you a lot. Take care of yourself. Peter. I could have written a lot more, I could have written that I would miss her forever, but no point. She wouldn't want to read a load of sickly crap. I know I wouldn't, that's for sure.

DAY 18
Today's weather suited my mood, gray and depressed. I sank some Lavazza but skipped breakfast. I smoked my first cigarette of the day—always one of the most needed ones—and drove out to Slough. I had no idea whether I was being tracked or not, but they could have had an army following me and I couldn't have cared less.
I spent a leisurely morning just checking up on things. Joe was happy, enjoying the experience with his suppliers. He was not sure we would meet our target of 8% but he was confident we wouldn't be far off. Ron was also not sure that we would meet our production target of 17,000 hours but he told me some fascinating possibilities were being identified. He showed me some of them, and they were fascinating, and he was also happy.
Before I left, I dropped into Fred's office. He was not one of the happy ones but he was not unhappy either. The works council had held their employee meeting this morning and had presented the management message. This had resulted in a lot of unhappy workers but they were going to take a formal vote on Wednesday morning. To me, this was good news—if they were going to reject the proposals outright, they would have taken that decision already this morning. In my view.
And another day's fee had been earned, life is hard. I drove back to town down the M4. This route is becoming boring, who cares, it's my last week. I parked the car in the hotel garage and walked up to reception. No mobile. Instead there was a message from Delsey, sincere apologies, my phone will definitely be returned by tomorrow morning. O.K., no sweat, you can never trust a word those guys utter. They're the same as the elected birdbrains. Open their mouths and all you get is verbal diarrhea. I walked into Piccadilly, along to the nice restaurant. No table available, many profuse apologies. I understand the problem, not only are they packed out, but I am a table for one, not an economic preference at the best of times. That place must be a goldmine, no difficulties with the Piccadilly rent.
In retrospect, it might have made me late for Jeremy anyway. I took a cab to the Strand, picked up a sandwich, smoked a cigarette, and entered the Obrix offices at precisely 2 p.m. The dream, or Jane as she now is, wasn't there. That was a good thing, I thought to myself, who wants to be looking at something like that, and what's more something like that which might actually be interested in you, at a time when no woman interests you at all. A time which will of course pass, as sure as our star burns merrily away in the sky. But not today, José.
In her place was a small, blond, frail looking girl. But the important part of her body wasn't frail. You could see it was nicely rounded, very sexy in a comfortable, motherly sort of way if you know what I mean. Just the kind of girl who can be of great value when there is the need for emotional rehabilitation. And she gave me a really big smile. I have noticed that lots of small girls really go for tall men—right, and some do not—for reasons which would make a good subject for psychological research by some university or other one day.
I managed a smile, told her I knew the way and walked along past the offices and into the meeting room. Jeremy stood up to greet me. Business suit as always, striped shirt, dark red tie, and wearing a smile, seemed to be in a good mood.
"Good morning, Peter," he said, "I am afraid Miss Goodall is not here today. She has a week's vacation. But hopefully you were received in the proper manner by our Miss Monroe?"
"Certainly," I said. If he was expecting me to show some disappointment, I had none to show.
"An interesting meeting you had yesterday," he continued.
"Yes," I replied. "And as I explained, I expect to be contacted again very soon."
Actually, whether a meeting with the prime minister happened or not, I was anticipating being able to remove myself from this crazy saga fairly soon. I would be driving back to Germany at the weekend and perhaps I could hop off to Spain on the Monday. They would trace me there of course, several ways for them to go about that. But if I drove, and if I didn't take my mobile, and if I parked my car in a public car park in Barcelona, and then used the ferry to get to the island, it would take them some time to find me. First the country, then Mallorca, then me. I was just chewing it over. I needed to give it some more thought. In particular, about how to ensure I could still meet the requirements for being paid in full by Jeremy.
"Good, that is very good," said Jeremy.
"The show you put on was also good," I said, "manipulating the minds of so many people simultaneously."
"Oh, that wasn't actually the case," he replied. "If you think about it, I only had to influence a couple of brains at the front of each line of traffic. It is just a form of hypnosis, as we've discussed."
Oh well, that was alright then. Only had to influence a couple of brains. Mere hypnosis, about as difficult as drinking a cup of coffee. I wouldn't mind being able to do that, I'd be the world chess champion.
"Then perhaps we could move on without delay to today's agenda item?" he continued.
"Fine," I said. "Environmental management."
I took a deep breath. Here we go again.
"We have no environmental management, Jeremy. On the contrary. On the one hand we are completely destroying the environment on this planet, and on the other hand we are doing so at a constantly accelerating pace."
"Not again," interrupted Jeremy, "it seems that no matter what topic we select, it is always negative, catastrophically so."
"Yes, and this is another one which is pretty horrific—as I am sure you will agree when you have heard some of the facts. The facts that I know about, that is. I don't have the full story."
He sighed. The poor guy really would love to hear something positive to fit into his deluded fantasies, instead of which all he is getting are the facts. Perhaps I should suggest I go out and find a politician and a bishop for him, they would both provide him with thousands of positive scenarios, make him happy. "O.K., then," he said, "off you go."
"First of all," I said, "I have to explain the major cause for what is happening. This way you will understand it better. The major cause is overpopulation. The planet can no longer handle it. The planet is groaning, it is sighing, it is weeping, but we just continue reproducing at an alarming and unsustainable rate."
Jeremy interrupted me with a smile. "No offence, Peter, but facts would move us along faster than groanings and sighings do you think?"
"Sure Jeremy, sorry. But listen to this first: it took us about 200,000 years from the time we started to exist to reach a world population of 300 million, i.e. at about the time Jesus Christ was born. It took us less than 2,000 years after that or, more precisely, until around the time of World War II, to reach a world population of 2 billion. Enough? Oh no, no way, Jeremy. And let's see if you can believe this: in only 70 years since then, i.e. within some people's lifetimes, the 2 billion have become 7 billion. And this will become 11 billion before I die. A fact. An irreversible fact."
"Irreversible?"
"Yes, because of the way we are. About 132 million new human beings are being born each year. Roughly 4 per second. Each one, according to our various religions, is appropriately supplied with a soul to help him or her better appreciate the few decades for which they are going to be around. But if 132 million are being born, only 56 million humans are dying each year. I have included the 1 million suicides in that figure, but I have excluded the 45 million abortions each year, in order to maintain a factual comparison between actual births and the deaths. For the same reason I have also excluded the 2.1 million stillborn babies per year; after all, if you are born dead, you cannot truthfully be said to have been born at all."
"Hmm…what is a soul?"
"I don't know. Some kind of spirit or so they say."
"And you have one as well?"
"Apparently. So they say. How it is supposed to interact with my brain and my central nervous system, I have no idea. Nor, since I have no idea what my soul and its intended function is, can I even make a guess."
"Hmm…" said Jeremy
"Now, on the one hand, we have China, which, having watched its population grow to 1.3 billion, took a decision to stop the madness. It forbids and prohibits, with some few exceptions, more than one child per family. Of course this has a negative side to it. Many of the females are aborted before birth or are butchered shortly afterwards, but the positive effects are deemed to outweigh the negative ones. The problem is with the rest of the world."
"The rest of the world doesn't do this?"
"No. India, for a start, will soon overtake China as the world's most populated nation, it may already have done so for all I know. And other countries positively encourage more births. It is a human right to be able to reproduce as much as we want, they say. And then of course, you have our friends again, the elected clowns. Many of these believe that the bigger their populations, the more influence and power, including economic power, they and their nations are going to have. It is a case of 'more means better' again. Take Russia and Germany for example. Their clowns are horrified at the lack of population growth."
"Choose one of them and tell me about it, Peter."
"Fine. Well let's take Germany then, since that is where I live. Germany has created a law whereby you get money for each new successful act of reproduction! And the more children you create, the more money you get! You don't want more children? Hah, well how about doing it for money? If we pay you, will you do it? Money, say the clowns, is a superb justification for getting the masses to reproduce if they don't want to do it for any other reason."
"But surely," said Jeremy, "money is not an inducement for the upper and middle classes, for those who have sufficient income already?"
"Quite correct. But it is an inducement to the poor, the less educated, the immigrants, including the millions already living off the welfare state. No problem, have four, five, six or more children, WE WILL PAY YOU FOR IT! Or rather, we, the clowns, won't. But our taxpayers will—the ones who have determined that they themselves can't reasonably afford to have more children, or simply don't want to—hey, THEY will pay you for it (with, at the same time, the optimistic desire that you spend the money on your babies and not in your pub)."
"But…"
"Sure, Jeremy, the consequences are logical and do not need to be discussed. This law, coincidentally, was pushed by a female minister who has seven children of her own—maybe eight, I can't remember exactly. I repeat that this was a coincidence—such persons are a minority on this planet and of course she was not trying to push her minority views onto others in order to validate her personal sentiments in this regard. It was just another case of 'more is better' and if they'll only do it for money, well…And—can you believe this—last year the German clowns were formally discussing a separate law for an additional punitive tax on all married persons without children!"
"Seriously?"
"Seriously. It's a fact. Check it out. So as you can see, Jeremy, the human race cannot agree on this matter either and the population of human beings on the planet continues to spiral at a disastrous and incredible pace. Before, by the way, we have even solved the problem of how to feed the ones who already exist. Millions die of hunger each year, mainly children. An easy enough problem to solve, were it not for our lack of intelligence. Our stupidity."
"But that doesn't make sense."
"No."
"So why do you do it?"
"Jeremy, it's your fault for asking the question. We do it because that's the way we are."
He chuckled. "I walked straight into that one, Peter, didn't I?"
"Yup," I said. "And the result of all this, among other things, is that we have a large number of vast megacities of over 20 million people. The biggest is Tokyo-Yokohama with 37 million humans, all crammed together, 6,000 humans per km2 staring out of their tiny holes in their high-rise blocks, squashed in like bees in a beehive. One of many twentieth century science fiction scenarios which are already with us. Needless to say, many parts of these cities are run-down ghettos, crime-breeding areas of unimaginable poverty, ready-made territories for the thriving drug and prostitution trades among others."
"But you still continue."
"Yes, Jeremy, we still continue. We continue to cover our planet with concrete at an unheard of and massive pace: housing, roads, factories, hospitals, schools, sport stadiums, restaurants, bars, government buildings, bank buildings, airports, hotels, shopping malls, industrial parks, and so on. The elected clowns call this growth; it is very necessary, oh yes. It cannot be allowed to stop, oh no, it can never be allowed to stop. Thousands of construction companies would go out of business, there would be millions of unemployed. The snowball has to be kept rolling, getting bigger and bigger and heavier and heavier. But the poor planet can't handle it anymore. It tries, but we have already passed the mathematical limit of how many humans can decently live on this small lump of rock. But we don't realize that, so we don't slow down in any way, let alone put a stop to it. And even the elected Chinese birdbrains are now seriously thinking of relaxing their one child per family rule. It's all very sad."
"Very sad," said Jeremy, clearly at a loss for further comment.
"And this finally brings us to environmental matters. The rabbit-like breeding I have just outlined to you, Jeremy, will assist you in understanding the enormity of what we are doing."
"I have read," said Jeremy, "that a number of your researchers say your species is both mad and stupid if it believes it can pump its very thin atmosphere full of carbon dioxide, sulphur, methane gas and other toxic poisons, destroy vast areas of compensatory forest, poison its oceans with its defecation and a whole host of deadly chemicals, and yet not destroy its habitat within next to no time. Do you agree with those people?"
"Indeed I do, Jeremy. Both mad and stupid. Nevertheless, this is precisely what we are doing. And at the same we are digging out what remains of our planet's guts for minerals, fuel resources and so on. At a frenzied and unprecedented rate."
"Well…it's your planet of course, but it sounds as if not all of you believe your activities to be dangerous. Otherwise you would stop them."
"You think so, Jeremy? Well, let me divide this up into land, sea and air. As usual, my knowledge is severely limited and I am therefore restricted to those few facts and examples of which I am aware."
"Understood as usual, Peter."
"Thank you, Jeremy. Now…our species currently produces about 12 billion tons of waste per year. That includes way over one trillion plastic bags, by the way…"
"Over one trillion plastic bags? Every year? Why do you need so many?"
"We don't need so many, Jeremy. But we don't let that worry us."
"I wouldn't like to be one of your archeologists in a couple of thousand years' time, that's all I can say."
"Yes, they will certainly be getting quantity instead of quality. All of this stuff will be doubling and tripling as 2.5 billion Chinese and Indians continue down the road to the consumer levels already attained by our 'developed' areas. Not to mention the Africans, the Indonesians, the South Americans and other large and fast-growing population centers. Immense quantities of this waste are piles of innards, bones, and other remains from slaughterhouses and laboratories—don't forget the billions of land animals we butcher each year—hospital and other medical refuse including human organs and syringes, about 40 million tons of poisonous electronic waste, and of course other toxic wastes, including pesticides and even deadly, radioactive nuclear waste."
"12 billion tons every year, you said. Where do you put it all?"
"Well, we put it wherever we can. Of course, some of us don't like to keep all of this trash—particularly not the dangerous stuff—and so we cleverly ship it off to other parts of the planet. A lot of it never gets there, it being more profitable to dump it into the oceans in transit…and you don't have to bother with a licence for that. But some of it arrives, licences having been granted in certain areas by greedy and corrupt birdbrains or dictators who have accepted large bribes to permit the poisoning of their countries.. That is why, for example, 40,000 tons of hazardous pesticides are lying around right now somewhere in Africa."
"Just like that?"
"Just like that, Jeremy. And we have many garbage dumps worldwide, believe me. Let me tell you about one that I have seen with my own eyes. It is located at the seaport of Manila in the Philippines. Smokey Mountain it's called. Smokey Mountain is a human version of hell. It is a stinking, noxious mountain of human waste, about 300,000 m2 in area at the time I saw it and 70 meters high. It reeks of death, of rotting animal flesh, of excrement, of sulphur, of whatever else you want. It is populated by a few hundred garbage dump dwellers: men, women and children, who scrape a living by wading through greyish-blue pools of unidentified slimy substances, collecting resaleable trash such as used condoms, or else burning tyres to extract the wire which sells for 30 cents per kilo. Smoke pollution, 35 degrees centigrade, high humidity, millions of disease-ridden flies. These people live in huts constructed out of garbage, and some of them are even born there, some marry there and some die there. They contract diseases of the lungs, of the eyes, of the skin, and worse things still."
"A man-made Hades?" proffered Jeremy.
"Yes, but don't worry, the elected clowns who created this situation have now had a wonderful idea to resolve it. They are going to close the dump and start shipping all the shit to an unpopulated, unspoiled island. They may already have started for all I know. A pity about all the poor animals on the island, but what the hell, life is tough. And then we have oil pollution."
"Oil pollution?"
"Yes, land-based oil pollution. This far exceeds the oil pollution of the oceans caused by oil tanker disasters, drilling platform catastrophes and so on. Vast swathes of land in countries like Russia, Nigeria and many others are polluted with oil. At the same time, a lot of this reaches the sea, about a million tons of it worldwide each year. Let me give you an insignificant example, Aserbaidschan. Aserbaidschan is a relatively small oil-producing country which still manages to run off about 100,000 tons per year of contaminated oil into the Caspian Sea. And as we stand at our gas station tanking up our car for €100, we don't see these local workers, who earn about €200 per month to pump the oil overflows into the stinking drainage ditches which traverse the blackened sludge of the silent and lifeless Baku landscape. Nor do we see the resulting deaths of millions of birds and marine life. The main thing is, we get to tank our car."
Including me of course.
"To summarize, Jeremy, we pollute everything everywhere. And garbage dumps are all over the planet. We even have one on the highest point of our planet, Mount Everest. There are an estimated 50 tons of garbage up there right now."
"O.K., I've got the picture. Do you think we could stop there and move on to the pollution of your oceans?"
Good. As usual, I was doing my best to give him his money's worth but, also as usual, the less time it took, so much the better.
"Right you are, Jeremy. First of all, you should know that we continue to poison our oceans by the minute. We shovel around 8 million tons of garbage, including toxic waste, into our seas every year. The cumulative effect of this is tremendous. The Pacific Ocean now has an area which is no more and no less than a floating sump of human garbage covering—it's a fact, check it out—over 1 million km2. And yes indeed, like everything else, it is growing. This causes the death of millions of marine life forms each year, including a million seabirds which swallow plastic refuse, seals which become entangled in objects such as beer crates, and so on and so forth. Even a small ocean such as the North Sea is fed about 30,000 tons of our ghastly mixtures every year. And then we have large amounts of radioactive nuclear waste lying around on our sea floors, some of which has already started to leak out into the sea. And then we have the ships."
"The ships?" asked Jeremy.
"Yes. Actually, the only ones I know a little bit about are cruise ships, floating hotels. These ships are far more polluting per passenger-kilometer than airplanes. Add to that the fact that many passengers fly to and from their departure and arrival ports, and you have a double effect. Most of these ships run on bunker fuel, the cheapest and dirtiest of fuel oils, and they discharge about 800 million liters of oily bilge water per year into the oceans. They also produce over 6 billion liters of sewage per year, 30 billion liters of polluted water (from showers, galleys, laundries and so on) and 100 thousand liters of hazardous wastes including, for example, used cooking oil. They also poison the atmosphere with untold amounts of sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions from their engines. And there are hundreds of these cruise ships travelling non-stop around our oceans."
"And all of this is merely because some of you prefer to spend your vacation time in a hotel which floats, rather than in one which doesn't?"
"Yes, that is correct. There is no other reason whatsoever. But to all of this we have to add the numbers for the untold thousands of freighters, tankers, warships, ferries, research and exploration ships, fishing fleets, private yachts and so forth. I am afraid I am unaware of the statistics for them all. Not that it matters. The effect of all of these activities is catastrophic. We are turning our oceans into stinking, deadly swamps and we are poisoning millions of fish and ocean mammals every year. And even the Arctic ice will have completely disappeared long before I am dead."
"And nobody is doing anything about this either?"
"No, Jeremy. Certainly there are the blind optimists. And there are the elected clowns as usual with their international conferences, their platforms for arguing and arguing and arguing. In fact they have been holding meetings and muttering to each other for decades, but they can't agree on anything, or at least not on anything effective, and so everything has got worse and worse and continues to get even worse than that. The usual."
"Hmm…could we move on to air, do you think?"
"Our atmosphere? Yes indeed. Our atmosphere, which by the way is 78% nitrogen, is very thin. There is actually no definite boundary between our atmosphere and outer space, but something called the Kármán line is generally accepted as the limit, about 100 kilometers from the planet's surface. In other words, you could drive up there in a car and arrive in under an hour. Except you can't of course because of gravity. But that part of the atmosphere in which we could actually survive is only about 10 kilometers thick; in other words you could drive up there and also drive back in around 10 minutes. Not that we could survive at all if we weren't lucky enough to have a layer of ozone in our atmosphere which filters the sun's deadly ultraviolet rays. Without that we would all be dead. But, if you can believe it, we are destroying that as well."
"What is ozone?" Jeremy asked.
"Ozone is something which is produced when ultraviolet light strikes two-oxygen atoms and splits them into individual atoms. These two types of atom combine and absorb up to 99% of the sun's ultraviolet light which is highly dangerous to exposed life forms on our planet. The ozone layer is in our stratosphere, only about twenty to thirty kilometers from the planet's surface."
Jeremy took off his jacket, hung it on the back of a chair. Adjusted his tie, walked over to the window and stared out at the boring view of the building opposite.
"Fortunate," he said.
"Fortunate indeed. So…not content with the highly intelligent activities I have already spoken about so far this afternoon, Jeremy, we are at the same time pursuing another highly intelligent activity, namely, we are knowingly and consciously undertaking the terminal destruction of our planet's lungs. Our planet's very thin and fragile lungs."
"It doesn't surprise me," said Jeremy. I don't think anything surprises him anymore.
"I'll start off with the deforestation of the planet," I began. "We have already made great steps in this direction and, as usual, we are accelerating our activities still further. For example, in the past three decades alone we have destroyed 70% of all the forests in Asia. Three decades to decimate forests which have been around for over 50 million years. And if we want to take South America, over 20,000 km2 of rain forest are destroyed in Brazil alone each and every year. Each year. 20,000 km2, Jeremy. This is mainly achieved through thousands and thousands of man-made fires, all easily visible as a myriad of red points on our satellite photography. Fire, you see, is the easiest and cheapest way to in which to turn these areas into agricultural land."
"I believe it," said Jeremy. Could it be that Jeremy had advanced from his lack of surprise and indifference to the glorious and wondrous world of cynicism?
"Yes, well, Brazil is only an example. Colossal deforestation occurs around the globe, North America, you name it. In fact the country which releases more carbon dioxide through deforestation than any other country on the planet is Indonesia. And apart from destroying our atmosphere, we are also destroying the habitats of our poor, helpless animals and birds including truly magnificent animals. One of my favorites, the South American jaguar, is slotted to be the next one to become extinct, the latest victim of the human extermination factories. It is in its final death throes."
"But you mentioned your satellite photography. What do your politicians do when they see the photographic proof of all of this?"
"They do the same as they always do, Jeremy. They spend decades holding meetings and muttering to each other, creating a few agreements here and there to do something about it at some point in time in the future—on those few occasions when they can agree, that is, and without of course the agreement of certain major powers in any case—and then they all get up, highly contented, extremely self-satisfied and feeling oh, so very proud of themselves, a job well done old chap, and pollute their way back again to their various homes around the planet."
"The same as usual. O.K.," said Jeremy. "But what I don't understand, they must surely be aware of what is happening to your atmosphere—your very thin atmosphere as you correctly described it?"
"Oh yes, they are aware, and that is the paradox. The clowns are in possession of all the scientific data regarding the effects of industrial pollution, deforestation, travel, transport and so on and they know exactly what is happening."
"Travel and transport?"
"Oh yes, those as well. We now have over 1 billion land vehicles on the planet. Of these, an average of 150 million are underway at all times, day and night, burning fossil fuels, polluting the atmosphere."
"Now that is a huge amount of pollution. Non-stop, did you say?"
"Non-stop. Permanently. Day and night. And at the same time, Jeremy, there are over 40 million airplane flights per year; that is over 100,000 flights per day; more than one flight per second. In other words, there are between 10,000 and 15,000 planes in the air at all times, massively polluting our excruciatingly thin atmosphere, without pausing for breath if you will forgive the pun. From this source alone, a billion liters of kerosene and 650 million tons of carbon dioxide per year. And a lot of this is totally unnecessary. We transport football teams across continents to world championships, European championships, South American championships, African championships, and even 'friendly' test games go intercontinental. In addition to the national teams, we also do this for individual club championships: you name it, football teams, handball teams, basketball teams, volleyball teams, hockey teams, cycle-racing teams, squash teams, badminton teams, swimmers, skiers, ski-jumpers, tennis players, track athletes, horses and their riders, Formula I drivers and their cars, truck racers and their trucks, rally drivers and their cars and/or their motorbikes—I would need half an hour to give you a complete list of everything, Jeremy. And all of that is accompanied by thousands of trainers, managers, mechanics, medics, and others—and of course, masses of spectators, family members, T.V. crews, journalists and so on. And this is all multiplied by the U21 teams, the U19 teams, the U17 teams and—believe me, Jeremy—the U15 teams."
I paused. Anything else? Oh yes, plenty. The money is good, I'll give him his money's worth every time.
"We also transport tons of chicken feet from, for example, the U.S.A. and Europe to China."
"Chicken feet?"
"Yes, we would normally throw them away here but the Chinese like them. Whether it's the poor Chinese, because chicken feet don't cost much, or whether it's because they are a delicacy there, I am not quite sure. But someone figured out that there was business to be done, so there you go. Same as the turtles."
"The turtles?"
"River turtles, Jeremy, the Chinese like them as well. So much, in fact, that they have just about killed off all of the turtles to be found in their rivers and so the U.S.A. does them the favor of selling them tons and tons of turtles every year, so that they can continue to enjoy their turtle soup. But we pollute the air with thousands of other ridiculous transport activities, Jeremy. It would really take me a lot of time to mention them all, the ones I know about, that is. So, if I may, let me turn to another very major item, manufacturing plants. Industrial air pollution."
"O.K., O.K., Peter, I assume that that is presumably getting out of control as well. I think I have the overall picture well enough, thank you. Do you think you could just round off the subject for me with a brief summary of what you are doing about it, I mean to try and stop it all? I mean, I know you told me about what you are not doing, but someone must be doing something, something effective, surely?"
"We are doing virtually nothing, Jeremy. We can't even take the first few baby steps, like stopping car and truck racing. It would be easy enough you might think, surely our species has a few thousand other things with which to amuse itself? Non-polluting things? Well, no…the answer is no."
"But you are aware of how thin and fragile your atmosphere is, and that there are now over 7 billion of you polluting it?"
"Yes, we are aware. Some of us, anyway, and certainly those in charge, the elected clowns. They have in fact made a draft of another of those useless agreements I told you about. They have decided it would be a good idea to limit our activities in order to prevent the increase in our planet's temperature from exceeding an additional 2 degrees. Not to prevent any further increase, mark you, let alone—heaven forbid—to reduce it. But the whole thing is useless and laughable anyway. The agreement is due to be ratified in the year 2020, by which time, at the current accelerating pollution and population rates, we will have exceeded the intended limit before the agreement even comes into effect. If it ever does of course—that is yet another of those 'agreements' in which certain major polluting countries have refused to participate."
"Again," said Jeremy.
Amazing, isn't it? Frankly, and maybe no-one would agree with me, but if you were to relegate all participating birdbrains to a secure, padded and sound-proofed meeting room in an institute of their choice for the mentally ill, and place them under the chairmanship of, say, a mixed Iranian/Syrian/North Korean coal miners' association, the results would not be much different.
"Again," I replied. "And so here we are still in springtime, and we have already emitted another 14 billion tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere since the beginning of the year."
"Did you say 14 million or billion?
"Billion, Jeremy. 14 billion tons."
"In just a few months?"
"Yes."
"And you know that your atmosphere is only 100 kilometers thick." Jeremy sighed. He was sounding somewhat bewildered again. "Amazing. Interesting. Extraordinary. Well…I think I have enough data on this section to do my research on, and so perhaps we could call it a day. Enough is enough, as you say."
"No Jeremy," I said. "With all due respect, enough is not enough. There is more."
"Not enough?"
"Not enough, because we do not only pollute our planet and its atmosphere. Oh no. We don't stop there."
"Alright, Peter. Tell me, tell me."
"Well, we worked out how to deal with gravity and we can now orbit our planet, reach our one and only moon and in fact send devices to other planets, even to the end of our planetary system and beyond. And what does that mean? It means that in less than 50 years, we have, in our usual inimitable fashion, created a vast junkyard up there, 12,000 detectable pieces of scrap—detectable being a length of 8 centimeters or more—all zooming along at speeds of between 15,000 and 25,000 kilometers per hour. Not to mention the much larger number of undetectable pieces, all orbiting at the same speeds and therefore, irrespective of how small, equally capable of causing severe damage to a spacecraft, a satellite, or even the International Space Station which is orbiting at a distance of around 350 kilometers."
"And what exactly are these pieces of junk?"
"These pieces of junk are abandoned rocket stages, dead satellites and all kinds of miscellaneous scrap, including scrap left over from destructive 'tests' of anti-satellite weapons and chance collisions. Our scientists have determined as a mathematical fact that some of the smaller pieces of debris will soon be hitting larger objects and smashing them into hundreds of pieces, thereby exponentially increasing the probability of more such events. An accelerating chain reaction, in effect, threatening hundreds of satellites and anything else that dares to venture out there."
"And so what are you doing about it?"
"You would think, Jeremy, wouldn't you, that we would at least stop doing things to further aggravate the situation. But you would be wrong. Only recently, we fired a rocket into space to destroy an old weather satellite. The Chinese this time, testing a newly-developed anti-satellite weapon. The test was successful, and created over 1,000 new pieces of debris. At a height of about 800 kilometers, which means that the debris will remain in space for thousands or even millions of years."
"Garbage creation without garbage collection," said Jeremy.
"Yes, and you had better hope that we never discover how to travel throughout our galaxy, let alone to other galaxies. It wouldn't take us long to turn the whole universe into a huge, glorious, stinking, human-style shithouse."
"It sounds as if indeed it wouldn't," said Jeremy. "That is, in between taking time off now and again to kill each other, and presumably any other species you might happen to chance upon as well. But then, that is not of course going to happen."
"Maybe not, but it might."
"No, Peter, it won't. Either you manage to improve yourselves, mutate into a benevolent and caring species which will accordingly respect its environment and everything else, or the Governing Committee will take the necessary steps. In fact, it may do so anyway, in spite of what I might recommend even if we ever get to meet the U.K. prime minister, not to mention the world powers."
He certainly had everything worked out in his head. Did he make it all up as we went along, or had he created this whole delusion and all of its multitudinous details in advance? An interesting query, sure enough. Let me help him along.
"And how long do you think it will take for your committee to reach a decision?" I asked.
"Oh, I think they will decide within the next three weeks or so. That's quite fast for us. We live about fifteen times longer than you do—an average of around 1,200 of your planet years compared to, say, 80 years in your case."
"You live for 1,200 years! Well…and if you don't mind my asking, Jeremy, how old are you at this moment?"
"I am only 28 years old. Quite young, still a student."
"And so you only have another 1,172 years to go?"
Jeremy smiled. "More or less, yes; but then I, like you, will die."
You sure will, I thought to myself, and in your case while still believing that you've got over 1,100 years to go. He must have spent years developing this fantasy. I can imagine the psychiatrists drooling with delight when they eventually lay their hands on him again. If they ever manage to, that is.
"O.K.," I said, "so back to your Governing Committee. It could take a decision tomorrow if it wanted to?"
"It could, but it won't. My professor tells me they are prepared to wait and see if we have any success in getting the world's powers together."
"So that is at least is a small measurement of achievement? A brief delay?"
"Yes, Peter, but it doesn't get rid of the urgency in any way. In which regard, do you think we could have our meeting on the fifth agenda item fairly soon? The day after tomorrow, for example?"
"No problem, but I will be visiting Slough in the morning. It would have to be after lunch. Say around 2 p.m.?"
"Agreed. And hopefully the authorities will have contacted you again in the meantime and you can fill me in on what is, or is not going to happen."
"Will do, Jeremy. See you then."
I gave the small, frail-looking girl a big smile on the way out. Miss Monroe, sexy name. Could be another blinking red light to be checked out when I've finished with my Céline depression, who knows?

DAY 19
Same weather, a meteorological depression to match my emotional one. I decided not to go to work today; I would just bill about four hours or so for analytical tasks (never a good idea to overbill too much).
I decided to have breakfast in Curzon Street. I went down to the hotel breakfast room for a Lavazza first, and then headed out through the lobby. Little Miss Ugly was there, another big smile from her. And also there was Delsey himself, sitting in a lounge chair waiting for me. He stood up. "Good morning, Mr. O'Donaghue," he said with a smile, a morose one of course, but hey, a smile is a smile, good for him.
"Good morning, Mr. Delsey," I said. "Brought my mobile with you, have you?"
"Yes, of course," he said. "Please accept our apologies for the delay." And he took my phone out of his pocket and gave it to me.
"Find anything?" I asked.
"Nothing untoward, except for that Madeira number of course." He looked at me, not really expecting me to elaborate, and I didn't. I looked at the phone instead.
"Done anything to it?" I asked. Not that I really cared.
"Of course not, sir." Surprise, surprise, I have become a sir.
"In any case," he continued, "we would need approval to do something like that and, to be honest, we would have difficulty in justifying such a request at this stage."
"At this stage?"
"Well, Mr. O'Donaghue," he replied, "We don't know where all of this is going to lead us, do we? You have created waves, you and Mr. Parker, and you can't expect to be left to your own devices until we have got to the bottom of it, now can you?"
"No, I can't and no I don't. So why don't you tell me what you and your bosses are doing about it." The word 'why' does not imply a question. It is just that I am one of many who have adopted the American phrase 'why don't you' as a replacement for the simpler and more courteous word 'please'. I think the Americans find it useful for whenever they do not actually want to say 'please' to anybody. So do I.
"Yes, well, that is why I am here. Perhaps we could take a seat in the corner over there?"
We sat down, I didn't offer him coffee, I had just had one myself and another one was coming up soon. I looked over at the desk, Little Miss Ugly was watching. I gave her a broad smile, spread some more of that happiness.
"We had a meeting," he started off. "The aim was to try and involve a few of our top people and to persuade them in their turn to try and involve a minister or two, and then have you perform one or two of those telepathic events, possibly of a more momentous nature. I say of a more momentous nature, because if you have something for the prime minister's ears only, that is what it would take. At the same time, it would be necessary for Mr. Parker to be present in person."
He paused, looked at me with his half-wink. I didn't say anything.
"Well…I don't think you can understand how difficult this is. There are huge bureaucratic obstacles. There are a large number of ministries, there are secretaries of state, there are ministers, there are under-secretaries, there is the Attorney General's office, and there is a whole host of other high-ranking officials. Then we have ourselves, the police, and we are responsible to the Home Office, which is headed by the Home Secretary and five other ministers. As you may imagine, a complex labyrinth making it a long, long road to get anywhere near the prime minister. But we have our contacts. We have some tentative agreements with certain important persons to attend a one hour meeting on Thursday evening—provisional agreements you understand, and dependent upon your compliance with the conditions I have just mentioned. This meeting would be either at New Scotland Yard or in Whitehall."
"I have a couple of comments on that, Mr. Delsey. First of all, we can provide a couple of events, as you call them. No problem, providing you accept that they must cause no harm to man nor beast. But we have to be clear on one point. We are not a performing circus. There would be no more attempts to entertain you, your colleagues, or any ministers of any ilk. Either this meeting results in a direct meeting with the prime minister, or it's the end of the story. Finished. Fertig. Terminado. Fini. I therefore suggest that the prime minister be informed of what is going on before the Thursday meeting takes place. He should be prepared to take a yes or no decision immediately afterwards about a meeting with Mr. Parker, based on the comments he receives from you and your colleagues and from anybody else who deigns to turn up. And last but not least, Mr. Parker will not be attending this preparatory meeting. He will only meet directly with the Prime Minister himself."
Delsey seemed distinctly uncomfortable about this. He twisted in his chair, he plucked at his trousers—or pants if you are American and like ambiguities—he leaned forward, he wiped his brow, an additional sullenness formed to supplement his normal morosity, and he said in a gruff voice, "I'm afraid we're going to have to insist…"
"You are not going to have to insist on anything," I said. "I need an answer fast. Otherwise this ends right here and now and may God help you, if you happen to be a believer, because, mark my words, you will be needing it."
He considered this for a while. I could read his thoughts. On the one hand, there was a lunatic. On the other hand, there were certain undeniable powers floating around which could, if proven to be authentic ones, turn out be of earth-shaking importance to his country. And then, he had obviously been tasked with arranging this meeting.
"I will need to consult on this," he said. "We will get back to you later today, if you would be so kind as to keep your mobile within reach."
"We? And do you mind if I ask who might that be?"
"It will be me," he said. "I have now been assigned full-time to this case and am responsible for communication. In other words, I am your contact person."
And that was that. Off he went, and off I went, lighting up a cigarette as I headed for Half Moon Street. I bought the IHT at the tube station and ended up at the same café in which Jeremy had introduced himself to me nearly three weeks ago. I sat at the same outside table in fact, warm enough and no wind to complicate the turning of the newspaper pages.
And then I took a momentous decision.
I decided to give up croissants. They taste nice enough and they are not particularly heavy on the stomach, but basically they are a crescent-shaped product specifically designed by the French to crumble apart when you pick them up, and to collapse into a hundred pieces if you are foolish enough to try and do anything with them, such as spreading butter or marmalade on them. They also contain an average 34% of fatty oils. I ordered a couple of normal bread rolls and butter to go with the coffee and started on the IHT.
Debt crises continue down the road to their supernova, shares prices have fallen—I have recouped €15,000—and there were 280 conflict deaths yesterday. The only mild interest in the conflicts nowadays is the number of deaths; Syria of course has brought up the average in recent times. I skipped the boring articles on politicians arguing about this and arguing about that—this is my view, says the one of them…and this is my view says the other—and turned to the sports pages. Always interesting and today I read about the ongoing increase in bribery and corruption at all levels, up to and including the governing bodies, and the huge amounts of money, effort and time being expended in an attempt to at least limit the extent of drug usage in sport. Well, you wouldn't expect anything else, would you, these sporting activities are conducted by the human race on the planet Earth. Interesting of course, but no more than that. I can't even find the energy to say tut, tut or whatever.
I decided to check on the two small gifts I had ordered for Roger and Geoff at United Fasteners. I walked up to Berkeley Square, a small, pleasant square, home to Winston Churchill as a child and fictitious home to P.G. Wodehouse's Bertie Wooster and—may we never forget—his servant Jeeves. I turned east, crossed over Bond Street, and dropped into the small engraving establishment located just short of Regent Street.
No problems, ready for collection on Thursday morning as agreed. It had started to drizzle, so I caught a cab for the short trip back to the hotel. Whether I am being watched or not, I continue to neither know nor care.
Back in my room I pondered the events of the past few days. Things were not as simple as they had been at the outset. At the outset I had agreed to earn the ridiculous amount of €500,000 from a mentally sick person for merely participating in a number of interviews with him up to a maximum of twelve. Since then, I had agreed to cooperate in trying to obtain a meeting between this mentally sick person and the U.K. prime minister, no less. Admittedly with the assistance of some incredibly amazing mind-bending techniques of which this mentally sick person was unquestionably capable. And my total potential earnings, if I could still believe it, have risen to the nice round sum of €1 million. In return for which I now I had the authorities on my back.
So the question was, how to earn the remaining money while at the same time extracting myself completely and entirely from the attentions of the authorities. Well, let me do a chronological analysis. First of all I would have to attend this week's meeting, if it occurred, and hope that the pyrotechnics would be convincing enough to achieve the apparently impossible, namely a meeting between Jeremy and the prime minister. The latter would be under heavy security, no question about that, but then that wouldn't be my problem and in any case Jeremy can take care of himself like nobody else, using those inimitable powers of his, no doubt about that either.
Secondly, I had to attend my meeting with Jeremy tomorrow and, in order to comply with our agreement, such additional meetings as he may deem to be appropriate. Thirdly, nothing was going to make me change my plans to return to Okriftel this weekend. Monika's birthday was on the Sunday and on the Saturday I had to comply with my long-standing promise to the local mayor to give a simultaneous chess exhibition at the town's technical college. And for any meetings next week in London, I could just fly over.
And then I had a tentative agreement to start my Spanish project the week following. The question was, how to get there without the authorities being able to trace me? With all of today's technology and the global cooperation existing between national police forces, that might not be possible. They would find me if they wanted to, particularly as I had no intention of trying to disguise myself and no idea of how to go about obtaining false passports or driving licenses or other such skullduggery. And even if I did, forget it, I am not the detective-story type.
On the other hand, I could probably make it difficult for them, cause a few weeks' delay if I got lucky, by which time Jeremy would have had his meeting. Maybe the world's superpowers would be getting together as well, who knows? Jeremy's demonstrations might have achieved that before they decided to lock him up in a place devoted to advanced psychiatric care. Although I personally would be fascinated to see what happened if they were to attempt to do that. By which time, anyway, their interest in me would hopefully have evaporated or at least have transformed itself into a minor and minuscule concern.
I could drive to Barcelona for my initial meeting with Señor Pujol at his group's head office. No controls at the frontier. And better not to use my own car. Monika would love to swap hers with my Audi for a few weeks or, if not, she would allow me to pay for a rental car for myself in her name. Make it Hertz or Avis and then I could drop the car off at its destination. Or park it in the long-term car park at Barcelona airport. And then I could continue on to the loss-making shipping company's offices in Mallorca by taking the ferry to Palma as a foot passenger. My name would be on a ticket and end up in a computer databank somewhere, but as a risk, it was a calculated one. And once in Palma, I could disappear from the hotel after a few days and into an apartment. And no car, just taxis. And not an employee of the shipping company, and therefore not identifiable on its payroll.
And if it only worked for a short while, so be it, they would start bothering me again. Not that they could do much in my view. And by then I would hopefully have been paid anyway.
Which reminded me to log in and check on the latest €100,000. Not received. No sweat. I'll check again in the morning.
In the evening, Delsey called. The meeting was confirmed. Thursday at 5 p.m. in Whitehall, the Ministry of Defence. I should present myself at the northern entrance and Delsey would be waiting for me.

DAY 20
This morning was an easy morning—and a pleasing one.
I had breakfast, the good old Lavazza and the Chivers, went back to my room and checked my on-line bank account. The third payment of €100,000 had been credited. I was beginning to really appreciate Jeremy, a moral and virtuous person. I always hold people who are totally reliable in high regard, sane or otherwise. I put the money into Nestlé shares. A safe investment given the ever-increasing world population, all of whom need to eat and drink in order not to die, and more and more of whom can also afford quality products as the middle-class segment continues to grow in all of the world's new economies. Certainly, the shares can go up and down depending on the movements, violent or otherwise, of the world's markets, but, long-term, the demographic evolution will hold sway. And of course these shares have two additional advantages: they pay a decent dividend, regularly and continuously, and the shares move in line with the Swiss Franc, not the Euro. A good investment in uncertain times in my view. But of course you can never tell, the whole thing is just a big, crazy casino.
I then drove leisurely down to Slough and checked up on the progress at Clark's. Everything was proceeding satisfactorily, and at around midday Fred found me drinking coffee and smoking a cigarette while admiring yet again—such a minor item, but there you go—the yellow lettering on the dark red background of the new, shiningly clean sign outside the main entrance. Fred was also in cheerful mood. He told me the employees had voted a short while ago to accept the cuts in return for a review of the situation in twelve months' time and a job guarantee until then. Not a problem, he told me, the way things were going. The problem could actually turn out to be the other way round—how to meet increased production requirements without having to increase the workforce.
I told him I would be in tomorrow for the last time before converting to our new ad hoc arrangement. And then I drove back to London, parked the car at the hotel, took a cab to the Strand, had a sandwich, a coffee and a cigarette and, being a reliable person myself, walked into Jeremy's offices at just before 2 p.m. Jeremy and I complement each other in that respect, if not in other ways. Such as mental health.
The frail but sensuous Miss Monroe was at the expensive reception desk, the smile was warm, the walls were as white as before, the office furniture also, men and women were investing part of their lives—a large part of their short lives—staring at computer screens. Everything was the same. Including Jeremy, short blond hair, smiling moon-face, tailored suit, the exception being the tie, a beige and white striped one today.
"Good afternoon, Peter," he said, "I was hoping we could get started fairly promptly today. Lots of Obrix business to deal with, you know. Refreshments are on the table, just help yourself. And how are things with you?"
"Things are fine with me," I replied. A lie of course, because of Céline. "And thank you for the recent payment, much appreciated. I am trying to earn it as best I can. I have a meeting in Whitehall tomorrow evening. Quite a gathering, I believe. We will need to make another demonstration or two, perhaps including a very significant one. If we don't manage to totally convince them, we will never get as far as the prime minister. Or at the very least, it would take ages. Will that be possible?"
"No problem at all, Peter. And in any case, and whether they admit it or not, they must already have a tremendous interest in acquiring some kind of control over these computer-hacking abilities, as we refer to them. And if it takes a meeting with the prime minister to further that aim, then I am sure that that is exactly what they will arrange. As I have said, fear is our weapon. We will just have to scare them a bit, that's all. With no harm to anybody of course. And we'll let them choose, as usual. I am reasonably certain they will select something appropriate. Something convincing, and therefore scary."
He stood up, strolled over to the window, hands in his pockets, and looked out at the building opposite. He was in a distinctly relaxed and easy mood this morning.
"Just use our mobile again," he said, "to let me know what is needed. If they try to take it from you, no problem. They can't do anything with it. But I don't think they will, not at this stage. And now…perhaps you could fill me in on the subject of beliefs and superstitions?"
He came back to the table and sat down, poured himself a coffee and gave me that pleasant smile of his again. I took a deep breath, something I have done a thousand times during these sessions, here we go again, another description of what we get up to on this planet of ours.
"I think I will provide you with a brief prologue, Jeremy," I began, "before I start dealing with the facts of our beliefs, religions and superstitions per se. And I will stick to the facts, by the way, those that I know about anyway. And please bear in mind that not only am I a cynic, I am also an agnostic. And so irrespective of any views I may or may not hold, I neither believe nor disbelieve in anything which I am unable to substantiate."
"A personal characteristic with whose logic I fully concur," said Jeremy. "We will just be dealing with the facts then."
"There are certain proven realities," I said, "of which we are well aware, Jeremy. We are aware, for example, of the fact that the universe—the one we know about, that is—is approximately 13.7 billion years old. And we know that the Earth was formed from a coagulation of rocks and dust just over 4 billion years ago. We also know that the human animal, by which I mean the 'anatomically' modern human animal, evolved about 200,000 years ago in the region we now call Africa. And that that was the moment when, among other things, modern speech skills began their prolonged development. And by about 50,000 years ago, evolution had produced the 'behaviorally' modern human animal, whose communication methods were eventually to balloon into an estimated 500,000 languages, of which, however, only about 4,000 are still in use today."
"You, as a species, still use 4,000 different languages? Today? In other words, you still can't all communicate with each other?"
"That is so, I'm afraid. For example, the most linguistically complex nation on the planet is Papua New Guinea, which has over 700 languages in active use today for a population of only 7 million."
"An average of one language per 10,000 inhabitants?"
"Yes. But then, most of the world's languages are very localized ones. Nobody really concerns himself with the fact that the population of Udmurtia, an area in the western Ural mountain region of Russia, speaks Udmurtian. You could say that nowadays we have about thirty languages or so in use by the most important population groups, although some of these groups are quite small: Greece, Holland or Croatia for example. I mention the speech skills because they are one of several attributes which distinguish the human animal from the other animals on our planet, and we need to be able to understand that if we are going to talk about beliefs and how they have been able to grow and form an integral part of our social structure."
"Fair enough," said Jeremy, "I am listening."
"Human beings are one of what we call the 'mirror-test' group of animals, namely higher-level animals capable of recognizing themselves in a reflection of themselves. Most humans achieve this capability at around the age of eighteen months. Modern anthropology supports the Darwinian theory that the difference between human minds and other 'mirror-test' animal minds is one of degree and not of kind. In other words, our brains are not 'different'; the human one just happens to be more advanced. Similar as to how you describe your brain, Jeremy, when comparing it to ours."
Jeremy raised his eyebrows, ran his hand through his hair, and smiled.
I continued. "Many religious doctrines, however, reject this outright, stating that our brains are indeed different and that they are also supplemented by something called a 'soul', best described as a nebulous and disembodied spirit whose existence, needless to say, cannot be proven but must be believed in."
"And so where is this taking us, Peter?"
"It is taking us to the fact that the human being is notable, among other things, for his desire, inane or otherwise, to explain all phenomena, including the inexplicable. And these sophisticated communication skills, in both verbal and written form, enable us to interchange ideas, perceptions and abstract thoughts in general on just about all subjects. And not only interchange—we frequently want others to agree with our own personal views and sometimes we actually compel them to do so, using either force or propaganda. And we do all of this using specific tools, namely philosophy, mythology, the sciences, mass slaughter—including religious wars—and, last but not least, religion itself."
"Ah, we have finally arrived at the subject itself."
"Yes, and I'll get straight to it, don't worry. Religion is a 'belief' system, as opposed to a knowledge-based system. The belief is directed towards a sacred, divine or supernatural concept and the object of that belief can be a god, or a group of multiple deities, or a non-theistic concept such as karma. The majority of humans today belong to one of the monotheistic, or single deity, religions, the two most important ones being Christianity and Islam. The Hindus, who constitute the planet's third largest religion, believe in 33 gods. In fact there are still some Hindus who refuse to believe in a transcription error in their holy scriptures and they continue to believe that there are some 33 million gods."
"Interesting. Different opinions."
"Yes, and there are plenty of those, Jeremy. All of these religions are subdivided into differing sects and sub-sects and sub-sub-sects, hundreds of them—and that is not an exaggeration by the way. Protestants, Catholics, Muslims, Methodists, Baptists, Anglicans, Mormons, Greek Orthodox, Jews, Presbyterians, Sunnites, Shiites, Wahabistic, Salafistic, and a whole host of others, take your pick. Each of these groups and sub-groups has different interpretations, traditions and rites relating to their overall belief. These religions also have their own 'prophets', some shared, some not, whose preaching was what created the religions in the first place, and why they came into existence. One of the most recent founding prophets was a person called Joseph Smith Jr., the creator of Mormonism in the 1820s, although that particular Christian sect has had several more prophets and apostles since then, including the ones still alive today. Mormonism itself happens to be a branch of the Latter Day Saint Movement, another Christian sect, but we don't need to go into those kind of details today, Jeremy. We would never finish."
"Quite. You humans certainly know how to complicate everything. But tell me, what exactly is it that these belief systems offer you?"
"Offer?"
"Yes. I mean, there must be some incentive to cause people to want to believe, mustn't there?"
"Yes…I see what you mean. Well, I suppose you could say that the incentive is that you are told that you are not actually going to die. That is the main prize."
"That sounds nice."
"It may sound nice, Jeremy, but it is a double-edged sword. It relies on the carrot and the stick theory, as you will see."
O.K., go ahead."
"My pleasure. Let me take Christianity first. This religion is based on the belief that God created the human race a long time ago and after a few hundred thousand years determined that things had not gone the way he had intended them to. So much so, that he (whichever sub-sect's version of 'he' you prefer) decided to send his son to the planet as a human being—or at least in the form of a human being—in order to fix things, or at least to try. The son would be called Jesus and the decision was taken that he would be born as an illegitimate child and on top of that, he would not have a human father. A biological one, that is."
"Why?"
"Why what?"
"Why would he send his son in human form, and why would his parents not be married, and why would he have no biological father?"
"I don't know."
"But you believe that's how it was?"
"Jeremy, I need to insist that I am an agnostic. I am just sticking to the facts as I was taught them. I neither believe nor do I disbelieve. I just don't know. And therefore, yes, I hold it to be perfectly possible."
"But why do it in this constellation, in this particular way?"
"I don't know."
"O.K. Please continue."
"Well, the son was born and was murdered at a relatively young age by the humans whose ways he had been sent to try and change. Actually, to remain absolutely faithful to the religious doctrine, he was murdered by the humans he had been sent to try and SAVE."
"So do I understand that he didn't actually manage to save you?"
"No. But his father is a very benevolent God and so we were allowed to continue living and retain our chances of being saved on the condition that we modified our activities accordingly—or at least apologized and repented for not doing so.."
"Chances of being saved? From what?"
"From hell. From eternal fire. From eternal damnation. From eternal torture."
"Eternal torture? That is a particularly vicious and vindictive invention, don't you think? "
"Yes. Although I understand that in some versions you can get lucky and end up in some kind of a halfway house."
"But to be tortured for eternity is a monstrous penalty to have to pay. That's not even just a life sentence which would be bad enough, don't you think? How do you explain that? I thought you said he is a benevolent God."
"I don't know. I can't explain it. Others could."
"Yes…well, I can imagine that the explanation is a somewhat complicated one."
I decided to stick my oar in for a bit of fun. "Why?" I asked. "You are just the same. In fact, you are very similar to God. You place the responsibility on us. We have to change ourselves. You say you are a benevolent species, but if we don't become like you, if I understood you correctly, you probably intend to go ahead and eliminate us. That's not very nice either, is it?"
"Ah yes, but there are two major differences. First of all, we don't claim to have created you. And secondly, with us, at least some of you would have lived for a large number of years and as for your future generations, well…they would quite simply never be born. But there is no torture involved at all, and certainly no eternal torture. Perish the thought. Why would anyone want to do that?"
"I don't know," I admitted. "Nevertheless, a direct threat does have the effect of creating fear. Perhaps the Christian religion and maybe other religions need to operate on that basis. What do you think?"
"I have no idea," said Jeremy, "why do you ask?"
"Well, you can believe something simply because you want to, or because you have been told to, or because you have been brainwashed into it, or because you have been forced into it, or because a fear was created about what will happen to you if you don't believe. Or at least, let us say, if you don't comply, or try to comply, with the doctrines. You see, Christianity is based on a totally different doctrine to the one in the Frankenstein tale."
"The Frankenstein tale?"
"Yes, in that story, Frankenstein discovered how to create a human being in a laboratory. But he made some mistakes and the human being became an out-of-control monster. But the blame belonged, fairly logically, to Frankenstein, and not to his creation. Christianity, on the other hand, preaches that we are the ones to blame, not the God who created us. So perhaps we can only be brought into line through fear."
"Who knows?" said Jeremy. "What is your view?"
"Again, I don't know. Therefore I have no view."
"Well, then could we continue with the history please?"
"Yes, of course. Many centuries subsequent to Jesus' murder, his mother, Mary, was apparently put to work."
"Put to work?"
"Well, in the sense that she has apparently been trying to achieve some of the things that were not achieved before. She has appeared supernaturally several times on our planet. She has appeared in five different places in France, two in Belgium, one in Mexico, one in Japan, one in Italy, and a total of five times in a single place in Portugal, the town of Fatima, although my divinity instruction did not make it clear to me as to why this particular town required so much attention. At least, those are the apparitions I understand to have been approved by the Vatican."
"Approved by the Vatican?"
"Yes, the Vatican is the center of power for the Catholic version of Christianity. They have a classification system for Mary's apparitions; approved apparitions, non-approved apparitions and rejected apparitions. Of the sites of the non-approved apparitions, I recall England, Spain, Egypt, Ireland, Poland, Slovakia, Croatia, Nicaragua and a town called (believe it ir not) Rome City in Indiana, USA. There are probably more."
"And the approved apparitions were witnessed by lots of people?"
"No, actually not. Usually just by one individual or by a small group. And mainly children, by the way, and mainly only during the past two or three centuries. The apparition in Lourdes, France, for example, was seen by a 14 year old girl in the year 1858. Actually, this girl had eighteen visions overall. Three shepherd children witnessed the apparitions in Fatima, Portugal, during the First World War. The two apparitions in Belgium occurred shortly before the outbreak of World War II and were witnessed respectively by a young girl, who had eight visions overall, and by five children aged between nine and fifteen years old. But adults have also had these visions. The one near Akita in Japan, for example, was witnessed by a nun in the year 1973, and a statue of the Virgin Mary on that site also wept tears on 101 occasions until 1980, at which point in time it apparently stopped."
"Why?"
"Why what?"
"Why did the statue stop weeping?"
"I don't know."
"Well, why did it start weeping in the first place?"
"I don't know."
"O.K., but then why were these particular locations chosen for the apparitions?"
"I don't know that either. Another of my knowledge gaps."
"But you personally believe in these occurrences, the approved ones at least?"
"No, but I don't disbelieve them either, Jeremy. These are apparently factual events. I simply don't know."
"So…if I understand you correctly, Christianity deems the life of Jesus and the apparitions of his mother to have been reasonably successful as regards improving you and your species?"
"Yes. That is the belief of the Christians. However, a lot of non-Christians hold the view that nothing was achieved. They hold the view that the human race merely deteriorated further in the twenty centuries following the birth of Jesus, and, what's more, in accelerated form. They cite the increase in mass slaughter—war, civil war, genocide, ethnic cleansing, and they cite the increase in individual crimes—murder, rape, theft, drugs, torture and so on. And as further proof they state that the horrific activities of the most recent century far exceeded the activities of all the previous ones: the two world wars, the death factories, the manufacture of thermo-nuclear weapons and all of the rest I mentioned to you in our meeting on that particular subject."
"And which view is the correct one, do you think?"
"I don't think, Jeremy. I just recount the facts. You can adopt whichever view you prefer."
"Very well," he said. "I must say that by sticking to the facts in these interviews, and avoiding opinions, you are making it much easier for me. There is no clouding of the issues. Could we possibly move on to the next one?"
"Certainly we can. The next one is Islam."
"A bit of a recapitulation before you start, if I may," interrupted Jeremy, "you are an agnostic and you therefore accept the fact that the Christian religion may be the explanation for all things, the truth?"
"Correct."
"And do I assume correctly, Peter, that this is also your view regarding the Islamic religion?"
"Your assumption is correct."
"O.K., I just wanted to make sure I had got it right. Please fire away."
"Islam is a religion," I said, "which emerged some fourteen centuries ago in the area inhabited by the so-called lizard-eaters of the Arabian peninsula. It is based on a series of prophets, the last and greatest of which, according to the Islamic bible, the Koran, was Abu al-Qasim Muhammad ibn Abd Allāh ibn Abd al-Muttalib Ibn Hāshim ibn Abd Manāf akl Quraschī."
"Long name," said Jeremy.
"Quite. He is referred to simply as Mohammed in our part of the world and in fact his name, with spelling variations, is now the most popular name given to new-born babies here in the U.K.—ahead of Jack, Harry and Oliver. Mohammed was born in Mecca, in the Saudi Arabian desert, around 570 years after Jesus Christ. In his early years he was an analphabetic and a shepherd boy, but he was given some education later on by certain members of his family and eventually declared himself at the age of forty or thereabouts to be a prophet of Allah, as the Islamic God is called. This did not meet with everybody's approval and after several antagonistic years he was more or less obliged to flee with a small group of followers to the city of Medina—as it is now called—at the age of fifty two. In fact the year 622 became the 'year zero' in the Islamic calendar."
"So you have different calendars on your planet also."
"Yes, we do. Now Mohammed continued preaching his religious philosophies and at the same time gradually formed a coalition of local tribes in the Medina area. He then began an eight-year conflict—which involved plenty of slaughter—to fight his way over the 450 kilometers back to Mecca and conquer it. Quite a feat, if you think about it, an army of poorly trained, unprofessional soldiers defeating the powers of the time, the Bezantines and the Sassanids among others."
"Eight years for 450 kilometers."
"Right, but don't forget the times we are talking about. Right now, they are planning the construction of a high-speed railway line between the two cities and that would have allowed Mohammed to cover the distance in around two hours."
"So Allah was, so to speak, a new God?"
"Yes and no," I replied. "There are many experts who describe Christianity and Islam as sister religions. Certainly many of the personages in the Bible and the Koran are the same, including Old Testament personages, and their existence is acknowledged by both religions. This includes Jesus and his mother Mary, by the way, although Islam describes Jesus as being more a kind of apostle than a prophet. That is why Mohammed changed the direction of prayer away from Jerusalem and toward Mecca, by the way."
"He did?"
"Yes, he did.
"So what are the big differences?"
"There are no big differences. Just the minor ones of some humans kneeling when praying, others close to full stretch on the ground, others sitting, and others, including priests, pray standing up. Some face east, some look at the ground, and some face the sky (for example, certain soccer players as they make the sign of the crucifix after scoring a goal).
"No, I meant the big differences between the religions, Peter."
"Oh. My apologies. Well, there are equally as many experts who say that these are not sister religions, nor are their gods the same. These experts state that there are three major differences. The first one is that, for the Christians, their God is a Triune God, a three-in-one God, consisting of God himself, his Son—who appeared on Earth in human form—and something called the Holy Ghost."
"The Holy Ghost? What is that?"
"I don't know."
"O.K. I'll look it up."
"In contrast, Mohammed was definitely a human being, rather than someone in human form, and he was not the son of the Islam God, Allah, who has never had any sons at all. Nor does Allah have any other partner within his domain. Mohammed, coincidentally, also had no sons, although he certainly married. In fact, he married eleven or twelve times.
"Hmm…"
Yes…now the second major difference, according to these experts, is that in the Christian religion you attain salvation—you are saved—if you don't sin. You are also saved if you do sin but then repent and request forgiveness, sincerely of course, of God and his Son. The Islamic Koran, on the other hand, says that your way to salvation is attained if your good deeds on this planet heavily outweigh your other deeds."
"According to all of these particular experts."
"Yes, according to all of these particular experts. At the same time, good deeds and bad deeds are classified in a different manner. For example, Islamic law (Sharia) says that men are superior to women and may use physical violence against their wives if they do not behave in certain matters as the men would like them to. Under the same law, the penalty for a wife who commits adultery is death at the hands of the state. Death by stoning, no less, although nicer methods of execution are also allowed by certain of the Islamic sub-sects of which, by the way, there are over one hundred. Recently, a young woman was stoned to death for having had sex with three men. She claimed that the three men had raped her, but she couldn't prove it, so it was bad luck for her."
"Not very compassionate."
"No. But there is some kind of compassion. For example, another woman recently sentenced to death by stoning for adultery was allowed to have her death delayed until she had finished the breast-feeding of her newly-born child."
"Hmm…"
"Men, on the other hand, are permitted to have several wives."
"That doesn't seem fair."
"Oh, I don't know, it's in line with biological principles, among other things."
"Biological principles?"
"Yes. Now let me see, what would be an easy way to explain it? O.K…we will put ten cows into a field together with a single bull. But we will not put ten bulls into a field together with just one cow. The latter would be unnatural. It would also have disastrous consequences. It's a biological matter. The male animal, in general, is not a monogamous animal."
"So you agree with Islamic law in this case?"
"I neither agree nor disagree. Nor am I saying that the marriage law is based on purely sexual motives. There are other motives for marriage. Mohammed himself married some of his soldiers' widows in order to take over the responsibility for providing for them. So let us just say that I understand it, that I accept it."
"And the third big difference?"
"And the third big difference, according to these very same experts, is between the religions' scriptures themselves and what they preach. But on this, these particular experts are wrong. It's the other way round. The scriptures' teachings are in fact very similar."
Is that an opinion of yours, Peter, or is it a fact?"
"It is a fact."
"That means that you are personally acquainted with the complete content of both these scriptures?"
"Yes. I have read the Christian Bible and I have read the Islamic Koran. Both were actually compiled and collected—collated might be a better word—by human beings following the respective deaths of Jesus and Mohammed. The main subject dividing the opinions of the different groups of experts is the subject of tolerance. Tolerance toward others and, specifically, tolerance toward other religions—in other words, toward the 'non-believers' of each respective religion."
"But the scriptures are similar, you say?"
"Yes. If you read the Koran, you will find several passages which preach tolerance toward other religions and, furthermore, you will find that Allah is prepared to 'forgive' non-believers for not believing, on the condition, however, that they are prepared to repent and reject their previous beliefs. Nevertheless, there are also passages in the Koran, including the final teaching on this subject, which clearly state that Islam should be imposed by the use of force against all non-believers. A form of 'Jihad' is justified against the list of 'Unbelievers' (who are hence the enemies of Allah) and the list includes not only pagans but also Christians and Jews."
"And the Christian Bible contains similar views?"
"Absolutely. Similar views or similar paradoxes, you might say. On the one hand, we have the 'turn the other cheek' passages and Jesus is quoted as telling us to 'love your enemies, do good to them which hate you, bless them that curse you, and pray for them which despitefully use you'. However, most Christians largely ignore this and follow the 'eye for an eye and tooth for a tooth' principle, also to be found in The Bible. Same paradoxes."
"Did you say that the Christians largely ignore the love-your-enemy teachings?"
"Indeed I did and indeed they do, and fortunately so in some cases. Otherwise, Hitler, or rather his successors, would currently be reigning supreme. The Holocaust murderers would not have been executed and their successors would have continued to apply their grisly skills to even broader swathes of the human population, and we would all—those of us allowed to survive, that is—be eating sauerkraut right now, a food which I personally happen to detest."
"Ah hah, a joke."
"Yes, Jeremy, but there have also been a lot of unfortunate examples of human beings using force—in particular, to impose their chosen religions on other members of the species. The Christian Crusades, The Christian Inquisitions, the Christian missionaries including the Protestants introducing the 'Word of God' into North America by committing genocide against hundreds of Indian tribes, and of course we have the Islamic Holy Wars. And we don't stop there, we also have the use of force between the religious sub-divisions, the Catholics versus the Protestants in Northern Ireland, the Sunnites versus the Shiites, and all the rest of them."
"So the two religions share a lot of similarities…"
"Yes, but there are also plenty of dissimilarities, and these are not confined to who is the true God or the true prophet or whatever."
"For example?"
"For example, a Christian, even a priest, is allowed to change his religion if he wishes to. This is not the case with Islam—worse still, the penalty is death. I remember reading the tale of Yousef Nadarkhani, an Iranian priest, married and the father of two sons, who converted from Islam to Christianity and was subsequently arrested (in the year 2009) at the age of 32, and thrown into jail. The following year he was condemned to death by an Islamic court. Thanks to external political pressures, he was given another year to revert back to Islam or be executed. I don't know what eventually happened in his case, but one thing is for sure, Jeremy, religion by force is still alive and well on our planet."
"Difficult to believe."
"Maybe, but simple to check out. The easiest way is via the Internet. You will find hundreds of examples of the similarities and dissimilarities between these two religions. But perhaps I should just move on and tell you something about another religion, this time a smaller one. The Sikhs, for example. Their god says they mustn't cut their hair, although doubt still remains as to which of the various reasons given for this is the correct one. They wrap it all up in a cloth of about 5 meters in length. This cloth is called a turban. It also supposedly pressures the 26 bones of the skull, thus permitting the brain to concentrate more closely on spiritual thoughts. So I am told."
"Yes," said Jeremy hastily, "But I don't think we need to go through any of your minor religions, Peter." He tugged at his shirt cuffs, fingered his cufflinks. Nervous. Had a business appointment soon perhaps.
"O.K. The third largest religion on our planet is Hinduism."
"No…no thank you, Peter. I think I have the general idea. One could say that each of these beliefs originated via a single human being—or perhaps, in the case of Jesus, a being in human form—who lived and travelled around the desert. Jesus stated that there was only one God and that he was his son. And Mohammed said that no, Jesus wasn't God's son at all. On the other hand God had spoken to him, Mohammed, when he got to be around forty years old, and he in fact was the true prophet of God. Of Allah."
"Yes, that is a fair summary."
"But in both cases you only have their word for it."
"That is so."
"And your species believes that what these two persons said about themselves is in fact true."
"Not quite. Some believe in the one, some believe in the other, and some believe in other ones. Some don't believe in any of them. Our species is divided on this."
"O.K. But the ones who believe don't actually know if it's true for a fact.
"No, of course they don't. If they knew, they wouldn't be able to believe. In fact belief would be redundant. Religion depends on belief—believing what you're told."
"O.K. So, sticking to the two big religions, the differing claims of the two main personages you mentioned have been perpetuated since then by other human beings who felt it was their responsibility to do so. But I have a couple of questions."
"Go ahead."
"If I understand correctly," continued Jeremy, "these religions state that God or Allah created the human animal, an animal which not only slaughters itself—war, murder, abortion, suicide—but also other animals, which in turn slaughter others, and so on in an intricate chain of non-stop death right down to the spider killing the fly. A ghastly Planet of Death, one might say, on a daily basis. Now why would God or Allah or someone else want to create something like that?"
"Well, some of it is what we like to call the 'food chain', Jeremy, and this is a nourishment system created by whichever god you happen to believe in," I said. "But the answer to your question is that I don't know."
"You don't know. Well. He, God or Allah, apparently also created you and the other animals as creatures requiring oxygen to breathe, water to remain hydrated, fuel to renew energy (food you call it), systems to continuously remove all of these things after use—lungs, bladders, intestines and sphincters—and then bones, muscles and nerves to provide mobility, other complicated organs such as livers, kidneys and genitals, a system of neurons and electrical impulses to direct your actions, an entire arrangement of major and minor pipes to irrigate all the working parts with a mysterious fluid called blood, a pump to circulate that mysterious fluid, and so on. And the whole caboodle is inhabited by bacteria, full of defects and open to disease, cancer, breakdowns, suffering, death, cessation. Now why would anyone want to create something as complicated as that?"
"I don't know."
"And you were also designed to have to spend a third of your existence in a state of unconsciousness—sleep as you call it—and if you don't, you die. Now, what purpose could anyone possibly have had in wanting to create that?"
"I don't know."
"You don't know, but you hold everything to be possible?
"Yes, and for that very reason—I don't know. I don't have the required information to reject the possibility of anything at all, nor to query why anyone might want to create anything in the first place. I have no idea."
"How about the Big Bang as an explanation?"
"I don't reject that either. I just don't know. It could be possible, but again, I don't have the necessary information to understand how something which didn't exist in the first place could then explode. There must have been something there beforehand."
"Oh yes, and indeed there was, Peter. Let me enlighten you on that. There have been countless big bangs in fact, over a period of time going back into what you might call infinity. But infinity is not a concept your species can grasp. You have to have a 'Beginning' and an 'End' to everything, you cannot conceive of anything else."
O.K., so now I'll nail him. The past is one thing, the future is another. I wonder what kind of answer he is going to give me on this: "So what about the future, Jeremy, what about the fate of the universe?"
He didn't pause for a second. He needed no time for consideration. The question was, for him, a simple one.
"I read," he said, "that your cosmologists have many, many theories in that regard. At the current point in time, there appears to be a growing consensus among them toward the presumption that the universe is flat, and that as such it can, and probably will, continue to expand for ever and ever. This theory may or may not be allowed by their colleagues to survive, as it involves the as yet, for them, unacceptable concept of infinity. But they are right in one way, Peter. The ultimate fate of the universe is indeed dependent upon its shape. It is, however, also dependent on the role dark energy will be playing as the universe ages. And your cosmologists' tentative conclusion is, due to lack of knowledge, an incorrect one, let me assure you. What will happen is that there will be an explosion, a big bang in reverse so to speak, and then there will be another 'normal' big bang and so it will go on, a process repeating itself countless times on and on into infinity. Infinity is a concept your species will one day have to try to grasp and understand.
"Well…be that as it may," I said, "I cannot conceive of it, but I can accept it as a possibility. And in any case, in your scenario, the big bangs may also be created by God or Allah or possibly someone else."
Jeremy smiled. A benevolent glance in my direction. In the direction of the ant colony.
"Alright," he said, "let's leave it at that, Peter. I think we have covered the subject of beliefs quite sufficiently, and time is running out for me today. Could we deal perhaps with the topic of superstitions…in just a few words perhaps?"
Oh yes, no need to worry, in very few words indeed. I need to get out of here, these meetings are not my kettle of fish. In any case, I need a cigarette. I need two cigarettes, maybe three.
"Yes, Jeremy. In addition to the beliefs, we have a lot of superstitions which, by the way, are also beliefs, but unfounded ones. Take the number 13, for example. In many parts of the world, people believe this to be an unlucky number. Many airlines do not allow a row 13 in their aircraft, presumably because many of their passengers think that all of these aircraft would otherwise fall out of the sky. Some aircraft don't have a row 17 either, because that is also an unlucky number, in South America, I think. Friday the 13th is an unlucky date for most of us in Europe—but not if you're Spanish. In Spain, the unlucky day is Tuesday the 13th. It would be a waste of your time if I were to bore you with all of the more ludicrous junk superstitions—astrology, voodoo, tarot and the like—although there are plenty of humans who believe in them. But we also have many religious superstitions and a couple of examples might serve to provide you with a useful illustration."
"Religious superstitions?"
"Yes, we've always had these and we always will. I won't trouble you with the history of these things, sacrificing to the Sun Gods, killing 'witches' and so on, but here is an example from current times. A seven year old girl was ritually sacrificed—a nicer way of saying butchered—in the Bijapur district of India in order to offer her liver to the gods holding sway in that area. According to the police, those responsible sincerely believed that the gods would accordingly provide them with a 'good harvest'. Note the word believe again, Jeremy. And, as their Gods undoubtedly said to them, a little girl and her liver is a small price to pay to allow the rest of you to remain alive, right? It's a good deal, O.K.? And—also in current times—a forty year old mother of two was burned alive in Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, by some of her relations whose religious beliefs had determined that she was a sorceress whose powers had enabled her to make her uncle seriously ill."
"Well…and what about other parts of the world?"
"Sure, let's take the country I live in. In Germany, there are ongoing 'honor-killings'—year after year—usually, but not always, of young Islamic girls by their fathers and brothers who seriously believe that in this way the family 'honor' is going to be protected or restored. This superstition is not to be found—I rush to point out—in the Koran. The need to murder your own family members for this or any other reason is down to superstition, not religion."
I'm becoming too detailed, but never mind, I'll give him this one to ponder over as well.
"Coincidentally, Jeremy, and purely as a matter of interest, there is currently an uproar in Germany about certain reduced sentences for Islamic murderers and other Islamic criminals because of judgments referring to the 'religious and cultural considerations' which were deemed to have influenced the accused person's actions."
"How eccentric."
I rushed onward. "And this superstition is not confined to a single religious group or to any specific countries either. Check the U.K. for example. These are simply male-dominated 'revenge' killings—revenge by men for having their personal wishes and their perceived power and authority ignored by female members of the family."
"Indeed."
He was not wasting his time on words, that's for sure. Which suited me, I badly needed a cigarette. So just one more example to finish this off.
"Another superstition is the one believed in by certain members of the Islamic religion—and in particular by their suicide bombers—namely, that each will be rewarded for their honorable deeds with 72 female virgins when they reach their heaven. However, this assertion is also not to be found in the Koran, even though—due to several ambiguous translations of Verse 33 in Chapter 78—there are Muslims who argue otherwise. Certainly, the Koran makes mention of certain pleasurable delights awaiting the faithful upon their demise, but not the 72 virgins. Allah does not in fact appear to guarantee even a single virgin."
"Yes, well, it still sounds like a superior paradise to the Christian one in which you get to play the harp, wouldn't you say?"
"It does, it does, Jeremy, but only for the men. There is no superstition involving 72 young studs awaiting the ladies."
"I see," Jeremy said. "Or rather, I don't. But I don't think I need any more on this subject. You have your religious beliefs and you have your unfounded superstitions, and the latter are in some cases also connected to a religion. An intriguing planet you have here, I must say, and each of our meetings confirms it. As usual, I will research the facts."
Great. It sounded as if we were finished. Another interview over, another slice of the human pie explained. Facts, not opinions. Just the way things are.
"We don't need to arrange the next meeting today, Peter. We have finished our main agenda and you have been successful in providing me with a condensed overview of the selected subjects. I need to take the advice of my professor regarding the content and form of our subsequent, more detailed, interviews. I will let you know as soon as that has been decided. In the meantime, you will no doubt give me a call to inform me of the outcome of tomorrow's meeting?"
"Of course, Jeremy. Oh, and by the way, I shall be going back to Germany on Friday evening. But no problem, we will be in contact by phone, and I can fly over at any time if I need to meet with the authorities again, or for us to continue with our interviews."
"That will be fine, Peter. And take care of our mobile please. I wouldn't want to be troubling my people for permission to computer-hack a message to you regarding our next meeting. For which, by the way, I would also need your personal agreement. I would never computer-hack you without that."
He smiled, raised his eyebrows. "You have my agreement on that," I said, "but I'll be taking care of the mobile anyway, don't worry." No way was a lost mobile phone going to be the possible cause of €400,000 sliding down the drain.
And so we said goodbye. I was out past Miss Monroe with a big smile, down into the street, and lit up a cigarette to accompany me on my way to the Dog and Duck. Miss Monroe might have been thinking it was a pity I didn't stop to chat, or, alternatively, she might not, she might have a boyfriend, she might be in the middle of a huge love affair. Or maybe it was a girlfriend, always a possibility in this day and age, as you know. But I am not—at the moment—interested. Céline is still affecting my mood. Maybe next week. Or, come to think of it, maybe not, maybe later on in the year. Because the dream, Jane, would be back in her place again next week.

DAY 21
I woke up early, plenty to do today. Grey sky again. I skipped breakfast, just two cups of Lavazza, picked up the car from the garage, and headed off to Slough.
I opened the sun roof and lit up a cigarette. It was not only a grey day but a windy one and a not very warm one—and so your dedicated smoker has cigarette ash blowing all over his car and he freezes into the bargain. But such is life, we all have a price to pay for our sins. Nevertheless, and invisible as it usually is for the Brits, the sun was indeed up there, no doubt about it, burning merrily away on its suicidal road to death and keeping every single one of us warm, and therefore alive, while doing it. Good to know.
The 'Clark's Industrial Adhesives and Fasteners PLC' sign was still looking good. The building itself was still looking dilapidated—we'll be fixing that along with other things when more of the profits are banked—and the guy at the front desk was still looking unhappy. Mind you, this time he had good reason to be, his salary would be less at the end of this month than it had been in the prior month.
I went to see Fred and apologized for the fact that I would not be staying for a parting lunch. "Don't worry, Peter," he said, "you are continuing in a revised role anyway. We'll do it further on down the road." And he thanked me for my work, and I thanked him for his cooperation and for 'putting up with me'—humble pie, sincere or otherwise, a useful lubricant for keeping the wheels of social and professional relationships turning smoothly—and then I toured around saying thanks, see you again soon, to Charlie, Ron and all the others, right down to the machine operators and the office staff, but excluding, of course, the cow. She wouldn't have appreciated it anyway, and she would have shown it, which might have caused me to lose control and tell her that she would be more gainfully occupied in a field together with ten bulls. Or, if I wanted to be nice about it, five bulls. Or, if I wanted to be nice to the bulls, in a field on her own. But I said goodbye to the guy at the front desk. Poor unhappy sod, his mother should have thrown him away and kept the stork.
I smoked another cigarette and admired the sign again. Yes, I know what some people might think, but I am just one of those people who happen to regard a large and well-designed sign as a very fine thing. It's just the way I am. Nobody needs to worry about it.
I drove back to the hotel in London. I called Monika, told her I would be back early Saturday morning but that I would then be sleeping until about midday. Too cold and windy for walking, so I took a cab and had it wait while I collected and paid for my gifts for Roger and Geoff tomorrow. And then it was back to the hotel again. I checked out my MOD destination, set my mobile alarm for 4 p.m. and fell asleep.
* * * * *
It was raining when I woke up and so it was another cab for the short trip to Whitehall. Whitehall is a wide road, plenty of statues and monuments; it's full of ministries and ministers and ministers' staffs, and you would not be in error if you referred to it as the center of the U.K. government. One of the buildings houses the Ministry of Defence and the headquarters of the British Armed Forces. To be precise, my actual destination was not in fact in Whitehall but in Horse Guards Avenue, not to be confused with Horse Guards Road by the way. This avenue intersects with Whitehall and is where the northern entrance to the MOD Main Building is to be found. Sloppy directions from Delsey, lucky for him he doesn't work for me, but he can't cause problems for people who check their destinations in advance, no sweat.
Even so, the rain was raining and the wind was gusting and my umbrella was in the car back at the hotel, and so I got soaked covering the ground to the building entrance. There is a statue of a Gurkha there, one of those Nepalese folk originally drafted into the British Army, poor buggers. Or maybe not such poor buggers; a Field Marshall in charge of the British Indian Army once said that if a man asserts he is not afraid to die, then he is either a liar or he is a Gurkha. Well…maybe. Or maybe the Field Marshall was simply full of shit. There are also a couple of monumental statues, or statuary monuments if you prefer, Earth and Water they are called. Not that I took any notice of these governmental decorations, I was getting soaked. But never mind, there are worse things than water and it's good for the hair.
Into the building itself, not a very old one, a neoclassical affair finished about fifty or sixty years ago. I checked my watch, ten minutes early. Delsey was waiting for me there, my 'contact person', and he hadn't changed, he was his usual dreary-looking self, a human reproduction of an envelope without an address on it.
He guided me through a large number of corridors and into a big room which had obviously undergone some refurbishment at some point in time. It was a comfortable looking room, obviously for use by VIPs, and it had a large table in it with over twenty comfortable looking chairs surrounding it, nearly half of which were occupied. I didn't recognize anybody except Delsey's boss, the others could probably be superior members of the police hierarchy, perhaps.
There were polite greetings and introductions and they were indeed all representatives of various branches of the so-called enforcement organization. But we were clearly waiting for additions to the party and so I excused myself and was directed to a door leading to the toilets or—as they are so eerily referred to by the Americans—to the restrooms. I suppose you can have a rest in there, but then you could do that in just about any room, couldn't you? Being a European, I took no rest, but I dried myself off, I shook my suit jacket, I ran my fingers through my hair, I checked that my rain-damaged appearance had improved by around 1%, and I headed back into the meeting. The seats were now nearly all occupied and two more were entering as I sat down.
There is no end to the number of ministries in any given country, it seems, and there is no end, it seems, to the number of departments within most of those ministries, whose job it is to control and manage just about any aspect of the activities of the other human beings over whom they have power. The Ministry of Defence is no exception to this. It has a civilian staff of over 80,000 in order to run itself. It even has departments such as the Naval Education Service, the Royal Army Educational Corps, the Queen's Army Schoolmistresses, and the Children's Education Service—the headquarters of the latter are in Germany, by the way. It makes you think. Even a country like the U.K., which represents less than 1% of the world's population, requires hundreds of government departments, staffed by a vast army of hundreds of thousands of people, to tell others what to do, to create laws for them, to try and ensure those laws are obeyed, and to deal with those who don't obey them. None of which is of any particular interest other than that it makes it easier to understand one of the ways in which politicians spend money they don't have and bankrupt their countries with crippling burdens of debt.
Well…I must say that we had some of the really big fish here today. The Piccadilly demonstration had of course been an exceedingly convincing one and it must have been given a lot of serious internal publicity. And it must have been clear to a lot of people that such abilities could prove to be of unimaginable advantage to whichever country managed to lay its hands on them.
I was introduced to all of the newcomers and they included—I can recall most of them—one of the Ministers for Defence attending the Cabinet; the Attorney General, who, among other things, is the government's principal legal advisor on matters of international law; the Minister of State, Cabinet Office (who is responsible for providing policy to the prime minister); the boss of SIS, better known in common parlance as MI6; the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (International Security Strategy); one of the five ministers who, together with the Home Secretary, head up the Home Office, which in turn is in charge of all of the country's police forces; the First Secretary of State and Secretary of State for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office; and the boss of Wilton Park, a department located in Steyning in Sussex, God knows why, and which is responsible, among other things, for arranging international conferences for politicians.
A complicated meeting, you might think. Yes, but not as complicated as it might have been, had they wanted to involve more top people from the government jungle. And there must have been many who were simply unavailable at such short notice anyway, and there must have been many more who were singularly unimpressed with the information given to them and who didn't feel like wasting their time to listen to a load of crap or—if you prefer the more sophisticated word we borrowed from the French—ordure.
And of course it wasn't important enough—yet—for some of the really big fish, guys like The Minister of Defence himself, or the Secretary of State for Defence, or the Deputy Prime Minister. But even so, they had managed to assemble a small but acceptably heavyweight gathering on next to no notice, so hats off to them.
There was some shuffling in the seats, some harrumphing, some coughing, the noises you get to hear before the curtain rises at the opera or in a theatre, and then they told me that they would be grateful if I could arrange for an innocuous event within this room to kick things off—a kind of aperitif said one of them, haw, haw, haw, bloody fool. No problem, I said. And what the government officials did, they asked all of the police representatives to leave the room and wait outside, and then they told me what they had agreed on. These people should come back in and bark like dogs please. How long for, I asked. Not long, they said, a minute would be more than enough.
I confirmed to them what they already knew, that I personally had none of these powers and that I would have to telephone in the request, and I went through the door to the toilets and pressed the green button on Jeremy's phone.
Nothing happened. I pressed again. Nothing. Ghastly thoughts began to slam aroundin my brain, my neurons were in disarray in less than a second and were formulating a series of grim, fearful scenarios, not only involving serious ridicule, but problems of a legal nature as well. Or of a not so legal nature—which an affronted and embarrassed high-level police authority would be capable of generating for a perpetrator, a time-wasting and taking-of-the-piss perpetrator.
Until I realized that I had been using the wrong finger, my print wasn't being recognized, and when I corrected the error, it was—for the first time in my relationship with Jeremy—with colossal relief that I heard his voice on the other end, "Hi, Peter." Calm and collected. I had not yet returned to my calm and collected self, but I gave him the request, and he said no problem. And so it was with a spring in my step—a remarkably factual expression in this case—that I returned to the room. All of the faces were looking at me, some expectant, some interested and some openly sceptical. And then they looked at the main door, and then they looked back at me, and then they looked at the door again.
But they didn't have to look for long. In they came, barking as if they'd been born and raised in the kennels, deep barks, squeaky barks, happy barks and one depressed bark, the latter coming from—take a prize—Delsey. Now a minute can be a long time when you've got something like that going on. I recalled my utter disbelief the first time, with the waiter and the girl on the street. These happenings were as impossible as some of the things you see hypnotists doing on stage, making members of the audience jump around by persuading them they are standing on hot coals, or making them take their clothes off, or whatever else hypnotists are supposedly capable of.
But the demonstration of such powers of hypnosis requires, as far as I am aware, the physical presence of the hypnotist. And there are no hypnotists, as far as I am aware, who can affect a significant number of people simultaneously. And this is what made Jeremy different. And if my neurons had spent many days wrestling with themselves and looking for plausible explanations, Piccadilly on Sunday had convinced them to give up the struggle. They had had no other choice. Jeremy, quite simply, was unique. Also not right in the head of course, but that is not the point.
Yes, a minute of barking is a long time if it's human beings you are watching rather than dogs. The government people couldn't believe their eyes or their ears, and who could blame them? And when it finally stopped, the police officials looked confused. They were wondering why they were standing around when everyone else was seated, and they quickly took their places at the table again.
I would guess that people are vaguely aware of what they have been induced into doing on these occasions, but they are not quite sure about it because their neurons, after undoubtedly performing a rapid and intense analytical exercise, are unable to come up with the goods.
But if the law enforcers were confused, severe consternation was the initial reaction in the ranks of the spectators. The spectators had had no choice but to believe what their eyes and ears had just seen and heard. On top of that, they knew that I had had no knowledge of their request beforehand.
But you could see the initial reaction wearing off and the sly workings of their limited brains as to what uses this new technology might be put, if only they could lay their hands on the metaphorical reins of the metaphorical horse.
And so they started pressuring me. They wanted to meet with this person calling himself an alien—meet with him of his own free will of course, they said. They realized that any other way might merely cause him to not to 'perform' or—and this they didn't say but you could see them thinking it—it might even cause him to retaliate by using his amazing powers on them, perish the very thought.
I can conceive of three possibilities, I told them. You have either forgotten the conditions for this meeting, or else you are wanting to void them or—worse still—you were not even informed of the conditions. Whichever it is, it doesn't matter because I am now leaving. The prime minister will have missed out on the most important piece of information he has ever received, or could ever possibly have received. Nice to have met you all, thank you for your time, and have a good day. And I stood up to leave.
This had the required effect. If, they said, I could arrange for an extraordinarily major event to occur, a momentous one—that word again—within the next two or three days and let them know in advance what it was and when it would occur, this would greatly enhance their chances of being able to convince the prime minister to agree to a meeting with Mr. Parker. The prime minister, by the way, could possibly have some thirty minutes available next week on the Wednesday afternoon.
No problem, I told them, I would contact Mr. Delsey tomorrow morning with the necessary information. Many thanks for your coming, several of them said, and I left them to what would no doubt be a huge discussion of all of the possible explanations for what they had just experienced. Except that there was only one possible explanation available and, let's be honest, it was not an easy one for neurons of any type or denomination to be able to grasp.
Delsey caught up with me before I made it outside and asked if I would be staying in London over the next few days. I told him no, I had a private life and I would be back in Germany for the weekend and perhaps longer. No point in my trying to hide it, they would know anyway; it's easy to locate people these days, electronic communication, electronic tracking, hiya there George Orwell. I told him that I would be contactable at all times and could fly back without notice if necessary—up until the point that Jeremy Parker and the prime minister were in direct contact. After that, I would no longer be involved and would consider myself free of any obligation to be in contact with him or to allow my private activities to be the subject of further scrutiny by him or his colleagues. Of course, you can always arrest me, I told him, but he didn't find that amusing. He wasn't worried in any case, I could tell that, he knew they could locate me whenever they needed to. Well…maybe he was right and maybe he wasn't.
The rain had stopped and so I left the building and walked into Whitehall, down past Downing Street on the other side, turn right and on into St.James's Park and up towards Piccadilly and back to my hotel.
I didn't do much else today. I had a light meal in the hotel, revueltos à la basquaise, they'd certainly scrambled the languages here but it was a dish I had long since taken a liking to on my trips to Bilbao. It was always a choice for me if I felt like something light and healthy. I washed it down with a half-bottle of red, a good one, a Château Hautes Combes 2005, actually a very ordinary Bordeaux from a very ordinary year, it couldn't have cost them much. But then taste has never been directly connected to what something costs.
I went outside for my day's last cigarette, no comments please, thank you very much. Back in my room, I called Jeremy on his mobile and recounted the afternoon's proceedings. He was pleasant enough but his tone sounded non-committal, perhaps he'd had a hard day at the office and we were, after all, only ants and wasps. Fantasy ants and fantasy wasps of course, inhabiting his fantasy universe. He promised to think of something worthwhile for the ministers and their cohorts and would let me know tomorrow morning. I typed and printed the United Fasteners invoice for the past few weeks: €25,200, not to be sniffed at.
And off I wandered to the land of Nod. The word Nod, in case you are interested, derives from the Hebrew verb 'to wander'. It is the land referred to in Genesis to which God sent the crop-farmer Cain after he (Cain, that is) had murdered his younger brother, Abel. Both were the sons of Adam and Eve and as a result, Cain had the distinction not only of being the first human being to be born, but also of being the first one to commit murder—by murdering the second human being to be born—which also makes him the first to have committed fratricide. Although not the last of course. And this tale—merely as a matter of interest—is also identical to the one recounted in the Islamic Koran. Interesting.
Nod is also the name of a small village in the U.K. near Holme-on-Spalding-Moor in East Yorkshire. It is a tiny, sleepy village and is the version of Nod I prefer to picture when going there.

DAY 22
I woke up late. A window check showed me patches of blue sky today along with a bunch of fast-moving white clouds, so still windy out there. But the clouds are not rainy ones and the days when I know I am going to catch some regular glimpses of that broiling ball of gas up there always enhance my mood, as they naturally do for most people. Except, needless to say, for the Delseys of the world.
I had a late breakfast at the hotel, a leisurely one with the poached eggs. I collected the invoice from my room, and the gifts for Roger and Geoff, and strolled over to Shepherd's Market. There I picked up a gift for Susi and some really good flowers, and headed with my packages into South Audley Street. Up to the third floor and there she was, Susanne Brown, looking as swish as usual and smiling a smile as crooked as ever.
"Hello, Peter," she said, "out enjoying the sun today?"
"The sun is great," I said, looking straight at her, "but not as great as some of the things you get to see indoors."
"Ah, well that is nice to hear. Very nice to hear." Could it be that there was a slight blush appearing there? Surely not, a woman of the world like this one. But her eyes and that smile of hers were as inviting as the last time. Maybe she was just a little embarrassed about showing some interest, who knows?
"Some flowers for Susanne," I said, "and a small gift as well for having had to put up with your company's weird visitor over the past few months."
And yes, she was definitely blushing now. "Oh Peter, you really are a very nice and thoughtful man. This really isn't at all necessary, but thank you, thank you very much, it is extremely kind of you." And she opened the package and it was her perfume, the one I had noticed her using a couple of months ago. By chance, that had been, but it's always good to store these nuggets of information away in your neuron filing cabinet. You never know if the day will come when they can give you an edge in the sexual safari stakes.
Not that I intended doing anything about it. The attraction here was purely visual, sexually visual if you insist. Time, as it is wont to do, would clarify the rest of it, whenever my neurons decided to ban Céline to the archives and add Susi to the group of blinking red lights.
"I am so terribly pleased," she said, as I headed off in the direction of Roger's office, "that you will be continuing to work with us." Ah hah, so she knew about that. So much the better. And she really did sound genuinely pleased about it. Good news.
Roger came out from behind his desk to greet me. Man, the way the poor bugger walks certainly portends an early exit, I would put a bet on it, an autopsy still on the hoof. He picked up the phone and asked Geoff to come along, and then I gave them their presents, each one a small engraved plaque on a wooden surround, intended for the desktop. Roger's said: If you come in here with a problem, and don't suggest a solution, you are part of the problem. And Geoff's addressed one of the world's most frequently heard statements: You are 99% sure, are you? Right…so you don't know.
The gifts went down well and so did the invoice when I handed it over; they had been expecting a larger amount. But never overdo it is my motto, the psychological gains are worth a fortune over the long-term. I told them that I would be back in a month's time, probably for several days. Great, they said, it's a flexible arrangement from now on. But a very fine arrangement, I thought to myself, I will be getting a lot of credit as Clark's reported profits go up and up and up. And I will be earning money for doing next to nothing.
I humbly accepted praise for the employee wage deal and everything else, we said our goodbyes, and I headed out into the reception area. Susi was at her desk. She was an attractive woman, I said to myself again, no two ways about it. Let me cement the potential blinking red light status a little further. "Do you know what, Susanne?" I said, looking deep into those big, bright eyes, "I am also very pleased that I shall be continuing to work with you." And yes, she blushed again, and she gave me another crooked, ambiguous smile and it nearly killed me. But it didn't.
The sun was shining, the clouds were scudding and, as P.G. Wodehouse might have put it, the bees were no doubt buzzing, although that would be over in the parks rather than here in South Audley Street.
Jeremy's phone rang.
He told me that a largish asteroid would be crashing into Jupiter on Monday. He gave me the time and he gave me the coordinates. Those present at the last meeting should inform the prime minister, who would no doubt have the U.K. and possibly the U.S. scientific community informed, although they would be unable to assist by confirming or denying the event. He also asked me to kindly let him know as soon as the Wednesday meeting was confirmed. And he wished me a pleasant weekend. A non-committal mood again today, it seemed.
I called Delsey and repeated the information. He said he would call me back as soon as he had an answer on the Wednesday meeting.
I wandered around a few streets, I bought a birthday card for Monika and I bought an IHT for myself. I read it while having a sandwich at one of those small Italian cafés. There were 34 car-bomb deaths yesterday, 112 other combat deaths, the stock markets had gone down again, lucky me, and the long drawn-out Euro crisis was continuing along its inevitable path to doom—a situation which had not, of course, been created by any of the birdbrains in any of their ministries, and which, consequently and naturally, had nothing to do with them at all.
I walked back through Berkeley Square to the hotel. Little Miss Ugly was at the desk. She had a nice name: Geneviève Lane. I noticed it for the first time from the nametag pinned to her chest. Breast, I should say, a more sensual word and also more accurate. Nice breasts she had, as I mentioned before, and ready-made for nestling in in times of trouble and strife. They were the kind of breasts which help to heal the soul of the emotionally wounded, no doubt about it. Emotionally wounded men at least, I don't think that breasts arouse women, non-lesbian women anyway. And as for the lesbians, let them enjoy it, it doesn't bother anybody. And as for the aberrations, the militant females, the ones who are in fact non-female if they did but know it, I recommend a visit a restaurant called simply La Vie, which is just off Knightsbridge and whose owner is a cynic, just like me. 'In the interests of equality, we are serving chest of chicken tonight', is one of the items on his menu.
All of which, I admit, is neither here nor there. Good evening, Miss Lane, I said, knowing full well that my use of her name would have an effect on her, and indeed it did, it was as if I had plied her with an array of selected aphrodisiacs, she was metaphorically stripping her clothes off, believe you me. Which made for a pleasant discourse, with a strong erotic undercurrent, while I explained that I was going to have a snooze and that I would then be leaving. I would pay for tonight of course, but would prefer to settle the bill now. Maybe next time, Miss Lane, I thought to myself, you can apply your breasts to the furtherance of the O'Donaghue healing process.
I fell asleep straight away and Morpheus provided me with a dream about breasts. Nice firm, round breasts, the ones which last for decades, as opposed to the ones like Miss Lane's, which were also nice but which would not last for decades. Poor girl, hers were a fast depreciating asset, to use a balance sheet term, and in the not too distant future you would not be thinking of them as breasts anymore, your neurons would be classifying them under the category of udders. Or dugs. I know, it's brutal, it's sad. But that's life, it's the way things are. I hope that Geneviève uses her assets well (or, more appropriately, allows them to be well used) during the short time allotted to them, and that she eventually marries a man whose libido is destined to be equally short-lived.
No reason to apologize for acknowledging nature's idiosyncracies for what they are. So I won't.
I didn't wake up until 11 p.m. No matter, there were ferries to France throughout the night.

DAY 23
I trundled down to Dover at the mandatory U.K. speed of a diseased tortoise, and bought a ticket and joined the queue for the next ship, which happened to be a Sea France one, civilized. It was 4 a.m. by the time we docked in Calais, which of course was 5 a.m. continental time. Or Central European Time, which excludes the Brits. And the Northern Irish come to that, excluded as they are from belonging to Britain.
And European the Brits indeed are, albeit unbeknown to most of the products of their modern schooling system. Their country's name derives from the description 'Big Brittany', a term used by the Romans in order to distinguish it from the region of 'Small Brittany' in north-western France. And the name England of course derives from the term Englaland, named after the Angles, one of the German tribes which settled there during the 5th and 6th centuries. So this Roman, French and German salad, liberally sprinkled with Scandinavian pepper and other dressings, is what the Brits are. Although not, of course, what they have become.
I made it home to Okriftel in the original land of the Angles in bright sunshine at around 10 o'clock. I stopped off at the petrol station to buy a newspaper and Mr. Brown's chocolate. From there I walked down to the local travel agency. Renate was there, Renate Mayer, the owner. She can't have been more than forty but nature had dealt her a bad hand and she had clearly decided to cultivate this further by tending to her lack of sex-appeal with the solemnity of a deranged gardener watering his weeds. And her personality corresponded fully to the abode in which it was located. I usually hold people who have made their own way in life in high regard, and Frau Mayer was certainly a self-made woman. And that was exactly her problem: she worshipped her creator and it showed. Our relationship, therefore, was of necessity one of the Frau Mayer and the Herr O'Donaghue kind.
All of that being as it may, I utilized her services because she was extremely efficient. She could deal with the most complicated itineraries in a matter of minutes. She loved nature—in spite of what it had done to her—and would locate the most amazing hotels in magnificent surroundings in the French Alps or the Swiss Alps or Madeira or wherever else I wanted to go with a girlfriend who liked hiking (as well as the rest).
She had some very classy gift vouchers and I told her I would like one made out for a return flight to Ajaccio and two weeks in whichever fine Corsican hotel she cared to recommend—in the name of Frau Müller. The dates and the bookings would be confirmed at some point in the future but I would pay an estimated amount in advance right now. If she wondered why I was giving such a gift to Monika Müller, whom she knew, she didn't show it. She never raised an eyebrow, a very professional lady our Frau Mayer.
And Frau Müller it was whose doorbell I rang before going up to my apartment. Being seriously squashed up against those breasts again was as arousing as it usually was and needed as much male self-control as it usually did. In fact more than it usually did, it not being a healthy thing to have had to spend several weeks in celibacy mode, irrespective of Catholic priests' opinions, honest or otherwise, with regard to the subject. Mr. Brown's violent welcome attack resolved the dilemma as it always did, his slobbering dog-kisses easily annihilating my neurons' attempts to maintain the erotic fire, and I accepted Monika's offer of a coffee. I gave Mr. Brown half of his chocolate, thanked her for keeping him until after the chess, and went upstairs for a quick snooze.
My alarm woke me at a quarter past one—or a quarter after one, if you are American—and after a shave and a shower I was off down the road to the technical college, only five minutes away.
The parents were there, some of them anyway, the mayor and a couple of his officials were there, the headmaster of the college and three of his teachers were there and the chess players and some of their pals were there. The sun was shining, the mayor made his little speech, he presented me with a bottle of Rheingau Riesling, and he wished me and all the players an enjoyable and successful afternoon.
Which they wouldn't have, at least not the latter. There were twenty two players, nineteen young guys, one girl and two teachers. Now if these had been good club players, there was no way I would be able to avoid losing a game or two. But they weren't, and so I was going to have a fairly easy time. And how it works is this: I have the white pieces on all of the boards, and I walk around making the first move. And when I arrive back at the first board, that player then makes his move (they all have to wait until I get there each time before making their move) and I reply to it and move on again to the next board. This goes very fast initially, as I know the openings—the best possible moves—and I don't have to think about anything. And after about an hour, we are into the middle game and on a few of the boards I begin to need a few seconds, occasionally a minute, to make my move. But then the players who are in hopeless positions start resigning, and the final game is usually over after about three hours, maybe a little more. Except that on this occasion there was a small, wiry, red-haired young fellow who was playing very well, added to which I had missed the best move on a couple of occasions, and after nearly four hours I offered him a draw. Which it was, and which he accepted and which he had deservedly earned.
After that, there were sausages, cakes and drinks. The red-haired student enjoyed some well-earned friendly mobbing by his fellow-students and I had a chat with the mayor and some of the other adults, including the wives. And two of the younger ones were really something, let me tell you. I had to activate the neuron quarantine law to keep my eyes off their breasts and legs and, yes, their asses (and no, I have no intention of being the first male in the world to announce the truth—the whole truth and nothing but the truth—about what we are really thinking about when inspecting their asses), but the quarantine law, as with a variety of laws, is difficult to abide by and of course they noticed.
But there you go, there they are, locked into the consequences of the reproductive trade, thinking about cooking dinner for four tonight, dealing with four people's dirty washing tomorrow, cleaning the family nest on Monday, and all the rest of what they call life. Playing their role in the planet's cycle of birth and death, happy with their bourgeois lot—well, some of them are and some of them aren't—but both kinds lost forever to the single person's world of unfettered existence on life's ocean waves, a memory swapped for a roof over their heads, the use of a car, the need to comply with their biological requisites, and the desire not to be alone and without offspring when Dr. Death comes tapping on their door, as they know assuredly he one day will.
I smoked a cigarette as I walked back home in the early evening sunshine, I collected Mr. Brown and the basics for my fridge from Monika, and went upstairs. Mr. Brown settled down to resume pondering his intricate canine philosophies and I settled down to my newspaper.
More trouble in the Middle East, I noted, and more peace talks planned. Most people alive have been inundated with news items on the Middle East conflicts and their thousands of accompanying peace conferences since the day they were born, and that is no exaggeration—O.K., not since they were born, an unworkable expression, I mean since they started absorbing news. But because most of the countries involved in this mess operate on belief-based systems, there won't be any peace for centuries to come, if ever, believe me.
Of mild interest was another article on government corruption. Nothing new about that either, corruption is as much a part of the human character as killing is, but I was amused by one of the examples they used in order to demonstrate the myriad ways in which corruption is practiced (and also tolerated—and therefore approved—and sometimes participated in—by the boss birdbrains).
There are 30,000 civil servants working for the European Commission. Last year, 22,329 of these people were ill. At least once. That was an increase of 0.6% over the prior year. They were ill for a total of 433,808 working days, which means an average of nearly 3 weeks for each one, an increase of 2.5% over the prior year. This article pointed out that not all of the illness was fraudulent but that a lot of it was. No normal organization could survive with those kinds of numbers. And normal organizations would also do something about it. But these chronically sick people are their own bosses, they do nothing to change things, the abuse increases each year, and then they are allowed to retire in their mid-fifties and take home a pension of between €4,300 and €10,000 per month (all decided and approved by themselves, needless to say). Not bad, eh?
And what exactly do these people do or achieve anyway, when not ill or on vacation or whatever? Don't ask me folks, just keep on voting. That is what you vote for and that is what you get.
I switched to the Sudoko, more interesting. Then I gave Mr. Brown his evening meal and, replete with college sausages and beer, prepared myself for a long, long sleep.

DAY 24
Mr. Brown woke me up. It was time for his morning constitutional and I took him down to the river for an hour. When we returned I wrote 'For a very special friend' in Monika's birthday card and took it together with the gift voucher down to her apartment.
She was still wearing one of the long T-shirts she used for sleeping, and she had no make-up on—on my account, probably, despite her explanation of a long Sunday and birthday lie-in. She knew I generally disliked the taste of lipstick and the chemical smells of powders and other female painting products. Not of course, that we men don't regularly sacrifice ourselves in this regard in the name of luuuuv. Or sex.
When she opened up the card and the present, she burst into tears. And then she hugged me and gave me a long kiss, for the first time ever on the lips.
Erotic was not the word for it, her body caused my neurons to disintegrate into a morass of raving lust and when she felt my reaction, she pressed herself up against me even harder. But, cynic though I may be, I am not a bastard. My entire nervous system, except for that section responsible for moral control, erupted into volcanic rage as I separated myself from her embrace. I mean, this was a woman who would be reaching retirement age before I was fifty; that would never work, not with me, and not with many others either. And no way was I going to cause her the programmed heartbreak. I liked her too much for that.
She became her cheerful self again before long, my neurons took a grip on themselves again, the electrical impulses resumed their normal traffic flow, and other parts of myself, aching a bit though they may have been, started on their dejected and unwilling return to standby mode. She made me some poached eggs, we talked about my upcoming trip to Spain, and I invited her to dinner that night in her favorite restaurant in Wiesbaden.
Delsey, that indefatigable weekend worker, called me during the afternoon. The meeting was confirmed for Wednesday at 5 p.m., on the condition that tomorrow's forecast event did indeed occur. Mr. Parker and myself should please be at 10, Downing Street at around 4.45 p.m. The Downing Street venue was preferable for security reasons, already in place you understand, no need for additional measures, ha, ha. If the event did not occur, however, the meeting would not be taking place and I should present myself instead at nine o'clock on Tuesday morning at New Scotland Yard and ask for him. Without fail, please, to preempt any need for otherwise unavoidable steps and inconveniences, you understand.
I understood alright, some kind of charge for infiltrating and willfully obstructing government functionality or whatever. I told him O.K., but that I might not be present, Mr. Parker would be deciding on the need for that. He asked what my movements were going to be in the coming week and I told him I didn't know.
I called Jeremy and let him know about the meeting. No, it wouldn't be necessary for me to be there, he said. He could handle the meeting himself, he would let me know how it went. I sent a text message to Delsey confirming that Mr. Parker would be there on Wednesday. I would not be there but would fly over tomorrow night to comply with his meeting requirement in the case of a non-occurrence of the event.
I called the restaurant and reserved a window table for two and ordered a small birthday cake with just one candle, gave them my credit card details. I went out for a long, fast bike ride with Mr. Brown. We exhausted ourselves nicely, and then I gave him his dinner, smoked a cigarette on the balcony, had a shower, put on some fresh clothes, and went downstairs to collect Monika for dinner. She was wearing a simple black dress and a small necklace and she looked fantastic. She had done something to her hair and she looked very young.
It took about half an hour to get to the restaurant which is on the town end of Wiesbaden's main park, in one of those fine buildings housing the city's main theater and the casino. As we walked away from the car park, Monika took my hand. She had never done that before, but it felt O.K., it felt good. But it wasn't of course, it was as wrong as sleeping together would be. And maybe she was thinking the same thing because she let go again before we went inside.
The dining area was fairly large and fairly full. It was all dark paneling and the walls were hung with photographs and sketches from a fun-loving but bygone era. The lighting was low and relaxed, there were candles on the tables, and there was a piano player and a guitarist. We ordered some red wine. Monika liked Rioja and so I ordered a 2005 Murillo while we looked over the menu.
"Oh, Peter," she said.
"Happy birthday," I said.
"Too many of them," she said with a smile.
"Not the way you look."
"I'm sorry about this morning," she said.
"Don't worry, Monika," I said. "There's nothing to worry about. Just relax."
"I know, but I shouldn't have…"
"Perhaps not," I said with a smile. "But living dangerously is not without its benefits."
She reached across the table and took hold of my hand again. "I've been having bad thoughts about you all afternoon," she said.
"Bad thoughts?"
"Yes. Very selfish thoughts. I have been hoping that you will never, ever, find the right woman. And then you will have to stay with me."
"Now that's not what I call a bad thought, Monika," I said. "But even if I find what you call the right woman, you and I will always be very special friends. And the right woman would have to agree to that in advance."
She started dabbing at her eyes again but she was very happy, you could tell, she was enjoying her birthday. And so was I, just watching this woman, her deep brown eyes, her soft brown hair, her slightly crooked nose and, yes, her nice round breasts, neatly tucked away and nestling in that little black dress of hers. And after dessert, the restaurant manager and two of his waiters brought the birthday cake and she blew out the candle and the waiters and the tables around us applauded and I asked for her favorite piece of music, San Salvador, and while it was being played she burst into tears again. And then we drank a lot more red wine, and a coffee, and a cognac, and I asked for some more old pieces of music that I like, Walkin' in Memphis and Streets of London, and we were one of the last ones to leave.
We went into the casino where we ordered more cognac, and I gave her €100 and I told her to double it or lose it and of course she lost it all, and of course I lost my €100 as well. Monika was drunk and I was also fairly sozzled, but I still drive well—and slowly—when under the influence, not that the police would see it that way of course. Nor should they, don't get me wrong. But life is a risk, and it was a Sunday night and there were no police around and we drove happily back to Okriftel, luck favors the brave. Sometimes.
I put Monika to bed, no undressing her, I won the battle again with my neurons on that one, and I gave Mr. Brown five minutes around the block and then I put myself to bed as well.

DAY 25
The pain caused by Céline was slowly becoming a dull ache. An ache which still produced pangs of grief whenever she surfaced in my thoughts, but time's scabs were gradually forming over the wound, the healing process was under way. So it was Jeremy Parker who dominated my thoughts while I was shaving, and he continued to dominate them while I drank my coffee and smoked my cigarette. How on earth could he cause an asteroid to make an unforeseen and unplanned crash-landing onto one of our planets?
I finally concluded that there were two possibilities, and only two. Number one: O.K., so he had chosen our largest planet, Jupiter, a gas giant with over sixty moons and which has over three hundred times the mass of the Earth and is four times bigger than that in terms of volume. And as such it has a massive gravitational pull and regularly drags comets and asteroids towards the inner part of our solar system, some of which end up from time to time crashing into its surface. What is left of them anyway, the gravitational forces tear them to pieces while they're on their way in.
So he was not talking about an unusual event. Maybe, deranged though he is, he has—in addition to his astonishing and prodigious mind-bending abilities—outstanding talents as an amateur physicist and astronomer. Look at the skepticism with which Galileo was treated by the other scientists of his time, some of whom actually categorized him as insane. Perhaps Jeremy simply has knowledge of the fact that another asteroid is finally due to lose its orbital battle and perish in that gaseous spider's deadly embrace. Far-stretched, no doubt about it. But it couldn't be his computer-hacking; he had said so himself, he can't move physical objects.
The second possibility was that no asteroid at all would crash into Jupiter today. This could therefore be the day when Jeremy's fantasy world would finally manifest itself to be exactly that, the proof of the pudding so to speak, the end of the line, a lunatic having to confront himself with the evidence of his own lunacy, with whatever consequences that might turn out to have.
And of course there would be the consequences for myself. I wouldn't think they could put me into jail, they had no real justification for that. And even if they did invent some nebulous reason for doing so, it wouldn't be for long. It would simply be another of life's experiences, like being washed gently onto some smooth rocks by a small ocean wave. So it would mean some embarrassment and it would mean some hassle, but who knows, maybe Jeremy would still transfer the remaining money from our interview agreement. He might be hopelessly deranged, but he had proven himself to be a person of high integrity so far. And even if he didn't, the €300,000 I had already received compensated more than satisfactorily for the time and trouble of my involvement in this weird affair.
Mr. Brown had—quite justifiably—begun to intensify his harassing strategy, and so off we went, down to the river, back to the gas station for the newspaper, and back to base. Only 30 conflict deaths today, a nice round number. Are we pleased? Are we disappointed? Are thirty enough to trigger our abhorrence and disgust? Or are thirty too few? Or do we not really care about it at all, it has all been going on for too long, we have become blasé? To each his own. My own personal reaction, as you would naturally expect of a cynic, was a cynical one and it hasn't changed from day to day and it hasn't changed from year to year. Our small lump of rock continues to orbit its star, the human animal continues to pursue its various activities—revolting, pathetic or otherwise, define them as you see fit—on its small lump of rock, and there is nothing I can do about it and so I am only mildly interested at best. And even then, only from a mathematical and statistical point of view.
It was exactly 2 p.m. when I switched on the news channel. This was the time Jeremy had said we would be able to observe the asteroid collision. But I dozed off after about twenty minutes. I woke up again just after three o'clock but there was no asteroid news that I could see, the main item being another huge debate about the refinancing of yet more Spanish and Italian bonds. It was while I was watching the sports news that the sub-heading BREAKING NEWS started to flash across the bottom of the screen, followed by MASSIVE ASTEROID HITS JUPITER in non-stop repetition.
My brain stopped. My neurons went on strike. They were not accustomed to improbable and irrational occurrences of this magnitude. The synapses, which are the coordinates of the nervous impulses passing from the axon of one neuron to the dendrites of another, were in disarray. Synapses, after all, were designed and created to function exclusively under pre-determined and mathematically defined conditions. However, such interruptions to the activities of the central nervous system do not—except in situations of, for example, extreme torture—last for any protracted length of time. The recovery occurs within seconds, even micro-seconds, as the metaphysical need to reassert itself takes over again and the frantic search for an explanation complying with the imperatives of unconditional logic is launched.
And of course the logic was found. In this case it was already embedded in the appropriate compartment of my brain. This was a natural event, said the logic. There was nothing unnatural or supernatural about it in any shape or form. Such events had occurred before and they would inexorably continue to occur again. Among others, the renowned Shoemaker-Levy comet had died its appointed death on Jupiter less than ten years ago. And Jeremy Parker had merely had prior knowledge of the timing of this particular object's demise, even if our scientists on this occasion hadn't. And that was all there was to it, that was the logic.
I continued to watch for a while and before long the news commentator began to relay to us the few snippets of information with which he had been supplied, the size of the asteroid was unusually big, the causes and the peculiarities of its orbital exit were still being researched, and so on and so forth.
I switched off the television. Sometimes life's ocean waves lift you up high on a gentle swell and deposit you tenderly onto a soft and sandy shore with, for example, a beach bar not far away. There would be no embarrassment for me, there would be no hassle—at least not of the unpleasant kind—and I would not have to catch a flight tonight or make an appearance at New Scotland Yard tomorrow morning. And—the beach bar was stocked with diverse bottles of very old single malt whiskey—my chances of earning the extra outstanding €300,000 had multiplied exponentially.
Back to earth. My mobile rang. It was Sr. Pujol from Barcelona. He was just calling me on the off-chance in order to enquire whether there was any possibility of our meeting at his group's offices in Barcelona at the end of this week; that would then allow me to start at the shipping company in Palma first thing on Monday morning. Cheeky to say the least, putting pressure on your new consultant before he has even started.
But my mood was a good one and after some quick thinking, I said that I could agree provisionally. A great sacrifice, a major reorganization of my work and travel schedule, issues with my current project, but O.K., provided he appreciated that this might result in my having to fly a couple of times to the U.K. for a day or two during the next few weeks. He was happy to agree with that and he owes me one. Or he thinks he does. My thinking told me to tell him that I could make it for Friday around 1 p.m. That way I could drive overnight on Thursday from Okriftel to Barcelona and take the night ferry to Palma on the Friday. No need for a hotel in Barcelona, I still preferred to keep Delsey and his crew off my back for as long as possible.
I knew I could probably arrange the pending interviews with Jeremy for a Saturday or a Sunday, but it was good to have agreed alternatives with Sr. Pujol in case Jeremy were to require some unforeseen assistance.
"Brownie," I called. There were the usual thumps and skidding noises as he got to his feet, his mat went sliding across the floor, and downstairs we went to see Monika. She had already been out for a walk, cleared last night's cobwebs. But the day was still warm and she was happy to take another one. We walked down to the river and along it for a while and then we decided that an early meal would be a good idea.
We returned to Marie-Anne's and ordered fish and white wine again ('you two again,' smiled Marie-Anne), while Mr. Brown joined in a football game with some kids who were playing on the grass nearby. I broached the subject of the car. I told her that I would not be taking my Audi to Spain, that all of the cars get scraped and scratched in that country—an exaggeration but not much of one—and that I would be hiring one for the trip and would be leaving on Thursday evening. I didn't get the chance to ask her if she would agree to the hire in her name because her eyes gleamed, she said why hire one, let me use yours and you can take mine, it's scratched enough already. And that was the deal. Her car was a white Golf with one of the bigger engines, probably four or five years old, and it would serve its purpose well in getting me to Barcelona. There are speed limits anyway on the French autoroutes and the Spanish autopistas. And following that it would remain permanently parked for a while, not that Monika needed to know that.
After the meal we had a coffee and she told me that I shouldn't have invited her to such an expensive dinner and that I shouldn't have given her such an outrageously expensive gift and that she had had a wonderful birthday. She also thanked me for putting her to bed but told me I should have undressed her, women prefer that and so do their clothes. And she looked at me with her big brown eyes and a wistful smile on her lips. She said that it was a very sad thing that my work took me away from home all the time.
And as we got up to leave, she didn't take my hand, but she put her arm through mine, and Mr. Brown sniffed his way along in front of us and led us both back home.

DAY 26
Today I decided to do nothing except play chess on the computer and read my book. According to one of the Bible's authors, God also took a day of rest. Although there are opinions to be found here and there that it might have been better had he decided not to.
I also decided to call Jeremy, pressed the green button on his phone.
"Good morning, Peter," he said and I could imagine him sitting in his office in his expensive business suit and wearing one of his expensive collection of ties.
"Good morning, Jeremy. I just thought that I would check to see if everything is O.K. for tomorrow's meeting."
"No problems from my end, Peter. After all, all I have to do is appear at the appointed time and that I shall do."
"Fine. Then I assume you have no objections to my starting my Spain project? I intend to travel there on the day after tomorrow for a kick-off meeting the next day."
"Objections? None at all, Peter. And if I understood you correctly, you will be able to fly over on mutually agreed dates for the remaining interviews. That is still the case?"
"Absolutely, Jeremy. An agreement is an agreement, at least when made between one honorable person and another. I wouldn't apply that to most of the elected birdbrains or the likes of Hitler, of course."
He laughed. "Oh, you have no need to convince me of your non-birdbrain status, Peter, and you are not the Hitler type. And in any case I assume that the small matter of a monetary nature continues to play its minor role."
"I don't mind telling you that that is not very polite of you, Jeremy. For your information, that small matter, as you put it, is smaller for you than it is for me and the role it plays is a major one. But that is not the reason for my keeping to our agreement; I am complying with our agreement because I always comply with my agreements."
"Indeed. I apologize. That was very impolite of me, Peter. And I am benefitting at least as much from our relationship as you are. Please accept my apologies. My sincere apologies."
"Apologies accepted, Jeremy, thank you. Now tell me, how did you know about the asteroid?"
"Know about the asteroid?"
"Yes, how did you know it was due to hit Jupiter yesterday?"
"Peter," he said, "It was not due to hit Jupiter yesterday. That is why your astronomers didn't know anything about it. I actually made it happen, or rather I asked my colleagues to agree to do it for me. They are more conversant with the technical requirements and the mathematical calculations than I am."
"You and your people caused it to happen? I thought you said that you can't influence physical objects, you can't make things move. That you can only influence people's minds by hacking into their cerebral function, by manipulating electrical impulses and the activity of neurons and the like."
"Ah, and that is so," said Jeremy. "We would not be able to physically move an asteroid or any other solid object, or semi-solid come to that. But what we are able to do, we are able to influence the six fundamental interactions of nature. At this point in time your species is only aware of four of them, namely: gravity, electromagnetism and the two nuclear forces. The first two are the ones which are of interest to us here. Gravity is a natural phenomenon in which physical bodies are attracted to each other by a force proportional to their masses. Note that I say masses, not size. And gravity is responsible for many things. It causes dispersed matter to coalesce and to remain coalesced and it is responsible for most of the macroscopic objects in the universe—including your own planet and your sun. Gravity is also responsible for the intensely high temperatures in the interiors of forming planets and stars. Gravity is also the cause of 'weight'. Without gravity, weight would simply not exist."
"And you can influence gravity?" I asked.
"No, no, we can't do that, but we can influence the gravitational forces affecting an object."
"How?"
"Well, first of all, you would need to understand that gravity is not, precisely defined, a force."
"It isn't?"
"No, and your modern physicists already know that. They accept the findings of Einstein's theory of general relativity, which states that gravitation is a consequence of the curvature of space-time, which causes and governs the motion of inertial objects. In other words, it is not a force. And it is something that we can influence."
"I still have my question. How?"
"Well, there is also a second ingredient involved. Electromagnetism."
"What is electromagnetism?"
"Well, Peter, let me see…you presumably know what a magnet is?"
"I think so."
"It is a metal producing an invisible magnetic field which strongly attracts other ferromagnetic materials. Actually, it attracts all substances, but its pull on non-ferromagnetic objects is very weak, hardly noticeable. And its 'unlike' poles are the ones which attract, while its 'like' poles do the opposite, they repel. Now an electromagnet is like a magnet, except that its magnetic force is generated by electricity. In other words, if the electric current stops, it stops being a magnet."
"And?"
"And so magnetic fields are produced by the motion of electrically charged particles and we are able to directly influence the forces which result from that motion. We can influence the activity of those electrically charged particles."
"So you can use your hacking skills to mess around with non-solid forces and/or space-time, and in that way you can affect any solid objects which happen to find themselves under the control of such forces?"
"Yes, and I can't explain it any further than that because not even your physicists would understand. Even their decades-long research into anti-gravitational forces hasn't increased their understanding by very much."
"But you still haven't answered my question, Jeremy, so let me put it to you in a different way. Why do the four—or six—natural phenomena of nature exist in the first place?"
"Ah, now that is a good question, Peter. And the answer is…we don't know. Like you, we merely happen to know that they exist."
"Now that is interesting, so there are some matters you don't know about. And if you don't mind my saying so, Jeremy, that is a good and calming thing for me to hear."
And it was a good and calming thing for me to hear. It was somehow of comfort to me to know that he hadn't taken care of every single detail in that intricate fantasy world of his. And his attempt to explain how that asteroid was moved was therefore vague and incomplete and therefore not to be trusted. Although…the matter of the asteroid still had me puzzled. How could he possibly have known about it?
"In that case," I continued, "I obviously won't be getting an answer to my question. So tell me about the asteroid itself."
"There's not much to tell, Peter. There are millions of asteroids in your solar system and most of them exist within two areas. One of these areas is between Mars and Jupiter, and the other one stretches beyond the orbit of Neptune in what you call the Kuiper belt. The asteroids come in all sizes. The largest one, which you call Ceres, has a diameter of about 1,000 kilometers. Actually, you reclassified that object as a dwarf planet some eight years ago. Next you have 2 Pallas at 544 kilometers diameter and 4 Vesta at 525 kilometers, although the latter has more mass than 2 Pallas. And the minor ones can be as small as a couple of millimeters. In fact, an average 90 tons of these objects descends on your planet every day."
This called for an interruption. "Did you say 90 tons every day?" I queried.
"Yes, Peter. You are bombarded every day by millions of meteors, meteoroids, and meteorites—the latter being your term for objects which actually impact your atmosphere or surface. But as their size is usually anything from that of a grain of sand to the size of a fist, and as they are travelling quite fast (40,000 kilometers per hour would be a common speed), nearly everything vaporizes as it enters your atmosphere. My colleagues simply chose an asteroid which was large enough to make its impact on Jupiter an interesting one for you."
"And what if they had sent it to Earth instead of to Jupiter?" I asked. "Would it have destroyed our planet?"
"Oh no, your planet is too big for an asteroid impact to be able to destroy it. But a large enough asteroid would certainly destroy all life on your planet, if that's what you mean, except—perhaps—for some bacteria. In fact, this has already happened twice in your planet's history, mass extinctions both times. And it will probably happen again, but perhaps not for a very long time. You will, however, continue to have more near-misses like the one that passed very close to you a few years ago."
"Well…you've explained to me how you got that asteroid to leave its orbit, not that I really understand your explanation, but I'll take your word for it. But how did you manage to get it to travel as far as Jupiter in such a short time? It was a very sudden event, virtually without notice in fact."
"Now that was done by utilizing our space-time technology, a science which you might describe, in its simplest form, as a far-reaching extrapolation of your Einstein theories, and for which you would need several years of study to be able to understand it, Peter, assuming, that is, that you were an accomplished physicist in the first place."
"O.K., Jeremy, understood. And accepted. But anyway, many thanks for making the effort to explain. I appreciate it. I guess I just have to accept the fact that the event happened, and that it happened exactly as you said it would happen and exactly when you said it would happen. That is the fact of the matter. So thanks again for the info, and may I wish you a successful meeting tomorrow."
"Oh, successful or otherwise, Peter, it will be intriguing. A close-up view of how your species reacts to something beyond its comprehension. I know you don't believe me, Peter, and they probably won't either. But they, like you, cannot reject facts and it will be interesting to see what they decide. I'll update you on the particulars in due course."
And we said our goodbyes. He was right, I didn't believe him. He hadn't convinced me, he hadn't convinced me at all. His explanations had been far too amateurish, based on an absolute minimum of knowledge, they were far too nebulous, they didn't hold water. In fact, thinking over his rhetoric even more closely, he had not provided me with any intelligible explanations at all.
So there remained the one and only possible conclusion. He must have known about it in advance but didn't want to admit it. He preferred to maintain his carefully and painstakingly fabricated delusion of the alien traveler. But—honest as I am—the one and only possible conclusion was also a difficult one for me to swallow. I was confused and I had, for the first time since I had been involved with him, some doubts about his status as a human being. But don't ask me what the form or consistency of those doubts were, because I didn't know.
And so I took Mr. Brown for a walk, I played some chess on my laptop and studied some end-game situations, and I took Mr. Brown for another walk and I ate at the Italian. I also stayed up reading a large portion of my new book, 'L'élégance du hérisson' by Muriel Barbery—an extraordinarily beautiful book because of its writing and also because of, that rarity, its uniqueness. Not a great book but an eminent one. I must buy a couple of copies of the English translation to use as gifts for a blinking red light or two (would they have kept the title, 'The Elegance of the Hedgehog'?), and to see if they have been able to achieve the herculean task of retaining most or all of its literary accomplishment. And then I went to bed.

DAY 27
I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmic primordial globule. Oh yes.
To a prokaryote to be precise. Prokaryotes such as bacteria and archaea first appeared on this particular planet about 4 billion years ago. Like all living cells, they use the same basic set of nucleotides and amino acids, and they share a limited set of morphologies. I use the present tense here, because some of these organisms are still around.
Around 2 billion years ago, enkaryotic cells arrived on the scene (don't ask me how, maybe God or Allah sent them do you think?) and eventually caused the next major change in cell structure by engulfing bacteria, by means of endosymbiosis, and triggering a co-evolution which finally resulted in organisms such as mitochondria, hydrogenosomes and, in plants and algae, chloroplasts.
But these were still unicellular organisms. The first multicellular organisms began to appear in the planet's oceans around 600 million years ago, in the form of sponges, slime moulds and a variety of similar organisms. And not too long after that, something we call the Cambrian Explosion produced a massive increase in biological diversity, probably caused by the significant increase at that time in photosynthetic activity, the consequence of which was an accumulation of oxygen in our planet's atmosphere.
And so it was that around 500 million years ago plants and fungi began to colonize the land, and they were followed about 350 million years ago by arthropods and other animals of elementary structure. Amniotes and birds began to develop around 150 million years ago in what we refer to as the Jurassic period, and mammals evolved about 20 million years after that. Homininae first began to appear around 10 million years ago. And the human being—the initial anatomical version, as I had explained to Jeremy—evolved around 200,000 years ago. Very similar, at the time, to certain other animals; in fact to this day human beings and chimpanzees share 96% of their genomes.
What evolved, including ourselves, and how it evolved—in fact, how it is still evolving—is, without contradicting proven biological and chemical theses, a matter of pure chance. It is a matter of chance based on several haphazard and unforeseeable occurrences, similar to the ones affecting our planet's weather. For example, the majority of plants and animals reproduce sexually, the defining characteristic of which is recombination, so called because each of the offspring receives 50% of the genetic inheritance from each of the parents. Nobody knows how or why sexual reproduction came into existence, although we do know when—it was in the early history of the enkaryotes—nor do we understand how it has managed to evolve and survive. For it is not only a highly inefficient method of reproduction—an asexual group of organisms can outbreed and displace a similar sexual group in as little as 50 generations—but it is well documented as being a haphazard and sometimes dangerous method as well. The genetic reshuffling produced by the random nature of recombination can, and often does, break up favorable combinations of genes. And it can cause unforeseen mutations.
Another example of the random nature of evolution is the way predators and their prey have developed. Both have always needed to continuously develop and enhance their attack and defence mechanisms in order to survive, the predator in order not to die of hunger, and the prey in order not to be slaughtered into extinction. The continuous evolution of the increasing strength of toxins and antitoxins in certain animals, including limbless reptiles, is a perfect example of this. And sometimes the predator has become extinct, and sometimes the prey has become extinct, depending on the comparative efficiency and/or the speed of their individual evolutionary processes. Depending, in other words, on chance.
And extinction events play a major role overall. It is interesting to note that extinctions of species occur regularly, the best-known one being the Cretaceous-Paleogene event, in which all non-avian dinosaurs were eliminated. In fact, nearly all plant and animal species that have ever lived on the Earth are now extinct. And we have a mass extinction event going on right now, the Holocene event we call it. It has only been with us for a few thousand years, for the simple reason that it is associated with humanity's expansion around the globe. It is a very deadly extinction event and it is working at a very high speed. And the human animal is the primary cause.
And so we are just a dot in the history of evolution, part of a long, long series of speciation and extinction events. The fossils tell no lies. And extinction, like it or not, is in any case the ultimate fate of all species.
So…that is my ancestry and, since all organisms on our planet derive from a common ancestral gene pool, it is yours as well. We are the products of evolutionary chance, a system created by a deity or deities, or otherwise, take your pick. Or don't take your pick if you don't want to. I don't. The big mysteries remain unsolved including the unanswered question of where did those prokaryotes come from in the first place and how did they manage to come into existence—on Earth or anywhere else—if they didn't exist before?
The cause of these idle evolutionary ruminations on a nice sunny Wednesday morning was, of course, Jeremy Parker.
That asteroid business had me thinking outside of the box, a fine expression for which we owe a debt to the Americans, and which I apply as necessary in my consultancy work when faced with major and seemingly insoluble problems. Hypotheses in other words, and mainly of the 'what if…?' kind, and as crazy as you care to make them. What if Jeremy Parker were an alien? And what if Jeremy Parker and his brothers were capable of eliminating us, should they choose to do so? It would, after all, be just another extinction event, it wouldn't have the slightest effect on our solar system, or on our galaxy or on the universe. It would be like destroying an ants' nest, it wouldn't have any effect on anything—or to be more precise, it wouldn't have any noticeable effect on anything, notwithstanding that legendary time-travel story to the contrary. You know the one I mean. The one in which the butterfly got trodden on.
So…what if? The only thing to try and do would be to persuade them to please not do it. Which was exactly what was already under way, albeit with a well-nigh insurmountable condition attached—getting our birdbrains to agree on something in the first place, and in the second place getting them to do something about it. So there was no point in even thinking about it. Superfluous worry. And in any case, the idea was ridiculous anyway. He couldn't be an alien. He was, and without doubt the police had already substantiated it as an irrefutable fact, Jeremy Parker, ex-inmate of an institution for the mentally disturbed. An insane person with unusual hypnotic powers and very advanced astronomical knowledge.
And that, of course, was equally as far-fetched. So drop the subject,. Carry on earning the money and time, as time is wont to do, will eventually deliver an answer to the conundrum.
This thinking had carried me through the morning outing with Mr. Brown. It had been interrupted by a salad lunch in Monika's apartment, but it took hold of me again in the afternoon without bringing me an inch closer to any form of rational conclusion. I mean, asteroids for goodness' sake.
* * * * *
It was eight p.m. and I was just about to leave to go to Marie-Anne's for something to eat, when Jeremy's 'phone rang. Seven p.m. his time of course.
"The meeting finished a short while ago," said Jeremy, "and it was an interesting experience."
"What happened?" I asked. I could think of all kinds of ludicrous outcomes, but at least he didn't seem to have been held for further questioning. 'Held' is of course the wrong word; that would only be possible if he felt like being held.
"Well, they certainly have some security there," he said. "and it included a body-search. I was told that the prime minister would not be meeting me on his own, that he would have some high-level aides present. And so I told them I was leaving."
"And what then?"
"Well, they had obviously anticipated this possibility and after some mutterings here and some mumblings there and some whispered mobile communication, I was shown into a room which had clearly been especially prepared for the purpose. There was a bullet-proof partition of some transparent material or other, a microphone, several cameras recording the scene, and so on. And there were several armed security people outside the door of course. And then the prime minister entered through a door on the other side of the room."
"So you did get to meet with him on your own?" I asked. Well, well.
"Yes," he said. "The prime minister told me that the Jupiter event, together with the occurrence in Piccadilly ten days ago, had been more than convincing and was sufficient for him to accede to a meeting—highly unusual though this one was. I told him that the cameras were not a problem for me but that, in his own interests also, it would not be a good idea for any live audio surveillance to be in operation, at least not for the first ten minutes. After that, he could switch it on if he wished, or even have more people join him. No problem, his decision."
"And how did he react to that?"
"He didn't blink an eyelid, Peter, he just said that that was understood."
"Very cooperative."
"Yes, I think he realized that this could possibly turn out to be a momentous meeting; but only possibly of course. In any event, he made a call and had the audio shut down."
"O.K., so he was keeping an open mind but, obviously, no more than that."
"Quite. He might also have been thinking," said Jeremy, "that he could become the biggest laughing stock in history if he weren't extremely careful."
"I don't blame him."
"No…well, I simply told him the truth, or most of it. I told him that I was an alien inhabiting a human body. I didn't tell him that I was a student, that would have made it even more confusing and would have complicated my explanation as to how today's situation had arisen. I merely informed him of the situation, I told him of the terminal danger involved, I told him why, and I told him what the only potential solution was. The human race has to change itself, it has to change what it is and how it is. The same as I told you, Peter. Human beings have to stop being aggressive and a menace to other species, as well as to themselves. The slaughtering has got to stop, and you have to mutate into benevolent beings, provably so."
"And how did he take that?"
"He didn't believe me. The 'occurrences' were obviously of tremendous ongoing interest to him but, like you, he merely put them down to the amazing telepathic powers I apparently possess. He was skeptical of course, like everybody else including yourself, Peter. Nevertheless, he was mightily puzzled by the asteroid event. He was assuming it had to have some technical or scientific explanation of which he was as yet unaware."
"So what did he do?"
"He continued to treat me with extreme courtesy which, for a man in his position and given the fact that he presumed he was dealing with a seriously deranged person, was a laudable demonstration of educational excellence."
"Or intelligence," I said. "Don't forget, his main interest has to be how he and his country can lay their hands on these unheard of brain-hacking powers—or, alternatively, how they can persuade you to agree to use them exclusively for their benefit and not for anybody else's. And at the same time, Jeremy, he and his colleagues are probably scared witless anyway about what you could do with these unheard-of powers, should you ever take it into your head to use them for your own purposes or, God forbid, for someone else's."
"Yes, that too—just like you, Peter." And I heard him enjoying a pleasurable chuckle on the other end of the phone. "On the other hand, he didn't ask for the audio equipment to be reactivated, and so we continued our conversation one on one."
"So what happened then?"
"I told him that this was the only meeting I was prepared to have with him. Either he could manage to persuade the major powers—as many as possible, but at least China, Russia and the USA—to meet and start working to resolve his species' detestable characteristics, or the matter was closed. But that if such a meeting were to be organized, I would be prepared to assist by attending that meeting personally. At which point in time, Peter, you would also be receiving the extra payment we agreed upon." And I heard him chuckling at that too.
"And what did the prime minister say to that?"
"He said he would, if I didn't mind, like to ask me two favors. I said it depended on what the favors were. The first one, he said, would be for me to have some of his on-site colleagues—but not the security personnel—come into this room, take off their shoes, get down on all fours, and start bleating like sheep. Just for a few seconds, he said, and then they could leave the room again. The cameras would continue to function and record all of this. He asked if I could possibly do that."
"He's not stupid. He wanted more proof. For himself, and afterwards for his colleagues. I can understand that."
"Yes. Well…I did it for him. He was of course disconcerted, astounded, and speechless; to the extent that I had to ask him what the second favor was. Ah, he said, now that would be one which would frighten the other countries' leaders sufficiently to have them agree to an initial summit meeting. Something they could all know about in advance and be told by their experts that it couldn't happen. It couldn't be anything that would cause any harm, I said. I understand, he said, so how about another asteroid, he asked, a very big one, and on the planet closest to us. Venus, he said."
"Venus?"
"Venus. But I had to tell him that whichever planet is the closest one to Earth can change by the day, by the month or by the year. It could be Mars, it could be Venus or it could be Mercury depending on which point in time, although, admittedly, Venus is the one which can come closest. And Mercury's proximity only occurs every few thousand years. But Venus would be a waste of time in any case, I said. Its atmosphere, which is the densest atmosphere of all of your planets and is mostly carbon dioxide, is covered with an opaque layer of highly reflective clouds made up of sulphuric acid, and they prevent you from being able to see its surface—and consequently any impact on its surface."
"And so he chose Mars?"
"Yes, and very appropriate too, I thought," said Jeremy.
"Appropriate?"
"Yes, because my research tells me that the name Mars reflects two of your species' main characteristics."
"And those are?"
"Religion and killing. Mars was one of your gods, before you decided to switch your adherences to other ones. He was, in fact, your Roman god of war."
"Ha, ha, Jeremy. I see what you mean."
"Yes. Anyway…that is the planet we agreed upon. And I will provide the coordinates of the impact tomorrow morning to the deputy prime minister after receiving the information from my colleagues. I also suggested next Monday as the date. That will give everyone's physicists and astronomers plenty of time to make whatever preparations they deem necessary to be able to focus on the event in a concentrated manner. An event which, for them, is unforeseeable."
"And how is he going to use this incident to try and force a summit meeting?"
"It will instill fear, Peter. As we have discussed previously, fear is the one emotion which all of the species in the universe understand and react to."
"Maybe," I said, "but what you are after here is collective fear. Not so easy."
"Same thing, Peter," he replied. "My studies have shown me that in your species the amygdala is the brain structure that is the center of most neurobiological events associated with fear. It is located behind the pituitary gland. It generates the secretion of hormones and, among other things, facilitates the 'memorization'—through synaptic plasticity—of situations which incite fear. Fear is induced by a perceived threat. This can be of something known, such as death, or of something unknown, such as the dark and what may or may not be hidden by it. And there are various possible reactions to such threats."
"Such as?" I interrupted.
"Such as dread, horror, panic, flight, or concealment. Such as paralysis. And of course, such as anger and confrontation. And the greatest fear of all, as you yourself have pointed out before, is the fear of ceasing to exist. And, as you have also made clear, fear is the main motivation for your religions. The carrot, you said, is that if you listen to us, and believe in us, and do as we advise, you will live forever. And if you don't…well, here are the threats. My research has in the meantime confirmed that your species' religious fears have existed for thousands of years and have even driven you humans to frequently commit murder."
"Murder?"
"Yes. You said it yourself last week and I have done some checking. You mentioned sacrifices to your 'Sun Gods' and a variety of similar deities—my research shows that this involved the killing of children, women, animals and occasionally men, depending on whatever you thought the god you were scared of wanted, and whom you were therefore trying to please. The Crusades. The Inquisition. The various 'Holy Wars'. And even your invention of the existence of witches and the consequent torturing and slaughtering of hundreds of thousands of them, both here in Europe and in the USA—Salem is an example which sticks in my mind. All the product of fear."
"So the fear of ceasing to exist is as strong collectively as it is individually?"
"Yes."
"And how do you intend to successfully induce this fear?"
"The fear of imminent death?" said Jeremy with a smile, "I haven't thought about it Peter. But it's easy. First of all, the Mars event will scare most of them but, incredibly, not all of them. They will want to be convinced further. And there are a thousand ways. But we'll let them choose. They are perfectly capable of picking on some event horrific enough to convince themselves."
"Mmm…"
"The prime minister will not, obviously, tell them about a sick person who claims to be an alien. That wouldn't work, and they would laugh at him. And anyway he doesn't know what to believe himself at this point in time. No…I suggested to him that he should say his country has developed a powerful new weapon, powerful beyond imagination. And that he is going to demonstrate it. And that he believes that knowledge and power of this immensity should come under international control and supervision, that it should be jointly shared and controlled by all of the leaders of your species. And only by all of them. And to that he agreed. That will work, he said."
"And so how did the meeting finish?" I asked.
"Very politely, very courteously. He thanked me for coming and said that he would now be meeting with his associates, the ones he most confided in. And that, really, was that. It went quite well, in my view, and he didn't have the audio switched on at any time. Naturally, he will be telling his associates what he won't be telling his summit partners, namely that I am a lunatic who thinks he is an alien occupying a human body—but they will be taking my telepathic powers and my abilities to influence extraterrestrial objects—or at least, to forecast their movements—even more seriously than before."
I thanked Jeremy for the update. I took Mr. Brown for a walk down to Marie-Anne's and I had a very fine filet steak…trés cuit as usual. Then we went home, I gave him his evening meal, and I went downstairs for a coffee with Monika. The coffee took a long time. A long and erotic time and the devil came knocking at my door as you might suppose. And, needless to say, he came knocking at Monika's door as well and hers was usually somewhat ajar, if you will excuse the expression. But mine remained firmly locked. The trouble of course is that the devil is a persistent, persuasive and patient bugger and time, as the debauched and voyeuristic bastard well knows, is on his side.
I smoked the day's last cigarette on my balcony and idly wondered, not having had the benefit of the IHT today, how many conflict deaths there had been on our planet yesterday.

DAY 28
I woke up thinking—surprise, surprise—about Jeremy Parker and his asteroid manipulation stories. My neurons were refusing to be duped in this manner. It was an affront to their intelligence and to the unwavering pride they had in their unassailable ability to explain everything and anything existing or occurring on or within their home planet. It was merely a question of taking the required steps to acquire the necessary knowledge on each occasion, and to use that knowledge and extrapolate it into an appropriate and befitting conclusion.
What had Jeremy Parker done this time? The neurons had thought about it, they had considered it, they had performed an analytical review of the facts, and they had formulated a conclusion. They didn't know much about Mars and I wasn't going to spend my time to allow them to add to their few basic nuggets of information on the Internet. So they had just had to work with what they had.
It didn't matter whether Mars was one of the closest planets to Earth or not. What mattered was that Mars was much closer to the asteroid belt and was consequently in the unfortunate position of facing a bigger risk of being struck from that source. Struck by asteroids, meteorites or comets—they are all just flying lumps of rock or rubble and/or ice—within the orbit of Jupiter and/or of the sun. Mars has over 43,000 detectable impact craters of five kilometers or more in diameter, and there could have been a lot more were it not for its atmosphere. Unlike, for example, our moon, Mars has an atmosphere, albeit 95% carbon dioxide and albeit very thin, but it has served to protect it to some degree from many of the smaller objects intent on colliding with it, because they burn or break up entirely when hitting that atmosphere.
Nevertheless, and even though it is only around half the size of Earth, there is no doubt that Mars is a prime candidate if you are on the hunt for a local bombardment range. Not that Mars is hit, in our terms, very frequently. But in galactic terms, it has been hit very frequently. And so, my neurons had concluded, on the one hand our friend Jeremy has a more than acceptable candidate for bombardment, and on the other he has some tremendous astronomical knowledge which permits him to know that next Monday, as it happens, an object of a decent size is due to impact Mars' surface. The same explanation as for the Jupiter impact. He has the knowledge.
Not very convincing, I told my neurons, the backup for the logic is extremely shaky. Agreed, they replied, but there is no other possible explanation. The only alternative, that alien powers are at play, is impossible. Don't forget that it was Jeremy himself who justified the choice of Mars, admittedly not very difficult for him to do, and don't forget that it was also Jeremy who named the date. He simply happens to have the requisite knowledge.
All of this took me through the shit, shave and shower routine. I am not going to worry about it. With all due respect to my neurons, both explanations are ridiculous. And on top of that, there is nothing else that is possible. So I am not going to let the subject ruin my day, or any of my other days come to that, no point.
I asked Mr. Brown to accompany me to the gas station and we had just reached the bottom of the stairs when Monika came bursting out of her apartment.
"Peter," she said, fighting off Mr. Brown's morning greetings as best she could, "It's good that I caught you. I heard you on the stairs. My sister has been taken to hospital. She says she has cancer. She will be operated on. I told her I would be with her by lunchtime. She lives in Leverkusen."
I never knew she had a sister, the subject had somehow never arisen. Cancer being one of the nastiest of the many incompetent blunders committed while designing the human being, the only thing you can do is hope that it happens to other people; like all of the other potential disasters lying in wait for you as you try to make it through your allotted time. Had I been allowed to manage the draughtman's office, things would have turned out differently. But I wasn't asked, and so life, said Woody Allen—I think it was him—is short and hard and then you die. That is a factual statement and he gets full marks from me for that.
"I am so sorry…" I began.
"Peter, thank you. I'll see how it is when I get there. The question is, do I take your car? You are leaving tonight."
"Yes," I said and I went back upstairs to pick up the vehicle documentation and the keys and we made the swap.
She gave me a very long kiss. A very long loving kiss, not an erotic one.
"What about Mr. Brown?" I asked.
"Don't worry, I'll be back home some time tonight. Definitely."
"But what if you can't? What if you have an accident?"
"Then I'll make sure Marie-Anne takes care of him. She loves dogs."
"But what if you are injured, what if you can't call her?"
"Peter, don't worry," she replied. "I am going to give her my key to your apartment right now. She will take him for a walk tonight and she will keep him with her until I get back. And if I don't get back, she will keep him with her for as long it takes until you get back. But I would need your hotel details in Spain. She or I would have to let you know if a problem arises. And in the worst case scenario, we would make sure he ended up in the dogs' holiday home. Don't worry, Peter, Mr. Brown is my friend, I love him, I'll make sure nothing happens to him."
Yes, and he is my friend too, and I also love him. His well-being is as important to me as anything else in my life. And that would have remained the case even if Céline had come into it, which she hadn't. I checked my mobile's address book and gave Monika the hotel name and address and the telephone number, and she gave me another very affectionate kiss and then she was gone. I will miss her greatly as usual.
I lit up a cigarette and Mr. Brown and I headed off to the gas station. Then we went down to the river and I had two coffees and three more cigarettes at Marie-Anne's and I read my newspaper—exactly ninety conflict deaths today—while Mr. Brown bounded, jumped and sniffed his way around the park area. And then we went along to my bank and I picked up a large amount of cash. I didn't want to assist anybody by having to use my cash card or my credit cards during the next few weeks.
Back at the ranch I checked my mail and my bank account. The latter showed me that the €25,200 from United Fasteners had arrived. Life was good.
Delsey called. Very polite this time. Very, very polite.
"Mr. O'Donaghue, good morning," he said.
"Oh, Mr. Delsey, good morning," I replied.
"I am sorry to trouble you," he went on, "but there is considerable concern at the highest level."
I didn't say anything.
"The prime minister's meeting with Mr. Parker apparently went very well. We have not been given any of the details, but it appears that the matter could well be one of national importance and that another…mmm…event is due to take place next Monday which is likely to confirm that. First of all, I and my superiors would like to thank you for the role you played in persuading us to have the matter raised at this high level. We would also like to apologize for initially doubting the veracity of your assertions and we hope you appreciate that our reactions at that time were…mmm…logical ones, understandable ones indeed, in view of the nature of the circumstances."
"Certainly I understand Mr. Delsey," I said. "The whole thing is completely outside of anybody's normal experience."
"Yes. Well…thank you. Now…we have not been told what next Monday's event will be, but we have been requested to ask for your assistance and cooperation in addressing a concern raised by the prime minister."
"And that concern is?"
"That concern is how to reestablish contact with Mr. Jeremy Parker, should contact with him be lost for whatever reason. In such an event, would you be prepared to provide us with your cooperation on that?"
"I would be prepared to try, Mr. Delsey. But you appreciate what difficulties might arise if Mr. Parker were to decide that he didn't wish to be contacted."
"Yes…indeed, quite clearly. Well, Mr. O'Donaghue, it is very kind of you to agree to make the attempt should the need arise. May I assume I have your agreement for me to report back along those lines?"
He was certainly being very careful, possibly the conversation was being recorded as well.
"Yes, Mr. Delsey, you do," I said.
"Thank you, Mr. O'Donaghue. By the way, I assume you are at home at the moment?" As if he didn't know.
"Yes, I'm at home. In Germany." But I wouldn't be in a few hours' time, my friend.
"Well, then I wish you a pleasant day," he said, "and thank you for your continuing cooperation in this matter. It will be much appreciated by all concerned."
And then I went to bed and slept on and off for as long as I could. Unless you are mentally deficient, you need to be well rested before setting off on these long night drives. When I got up, I switched my mobile phone off and stored it in the linen cupboard, I packed a big suitcase, I put my laptop in my shoulder bag and I stored the cash in a safety pouch I use when on vacation and which is worn inside the waistband. I gave Mr. Brown another walk, I gave him his meal, I gave him the other half of his chocolate and I hugged him goodbye. My faithful friend and companion, I will miss him as usual.
It was round 9 p.m. when I went down to Monika's car and stored the luggage. I hung three lightweight suits and a summer jacket in the back of the car, I checked that all the lights were working, I adjusted the seat and the mirrors, and then I drove off. I tanked up at the gas station and fixed the tyre pressures, always a couple of notches higher, front and rear, than the manufacturer's recommendation. And then it was onto the A66, and east towards Frankfurt in order to pick up the A5 going south.
The A5 takes you straight down past Karlsruhe and Freiburg to Basel in Switzerland and I would normally have chosen this route. You then continue on through Bern, Lausanne and Geneva and that is the point at which you enter France. But I wanted to avoid Switzerland and the passport check of a non-EU country. Not a serious matter, but I wanted to leave as few traces lying around as possible and in any case Monika's car didn't need to advertise a Swiss autoroute toll sticker on its windscreen. And so I cut off the A5 before reaching Basel and entered France on the A36 to Mulhouse. There is in fact very little difference in the distance travelled whichever route you choose.

DAY 29
It is just over 1,500 kilometers by road from Frankfurt to Barcelona and it is all autobahn and autoroute and autopista. At night you are quickly through Germany and into France and after that you can safely travel at just over their speed limit, say at around 140 kilometers per hour. And so the total driving time to Barcelona, allowing for reduced speeds here and there for road works and the like, and for the French and Spanish toll payments, is about 12 hours. Theoretically, that is. But add on the two stops needed to tank the car—and possibly another one just before Barcelona—the coffee breaks, and the time lost in the heavy morning traffic in Spain, and you are looking at a realistic estimate of 14 hours total.
After Mulhouse you drive past Besançon and switch onto the A6 down to Lyon, La Route du Soleil, and you just stay on the autoroutes all the way to Montpellier and Perpignan. And then you coast through into Spain and past Gerona and on down into Barcelona.
Driving at night suits me. I have good eyesight and I don't tire easily and you get to where you want to much faster than you can with daytime traffic volumes. Of course you miss a lot of the French countryside until the planet's anticlockwise spin exposes this section to the sun's rays again, but that's the price you have to pay. And it is a price. Whether it's the Massif Central, the Alps, Provence, Brittany, the Loire valley, the Pyrenees, the Basque country around Biarritz or wherever, France is one beautiful country.
And that is not the only thing I like about France. I like their language, I like their chansons, I like their food, I like their movies, I like their wine and I like their women. I love their women in fact. French women are very conscious of the fact that they are female and they are very conscious of the fact that you are male, and they like to keep it that way. They don't try to change themselves and they don't try to adopt or copy male characteristics. If a man stares longer than he should at an attractive French woman, mentally undressing her as usual and having his usual sexual dreams, she takes it as a compliment and not, like many of her mutated western counterparts these days, as an insult. She is more au fait with life, sexually and intellectually. And even if she only has twenty Euros with which to buy a blouse and a skirt, she still manages to look chic and feminine and female. Don't ask me how or why, it's just the way it is. And I like the French people in general also. This is admittedly only possible if you take the trouble to learn their language properly, rather than wandering around their country spouting a load of unintelligible, grammatically incorrect, Birmingham-accented junk. Because then they don't like you and you do not, correspondingly, like them. Nor do they have a problem with that; the problem is yours if you want to make it one.
I had some great classical music going as I drove on down into Spain. The sun was shining merrily in its habitual Spanish manner and I was feeling pretty good. The Céline ache was receding inexorably into the very depths of the archives of matters past, albeit the section reserved for painful ones.
Spain is a very different kettle of fish from France. It is—except for the north-western area and part of the Pyrenees—a much browner place, a more parched, arid and dusty country, which even the stunted pines to be found in this north-eastern coastal area cannot disguise. There are also plenty of dilapidated, uncared-for or abandoned buildings—although not nearly as many as in Italy of course, the Italians rival the ex-Soviet Union countries in that respect—and this tells you that you are in a different environment from the moment you cross the border. The culture is different too, not surprisingly in view of the fact that most of the country was dominated for centuries by the Arabs. Even the Spanish language contains thousands of words derived from the Arabic.
In fact it is the language, more than anything else, which is the distinguishing feature of this country's culture. Someone once said—and I concur fully with whomever it was—that in order to be able to have a conversation with a Spaniard, you have to learn how to shout while you listen. To this we have to add the use of the hands and the arms and sometimes other body parts, which play an important role in both grammatical punctuation and descriptive syntax. And finally, we must include the frequent usage of obscene—but in Spain, not necessarily offensive—nouns and verbs such as 'cunt' and 'fuck', spoken, as already indicated, at loudspeaker volumes irrespective of where you happen to be. 'Hola, coño' is a friendly way of greeting an acquaintance. 'Joder!' is an amicable expression of concurrence and/or wonder. 'No me jodas!' translates literally as 'don't fuck me', but is a polite enough assertion of surprise. 'Hijo de puta' can be a friendly greeting you receive, or it can be used as a direct insult of the kind involving your mother and yourself. And the latter is also true for 'La leche' which refers to your mother's milk rather than a cow's, but politely refrains from advising in which context or exactly what was wrong with it—polite omissions which in fact can stoke the recipient's imagination to the point where irritation and displeasure mutate into a passionate display of uncontrolled wrath. These delightful expressions are accepted in restaurants and in the presence of women and the list is a long one. A different culture, you understand.
* * * * *
But I am digressing again. It was slower than usual entering Barcelona, it being a Friday morning. But it was still only just after eleven as I drove down the ramp into the underground car park near the Paseo de Gracia—Passeig de Gracia is what it's called since they translated it into Catalan. I put my shaving kit and a tube of toothpaste and a change of clothes into my shoulder bag and took one of the suits and ties from the car and headed up into the street. It was already hot, pushing 30˚ centigrade and very humid. That is a problem I have with Barcelona, the frequent humidity. I can take 40˚ in Madrid any day. It is usually a dry heat due to the fact that the city sits on a plateau at around 650 meters above sea level. But Barcelona is the kind of place with days when you can take a shower, walk for twenty meters, and then need to take another one.
Knowing this, I put my plan into action. Señor Pujol's offices were close by, just around the corner in fact in the Calle—or Carrer as the Catalan has it—de Mallorca, and there were two or three good hotels just down the road. I walked into the first one and told them I wished to book a room for a week but that I had to attend an important meeting in about half an hour's time and was there anywhere I could change until whatever time it was that a room would become available. Yes sir, there were los servicios just down the corridor and if I would be so kind as to leave my passport, they would prepare the reservation in the meantime. My room would be available by 2 p.m. at the latest. Ah, I said, my passport was unfortunately in the car but as I would be taking my travelling clothes back there and picking up my suitcase, I would bring the passport along then. The logic to this has some tolerably large holes in it of course, but the reception guy said yes sir, no problem at all sir.
I was on my own in the toilets and I gave myself a very quick shave. A guy came in and peed and went out again, and I took the risk of giving myself a lightning body wash—or a half-body wash I should say. And then I went into one of the cubicles and changed, polished my shoes with the toilet paper, cleaned my teeth using a finger, and bounced out into the lobby feeling half-human again, a condition to which the hotel's air-conditioning had also contributed. I waved at the reception guy and gave him a smile and walked back to the car and dumped the clothes.
I did not go back to the hotel. If you wish to make any derogatory remarks about my fraudulent use of their services, please go ahead. I will merely point out that it cost them nothing and it did no harm and I prefer not to enter into further discussion on the subject. I went to an air-conditioned cafeteria and had two cups of good Illy coffee while flipping through the establishment's Vanguardia. One hundred and twenty two conflict deaths yesterday. Just another dot on the human landscape, given the fact that there were also another 350,000 births yesterday, give or take a few, depending on the day.
The offices of Industria y Transportes Pujol S.A. were in one of those century-old elegant buildings which abound in Barcelona and I arrived there at five minutes to two. The reception area was modern and the air-conditioning was modern, but everything else was…traditionally musty, I suppose you would say.
But the girl at reception was not musty. The girl at reception was one of those immediately forgettable members of the female population, one of the ones your neurons immediately bar from entry into any of their memory compartments. She had dyed blonde hair, she had huge breasts squashed into a blouse a size too small, maybe two sizes too small, her lipstick and other miscellaneous paints and powders had been applied in what one could only describe as genuine whorehouse fashion, and her perfume was of the inexpensive type whose scent bears a close resemblance to some kind of household cleaning product. In addition, and unless I was mistaken, her deodorant was not of the 24-hour kind. Basically, a Spanish slag.
Which didn't say much for her boss. And that fitted perfectly with my impression of him when I was shown into his office. He sat behind a huge desk in an office large enough for three American presidents (if you were to accuse me of exaggerating, you would not be wrong, but the office dimensions were verily huge, so I am forgiven), all wood-paneled, expensive antique furniture, photographs of factories and ships and ancestral business personages on the walls, and various photographs of himself smiling and shaking hands with men who, one supposed, were important ones, maybe elected birdbrains. He stood up to greet me and I noticed that he was very small. He, for his part, noticed that I was very tall. And never shall the twain get on with each other, or seldom, and the problem tends to emanate from the smaller ones. They have, absurdly, an inferiority complex based on their size. Tall men have no such complex and tend to take people at their face value.
There used to be an extremely large number of small people in Spain, ongoing through General Franco's dictatorship right into the mid-seventies. We must remember that for many decades Spain was an extremely poor country. Europe stopped at the Pyrenees and Spain was full of shanty towns, hundreds of thousands of people lived in chabolas, they didn't have enough to eat and, yes, they also used to eat chicken feet. And they grew up small. Things have changed since then but there are still some genetic survivors today and Sr. Pujol was one of them. He must have been between fifty and sixty years of age, although if excessive hair growth in the ears and nostrils is a reliable indicator, sixty would be nearer the mark. And he had a pencil moustache. A thin pencil moustache, and when he smiled, his face resembled very closely that of a limbless predator regarding a nearby mouse.
None of which bothered me. In my job you meet all kinds and I have only two things on my plate, no matter with whom I am dealing. The first is that I want to earn a lot of good money and the second is that I am going to go all out to show them how good I am and achieve, or preferably exceed, whatever expectations they might have. Nothing else interests me except—I don't need to mention it—any edible females who may happen to cross my path.
Sr. Pujol had a written contract for me to sign. Everything was in order: €500 per day until I said I could fix things and would stay on to do so, and €1,200 per day after that. Both parties had contract termination rights, without notice, without cause and without penalties or indemnities of any kind. I signed.
The meeting was a long one, mainly because Sr. Pujol spent significant swathes of time describing his business group's successes—exaggerated or otherwise—and taking me back through the long, boring history of it. He finally got around to Naviera Pujol, his Palma-based, loss-making container shipping business. The losses had existed for some years and he and his executives had initially wasted their time blaming the country's economic crises, Europe's economic crises, then the competition and then the market-place, and now the losses had ballooned to around €10 million annually. And now they didn't know who or what to blame (it was somebody's fault but, just as with the birdbrains, it clearly couldn't be theirs). The banks wouldn't lend any more money, the shipping subsidiary was eating up too much of the group's cash, they had looked around for potential buyers but nobody was interested except at a silly price, and he and his board members were at a loss. The only alternative to closing the company, selling off the ships cheaply, and writing off a fortune, was, he said, me. I had a very powerful reputation, he said, I was strongly recommended by various sources.
I told him not to get his hopes up. I told him I hadn't the faintest idea as to whether I could fix his company's problem or not. I might know in a week or two but the answer might be no, I can't.
This deflated him alright and his face, despite the absence of a nearby mouse, took on a more distinct reptilian profile. A good thing too, maybe there was no solution. And apart from anything else, I hadn't the faintest knowledge of anything to do with the shipping industry. Having made things clear, I then slipped in the positive factor, as I always do, by telling him that if I decided I could fix it, I would stay on and do just that. When I say I can see how to turn a company around, I said, I always do. I told him that I was an action man, that I did not write reports, that I was too busy doing things to be able to write reports, and that if he wanted to receive any reports they would have to be verbal ones.
This re-inflated him somewhat and his face took on a more jovial aspect. His reptilian grin was certainly a repulsive sight, but at least it was a grin, it was the best he could do.
He gave me a copy of last year's balance sheet and profit & loss account, together with some supporting documentation. And he babbled away about this and he waffled away about that, managing only to demonstrate that he didn't have much idea of what he was talking about. You find this sometimes, even at this level of management.
I asked him for a copy of this year's accounts and he said there weren't any, they only did them annually. And you find that sometimes too, companies without monthly financial statements, ships without a rudder, even in this modern day and age. And as all consultants know, even if you are only a one-eyed man, one-eyed men are still kings among the blind.
The meeting had taken several hours. I was parched—he had offered me nothing to drink, the guy was a pretty useless guy overall—and I badly needed a cigarette. And so I was more than pleased when he finally stood up, wished me a successful assignment, told me the obvious, that time was of the essence, and informed me that the general manager of the shipping company was expecting my visit at 9 a.m. on the Monday. I should please hand in my expense reports to the shipping company in Palma and the invoices for my fees to him in Barcelona, and I should feel free to call him personally at any time and on any issue whatsoever. Ah, he said, and I almost forgot, here is a company mobile phone, I assume yours is a German one and we don't need all those inflated international charges every time you make a local call, do we?
I hit the street, lit a cigarette, stored the mobile's cable in my pocket and checked out the phone's function. Another small piece of flotsam, or jetsam if you prefer, washed up gently onto my life's sandy beach. I could now call Monika or anybody else without Delsey's troops being able to trace me, from my end at least.
It was early evening and still hot and humid. I returned to the car and re-substituted my business gear for my travelling gear, turned the air-conditioning on full blast and drove the short distance down to the port and then turned south and headed towards the industrial docks area. I checked the area around the entrance to the dock enclosure used by Naviera Pujol for its Palma-Barcelona-Palma traffic, and then turned back and headed for one of the few long-term car parks.
Barcelona is an important city, the tenth largest in Europe. It is also home to Europe's largest football stadium and Europe's largest aquarium, and its port is the ninth largest in Europe. This has recently been undergoing enlargement by diverting the Llobregat river estuary and pushing back the Llobregat Delta nature reserve. So what's new? Life on this planet is tough, and nature—what is left of it—only has more suffering to look forward to as the human being continues to savage remaining habitats. But Barcelona is a city which falls short on parking. Parking is rare and expensive and long-term parking facilities are minimal. There are no such facilities in the port terminal area and it is good if you happen to know about the nearby Litoral Port car park in La Barceloneta, as I do, particularly if you happen to have arrived by car to go on a long cruise ship holiday. You can park here for as long as you want and the rates are, for Barcelona, acceptable.
So that is where Monika's car ended up. I squashed my suits and jacket into the suitcase and I had a decent meal in a tapas bar nearby and then I took a taxi along to the ferry terminals which are near the Columbus monument at the bottom of La Rambla. The Palma ferry departs at eleven p.m. every night of the week except for Saturdays—Saturdays being possible only at the height of the holiday season.
I bought my ticket and I hung around in the terminal, an area which could be mistaken for a cage of enraged local gorillas conducting a civil war by loudspeaker, until we were allowed to board.

DAY 30
The crossing to Palma is supposed to take seven hours, but time in Mediterranean countries being subject to an alternative measurement system, you need to translate this into eight hours, and so indeed it was. Not that it troubled me. Exhaustion hit me as soon as I reached my cabin and I collapsed into the narrow bed, feet hanging way over the end as usual, and I slept the whole way.
I had not bothered to reserve a room in my hotel in Illetas. It is a very expensive hotel and it is for adults only and it is often not full at this time of the year. Except that on this occasion it was. And the two hotels I have a preference for in the center of Palma were full as well. The whole island was full it seemed. But there were no World Championships, there were no European Championships, there were no Olympics. Was it the Russian multi-millionaires and their families with their non-existent education and pig-sty manners? Was it some of the billions of Chinese who were finally being allowed to move more freely around their planet? Had there been a rise in the number of professional social security manipulators for whose touristic pleasures we taxpayers—thanks as always to our beloved elected birdbrains—are so readily prepared to pay?
Who knows, but I was not going to spend a frustrating hour or so calling other hotels with which I was not acquainted. I approached a taxi and asked the driver if he knew of a decent hotel with a vacant room. He made one call and told me there were some vacancies at an absolutely superb hotel he knew of, and so I said 'bien hecho, hombre', heaved my suitcase into his vehicle and told him to take me there without delay. Much appreciated my good man.
However, we headed east and passed Portixol and continued onwards in the direction of the airport. Which caused me to panic. I asked him where we were going to. We were going to Playa de Palma, he said.
Oh no, oh no. Ganesha, save me from this most hideous of all fates, protect me from the evils of the stinking swamp, deliver me unto the land of milk and honey, the goats and the bees won't bother me. Please.
Ganesha, if you are interested and I appreciate that you may not be, is arguably the most popular of the thirty-three Hindu gods. He has the form of an elephant with a human stomach and he rides on a mouse. No, I am not trying to mislead you, that is the way it is, check it out. Anyway, he is the god responsible for destroying all evils and, unbelievably incompetent though he has patently proven himself to be, who knows if he might not be willing to assist me on this occasion.
"I am not," I told the driver, "under any circumstances going to stay in Arenal."
Arenal, as you may know, is Ballermann country and the only people who go anywhere near there tend, among other things, to sport vast beer bellies or have razorblades hanging off their ears and not infrequently both. I would rather sleep in a bus station in Albania, of which there are very few, as with most things in that repulsive niche of human destitution.
Ah, said the driver cunningly, but this hotel is not exactly in Arenal, it is right at the beginning of the Playa de Palma, a hundred meters before you reach Arenal. A quiet area, a superb four-star hotel.
Now the term 'quiet', for a Spaniard, possesses a significance violently divergent from the one you and I possess. It is as comparable in its divergence as would be an agreement to meet him somewhere at a pre-determined time. And four stars in Spain is a category decided upon by local birdbrain minions and in reality it denotes anything from one star upwards, at the same time guaranteeing you three star tourists and two star employees.
This hotel was not quiet. Nor was the street behind it, nor the street in front. And the hotel swimming pool—three or four strokes would take you from one end to the other—received its non-stop entertainment from the screeching and screaming hordes of pre-pubescent juveniles on the beach across the road. There were possibly pubescent ones there as well, but with brains that had not yet reached the puberty stage and maybe never would. Ganesha had once again demonstrated his pathetic inadequacy as a god. Or maybe he simply didn't give a shit anyway.
No matter, we swim with the tides and a squall is a squall and not a storm. The hotel only charged me an extra half-price for my early arrival and the room was comfortable and the air-conditioning was unusual in that it functioned in accordance with my adjustments.
The first thing I did, I called the hotel in Illetas and booked a room for tomorrow for as long as I wished to stay. I told them I would pay for two weeks in advance; not necessary sir, they said, our custom is to charge at the end of each month. Falling asleep again was the second thing I did.
I did nothing much else except lounge around the pool, if a pint-sized bucket permits that term, and, swimming not being feasible, cool off occasionally in the water. In the evening I went on the hunt for a restaurant. I walked past a fenced-in and firmly closed church in a square facing the beach—you can't go far in Spain without coming across a church, they hold the world record for churches per head of population—and then I was in Germany. I walked past a number of eating establishments, 'Oberbayern', 'Deutsches Eck', 'Wurstkönig', 'Grill Meister', 'Bavaria', 'Münchner Kindl' and so forth, you get the idea, and stepped onto the terrace of one which at least had a friendly name. 'Aber Hallo' it was called. I ignored the 'Sauerbraten', the 'Rotkohl', the 'Knödel' and other similar Teutonic offerings and ordered a chicken salad and a whole bottle of dry Riesling and both were very good.
I walked back in the balmy night air to the hotel, passing, among other things, the 'Red Lips' Erotic Show Center, one of those places young males need to experience at least once in life in order to learn never to visit them again. Nowadays you pay between €30 and €100 per drink for whatever drinks are ordered, and this provides you with the dubious benefit of not being able to talk to any of the eastern European females who inhabit these holes in the wall, usually because they are unable to converse in any of the world's major languages. Of course, if you speak Bulgarian or Rumanian or Russian, you don't have that problem but conversation is not exactly the name of the game anyway. So you just get a hand-job if you are that way inclined and, if you're drunk enough, you lose your wallet and you don't find out about it until the next morning; or—if you're really lucky -they've taken all your cash but you've still got your wallet.
Had I been in the design center at the time they were working on Adam and Eve, I would have made it the other way round. We males would be the inhabitants of these places and you females would be the ones wandering in and paying us money to assist you in temporarily alleviating your lust. But I was unfortunately not around at the time.

DAY 31
Sunday morning. I woke up refreshed. I went out onto the balcony. The Spanish sun was shining and the Spanish sky was blue. There was also quite a strong wind as is often the case on Mallorca, one of the benefits of being an island. There are worse places to live for the price of having to turn your hearing aid down.
I didn't stay on the balcony for long. The wing in which my room was located diagonally faced another of the hotel's wings and around half of the balconies over there had people sitting on them and a hefty percentage of those people were using their mobile phones. A fair number of people shout when using their mobiles, for reasons which have been fully analyzed and explained by child psychologists, believe it or not. And the air was consequently full of those grating consonants and jarring vowels which are the hallmark of the planet's harshest language, German, and that is the way it would presumably remain until they all cleared off to the beach or onto their bus for their visit to the cathedral or for their tour around the mountains.
But it was a woman who finally drove me back inside. She was sitting opposite me on her balcony, fortyish or thereabouts and if not grossly fat, then at least disgustingly so. And as soon as she noticed me, she got up, went into her room and came back out wearing only a tanga, udders and belly hanging freely in accordance with the theories expounded by Galileo, Newton and others. She specifically avoided looking in my direction but pretended to be adjusting her sole piece of clothing in order to more properly cover that part of her which it was supposed to be covering and which, thank God, it was. My views on the requirement in certain parts of the Islamic world for the wearing of burkas took on a more positive hue. I bolted back into my room, metaphorically vomiting on the way, and reflecting on the fact that Jeremy Parker's delusions were nothing compared to those of human females such as these.
But no big deal, it was a holiday hotel of a certain level, the adjective requiring no further elaboration, and I would be out of here in a few hours' time. I put on some shorts and a T-shirt. I avoided the hotel breakfast room, the coffee in these places is usually ghastly. I bought yesterday's IHT down the road and read it while drinking some decent coffee in a place facing the sea and revoltingly called 'Chez Hartmut'. There had been 243 conflict deaths planet-wide on Friday, including six car bombs and five suicide bombings. Not bad.
Next to Hartmut's was a place renting bicycles and I picked one up for half a day and cycled along the beach path to Palma, past the docks and the naval station, past Porto Pí, and up the hill and out of the other side of the city. I sat on a rock and smoked a cigarette. I watched the coastline and the ocean for a while, I get plenty of pleasure out of things like that, and then I cycled back, stopping on the way for two nice cold beers in Cala Estancia. German beers of course, not your gaseous Spanish concoctions whose wafer-thin and short-lived foam is only possible thanks to the use of rice in the manufacturing process; or so I am told. About twenty-five kilometers in total, more than enough in this heat.
I went out to the hotel bucket and splashed around a bit and relaxed in the sun. It was great, just great, to be away from the world of lunatics, aliens, policemen, ministers and birdbrains in general for a while, and to contemplate the piles of money and the return to normality which would be mine after a few more interviews with Jeremy.
I checked out of the hotel at 2 p.m. and took a taxi to Illetas, a small town a few kilometers to the west of Palma. This is my kind of hotel. To be sure, it costs what it costs, but you get adults only, you get a luxurious room with a wide balcony overlooking the ocean, you get two pools, large pools, or—if you prefer—you walk down into the sea from a ladder fixed to the rocks, and you get service, you get well-trained waiters and you get personnel all over the place. And it's only twenty minutes or so from the center of Palma.
And so for the rest of the afternoon it was just the sun and the water for me. And in the evening I called Monika. She sounded subdued. Her sister was to be operated on tomorrow morning but she didn't want to talk about it. She was in love with my car, and Mr. Brown had settled in and was enjoying life as he always did. She wished she could also be in Palma but she would certainly make up for it later on with that wonderful, exorbitant Corsica gift of mine. I asked her if she had the Mallorca hotel details I had given her and she said of course she did, she was not as young as she used to be but she hadn't got Alzheimer's yet. I told her I would be back with her car in three weeks' time, four at the latest and she said that would be great, she could thank me properly for her birthday, whatever she meant by that. In the meantime, she said, she had her friend Mr. Brown, he reminded her of me.
Well, I thought to myself, she is definitely becoming too nest-like, I will have to take gentle steps to make it clear again that I am not, at this point in my life, interested in nests in any shape or form, with or without eggs.
I had dinner in the hotel, a ruinously expensive filet mignon which was superb and a ruinously expensive Rioja which was not very good at all. I then spent some time on the Naviera's financial statements and made notes of the specific items I needed to find out more about tomorrow, and I went to bed and fell asleep over my book which, in case you're interested, was Platform, a translated version of an intellectually interesting novel written by a Frenchman who lives in Ireland. Recommended, despite his penchant for over-explicit sexual descriptions which tend to crop up here and there, and which you can simply ignore. Or, if you are like me, not.

DAY 32
I got up at seven o'clock. The sun was rising nicely, the ocean was blue and it was green and it was as calm as a pond, the balcony lounge chair was comfortable, and I had breakfast brought up and ate it while absorbing the scene, and my first cigarette of the day tasted as good as the coastline looked. There were worse locations in which to perform a consultancy assignment. Slough for example.
I wore a suit and a tie and a short-sleeved white shirt for my first day. I pulled the switch and converted my brain into full Spanish language mode, a simple enough matter of neuron reprogramming similar to that of switching to the left side of the road when arriving in the U.K. Or, come to that, in Japan or any of the other countries which do the same.
I took a taxi to the docks entrance and was met there, a real slice of courtesy, by the general manager himself, Alfonso Orfila. I like that kind of thing as much as the next guy, it makes you feel important, even if you're not, and what is the harm in that? He fixed the security arrangements with the port policeman and I would be able to come and go as I wished. He took me to the office building, the first floor of which was occupied by the Naviera, he showed me the office I would be using, and then he introduced me to the staff and asked them to please cooperate with me for the duration of my 'review' assignment. There were only nine of them, six men and three women, two of whom were middle-aged and one of whom was in her early twenties, black hair, pretty face and good legs. She had an attractive name, María del Carmen.
Carmen is one of those few operas that I enjoy, very few in fact, but the name derives from Our lady of Mount Carmel whose apparition was reported in—you only get one guess—the town of Fatima in Portugal during The Miracle of the Sun in the year 1917. During the miracle of the sun, our star behaved irrationally and, among other things, sped around on itself in a mad whirl and then took it upon itself to adopt a zigzag course in the direction of our planet, which scared the living daylights out of those who were watching. This event was interpreted as being a message from God for us to finally get our act together and stop sinning…or else. It took the Roman Catholic Church another thirteen years to do it, but they eventually confirmed this as an 'approved miracle' in the year 1930. And later on, in mid-century, the 'miracle of the sun' was witnessed on three separate occasions in three different years by the pope himself in his Vatican gardens in Rome, Italy. These miracles were apparently not noticed by anyone else in any other part of the planet, Christian or otherwise—which, if you think about it, is a bit strange if your star was zigzagging about and heading straight for you—but who are we to judge? Maybe it will happen again and we will all be able to grab a look while trying to gain another millisecond of existence by heading for the next available underground shelter.
None of which is here or there and my neurons merely recorded her name and filed it away in the immediate recall section.
Alfonso and I sat down to coffee in his office. His office was large and overlooked the quays. It was decorated with a variety of maritime mementos, an old ship's bell was on a table next to his desk. Alfonso himself was what you would call plump rather than fat, he was in his sixties already, and he seemed to be one of those people who are always full of the joys of life, no matter what. In other words, he was a person who, although responsible for losing the considerable sum of €10 million of other people's money annually, was full of cheerful bonhomie. And consequently a pleasant enough person to be with.
I asked him what, in his opinion, the major problems and issues were and what possible solutions and corrective action did he recommend. This question seemed to surprise him. He gave it some initial thought and then he launched into a long, jovial diatribe about the shipping industry, the rising fuel costs, the dockworkers' wage demands, the increase in competition and the price wars which had escalated to impossible levels in recent years.
He was obviously clueless. There were no comments about any possible inefficiencies or problems within his own company, not a single word about potential improvements or solutions and nothing else of any use. But it didn't seem to worry him. As far as he was concerned, this was simply the way things were.
I wanted to tell him that if you can keep your head, Alfonso, while all around you are losing theirs, it is just possible that you haven't fully grasped the nature of the situation. But I didn't. There was no point in my wasting my time attempting to modify the cerebral operations of a guy like this.
I went to my office and asked María del Carmen to come in. She was the bookkeeper. I gave her the list of what I wanted to be informed on, and asked her about a minor item about which I was curious: why did the year-end balance sheet indicate that we had €65,000 cash on site, and was that still the case, and irrespective of anything else, what was it for? Oh, she said, we need to make miscellaneous cash payments every month to transporters, the ships' captains always need petty cash for minor crew and ship expenses, and so on, and actually the balance was now over €70,000.
This didn't wash with me. Unless there was something she hadn't explained, the amount was too big. I asked to see the cash and the cash book. Oh, no problem, she said with a smile, we'll update it for you and give it to you first thing tomorrow morning.
That didn't wash with me either. If any cash was missing, not that I necessarily expected that, it could easily be replaced overnight and removed again after I had seen it. No, I said…now please. This caused her smile to transmute into a contentious frown of consternation but off she went and came back with a large metal box which was, I thought to myself, presumably and hopefully kept in a decent safe. I opened it with the key. I saw a few bills in there, maybe two thousand euros in cash, and I also saw many small pieces of paper in there which turned out to be I.O.U.s signed by Alfonso, €69,000 in total. Thank you María, I said, and handed the box back to her.
I have always been good at sniffing out fraud, even if it's only petty cash fraud. The I.O.U.s should have been recorded as payments of course, and accounted for as an employee loan, which the supervisory board and the shareholders—in this case, Sr. Pujol and his finance people—would have been able to see in the balance sheet. Or if not explicitly so, at least in the external auditors' annual comments. But I was in a good mood, Alfonso was a pleasant guy, the amount involved was not exorbitant, and—most importantly—I was going to need Alfonso's help in dealing with the intricacies of an industry about which I knew absolutely nothing. So I would be dealing with this in a gentle and civilized manner.
I went back to his office.
"Alfonso," I said, "the I.O.U.s"
"Yes," he said, smiling his permanent smile.
"What are they for?"
"Oh," he replied, "repairs and maintenance to a small motor launch I keep down in the yacht area. I've been a bit short on cash this past year, my daughter's wedding and so on, you know."
"Uh, huh," I said. This really was a guy for whom the sun shone at all times. And there appeared to be little doubt that he thought that it shone out of his ass as well. "Well," I continued, "these amounts will need to be authorized by Sr. Pujol or his delegate of course, or else they will need to be repaid."
"But of course," he said, "of course they will be repaid."
"When?" I asked.
"Well, over the next twelve months, definitely," he said.
The guy obviously didn't have the money. How can you own an ocean-going launch and not have this kind of money? "Then it will all have to be authorized in the meantime," I said, "and recorded as a loan."
This—no apologies for the phrase—took the wind out of his sails.
"They won't do that," he said, "I requested a loan over two years ago and they rejected it. Employee loans are against group policy."
"Well, then you will have to do a quick sale of the launch or whatever else to raise the money," I suggested.
"Wouldn't work," he said, "a quick sale of the launch would mean my having to virtually give it away, and in any case I still have some debt to pay off on the purchase."
How do these people do it? The guy earned a good salary, a very good salary, how could he not have any money? We sat there looking at each other for a while. His sails, as I have mentioned, had lost some of their wind, but he wasn't dejected or nervous in any way, the sun was still shining for him and would do no doubt continue to shine up until the moment he climbed into his coffin. You get people like that. They are always happy. The requisite for this is a total lack of a conscience. If you have a conscience, you just can't do it, you can't sleep at night with things like this going on. You worry, you have nightmares.
"I will have to inform Sr. Pujol," I told him finally.
"Yes, I can understand that," he said. He clearly knew that this was a serious matter but it did not affect his genial disposition, nor did he become at all discourteous. Amazing, I thought, he probably sang 'Don't worry, be happy' to himself in the shower every morning. An overdose of self-confidence, a guy who walks down the street holding his own hand.
During the afternoon, María came into my office with some of the information I had requested. There were no problems with the customer receivables—her aging analysis showed no particularly long overdue balances—but an item of €3.4 million in the 'Other Receivables' account turned out to be an insurance claim pending from over three years ago. It seemed that one of the ships had been on an overnight run from Barcelona to Palma and the captain, who was dismissed soon afterwards, had missed the port and run straight into some cliffs on the island of Cabrera, only a few nautical miles away. He had apparently been drunk, although none of the crew members were prepared to ratify that in any formal manner.
Cabrera is only 16 km2 and its name derives from the cabras montesas which used to live there until the human race arrived and carted them all away. The goats were eating everything that was green and making the island too unattractive for tourist excursion businesses to be successful. But the hideous human race had also been there before, and the island's history is home to a series of major horror stories—including the products of human wars such as the fate of the 10,000 French prisoners who were once incarcerated there. But there you go, what's new?
I asked Alfonso about the situation, but he merely said that it was a 'complicated matter'. Well, no point in wasting time discussing it further with him. I asked María to fix an appointment for me with the responsible insurance executive in Barcelona on Monday of next week, in the morning if possible.
The company had four ships, two of which—the Gerona Sol and the Mahon Star—sailed six nights a week to provide a fixed weekday Barcelona-Palma-Barcelona service. There was no longer any work for the two other ships which had been sitting idle for the past nine months, moored to the quay here in Palma. One of them required a major engine overhaul for which no money was available and the other one needed to comply with the law on its dry-dock inspection requirement, a costly affair lasting four days, and for which no money was available either. María's data also showed me that all four ships were relatively small, with capacities of between 50 and 75 standard containers on two levels, lower deck and top deck. Her cargo summary showed me that the loading for each of the two ships in use was on average only about 50%, and that an average of 30 transits were being lost each year, mainly due to bad weather.
Food for thought indeed. Revenues could obviously be more than doubled if the ships were to travel full instead of at only half-capacity and if we could get rid of all, or at least most, of the lost transits. That would solve the company's problems in one fell swoop. A pleasant theoretical daydream, worthy of some perusal, but don't ask me what needed undertaking or how to do it. I hadn't the faintest idea. Also, the daydream may well be an impossible one.
I decided that María was not my type, black hair and nice legs notwithstanding. She was too reticent, she was only supplying me with what I asked for, she offered no comments or suggestions and she was probably displeased about that check of mine on the petty cash. She had perhaps classified me as the enemy, you get that sometimes. And maybe she was into an affair with Alfonso, who knows? You get that as well sometimes, the adulation for the man with the authority and the power. Or maybe she wasn't, it didn't matter anyway. I thanked her for the information and decided to have a short meeting with Pedro, a young stringy-haired fellow in charge of operations, before leaving for the day.
Pedro administered just about everything, the loading and unloading of the containers, the land transport, the ships' operations and the relationships with both the dockworkers and the customers. He was a positive young guy and he bombarded me with comprehensive information to all the questions I asked and to some I didn't. He told me that the dockworkers' union in Barcelona insisted on seventeen workers; if we didn't pay for this number each day, our ships would neither be loaded nor unloaded. He told me that in Palma they insisted on twelve workers. And he told me that only five were necessary including the crane operator. Therefore we had huge unnecessary costs, he said, which unfortunately could not be avoided. I asked him if our customers really needed a guaranteed daily shipping service, and he said that he was 99% sure they did, and that we would lose customers if we were to stop providing it.
There we go again, that phrase I keep hearing wherever I go and the subject of my small gift to Geoff at United Fasteners. I told him that in my experience the use of 99% as an adjunct to the word 'sure', a noun which speaks for itself in any dictionary and which requires no amplification of any kind, generally indicated that the speaker was in fact not sure. He smiled at this, he agreed one might interpret it that way, and he agreed to circularize all of our customers with a questionnaire asking them to confirm this need, and at the same time to suggest to us any improvements they would like to see in the way we handled their business.
An interesting first day's work, I thought to myself, as the taxi took me back to the hotel. As soon as I got to my room, I called Pujol and told him the tale of the self-authorized employee loans and the fact that they could not, at the present point in time, be repaid. There was a long silence from his end and then he said he would be flying over tomorrow morning. He had decided it was a serious matter, as of course it was. The flight was less than an hour each way but he would be losing a minimum of five hours out of his day for the trip, plus of course the time spent at the office. Not a happy man, nor did he sound it.
I put on my swimming shorts and went down to the rocks and into the sea. Life was good, Céline was slowly moving further into the more nebulous depths of the painful memory compartment, and as I floated up and down on the gentle Mediterranean waves, I lazily began to consider which of the blinking red lights I might attempt to activate, a holiday in one of Mallorca's best hotels was bait of the finest quality. But not just yet of course. I had a lot of work to do first, I had to find out whether there were any solutions to the problems of Naviera Pujol, and I had to do it—as always—fast. Therefore, a few more days of celibacy were called for, keep the priorities right.
I had dinner on the hotel terrace, a pleasant piece of fish and a pleasant half-bottle of dry white. There were some great-looking women at some of the tables but no single ones as far as I could see, only the ones who live their luxury lives on the monetary backs of their male counterparts. I don't blame them, the men supply the money and they supply…well, they supply something else. A fair barter, nobody forced into anything. Just as well in any case, my energies needed to remain focused on the shipping world for the time being.
I was at the coffee, cognac and cigarette stage when Jeremy's phone rang.
"Peter," he said, "how are you, how is life treating you?"
"Hello there yourself, Jeremy," I replied. "Hard work, you know how it is."
"Yes, I have no doubt. You presumably heard the news about the asteroid?"
"No."
"Well, needless to say, it hit as planned. A sizeable one, it made another big dent in Mars' surface."
"I don't know where you get the knowledge about these events, Jeremy. I have to say that you have my full admiration. You must be making yourself pretty famous in our scientific circles, would be my guess."
"Yes…well…same as before, Peter. The event was not pre-ordained. We made it happen and my colleagues really enjoyed themselves this time."
"They did?" I asked, although I wasn't particularly interested in the delusion's details.
"Yes, they did. Apart from calculating the usual things, such as how many kilometers diameter, the space-time algorithms to get the timing right, the trajectory, the computations to preclude total pre-impact disintegration, and all the rest of it, they had to take care not to damage any of your property. And this involved them in some very interesting mathematical intricacies."
"Our property?"
"Yes. Apart from the many defunct mechanisms you have lying around up there—you failed to mention in our meeting that you are already polluting other planets with your junk—you currently have five functioning Mars spacecraft, three in orbit and two on the surface."
"We do?"
"Yes, and of course we needed to avoid them if it were possible to do so. And it was. They really enjoyed it. No unnecessary damage caused."
I didn't know what to say and so I didn't say anything. But I had to marvel at his inexhaustible capacity for detailed back-up, this obsession with his entangled and complex fantasy world. I wouldn't bother to check up on our spacecraft. I am sure he was talking fact, he would have checked it all out himself.
"Anyway, you will no doubt read about it tomorrow," he said. "But the main point is, the summit conference is confirmed for Wednesday in Geneva. I have agreed to attend and I will be providing them with some assistance regarding certain investigations in the biological field which they would do well to undertake. And you will be pleased to learn that your presence is not required, Peter, I can handle it on my own."
"Biological investigations?"
"Yes, many of your scientists have completed a significant amount of research during the past few decades into the causes of human aggressiveness, and an extensive number of lengthy theses have been produced, including ones with titles such as 'Eliminating the Causes of War'. But most of these specialists have now virtually given up. There has been nothing even approaching a conclusion, I'm afraid, which is not surprising given the rudimentary levels of biology scholarship on your planet, and your unfortunate inability to agree with each other on anything in any case. I intend to give it a big push forward, but of course they will have to pursue it themselves. That is to say, they will have to agree to pursue it, it will need funding, and I would really like to see them do that."
"Can you explain to me something about this connection between human aggressiveness and biology, Jeremy?"
"I can, Peter, but I don't have the time right now. Perhaps on our next call, let's say after the meeting on Wednesday."
"O.K., Jeremy, then thank you for calling. And good luck on Wednesday."
"Well, we'll see what happens on Wednesday. They still don't believe me. The prime minister told me that they want to meet 'my bosses', they want to see a bunch of aliens, more proof is what they're after. But they won't get that. They can't even envisage why 'proof' in a physical form is not possible anyway. And in any case, Peter, as I told your prime minister, they should totally forget about whether there are aliens or not. Your species will find out soon enough if it doesn't take steps to change itself. You will not, believe me, be allowed to continue being as you are and doing what you are doing until such time as you finally discover how to make your way out into the universe."
"Yes, I see."
"And I told them that this meeting in Geneva would be my first and also my last attendance. After that, they—or I should say you, since you are one of them—will be on your own."
"What about our interviews?" I asked.
"I should learn about the subjects for those within the next few days," he replied. "In the meantime, the good news for you is that unless the Geneva meeting is abruptly cancelled, I shall be transferring the remaining extra €300,000 we agreed upon to your account on Thursday morning. Without your cooperation up front, this meeting would not be taking place and, as you say, a deal is a deal."
I went back upstairs, sank into my balcony chair and smoked a cigarette. I was an extremely happy and relaxed member of my species. All of that money for doing next to nothing! And a whole lot more after a few more interviews!
And the interviews were definitively going to be the end of my involvement. Whatever happened to Jeremy, whatever happened to his fantasy world and whatever the politicians decided to do or decided not to do, all of that would be of no interest to me whatsoever. My near-term future would consist entirely of the Naviera in Palma, Clark's in Slough, Monika and Mr. Brown in Okriftel, and whichever available blinking red light turned out to be the most exciting and enjoyable and romantic. Or simply erotic. Or, preferably, erotically romantic.

DAY 33
I got up at six o'clock and was down in the port at seven thirty. The captain of the Mahon Star was sitting in the bar opposite the entrance to the docks, as Pedro had told me he would be. He was drinking a carejillo and reading the newspaper, as Pedro had also told me he would be.
I introduced myself. Yes, he said, Pedro had told him I would be wanting a chat with him. His name was Agustín and he was from Galicia. He was of medium height, I guess around fifty years of age, not much hair left but very strongly built, he had arms as thick as my thighs and could probably murder people such as myself any time he felt like it and with very little effort. But he was not of the kind who would feel like doing it, he gave me the impression of being a placid and companionable sort of fellow, one of those gentle and tranquil giants.
The daytime was a quiet time for him while the ship was being unloaded and then re-loaded with the return freight. He also slept in his cabin for a couple of hours during the afternoon, he said, to add to the few hours' sleep he got during the night with one of his crew on the watch. I had only one question for him, and that was: did he have any problems and/or did he have any suggestions for improvement? Oh yes, he said straight away. He was a captain who would put to sea in any weather, there weren't too many like him in ships of this size and tonnage, but he wouldn't do it with the top deck container fixtures in the state they were in on his ship. What needs doing, I asked. The fixtures themselves are rusted through and need replacing and some professional welding is required, he said. The cost would be over €100,000. But cheap at the price, he continued, just think of the revenues from the additional sailings. And that is what I did but not for long, there was absolutely no need for a cost/benefit analysis on this one. So why haven't we fixed it, I asked. No money, he said.
I thanked him, paid for his brandy-laced coffee, purchased my IHT at the kiosk on the corner, and headed for the office. I said good morning to Pedro who was recording the unloading operation and contacting the various customers and haulage firms, and to three other staff members who were already at work. I poured myself a coffee and read the paper for a few minutes.
The Mars story was front-page news, and two or three related articles were churning out facts and hypotheses such as what kind of asteroid risk existed for the planet Earth. On another tack, there had been 422 conflict fatalities yesterday, a disastrous day including for eight U.N. soldiers who had been blown up defending their countries' interests. Or what their birdbrain bosses had defined as their countries' interests. Their elected birdbrains, let us not forget, elected in order to implement the electorate's wishes. Ha, ha. And who, if required to personally participate in the implementation of the decisions they took, might possibly have defined their countries' interests as being something else. Or if not possibly, then probably. Or definitely. Take your pick.
The remainder of the staff was in by nine o'clock except for María del Carmen who arrived at twenty past, and Alfonso who ambled in at twenty to ten. Not good at all, this has to be prevented, I'll have words with both of them later on today.
At ten o'clock Sr. Pujol arrived and closeted himself with Alfonso in his office.
María came into my office and handed me more of the information I had requested on my list. I thanked her for the fast work and told her that, starting today, I would like to receive each day's supplier invoices and that nothing, absolutely nothing, was to be processed for payment unless the invoice had my approval signature on it. This was to apply even if I was ill for a few days or away on business in Barcelona; everything would simply have to wait until I got back. Unless there was something of unavoidable urgency, in which case my approval could be obtained by telephone and I would sign retroactively when I returned.
May I ask you, Sr. O'Donaghue, she said, why you wish to involve yourself in such detailed administrative work? Yes, I said, this is the best and easiest way for me to learn in detail about all of the company's costs and within very few months. I can only do it in companies with low invoice volumes such as this one, and it only takes me between five and ten minutes each day, so I will not be causing any undesirable delays. And of course, María, I said, if there happen to be any unnecessary or overpriced costs, I shall be eliminating them. But perhaps there aren't any, I said with my own home-made version of a reptilian grin, and she scuttled off back to the outer office, an unhappy lady, somebody was introducing some controls here.
I flipped through her documentation and studied the details of two of the very large cost items. The ships' fuel was of course one of them. But I was puzzled about the large up and down swings in the fuel consumption from month to month. What could be the cause of that? No idea. The second item was the dockworker costs. Between Barcelona and Palma we were paying twenty nine dockworkers every day, six days a week. And a quick piece of mental arithmetic told me that this must represent over €1 million per year, and a check with last year's P&L number confirmed this. Crazily overstaffed dock operations, now what to do about that? I had no idea on that one either.
Shortly before twelve, Sr. Pujol came into my office and sat down.
"I have fired Sr. Orfila," he said. "He has already left the premises and taken his personal possessions with him."
I looked at him, said nothing.
"I do not tolerate theft in any form," he said.
I kept looking at him and I kept saying nothing. But I was thinking. I was thinking, shit, the guy with all the knowledge of this industry was no longer there, and that was going to cause me a lot of headaches.
"And I have taken the decision to ask you if you would care to take over his position as general manager and ship-owner's representative. For a period of twelve months initially."
Well, well, well. Life's ocean is back to its habit of tossing you up high when it wants to, very high on this occasion, onto the crests of some pretty risky and mountainous waves, no doubt about it. And my neurons needed a few seconds to react, to chew things over. But only a few seconds, because the only thing I needed to do was make sure it would pay me handsomely. A simple psychological ploy might do the trick.
"I am grateful, Sr. Pujol," I said, "and honored by your offer. But I regret that I cannot accept it. It's not possible."
"May I ask why?" he said.
"Of course. There are two reasons mainly. The first is that I have neither the knowledge nor the experience to be able to take on the responsibility of running a shipping company. And the second one is that I have a difficult, full-time consultancy assignment. If I find out how to turn this company around, I will have to stay on and do it. And that will not be easy, it will be a lot of blood, sweat and tears, and extremely urgent as well, you are bleeding a lot of cash every single day."
"I have considered all of that," he said, "and what you say is certainly true. I appreciate that your time would be split between the two roles and that that would make it an arduous task. Nevertheless, I think you are a very appropriate person for this particular job at this particular time. A very difficult time during the upcoming months, and I would be grateful if you would consider assisting us in getting through it."
"Again," I said, "I truly appreciate your confidence in my person, but…"
"To adapt the terms to meet the demands on your person," he said, "I have decided to offer you a twelve-month contract at €350,000 per year with a substantial bonus in the event you achieve the hoped for turnaround in results. The contract would be renewable should both parties be so inclined. It could be confirmed to you in writing today and ready for your signature later on this week."
He paused. He had—with apologies for another cliché'd expression—put his irons into the fire. And they were nice irons too, I had to admit that. He was making an effort.
Decent money, great location, easy decision. "Sr. Pujol," I said. "The terms are more than satisfactory. I agree to accept your offer, but on the condition that you please note that I am doing so with a number of major reservations."
He stood up, which didn't make him much taller, he smiled his unfortunate, treacherous smile, and shook my hand. The contract and official registrations would be handled by his lawyers' office in Palma, he said, and I should please remember that he personally was contactable at any time of the day or night. And he had María call for a taxi, and he left.
I spent the remainder of the day thinking about ocean waves and the like, I wandered outside to watch some of the loading, I ate a sandwich and I drank a beer, I chatted to a couple of the ship's crew, I chatted to a couple of the communists—which is how I have always, justifiably or not, viewed dockworkers in general—and I took some of María's papers with me and took a taxi back to the hotel.
I changed and went straight down to the pool. And after a light dinner—accompanied by a celebratory bottle of expensive and very pleasant Barolo—I went up to my room and did nothing at all except flip through María's info while continuing to ponder further the vagaries of ocean waves.

DAY 34
There were no ocean waves this morning. The sea was serene and unmoving and glinting softly in the early morning sunlight.
Before leaving the hotel, I checked my emails and found two messages from Delsey. The first one explained that Jeremy Parker had indeed apparently devoted years and years of his incarceration to his favorite hobby. Astronomy. There were certain questions in this regard which they would like to discuss with me and would I please get back to him.
The second one said that he had tried to reach me on my mobile, he had left messages there, was I still in Germany, and would I kindly contact him please.
No, I wouldn't. It was between them and Jeremy now, at least until they located me. And I couldn't think why they should want to take the time and trouble to do that, nor could I imagine them being able to construct any legitimate justification to support a continued intervention in my private affairs. And even if they were to do so, it would be legally unsustainable; I would sue them for the illicit harassment of a citizen and his rights, you bet.
No, I wasn't worried. I was more worried about whether I could find a way to save Naviera Pujol and that was what I was thinking about in the taxi all the way to the office. And when I arrived, I still had no worthwhile ideas, no theories, no concepts.
Pedro congratulated me on my appointment in the corridor outside my new office—Alfonso's ex-office. Pedro seemed genuinely pleased about the appointment; perhaps he hadn't been enjoying his working relationship with Alfonso very much, who knows? He told me that Sr. Pujol had announced Alfonso's departure—and my nomination as his replacement—to all of the company's employees including our dock manager in Barcelona and the ships' captains, who had already informed their respective crews. I also received polite congratulations from the other members of the office staff with the exception of María. She didn't say a word, just deposited the day's invoices on my desk. Well, it was up to her; if she wanted to create a problem, that was fine by me, because it would be her problem, not mine.
I went down onto the dock and up onto the ship—the Gerona Sol this morning—and introduced myself to the captain. He was short and stocky and he had sandy, tousled hair and his name was Antonio. He was an animated, jolly kind of fellow and he too congratulated me on my appointment as his new boss; but he had nothing much else to say to me, other than to mention the ridiculously high number of dockworkers in Barcelona. Half of them just stand around doing nothing, he said. He struck me as being a mariner's mariner, interested only in his ship and his crew and in ensuring that he fulfilled his responsibilities towards both as skillfully as possible, and not too concerned about very much else. That was my impression anyway, and it suited me fine, that kind of employee tends to be one you can completely rely on.
It is an iron-cast rule of mine to learn something about the products or services your client is selling, no matter what they are. So I told Antonio I would like to experience a voyage to Barcelona, would Friday night be convenient? No problem, he said, we will be sailing as usual at 7 p.m.
I went back to the office and started sifting through the small pile of invoices. I paused when I came across one I didn't understand. It was for the monthly rental of thousands of pallets. What did we need pallets for, and why did we rent them for goodness' sake? I went into the outer office area and asked Pedro.
"Well," he said, "they used to be needed for delivering split-load container cargo."
"What is that exactly?" I asked.
"It's when small volume shipments for different customers are all loaded into a single container. They need to be split on arrival for individual delivery."
"You said 'used to be'?" I asked.
"There may be one or two exceptions still," Pedro replied, "but we usually don't handle small volume freight anymore."
"So where are all the pallets, Pedro?"
"Well, Alfonso used to control that personally for some reason. They are spread all over the island, I think. I know of one large customer in Binissalem who should have a few hundred of them in or around his warehouse."
"Let us go and take a look Pedro. Now."
And so we did. It was only about half an hour away. And there were only about forty old pallets lying around and half of them were broken.
"Pedro," I said when we were back in the office, "we are not going to pay any more rent for these things. We shouldn't have rented them in the first place. It's stupid. If you want pallets, you buy them. Could you please contact the company we're paying the rent to, and find out what needs to be done?"
He got back to me about ten minutes later. There was a rental contract and the only way out of it was an option at each year-end to return some or all of the pallets in pristine condition, or else to buy them. But we clearly couldn't return the pallets. Nobody knew where they were or even where they were supposed to be. Most had presumably disappeared over the years and of the few that we might possibly find, their condition would no doubt be similar to the ones in Binissalem. I asked Pedro to arrange a meeting for me with the hiring company in Barcelona. Next Monday, I said, in the afternoon.
The crap you find in some companies when you start to scratch the surface has long since ceased to be a source of amazement to me. I mean, this pallet business is both asinine and downright pathetic, there is nothing else to say about it. But it is a minor item, it won't be saving the company, it is just an unnecessary cost which needs to be surgically removed.
In the afternoon, I met with our chief communist and asked him what issues he and his dockworkers had, if any. They had one. The wharf crane was dangerous. It needed a complete overhaul and the 'corona', whatever that was, needed replacing. Very expensive, he didn't know how much, but it would be well into six figures he said. A few months ago, the top part of the crane, including the operator's cabin, had started rocking back and forth when lifting the containers and Alfonso had therefore decided to restrict container weights to thirty tons instead of forty. "Instead of repairing it?" I asked. "Yes, he said we had no money for that," was the reply.
So we were losing some business to our competition because we couldn't repair our crane. And the crane wouldn't remain as it was, it would get worse. In fact, I was surprised the dockworkers were continuing to work under these conditions. I didn't say so, but a bad accident, maybe even a fatal one, seemed a distinct possibility to me. And I was now the guy responsible, wide open to an ocean hurricane of annihilating legal consequences. And the more I learned about this and about that, the more I started to think that this company was too far gone for me to be able to save it anyway. But in spite of that, I should really go and visit the company's bank tomorrow. Courtesy on the one hand, and also the need to check out the bank's mood with regard to our mountain of debt and the possibility of a bit more to fix at least the crane, if not the ship's deck. I asked María to fix the meeting for me.
* * * * *
When I got back to the hotel, a swim in the sea did nothing to improve on my pessimism. I had some dinner and some more Barolo with it and that improved nothing either.
Jeremy's phone rang.
"Hi, Peter," he said, "Geneva is a great city. And I have just had a meal of onion soup and raclette in the old town." He sounded cheerful enough, presumably he had suffered no major disasters or ridicule during today's summit meeting, nor had anyone made the mistake of trying to arrest him.
"Hi, Jeremy. How did it go?"
"Well, it went well. And for all I know, they are still at it. I was only in the meeting myself for about two hours."
"So what happened?"
"All more or less as you might expect, Peter. I was subjected to a lot of questioning about the Mars event and that produced the two main foreseeable reactions. Most of them—but even so, not all of them—are convinced of what they refer to as my 'telepathic weapon potential' and are significantly frightened by it. I think they are also frightened of each other. They know that every single one of them in that room would be working out ways to try and get hold of me and to harness me, for their own selfish, unilateral purposes, and that whoever managed to achieve that would rule the world. And that all the rest of them—that is to say their countries—would be toeing the line and singing to the tune of the dominant power for, probably, ever and ever. Power seems to be the only thing your species is hungry for, power over the other members of its species. As I say, a totally foreseeable reaction."
"And the other foreseeable reaction?"
"Understandably the same as yours, Peter. They think I am mad. They didn't say so of course, they are too scared, but they don't believe a word about aliens. And I don't think they would even if they were to be confronted with some aliens in physical form—impossible of course, as I have already explained—or even if they were able to 'capture' some of these creatures and subject them to scientific tests, probe them, analyze them, dissect them mentally or physically, or whatever."
"O.K.," I said, "so they reacted as you knew they would. And what then?"
"A lot of things, Peter. Firstly, and although my 'telepathic weapon potential' is more or less a proven fact, they want still more proof. And if I supply that, they want to arrange another urgent summit meeting for next Wednesday, also in Geneva, and I have to be present at that one also. At least they accept the urgency and the possible enormity of what they are dealing with here. Fear, Peter, as we have said, is the one driving force to which every single member of any species will react. And the few doubters, the few who aren't yet scared enough, they want some additional proof of a kind that will scare them. Either that, or they are not going to be interested in any more summit meetings or in anything else, I shouldn't think. They will just carry on administrating your disasters as before.
"And so what additional proof are they asking for?"
"They are leaving that up to me. But it has to be something that will occur on Earth. Closer to home. It seems that, for most people—at least for those who are not scientists—something which happens close to home is more realistic than something which happens on Mars. Don't ask me why. As you yourself might say, Peter, it's just the way they are."
"Indeed it is. And are you going to do it, whatever it is?"
"Yes. I will think about it and let them—and you, Peter—know tomorrow. What they do not know, however, is that I shall not be attending their next summit meeting, nor any other meetings after that. After this next event, your species is on its own. It has to prove that it has the will, the desire and the ability to change itself. All by itself. And then, that it is capable of implementing that change. I explained all of this to them in detail and I explained what would probably happen to them if they didn't. The disbelief and scepticism filling that room could not have been greater than if I had said that either Jesus Christ or Mohammed would be returning in order to speak to them next week. But one thing they were interested in was my little biology lesson."
"Ah, yes. I wanted to hear about that."
I could hear him walking up and down, presumably in his hotel room, and the occasional gaps were no doubt him pausing to look out of the room's window.
"I told them," he went on, " that I could understand their disbelief, but that what I now wanted to explain should be of interest to them and their scientists irrespective of the existence of aliens or otherwise. And irrespective of the existence of a fifth dimension or otherwise, and irrespective of the reality of the infinity concept or otherwise, and irrespective of the many other realities external to their solar system and of which they were unaware. What I am about to explain, I said, is an inevitable and essential component of the transformational process required to mutate a non-benevolent species into a benevolent one. And I expounded briefly, and without any complex scientific details, on the subject…and they listened."
"And the essential component you referred to was a biological component."
"Exactly. And I tried to explain to them why. I told them that one could reasonably enough assert that they, the meeting's attendees, constituted the representatives of the human race. And that they were therefore in the position if they so wished, right now in this meeting, to create a new law, a global law, to abolish the manufacture, sale and possession of all weapons on this planet, either by individuals or by states—except initially for a single small central arsenal, under their joint control, which might be necessary to enforce the implementation of the new law."
"I bet that provoked a lot of comments."
"Actually, it did not. There was a bit of murmuring and some wise and cynical shaking of heads, but nobody said anything. And then I told them why they wouldn't do it."
"You did?"
"Yes. You won't do it, I said, even though you can, because you are human beings. Animals which do not have it in their nature to be peaceable, I said. And that is the crux of the matter; it is not in your nature. You are too aggressive and you are too distrustful of others. By which I mean of yourselves, since you are all members of the same species. It is a biological problem."
"And did they have anything to say to that?"
"Indeed they did. The president of the United States in particular. He took the stand and started referring to the vast amounts of research performed by his country in the fields of biology, physiology, behavioral sciences and so on and so forth, and he said that many of their experts argue against a biological cause for aggressiveness in humans. He continued by saying that those experts cite many causes for aggression including ethnic ones, religious ones, territorial ones, economic ones, social ones involving either family or external influences, and miscellaneous other ones including the effects of certain chemicals; he gave alcohol as an example. He also mentioned the drive for social dominance as a frequent reason for gang warfare and other group conflicts. And he continued in that vein for a considerable length of time and concluded that it was more or less a proven fact that biological origins did not enter into the equation."
"Interesting."
"Interesting enough for me to point out to him the major error in these findings, while at the same time asking him why he didn't refer to those experts of his who do support biology as the cause. I told him that the ones who reject a biological explanation are guilty, extremely guilty, of confusing confrontational and other abnormal situations—and the resulting manifestations of aggressiveness—with the very cause of it all. If for example, I explained, you have a problem of religious differences, then your reaction can be either to tackle it with aggressiveness or, alternatively, to tackle it in a peaceful manner. So why choose aggression? What is the reason for reacting with aggression instead of in some other way? The reason, I told him, is biological. It is in your nature."
"Did he accept that?"
"I don't know. But he didn't say anything more, and nor did anybody else, and so I continued. The human species, I said, has been capable throughout its history of perpetrating the most horrifying acts of violence on its fellow humans. These acts of violence occur not only between different states and societies, but also within them. There have been wars since before recorded history, I said, and you, Mr. President, have just made a reference to group violence, a phenomenon which includes, among other things, gang wars and wars between states. Now, in the course of the evolution of your species, belonging to a group or a community could enhance the ability of an individual to survive or to reproduce. There is no doubt about that. But the group or the community did not have to decide to achieve those aims through aggressiveness. You have in fact had several peaceful societies in your planet's history, societies such as the Arapesh of New Guinea, the Xingo of Brazil or the Simai of Malaysia, among others. But, regrettably, the 'survival of the fittest' hypothesis applied, and these communities were overrun by the more numerous aggressive societies of their time. Which brings us back to the question of why aggressiveness is the dominating factor of your species and where does it come from and what is the cause of it?"
"And they were listening to all of this?"
"Oh yes, they were finding it interesting. There were mumbles, there were shufflings and there were coughs, but they were listening. Let me take a step back, I continued, and remind you again of what exactly aggression is. It is correctly defined by your behavioral sciences as 'an intent to cause harm'. And your sciences describe the various ways in which this intent to cause harm can be applied: physically, verbally, psychologically and so on. But these sciences also make it clear that needful predatory or defensive behavior is not aggression, or at least not in the same sense. On the contrary, these behaviors are nothing other than forced necessities and as such are also to be found among all those non-aggressive species which find themselves obliged to kill in order to eat, or to defend themselves against aggressive species to ensure their own survival."
"Against aggressive species such as the human race," I said.
"Yes. I told them that they were of course aware of the fact that the human race does not kill merely in order to eat or in order to defend itself. And that the cause was a biological one. And I said that, as nobody present—as far as I was aware—was a scientist, I intended to provide them with only a few non-technical words on the area to which their biologists should direct their attention, and for which they would hopefully decide to provide some fairly massive funding—easily financeable for example by reducing their absurd and preposterous expenditures on the various ongoing arms races and the continuing drive for increasingly lethal destructive power."
"So you finally got to the point."
Jeremy laughed. I could imagine him running his hand through his hair, his moon-face crinkling into that pleasant smile of his. "Yes, I did," he said. "And I told them the following. The undeniable existence of biology as the source of human aggression is already observable shortly after birth. Human babies and small children exhibit aggressiveness long before they have been exposed to external influences which might possibly be deemed to be the cause of it, such as, for example, school. And even external influences only provoke something which is biologically already in place in any case. Indeed, even the gender-aggression ratios are identifiable and apparent at this early stage. The genes involved can be identified—as your biologists already know—and the key genes are inherently, if not exclusively, to be found in the male. And what these genes do, they determine the structure of the proteins in your bodies' cells. So far, so good. But what I am now strongly recommending is that you have your biologists concentrate on…the long and intricate sequence of complicated processes interposed between these proteins and what, for the want of a better phrase, we can call behavior."
"They were still listening?" I asked.
"Yes, they were still listening. But I think their interest was beginning to wane somewhat as I continued. My fault. I was only trying to be helpful, but in retrospect it was unnecessary for me to elaborate at length on which areas of the brain and which hormones need to be researched."
"Testosterone is a hormone."
"Yes it is. I also spoke quite a bit about the central role of numerous circuits within both the neocortical and subcortical structures of the brain. And I emphasized the roll of the chemicals in the brain, specifically the neurotransmitters."
"You bored them."
"I'm afraid so. They were interested in the subject but, in retrospect, I don't think that in the end they took it very seriously. Their only interest in me was as a potentially incredible new weapon, and in having that capability proved to them beyond all doubt. And what would happen after that and in which way they would react and what they would decide to do about it, well…"
"They still consider you to be a lunatic, someone suffering from delusions."
"Yes, as you do yourself, Peter, if you don't mind my saying so. A lunatic with, possibly, some amazing capabilities. But I have done my best. My next 'demonstration' will be the last and it will be the end of my attempt to prevent a possibly unnecessary annihilation of your species. I will, so to speak, have tried to get the wasps to choose to fly out of your window instead of making it necessary for us to squash them. The wasps' choice."
"Aren't you concerned that they may be having you watched, followed, put under surveillance by the NSA, the CIA, the GCHQ or some other secret service organization?"
"Not at the moment, Peter, no. I am probably under surveillance right now but that doesn't cause me any inconvenience. In London, it was different. There was a perceived need, initially, for me to protect you and your private affairs. In the meantime, I don't think they have too much interest in you any more, except for the fact that they would still like to have your assistance and cooperation as a person who, in their view, has a close relationship with me and who knows me fairly well. Mind you, after the next demonstration, the nature of their interest in me will possibly change definitively, as will their decisions on how to 'handle' me. We shall have to wait and see."
"So we will be talking again tomorrow?"
"Yes, Peter, I will call you."
And we said our goodbyes. I realized that in my contacts with Jeremy over the past few weeks I had progressively been talking to him more and more as if he were a perfectly normal person, one whom in fact I had come to quite like. He was pleasant, he was courteous, he was well-meaning, he was never intentionally rude and he complied meticulously with any agreements he made. This made him superior to the majority of other individuals who had floated past my life raft on their own particular ocean currents. Certainly, Jeremy was deranged, very seriously deranged, but in all other respects, in his Dr. Jekyll respects let us say, he was perfectly normal. And, to be truthful, I would not even think he were deranged if the feasibility of his being an alien were not such an inconceivable, impossible and ridiculous concept. My neurons would not budge on that one and quite right too.
I was tired, but before crashing out, I typed up and printed a two page document for my visit to the Naviera's bank tomorrow.

DAY 35
My review of this morning's invoices turned up nothing of interest. I wandered around my office and made a leisurely inspection of Alfonso's maritime souvenirs, an old ship's lamp was impressive, and then I went into town, had a coffee near the Plaça de la Reina and turned up at five to ten at the bank.
The manager was polite and courteous but he was unable to hide the fact that he was worried. He was worried about our loan balances and our maximum use of the expensive overdraft facility. And so, notwithstanding my station in life as an honest person, I lied through my teeth to him. I explained how the company was being turned around, how I had replaced the previous general manager, how he would soon (a delightfully vague and obscure word) be seeing monthly reductions in the amount of our debt and how the situation in twelve months' time would be such that he would probably be wanting to make additional new loans to us. Ha, ha, create confidence, has to be done.
In the meantime, I continued, elements of the turnaround initiative involved recuperating some of our 40-ton container cargo business and reducing the number of lost transits and for those purposes we needed a small amount of additional financing to repair the wharf crane in Palma and the top deck of one of the ships. And I handed him my two page document which showed the estimated investment requirements, the additional revenues and profit which would be incrementally generated, and a fairly rapid repayment plan for the additional loan facility.
I now expected a prolonged and difficult discussion. But there wasn't one. There wasn't one because he simply said no. He said it without hesitation and he explained why and he repeated his comments just in case I hadn't understood him the first time. What made things worse, he said that the bank had for some time been having serious misgivings about the financial situation of Naviera Pujol, and would be considering demanding a reduction in the amount of the debt already existing. However, in view of the fact that we were a long-standing and traditional customer and in view of the initiatives I had just described to him, they would continue to watch developments for a further period of three months before making a determination. And he wished me every success in my difficult task.
I don't blame him. He was right. And it was fair. He would have had to be mad to have said anything different. I liked him. No beating about the bush, no bullshit, and he communicated in a faultlessly civilized and courteous manner. I liked him enough to stay on for another coffee and discuss the pathetic economic situations created by the elected birdbrains in his country and in the other countries around Europe and around the world. He called in a member of his staff and I signed various forms to have the company's signature and password authorizations changed and I had the signature limits and the dual signatory requirements amended at the same time. And then he had another member of his staff come in and they opened up a personal account for me as well.
Out in the street, the heat was reaching its midday intensity and the shade I found to smoke my cigarette didn't reduce it much, not noticeably anyway. But accustomed as we smokers are to the various sacrifices required to maintain our compulsory nicotine levels, I smoked the thing doggedly to the sweaty end before disappearing into a nearby air-conditioned cafeteria for a chicken salad and a glass of cool white wine before returning to the office.
I sat in my office chair and I thought about the problems. And then I picked up the phone and called Sr. Pujol. No, he said, there was no possibility of any money for any purpose at all. The only thing the group was doing was to continue subsidizing our negative cash flow in order to ensure the Naviera's operational liquidity for the time being. And the banks, he said, will lend you no more either.
As if I didn't now know. Well, I couldn't blame Sr. Pujol either. His group was lending around €700,000 per month to keep the Naviera afloat until that miracle worker, Peter O'Donaghue, turned it around into a nice cash-generating and financially independent entity. Very good, very pleasant indeed, except for the fact that the miracle worker had absolutely no idea as to how he might achieve that. And maybe he couldn't. That would be decided within the 10 days or so at the most.
A completely unproductive day and so I took a taxi back to the hotel as soon as the first of the employees began to leave. My employees, I should now say, although for how long that would be the case remained to be seen. My hotel was an oasis, a much needed oasis after a day like that. I swam, I had an early dinner and I settled into my lounge chair on the balcony and became immersed in that book I was reading, Platform.
Jeremy's mobile rang at around 11 p.m.
"Hi, Jeremy. How are things?"
"Things are fine, Peter. Oh, by the way, since we got the world's leaders together, you are owed the €300,000. I transferred it to you this morning."
"Thank you very much. As it turned out, Jeremy, I didn't have to do much for it. Easy money, for which thank you again. Nevertheless, it might have turned out differently. I suppose we might say that I got paid for the risk of the trials and tribulations to which I might have been subjected. For my readiness. And that I just got lucky."
"Now that would be a fair enough way to put it, Peter. And I hope you enjoy the spending of it."
"Did you decide on your next and last show?"
"Yes. But not very original, I'm afraid. Frankly, I would have preferred to do something positive, something that millions of people could enjoy and/or benefit from. But I decided against it."
"Why?"
"Because fear is what they understand. We are back to fear again. It is the only emotion which stands even the smallest chance of getting them to agree to start doing something about weapons, population and peace…and to commence the research on how to achieve the necessary biological transmutations."
"Don't tell me that it is going to be another asteroid. Hitting our planet, this time?"
"Yes, it will be another asteroid. Hitting your planet. Without causing any harm, needless to say. Except to a few sub-aquatic and cold-blooded creatures. It's boring, I know, but it will certainly cause the shit not only to fly but also to hit the fan."
"And don't tell me, Jeremy, it's a good idea, if a repetitive one, because you just happen to be aware of something like that which is due to occur anyway in the near future. It coincidentally happens to be a period of considerable activity as far as our solar system's asteroid belts are concerned."
"Well, I do happen to be aware of such an event and it will occur on Monday, as I have informed them. But it is not because of any undue asteroidal activity; it is because my colleagues are again arranging for it to happen."
"Do you know what I am thinking, Jeremy?"
"No, but I believe I could make a pretty accurate guess."
"Yes, well, I am thinking that you somehow—don't ask me how—have an extraordinarily advanced knowledge of astronomy and you are simply in the position of knowing more or less what is going to happen and where."
"And also when, perhaps?" and there was a smile in his voice. "As you prefer, Peter, but this one is really fascinating for my colleagues. As usual, they have to perform their normal calculations regarding the asteroid's size, which has to be big enough to produce a massive impact effect, but also small enough to avoid any massive destruction. And this time, because of the unusual characteristics of your atmosphere, they need to work through highly complex calculations to compute the exact approach trajectory required, also the speed and angle of entry, and then what the appropriate size of the asteroid needs to be. They also have to select an object of a specific mineral composition. It mustn't break up too much on its way in nor, indeed, not enough."
Really?" I said. Amazing what convoluted intricacies this guy was continuously capable of creating to support his fabrications.
"And even then," he continued, "they needed additional technical data from me."
"Such as?" I asked.
"They needed to know what the maximum allowable area was which could be affected by the impact without causing harm to human beings, and whether that area was land or water, and where the precise center of that area was."
"So you told them?"
"Yes, and I gave them the center's exact coordinates."
"And they are?"
"They are 54˚26´S and 3˚24´E."
"And where is that?"
"That is the most remote island on your planet. It is uninhabited and it sits in the South Atlantic and it previously belonged to Britain and it now belongs to Norway. It is called Bouvet Island and it has an area of 49 km2 and is mostly covered by a glacier."
"And the nearest inhabited land?"
"The nearest inhabited land is the archipelago of Tristan da Cunha which is 2,260 kilometers away. Tristan da Cunha belongs to Britain and is the most remote inhabited island on your planet, although the population consists of only a few hundred people."
"And that is the information you gave to your colleagues?"
"Yes, and now they are performing calculations on items such as non-dangerous tsunami ranges and so forth. They are, as you say, having a ball."
Well, if anyone was having a ball, it was Jeremy. He must be a pretty good student, I thought, he knows how to do his research. In fact by now, he probably knows more about my planet than I do.
And so we said goodbye. He expected to hear from his professor tomorrow about the ongoing interview agenda and he would give me a call so that we could decide on some mutually convenient dates.
But my neurons were in disarray. They were in total disarray. If this event were to happen, and happen when and where he said it would, and if it didn't turn out to be bigger than he thought and destroy us all, what then? My neurons were in Zugzwang as we chess players say. They were even beginning to reconsider the possibility of an extraterrestrial explanation, which caused a short-circuit and they shut down in confusion and I fell asleep.

DAY 36
I had brought a suitcase with me today for my stay in Barcelona. I stuck it in a corner, got myself a cup of coffee and began checking the day's invoices. There were only a few, but one of them was a billing for 'monthly fee: consultancy services as per contract'. The amount was for €20,000 but there was no further indication as to what the services were.
I called María into my office and asked her what services we were receiving from this company, 'Gestoría Transbalear S.A.'.
"Well…they perform various different services for us," she said.
"Yes?"
"Well…things like finding new customers. Marketing services. Advice on publicity matters. Er…things like that."
She was nervous and a bit red in the face and I smelled a rat. At least one.
"What exactly have they done for us this past month, María?" I asked, "I mean, concretely?"
"Yes, well…it's an ongoing contract and is not based on any precise actions taken in any particular individual month."
I wasn't going to waste any more of my time on this. "I would like to have the name of the contact person, please," I said.
"That is not a problem," she said. "I will get hold of him and have him contact you directly."
"No. I will contact him personally. What is his name?"
She didn't like that. She became extremely nervous, I even saw her hands twitching, and her face had taken on a deep crimson color. There was a pause while she tried to think of which would be the best answer to provide me with, but she failed to find an acceptable alternative to the one she gave me.
"Actually…er…it's Alfonso."
"Alfonso Orfila?"
She nodded.
"The general manager of our company? The one who has just left?"
She nodded again. She definitely looked as if she would have preferred to be somewhere else, Bulgaria maybe.
"And who manages this…gestoría for him, María?" I asked.
Another long pause. Again, no alternatives found.
"Well…he manages it himself," she said.
"Oh, he does, does he? And how many employees does he have?"
This provoked even more discomfort. She now looked as if she would like to be able to disappear through the floorboards, an option suddenly superior to the Bulgaria one.
"Actually…he is the only one," she managed.
"O.K., María," I said. "I will handle this. Thank you."
She stood up and fled from this chamber of horrors, and my neurons reacted with a couple of quick thoughts. Maybe she was in on this obvious fraud. Maybe she wasn't even having an affair with Alfonso, maybe she was doing the books for his gestoría and typing his invoices and processing the payments for him as well? And receiving a small fee for doing so? And maybe she was having an affair with him on top of all that, why not? A paid affair, not the first woman on this planet to be doing that. And why not? If I were a woman, I would probably be doing exactly the same thing myself. But I would be a woman doing it at a far higher level than this one, let it be said.
None of which was here or there. Whatever it was would come out in the wash. I picked up the phone and informed Sr. Pujol. I told him we were stopping the payments and that it was up to him to decide whether we should begin the legal process which would most likely send Sr. Alfonso Orfila into jail. He said he would think about it. As for me, I was going to reflect on what to do about María. She would have to go, no question about that, but I would need to find a provable reason to dismiss her without having to pay her any money. Which I would, shouldn't be too difficult. I would look into it when I got back from Barcelona.
At lunchtime, Pedro came into my office. I am astounded, he said. Every single one of our customers, except for two of them who haven't yet replied, say that twice per week is more than sufficient to cover their needs. They have no need for a daily shipment service. I can't understand why Alfonso always insisted everyone demanded a daily service.
That's O.K., Pedro, I said, you were only 99% sure. And I gave him a broad smile to let him know I wasn't taking the piss. It was interesting information, that's for sure, but it didn't tell me how I was going to have our ships run at, say, 90% capacity instead of their current 50%.
In the afternoon I had a meeting with our dockworkers. I explained the company's situation in some detail, exaggerating—probably unnecessarily—the extent of the predicament and I told them that severe and painful cost reductions were unavoidable. Unfortunately these reductions would have to affect all areas of the business including cargo operations. I would like to discuss, I said, the extent to which we could reduce the headcount requirement for loading and unloading our ships. No, they replied, that is not a matter which is open to discussion. I told them that we had no option. If we could not reduce the number of people handling our cargo, then we would be obliged to reduce the number of times they had to handle it. Another lie, honest person though I am; if we did that, the company would be dead within weeks. Bad for them, bad for the company, I continued, but if there were no other options…No, they said, there was no point in discussing it. Typical communists, they would rather see all of their jobs disappear instead of sacrificing a few to save the rest.
Well, I had tried. I was not really getting anywhere at all, a consultant who could find no solutions. Life is hard, but we shall, of course, plod on.
The captain, Antonio, came to fetch me twenty minutes before departure. I picked up my suitcase and we strolled over to the ship. He showed me to his cabin and when I protested, he said it wasn't necessary, he said it was a tradition, the ship owners' representative always got the captain's cabin, and he was insisting on it. The cabin proved to be little more than a cubbyhole and a fairly humid one at that. It had a dank smell to it and the sheets on the bed felt damp, but I suppose I should have been grateful. Antonio slept here every night for five months on end until he got his month's shore leave. I decided I didn't want to see what the crew's accommodation was like.

DAY 37
The cabin contributed to my spending most of the night on the bridge, despite the Tramontana which started blowing just after midnight, that violent north to north-westerly wind which comes down from the Pyrenees and not infrequently at storm strength. This made the sea pretty rough and in these ships you knew all about it—they are not cruise ships—but, thank goodness, no storm arrived on this occasion. Which was good news for cowardly creatures such as myself.
It was interesting on the bridge. The radar screen was covered in small dots, most of which at this time of the year were recreational yachts and other small vessels en route from somewhere to somewhere else. The seaman on the bridge had me worried at first. He spent most of his time sitting on a stool watching the television, which was on a table at the rear of the bridge station, in other words he had his back both to the bridge window, if that is what you call it, and to the radar screen. I, however, watched the radar screen like a hawk and called him over whenever one of the dots appeared to be approaching or about to cross the path of our ship in close proximity. He would get up, stare at the screen for a while, say no problem, and go back to his television. In the end I gave up, I was obviously merely annoying him.
And so the ship continued for most of the time on auto-pilot and nothing much happened and Antonio eventually appeared and took over to guide the ship into Barcelona harbor. We docked at around 6 a.m. and Friday had become Saturday.
Antonio took me and my suitcase to a seamen's café and I paid for two of his carejillos as thanks for his hospitality. I personally stuck to cortados, those espresso type coffees with a splash of milk, and around 7 o'clock our Barcelona supervisor walked in. Then there was more coffee while he and I introduced ourselves and talked about this and that. His name was Fernando García Hernandez and he came from Andalusia. His skin was that pleasant permanent tan colour which a lot of Andalusians have. He spoke with his region's dialect (they pronounce most 's's as 'th' and so on). He was a tall, gangly young fellow, smartly dressed and hair glued into place by one of those gel products with which I am not acquainted, and with which I never will be acquainted, thank you very much. I didn't like him much. He struck me as a guy whose job here involved him in minimal work, for which he was—as I had determined from the payroll summary María had given me—overpaid, and which, I surmised, allowed him to lead a happy and enjoyable life in this exceedingly personable city, probably in female company for most of the time. He was, how should I put it, too facile for my liking. All of which might be pure unadulterated crap, sheer invention on my part, they were just my initial impressions, that's all.
He had nothing of any value to say, other than to complain that seventeen dockworkers for ships of this size was ludicrous. He was right about that at least. I asked him to fix up a meeting for me on Monday with the dockworkers' boss. Preferably around midday if possible, I said, I have an insurance company meeting in the morning and a visit to our pallets provider in the afternoon. Shouldn't be a problem he said. And then he drove me to my hotel—a cheap one, I have to set the tone, I am sacrificing myself because of the company's situation, and the rest of them will soon start having to do the same—and I went up to my room and straight into bed to catch up on some sleep.
I slept like a dead rat until Jeremy's phone woke me at three in the afternoon.
"Great news for you, Peter," he said.
"Ah, it's always good to hear something like that, Jeremy. What is it?"
"My professor has communicated that, in view of developments, in view of my practical involvement in this planet's affairs, all further interviews with you can be voided. He said that I am already strongly on track with my research and that my doctorate dissertation is likely to turn out to be an outstanding one."
"Well, Jeremy," I said, politeness to the fore, "I can't say I am sorry about that, much as I enjoy your company."
"I knew you would say that, Peter. You weren't enjoying our meetings at all, relatively short ones though they were. And of course, the fact that there are no more interviews means that all conditions have been met for the remaining €400,000 as per our verbal contract. I will be transferring that amount to your account before the end of the day."
Unbelievable. Unless something went wrong, I would be receiving a total of €700,000 sometime next week. Which just goes to show that although you would never want to meet deranged persons, let alone have a relationship with them, business or otherwise, there are exceptions to every rule.
"Jeremy, let me say that I appreciate it very much. And let me also say, that in view of the fact that my participation has been considerably more restricted than originally envisaged, you have erred somewhat on the side of generosity."
"Perhaps, Peter. But let me say that your assistance was valuable. It was concise, it was precise, you triggered the summit meeting and it has benefitted me as much as if more work had been involved. So, congratulations! Spend some of the money, and take care of the rest! And goodbye for now. Enjoy the asteroid!"
What do you do? Huge amounts of money and asteroids to boot. Well, in my case, what you do is you close down the neuron functions, you go out to eat in the late afternoon, you drink too much wine and you come back to the hotel bar and you languidly sink into one of their plush barstools and sink three of their inferior single malts. Enjoyably, needless to say, even an inferior single malt is still a single malt. And if anyone wishes to point out to me that abstinence is a good thing, I will reply that I hold the same view, providing it is practiced in moderation. And while you are taking advantage of the moderation clause, you think about the money and you wallow non-stop in that glorious feeling most rich people must have. Or maybe they don't, maybe it's only a few of them. Rich people, in fact, are often quite simply poor people who just happen to have a lot of money.
And then you go back to your room, you read your book and you fall asleep waiting for Sunday to arrive.

DAY 38
Sunday arrived. The day of rest. The day for which Americans have rooms. The day on which, according to certain religions and their various correlated sects, the creator rested after a job well done. A job which apparently required some serious repair work eons and eons later, the success of which each individual has the right to judge for him or herself. It was apparently the gift of free will which provided us with the right to judge, or so they say, except of course that we are now instructed to be very careful about what specific opinion we decide to adopt.
But this was not a day of rest for me. Certainly I had some breakfast, such as it was—no poached eggs, no bacon, and no Chivers in this place—certainly I had a swim in the sea, but not in the pool—the hotel didn't have one—and certainly in the evening I went to a bar, nightclub is possibly a better word for it in view of the ratio of women to men, the prices of the drinks, and the quasi-naked females gyrating around on a miniature stage.
But all of this time I was working. That is to say, I had put my neurons to work. They were searching and searching and searching for possible solutions to the Naviera situation. All day long. And it wasn't until about 10 p.m.—and curiously enough at precisely the moment a female hand removed itself from my inner thigh and began some sensual caressing of that part of me whose reflexive reaction to her ministrations had become unavoidably apparent—that my neurons' bells began ringing. And they rang and they rang and they rang. A joyful, victorious chime. This provoked me into ordering yet another single malt—I was drinking one of the Islay malts, a 16 year-old Lagavulin, not bad at all—and the lady got her expensive glass of champagne, or maybe it was just a mixture of fizzy water and a cordial, who cares, and, euphoric as I was, I allowed her to continue doing what she was doing until the danger of it becoming a messy business became too great.
She gave me a kiss—on the cheek; never, ever on the client's mouth, they are not stupid—and was already eyeing the room for another frustrated member—no pun intended or required—of the male sex as I paid the bill and pushed my way through the heavy curtains and out into the street. I took a taxi back to the hotel and went up to my room.
My neurons had come up with the following: I had to take one of the two ships completely off the Barcelona-Palma route and find full-time work for it somewhere else. Easier said than done of course, but nobody, as far as I am aware, has ever said that great solutions had to be easy to implement. The other ship would only do the Balearic run three times a week, but it would be running at full capacity instead of half-full, so no loss in revenues. And…we would only be paying for three days' dockers' work instead of six. And…the entire costs of the newly non-operational ship and its respective dockworkers' loading operations would disappear until we found work for it again. The savings on fuel, maintenance, crew wages and loading costs alone would go a long way toward solving the company's financial situation in one fell swoop.
I would have to do some exact calculations next week, not that they would affect what now seemed like an unalterable decision. But the aim of course had to be to find regular work for this ship again. This would result in doubling the company's revenues, or close to it, and instead of just resolving a loss situation, we would become a highly profitable organization. And if we were successful over the next few months in stealing some business away from our Barcelona-Palma competitors—I would have to investigate how we might go about trying to do that—I could fix up one of the long-term idle ships and put it back into operation. Longer-term, I would need to figure out how the other idle ship could also generate full revenues, but that would be something for the future, not an item for me to be worrying about now.
I thanked my neurons, I thanked them very much indeed, and I fell into that pleasant world of malt whiskey-induced dreams.

DAY 39
This kind of latitude has a lot to say for it, at least for most of the year. The sun was shining again, I had no hangover and I took a taxi directly to the insurance company's offices. I had a coffee nearby, there is always somewhere nearby where you can get a coffee in Spain, I smoked my pre-meeting cigarette, and I entered the company's reception area at two minutes before the appointed hour.
The girl at reception was one of those blonde Catalan women you see quite a few of—I speculated that at some point in history a fair share of the local females were duly raped by invaders or the foreign powers who happened to be ruling this area at the time, maybe by the Visigoths, maybe by the Habsburgs, maybe by both or maybe by more. Or maybe by nobody at all, I really had no idea. It was mere idle speculation on my part but it filled in the time as she walked me along to the insurance executive's office.
The executive was not as tall as me, but he was tall, and he was a very business-like executive. He had a thick file in front of him on his desk, 'our' file obviously, and he got straight to the point. The insurance claim investigation had necessarily been a prolonged one, he said, due among many things to a question of possible inebriation as regards the ship's captain and, totally irrespective of that, a question of possible gross negligence in the matter of how and why the ship was driven onto Cabrera's rocks in the absence of any kind of weather conditions which might have been considered a contributory factor.
He paused and looked up from his file. I looked back at him. I knew what he was thinking and I didn't blame him. I was thinking the same.
However, he continued, viable proof on these and other matters had not been forthcoming, at least nothing which would have held up in a court of law. The claim file had therefore eventually been closed in favor of Naviera Pujol S.A. Three months ago in fact. So why wasn't the Naviera informed, I asked, and why hasn't the claim been settled? Ah…he replied, finalization for settlement purposes is also a process which requires a certain amount of time…but you will be pleased to hear that there is de facto no longer anything standing in the way of an immediate and full payment of this claim.
I did not show any elation at this unexpected piece of great news. I didn't show any emotions at all. I knew exactly what it was all about. These insurance companies delay settlement of all and any insurance claims for as long as they reasonably and legally can. At any given point in time they probably have hundreds of millions, maybe more, sitting in their interest-earning bank accounts instead of where they should be sitting, namely in the accounts of their clients. This interest is simply additional revenue, with no additional cost involved and it is a not insignificant component of their strategy to maximize overall profitability. Of course it doesn't work with clients who stay on the ball and who continuously monitor their claim situation and regularly demand written updates of the status. But these are a minority and Naviera Pujol was not among them. And from what I had seen of the company so far, nor would I have expected it to be.
So when do you expect to make the transfer, I asked. Oh, it will be this week already, he said.
And that was the end of the meeting. I thanked him for his time, he thanked me for coming, and I was smoking a celebration cigarette within seconds of hitting the street. A painless meeting, no work involved, hardly any time wasted, and €3.4 million coming our way! Now, this week!
A fantastic piece of luck at last and one I was sorely in need of. I was already working out what would happen to that money. First of all, both the crane and the Mahon Star's top deck would be fixed. Both of these items would create immediate additional revenue potential and the payback would be an unbeatable one, months, not years. I might spend a bit more of the money on some sales and marketing activity to speed up the recuperation of our 40-ton container business. And then the remainder would be stashed away in an interest bearing account—more income.
However, I would not be spending any money fixing our idle ships' engine and dry dock problems until I had worked out how to have them generating revenues, although I would be obtaining two or three quotes for the engine repair in the meantime. And I would not tell Sr. Pujol that we would ourselves be able to cover the next few months' cash flow requirements; let the group continue paying for that until the company, hopefully, became profitable. And sure, it was similar to the insurance company's trick but so what? Business is business. Business, like most everything else on this planet, is the survival of the fittest.
I took a taxi to our dock offices. The Mahon Star, having enjoyed its Sunday day of leisure in port, was being unloaded. The ship's captain, Agustín, was chatting with Fernando about which containers should be loaded onto the lower deck this afternoon. So I said good morning and let them continue and sat down on a chair in the corner to flip through my emails until they had finished. And then my company mobile rang. It was Pedro. María del Carmen had called in first thing this morning with her resignation, he said, and she wouldn't be returning to the office.
More good news! Not a huge item but all gifts are welcome and will not be returned to sender. Thank you for letting me know, Pedro, I said. We will probably outsource her bookkeeping function and halve the cost at the same time. No panic. Please have Conchita do what she can in the meantime; I expect to be back on either Thursday or Friday. And by the way, Pedro, I said, I urgently need some quotes for a full repair of our crane. As soon as possible. And while we're about it, a couple of quotes for fixing the Mahon Star's top deck. And if you can manage to persuade them at short notice to come and take a look at the work to be done while the ship is in Palma tomorrow, that would be fantastic. Another of my mottos: never delay anything unless there is good reason to do so. Cash is still pouring out of the window here every day. I'll do my best, said Pedro.
As Agustín stood up to leave, I asked him if it would be possible for me to travel back on his ship on Wednesday night if I needed to. Of course it would be possible for the boss to travel on his ship, he said, I was welcome to travel with him and his crew anywhere and at any time.
Good. I would try to make it Wednesday, that way both ships' crews would have seen their new boss in jeans and without a tie, and they would also have seen that, in spite of being the boss, he was also a fairly normal guy. Very important that they think that, irrespective of its veracity.
I drank some coffee with Fernando and discussed which methods might be best to try and recuperate some of our Barcelona customers' 40-ton business.
And then it was time for the dockworkers' midday break and their much vaunted leader sauntered into our office. The sauntering was accompanied by an aura of surliness typical in uneducated humans of his ilk who, unable to be of much practical use to anyone anywhere, decide to spend their few short decades on the planet reviling and obstructing anything and anybody connected to what they refer to as 'the representatives of capital'. I tend to feel sorry for these poor, unfortunate specimens, half of their brains are missing or, as my father would have put it, 'thee'r all bone from t'neck oop', and so I addressed him as if he were a normal human being.
What is your opinion, I commenced, on the need for seventeen dockers to handle these small-capacity ships of ours. He didn't hesitate. Our opinion is the opposite to yours, he replied. And after making a few unsuccessful attempts to achieve a conversation of any kind, I thanked him very much for his time and terminated the meeting. It was either that or smash him in the face. But the latter does not form part of my character, and even if it did, I am, as I have previously mentioned, of a cowardly nature and I wouldn't attempt it even with somebody less muscular than he was.
Zero success on the dockworkers' front both in Palma and Barcelona. More than a disappointment, those costs were one of our major problems. We would have to listen to some professional advice as to whether we could force the issue legally in any way, and I asked Fernando to find a decent lawyer over the course of the next few days.
I also asked him to urgently contact as many shipping agents as he could and try to fix me up as far as possible with some appointments for tomorrow and Wednesday. I wanted to see if yesterday's brainwave had any chance of becoming reality, or whether it was simply a dream solution born out of ignorance. We have a whole ship, I told Fernando, available for regular container cargo transport. I assume he thought I was referring to one of the ships lying idle, no need to enlighten him.
In an hour's time I had a not very easy meeting to get through with this pallet rental company. I had some quick tapas and a glass of white wine in a café I will never return to. No air conditioning, two ineffectual fans on the ceiling futilely stirring the air about, and the floor strewn with even more garbage than you usually find in this kind of place in Spain.
* * * * *
I took a taxi to the pallet company which was in the Granvía industrial estate in Sabadell, a grotty satellite town about 20 kilometers northwest of Barcelona.
Life can certainly be weird. Here we have a mentally ill person who has somehow managed to trigger meetings of the U.K. government and also a global summit meeting to deal with the subject of how the human race might convert itself into a more intelligent and non-aggressive one; and here we also have a person like me, sitting in a taxi, earning money for conversing with said madman, knowing that it is all a load of cobblers, and therefore continuing to spend his time and energy on the task of returning a loss-making company to profitability. Serenely so, and also for money of course.
The taxi dropped me off exactly where it was supposed to, no problem at all these days with satellites beaming the necessary info non-stop earthwards. Worldwide Logistics was the unoriginal and probably misleading name of the company, and I had plenty of time to smoke a cigarette before going inside.
It was basically a big warehouse with an office area accessible through a small side door. There was no reception area and no receptionist, blonde or otherwise. There were some people sitting at their desks staring at their computer screens and they paid no attention to me, absolutely zero. I stood there for a minute and I watched them. Nobody stirred. If I were a possible big new customer, it didn't interest them. If I were a possible existing customer with a query, it didn't bother them. If I had placed a massive bomb with a short fuse on the floor and was about to walk out, they wouldn't have moved an inch. You get human beings like these, they would provide a useful theme for a doctorate thesis on neurological inertia and social decay. Finally, a guy came marching through from a partitioned office at the back of the building, shook my hand and led me back to his lair.
"Sr. O'Donaghue, Naviera Pujol, the pallets," he said without further ado.
"Yes," I replied. "Thank you for finding the time to receive me at such short notice."
"My pleasure, my pleasure," he said, "and what can we do for you?"
As if he didn't know. "I wish to discuss the termination of our contract," I said.
"No problem. Can be done at year-end. You return the pallets in good condition. End of story."
"Or we buy them," I said.
"Yes, that is contractually possible also."
"What do the pallets cost?"
"Oh…whatever the new pallet price is at year-end."
O.K., so he was one of those. An asinine piece of nastiness. One of those rotting turds which the ocean waves occasionally wash into your face as you float peaceably by on the currents of your life. Fair enough, no sweat, a turd is a turd and as no-one had taken the trouble to swill this one down into the sewers, the task now fell to me.
"We are not going to pay new prices for second-hand pallets. They are an average of eight years old and cost a fraction of what new pallets are worth today."
"Then you will have to return them. In good condition," he said.
"And we are not going to return them either," I said.
"Then you will have to continue paying the rental charges."
"And we are not going to do that either."
He remained composed, he wasn't worried. He was in possession of a watertight contract signed by that imbecile, Alfonso. He picked up a pencil and started tapping it on his desk. "That would create a bad situation," he said.
"Yes, it would," I replied. "However, to avoid that bad situation, I am prepared to offer you the equivalent of nine months' rental charges to terminate the contract. That amount coincides with my estimate of the value of the pallets eight years ago and is a lot more, considering the depreciation, than their worth today."
"We cannot accept that," he said. "Nor is there anything in the contract which obliges us to do so."
"Then we have nothing further to discuss," I said and I stood up to leave.
"This will mean a court case," he said.
"Indeed it will. Expensive lawyers for you and expensive lawyers for me and you will be paying for both. In my opinion, that is. I look forward to meeting you there." And I turned and opened the door to the general office.
"Wait…" He was a fast thinker and he knew when his bread was buttered and when it was not. "One year's rental charges," he said.
I paused for a moment as if I was thinking. "O.K.," I said, "I will go as far as that. You will need to send us a signed legal agreement to that effect, one which our lawyers can approve, and then we will make the payment which automatically voids the contract."
He nodded slowly, and I merely walked away and back out into the heat of the afternoon. There was no point in my wasting my time with pleasantries. Not that I had anything against the turd. A turd, as I have said, is a turd and you find them floating around here and there, but you cannot really hold them responsible; the responsibility lies with whoever excreted them. And to be fair, and we do try to be, he had had a brainless customer permanently tied into a remunerative contract and had exacted what he knew was the best he could obtain for losing it. A year, of course, was what I was prepared to pay in the first place. Otherwise we would have had to contractually pay rent until the year-end anyway, plus court-mandated compensation for not returning the pallets. But for less money than that, we were now free of the contract and there would be no more wasted expenditure in the future. I didn't think it was much of a bluff on my part about seeing him in court. Neither he nor I would have wanted to incur serious attorney costs. Nor did the Naviera have any lawyers to review the termination document he was going to send, nor did we want or need any. I would review that document myself and if it was satisfactory, I would merely have it notarized.
I walked along in the glaring sunshine to the next building which was a bathroom equipment showroom, and asked the sales lady if she would mind calling a taxi for me. I gave her my sexiest smile and it was no problem.
It was just after five o'clock when I got back to the docks. Fernando was on the phone and I heard him trying to arrange a meeting for me with someone on the other end. I called Sr. Pujol to give him an update on my activities—not necessary, but always good to give the right impression—and he said let's meet at seven o'clock at your hotel and we can talk it over while enjoying some aperitifs on their terrace bar.
A great idea. This is a great country to be in from May through October. You can't talk business in the warm sunny evenings in terrace bars in Germany or in the U.K. or, if you wish to be pedantic about it, very seldom. I waved goodbye to Fernando. He stopped in the middle of a phone call to someone else and said he would contact me later in the evening. That will be fine, I said.
Back at the hotel I showered, changed, and went down to the outdoor bar area. Sr. Pujol was already there. It had given me pleasure to inform him of the hotel I was staying in, he could see for himself how his expensive consultant was prepared to suffer while fixing the shit he couldn't fix himself. Chapter One in your book of 'The Cumulative Effects of Minor Psychological Finesses'.
He was seated at a table and looking through a menu. We shook hands, I sat down, a waiter appeared—quite a piece of luck in this place—and I ordered a very cold sherry. I had learned from the big bosses of a major sherry company in Jerez de la Frontera, where I had been invited one evening while on a project in that region a few years ago, that you should not drink sherry cold. When I protested that that was how it was always served to me, they smiled and said, yes, and that was the way they wanted to keep it, it increased consumption volumes. But, as a discerning person, they said, I should never drink it cold.
But I liked it cold, or at least decently chilled. So I am clearly not a discerning person. Too early for dinner, said Sr. Pujol, looking up from his menu, but how about some calamari to pick at and a nice bottle of white wine to go with it? I told him that that was a grand idea, except for the fact that I didn't like calamari, or squid, or octopus—I can't tell the difference—on account of my not particularly enjoying the taste of hot India rubber. My preference would be for some boquerones, if he didn't mind. And at least he laughed, albeit in his reptilian way, and ordered both.
"Close escape about an hour ago, don't you think?" he said.
"Close escape?"
"Yes, that meteorite that smashed into the Atlantic Ocean. A very big one, and it didn't burn up enough on its way through the atmosphere. A bit bigger, and half of us wouldn't have been here in a few days' time. Makes you think."
A statement I could not agree with, as my neurons were refusing to think. There was absolutely no point. They had decided that aliens were impossible, therefore Mr. Parker was an unheard of astronomy scholar, among other things, ahead of his time by a long way. And he was not alone of course, if we remind ourselves of the Galileos, the da Vincis, the Einsteins.
"Or if it had landed somewhere in Europe," continued Sr. Pujol, "half of us wouldn't be here already. Just imagine, no more Naviera problems. And no more boquerones and white wine." And he chuckled his reptilian chuckle. "Check it out later on, the television channels are full of it."
"I certainly will," I said. "And good to hear you say that the Naviera's problems and the white wine are preferable to the alternative."
"Too right," he said, "and anyway you are going to solve those problems, correct?" Another of those gruesome smiles of his. He probably eats grilled lizards for breakfast. Iguana, maybe.
"I don't know yet. I am working very fast, as I always do, but I won't have arrived at a conclusion until the end of next week."
"Well, hopefully it will be a positive one. Otherwise you will miss out on your company car."
"Company car?"
"Yes, it's a fairly decent BMW 3 series station wagon. I gave Alfonso two weeks to return it. It should be back in about ten days' time."
Not bad. Perks are nice. More money for spending or investing.
"But you were going to give me an update, I believe," he continued.
"Yes," I said. "Some cost savings are under way and there are a couple of ways in which we can increase revenues. But those things will not get rid of the losses. I am looking at some really major initiatives but I have no idea whether they will turn out to be feasible. Certainly, it seems as if there is nothing we can do about the dockworkers' costs. But one thing I wanted to ask you about. If I can manage to free up one ship from the Mallorca run, is there any reason from your end as to why I shouldn't put it to work on another route?"
"You can do whatever you want," Sr. Pujol replied. "That is why I have hired you. I honestly don't care what you do, as long as you make the company viable again."
"O.K., well…thank you. Then we'll see how things work out. I will be letting you know about whether or not I can fix things as soon as I can, possibly even as early as next week sometime. But even if I can't, I shall of course continue to run the company for as long as you wish provided, as we have discussed before, that I can take a day or two off here and there to attend to business in the U.K."
That was already agreed, he said, and we finished off the food and the wine and we shook hands and he disappeared back into his own private world, inhabited no doubt by other members of the cold-blooded, lung-breathing vertebrates of the species Reptilia.
I smoked a cigarette, ordered a steak, and was finishing my coffee and another cigarette when my phone rang. It was Fernando. I have managed to fix four meetings for you tomorrow, he said, and one for Wednesday. He was trying for more on Wednesday, and he would text me the names, addresses and phone numbers and the times fixed for the meetings within the next few minutes. I thanked him for the good work and told him I wanted a maximum of three meetings for Wednesday, as I planned to travel back that evening on the Mahon Star. I'll fly over next week if necessary, I said, to continue the search.
I went up to my room and switched on the television. It was full of the meteorite. There were also explanations of just about everything, including the differences between meteorites, asteroids and comets, which as far as I was concerned were all the same thing except that some were rock, some were rubble and some were ice. They spoke about the Earth having been hit an estimated 350 times in the last 10,000 years by asteroids as large as the one which wasted 2,000 km2 of Siberia in the year 1908. And they cited the very high odds of millions of us being killed by asteroids during the next 10,000 years. And they talked about asteroids whose orbits we could track and forecast, and about why there was no guarantee it would stay that way because their trajectories were sometimes affected by gravitational aberrations in space about which we as yet have little knowledge.
And they talked about asteroid 2011 AG5, discovered in 2011 by Mount Lemmon astronomers in Arizona, USA, a high risk object which apparently could directly impact Earth the next time around, which would be in February, 2040. And while they were explaining that this particular matter had been on the agenda of the 49th. session of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee of the United Nations Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, something I judged to be a complete, utter and entire waste of everybody's time, I fell asleep.

DAY 40
A low pressure belt had moved into Eastern Spain overnight and I awoke to a cloudy and rainy day. It was close to being cold out on my balcony and the ocean was reflecting the dirty grey color of the clouds above. But there you go, even in these latitudes you have to suffer sometimes.
It was appropriate weather for the day I had. My first shipping agency meeting was at 9.30 a.m. and the last one finished at around 5 p.m. and they were all the same and they were all a dead loss. They were interesting for me, sure enough, I had my first kindergarten lessons in how these things worked, what the current tariffs were and how they were calculated, and I even had one miserable offer of a single voyage to Portugal which would have lost us a lot of money. There was nothing doing, viable contracts for ships of our small tonnage were rare exceptions. Depressing, no two ways about it, my brilliant idea was not so brilliant after all.
I picked up a newspaper and had a coffee on the way back to the docks. Yesterday there had been 1,565 conflict deaths, a reasonably high number which had prompted them to make a small front page summary. Syria 890, Mali 25, Turkey 41 (of which 24 Kurds), Pakistan 168 (of which 124 Shiites), Iraq 86 (of which 40 Syrians), Lebanon 27, Afghanistan 43 (of which 35 the result of a NATO attack, including 11 children), Algeria 42, Central African Republic 18, South Sudan 17, Congo 76, Mexico 43, Northern Ireland 2, Nigeria 51 (of which 29 school children, victims of the fight to prevent western-style education), and Burma—or Myanmar if you insist—36 (all victims of a Buddhist attack on a Muslim school).
The accompanying article pointed out that this excluded conflict deaths not yet reported. I also read another brief report about eight deaths in yet another U.S. madman massacre yesterday morning. Interesting numbers, I thought to myself. You get some really interesting numbers sometimes.
Before returning to the hotel I went to the port and watched the Gerona Sol leave the harbor in the rain on its overnight trip back to Palma. Fernando was still there—he normally took long lunch hours and worked until 8 p.m.—and he had managed to arrange three more meetings for me for tomorrow and he gave me the details for each one. When I told him about the humiliating results of my day's work, he said—politely enough—that our ships were not of the type and size which were much in demand these days. He could have said 'I would have told you that for free', but he didn't, which I appreciated, while at the same time reflecting that it would have been bad news for him had he done so. I was not in the most buoyant of moods.
Back at the hotel, I checked my emails and my bank account. The €300,000 had arrived! This money thing was as unbelievable as the asteroids. Except that they were both real, both extremely real. I would have to think about where to invest this stuff, but I would leave that until next week; after all, another €400,000 was due to arrive any day now. What to do with all the filthy lucre assuming, of course, that I didn't want to put all my eggs into that bear certificate basket? Life, as we have said before, can be tough and full of dilemmas requiring demanding decisions.
My non-buoyant mood had become a little less waterlogged. I ate some fish in the hotel restaurant. I typed out the invoice to Obrix Consultancy, attached it to an email to Jeremy with the comment that if an original were required, I would hand it to him on my next trip to London, and clicked on 'Send'.
I got through another two pages of Platform before I fell asleep.

DAY 41
My balcony inspection revealed a repeat of yesterday's weather. But the good news was that there was very little wind and if it remained that way, this fair weather sailor would be spared the embarrassment, as he had been on the Gerona Sol, of spewing a coward's vomit all over a captain's cabin.
The first shipping agency meeting sounded more than promising. An exporter was looking for a ship of more or less our ships' capacity to contract permanently for a weekly run from Barcelona to Morocco in North Africa. It would be carrying containers loaded up with anything from toothbrushes to televisions and everything else that the Moroccans had begun to be able to afford in recent decades. And the distance was adapted more or less perfectly for a weekly timetable.
"Morocco," I said in my capacity as the world's most ignorant ship owners' representative, "that would involve export documentation and…"
"The documentation is not a problem," the agency executive replied, "and in any case the destination ports are either Ceuta or Melilla, depending on the week, and these cities are part of Spain. Our little Gibralters, if you will," he giggled. "And there are no special ocean-going requirements to comply with; in any case, the whole trajectory keeps you within a hundred nautical miles of the coast."
Too good to be true, except that it wasn't. The offer he quoted was too low. I knew what the costs for the crew and the fuel and the other standard items were, but if I added in a rough estimate for the depreciation and short and long-term maintenance expense, it would be just a break-even job at best. I explained this to him and made him a counter-offer which was about 30% higher, but he just sadly shook his head.
My second meeting of the morning went the same way as yesterday's meetings. And the last meeting in the early afternoon produced an offer to transport salt here, there and everywhere at a price that wouldn't even have paid for the salt corrosion prevention work which a cargo like that entails. And it was not, in any case, a use to which a fine, albeit small, container ship should be put; that was not a way to treat an excellent vessel.
The rain had stopped and as it was only just after three o'clock, I decided to walk back in the direction of our offices. I dropped into a café for some tapas and a coffee. I was learning that this was a tough business to be in, no doubt about it. My brilliant idea would have to join those large numbers of non-viable miracle solutions to be found discarded in the dusty files of many a company foolish enough to have contracted an exorbitantly expensive third-party business review.
But if Fernando managed to fix up another meeting or two, I would be back to complete the work before abandoning the whole concept. As the old saying goes: If at first you don't succeed, try, try and try again. And as the modern continuation has it: And then give up. No point in being a bloody fool about it.
Jeremy's phone rang and I walked out into the street and lit up a cigarette.
"Good afternoon, Peter. And how is sunny Spain today?"
"Meteorologically downcast, Jeremy."
"You mean overcast, ha ha."
"Yes, anyone would think that a meteorite had landed nearby."
"Ah hah, you liked that did you?"
"I was suitably impressed, Jeremy."
"Well, that's why I'm calling you. To give you an update on the second summit meeting in Geneva today. Monday's event obviously worked. It amazed and convinced them all. Two summit meetings in one week, that has to be a record."
"Probably, Jeremy," I said, "but I thought you weren't going to that meeting?"
"Quite right, Peter. I wasn't. And I didn't. But I seem to have become important enough to be kept fully in the picture. The deputy prime minister has just called to inform me of the day's proceedings."
"And what exactly did he have to say?"
"Probably just as you expect, Peter. They are scared. They are scared of me. They are scared of my 'powers'. Half of them have me classified as dangerous. They want to have me incarcerated, which they wouldn't be able to achieve of course. And the other half have taken my recommendation seriously and want to start organizing its implementation, aliens or no aliens. A peaceful world is what they want; they believe in the desirability of that and they are calling for 'the most significant initiative in the history of the human race'. There is only one item on which they are all unanimous."
"And that would be?"
"That I am mad. A lunatic with severe brain damage, hypnotic powers or more serious telepathic ones and extremely advanced astronomy knowledge. That more or less coincides with what you still think, Peter."
"I am not so certain nowadays," I said, "but one thing is for sure, Jeremy, your money is real enough. I would like to thank you again very much for your most recent transfer. You can imagine how greatly I appreciate that."
"All as agreed, Peter, no need to mention it, my pleasure."
"And what else did the deputy prime minister have to say?"
"Well…he summed up by saying that the summit meeting did not in fact achieve any agreement, but that there were great hopes that continued negotiation could result in a workable consensus. And he said that everyone would like to meet with me again. I told him no, Peter. Thanks in great part to your assistance I have been able to complete what I set out to do. My work is finished. I sincerely hope it results in a happy ending. Anything else would have unnecessary and very sad consequences. He tried to pressure me into at least agreeing to one more meeting with the prime minister on his own. And again, I said no."
"Aren't you at all concerned about them keeping you under surveillance, perhaps capturing you even?"
"Not really, Peter. As you know, I can take care of myself on that front. I am already being watched day and night by what seems to be an army of secret service personnel. But it doesn't worry me, they are not causing any disruptions to my life and they are not interfering in my affairs."
"So what are you going to do now?"
"I am just going to carry on completing the research for my thesis, Peter. It might take me a few more weeks or even a few more months, and then I'll be gone."
"And what will happen to Jeremy Parker?" I asked. A very clever question indeed, what have his fantasies got worked out for that?
"I am sorry to say that poor Jeremy will have a relapse of course and they will waste no time in returning him to his secure room in that asylum for the mentally deranged. Or, more probably, back to a high-security unit."
This is becoming weirder and weirder. How could he know that he was going to have a relapse?
"But they will still think he is you," I said, continuing to play his game. "They will subject him to all kinds of pressure and harassment. Perhaps even torture. They will never stop trying to find out about his 'powers'. And poor Jeremy won't be able to do a single thing about it."
"That is true, Peter. But Jeremy won't suffer in the way that a normal person such as yourself might. Jeremy was, and will be, truly deranged and not fully capable of perceiving or experiencing or understanding what is going on around him, or what is happening to him. And I really don't expect them to stoop to torturing a poor creature who is clearly and certifiably insane. A dangerous psychopath. I really don't."
And maybe he was right about that. And that was the end of our conversation. We said goodbye and Jeremy said he would be contacting me at the weekend. He assumed that by then he would have news of the General Committee's decisions regarding our planet. And once more I had to admit to considerable admiration for him, the guy was playing out his fantasy world in all of its intricate madness right down to the finishing line.
Back in the real world, I realized I had to pick up my suitcase at the hotel and make it back to the port before the Mahon Star sailed. I paid my bill, lit up a cigarette, fast-walked the whole route and made it about ten minutes before departure time. I gave Fernando the sorry news that today's visits had been as successful as yesterday's, said goodbye and told him I would let him know when I would fly over again so that he could pre-arrange some final agency meetings for me.
Agustín welcomed me on board and we sailed out of the harbor under a grey sky and into relatively calm seas.
Two global meetings. And it took an insane man to achieve them. Nothing would ever come of it. Which was a pity, a very great pity. I stared out at the grey ocean, mini-waves sloshing against the ship rather like the Naviera problems washing around in my skull.
We must have been less than two hours under way and dusk was upon us, when the seamen began rolling out long lines off the back of the ship. I asked Agustín what they were doing. Ah, he said, at this time in the evening, the tuna come up close to the surface and if the weather is on our side, not too heavy a swell, we like to try and catch one or two. One of our sailors' perks, he added, they sell the catch to restaurants when we reach port.
Nothing much happened for about twenty minutes. And then a cry went up, there was a lot of shouting, and suddenly the ship heeled over, changed course by about 90˚ and increased its velocity to what I assumed was full speed. We are tracking the catch, said Agustin, these fish are very strong and can swim at up to 50 kilometers per hour. There followed some zigzagging which would have done credit to a warship being hunted down by a U-boat, and after a while the seamen began gradually hauling in the lines.
They had caught two tuna. They were very large ones, one can't have been far off three meters long. The seamen had their work cut out to haul them on board and then they began the even more arduous task of killing them. Not a pleasant spectacle. Unlike most fish, tuna have pink colored flesh and together with the large quantities of blood being produced by the stabbing, the deck took on the appearance of what a murder scene in the 'Red Lips' nightclub might look like. I don't know why the nightclub came to mind as a comparison, neurons can act pretty strangely sometimes.
As we know, human beings are especially proficient in slaughtering things, they have plenty of practice in doing it to themselves, and eventually it was all over and finished with, and the ship was heading back towards its original course for Palma. I was invited to dinner in the crew dining room and although the red wine could not be described, under the most benevolent of criteria, as refined, the ship's cook was certainly able to prove that he knew how to cook. Dinner was fun, there were plenty of jokes including some excellent filthy ones, and they wrapped up a chunk of tuna for me to take home with me when we reached Palma.

DAY 42
The remainder of the voyage was similar to the outward journey on the Gerona Sol, hundreds of dots on the radar screen, although on this ship there was not so much television watching on the bridge. Thus reassured, I was actually able to sleep for a couple of hours in Agustin's cabin.
We docked in Palma shortly before six o'clock. There was not a cloud in the sky. It was going to be a hot day, the rainy interlude was gone to wherever rainy interludes go to. I lit up a cigarette—it is even worse for you if you smoke in the early morning or late at night, or so they tell us, but we smokers do not allow trivialities like that to confuse our neurons, and in any case we are going to give it up well before the time for developing cancer arrives—while Agustín sorted out some unloading matters with some of his guys.
And then we went together to the café for some coffee, brandy-laced as usual in Agustín's case. And it was while he was peaceably flipping through one of the local newspapers that my neurons suddenly unleashed one of their vicious war-cries. 'Are you an idiot?' they asked me. 'Are you an imbecile? Don't you need us anymore?'
"Agustín," I said.
"Hmm?"
"That is the reason, isn't it?"
"Reason? What reason?"
"The reason why our fuel costs sometimes shoot sky-high."
He thought for a while. Or at least he made it look as if he was thinking. "You mean the tuna?" he asked.
"Yes," I said. "I mean the tuna. It must require a lot of fuel to go full-speed. And on top of that, chasing the tuna and then getting back on course must add quite a few sea-miles to the journey."
He chewed this over for a moment. "Yes," he said without any rancor, "it does. But it's one of the crew's perks."
I told him that I didn't want to eliminate any of the crew's perks, but that we had to reach an agreement to limit this activity and arrive at a budgeted monthly amount for fuel consumption. You and Antonio both, I said. And he said yes, he saw the need for it, he understood it, he would talk with Antonio and he would appear in my office on Tuesday with their proposal. Which would no doubt have to be compared to the boss's proposal, he added with a smile. That, I also replied with a smile, is the way it is, Agustín.
We went back to the dock and I went into the office. Pedro was already there, working away—if he carried on like this, he was going to reap some nice benefits while I was the boss—and I said good morning and made myself some coffee and went into Alfonso's maritime museum and began checking through the last few days' invoices which had been placed in a neat pile on my desk.
There was nothing out of the ordinary among the invoices. In the mail, however, there were three quotes for the crane repair and two for the Mahon Star's deck. I called Pedro into my office.
"Pedro," I asked, "how on earth did you manage to get these quotes in so quickly?"
"Well," he replied, "it wasn't that difficult. One of the crane quotes is from the Balearics representative of the manufacturer of the crane and the other two are from local companies we have previously used for crane maintenance work. I know the guys there. I told them it was very urgent, twenty-four hours would be a good idea. And as the work required is clearly defined and so are the parts requirements, there was nothing complicated for them to do. And given the situation of the economy nowadays, they would both like to be given a nice contract such as this one. So they rushed it."
"Hmm…well done, Pedro. And the quotes for the ship?"
"Two Mallorca companies which specialize in this kind of work. This is obviously a nice fat order for them and they were both here on Tuesday to inspect the ship. I had one of them come in the morning and the other in the afternoon. Each of their inspections took around three hours during which they both spent considerable time discussing exactly what was needed with Agustín and his on-board engineer. I also told these companies that twenty-four hours would be a good idea, but I must admit I didn't expect the quotes for another two or three days. Both must have decided it was worth a bit of overtime."
"Great, Pedro," I said. "Fantastic. I appreciate your efforts. Many thanks. I'll forward the quotes to you right now and I would be grateful if you would review them and give me your recommendations as to which ones we should accept."
"Will do. I can discuss them today with Agustín. But I might need until tomorrow morning to give you conclusions that I am personally sure about, bearing in mind that 99% sure means not sure. Would that be alright?"
Now how about that? Have I found a Spaniard who understands and appreciates cynical humor? It looks like it, in which case we are going to have a very good working relationship. "I am 99% sure," I smiled, "that your conclusions will be at least 99% correct. Thanks again, Pedro."
* * * * *
At around half past one, Conchita knocked on the open door to my office—my office doors are permanently open to all and sundry unless there is a need for confidentiality—and I waved her in. The name Conchita is a shortened version of María de la Concepción. This name actually celebrates the date of conception of Jesus Christ's mother, although I am uncertain as to whether the date was recorded somehow and is therefore a factual one, or whether it was guessed at using the average length of time until birth. Anyway, Conchita was a junior administration assistant who had up until now reported to María del Carmen. She was around thirty years old, jet black hair, neither attractive nor ugly, and a single mother of a young daughter.
Pedro had told me that she relied heavily on her employment with us and that she did her best to keep it. She was a good and conscientious worker. Well, if she were as good and conscientious as Pedro seemed to think, she would not only get to keep her job but, with María gone, I would be handing her one or two additional responsibilities and if she dealt with those acceptably, she would also receive a salary hike. In my experience, good and conscientious is not necessarily to be found on every street corner, and I, for one, like to make sure that the remuneration reflects the company's appreciation in all such cases. And, in the interests of fairness, justice and honesty, let us admit that salary raises also reduce the risk of losing such people.
Pedro had already made my day, and here was Conchita about to make it for me all over again. She had just returned from a visit to our bank and she informed me—wide-eyed she was, and not metaphorically so—that our current account had been credited with the impressive amount of €3.4 million. Was it correct or was it an error, she asked. It was quite correct, I told her, just one of our outstanding problems which by chance we had been able to fix quite quickly.
I asked her to kindly arrange for the transfer of €3 million to our deposit account for the moment. I didn't believe, I said, that my password authorization was necessary for inward movements into that account from another internal company account, but if so, she should please let me know.
She looked at me as if I were Superman, or maybe Batman or Spiderman. I personally am toying with the idea of one day creating Snakeman, a cold-blooded limbless hero who would experience truly bizarre adventures—including perhaps also an on-off affair with Lizardwoman—and she went out half-backwards and sat down at her desk in the open office area.
In the afternoon I didn't do much. But one thing I did do was check my personal on-line account. And there was Jeremy's €400,000 snuggling nicely in among the more minor items and for the time being I transferred it together with the €300,000 into my interest-earning account. I would have to think about what to do with it all next week. Or maybe it didn't exist, maybe it was all a hallucination, maybe I was suffering from a delusion, I had caught a virus from Jeremy. Bullshit. But I would still check the bank balance again tomorrow—just to make sure you understand.
I celebrated by ending my workday promptly, loaded the suitcase into a taxi and was back in my Illetas hotel at a time when plenty of Spanish businessmen were still returning to their offices after a long lunch hour.
I hadn't forgotten to collect the tuna fish from the office refrigerator and the hotel chef was pleasantly surprised when I handed him the gift and told him how fresh it was. I'll have to get approval from the manager, he said, there are rules about accepting gifts. Of course you do, I replied, and if he doesn't like the idea then it will have to become a personal gift to yourself. Yes, it's possible to make friends, even in a kitchen.
I spent an hour floating around in the sea and for the remainder of the evening I ruminated on recent events, ate some dorada for dinner and continued my ruminations over a coffee, a cigarette and a simple Hennessey; followed by another cigarette and another Hennessey. I am usually, and it is a fact, a very fast worker. But—honesty to the fore as always, or fairly often at least—the results of the past few days in both the Naviera and the personal finance areas were down purely to Lady Luck. A couple of mermaids if you will, young ones, washed by chance into my path on an ebbing tide.
And so it was enjoyable to chew things over, and that's what I did. Then I typed and transmitted two invoices for €200,000 each to Jeremy. And then I was tired and climbed happily into a bed which wasn't a damp bunk in a ship captain's cabin and fell asleep thinking about piles of money and cranes and insurance companies and tuna fish, the latter for some reason being neatly piled up on several Euro-sized pallets.

DAY 43
I decided to beat Pedro to the office today. Not to set the tone, he didn't need that, but just to make sure he knew he did not have a boss who had rules for himself and other rules for those who work for him. At the same time it would not be a bad idea for the crew of the Gerona Sol to see me already there when they arrived in port.
And so I got out of bed at 4 a.m. and was in the office at shortly after five and I was smoking my day's first cigarette as I watched the Gerona Sol inching its way through the harbor until it finally reached our wharf and docked. And my neurons suddenly became very pleased with themselves again, they had had another idea. Or at least they had thought of a question which was well worth putting. Why did the ship need to arrive so early, a considerable amount of time before unloading would begin? Certainly, the sooner they were back on land, the happier the ship's crew no doubt was. But an hour or two later would mean they could travel at a slower speed and that would translate into some additional significant fuel savings. I agreed with my neurons that they could file the matter under 'Urgent' and that I would discuss it with Pedro next week. After all, for all I knew, there could be a very good reason for the ships to arrive early. But even if…perhaps we could start the unloading and loading operations earlier and the ships could then leave earlier and sail at a slower speed in the other direction. Hah! Worth finding out about anyway.
At around nine o'clock Conchita brought in the few invoices which had arrived yesterday. One of the documents contained the company's credit card costs for the past month and judging by the size of some of Alfonso's travel and entertainment expenditures in Barcelona, we would be achieving some additional cost savings here in the future also. Minor ones, O.K., but all corn and malt—or grist as some would have it—to the mill. I called Conchita back and I handed her back the invoices. I also asked her to cancel the company credit cards. I explained to her that in future any expenditures on behalf of the company by me or anybody else would be paid for by the person involved and reimbursed via expense claims, all of which would, for the moment, require my signatory approval. Except for mine of course, I continued, mine would need to be approved by Sr. Pujol and were not to be paid unless they had been signed by him. I smiled. Even if I ask you to, I said. We will put these and several other procedures into writing next week, and then you will have both the responsibility and the authority for ensuring that they are applied.
She had a happy look on her face as she left the room. I think that her Mr. Superman had also become her Mr. Honestman and I think she was having some good vibes about the way the company was going to be run from now on. The way it should be. A company with happy employees operates far more efficiently than one without.
Later in the morning, Pedro came to see me, quotes in hand. He recommended the second most expensive quote for the crane and the most expensive one for the ship. He explained that he had spoken with both Agustín and the crane operator, and also with himself. His recommendations were based on two criteria, he said. First, the two recommended companies were the ones most renowned for their quality and reliability, and second, their quotes were not crazily higher than any lower quotes which might, admittedly, have complicated matters somewhat. He stood fully behind his proposals.
I told him I was impressed. His criteria were the correct ones, I didn't even need to think about it, I was convinced and would he please go ahead and place the orders. No need to attempt to negotiate a one or two percent reduction in price on this occasion, I said. The priority is for quality work on undertakings such as these, so let them make their profits. No provoking them into looking for ways to cut corners on the job.
Call the lucky ones up, I continued, and please ask Conchita to prepare the bank transfers for the initial down payments. And now it was Pedro's turn to be impressed, his recommendations had been accepted, his boss had trust in his views, a decision had been taken fast, and major problems were going to be resolved without delay.
So he also left my office with a happy look on his face. Another contented employee, another guy who would be giving his all to help make his company profitable.
I made myself a coffee and checked through my emails. And among them was a message to boggle the mind, boggle being a fine four hundred year-old word for which one must praise its creator, a word whose descriptive precision is exquisitely matched by its apposite resonance. There was only one possible reaction to this message, and that was 'Praise be to Ploutos', Ploutos being the Greek God of Wealth and Riches. He was also blind, blinded by Zeus—that god who was more powerful than all of the other Greek gods put together—so that he would have to distribute the wealth indiscriminately and not only to the good, the virtuous, and any others who might deserve it. So whichever category I fell into, my neurons said, I had no need to worry.
The email was from the shipping agency. Their client had agreed to my offer, they wanted a two-year contract with an option to prolong, and how soon would we be able to start with the first shipment? Thanks to Ploutus, and I shouldn't forget Zeus, this would wipe out our loss-making and slam the company into healthy profitability, irrespective of anything else that may or may not turn out to contribute.
I went down to the dock and invited Antonio to a lunch of tapas and white wine.
"Antonio," I asked, "if I were to say that we could pull one of our ships off the Barcelona-Palma run without losing any business, and have it do a weekly run to Ceuta or Melilla instead, which ship do you think would be the best?"
"Mine," he replied without hesitation.
"Why?"
"Because with only one ship for the Barcelona-Palma route, it should be the most reliable one and that is the Mahon Star, among other things because that ship, and therefore its engine, is several years younger than the Gerona Sol."
"Good reasoning, Antonio," I said. "And are there any other considerations in this connection?"
"Not exactly," he said, giving me an ambiguous smile, "except that, as everyone knows, Agustín has a girlfriend in Palma. And three of my crew are Moroccans, which might turn out to be helpful one day. Although," he continued, "to be honest, they could of course be swapped with crew from the Mahon Star if you saw fit."
"Well, I can't at the moment see why I would want to do that, Antonio. And if we act on your suggestion that it should be the Gerona Sol, when do you think we could start?"
"Well…let's see…I think the Mahon Star should stick to its routine, which means that it would have its non-operating Sunday here in Palma. And we would have our day off in Barcelona. If we could be loaded in Barcelona tomorrow afternoon or on Sunday, we could sail for Morocco next Monday already. Unless, of course, the cargo situation requires us to make an additional run back here; we could then start with the Africa route on, say, Thursday."
"Antonio, thank you very much," I said. "I will talk to Pedro about this and get back to you as soon as I can." And he thanked me for lunch and off he went in his jolly manner, scratching his sandy hair, and I wondered at the apparent ease with which seamen would happily sail anywhere you wanted them to. A bit like airline pilots, I supposed.
Pedro couldn't believe the news. Here was somebody else looking at me as if I were Superman and by now even I was beginning to enjoy the undeserved aura of a fake genius, why not? He agreed that the Gerona Sol was the best choice. He said that there were no cargo problems and he saw no reason why they shouldn't depart from Barcelona on the Monday as Antonio had suggested. He would speak to Antonio, who would tell his crew, he would contact Agustín who would do the same, he would speak with Fernando in Barcelona who would contact the shipping agency and start organizing the necessary loading and documentation requirements, and he would inform our employees here in the office. I asked him to arrange a small staff meeting for Monday afternoon—the Gerona Sol would be on its way to Africa by then and I would be talking fait accompli—so that I could explain to them the change and the reasons for it in more detail.
And then I replied to the shipping agency and told them Monday and would they please courier a signed notarized contract to us because our ship would not load until we had received it. I would return the contract signed as soon as possible. Alternatively, I wrote, we can start on a later date.
And then I left the office on the dot again. I shouldn't do that, particularly on a Friday, not setting the tone, but there have to be exceptions to everything and certain things require celebration; in this case a small one, an hour in the sea and a nice cool beer on the terrace afterwards.
And then I prolonged the celebration by taking the taxi back to Palma to a café which hosted a weekly blitz-chess tournament on Fridays. I didn't win it. I lost on time to the winner in the last round and finished second. Deservedly so, there is never any luck in chess. But the small cash prize was good enough to finance a fish dinner. And the few Courvoisiers which followed I financed myself.

DAY 44
Today was Saturday and I woke up late and it was getting hot already. I had a swim in the pool and I breakfasted on the terrace, yes, poached eggs again, and then I settled down to my second cup of Illy coffee and a cigarette and contentedly reviewed the agreeable state of affairs in which I found myself as of today's date.
On the personal side, I had gained one million Euros in just over six weeks for doing very little. Neither Delsey nor more powerful people were bothering me and it seemed to me that I had no further responsibilities toward Jeremy and his imaginary world, nor toward whatever screaming and arguing was going on among the planet's current holders of might and power.
At the same time, on the business side, the Naviera was about to show a miraculous turnaround. And I was about to become Mr. Superman for Sr. Pujol himself. He would think I was perfect, which I am not of course, which is a good thing, because perfect people tend not to have any friends. I was merely someone fortunate enough to have landed in a situation containing its own built-in solutions and who had also been lucky enough to stumble across them.
With the Africa business we would be near enough doubling our revenues and the majority of that would be pure profit, given that most of the costs would remain the same, including the Gerona Sol crew's wages. In fact, as far as I could see at the moment, the only increase in costs would be for fuel. But against that, we had another immense saving: the dockworker's costs. We would be saving the full weekly Palma costs and most of the Barcelona ones, as the ship would only be appearing there once per week.
And we would only be incurring dockworkers' costs once per week in Morocco, and we would only need about six dockworkers there, say, and they would be at vastly cheaper rates than the ones in Spain. Next week, Pedro, Conchita and I could work out the exact numbers but unless my thinking was wrong, we would be saving a net 3,500 man-days per year. And we could enjoy the uproar this would cause among the dockworkers in both Barcelona and Palma, but there was nothing at all they could do about it.
What's more, it would seem to them as if I had previously been trying to give them a chance by asking about the possibility of a headcount reduction, a proposal which they had undeniably rejected out of hand, in fact they had refused to even discuss it. So my shirt was as white as snow for the purpose of any future excursions into the pig-headed wonderland of communist-style labor.
We would also soon be earning more money by recuperating some of the 40-ton container cargo once the crane was repaired and by losing fewer journeys during the year once the Mahon Star deck had been upgraded. And on top of that, we were reducing miscellaneous costs on items such as fuel burned by tuna fishing, bookkeeping expense, pallet rental costs, and minor items such as Alfonso's annual travel and so-called entertainment expenses.
* * * * *
Saturday being just another day in the working week as far as Sr. Pujol was concerned, I gave him a call. He answered with "Buenos días, Sr. O'Donaghue, que tal van las cosas?", and I was pleased to hear that he had got the language message, he was no longer subjecting me to any of his Catalan shit, forgive my use of the word.
"I have some good news for you, Sr. Pujol," I said.
"You have? Always nice to receive good news. Chipping away at the losses, are you?"
I didn't reply for a moment. Let him think about his question and then blast him with something that will make his day, and probably many more of his days after that. Not that I was going to give him the full story, always good to have them spend a few months thinking that their consultant was achieving one success after another before finally achieving the desired goal of arriving in Shangri-La and finding the pot of gold fortuitously nestling among that valley's green meadows, beneath a rainbow of course. And fixing the monthly financials to show only gradual progress is naturally child's play for someone who knows what he is doing.
"One might say that, Sr. Pujol, yes. However, that is not the good news. The fact is, I have identified with absolute certainty a number of operational and cost issues which need to be dealt with, and for which solutions are available, and I have also established that the implementation of those solutions is feasible, and, furthermore, feasible within the short-term. This will result in the Naviera's losses disappearing entirely. The negative cash flow also, of course, which means that your group will no longer need to continue financing this company."
Now it was his turn to pause for a while. Probably running a quick check on his ears.
"That is incredible news," he said. "And you've only been there two weeks. How definite are you about this, and how long is short-term?"
"I am 100% definite, Sr. Pujol, or I wouldn't be communicating it. And short-term is a few months. I can't say exactly how many, but certainly prior to year-end."
"But that is unbelievable. Such an immense problem over such a long period of time and then you arrive and fix things inside a couple of weeks. Can it be that by pure chance I have hired a genius, Sr. O'Donaghue?" And I heard the reptilian chuckle which accompanied the question.
"Oh no, you have not hired a genius, Sr. Pujol. If there had been no major issues for me to find, I wouldn't have been able to find them. It has simply been a badly managed company. And, my apologies for correcting you, Sr. Pujol, but things are not fixed yet. Nothing is fixed. A lot of hard work lies ahead."
All of my employers love the humility and the modesty, even the reptilian ones. I even love it myself. It's a sort of game, and an easy one to play when you are sitting on solutions which are going to start rolling the day after tomorrow already.
"Yes, yes," said Sr. Pujol, "even so…it's remarkable." He sounded to me as if he was wetting his pants. Dreaming, no doubt, of all the flattery and veneration his board members would soon be showering on him for this masterly coup of his.
"But that is also not the good news, Sr. Pujol," I said.
"What? It isn't?"
"No. The good news is that within the first half of next year we will be making a substantial profit. An ongoing and sustainable profit, by the way. And substantial in the sense that I estimate a pre-tax net of around 14% of revenues. I haven't worked out what that means in terms of return on capitaI. I would need a few minutes with the balance sheet sometime next week to find that out. But in any case there is no need for detailed statistics until we get there."
"How can you do all of this? And so fast?" he asked and I gave myself the pleasure of imagining the formation of an increasingly larger pool beneath his desk. He was already composing his speech to his board members. And there was one thing he didn't know of course, nor was he going to know until I felt good and ready to add it to his pile of goodies. And that was that I had the two idle ships up my sleeve. I would either find a way for both ships to start generating even more profits for us, or I would create more money by selling them for the best price I could get.
There was a fly in all of this ointment, needless to say, there often is. A lot of the Barcelona-Mallorca-Barcelona freight had moved over to the roll-on, roll-off ships. The trucks drive onto the ship, deliver at the other end and drive back with any empty containers and/or containers loaded with shipments for the mainland. It avoids complicated and expensive logistics at both ends and, also at both ends, heavy dockworker costs. So the remaining Naviera business on this route would eventually disappear, or the volume would decline to loss-making levels. I didn't think Pujol could manage the huge investment required for a Ro-Ro ship, and even if he could, it would not be easy to drag an acceptable amount of business away from the competitors.
But he didn't need to know any of this yet. And in any case, if I stayed on long enough, I would have restructured the nature of our business and the routes involved. The profits would remain, they would just be earned in a different way, that's all.
"I think I will visit you in Palma the week after next," he continued, "and you can show me exactly what kind of magic it is you are working on. I will call you sometime next week with a time and date. Would that be alright with you?"
Yes, I said, that would be alright with me and we said goodbye and I lay down on my ocean waves and I let them carry me to a group of five paradise islands inhabited only by females, all under the age of thirty, and waiting for me to wash up on their beaches in order to provide me with cool drinks while they cooked fantastic fish meals for me and did many other things for me after that as well.
And the things they started doing for me after that were intense ones indeed, Morpheus and his guys were doing a great job. But I woke up. I must have snoozed for about an hour, the terrace lounge chairs in this hotel were good ones, no doubt about it. I went back to my room and changed and climbed down the steps into the sea and swam around the rocks for an hour or so.
The ocean, the real one, is one of our planet's solutions for cooling down its male inhabitants in whichever ways they need to be cooled down and whether or not they wish to be. And then you've got your neurons. They say, hey man, relax, cool down, why stay stressed and frustrated to no purpose? Right.
And that was the problem of course, frustrated to no purpose. I decided that after the first Morocco voyage was safely under way, I would take immediate steps to end this bloody celibacy. It is not good for you, it is unhealthy and it is bad for the complexion. Nor is it normal, unless you are one of those priests with half of a brain which is searching in vain for the other half which handles the areas of sex and desire and lust.
But don't get me wrong, I have nothing against a man—or a woman, come to that—who chooses to spend his or her life dressed in peculiar robes and living in a cell in some forbidding stone building—probably with central heating nowadays of course—and not even thinking about sex. The thought itself is probably a sin. And it would also take time away from the meditations and the prayers and so on to the god of his or her preference. Or to the gods of his or her preference if he or she is a Hindu. And that would be bad and we wouldn't want that. And seriously, I'm being honest. Each to his own. Live and let live is my message.
It was early evening when Jeremy called. The prime minister had called him personally earlier in the day. There was massive confusion and disagreement among the summit meeting attendees. About the only thing they were agreed on was that there was no way they could take this alien thing seriously unless they were able to actually meet a few aliens; a human being called Jeremy Parker did not count. However, the subject of world peace and whether it was achievable or not had awakened their interest in a way that had not existed previously. It was clear to them that throwing doves into the air and calling for peace on earth once a year was a completely useless activity and a total waste of time.
They were therefore arguing about which committees and sub-committees to set up to find out why the committees and sub-committees already existing under, for example, the auspices of the United Nations, had so far produced a zero return on the investment involved; such investment, said the prime minister, consisting mainly of the obscenely exorbitant salaries and fees paid each year to a few thousand bureaucrats and their assistants, and of the even more obscene sums of money paid to the consultants they hired to mitigate their personal ignorance and lack of competence.
The prime minister, continued Jeremy, nevertheless wanted to meet with him again. The reason for that was transparently obvious, said Jeremy, but for various reasons I told him O.K. Friday of next week would be fine. Please just have your staff communicate the time and place to me.
Jeremy continued. "Among other things, Peter, the Governing Committee will be issuing an edict within the next few hours. I do not intend to keep the edict secret. I shall put it into writing in your language and you will be the first to receive a copy. It should be in your mailbox, security-coded of course, by tomorrow morning, and I will give you a call at some point before midday. And then I intend to send a copy to the prime minister, and a couple of days later to all of the others."
He was risking becoming a laughing stock of unheard of proportions and maybe a lot worse, I thought to myself. And in any case, this had to be the end of his fantasy saga, the final piece which he needed to complete his puzzle, there was nowhere further for him to go. But it wouldn't wash. It would just be another hallucination from a seriously sick and deluded person. And that would not be a bad thing, I thought—for me, for him and for everybody else.
"And by the way, Peter," he added, "thank you for your recent invoices. You will be pleased to hear that I have used my position with the prime minister to obtain his guarantee that, providing you comply fully with legal taxation requirements, he is providing the German and U.K. tax authorities with a certified U.K. government document stating that your services to Obrix Consultancy Partners were in connection with U.K. national security matters whose precise nature cannot, unfortunately, be disclosed. In the unlikely event of any problems, the tax authorities should direct their queries exclusively to the minister responsible for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, as the bureaucracy into which the old U.K. Inland Revenue had merged some years ago was now called. That minister, Peter, will have been briefed."
"Obrix Consultancy Partners," I said. "I've been wanting to ask you about that. Does the name Obrix denote anything in particular? Or is it just a name?"
"Oh," he laughed, "I thought you had worked that out long ago. It's just the name we use for your planet, translated as best I could into the vowels you would use in your language to represent our wave sounds. Talk to you tomorrow," he said. And that was that.
Well, well, it figured. Obrix, what do you know? And equally interesting was what Jeremy was capable of achieving, amazing in fact, right down to safeguarding my personal tax affairs. Insane as he was, I thought to myself, he knew exactly how to make things happen…not including the asteroids of course, he had merely known about them. Merely? Yes, wrong word, but never mind.
And so for me it was off to that hotel with the golf course on the north-western outskirts of Palma, where a weekly backgammon tournament was held on Saturdays. There was prize money, not allowed, illegal as it happens, but that didn't bother anybody. I do not use this as an excuse, but backgammon, while being a game requiring a significant amount of skill—a good player will usually defeat a weak player—also involves an outsized portion of luck, to the extent that this is what usually decides a game between two experts. That is my story anyway, and I was knocked out before reaching the final round. Which was totally unimportant and which also allowed me to enjoy a couple of glasses of single malt while watching the remaining games. And then I took a taxi back to Illetas.

DAY 45
Saturday had become Sunday again and it was going to be another of those hot ones. It was too hot already at 9 a.m. to comfortably sit on the balcony. But it suited me, I had no intention of doing anything other than swim in the sea, lounge by the pool, have some drinks on the terrace, swim in the pool, and finish reading that book, Platform. A tough life, as we have mentioned before.
But first I checked my mailbox for Jeremy's latest fantasy. And there it was.

Well, nothing new except for the timeframe. And Jeremy had presumably had fun formulating the text. On the one hand, I found it not only unnecessary but also a bit mean of him to include the bacteria. On the other hand, by ensuring that I would die a natural death (hopefully by decay rather than, for example, being murdered, also a natural enough death on this planet) and that, by extrapolation, my offspring—should I choose to join the maniacal and rabbit-like stampede to replicate—would at least get a reasonable term, he had proven to me yet again that he was basically a pleasant and agreeable person, irrespective of his mental illness.
I had just finished a swim in the sea and collected Jeremy's phone from the bar—where I always leave it for safekeeping—and was enjoying my white wine and bacalao tapa, when said phone rang.
"Good day to you, Peter. Working or lounging around today?"
"Hello there, Jeremy. I was lounging around for a while but then my phone rang and I had to stop."
"Ha, then I apologize," he laughed. "And what did you think of the edict?"
The final stretch, I am going to continue this in a civilized manner and not just because of the money I've been paid.
"I thought it was an extremely just and appropriate judgment taking into account the circumstances, Jeremy. And as for the timeframe, which will, using my calendar, take us to the year 2084, well…. I found that to be a remarkably fair one. It gives me the chance of a long life and at least a half-life to any potential offspring, unlikely though their existence may turn out to be. Please accept my heartfelt appreciation."
"Ah well, Peter, you never know. I put it in on the off-chance. Same reason I left you with my visiting card when we first met in London, you know. Off-chance."
"Yes, well, and once again, thank you very much. It was very kind of you." And good to know that I was not to be annihilated this evening. And equally good to know that nor would any attractive and savory females, one of whom I would therefore be able to become involved with before the week had run its course.
"You're more than welcome, Peter," said Jeremy. "And now I have some further information for you. In addition to next Friday's meeting, I intend seeing your prime minister informally either tomorrow or on Tuesday, and I will be making use of his perceived interest in what you and I refer to as my computer-hacking capabilities to obtain his agreement on two points concerning yourself."
"Concerning myself? And what might those two items be?" I asked.
"The first one is a formal government guarantee in writing that you will no longer be of further interest to any national security departments, police departments or defence departments in connection with any matters or occurrences relating to, or arising from, your acquaintance with my good self. You were employed by me as a consultant, additionally utilized by me to engineer an initial contact with U.K. officialdom, and have absolutely nothing to do with anything else whatsoever."
"They seem to have lost interest in me already, Jeremy, but such a confirmation at government level will certainly be good for my peace of mind. Thank you very much again for taking such time and trouble on my behalf."
"I consider it to be my obligation, Peter. You and I had agreements, we both complied with them, and there was nothing in any of them which implied you would be subject to ongoing surveillance or any other form of harassment which might have a continuing negative effect on your private life."
"Nevertheless, thank you again, Jeremy. And what would the second matter be?"
"The second matter would be with regard to my disappearance, to my return home. Poor Jeremy Parker will be left behind and will regrettably be left with his own brain which, as you know, is in very poor repair. In other words, he will have a relapse. Without my presence, he will revert to being the dangerous psychopath he always was. However, my departure will not occur immediately as there are certain things to be settled, tidied up as you say. One of these items is the Obrix group of companies."
So he was staying, was he? Suspicious, indeed. Possibly the proof of the pudding in fact. Fantasy worlds are all fine and dandy and they can function in the mind at an extraordinary level of detail, but when it eventually comes to the point of having to fly off to your own delusion, well now…that is when it becomes a trifle difficult, oh yes. So let me push him on that.
"Why would you want to stay, Jeremy? Why would you want to tidy things up? As I understand it, from your point of view you are basically just leaving an ant colony."
"Your ant colony, Peter, is certainly of no importance to us at all. However, my continued presence for a while might feasibly provide a psychological aura conducive to the success of the deliberations currently occupying the valuable time of your species' leaders. Or it might not. But as members of a benevolent society, my professor and I have decided that the mere possibility of such an effect makes a brief prolongation of my presence a desirable affair. And Peter, to be honest, studying the immediate sequel will add a final and refined touch to my research data and consequently to my thesis. And so, at the same time, I might just as well tidy things up."
Man, oh man, does he have answers for everything. You have to take your hat off to him. He is in possession of a highly creative brain, amazingly impressive neurons beyond any doubt, and to that we have to add the telepathic powers and the astronomy.
"And the Obrix companies Peter," he continued, "They mean nothing to me, as you can imagine. I have decided to sell the group to you. If you want it, of course."
How many times in the past few weeks has this guy been able to knock me off balance? These companies have nothing to do with his fantasy world, they are real, and so is their money, I've received some of it myself. But I can't of course buy anything like this, not at any legal price anyway.
"That is another extremely generous gesture of yours, Jeremy," I said, "but I regrettably cannot accept it. I don't have that kind of money."
"That has been taken into account," he replied. "I have set up a new company whose share capital is the legally required minimum and you, using your own personal means, will purchase those shares. It also so happens that this company has received some extremely high value loans from selected private and institutional investors, these loans being for the purpose of acquiring other companies with a view to improving their performance and subsequently selling them off at a substantial profit, or turning them into public companies via a stock offer, or simply keeping them and benefitting from above-average annual dividends. And the first company to be bought by your new company will be the Obrix Group, as already agreed with the main institutional investor."
Well, not for the first time was he proving his genius for making things happen, our friend Jeremy, and I was absolutely not going to enquire as to whether anything telepathic had been involved in his dealings with the investors. But probably that had been the case, I thought to myself, investors wouldn't normally make loans of any size to a new and under-capitalized company—and rarely to others as well—they would buy shares and acquire part-ownership.
"The funds available are not sufficient to meet the full purchase price which, as you may appreciate Peter, is of an amount sizeable enough not to attract any undue attention. And so the remainder will be on credit, and this can be paid off over time by your new company's share of the profits generated by the newly acquired Obrix companies."
"Interesting, Jeremy. And may I ask what you, as the sole shareholder on the receiving end of all of this money, are going to do with it?"
"Ah hah," said Jeremy. "I wouldn't have expected you to miss out on that, Peter. First of all, and needless to say, I shall be providing for the expert and luxurious care of Jeremy Parker following his coming relapse. And as for the rest, I don't know. Perhaps part of it could go to somebody I know who might want to lend it to his new company to enable it to accelerate its loan repayments?"
Ploutus had done his fair share and, in the absence of a Christian or Islam equivalent, my neurons latched on to Lakmish Devi to thank this time. Lakmish Devi, as you may know, is the Hindu goddess of wealth and consequently and unsurprisingly the household goddess of most Hindu families. A discerning choice in my view and preferable to a goddess of poverty if there is one, which I would doubt, she wouldn't get her fair share of the prayer cake. Lakmish Devi, on the other hand, is worshipped daily and enjoys a huge following, especially among Hindu women, for whom she is a favorite. And yes, we know that Lakmish Devi has 108 names and is responsible for many other things in addition to wealth. She has her hands full even if she works overtime, no doubt about it, but what the names are and what her additional duties are, I couldn't say. My non-Hindu neurons did not consider these nuggets of information to be of sufficient importance to be allowed to find their way into any of their archives.
"Jeremy, please tell me what I have done to deserve all of this."
"No problem, Peter. It's simple. You have proved yourself to be a benevolent and non-violent human. You have also assisted me greatly and in a cooperative and non-belligerent manner. And I find your tendency toward cynicism to be a harmless, natural and defensive reflex which allows you to serenely and inoffensively cope with the ghastly environment in which you happen to find yourself, and of which you are forcibly a part. Your ant colony," he laughed.
"My ant colony."
Funny thing, but these occasional references to ants have finally jogged my neurons into recalling the second poem I had published all those years ago. That poem was about ants. Another weird poem; Céline's class would have enjoyed supplying interpretations for that one as well.
"Exactly, Peter. And now we have to agree on a day and a time at the end of next week for you to fly over and meet with the small army of lawyers and accountants and advisory bankers who will have a number of documents for you to sign in connection with your purchase of the Obrix companies. The prime minister is sending a legal representative to ensure there are no problems or, if there are, to ensure that they are resolved."
And so we agreed on a time and a date and I couldn't do more than say goodbye, my cerebral functions had fallen into disrepair. Their training had left them unprepared for the Jeremy Parkers of this world. Sensory overload is the medical term, I believe.
I spent the afternoon at the side of the pool pondering my unfamiliar financial situation in between occasional spells in the water. I had a contract with United Fasteners allowing me to earn as much or as little as I wanted over the next year or two. I was CEO and ship owners' representative of Naviera Pujol and its consultant to boot and I was earning a very fat sum and a very fat bonus, fat being an apt enough term for anyone such as myself who was not a billionaire. I had way over one million Euros in the bank from my previous consultancy and stock market activities, plus another million from Jeremy, less whatever tax the birdbrains needed to spend on themselves or give to Greece or waste on something else.
And I was about to own a company which would propel me into the multimillionaire bracket as soon as my pen touched paper, at which moment in time I would cease describing the fat sums from Industria y Transportes Pujol S.A. as fat. And I would put myself on the board of my new company for a decent fee, and I would appoint myself Chairman and CEO of it as soon as I was finished with the Naviera, with a salary to fit and a contract which would provide me with bonuses, or boni if you prefer, and plenty of stock options. And—nearly forgot—I also would be receiving some succulent dividends each year on my shareholdings. And—almost forgot again—my dividends and the value of my companies would be increasing year on year at a hefty pace as soon as I began to occupy myself as my own internal consultant.
Had I forgotten anything? I didn't think so, but in any event I was not going to spend more of my sunny Sunday thinking about it or excavating the mine of providential incidents to try to rationalize how it had all happened. It had just come about, that's all. Full stop. Or period, if you are American and have the need to utilize a word already gainfully employed for several other unconnected purposes, the details of which it would serve no purpose to enter into here.
The only problem I might have is if the Christian god is the real one. His son is quoted in the Christian Bible as saying "it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God." He is quoted on this three times in fact, twice in Mark and once in Luke, just to make sure we don't misinterpret anything.
Well…bloody hell. Very nice. Perhaps I should develop a strategy for dealing with that as soon as I can find the time. Or maybe I can make use of the loophole that statement leaves open, buy a camel and manufacture a giant-sized needle for it.
The book I was reading, Platform, took my mind away from it all. It is one of those books which makes you think, and it requires your involvement to the exclusion of most everything else. I was approaching the end, which was unfortunate. It was one of those books you prefer to continue for a few more weeks. The main character was holed up somewhere and appeared to be waiting to die. In fact he not only appeared to be waiting to die, he appeared to be wanting to die—because of a woman problem. Fair enough, I thought. His decision, no-one else's, and judging by his exotic and minutely described sexual experiences, he would at least have the consolation of being able to say 'I lived'. A consolation not available to all and sundry on this planet, but there you go, what else is television for?
I will be interested to see how everything turns out for this character in the end.
I think I will buy another of this author's books. There's one called Atomized. The author is an interesting and intelligent guy, clearly one of the top intelligent 10% of the species. Actually, come to think of it, 10% is grossly exaggerated. I am going to chuck that quota, same as I chucked the croissants. 1% would be more like it. Actually, no, that would also be an exaggeration. I'll make the ratio 0.1%. That still gives us over 7 million people on the planet and it has a reasonable kind of ring to it.
I was lying on my stomach and had to turn my head in order to identify to whom the hand lightly scratching my shoulder was attached.
It was Céline. My body reacted by rolling over onto its back. It then just lay there staring at her while my panic-stricken neurons desperately searched for information as to the correct way in which to greet another guy's fiancée. The pathetic result was some sort of a gurgle, a weird gurgle at that.
"Shhh…Peter," she said. "He was a good man…is a good man…but I don't love him. I thought I did and I tried, I tried very hard, but it didn't work anymore. It wasn't possible. It's because of you. I am…I think I am in love with you, Peter. Probably. Even though we don't know each other. Do you think that's stupid?" she finished.
And she stood there, not smiling, her eyes full of query and doubt about what I might have to say. And she pushed her glasses up higher on her nose, and that made me smile, and that made her lean over me and kiss me gently and tenderly and softly and it was as if we had never been apart and it was as if we might never be apart again.

DAY 46
If incredible sex is one of the ingredients required to justify the use of that nebulous and frequently misapplied word love, then I was in love—maybe. And whether that nebulous and oft misapplied word exists as a long-term concept, or whether it must be restricted to characterizing a short-term emotional state whose duration is limited to a period of only a few days or a few months or a few years, I don't know. And since I don't know, I reserve my judgment.
But incredible sex can sometimes be the cause of aching bones and also of aching non-bones, and of a pleasurable and languid weariness, and that was the state of me when I woke up. Céline was still fast asleep, she was mightily tired from her extensive travels and from ending her day at 4 a.m. on the morning after.
She had feigned illness to absent herself from school for a few days—only a mammoth emergency would cause her to do something as dishonest as that, she explained—and she had travelled from Rouen to Okriftel to find me. And the kindly, gracious, wonderful Monika, and it may have broken her heart a little to do it, had given her some coffee and some Sahnertorte, and she had also given her my address here in Mallorca. And Mr. Brown had swamped her with his goodbye dog-kisses and she had taken two buses to Frankfurt airport and she had bought herself an inexpensive Air Berlin ticket to Palma and then she had taken a bus to the Palma city center and then another one to get to Illetas and then she had walked down the road to my hotel.
I watched her for a while, her adorable face lying on the pillow, her ponytail flopped out behind her, snoring ever so quietly and with that overpoweringly defenseless look which spectacle-wearers can exhibit when not wearing spectacles. The blinking red lights were gone, there would be no more timely Xmas or birthday cards to keep them blinking for when they break up with their boyfriends, no more trying to add more to the list, just let me be able to keep Céline for as long the ocean waves will allow.
I went into the bathroom and called Pedro in the office, told him I wouldn't be in this morning, I had an important meeting (not a lie). No problem, he said, everything had gone well with the Gerona Sol and it will be departing for Morocco at around midday. The Mahon Star would be leaving for Palma as usual this evening and would be loaded to full capacity or very close to it.
I went down to the terrace to have breakfast. I took my laptop with me and I typed out that poem to give later to Céline. She could also include this one in her class's offbeat poetry critique program. It was entitled 'Faith' and it went like this:
I trod on an anthill yesterday,
Down in the field by the lake,
And hundreds of innocent creatures died
Because of my dumb mistake.
I expected to hear the survivors
Cursing their stars and their fate,
And wondering why their deities
Were always too lazy or late.
But no, not at all, they had gathered around
And were debating in moderation
What intentions their god might possibly have
Towards their civilization.
And I heard them discussing the meanings of life,
And how faith was belief without proof,
And the next thing I knew, along came a cow
And flattened them all with her hoof.
And then I ruminated a little about my life. First of all, I would not be mentioning a single word about Jeremy Parker to Céline, who would think I was nuts and take the next plane back to Paris and Rouen and maybe her fiancé. Or ex- cum future fiancé I should say. I would carry on here as boss of the Naviera, I would quit Germany and its ghastly climate, central heating for eight months of the year, and buy a house with a pool in Mallorca, on the cliffs somewhere, see how Mr. Brown likes it here.
And there is a two-week chess tournament in Mallorca in October, it starts the same day as the annual TUI Palma marathon, and I'll take vacation for that. And my friend Steve will have finished his project in China and be back in Europe in a couple of weeks' time and he can visit. And Monika can visit, she'll be sad and happy at the same time about Céline and me; oh, and that reminds me, I have to drive her car back and return with my Audi. Céline can use the Audi, I'll use my company car. And I can enjoy playing some slightly risky games on the stock market with part of that money I've got, and…
Some hands were lightly massaging my shoulders and even without those beautiful soft breasts pressing into my back, I didn't need to be told whose hands they were. And if she didn't stop quickly, she would have to wait a bit longer for her breakfast, there were certain parts of me, aching or not, which would not survive more than a couple more minutes of this and I knew she knew it, the craven little torturer.
And yes, I am going to put the events of the past few weeks into writing, every single day of them. Sitting by the pool, knowing full well that a lot of you are not going to believe a single word. Which would make you a cynic, at least in this regard, as you would be classifying me as a liar. But there is nothing wrong with that, I am not offended. There is nothing wrong at all, as I have already made clear, in being a cynic. Quite the contrary.
But there are some things you are not allowed to be cynical about. And one of them is your planet and the species to which you belong.
While you have been reading this today, another 1,300 humans were individually murdered by other humans, 360 humans were slaughtered in conflicts (a slack period for conflicts at the moment, way down on the 40,000 per day in World War II), and 1,000 humans were killed just travelling around their planet. There have been 123,000 abortions, there have been 27,000 divorces, 22,000 women have been raped, we have killed 160 million land animals (plus 270 million marine animals) and 2,700 of us have gone the suicide route and killed ourselves. Helping to make up today's total of 150,000 deaths. Among other things of course. And including items of minor import such as 4,500 human females had their breasts enlarged today and another 1,500 had theirs diminished. Go figure.
And assuming it was an average day, that is.
And now you will have to excuse me, I am going to have to forcibly take Céline back up to our room, she will be required to pay the penalty for her nefarious deeds. Except that she won't see it that way. She has hungry eyes.
And I would like to leave you with a couple of thoughts.
A Frenchman once said, or maybe he wrote it, 'Never take life too seriously – in any case you will never get out of it alive'.
So don't worry, I tell you. Keep on voting if that's what you like. And why not try out Mallorca as a place to live? It is a nice place, a very nice place indeed, and still not completely smothered in concrete, despite their birdbrains' best efforts to achieve it. Which one day they will of course, because, as we know, 'more is better' and they are never going to stop. But they probably won't achieve it before you finish your voyage to death and to all points onward.
So don't be sad about it. There is absolutely no point.
Do what I am doing.
Enjoy your time.
Time, after all, is all you've got.

EPILOGUE
It was in the International Herald Tribune a few days after I returned from London.
A minor article of minor interest:
London Businessman Killed
Mr. Jeremy Parker, well-known Chairman and CEO of the internationally renowned Obrix group of companies, was shot and killed yesterday morning outside of his company's Strand headquarters in central London. Witnesses state there were two killers who fled together on a motorcycle which was subsequently found abandoned close to the Charing Cross underground station and later identified as stolen. Mr. Parker was famous for the rapidity with which he created a thriving global financial and investment empire which has become a powerful and eminent force within its field. Motives for this cold-blooded killing remain a mystery at this stage.
That's all there was. I suppose there was nothing else to report. And considering the nature of the organization which must have done it, and irrespective of the country to which it belonged, there would probably never be anything else to report.
I suppose that Jeremy could have prevented it, but he would have needed to recognize the danger in the first place and maybe he hadn't. Or maybe he had, but he just didn't care.
Whatever the case, Jeremy Parker had achieved what no man before him had ever achieved. He had engineered a meeting of the leaders of our species to discuss whether it was at all possible for us to stop killing ourselves. And whether there was a way to eradicate our genetic antagonism and belligerence for the long-term. And that, in my book, deserves a gigantic monument. A metaphorical one of course, we cynics regard physical monuments with considerable disdain.
So I had known poor Jeremy for less than two months and now he was gone.
A consequence of suspicion and fear.
And whether you are a Christian, a Muslim, a Hindu, an agnostic, an atheist, or something else, it is a proven fact that Jesus Christ existed and that he, like Jeremy, was doing his best to help us. And it is a proven fact that we killed them both for the very same reasons. And, as we know, Jesus is then supposed to have hopped off back home and—if you choose to believe Jeremy Parker—then that is precisely what he has gone and done as well.
Except of course that my neurons refuse to contemplate such a thing.
Jeremy Parker's extraordinary fantasy world had perished at the very same moment he himself did.
That is what my neurons tell me.
But your neurons…well…your neurons can make their own choice.
END

