THE VIOLENT AWAKENING
(Infinity Point Book 47)

By
Elijah Stephens


SMASHWORDS EDITION


* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY:
Liquid Heaven Productions

The Violent Awakening
Copyright © 2013 by Elijah Stephens

Futuristic Science Fiction
Infinity Point Anthology Volume 1
Dynasty Zero (Book 13)
God of the Machine (Book 28)
Death of Angels (Book 29)
The Lotus Eaters (Book 46)
The Moonlight Child (Book 0)
The Grasshopper Revolution (Books 28, 13, 0)
Empire of Blood (Books 47, 29, 46)

Paranormal Science Fiction
The Pattern Volume 1
The Overlap (Volume 1 Book 1)
The Harvest of Area 51 (Volume 1 Book 2)
The Apocalypse Internal (Volume 1 Book 3)
The Pattern Volume 2
Frankenstein’s Shadow (Volume 2 Serialization Part 1)
The Shepherds of Arcadia (Volume 2 Serialization Part 2)
The Dark Crown Goddess (Volume 2 Serialization Part 3)
The Golden Door (Volume 2 Serialization Part 4)
The World Within (Volume 2 Serialization Part 5)
Asylum (Volume 2 Serialization Part 6)

Historical Epics
Otherworld
Prophets of the Wasteland (Book 1)
Hellrunner (Book 2)
Pride of the Britons (Book 3)

Ancient Japan
The Floating World
The Lotus and the Sword (Book 1)
The Rise of the Last Rebellion (Book 2)
The Poison Lotus (Book 3)
The White Rider (Book 4)

Reviews are greatly appreciated and there are plenty of freebies available at my website: www.liquidheavenlive.com


*****


THE VIOLENT AWAKENING


*****


Though it was still mid-day the sky was draped in dark purple, and while dense clouds locked away the rising sun, a lone vehicle traveled along a fragmented interstate through the Sonoran wasteland.  A modified racer with radar blinding technology breaking up its silhouette sped across the discarded two-lane road, a decrepit stretch of durable pavement only used by rail-runners and the IHP.  Far into the unnatural green and blooming wildflowers beyond, plant life shrouded the turnoff and made the meeting sight almost impossible to find.  
Inside the Hellcat, Kyle Arkane rubbed his eyes on a seat facing the opposite direction as the driver, staring at a wide panel that displayed hazard countermeasures with several viewscreens situated around an eye-slot for target location.  As exhausted as he was, a youthful energy showed in his face even among the scars of his vocation and his bright eyes were glowing in the reflection of the pixilated light.  
The driver of the modified racer, Wallace Hendricks, fixed his smooth hair and looked to his friend, who was a couple of decades younger than the middle-aged Black Market rail-gun dealer.  The engine propelled them at high speed until they traveled off-road upon synthetic rubber tires only used in areas without magnetic-levitation tracks.  A distant group of wastelanders flashed their lights to alert the Hellcat where they waited and on a small mountain overlooking the valley, a light mist was haunting the grasslands.  
The racer pulled up to the filthy men who appeared to be grateful for their arrival.  “You ready?” Hendricks asked and Arkane fixed his glasses, a form of mock-technology that allowed him to read the reactions of the wastelanders to denote honesty.  He tweaked the settings and stepped into the open air where the electric-charge was visceral, then he went to the rear of the car and opened the storage compartment.  The customers left the safety of their truck, a construct of random pieces hastily re-engineered into viable transportation.  
In crude leather and tattered clothes, they looked entirely untouched by the rain that regularly cleansed their territory in the southwest, a garden formerly known as Death Valley.  The arid temperatures were replaced by the artificial weather systems manufactured by environmental scientists and tropical moisture rejuvenated an area that was a forest at the end of the previous ice age.  Wallace Hendricks left his car and greeted his customers as he primped the collar of his jacket, a leather equivalent developed into body armor for the Burn Leagues of stock car racing.  
“These are the highest quality rail-guns the Special Police Force has to offer.  Copper internal railing, synthetic aluminum ammo, extra capacitor storage clips and a Garolite G‑10 composite design.  So how are your families?” he asked, and the leader of the wastelanders looked disheartened.
“We are at war,” replied the man with a wide brim hat.  His skin had creases from a lifetime of parched weather, an exterior worn by the harsh conditions of nomadic life.
“I assumed you were always at war by the volume of what you buy from us,” said Wallace, trying his best to sound civil with the ill-tempered men who lived in hostile clans in the midlands of America.  
The man looked to the weapons like a water source mirage in the desert and said, “This threat is different than the animal tribes.  We will need more as soon as possible.”  
At the rear of the Hellcat, Kyle Arkane checked the shipment of rail-tech before bringing the cargo out on a rolling platform for the others to inspect it.  
“What’s wrong, trouble from other clans?” Hendricks asked the wastelanders.  “The IHP declares war on anyone pushing city boundaries.”
“We’re always in danger from other clans, but there’s a plague spreading among us that doesn’t affect people with genetic modification.”
Kyle tried to sound sympathetic.  “What will you do?”
They displayed a suitcase with payment for the arsenal.  “The same as always, keep moving and keep fighting.” 
Wallace checked the money.  “If you need more you can reach us through the usual channels.”
“Can you bring bigger shipments?” their tired leader asked as if facing extinction.
“The Interstate Highway Patrol is always a step away from catching us and we’d prefer not to see the new prison colony in the Marianas Trench.”
After they exchanged cordial goodbyes, the wastelanders climbed into their transport with the shipment of rail-guns and left.  When they were alone, Hendricks turned to Arkane in the silence of overcast daylight and said, “They usually enjoy going into battle, the virus he mentioned must be terrifying.  As long as it doesn’t reach the rest of us, if it’s a disease that only kills nomads maybe it will purify the wasteland.”
With the racer’s engine revving, Kyle put their payment in the Hellcat and started their secondary systems for a defensive ride back to Los Angeles.

* * * * *

The sun was dropping through the dusty sky as their car burned tire marks on the rotting interstate heading west towards the Pacific Ocean and the sanctuary of the city.  With the highway breaking in sections as the land shifted over time, Wallace used the MagLev capacity on the Hellcat before they reached the freeway.  After they broke from the columns of plant life crowding the road, Arkane ran his fingers through his dark hair and yawned in the humming monotony.  
“I guess we’ll be here again in a few months,” he said.  “After you dump your share into upgrades for the Hellcat, like always.”
Hendricks monitored the conditions as they sped along, tearing up the already crumbling road.  “Unless you want a real job you better keep your eye out for Titan-mechs.  This is where the IHP starts putting up their sensors.”  
During their excursions into the wasteland they tried to alter the locations of their meetings, but there were only a few paths into the wilderness beyond visual confirmation from satellites.  The Interstate Highway Patrol not only avoided maintenance on roads that far east, but they used the terrain against lawbreakers to push them into corners and lure them into traps.  
Kyle sat in the gunner-seat of the modified racer with his face at the viewscreen goggles, monitoring the car’s Forward Looking Infra Red.  “We tripped something.”  
Wallace tightened his gloved grip upon the steering wheel.  “What was it?”
“I’ll scan the FLIR recording.”  Arkane hurriedly checked the hood-mounted camera, and in the vivid green photonic amplification he saw a device mounted on the side of the road projecting a ten-foot laser net that was invisible to most deflection technology.  “I think it was a net-sensor.  According to the log we drove through it a couple of minutes ago.”
“Then check the sky,” said Wallace.  “I don’t see any signs of an IHP ambush, so let’s hope they haven’t declared open war.”
Kyle checked the pan-screen, which worked like a periscope but gave a wide angle view of the entire sky.  From within the errant clouds overhead came a floating Autonomous Attack Drone.  “We’ve got an AAD!”
“And that means we’re about to meet some Titans.  Get the countermeasures ready.”
Arkane powered up the emergency system for volatile confrontations.  The newest Titan-mechs were a Black Market invention using advanced mechanics with very little organic humanity to create what was essentially a tool for mercenaries.  All governments had strict regulations on biomech manipulation, but the discarded athletes of hyper-violent sports such as Ultra League Football were often used as genetic templates, building upon giant men who were taken apart and replaced piece by piece with enhancements that made them the greatest terror in unregulated small scale warfare.  As their minds were once controlled on the field in sports, they became machines for warlords of all kinds and even civilized officials began using them in quick deploy missions to protect political boundaries.  
Kyle watched the streamlined aircraft hover towards them as it fell from the sky, boosted by high voltage ion-field engines housed in circular exhausts on both sides.  “The drone just sent us a warning to stop for a cursory examination of our cargo.”
Hendricks checked the map on a small reflector in the lens of his windshield, letting him keep an eye on the pavement rushing by.  “We’re not far from the 60 interchange, maybe we can lose the Titan-mechs in the Montebello slums.  How many are there?”
“Two,” said Arkane.  “They underestimate us.”
“The Hellcat does most of my work.  Not all of us can be MetaHuman, kid.”
“They’re coming up fast, these must be new models,” said Kyle.  “It might be breakthrough tech like the frequency emissions of that net-sensor.  They’re always a step ahead but we’re quick to catch up.”
Arkane saw the Titans, who were upwards of twelve-feet tall with firepower stacked in their oversized forearms as they traveled on legs replaced by hydraulic joints and foot wheels.  With heels modified to house electro-spark pistons connected to small inlaid tires, the Titan-mechs sped closer to the Hellcat as if skating on a frozen lake.  One had blue armor, the other white and red, and encased in helmets with dense black visors they didn’t appear to be anything but assault robots scaled down for individual battle.  
“If they were considered to be human they might be programmed to retreat,” Kyle noted. 
Wallace forced a laugh.  “Try rail-running in China, they splice their athletes with tech engineered for the mech war.”
“Another reason not to retire,” Arkane replied, loading the anti-aircraft artillery shells through the internal system, using defensive protocols by command and control from his viewscreen panel.  “This is going to hurt...”
“Tell me when,” said Hendricks, gearing up.
“The Titans are closing.  Minimum range for a Stinger missile is approximate but they’ll have a lock for whatever else they’re packing within a few seconds.  They’re moving really fast!”
“So am I, but if I hit the Burn on a road like this we might catch a bump and become airborne.  We’re close to Montebello, after these hills we can lose them in the abandoned suburbs.”
“We’re not going to make it, they’re targeting us!”
“Give me a visual,” said Wallace, beginning an evasive driving technique that broke up their radar signal for ambient heat-signature weapons.  The lock-on launch patterns were scrambled in the Titan-mechs’ visuals, forcing them to get closer for an accurate shot.
Kyle transferred the infrared scans to the reflector lens in front of the driver.  “The AAD has already returned to its position and it doesn’t appear to be pursuing us after the Titans deployed.  Switching to ion-resolution, watch for Stinger smoke trails if the Hellcat’s radar doesn’t catch their launch sequence.”  Arkane was referring to the artificial intelligence upgrades in the racer, which had a countermeasure capacity to read certain transmission signals within a Titan-mech’s cyberbrain functions, allowing them a brief warning before an attack since offensive capabilities required clearance from public safety performance monitors stationed in distant skyscrapers.  A default override with brain actuated control was used occasionally, but solely in biomech models that were vaguely organic.  
At the furthest distance possible for a lethal strike, the first Titan-mech opened up with automatic fire blazing from the Gatling action .50 caliber guns installed in its forearm.  The rapid blanket of bullets spit out in sequence as the blue armored Titan kept the stream of ammo constant, carving up the pavement with its barrage.  Hendricks turned the Hellcat when the road was torn in holes in front of him, and after Kyle triggered the racer’s countermeasures, a plume of chaff made of metal fragments blew out and deflected the onslaught.  
The blue Titan raised its arms when it sped through the shards, but its armor was ripped open and it slowed drastically to compensate for disorientation.  The other mech in red and white took the lead position, maintaining its speed before Wallace turned the wheel and took them through a break in the barrier wall.  Following the racer on the opposite side of the road, the Titan aimed carefully and a Maverick missile launched from its arm.  With smoke trailing the slender explosive it missed the racer and hit the side of the freeway, and though it failed to rupture the Hellcat, the blast-wave sent them spinning on their MagLev tracks. 
They were turning at high speed through the dust and fire of the detonation when the mech barreling towards them lined up a second missile.  After Hendricks corrected their tailspin and Arkane triggered the Scattershot mechanism, rail-guns across the racer’s rear bumper fired in unison.  Silver spikes ejected at knee-level with specialized ammo that punctured the Titan’s leg, causing it to trip and crash violently as the Hellcat’s jets ignited and Wallace took them in a clean burn through another gap in the center wall.
Kyle checked their six-position and saw the blue armored Titan coming for them despite its wrecked right arm.  The faceplate was damaged, revealing the scarred flesh of a partially human machine with implants infringing upon its features with a bizarre appearance.  On its remaining arm a square lid opened to reveal a honeycomb box of projectiles, a cluster bomb unit.  
“We’ve got a CBU, hold on!” Arkane yelled before he queued the panel to unleash a cloud of napalm adapted to aerosol delivery.  
The viscous flammable gas dispersed behind the Hellcat, and when the mech’s cluster bomb activated the cloud flashed with its chemical reaction of glycerin and potassium permanganate.  The multiple projection explosives passed through the fireball but the Titan was covered in the sticky spray, and while it continued forward enveloped by fire the CBU split into separate rockets in mid-air and exploded near the racer several times.  
“He’s still coming and most of our countermeasures aren’t responding!” said Kyle.  “We’ve got critical defensive systems offline!” 
“Take the wheel,” said Hendricks, who began digging into the box under his seat.  Arkane put his eyes to the viewscreen goggles and saw the projection of the road ahead of them.  Despite facing the opposite direction, he used the commands on the touch-pad to guide them safely while the internal AI corrected the directional disparity.  Wallace retrieved an old flare-gun and rolled down his window, and as they hovered through the forceful wind he leaned out and aimed the wide barrel pistol.  
Behind them, the Titan was still on fire when Hendricks shot a flaming orb that caught the machine through its cracked visor and burned its optical sensors, igniting the phosphorous and discharging a surge of energy that caused the biomech’s skull to explode.  After the headless robot lost its footing and rolled across the freeway with pieces breaking loose, Wallace took the wheel again.  Kyle checked the rear view and saw the white and red Titan recover from the rail-spikes in its leg, though it was too far away to stop them from reaching the 60 interchange.
“We’re in the suburbs, kid,” said Hendricks.  “You know what’s about to happen, right?”
Arkane nodded.  “Maybe you can say it without that grin on your face.” 
When the Titan-mech caught up and began laying down Triple A gunfire from the cannons mounted on its arm, Wallace turned the Hellcat towards the concrete wall beside the curved ramp.  To avoid being hit by the high impact incendiary rounds, he used the racer’s nitrous burn to launch them at the boundary, tearing through the crumbling bricks and dropping them onto the roadway below.  With tracers flashing by, they continued south to disorient the Titan in the abandoned Montebello district.  Hendricks took them down a winding street and through neighborhoods left in ruins after the residents moved to the MegaApartment buildings downtown.  
The area was a place for vagrants and criminals, but as a sanctuary it also attracted the attention of the brutal TraffiCops who patrolled the area, the city’s last line of defense between the animal tribes and wastelanders in the east.  When the biomech aimed its remaining missile and launched a Stinger, an automatic countermeasure in the Hellcat sent up a series of flares that led the heat-seeking rocket into a single story house where it blew the foundation to pieces.  
On the grid-pattern streets with the Titan close behind, Wallace drove them around random corners before he pulled to a stop and let Kyle out.  After he revved his engine and sped away leaving Arkane standing alone among the crumbling houses, in the middle of the cracked pavement with blades of grass growing through, he waited for the mech to find him.
As the red and white Titan appeared at the corner, Kyle closed his eyes and drowned out the noise of the guns pumping .90 caliber bullets at him.  In a wide radius the concrete began to crack and the debris lifted on currents of air being pushed by the kinetic force in his hands.  When the automatic gunfire of the approaching Titan-mech strafed his position, bullets ricocheted off an invisible barrier and the road broke into pieces that shifted with the ground.  While crags and jagged chunks were pushed upward in uneven mounds, the biomech couldn’t register why its weapon failed to work and the systems operator implanted in its AI core alerted it to the unusual readings of its scans.  With its armament useless, the Titan gained speed, switching its attack mode to direct confrontation.
When Arkane felt his energy in the center of his body collect in his palms, the overflow broke from his ability to control it and he threw his fists forward, creating a wide trench that split the earth with a wave of dirt that hit the Titan like a fast-moving train, pounding it so hard that the tattered mech was kicked backwards through pieces of itself.  
Kyle fell to his knees in the exposed soil with the aftershock draining him of vitality.  His senses were dull and the pain would last for weeks, but at least it had saved his life.  He saw the world in gray and black as the humming of the Hellcat’s engine grew closer and he heard Hendricks celebrating inside. 

* * * * *

Near the Downtown District on the outskirts of the sparkling spires of metal and glass, the Hellcat entered a warehouse through the loading dock.  Arkane and Wallace thought that it would be wise to spread their Black Market operation among several headquarters and the facility served as one of their many hideouts.  After another successful shipment of rail-gun technology into the wasteland, they were ready to split the payment and rest for the night.  
The automatic door closed and Kyle stepped from the racer, and with the overload to his body he felt as if he’d just run a marathon.  As the motion sensors triggered the lights in the rest of the warehouse, Hendricks walked through the undivided sections of the long room and turned on the Perpetual News Network.  In the sudden light, a hooded stranger was standing in the corner and a second man waited calmly in the loft.  
“Nobody’s going to get hurt,” said the man upstairs.  He was a generation older than the middle-aged Wallace, clearly a military type or government worker, and his white hair framed an eye-patch as he descended to ground level and got a look at Arkane.  
When the old man was close, the intimidated Hendricks made a move for his guns on the counter until the hooded warrior in the corner pulled a shock-knife, a training tool made from plastic that while charged at seventy-five hundred volts could burn the skin of any sparring trainee in the Special Police.  Generally reserved for law enforcement, the bluish current of electricity running along the blade was raised to thirty-thousand volts for temporary incapacitation as non-lethal weaponry.  
Wallace listened to the crackle of the electric charge emanating from the plastic knife and said, “Believe me, sweetheart, someone’s going to get hurt.” 
“My name is Odin,” said the man with the eye-patch, who with life-extension had probably left his youthful appearance in the previous century.  He was looking at Kyle Arkane junior with deep nostalgia.  “When I was the Director of the Office of International Security, I worked with your father.  I can explain what happened beyond the official record, I don’t answer to the government anymore.”
“My father died before I was a year old and my mother never spoke about him or his work.  You can tell me the story before you leave.”  
“You two are rail-runners in the Sonoran wasteland and both of you have extensive records with the ISC,” said the ex-Director.  “And you clearly have no idea how closely you’ve been monitored.”  
“Who’s your friend?” Arkane asked, referring to the hooded man in the shadows.  
“His name is Solas.  He’s from a tribe that lives in the forests beyond the city.  We have recruits from many types of human but so far there are none like you.”  Odin was respectful of him in an almost paternal way, but the admiration must have been transferred from his father.
“Recruits for what?” Kyle wondered.
“A war tomorrow that will decide the fate of human government.”
“Really, does the OIS need a driver?” Hendricks said sarcastically.
“I told you, I’m no longer with the OIS.  You’re going to help me because everything changes with the domination of our rulers.”  The ex-Director paused, collecting his anger.  “After you were arrested for rail-running in the Gobi desert, the International Maritime Intelligence Center gathered proof that you helped to smuggle a secret prototype android into our country from China.”
“That was a very long time ago,” Wallace interrupted.  “Maybe you and your friend should -” 
Odin grabbed him by his Burn League jacket and threw him against the wall.  “Don’t think for one second that I lack authority just because I’m unofficial.  You might be a generation older than Kyle but I’m a generation older than you and that makes me your elder.  I got your location by diverting satellite positions by hacker intrusion, and when I did the OIS sentries traced the location-scans.  This is the one place I’m sure they don’t know about, so if I wanted you dead all I would have to do is leave you here.  The IMIC has information on you that could get you extradited to China on murder charges for Gaiseric Vandalia and his crew.”
Hendricks scoffed.  “But they were pirates...”
“And you were working for a corrupt Chinese official in league with corporate mercenaries called the Africa Corps to smuggle in a prototype android intended for use in a hostile takeover of the First World Government.  My unit and I did the best we could, and thanks to Kyle’s father we ended the threat.  To stop the prototype, however, we lost several men who were friends of mine.”  
Wallace froze in his submissive stance and Odin backed away before continuing.  “You’re going to help me, and if you don’t I will inform the IMIC of your location and they’ll bring enough bounty hunters upon you to satisfy the vengeance of the Minister.”  The ex-Director then pointed to Arkane, who stood wearily a few steps from the back door.  “You’re going to help me because I’m offering you the opportunity to fall like a ton of bricks upon the monsters who killed your father.  Or perhaps I should leave you here, if the OIS thinks you’re important to me they will kill you both on sight.”
“What the hell is this about?” said Hendricks.
“I’m running a revolution against the Office of International Security in Los Angeles with plans to bring down a Senator in San Diego.  The two of you are about to join my war.”
“There’s a lot I need to know,” said Kyle.  “So I’m in.”
Odin nodded.  “I can debrief you at our temporary headquarters.”
“I need to stop somewhere first,” said Wallace.  “Where should we meet?”
The ex-Director handed him a business card with the name of a first class hotel and Hendricks put it in his jacket.  “Don’t go to any of your hideouts,” he warned.  “There will be strike teams waiting.  And if you’re going to run, remember that robot bounty hunters won’t sleep until they find you.”
“Yeah, I get it,” said the short-tempered Wallace as he climbed into his racer and gunned the Hellcat’s engine.  After the garage door opened, he gave the others a final glance before driving away. 
“We’re parked around the corner,” Odin told Arkane.
“He’ll likely head to the underground sanctuaries of the NorCal wasteland,” Kyle replied honestly.
“You’re probably right, but I don’t need him.  For his sake you’d better hope he doesn’t do anything stupid.”

* * * * *

The Hellcat growled like a territorial lion as Hendricks pulled onto a street near his primary safehouse, intending to grab a few possessions before tearing up the I-5 to NorCal.  Another war was coming and another defunct government official was turning him into a dancing puppet to steal his life for someone else’s politics.  If every warehouse and apartment he owned was being watched, the OIS would have to thin their numbers, so he figured he could handle whoever they sent to ambush him.
He hurried through an alley and waited before crossing the street, then he entered the back door of a long building a few blocks from the Marina Harbor.  He tried the lights through voice recognition software, but when that failed he stammered through the darkness of his headquarters to find a touch-switch.  As soon as the room lit up, ignited by lamps hanging from the ceiling, Wallace was clubbed over the head and went tumbling through the workshop with blood dripping down his cheek.  
In a black composite shell and a helmet form-fitted to his skull with a thin visor, the armored soldier blocked his exit.  “Where’s Odin?  I know that you’ve seen him recently.”
When his attacker threw him backwards Hendricks bounced off the warehouse wall and cracked the windows, and as a razor shower fell he tried to regain his bearings with blurred vision.  “You’re not going to arrest me again -”   
“You’re right,” said the ghost warrior called BlackJack.  “I’m under orders to drain whatever information you have before I kill you.”  His faceplate hung slightly below his chin, designed to block the weak spot of his throat, and the joints of polished plates were constructed to bend with his form.  “Where’s Odin?” he asked quietly.
Wallace pushed a smile.  “You’re threatening me with a fistfight?”
“A sniper could hit you from a mile away with a quiet bullet, or a spy from the FWG could poison your next meal.  It would also be easier to bring interrogator-droids with their liquid fire, but no,” said BlackJack.  “The Director does his business through me and I’m looking to get my hands dirty.  I’m going to ask you again about the location of these revolutionaries and if you fail to respond I’m going to beat you to death.”
Hendricks held his head as if injured, but when he shot forward and landed a kick to the center of his opponent’s chest, the intruder was knocked off his feet with damage to the reinforced hinges of his modified havoc-suit.  “What I can’t figure out is why they would only send one of you against me.  Did you think I was too old to resist?”
 “It’s a rare challenge to bleed the truth out of someone, but Odin and I have this cat and mouse game going.  He’s always a step ahead of the OIS and I can only do so much.”  BlackJack looked through the warehouse at the stolen vehicles in the process of being dismantled.  Other drivers favored MagLev systems and android workers, but Wallace preferred the old way of the grease monkey.  The assassin touched a car in the collection and scratched the frame as a deliberate insult.  “I guess I just defiled one of your women.”
Hendricks nodded to the paint as embedded nano-machines repaired it.  “Actually they like to play rough.  A little trick I learned in the Burn Leagues, though it isn’t very cheap.”
“And it can’t withstand fire, I assume.”
“Now you’re just being hurtful,” Wallace said as he grabbed a tire iron from his workbench.   
When BlackJack raised his forearm to block the metal bar, Hendricks hammered him in the chest-plate and dented his armor.  After the intruder bounced off the skeleton of one of the racers, Wallace connected with an elbow that fractured the side of his helmet and revealed his human face beneath.  
Near tables covered in automotive tools, as Hendricks grabbed a heavy duty wrench, BlackJack held out his fist and a bio-electric spark ran down his gauntlet, glowing with the shape of a short neon-blue stick.  With a strip of orange light curving around the energy rod, he nailed Wallace across the temple and sent him tripping against the synthetic plastic of one of his cars.  He tried to parry the next attack, but his iron wrench broke with the impact.
As he went for the gun stashed under his desk, BlackJack held his empty fist against Hendricks until an electro-static rod materialized, breaking his sternum and poking through his back.  After Wallace dropped to the floor, with his quarry near death, the assassin found the business card in his pocket with the printed address of the Montessori Luxury Hotel. 

* * * * *

Kyle Arkane junior followed Odin and Solas through the rear docking bay of the hotel they were using as a temporary safehouse.  They walked by android workers completing the necessary duties of laundry assortment and the preparation of food in the hotel kitchen, and since it was a place frequented by foreign travelers in town on business, the cultural variance of the cuisine was all-inclusive.  Odin used a scramble code to make the security-droids believe that they had clearance and the robots didn’t react when they ambled through the restricted access section of the building.  Once in the freight elevator, they rode up to the penthouse and stopped in the VIP lobby.  
“Watch out,” Odin pointed to scanners around the entrance.  “We have electro-optical sensors set up with an Intrusion Detection System.  The synthetic aperture radar gives us three-dimensional imaging with biometric scans, and the IDS has a heatwave countermeasure with high-frequency millimeter pulses set at ninety-five gigahertz.  Getting hit with this technology cooks the nerve endings under the surface of your skin and is about a hundred times more painful than the worst sunburn you ever had.”
They entered a lobby with glass windows curving to the top of the dome where moonlight was shining between towers reaching higher into the atmosphere.  Luxury suites lined the opposite end of a balcony that led to the upper floor and bench seating beside the walkway made the wide room appear more like an airport terminal.  After Odin went to a specific door and used a typed password on the key lock, they entered their posh headquarters and Kyle got a look at the impressive layout of widescreen computers at the back.  An Indian man the same age as the ex-Director was working at the console, checking numerous databases through an integrated government network.
“Doc, I’d like you to meet Kyle Arkane junior,” said Odin, who shared a look with the old scientist.
“Just like your father,” said the man with creases in his dark skin framing his inquisitive round eyes.
Arkane nodded.  “And what do I call you, the Doc?”
“Unless you can pronounce his real name, Vijayasarathi.”  Odin asked the Doc, “Will Arcturus and the felines be ready for the assault in time?”
“Yes, but first there’s an information warehouse in west L.A. that we need to infiltrate to acquire the schedule of the international conference.  I traced log-in codes to that location, but we’ll have to penetrate OIS headquarters to find out exactly where the building exists.”
“So this is your entire operation?” Kyle wondered.  “I thought you said I was joining a war.”
“Technically it’s an insurgency against corrupt politicians,” Solas correct him.  
“And who are you again?” Arkane asked the tribesman, who pulled back his hood and let his black hair fall attached to feathers and beads from his tribe.  He was as young as Kyle but his life in the wilderness had instilled a maturity that hardened him into a man who held no fear of any creature.
“His name is Solas Blackmore.  He’s from a tribe who hunts the MetaHybrids in the forests east of Los Angeles, we found him when we started looking for recruits.  He came into the city in search of the same path as his father, a man who ended a violent uprising of the Tribe of Amok.  Back then the war was complicated, too many alliances and moving parts,” Odin lamented with an echo of the past he put behind him, even if the memories would not die easily.  “Now the war is simple, us versus them.”
“Who are they exactly?” asked Arkane.
“Genetic anomalies, to put it bluntly,” said the Doc as he divided his attention to collecting the portable workspace.
“We should be ready to leave soon.”  The ex-Director looked to Solas.  “And you better get suited up.”  
Blackmore went to a closet designed for modest Asian businessmen and an ambiance that didn’t fit the guerrilla operations being launched from it.  
Kyle mused, “He’s from a tribe in the forest and I’m the one who feels out of place.”  
When Solas retrieved a bulky duffel bag, Odin said, “The Doc gave us a new invention, a suit that catches rising heat currents created between skyscrapers.  With a slight deflection of that energy, a person can glide for a considerable distance.”
Blackmore chuckled.  “We’re just having a little trouble with the landing.”  
“As far as your friend Wallace Hendricks,” Odin told Arkane.  “I let him leave knowing that the first thing he would do was exactly what I told him not to.  When he goes to one of his hangouts he will be caught and tortured for my location.  Why do you think I gave him the card to this hotel?”
“You allowed him to walk into a trap?”
“After I told him it was there,” said the ex-Director.  “I might apologize if he wasn’t responsible for the deaths of two of my men.  Is Hendricks a friend of yours or -”
“We became business partners after we met through a man called Cereberus,” Kyle replied.  “You sent Hendricks out as bait to achieve what?”
“To catch a big fish.  The current Director of the OIS has a single assassin, an all-purpose hitman who handles most his business.  They have strike teams of course for the rest of their operations, but the man called BlackJack is one of you, a MetaHuman.”
“Really, what’s his gift?”
“His real name is Samuel Azmodeus and he uses mech upgrades in his forearms to amplify his ability to channel static electricity into rods about two feet long.  He can materialize dense sticks of energy that he uses as blunt weapons, which for all intents and purposes are indestructible.”  
“You’re kidding,” said Arkane.
“They can’t break because they’re technically not material objects,” Odin replied.  “Just emanations of intense electron-bonding.”
“If he uses upgrades to create them, why not just chop off his arms?” 
“That’s what I’m planning to do,” Solas interrupted.  
“If Hendricks lures BlackJack here, they’ll lock the place down,” said Kyle.  “The OIS has enough power -” 
“We’re here to bring down a few corrupt politicians, not the entire government,” Odin revealed.  “Most elected and appointed officials are still human, so the Director of the OIS has to perform his missions in secret, killing off competitive aristocrats and businessmen who seek to crush him with bureaucracy.  Politics is the worst of all cutthroat businesses left in this world, but that’s the thing with cat and mouse games,” said the ex-Director.  “Sometimes you’re the cat and sometimes you’re the mouse.”  
Arkane tried to sound diplomatic.  “Can I ask you something?  You know they have implants, right?”
Odin lifted the patch, showing him a bionic eye that appeared to be well-installed.  “I already got one, but the Doc made it too powerful so I cover it until it’s needed.  The last one he gave me took a bullet and saved my life, but I keep the eye-patch because people underestimate you when they think you’re handicapped.  In war if that’s your first mistake, it is usually your last.”
“When were you injured?” Kyle wondered.  
“I lost my real eye during our first mission with your father, tracking the mercenaries Hendricks worked for in bringing the Asian prototype to our soil.”
“Can I ask how my father died, you act as if my involvement depends upon those who killed him.  He was your friend?” Arkane asked hopefully.
“He was the best man we’ve ever served with,” said the Doc.  “And the death of your father came with the end of our entire connection to the Office of International Security.”
“During the revolution of the Tribe of Amok, when Blackmore’s father Ozano first entered the city, there was a sect of cannibals roaming this area called the Bishopic Bloodline, and competition in the criminal underworld raged between factions of similar genetic enhancements,” said the ex-Director.  “Unlike the animal tribes who are shape-shifters engineered to be Quantum Phase MetaHybrids, meaning that they exist as completely human or a composite of human and animal genetic structures, these creatures that we have come to call Anomalies are a result of transgenic experiments that sought to perfect humanity by adopting specific animal attributes.  They were initially intended to be lab-rats, a step in the process of creating a better type of human, but while most of the other mutations were limited in number and have long since gone extinct, this particular branch has thrived.
“The most powerful phylum was derived from a resilient form of leech called the haemadipsidae, and aside from physical traits that include five pairs of eyes and two or three distinctly separate jaw structures, as partially human they resemble the ancient folklore of vampires and have therefore adopted the mythological subtext of the infamous creatures of the night.  The actual leech they descend from originated in the Triassic more than a hundred and fifty million years ago and the type that the Bishopic Bloodline were derived from, called the xerobdellidae, is even older.  The only weakness they currently have is their anonymity, which is a direct result of their limited numbers among the general population.  
“When your father was working with us, a few of these groups became dangerous while the rest were just mindless zombies cannibalizing citizens and getting picked off easily by the police.  Some of the Anomalies learned to hide what they were and the xerobdillidae bloodline took up religion and created a cult around a patriarch called Bishop Constantus.  He organized their ranks and these genetic monsters followed him as their god.  At the time we took in a new recruit who turned out to be a pawn of the Bishop, and after they tracked him to our headquarters they attacked us with an army of bloodsuckers and your father along with the rest of my team was slaughtered.  I survived with serious injuries and the Doc was conducting business in New York at the time.  After the massacre the OIS disbanded our project and the entire infrastructure that supported it, even though we had discovered the source of the genetic anomalies.  At that point we had no choice but to go underground.”
“Then why am I here if not for revenge?” Kyle clarified.  
“Because it’s the best motivation apart from justice.  We run covert special ops using unconventional warfare against humanity’s greatest threat since the advent of genetic manipulation.  We have three enemies, two in the government and another on the street, though there is plenty of information circulating about Lucerian Damacene, a vicious warlord of the Flesh Market who runs synthetic drugs in unregulated districts.  Though he is the softest target of the three, his evil has the deepest roots.  Technically among the consortium he’s not a leech but rather an Australian paralysis tick called the ixodes holocyclus, and we think he might be selling his own paralytic toxin as an anxiolytic on the Black Market, as horrible as that sounds.  
“The Doc recently discovered where the off-site information storehouse for OIS data logs is being kept, and with that location we can find out everything we need to know about an upcoming international forum.  The mech war in Asia and the awakening of robot consciousness are the primary reasons for the conference of world leaders, but it’s also going to be our best chance to take these monsters down collectively.”
“What do they want?” asked Arkane.
“As Acolytes of the Devil,” said the ex-Director.  “They seek to build a kingdom of hell on earth called Pandaemonium.  Even though Damacene only dominates a portion of the Black Market, the other two are a threat of geo-political proportions.  When your father worked with us, the corruption we faced in the business sector led us to the dynasty of Colton Tolliver, who was using corporate mercenaries to attempt a coup against the FWG.  Your father was instrumental in taking him down, and when we tracked the connections of a mechanical engineer called Eperiam Townsend we discovered that he started working with one of these Anomalies after being fired from the government.  It isn’t likely that he knew what they were genetically, just that they had the similar goal of disrupting politicians and keeping them preoccupied.  
“The source of these genetic mutations originated with Colton Tolliver, who at the end of the last century hijacked scientific experiments being advanced by the African Union at a former Russian Cold Regions Test Center in the wastelands of Asia.  Tolliver influenced the brilliant scientist working there to set his imagination loose and take genetic engineering to the ultimate level.  As a businessman he wanted research in regenerative medicine that he could release to the public for profit, but apparently the doctor had an inoperable brain tumor that made him insane.  Secretly he was using unsanitary conditions without ethical standards to recreate a world for beasts and man to live together as one.  Literally I mean, the doctor created a Theriomorphic genetic strain that spreads like a viral infection.  
“His initial research developed Quantum Phase Hybrids where a person’s cell structure could alternate with an animal of chosen design, a folkloric shape-shifter, but this quickly evolved into the animal tribes that exist beyond the city who are technically Phased MetaHybrids, because as I said when they shift, both human and animal mold into an amalgam of species.  Their genetics are communicable like a disease but luckily the first phase that created the Anomalies wasn’t.  After the immoral doctor’s experiments were destroyed along with the nuclear fusion plant that acted as his stronghold, Colton Tolliver brought at least some of the cutting edge DNA research to America and continued to work on it with kidnapped and coerced scientists at a facility east of Los Angeles.  
“We don’t know who leaked these genetic secrets, but it was somehow unleashed into official eugenics laboratories run by the government.  We’re not clear about this yet.  At about the time of your birth, your father personally executed Tolliver for his corruption and ended his attempt to control the FWG with corporate mercenaries.  The science eventually expanded without the help of the MegaCorporation that previously funded it, and since then enough time has passed for the genetic experiments to spread and for individual mutants to mature and hide among us.  According to recent research from the Doc, a prominent Senator in San Diego has decided to continue the work that was first started in Asia, intending to find a way to spread his genetic alteration as a virus like the Theriomorphs.  
“Perhaps an Anomaly being raised as an orphan grew to prefer his underlying nature to the humans who excluded his existence, and as a result he seeks to spread his condition to alter the world to fit his mutation.  That’s the Doc’s theory, at least.  There are others who have risen fairly high within the power structure of politics and they try to keep their secrets while we hunt them.  Keep in mind,” Odin stated.  “To open society, we are the terrorists.  In small circles they congregate in clans and cults, normally low level on a scale of crime, but during an international conference two years ago we believe that this Senator from San Diego and the current Director of the OIS met and created a pact between their bloodlines.  
“We don’t know how they found each other or how they connected with Damacene the druglord, for all we know they can smell each other, yet by joining with him they have managed to extend limited control over all areas of public and private sectors.  Since they must hide what they are, they have trouble chasing us openly, but they’re using political influence to dig deeper into our society while expanding their power base through genetic science.  Unfortunately all they need to do is keep us busy, because according to our source, Senator Savion Sheyol is close to the breakthrough he’s been waiting for, and when that is achieved his DNA will become an infectious virus capable of spreading through direct blood contact.”
Kyle blinked hard.  “And how does this persist without inter-agency knowledge?” 
“Tight control networks in the San Diego government and the Office of International Security here in Los Angeles.  They’ve been putting other Anomalies in key positions while rising through the ranks of civilized society.  A generation ago, the followers of Bishop Constantus took the old mythology to heart in terms of Christianity and vampirism and became cannibals as a result.  Since feeding on blood made them a segregated group, Senator Savion Sheyol and the Director of the OIS Morbius Gahena have stayed smart about their habits.  They keep to the perversions that we humans allow for ourselves while they develop and maintain extensive eugenics laboratories behind an intense veil of secrecy to become the fathers of a new race.
“Unfortunately they’ve also surrounded themselves with protection.  The Senator has created a legion of bodyguards from a gigantopithicus genetic strain found in the snowy mountains of Asia and he shipped the scientific mistakes during their creation to Lucerian Damacene to be his personal dogs.  Meanwhile Morbius Gahena at the OIS has his own secret police made from modified clones of himself.  I guess it was his preferred method of insuring loyalty.”
“I’m in over my head,” Arkane recognized.
“Actually you could be the deciding factor in this war,” said the Doc.  “It’s not a coincidence that you studied Bioetherics at the Los Angeles University.”
“Why is that?” Kyle wondered.
“It’s the source of your power.  Your father could channel kinetic energy but it was more of a reactive process, you have the ability to use your bioetheric life-force in ranged attacks.  You’re what we call psycho-kinetic.”
“But I have almost no control.” 
“Neither did your father before mech-upgrades,” said the Doc.  “Can I ask you what your supposition was to progress your field of study?”
Arkane hesitated.  “That emotion is the echo of the subconscious.”
Solas Blackmore finished changing into a special strike suit and retrieved a re-curve bow made of a durable alloy with magnetic emitters on both ends and a quiver of arrows with hi-tech tips.  Instead of using a string to launch the projectiles, the back of each shaft had a device that utilized a thin magnetized field.  After setting one in place, the mechanism would lock to the attractive force and could be pulled back with sufficient recoil to release the magnetic energy and launch the arrow.
“Most of what we used in the past had to be non-lethal because Morbius and Sheyol were sending human strike teams against us,” said Odin.  “When that tactic failed, they took the gloves off and started sending in their mutants and clones.  If we’re lucky tonight they’ll send BlackJack with a heavy crew and Solas can erase one of our many setbacks in this struggle.  Taking out these devils is only the first step, we also have to shut down the eugenics labs the Senator has been developing in San Diego.  We have more recruiting to take care of as well.”
“Of course I’m with you,” said Kyle.  “There’s little choice if these men are as powerful as you say.”
“Unfortunately we don’t have enough time before the international conference to get you trained and accustomed to how we work -”   
“Does anyone hear that?”  The Doc looked up from his computer screens to the air vent where a buzzing sound was echoing.  When Solas opened the grate, a handful of miniature swarmbots flew away like a cloud of gnats.
“Hummingbirds,” said Odin.  “BlackJack must be close if he’s sending in drones to seek our location.”
“There’s an internal stairwell that leads out the back,” Arkane offered.
“And it’s where they’re trying to push us,” Odin replied.  
“We’ll head out the front while Solas attacks the strike squad waiting on the street.”  To Blackmore, the ex-Director said, “Are you ready?” and the tribesman finished strapping a quiver across his back.
Kyle was curious.  “Is BlackJack an Anomaly or just a MetaHuman?”
“Let’s hope the Senator doesn’t discover how to manipulate genetic codes to that extent,” said the Doc, shutting down his portable terminal and picking up the last of his gear.
“We believe that BlackJack is a mercenary who found work with the Anomalies,” said Odin.  “But after he failed to catch us he became quite upset.  Our continuing survival is an insult to him in some professional way.”
“So what weapons can I use?” said Arkane.  “I’m hoping you have better tech than the EO sensors in the hall...”
The Doc brought a thin tube from his pocket.  “Though this looks like a flare, it is actually a modified flash-bomb called a Dazzler and it is twice as effective on cybernetic implants that can visually penetrate most distraction technology.”
Odin opened one of their duffel bags and took out a shiny silver ball the size of his fist.  “This is called the Orb of Zeus, or OZ for short.  It’s a non-lethal emitter of an electrical field that follows a short-radius EMP.  It’ll take down all humans, androids, and machines within a ten-foot radius.”  He took out a device that looked like a hockey puck.  “This is called a MindMelt grenade, it’s an Equilibrium Disruption System that uses high-frequency soundwaves to distort an enemy’s balance.  You hit the button and throw it, and anyone near the sustained EDS will feel as if they’re on a boat in rough water.  It’s enough to put anyone who poses a threat on their back, but it won’t finish them off.
“This will,” said the ex-Director, showing Kyle the glove he wore and the control panel on his forearm.  “We lost two men during our mission to retrieve the Asian prototype with your father.  Our team leader was killed when he made contact with the android and there was a mystery of how it happened, so after we excluded electrocution and external trauma, the only possibility left was at the core of the prototype itself.  An emergency function was built by Chinese scientists with a failsafe that rebooted the internal system and an unfortunate by-product was an intense vibrational jolt so powerful that it literally stopped our team leader’s heart.  His body just shut down.  Since I had already developed a non-lethal apparatus called the Hammer using this glove format, the Doc and I modified a new weapon called the Rapture.  It generates an ultrasonic flash of energy, and within close range it can be deadly.”
“If the Anomalies expand deeper into the roots of human society they will become another form of cancer,” said the Doc.  “Human civilization will die and be reborn as the dream of the Devil’s Offspring.”  
“We’ll have to finish our recruiting,” Odin continued.  “After we break free from this net closing in around us, we should speak with Reilly Zephyr.”
As they stacked the rest of their equipment at the door, Arkane asked, “Why are we waiting?” 
“They need to take position,” Solas replied.  “BlackJack will be impatient, as always, insisting that he play a role in our capture and execution.”
“When they penetrate the building, trail their ranks back to Samuel Azmodeus.  After you’re finished we will meet you at Reilly’s,” Odin told the tribesman.  “We’re going to take Kyle to retrieve the location of the off-sight information warehouse, then he can visit the new psionic.”
Kyle tried to hide his shock.  “The what?” 
“You’ll see,” said Blackmore.  “She’s probably the most decadent visionary we’ve ever had.”
Odin ignored Arkane’s blank stare and handed him a sub-compact rail-rifle.  “You might need this.  Solas will draw their attention by engaging BlackJack on the street and maybe we’ll get lucky to have that weight lifted from our task.  Either way, this will be a war with multiple battles.” 
Blackmore stood near the window, looking up.  “A light carrier drone just took a strike team to the roof.  You should go before they set up a perimeter.”  
With all of them loaded with suitcases except for Solas, Kyle followed Odin and the Doc into the lobby of the penthouse floor.  Outside, the dark sky opened with specks of rain that dropped upon the windows stretching over the upper balcony.  On the dome, Blackmore saw a watcher-droid performing reconnaissance for their location while transmitting back to its superiors.  He loaded an arrow on his magnetic re-curve bow and shot it through the spy, and when the mechanical scout dropped into the lobby it pounded a crater in the synthetic marble floor.  
“Sensors in the emergency stairwell just released their microburst countermeasures,” said the Doc, checking his touch-screen as they walked through the terminal.  “BlackJack’s team is coming in.”  
Solas took cover behind a flashy billboard celebrating a commercial product with blinding decoration and Odin looked back to assure that he was ready for the mission.  Standing in pieces of shattered glass that fell like water, Blackmore waved them on.  After they were gone, he leaned from cover and revealed himself to a team of shock-troops who jumped through the hole in the dome wearing helmets with red visors.  
When they landed on the upper balcony and began flanking his position, he tossed two canisters that poured clouds of dense white smoke.  Solas then pulled an arrow with a nerve agent dispersal in the tip, and as the squad moved between columns he shot it into the ceiling above them.  The arrowhead burst with a fog of green poison and the strike team pulled off their flak helmets and re-breathers, coughing up gallons of blood and convulsing in violent spasms.  From the rear stairwell, he saw another squad scanning the room and took out a napalm-projectile.  
While staying low, he launched it at the group and a target sensor in the arrow gauged its distance before impact.  As gel splashed across the emergency exit, among bright orange flames the unit was drenched in burning liquid when they tried to retreat.  The emergency sprinklers came on with a localized spray, but their smoking stacks of charred skin were still crackling in the heat.  
After the third strike team was ready to descend from the carrier-drone, through the rain Blackmore saw the pilot maneuver a helicopter modified with hover jets.  He picked a special projectile from his quiver and clicked the timer on the tip for a two-second delayed detonation, then he fired the flash-grenade into the sky and turned away before the flare lit beside the aircraft and disrupted its digital sensors.  
They lost some of their crew when they crashed against the atrium, busting the glass panels and blowing shards into the lobby with ion-wind engines.  As the remaining strike team dropped in, Solas leaned into the open and placed an electro-shock arrow into the puddles of water beneath them.  After the liquid sparked with blue light and a few enemies flopped around stricken with paralyzing voltage, the survivors rolled concussion-grenades through the smoke to spread the haze with a wave of explosions that shattered the plastic billboard.  Blackmore was flattened on the floor with his ears ringing and the enemy closing in, so he grabbed for the broken weapons spread around him and threw an arrowhead that triggered in mid-air, dispensing a fine mist of corrosive acid over the squad.  As the terrified troops ripped at their clothes, they peeled off their flesh in an attempt to crawl away from the pain that was boiling them alive.
With no one left to infiltrate the penthouse, the carrier-drone changed direction and floated away.  Solas felt the blood dripping from his scalp as he collected his quiver, then he took a running leap through the broken window and hit the activator on his jump-suit.  Once in the open, the updraft technology amplified the currents of rising hot air and he went gliding at a soft angle into the pouring rain.  In the distance the carrier was quickly escaping, hovering higher as Blackmore grabbed a frag-tipped arrow and launched it into the underbelly with a shape-charge that blasted pieces of jagged metal through the frame.  The punctured engine was throwing out a fountain of sparks when the propulsion system failed and the drone turned the corner at a drastic angle.  
Solas followed in a calm freefall while directing his descent between the skyscrapers and the OIS aircraft tumbled to the street far below.  Near two teams of assassins and their tactical commander BlackJack, the carrier plowed into the government transports waiting to chase the terrorists and crashed through the intersection near the Montessori Luxury Hotel, sending the hit squads running when the wings of the hover-jet careened through the side of the building.  

* * * * *

Odin, Kyle, and the Doc descended in the freight elevator from the top floor to a gentle stop on the lowest level.  The parking garage was crawling with OIS androids, but the ex-Director led them into shadows bending around the outline of a van.  He moved the official traffic obstruction that blocked the parking space and helped the others pack their supplies before they entered a transport cloaked with an advanced chameleon-projector.  After Odin turned on the silent MagLev system, he drove them carefully through the structure to avoid the patrols waiting for any signs of their escape.

* * * * *

Blackmore knew that he couldn’t drop below a certain height or the hot air currents became too thin to carry him, so he angled himself through the windows of an office building and skid across the sanitary tiles on broken glass.  The room was full of analytical androids positioned at desks while working on computers, and without complete bodies below the waist, the mid-level AI constructed for the processing of corporate data-sheets and transactions left the robots as permanent servants to paperwork, allowing their wealthy human masters to keep entire offices of information crunching accountants and market surveyors who left them in darkness as full-time workers in an endless career.  
After Solas heard Odin through his comm-piece report that they had successfully eluded the watcher-droids in the parking garage, he went to the window and saw two OIS transports leave the rear entrance of the hotel.  As they drove through the wreckage of the carrier-drone, Blackmore notified Odin that BlackJack was ordering a retreat and that their plan had worked perfectly.  
He stretched his limbs and took a breath before he pulled two arrows and set them on his bow.  He sent the blast-charge projectiles at the target and the first landed on the hood of a parked car where it split the frame with a violent detonation.  The second landed on the roof of an OIS transport and shrapnel tore wide gaps through the armored van as it tipped onto its side.
Solas opened his utility pack and attached a wire to the safety latch on his jump-suit, then he hooked it to one of the analysis-droids and leapt out the window.  The slackened wire lowered him to the ground and after a quick descent he detached the line and let it retract up the side of the building.  As he searched for survivors in the destruction, he saw BlackJack stumbling from the burning wreckage of the transport and let an arrow fly.
After the assassin’s helmet deflected it and the cloud of nerve gas was expelled, Samuel Azmodeus held out his fist and an electro-static rod materialized with its neon-blue glow.  In scratched armor he staggered while channeling his power, and when Blackmore attacked with his shock-knife their weapons lit with errant flashes from grinding electrical currents.  BlackJack aimed one of his gauntlets and a flare shot out, blinding his opponent long enough to land a hard kick that smashed Solas against a nearby vehicle.
To gain momentum, the assassin leapt high off the bumper and came down with his entire weight driving his static-rod into the hood of the car.  A deafening pulse of energy surged through the internal wiring and split the plasticized fiber casing at the seams.  When Blackmore was thrown into the air by the impact, Azmodeus initiated metamaterials that bent lightwaves around his armor and he disappeared.     

* * * * *

It was a three block drive to the Los Angeles Office of International Security and Arkane was surprised by how close the revolutionaries were to their enemies.  Most traveling businessmen entered the hotels of the district through private aerial transport, so no one would suspect that a terrorist cell would be that near with all the resources the OIS had at its disposal.  Only the Free Press Protection Agency had more connections to the bureaucracies of MegaCorporations, and the Regional Directors even had the power to override orders from the First World Government in times of extreme crisis.  Kyle figured that it was ironic that they had to play by the rules that caged them with protocol while Odin could run his insurgency outside the lines of civilized society.  
During the hours after midnight, the district was calm with number-crunching androids handling the interim of business transactions with the night shift of global market traders playing the Asian stocks.  Their nearly invisible transport drove by the OIS building on an empty street, and with the rest of the city asleep they reached the target skyscraper a few blocks north and stopped at a metal door appearing to house a backup power generator.  
“We constructed an emergency exit leading away from the OIS when we started the Archangel Project,” Odin informed Arkane.  “Our missions shifted from chasing corporate mercenaries to hunting genetically engineered mutations, so we needed a way out in case things ever came back to bite us.  Unfortunately Constantus was smarter than I am and we never got the chance to use it.”
The Doc shared his regret.  “It was kept off the internal schematics to stop outside infiltration and no one has ever been informed of its existence.  Perhaps we can use this exit as an entrance.”
With the camouflaged transport parked where no one would discover it, they got prepared to infiltrate one of the most heavily guarded buildings in the entire city.  Past the sliding metal door, they entered a sterile hallway full of pipes creating a skeletal path into a complicated maze of dead ends, but luckily Odin knew how to bypass the hidden security measures and after a long walk through an empty corridor they reached an empty freight elevator.  With the use of a forged key card on the coded control panel inside, the doors closed and the lift took them up to the War Department.
“We’ll have to gain access through the ventilation stairwell,” said Odin.  “The lobby is guarded by assault-droids, but since Director Morbius has an office in the penthouse we are lucky that the man we’re looking for is accessible.”
Kyle was surprised.  “You’re going to attempt an interrogation?” 
“We have no choice,” said the Doc.  “They don’t store their off-sight information warehouses by location in corruptible files on their mainline system.  The database overload is shipped by armed couriers, but nobody knows how they travel or if the storage facility is a standalone government office completely unmanned by human technicians.  The high-risk intelligence from old school agencies were taken to these random storehouses after the FBI, NSA, ATF, and DEA were absorbed into the International Bureau of Investigation, which is technically military intelligence expanded into the public sector.  After the First World Government converted the Secret Service into the Diplomatic Security Agency, they rolled the CIA and internal affairs into the OIS and we collectively became the International Security Council.  With the entire organization run out of Beijing, the bureaucrats separated their regional offices with orders for relative autonomy.  With evolving cyberbrains and artificial intelligence becoming intimate with society, the threat of hi-tech hackers is overwhelming and information is far too precious.”   
On a nondescript floor, the elevator stopped and the three terrorists entered a secured area using blackout technology that washed their profiles from the cameras in the halls.  At the emergency stairwell they scaled the wide shaft until reaching a specific wall, and after the Doc placed a searing shape-charge it burned hot enough to create a hole.  
On the main floor of the War Department of the OIS, he tossed an Orb of Zeus and the reflective tin ball rolled into the empty lab by stationary androids.  When the OZ began to vibrate and the mechanized security guards paused to recalibrate their equilibrium, Odin ran in pumping hotplate ammo and magnetized slabs of flattened metal locked to the robots’ chests, melting through the armor to their AI cores.   
Arkane watched the Doc work a control panel on the wall to block emergency signals from the guards to the backup strike team of androids in the basement.  After the OZ built up a climactic shudder of invisible electro-magnetic pulses that overloaded their data systems, the eye-sockets of the androids burst with metallic sparks.  
Odin yelled, “Don’t let him lock it down!” and Kyle followed him through the collapsing security guards while covering the Doc with his compact rail-rifle.  In the Office of the Department Chief, Vincent Fisk saw them coming and attempted to run for the safety of the lockdown rooms available for upper division workers.  Thanks to the Doc the door was malfunctioning, and Odin slammed the stock of his rifle into the man’s jaw.  
The ex-Director stood over the bleeding bureaucrat until the Doc caught up.  When Fisk spit out two of his teeth, the scientist gestured for the dislodged canines and loaded them into a modified genetic scanner.  
“Where is the off-site information storage unit for this branch?” Odin asked him.  “The address is hidden within you, not in your computer files and not in your cyberbrain, since those can all be hacked.  You hold the confidential location in your human memory and the only way for me to retrieve it is to investigate your tolerance for pain.”
“He isn’t one of them,” the Doc said after completing his brief analysis of the teeth. Odin looked to the man as if he was worse than a demon, he was a traitor.  
When the ex-Director stepped forward, Vincent put his hand to the gun barrel.  “I’ll tell you!” he pleaded, shaking as he rattled off the list of coordinates he had memorized.  When asked for the coded key, he pulled out an implant that was masked as a fake fingernail.
“How did they get to you?  What did they offer?”
“I discovered Director Morbius’ secret through a mainline record of state-run foster care facilities,” Fisk replied.  “I suspected that something was off about him and checked the Orphan Labs.  All the Anomalies start there, they get raised by surrogate-droids and we wonder why they end up hating us.”
“They plan the death of your species and you decide to help them achieve it?”
“Did they threaten your family?” the Doc wondered.  
“It wasn’t money,” the pitiful Department Chief said without regret.  “And it wasn’t a promise to become one of them when the Senator finally makes their genetics contagious.  Morbius let me live.  He let me be a part of it.”
Odin looked upon him without mercy.  “Then I will bring sanity to your mistake,” he said, and shot Vincent Fisk with a hotplate that sizzled through his chest and scorched his heart, a quick but excruciating death.  

* * * * *

Near the waterfront at the Marina Harbor, the Doc drove them to an empty industrial sector and parked a few blocks from a large warehouse.  After Solas checked in through his comm-piece to inform Odin about the escape of BlackJack, the ex-Director had trouble containing his frustration, and Blackmore said that he would meet them at Reilly’s hideout to help look for new recruits before he broke communication.
Arkane remained quiet in the presence of the hatred that fueled their war, but Odin buried it when they activated the chameleon-projector on their transport and walked to the nondescript building.  With blind-mines they kept the security sensors busy and at the entrance they used the artificial fingernail Fisk had provided.  They were given access quickly but when the system asked for further verification, the Doc pushed his way in and declared that the alarm would only give them a few minutes.  Once inside, they saw coolant machines around rows of database hardware housed in square servers.  
The Doc went to a computer terminal and jacked in with a small briefcase he carried.  “I’ll be ready in twenty seconds, I just need one file.”
“Where are the guards?” Kyle wondered.
“Fisk didn’t give us the secondary access codes,” Odin lamented.  “We only have a short window before the alert is sent, but we needed a way in since online AI monitors satellite coverage during high level clearance and we don’t have access to starburst-frequency technology.”
“Almost there,” said the Doc, sorting through file names with multiple data scanners.
The ex-Director pulled the rail-rifle from Arkane’s grip and looked to him with sudden animosity.  “Why do you need this?”
“What?” Kyle replied but the Doc kept his attention averted from their conversation.
“Your father was a cop risking his life for the citizens of this city and you end up as a rail-runner with the Hellcat in the Sonoran wasteland?  I gave him the chance to eliminate the danger that imprisons us, and now that it’s happening again I doubt you have what it takes.”
“So you want to make me angry to witness the extent of my powers, that’s far from a clever tactic.  As far as I can tell, it’s your fault he was killed.  You dragged him into your world and now you’re doing the same with me.”
Odin taunted, “What are you saying?”
“You didn’t even know my father, you were just using him as a weapon the same as you’re using me!”
“You think I enjoy recruiting low-life criminals to protect a society that wants me dead as a symbol of justice over terrorism?  You say I didn’t know your father, but I knew him a lot better than you did.  He chose to use his gift for others, protecting the innocent from scientific horrors, but he didn’t have a fraction of the power you have as a MetaHuman and you use it against IHP Titans for a small stack of cash.  You want to know what my first impression was when we found you, kid?  I knew that you had the potential to go off like a damn h-bomb, but the first thing that came to my mind was, he’s nothing like his father.”
“Who are you that I should want to make so proud of me, a sociopath surrounded by enemies and a mission that’s always bigger than you are?  You say I failed you but you’re wrong, you lost the war and you lost my father, and if he had been around maybe I would’ve become something more than a rail-runner!”
“Here’s your chance then.  You had something to lose and it was taken away from you by these monsters who poison our society from the inside while halfwits like Vincent Fisk give our culture away.  I didn’t kill your father, Kyle, they did!  They broke into our headquarters in the middle of the night and dismantled my life’s work.  The Anomalies took your father to pieces.  They don’t want this world and all the beauty in it, they must not want it if they would mess with a man who can do what you can.  Don’t you hear the torment inside waking up to remind you what you are?  We will bring annihilation upon the illness that infects us and leave the enemy in ashes, what did you think the revolution would be?”
Arkane screamed and the room shook a little, “Stop testing me!”
Odin pointed to the weak spots in the structure of the warehouse.  “It’s all a test, you just need to wake up!  Bring this place down and send them a message, tell them we’re here and make them feel it!  They took your father, Kyle...”
“I’m done.”  The Doc closed his briefcase and left.
“They took your father,” Odin said again and backed to the door with an eye on his recruit.  
The sadness called back to Arkane from his youth and he pushed the anger through his fingertips.  He stood in the quaking warehouse with energy lifting his clothes like a strong wind and the load-bearing columns crumbled as the building started coming apart, collapsing the roof and decimating rows of databases.  Kyle walked from the OIS warehouse with the walls falling around him and Odin watched the destruction take the structure to dust before the implosion sent billowing clouds into the air.  
The ex-Director waited until the OIS storehouse was a pile of rubble before he whispered, “Good job, kid.”   

* * * * *

They dropped Kyle off at a MegaApartment building downtown and gave him careful instructions on how to consult with the visionary.  He was given a golden key and told where to meet her before they left to find more recruits.  Arkane entered the exquisite lobby of the upscale housing complex that scraped the sky with an antenna-spike reaching into the ozone.  He avoided the sales-droids that scanned him from a distance and once in the elevator he chose the seventy-seventh floor.  
After gliding quickly up the magnetic track, the doors opened to hallways painted in a soothing tone and he passed several conspicuous guards checking him for weapons and detailing his biological signature, a necessary precaution to protect the visionary after the murder of the previous Fate Goddess Moira.  The united attempt from various clans was to keep the new Seer alive, but they watched each other as closely as the newcomer until he showed his golden key.  He entered the correct door to a place sparsely decorated as a waiting area, and in the adjoining hallway he was greeted by small Asian women while others roamed the living quarters as if in the presence of royalty. 
Kyle had trouble distinguishing the formality of her attendants from androids and he heard a television blaring with events in the global market before they displayed footage of the International Burn Leagues of modified races held in civilized countries around the world.  With different kinds of terrain for each division, the most popular were street-racers who drove cars like Wallace Hendricks’ on closed tracks in the dilapidated and abandoned wasteland cities.  The hazards multiplied the thrill of drivers who used AI navigators to supplement their reaction time, burning their way through courses at blistering speeds.  Points were awarded for accidents that twisted wreckage in terrible ways as thousands of cameras on the tracks provided the audience with the best vantage point at any given time.  
Arkane was ushered into a living room with a low roof where he saw the new Fate Goddess lounging on a couch near an open window.  A strong breeze made the curtains dance, distorting the lights of the city outside, and the woman wore a flimsy dress that draped her like silk while she searched the unfettered sky.  
“Are you Sybil Dendera?” he asked, and the Asian attendants waited for her to acknowledge him.   
“I am the wind as Moira was the light,” said the gentle visionary who glanced briefly at Kyle.  Her clothes never seemed to touch her skin and in a way she seemed to have no substance at all.  He would’ve been able to ignore her presence, in fact, if she wasn’t wearing transparent fabric that revealed her perfect naked body beneath.  “Odin sends me another child looking for answers, what threats are looming now?”
“I’m not sure,” he replied.  “I was looking for questions more than answers.”
She shifted herself to examine the young man’s eyes carefully and her face was as brilliant as the sun.  With skin faded like some mimic of satin human flesh, she was beautiful even in an age of genetic manipulation.  “I don’t offer people questions,” she said calmly.  “And you don’t have to know who you are to be useful to others, you only have to know what you are not.  Why are you here?”
“I don’t know,” he said again.  “I guess it’s a rite of passage to Odin.  I probably shouldn’t talk about the mission but I guess you know about it already.”
Sybil leaned back on her comfortable couch with a view of the ocean to the west.  “I’m sorry for all the prying eyes outside.  The clans are protective of me after what happened to Moira, but it becomes very difficult to consult about secrets with the entire underworld watching.  You’re a MetaHuman, aren’t you?”
Arkane nodded.  “How can you tell?”
“The heat emanating from your power.  It resonates chaotically because you don’t know how to control it, but that’s not why you’re here.”
“Maybe I’m looking for a better vocation...”
“We all must give a portion of ourselves in sacrifice,” said the Fate Goddess.  “And the better the soul the bigger the cost, though you’ve given nothing of yourself to anyone.”
“I don’t want the responsibility of failure,” he replied.
“Or the joy of victory, apparently.”
“I never hurt anyone.”  
“Neither does a tree that fails to fall.  You sold weapons, did you not?”  Sybil gave him a look of disapproval.  “What if those rail-guns were used to take a life?”
“What if they were used to save one?” Kyle offered.  “The wastelanders have to protect their children against Theriomorphs, after all.”
“They also war against each other and the young are trampled underfoot, even if it is of little consequence now that the apocalypse is coming.”
“You know what’s threatening the wastelanders?”
“A virus created to purify the world of lesser humans.  The time of purification is near and in the end there will be no wastelanders left.  No amount of vision can derail the course of Fate.”
“But the virus cannot touch us, it only affects humans without genetic tampering.”  
“A virus evolves as we do,” she said.  “And if not for the saviors of the wasteland humanity will be lost.  You’ve already met one of them, the man from the forest?”
“Solas Blackmore?”
“Yes, but when they save us from the dark ages you will be living in New York at the time -” 
“Please don’t tell me how I die,” he joked.  “Keep your advice limited.”
“Are you afraid of the future, or the truth?”
“There are just some things that I don’t need to know, especially not if existence is often a matter of determinism.”
“What if I revealed happiness for the future?”
“Then it would ruin the surprise, and portents about sorrow would draw out the suffering if I couldn’t avoid the tragedy.  I don’t want to live another life if I can do what I’m supposed to do with this one.”
“I never said that all events are inevitable,” she told him.  “And not all truth is self-evident.  The pattern of chaos is the pathway of the metaphysical, the exception to the laws of the elemental Cosmos and proof that they do not exist as we perceive them.  On the eternal plane, if there is no death then there is no birth, there is only transformation.  Life is a filter that we must pass through to reach the source, even if all consciousness merely seeks to escape the darkness.  In freedom it finds the mountain of self-discovery and the higher it climbs the worse the tumble back, but to know the heart we understand the world and the deeper the path out of shadows to become the light.  In this realm, given enough time all things come into balance, you must only free yourself from the negative slide towards non-existence, which due to the entropic dissolution of your physical bodies is more of a blessing than you know.  The only thing that dies is the idea of what you were, and if you can accept this eventuality you will live every moment as your last.”
“What is the true source of the MetaHumans, are we genetic manipulations like the vampires and Theriomorphs?” 
“The path of survival is narrow, but I would not call science a product of nature when it is clearly an act of human will.  At this point we are all manipulations of some kind,” Sybil replied.  “Therefore we are all unreal, if that was your question.  What humans refer to as spirit is merely a hyper-developed conscience that outgrows its limitations.  Beneath the surface we are all wild animals but only the wastelanders are natural, dying in agony after pathetically short lives struggling for necessities.  They would appreciate what we take for granted.”
“You said that sacrifice is necessary for growth, so the same must be true for all things,” said Arkane.  “Is that why you seem so apathetic?  Or is it because, as you said, you cannot change the momentum of the future?”
“In ancient Greece the Myceneans visited an oracle for important decisions, and after ethylene fumes from a crack in the earth gave the Pythia a subtle mindset and she declared her cryptic prose, the seeker of the truth would consult with the priests of Apollo for advice.  They had a place for both, logic and mysticism, but the visionary was a woman because we are connected to the cycles of nature.”  Sybil gave this deep consideration.  “For your mission, do you want to know who will die?  I could share the fates of others if you fear your own.”
“Would I be able to change the course of the future?”
“In this case it might stop you from losing another father,” she told him.
He looked through the window, sharing her view of the skyline.  “How am I supposed to take that?”  
“Questions about identity are always the same because if people don’t know what they are, how can they possibly know what they want?  I recently saw an advertisement for a commercial clinic that offers live mates for citizens created from clones of their own DNA twisted into the opposite sex.  Technology and science afford us options that we sometimes shouldn’t have, yet for whatever reason that never stops us from trying.  You seek motivation but you’ve already been given your war.”
“It isn’t mine.  This is Odin’s battle, he’s just using me.”
“This war is for the future of power that bestows freedom to the citizens,” Sybil told him.  “And some people are simply born to make this world a better place.  If you fail, the Anomalies will take humanity where it isn’t supposed to go.  Ethics will die and we will become animals again, a regression into a greater hell than the darkness of human will.  This is a war that will be fought for generations to come as it has already been the task of your forefathers, both you and Solas.  You must sustain us because the weight of it doesn’t fall upon anyone else, not anymore.”  
“But I don’t hate the monsters who killed my father.  If they’re dead and rotting, my anger can lead to nothing.”
“What we need is a reckoning to replace what no longer fuels us, and to answer your question, I am apathetic because life is always too tragic for a visionary.  There is such terror in this painful place and sometimes the only advice I can offer is to keep fighting, to dig the goodness out and make it worth all the blood it takes to do so.  That is the truth as well, that existence is more like smoke than you know, changing shape in fluid motion and fading before it can be grasped.  If helping others isn’t worth your effort, then you have already abandoned your soul.”  Sybil closed her eyes and almost disappeared when a strong wind blew through her apartment.  “Today will decide the lives of billions.”  
Rays of the rising sun broke the horizon and brightened the Seer who seemed to be incapable of further discussion.  As she turned away to rest, Kyle took the hint and left the apartment of Sybil Dendera.  

* * * * *

Arkane climbed into a taxi waiting at the curb outside and the android driver took him west to the edge of the city.  Daylight was intense in the vacant morning sky, and along the coast a few neighborhoods maintained their suburbs despite the buildings vying for space.  He met with Odin and they joined the Doc in Reilly Zephyr’s home to search for the last recruits they would need for their war.  Despite the calm ambiance, the place was a hacker sanctuary filled with better tech than the OIS War Department.  Reilly was a young computer programmer who got fired by the government for breaking ISC protocol, and though he avoided working directly against the FWG, he tracked and undermined their actions when corrupt officials overstepped their purview.  
He became a freedom fighter, keeping himself aligned with his connections to NASA technicians who ran in the same circles as data-thieves and low-tech engineers.  They chased new inventions that became a rapid occurrence with the intense competition of intellectually modified individuals.  Ideas were being mined like gold and NASA had contact with every genius no matter who they worked for, but Zephyr refused to believe that it was merely a way of keeping technology in check by monitoring innovations.  In truth they were in a race to get humanity off the earth.  To assure the continuation of neo-sapiens in space after the century of storms, they were desperate to find a less volatile place to exist, even if outer space was proving to be as unpredictable and dangerous.
In a three-bedroom house that had been converted into a lab with illegal hardware spread out in disorganized fashion, Reilly nodded to the computer screens monitoring government security systems.  “We found them,” he said.  “And apparently Solas recognizes someone.”  The hacker showed a visual feed as it followed a group of robed men into a biker hangout in the Flesh Market until the picture froze upon a woman among them.  “Those are definitely the Neurians,” said Reilly.  “But I’ve never seen the pretty lady before.”
“That’s my cousin Maia,” Solas told them.  “I can’t imagine why she would leave our tribe in the forest, though.”
The Doc leaned from his portable setup across the room.  “I’ve obtained the arrival schedules of the international conference...” 
Zephyr was relieved.  “Morbius and the Senator live in isolated worlds, we would never be able to lay a hand on them without this gathering.  Let me know what I can do to help.”  He pushed his shaggy hair from his face and had the look of a youthful caffeine addict who never left the Global Networks.  He lived and breathed computers, and it made him as popular with revolutionaries as with the Fate Goddess herself.
“Is Maia working with the Neurians?”  Odin checked the footage of her with the others as she turned and lifted her hood, carefully scanning the area outside the bar before entering.
“What are Neurians?” Kyle asked.
“The Neurians were one of the first pure-breed genetic creations unleashed by Colton Tolliver.  When he brought his catalogue of modified strains from Asia, he expanded his secret research facility east of here, keeping it buried among the Inland Empire harvest projects.  This species is a Therianthrope spliced with dire wolf genetics.  The Dacian Clan was made from the genes of North American Timberwolves, but the Neurian strain is ancient in the wild.  Dire wolves are larger, stronger, and more fiercely independent, and they hate the Anomalies who oppressed them in their infancy.”
“Did Tolliver release the Theriomorphs on purpose?” Arkane wondered.  
“Nobody knows how the animal-shifters spread,” Reilly answered.  “But we are close to understanding how they were created.”
“Let’s get going, the Neurians won’t stay in one place for long,” Solas reminded.  
While the Doc packed up his equipment, Odin paid Zephyr with schematics of new inventions.  He told them that he was always available for freelance hacking, but like everyone outside the war, Reilly was thankful not to have to carry the task of finishing it.

* * * * *

The driver-droid in their transport took them into unregulated districts where they found the biker bar that the Neurians were tracked to and parked in a nearby alleyway.  The Doc said he was going to set up a mobile logistics center for the mission and Kyle decided to stay in the van since the place was a known hangout for the Mongols, a disorganized group of outlaw bikers versatile enough to survive the strife of nature’s wrath.  Other gangs had ostracized themselves by joining the nomadic wastelanders, but they kept to western America and stayed under the TraffiCops’ radar.  For cash they were known to supply weapons to people squatting in the east L.A. ruins and it was for this reason that Arkane chose not to enter the bar and risk being recognized after numerous confrontations with them.  
Solas and Odin were careful to hide their faces from local cameras when they walked through the parking lot full of low-riding choppers with heavy armor customized to each biker’s personality.  Politicians were still trying to gain control of the unregulated districts with small-minded tactics and surveillance was the best they could do after Lucerian Damacene became the dominant warlord of the Flesh Market.  Though he wasn’t very smart, he was as cunning as any animal without a conscience.  
The bar was fashioned into something like an old west saloon and once inside, the acrid stench of smoke clogged the air with a thick haze.  A rough bartender looked to the newcomers and the bouncer was obviously a biomech pushing an addiction to robotic implants, but Odin asked to see Lord Yazzatas and was directed to a table at the back of the room.  The Neurians were grizzled warriors, and even in human form they appeared to be ready for anything that was asked of them as they gave the aging ex-Director their respect.  
“We’ve been called to finish this blood feud,” Lord Yazzatas declared through his thick beard.  “Have you finally gathered what you need for this war?”
“We’re ready,” Odin replied.  “The international conference begins in a few hours and we need our coordinated ambush in place before dark.  Should we talk outside?”
When the group of Theriomorphs stood up, one of them seemed out of place, and after she removed her hood Solas recognized his cousin Maia.  She looked at him in shock and immediately jumped into his arms.  “I’ve been searching for months,” she said, touching his cheek to be certain he was real.  They followed Odin and the Neurians from the biker bar, and while the others discussed their multi-front battle plan in the alley the tribal warriors got caught up.  Maia was particularly distressed and he asked her what was wrong.
“There’s a new threat to our people,” she revealed.  “We had peace after our war with the Shedskins and Lotus Eaters, but now there’s some kind of infection crossing the wasteland.  Though our tribe is immune, the elders want your help.”
“The threat here is just as imminent.”
She hesitated.  “My mother died while you were away.”
Solas gave her a hug as a reminder that his heart was always with her.  “What are you doing with the Neurians?”
“I tracked them here and discovered the threat of these Anomalies.  Where are the others from the Tribe of Amok?”
“They’re with the son of Arcturus Andarta, waiting for the battle to begin.  The virus in the Sonoran wasteland will have to wait until this is done.  If we fail, the political blood from this city will drown the entire world.”  
“Why, what have you discovered?”    
“I found the source of what we are, but I don’t think you want to know.”
Maia frowned.  “Of course I do...”
“Our tribe was born from an experiment created by the government.  They engineered us from the MetaHuman genome to become a buffer population between the city and encroaching animal tribes.  Kyniska Dendera was the first MetaHuman on record at the end of the last century and it was from her genes that we were modified, created in a lab by human scientists who believed that they could install a tribe in the wilderness that would fall back into the natural human condition that existed for at least a hundred thousand years before civilization.  Only two generations have passed since our ancestors were placed in the Fourth World setting and our elders never talk about the history of our clan because they never knew.  
“Odin helped me discover that laboratories in the Inland Empire spawned the various Theriomorphs through illicit breakthroughs.  When they organized into tribes and started threatening citizens, we were created by the human government to keep them out of Los Angeles.  The experiment began with a group of scientists who brought our elders as children into the wilderness east of Los Angeles, developing the myth of Finn Garuda as a moral guide.  These dedicated doctors lived with us in conditions that must have been appalling compared to what they had known in society.  
“Even our parents were among these children, set loose into nature with the animal clans expanding until my father’s journey to defeat King Vircolac.  Our existence as tribal people isn’t a lie, it just has fictitious roots and a purpose that has been kept from us for half a century.  We were created to put an end to the threat of Therianthropes and that has been our responsibility as a thin line keeping the wild away from this city.  The people here are too complacent, while danger surrounds them they are oblivious.  We are desperately needed here.”
Maia turned away to gather her thoughts and grasp the complexity of his revelation. 

* * * * *

The Doc set up a mobile logistics center in the transport and rearranged their tactical plans to include the Neurians, explaining to everyone that they were going to interrupt the international conference to get the OIS diplomats running for safety to break up the cohesive security units covering the convention.  After their targets were separated, any personal bodyguards would be easier to subdue.  
The strategy was reconfigured and the groups split into formation with three onslaughts planned after a direct infiltration of the conference by Solas and Odin.  The schedules downloaded at the OIS data-storage warehouse revealed how the targets would be arriving, as well as their escape routes when they decided to leave, and the Doc gave them all micro-communicators to place in their ears along with alternate re-group locations in case they lost contact.
After Zephyr provided them with IDs manufactured to legitimate standards and old OIS uniforms, Blackmore and Odin were dropped off with the crowds overwhelming the Los Angeles Convention Center.  The Doc traded specs for experimental thermobaric weaponry designed by the Chinese War Department for clearance codes from Reilly Zephyr, and as mainstream media outlets hounded the scene with propaganda, the protection for the VIPs was intense.  
With biomechs mixed among corporate security teams, the officials had their own multi-level parking garage connected to the forum.  At the side entrance designated for the OIS and reporters from the FPPA, Odin handed over his information and after a quick fingerprint match he was allowed inside.  Solas followed, feeling at a disadvantage to leave his arrows behind.  They brought satchels with gear that was scanned thoroughly by machines at every checkpoint, but what little technology they had was hidden well and went unnoticed.  
As they walked freely into the belly of the international collection of dignitaries, the ex-Director checked with the Doc to be certain their weapons would be ready for the ambush, planted within reach beyond the security zones.  He had taken off his eye-patch and was forced to move slower to process the information being scanned by his implant.  Accompanied with an aural amplifier, he kept them headed through the least precarious sections to a ramp leading to the presentation.  OIS agents had different assignments and wandered past each other in the corridors without recognition of nationality or the assigned principle they were protecting.  In standard helmets with a tinted faceplate and chin-guard with breathing holes and a solid cranial cap, Odin and Solas split up and began their missions on the main floor of the Convention Center.  
The groundwork was situated on a downward slope to the stage in the center and rising rows of comfortable seating were designated in precise arrangements due to political alignment.  The subject matter of the meeting of foreign bureaucrats was clearly depicted, headlining the Awakening of robot consciousness and the continuing mech war in the wastelands of Asia.  In the middle of the circular room was a platform provided for the moderator of the event with tables set up for evidentiary process and clearscreen projectors for the transmission of detailed displays.  
Though nearly everyone in the building spoke the international language of trade, Mandarin, AI translators gave frequency relays of the varying linguistic types spoken around the world.  The skylights above brightened the expansive room, and as the afternoon began to wane, the VIPs were seated under blue-tinted lamps.  The first order of business was considered after the moderator took the stage, but the clean-cut man in a tailored suit was nothing but an android shell with a few Chief Officials of the FWG wired into its neural-net, giving them supreme control over the job of mediating the complicated coalition.  As representatives from the half-dozen surviving nations, they kept in tune with their individual affiliations while the mech war was given tacit discussion.  
Solas circled the back row of OIS guards, surveying the diplomats in attendance, but the noise never died down from constant commentary by reporters overshadowing the deliberation between extensive political entourages assigned to speak for their constituents.  The interwoven communications were only slightly demarcated by declarations given by the moderator, and when sensitive issues came to the table the forum was temporarily deadlocked.  The mech war itself was a hot topic, though it was almost a non-issue due to the consistency of robot battles over past generations.  Without the loss of human life by the rivals India and China, the same old views were applauded or denounced with everyone following their own party line.  
New technological developments were discussed and new grievances were aired by both sides of the Fifth World War, but the supposed enemies of East Asia were tied so thoroughly by trade alliances that the war itself was cold and industrial espionage was undermining corporations without any danger to the public.  Information was traded more than bullets, yet the obstinance of human government was still paramount.  America had become the neutral zone after being surpassed economically, even as it remained allies to all while trying to survive as a bifurcated nation split between L.A. and New York.  
The mech war had become a tagline in the scheme of things though neo-feudalism was a far more relevant topic, and with the majority of international animosity centralized in spy networks and corporate mercenaries, the resulting silence from the opposing aisles was maintained for self-preservation.  After all, no government could act innocent after the imperialism that followed the century of storms.  The overall purpose of the conference was then discussed, since it affected all humans equally and posed a similar threat.  
The Awakening of artificial intelligence with self-conscious behavior had become a thorn in limited ways.  Certain programs were establishing autonomy faster than failsafe boundaries could be added, and with the Concubine Revolution expanding, technicians around the world were beginning to envision possibilities of danger everywhere.  In their creations they saw the seed of their own destruction, but the fear of primeval replacement was too big on a scale of modern technological advancements and hypothetical scenarios frightened everyone with statistics playing out in the collective scientific mind.  There were so many android slaves serving humanity that it created a paranoia equivalent to what the Romans must have felt after the rise of Spartacus.  
Plenty of scientists sought to quell the irrational storms by welcoming advanced cognition systems as not only tools but coworkers, even if the rampant fatalism of terrified populations was screaming too loud for wisdom to be heard.  Championing robotic identity would allow harmony to thrive, but too many abhorred the notion of upgrading ourselves to be replaced with better versions, making humans obsolete for the soulless children spawned to take our place.  
Bioetheric identity was still being figured out while the First World Government maintained strict laws about an overreacting populace, and it was far too late to extricate technology from a civilization that relied on the singularity of both man and machine to thrive.  As both sides argued in diametrical opposition, the only honest voice came from those in power who saw the gray area between as the inevitable result of natural evolution.  Diplomats were airing their concerns with lists of ways in which the world could be swallowed by the unintended consequences of science, bringing the ultimate irony of human self-destruction at the hands of what was supposed to supplement our existence.  
Most artificial intelligence was still limited by design with a specific purpose too meager to pose a threat, and the vast majority of robotics weren’t capable of autonomy, like factory workers and technical projects masterminded by people but performed by android proxies.  What caused the most concern overlapped into the war itself, because if the constant devastation created by mechanoids was ever turned on society, the citizens of the world would face a holocaust beyond imagination.  
That part of the discussion was in contention when Blackmore saw his target, a Senator from San Diego seated in his own section with massive bodyguards sporting long white hair.  Savion Sheyol was a small, chubby man with unnaturally tanned skin and a suave suit who exhibited the kindness of a grandfatherly politician.  If not for the fact that he was a monster in hiding, there wouldn’t seem to be anything harmful about him.  Senator Sheyol had fooled the masses with his sophist charm, though the people were more hesitant about the power of their elected leaders than the distant possibility of a global revolution by self-actuated machines.

* * * * *

While Solas waited at the back row near journalists and other OIS security officers, Odin navigated his way around the guards, listening to the petty worries of the conference and wondering how many vampires sat among the delegation.  Savion and Morbius were a misfortunate union, to meet in a similar international forum with a shared genetic connection.  The warlord of the Black Market, Lucerian Damacene, was the only one not afraid to announce what he was and in the decadence of the Flesh Scene his sick desires blended in.  Perhaps it was his pride to be a monster that brought them together initially, because as individuals they had nominal power at best.  
He saw Morbius Gahena, the Director of the Los Angeles Office of International Security, complete with his secret police and their red skullcap helmets with thick nose-guards.  The young man had black hair and pale white skin and was dressed in stylish leather uncommon for a government official.  His title gave him immediate respect and even the Chinese Diplomats favored his tactics of secrecy and anonymous strike teams.  Morbius used clones of himself as enforcers, but with his property both loyal and cost efficient he was seen as an innovator instead of a narcissist.  
Odin received word from the Doc that the Tribe of Amok was ready in the parking structure and Arcturus was waiting in the upper level lobby with Maia.  He took a step to the top of an aisle that led down to the stage, and with a simple tap of his heel the synthetic rubber sole on his left boot opened and a small compartment released three small orbs.  After they rolled silently by foreign agents, newscasters, and diplomats, they bounced against the stage and went unnoticed until the Doc triggered them from the mobile logistics center outside, where he watched the proceedings through hacked security feeds operated by the OIS on a remote signal.  
He timed the detonation well and the modified Dazzler went off first, splashing infrared in a frequency burst that overloaded the visual receptors of all bionic implants in a radius around the stage.  The miniature Orb of Zeus was then activated and electro-magnetic pulses shot out with charged particles of air that appeared like a miniature lightning storm, shutting down the Moderator’s cell core with a proximity explosion that ruptured a hole in the android’s chest.  
As it fell upon the table with fractured optics, the display screens were hit by sonic vibrations and cracked apart.  The crowd reacted when the synthetic glass shattered, and as the security guards moved towards their VIPs, the Equilibrium Disruption System kicked in from the MindMelt grenade and the officers tripped awkwardly and fell over.  People assumed that they were being shot at and the aisles filled quickly with officials who were unaware of the non-lethal subterfuge.  The ensuing panic went precisely to Odin’s plan, with electronics hampered or completely disabled and emergency procedures enacted to aid the evacuation of the international forum.

* * * * *

After escaping among other high-ranking diplomats in attendance, Senator Savion Sheyol was led by his white-haired guards to the upper floor of the secured parking garage.  Blackmore was quick to follow in the wave of dispersing crowds, staying close to the OIS agents providing protection for the government workers.  Once through a pair of heavy doors, he set a numerical code lock behind them and the group didn’t notice that they were alone until the ambush was set.
A handful of dominating men stepped from behind parked cars in dark robes over bare feet.  When they removed their hoods, they looked like vicious barbarians plucked from a primordial forest.  While the Senator was surrounded by his men, Solas removed his OIS disguise and retrieved his weapons from a fake container for an electrical conduit by the stairwell.  He then gave a wild roar through his human mouth to order his Tribe of Amok to break from their flesh, and Sheyol cowered behind his bodyguards when the felines dropped their robes along with their skin and expanded into beasts as big as cars.  
On two legs the MetaHybrid wildcats rushed the Senator and when the first cougar sunk his teeth into an enemy’s shoulder they hit the ground with a splash of blood.  Sheyol had manufactured his guards from giant Yetis, ape-like and built strong with thick jaws and beady eyes who used their heavy arms like pendulum clubs as they kept their boss between them.  The cats hunched on all fours and circled the growling creatures that were quickly engulfed in white hair, and to create a break in their defensive line the leopard shifters crowded them individually, cornering them against parked cars before shredding them with sharpened claws.  
Blackmore shot an arrow into a Yeti and its hair lit with napalm, and after his second arrow exploded, it sent a burning beast over the railing of the multi-story garage.  The circle of bodyguards broke and a few of the monsters came at the human intruder, so he shot one with an electro-shock projectile, a special prototype designed by the Doc, and the intense vibrations of the arrowhead cut through the animal like a modified rail-gun, tearing through its heart so quickly that it fell in mid-stride.  
Blackmore watched his wildcats being overpowered by the brute strength of the white haired giants throwing cars and launched an acid-tip projectile to save his brethren.  The chemical corroded the enemy who peeled off chunks of fur to be rid of the pain, and as soon as Sheyol’s men were spread too thin to protect him from the Tribe of Amok, he abandoned his surviving soldiers and ran for the emergency exit.  
Solas put an arrow on-target and caught the Senator’s leg.  When the limping official tried to drag himself across the ground, the tribal warrior put another into the corrupt official’s back.  Savion Sheyol bared his teeth, showing multiple rows of elongated fangs and two sets of jaw structures that moved independently, as if the outer set worked by locking onto its prey while the inner fangs tore a hole in the victim for the leech to feed.  
The Senator was still capable of sounding human when he tried gloating.  “You’re too late, my program is already complete.  You’ll never find all my labs or catch all the children I’ve unleashed in San Diego.”  
When blood dripped from his enemy and stained the light-colored concrete, Blackmore opened his lips and savored his quarry’s fear.  His human face contorted beneath his skin and his bones reconfigured, leaving him in a matter of seconds as much a jaguar as he was a man.  After his eyes phased into a cat’s vertical pupils, he drove his massive incisors into Sheyol’s skull.   

* * * * *

Odin followed Morbius Gahena and his secret police through the upper level lobby where closed consumer shops were facing windows that looked out upon the city.  As the sun dipped out of sight and a dull darkness swept over Los Angeles, Morbius hurried to the escalators to reach the OIS helipad on the roof of the Convention Center.  He stopped in his tracks when he saw Maia at the top of the stairs with the formidable Arcturus Andarta II, the son to the King of the otherwise extinct Berzerker Tribe of bears.  As he snuck up behind the Director, Odin discarded the OIS helmet masking his identity and collected his Rapture glove and rail-rifle from behind a pedestrian bench.
“Have you come to let me take you into custody?” Morbius mocked, though he was looking for his escape.
“This is the reckoning you sought to avoid,” Odin replied.  “The beginning of the end for your kind...”
“So with the Prince and a tribal female you hope to bring down a god?  There are others, you should know this already.”
The ex-Director nodded.  “My soldiers are loyal to the cause.  Right now, your allies are discovering how much.”
“It’s too late,” Gahena replied.  “The Senator’s program has been finished for a month and the new generation of vampires has already been released.  The disease of my existence is now infectious and soon the world will be free.”
The imposing mountain of the son of Arcturus Andarta stood at the top of the escalators when he let his robe fall.  With a face that pulled forward into the muzzle of a polar bear, and while using his heavy frame to block the OIS agents from interfering, he threw his weight against the armored men and Maia followed him into battle, removing the first officer’s head with her short sword.  
Luckily with all the restrictions at the conference, the enemy was only armed with non-lethal tech like shock-knives and the Hammer glove, and with the voltage maxed on their electric blades Maia parried their strikes with bright fragments of light bouncing off her sword.  As she tried to reach Morbius, BlackJack got in her way and materialized his electro-static rods, which broke her blade when he blocked her attack.
Odin raised his rifle at Gahena, but when he pulled the trigger the Director was fast enough to dodge.  He kept pumping rail-fire while the lithe vampire used a punctured guard as a shield, and with a blur of movement he threw the ex-Director against the wall and kicked his gun away.  In a blink Morbius was standing over him with dark hair framing his ashen face, his eyes empty and lips dripping with saliva over teeth that protruded from his mouth and grasped for him like talons.  
As a last resort, Odin powered up his glove.  The Rapture was advanced technology that he had developed after the Hammer and it was a model not submitted to the OIS before the disbanding of Project Archangel.  After the ultrasonic generator in the palm sent micro-pulses through his fingers, he pushed it against Gahena’s chest and the expansion of energy blinded them both.  The vampire fell to his knees with a dense scream buried in his lungs and he held his ribs as they smoked beneath his skin. 
The OIS agents were contending with the giant polar bear who was hacking into them relentlessly and anyone close enough to zap the beast with a shock-knife was quickly torn apart.  After Maia landed a hard kick that sent BlackJack rolling across the polished floor, she attacked with her fractured sword before he threw her against the window, cracking the glass that was held in place by layers of bomb-proof plastic coating. 
When Azmodeus lifted one of his static-rods to bludgeon her, she raised her jagged metal in defense and the edge caught him above the gauntlet that channeled his MetaHuman power.  As it sliced through bone and cut off his arm, a muffled yell came from BlackJack’s helmet and he raised his chin-guard accidentally.  With the weak spot in his armor exposed, Maia slashed through his throat and caught Azmodeus across the jugular, laying him out on the floor with blood gushing from the wound.  A piece of his helmet split off with her attack, revealing his gaping mouth in a silent scream as he bled to death.  
Odin’s vision returned after Morbius recovered from the supposedly lethal power of the Rapture glove and grabbed his wrist, breaking it easily.  The ex-Director reached for a backup pistol with his free hand and shot the Anomaly in the face, but after emptying his clip, Gahena was barely scratched.  He opened his multiple jaws wide and sank his teeth into the human’s arm like a delicacy.
Maia saw Arcturus being pounded by OIS troops, who were using their Hammer gloves to amplify punches to his body, dashing in from behind and surrounding him with constant attacks to wear him down.  While the large polar bear held a terrified soldier between his teeth by the man’s head, the last of the Berzerkers was slowly being beaten to death.  Maia looked to Odin, who nodded that he was defeated even if Morbius seemed intent on keeping him alive, and when the security agents turned their attention to her she ran to the emergency exit.

* * * * *

Kyle Arkane junior entered the unregulated districts of the Flesh Scene a few blocks west of the Convention Center with Lord Yazzatas and the Neurians in human form.  They had been battling Anomalies like Lucerian for decades and according to the Doc, all the mistakes in Senator Sheyol’s genetic program had been given to the Black Market warlord to help secure the underground.  With cheap medulla-based implants in their brains, the mutations could be easily controlled, but since they were so utterly misshapen they had to stay hidden from public view.  
The government kept the overall morality of its citizens in check but the unregulated districts were magnets for the dregs of society, only segregated from normal life so as not to poison the Business District nearby and the economic life-blood of the entire city.  Lucerian Damacene had a grip on the market and in contrast to the stark sterility of computerized life, the synth-drugs he sold kept the Vice Squads busy and with his mindlessly grotesque enforcers he was the undisputed alpha of the entire district.  After the warlord vampire settled into a lounge called The Blood Club he became the target for a surgical strike, and it was then that Odin contacted Lord Yazzatas to persuade him to consider a new strategy.  
The Flesh Scene abounded with neon signs as patrons wandered from bar to bar, indulging in illegal trades between.  The genetic mistakes were likely to be more active after dark but the Doc was forced to wait to give the order to attack until the sun almost set.  From his mobile logistics center he mapped out a strategy of attack with the Neurians spread across both sides of the street, wearing heavy robes and avoiding the biomechs and flesh addicts who loitered the filthy slums.  
Arkane stopped at the padded red doors of The Blood Club hangout for vampires and low-lives enamored by a lust they thought was unique.  Synthetic drugs were given in the drinks being served and the bartenders gave cups of blood to Anomalies known throughout the district.  Lucerian Damacene had tastes similar to Bishop Constantus, but he was a realist instead of a self-deluded psychopath and the evil he created was never more than he could sustain.  After so many vampires went on killing sprees that got them reeled in by Special Police Strike Teams, the new generation of Anomalies at least understood how to hide for self-preservation, with bigger plans and deeper corruption in mind.  The Neurians stayed back until Kyle went into the club and ordered a drink at the bar, and since he was a stranger he got an alcoholic beverage with nothing added.  
Lasers accentuated the colorful lights with a dazzling show and the music pounded the walls with excessive bass.  Lucerian was the kind of monster who didn’t want to hide, so he kept loyal mercenaries near him as he lounged in a booth at the back of the room decorated in shades of red.  He had a round face and barrel chest which he strutted like a rooster and he was seated with attractive females in tight dresses.  Some were artificial, just pretty androids meant to overflow his adoration as eye-candy and gratify Lucerian’s ego.  
As the man laughed and cavorted with the flirtatious women, the Neurians in dark robes came in one by one, taking position throughout the dancehall with the synchronous lights and music.  After trading a glare with Lord Yazzatas, the warlord Damacene became acutely aware of the ambush and started pushing the girls away.  Kyle kept his fists behind him where he stood at the bar, hoping that his glowing palms weren’t visible until he lifted his smoking hands into the air.  With fire rising from his fingertips, he threw an invisible blast-wave down the middle of the dance floor and a crevice broke between the partygoers and the table in front of Lucerian before punching a hole through the back wall.  The patrons dispersed in full panic to avoid the violence and pushed passed the mercenaries who came to protect their paycheck.  
In a flash the Nuerians dropped their human appearance, bursting at the seams into giant werewolves, and as they united to attack Damacene he spit intimidation through clenched teeth while watching them rake through his guards and leave body parts dangling.  When the warlord tried to flee, Arkane cornered the fleeing vampire and hit him with an invisible force that propelled him through the hole in the foundation.  He followed Damacene into the alleyway where he was crawling from the debris feigning weakness, but with speed that revealed his lack of an internal skeleton, Lucerian slithered to his feet and shoved Kyle against the brick building before he could react.  With his toes barely scraping the ground, warm blood was dripping down the back of his skull and his enemy relished the sight with intense thirst.  
While reflections from the street-signs disoriented him with blinding colors, Arkane was close to losing consciousness when Lord Yazzatas and his werewolves arrived to help.  Lucerian called out in a foreign language and from the shadows came the deformed genetic mistakes from Senator Sheyol’s labs in San Diego.  Delivered from the leftover waste of his Yeti bodyguards, the lopsided creations with disproportionate limbs had vacant stares until a word from their master.  With their simple command-chips Damacene’s voice became their god, and as the mutations swarmed the Neurians in the confined alley, Kyle focused the energy from his palms against the building behind him, pushing his anger into the structure as the bricks trembled and cracked.  
With the mindless freaks drooling and grasping for the Therianthropes with redirected aggression and mechanical movement, Arkane yelled for the wolves to run and Lord Yazzatas left the battle with his pack.  Lucerian no longer appeared to be human, with his sticky flesh revealed after his wig fell from a forehead jutting up into a dome where numerous sets of eyes continued along his skull, over the top of his head, and down the back of his neck.  
Kyle tightened his fists as the wall collapsed around them, crushing the deformed creatures with a violent quake that brought the Flesh Market to rubble along with the warlord who controlled it.

* * * * *

An entire section of the unregulated districts had been leveled and the Perpetual News Station was blaring in the mobile logistics center when the Doc pulled up in their transport at the pre-designated gathering spot.  
“Where’s everyone else?” asked Arkane, seeing Maia and Solas already inside but noticing that Odin was missing.
“This is everyone,” the Doc replied and drove them to the nearest freeway.  “What happened to Lord Yazzatas?” 
“He escaped with the Neurians,” said Kyle.
“Here it is,” Blackmore remarked, and the Doc allowed the pilot-droid to take over as he joined the others in the back.  
The news anchor was a cute blonde female without augmentation and she stated the date of the telecast as November -5, 2263 when she began her breaking report.  She gave a quick introduction to the nature of the story before turning the broadcast over to a camera in the Office of International Security.  In his leather clothes, pacing with anticipation in the background, Morbius Gahena appeared victorious as he stood over a man tied to a chair with a garbage bag over his head.  
The Anomaly was acting the role of a human diplomat well enough to fool the viewing audience while he read from the list of crimes of the reputed terrorist, citing the captured man as the mastermind behind numerous anti-social atrocities.  The Director included an inflated number of his personal OIS bodyguards who had been killed, along with the destruction of an off-site information warehouse and the assassination of War Department Chief Vincent Fisk.  Morbius even cited the attack at the international conference and the death of Senator Savion Sheyol before he removed the bag from Odin’s head, revealing that he had already been extensively tortured for the whereabouts of his accomplices.  
The enemy of the state looked into the camera with his human and bionic eyes, but there was no sympathy asked for when his punishment was declared.  Morbius made a final comment that Odin was the worst kind of traitor before he put a pistol to the ex-Director and shot him in the head.  

* * * * *

While the Doc sat in stunned silence, everyone was catatonic during the drive to the outskirts of Los Angeles.  They stopped on a gravel path leading into the forest and Solas and Maia stepped out to begin the journey back to their tribe and the threat of the unknown virus plaguing the wasteland.  
Before he left, Blackmore tried to console the Doc by saying, “I am sorry for your friend, but every soul that deserves Paradise will find it.”  After the tribal warriors were gone, the Doc ordered the pilot-droid to take them back into the city as he sat by the window, staring into the empty sky.
“So what now?” Arkane wondered.
“There’s too much work left to accomplish without a leader,” replied the scientist.  “The Senator’s genetic labs in San Diego must be destroyed and according to our audio-logs during the mission, both he and Morbius boasted that their eugenics programs were successful.  If they created a viral and communicable version of vampirism, every outbreak will need to be quarantined and eradicated.”
“Are we going to let them get away with this?”
“I don’t know, what can we do?” 

* * * * *

Morbius Gahena was standing in his office near a display screen, running through the affairs of the Office of International Security with newfound passion.  He was beaming from the night’s events with Odin’s body still seated in the chair in which he had been executed.  The Director was assessing new business when he heard a metallic shudder and the communications system died along with his emergency countermeasures.  
When the lights on the top floor of the OIS shorted out, the Director’s office was left glowing with emergency lamps in the impenetrable darkness.  Morbius was trying to queue security when someone walked through the shadows and revealed himself at the glass doors.  Kyle Arkane walked in with a look of defeat as absolute as the cold death of Odin himself, even if there was a spark of motivation for the war that Morbius assumed was over.
“What is this?” the Director asked, referring to the electrical interference.
“It’s called the Orb of Zeus,” said Kyle.  “Lightning from the gods.”
“I thought what was left of Odin’s little terrorist group would scatter into the wind after his execution.  I was planning on taking a vacation before chasing you all down like rats.”
“Barely anyone is left after tonight and none of us have families.  I decided to bring the war to you.”
“And why is that?” asked the vampire.
“To thank you,” Arkane replied without emotion.  “I was buried by so much pain and loss, I was angry and I couldn’t bring that demon out of me to be resolved.  The past was eating me alive the way Anomalies once ate my father, but when you killed Odin you broke down that wall.  You reminded me who I’m supposed to be and how I can use my gift for a righteous cause.  I can’t create anything in this world and I thought this was a tragedy, but now I understand how I can contribute with destruction, I just have to be certain of the enemy and now it’s perfectly clear.”
Morbius shrugged.  “My infection is spreading through this city as we speak.  Normal people are becoming like me and will be eating innocents alive for decades to come.  Humanity will be the biggest banquet ever served and you will know that the end is coming long before you taste extinction.”
“There have always been greedy monsters who take what they want from us as our government, but their evil is minimal and can be amended by the justice of true lawmen.  This, however, cannot be allowed to stand.”  Kyle gestured to Odin’s corpse and said, “The disease of your existence will perish and you will be forgotten in the scheme of things, a minor anomaly in the course of time.”
“So what’s your plan?”  
“Odin’s advice was for me to let it all go, so I will release my anger and deliver it to you.  I will bring this place down and they can rebuild it without your cancerous infection.”
“How did you get in here anyway?” the Director taunted.  
“Odin had a secret escape tunnel built.  He also showed me where the load bearing columns are because he had faith that I would eventually wake up and know what I had to do.”
Gahena circled his desk.  “Then do it already, bring me the wrath of Odin and we’ll see if it’s enough to destroy a god!”
When Kyle held out his palms, the windows of the office shattered and the Director growled as the entire building began to sway.  After the emergency lights shut off, the intermittent flash of the ruptured fixtures revealed the beast of Morbius Gahena with long teeth shimmering in the artificial light, his eyes wide with the growing fear that he had drastically underestimated his enemy.

* * * * *

The Doc waited hesitantly in the transport near the access door to the infiltration tunnel when he felt the earth move and looked up to see the entire OIS skyscraper tilting from side to side.  With a final quake the Office of International Security imploded in a vertical fall, crushed under its own weight as the demolition sent clouds of dust wafting through the streets downtown.  
He was yelling a war-cry in the mobile logistics center with bright elation when Kyle stepped outside and climbed into the transport.  The Doc ordered the pilot-droid to take them to San Diego and they pulled away from the midnight chaos that was bringing Los Angeles awake.  In the rubble and refuse of the intense destruction, Odin would be given his hero’s burial by the freedom fighters who respected him as a martyr of the war to come.  
Kyle and the Doc reached the freeway and headed south with plans to recruit and bring hell upon whatever remained of the Senator’s eugenics labs.






