PHYSIC
P1G1

Eric Nabity



Published by Entangled Continua Publishing at Smashwords

Copyright 2014 Eric Nabity


Discover other titles by Eric Nabity at https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/katenab


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.



Acknowledgements

Thank you to Folly (Abby), John/Herman, the many Mister Steves, and all the rest that put up with Ysenof. You know who you are.
Also, thanks to Nicole George, Tyler Boddie, and James Tolar for reading a nowhere near ready version of PHYSIC and giving helpful feedback.


About the Cover:

Image of a fluorescent dyed astrocyte in culture taken by Karin Pierre, Institut de Physiologie, UNIL, Lausanne. The green dye is the astrocyte. The blue is the nuclei of nearby cells in the culture.


Disclaimer

PHYSIC is a work of fiction set in an alternate version of the real world. As such, many organizations, places, and people are part of the setting. None of the events depicted actually occurred. The depictions serve to tell a story and do not necessarily reflect the author's opinions or reality.

PHYSIC
P1G1.Start
1_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"Suspected Arson at Mesa Walmart"
by Tatianne Hiker

Five sustained serious burns in a fire as shoppers and employees were forced to evacuate the Walmart Supercenter at Riverview Mall in Mesa Tuesday morning. Witnesses say the automotive aisle burst into flames with no apparent cause.
"The whole thing went up like the Fourth of July," said witness Jorge Rosales. "It was exactly like being in one of those big budget action films."
Abby Skipper was in the aisle where the fire started and had some very interesting things to say about the events. "I was in the belly of the bomb-belching beast of Machiavelli! There I spied the ogre of origin from a vanguard viewing position. The pyromaniacal plot was intended to reprimand my friend for an offense without pretense! The splendid citizens of the sunny sans-summit should sleep serenely recognizing and cognitizing that Mr. Clark will catch the crazy criminal before a reprising of his cuckoo cauterizing and surprising."
Fire Chief Ray Harbeck commented that the pyrotechnics were probably greatly exaggerated. The Mesa fire department had little trouble containing the fire, and despite panicked shoppers, no one else was seriously injured during the evacuation.
Also at the scene was FBI Special Agent John Clark. Agent Clark declined to comment about whether the FBI considered this fire to be part of an unstable individual's plot for revenge.
No trace of accelerant was found according to Chief Harbeck, but he noted that some of the petroleum products in the aisle may have been used to initiate a small explosive reaction sufficient to alarm witnesses. The resulting fire did significant damage to the automotive department.
In a statement, Walmart General Manager Lucia Hernandez said, "Work will continue around the clock to reopen our store quickly in order to minimize inconvenience to our valued customers."

1_epigraph.End
1.Start

I particularly dislike going to Walmart.
This is not because the stores are dirty or bad or I do not like the people there. Walmart is intrinsically a perfectly fine chain of department stores. My problem is that there are too many people. How anyone is actually able to concentrate on their shopping while dodging all of the people clogging the aisles is beyond me. It is not beyond my mom, because she insists on shopping there. I only went along on this particular occasion to make sure she bought the right food.
It was a good thing that I was in that Walmart when I was. No, I did not stop the explosion. I did not save the day or defeat the bad guy or impress the girl, but I did meet the people that started me down the path to these things, at least to the first two.
When my mom shops for clothes or stuff for the house, I get bored and wander off to the automotive or home improvement departments. Those are the places with the most interesting chemicals to play with. I do not mess with drugs or hygiene products, because it is too easy to accidentally harm the human body with a slightly modified chemical.
Now, you may be wondering why I am talking about modifying chemicals. I do not carry a chemistry set around with me. I have something much better. I am a physic.
If you do not know what a physic is, that is because I coined the term and have not had the chance to tell you what it means. I can command the form of the universe; at least the parts which are important, by which I mean the portion that is proximal to me. Matter and energy are merely information, and I see and understand the nuances of the code. This allows me to change what I have into something better when I want. Of course, it is not that simple, otherwise I would have an unlimited supply of what I want and this story would not be that interesting.
The same rules that apply to regular engineers apply to a physic. First, you can not make something from nothing. Our environment is rich in matter and energy, so that is the easy part. The most difficult part is understanding what you have. Most materials can be penetrated by some sort of electromagnetic energy. It is not even that hard to get electromagnetic waves to spontaneously interact with a material they are passing through. What makes the process difficult is that there are significant limits to how well small particles like atoms can be located, and their current state measured.
One might think that energy is all around us. Room temperature is approximately three hundred degrees centigrade above absolute zero. There is a lot of energy in an area that is room temperature. All of that energy is not readily available. To do the work of transforming matter, that energy needs to be in the right place at the right time. This is difficult to do when the energy wants to disperse the moment you corral it. The kicker is that you do not completely understand what you have, so the process becomes a game of controlling a small environment so it becomes highly probable that what you want to happen, happens. That is the gist of physic alchemy.
This brings us back to Walmart and the automotive center. When performing a chemical analysis on an oil additive, for example, I like to pour the chemical out of the container and over my fingers. This allows me to get a better sense of the chemical structure and mechanical properties. Considering that many chemicals are toxic, it might not seem to be a good idea to haphazardly pour them over my fingers. Fortunately, I am a physic who can bend physics to his will. I can see or anticipate what is incoming and produce a shield from molecular and electromagnetic phenomena to protect my fingers. Actually, it is the material interacting with my shield that makes it easier for me to detect subtle quantum properties quickly across a multitude of particles. Since you probably can not produce a shield to protect you, do not pour chemicals over your fingers at home. Some of them might hurt you.
Do not pour out chemicals at Walmart either. Discount stores frown on customers testing chemicals on their premises, something I learned as a kid. As a result, I now only touch the container the chemical is packaged in. I long ago analyzed just about every interesting chemical carried at Walmart because, you guessed it, my mom has an incredible capacity for boring stuff.
Oil additives in particular have long been interesting to me because they promise so much and deliver so little. They are mostly no better than regular oil, and some are far worse, destructive to an engine they are poured into. All of my time in automotive aisles has led me to develop my own miracle lubricant. I invented a cocktail of molecules that lubricates extremely well. It is resilient to phase change or chemical reaction at high temperature, and to low-temperature congealing. It even has a limited capacity to repair itself in the rare event that chemical dissociation occurs. I could tell you what my special formulation is, but then I would have to Jell-O your brain to make sure that you do not remember it.
I got you. While I could transmute your brain into a tasty dessert if you visited me and did not move around too much, it would be unnecessary. That is because the formula is a physic one rather than a chemical one, so you would not understand it. It is a trade secret, like how I make darmstadtium 294, and it will stay that way until someone gets a sample and reverse engineers it.
I forgot to mention darmstadtium 294, which is an oversight, since it is really important. Not only was it the most complex thing I had made at this particular time, but it was a very important piece of the physic puzzle. I merely was not aware of the significance.
Being physic, I can make extremely dense elements that physicists who publish in scientific journals have not yet managed to make. All isomers of darmstadtium are unstable and emit protons and neutrons as they degrade into hassium. That hassium degrades into many more unstable elements before probably settling in as a relatively stable isotope of uranium or thorium. You can not go into a mine and find darmstadtium, or hassium. All of the darmstadtium that was present during the formation of the Earth deteriorated a long time ago.
Physicists synthesize these heavy transition metals by smashing atoms together at very high speed. Currently, they can not produce the most stable isotopes of darmstadtium because their products do not have enough neutrons. I know this because I have made darmstadtium 294, and it has a half-life of around ten million years. It is safe to handle and very interesting due to its extreme density. Making darmstadtium 294 was not trivial, even for me. Packing 184 neutrons into a nucleus with 110 protons in precisely the right way to make it hold together is no picnic.
We should get back to oil additives, which are more germane as well as much easier to make than darmstadtium 294. Though additives are easier to make, I did accidentally melt a few plastic bottles during testing. For some reason, the automotive department guy did not understand that you have to melt a few plastic bottles to make a revolutionary engine lubricant. My mom and I do not go to that store anymore, which is fine because it was not very nice anyway.
What I learned from the oil additive business is that the hard part is not making a good product. It is harder to actually get someone to buy it. Even when it is superior in every way, people would rather buy a marginally useful or dangerous product from the other guys instead of a quality product from me. Also, it turns out that discount stores do not like it when you set up an oil additive stand outside their store. I gave up the lubricant business since it is much easier to make a living in rare elements.
The easiest way to make money is in platinum. Not only is it relatively easy to make, but it is valuable and people ask fewer questions about it than about darmstadtium 294. I would tell you more about platinum and how the alchemists of old were wrong about transmuting lead to gold, but first I should finish my story about that day at Walmart.
I still spend time in the automotive aisle at Walmart, which was exactly what I was doing on this particular day. No new product had caught my interest, so I was transforming the inferior oil additives into my special formula. I indirectly told you that this revolutionary formula has no patents. That is because it is harder to get a patent than to get people to buy your oil additive at a stand outside of a Walmart. Instead, I exclusively keep my tricks of the trade confidential, which is considerably easier. Secrets do not require thousands of dollars in submission fees or a mountain of paperwork. Do not get me started on submission fees. Not only does the USPTO want my money, so do the scientific journals that will not publish my Nobel worthy papers in physics.
As I was saying, I was transforming oil additives into my secret formula because my mom was bra shopping. While I was improving the life of people's engines, one bottle at a time, I was interrupted. A guy got too close to my leg and fell flat on the ground in front of me.
This happens when people get too near to me. It was not the first incident on this shopping trip. I am very sensitive to dangerous interactions, and change my environment in anticipation. This means that, without thinking, I adjusted the protective molecular field I maintain around myself, the same one I mentioned earlier. The reaction is habit, so the field is always there and always changing.
This guy fell afoul of my shield and gracelessly flopped on the ground. It was not enough to distract me by itself, but the question from the gaudily dressed short woman enthusiastically talking too loudly from down the aisle was sufficient to spoil my concentration.
"Have you perchance peeped a pretty pink pine potpourri?"
This collage of alliteration set me to wonder what she was asking. It didn't slow down the guy that was getting up off of the floor, though. He responded almost immediately.
"Piss off girlie before I set your hair on fire."
"Put a plug in the payback pyro-putz. Ridiculously rageful retribution rights no wrongs!"
I did not have time to puzzle over the strange debate between the clumsy guy and the obnoxious woman who was also running away from us as she yelled at the man. That was when the physics went wrong. The additive I had been working on heated up and was going to burst from the bottle and combust.
I could tell what was happening, because I could see that the electromagnetic (blackbody) radiation emanating from the oil was becoming more energetic. Also, I could feel all of the atoms and molecules vibrating more vigorously. I was not sensing these things with my eyes and fingers. As my physic senses gathered more information, the abstract spatial construct that I had in my head shifted to represent the changing state of the motor oil.
The threat of a quickly heating bottle of oil was threefold. Pressure was building up inside of the bottle from the faster vibrating matter inside of it. The increased temperature was causing the bonds holding the plastic monomers together as polymers to weaken, which would cause the bottle to breach. Then, if the oil was warm enough, it would undergo an oxidative reaction with the air, which would release more energy, manifesting as fire.
My automatic reaction to the rapidly worsening situation was defense. My physic granules were shaping the molecules around me to deflect incoming energy. Streams of different density air would diffract dangerous electromagnetic radiation. Vacuums would resist heat transfer and attract expanding gas, while higher pressure regions would push projectiles of all sizes away. All of these measures would collaborate to maintain my safety.
My conscious strategy for preventing the impending conflagration was simple. I would transform the hydrocarbons into something that does not burn, like silicon. Silicon actually does change phase from solid to liquid or gas, but at a decidedly higher temperature than motor oil ignites.
Fortunately, the alkenes found in motor oil are well-balanced to produce silicon. Alkenes are carbon chains with a single double carbon bond, a configuration that ensures there are exactly twice as many hydrogen atoms as carbon. Silicon's atomic weight is twice that of carbon plus four. It takes two carbons and four hydrogens to make a silicon atom. That meant no leftover hydrogen or carbon to make trouble.
It also took quite a lot of energy, but the sudden increase in heat was providing a lot of the useable energy that I needed with large localized spikes throughout the oil.
Nuclear fusion is a tricky business. Not only do you need the right amount of energy, but it needs to be directed properly and the raw material, the particles, need to be arranged appropriately. In this particular case, the problem was complicated by the need for some of the electrons and protons to merge to make neutrons, a process called electron capture. It had to occur in half of the hydrogen atoms to achieve the proton-neutron balance in the stable isotope, silicon 28.
My first step might seem a bit counter-intuitive. I added more energy to the system by oxidizing some of the alkenes. Done the right way, the heat energy building up in the oil could initiate the necessary fusion reactions in the ionized atoms. This cannot be done precisely, because it is impossible to know exactly the location and configuration of every atom. Instead, it requires a sequence of actions that control the environment so that the desired outcome becomes more easily induced. The fusion events began to trickle as some atoms happened to be in the correct state at the right time. Eventually, I would cycle the environment through the proper states to fuse most of the motor oil into silicon.
This was essentially what was happening, but really was not how I experienced the process. My view is abstracted from the nitty-gritty of the physics. It is similar to the process of telling your arm to move. Your intent is pretty simple, have the arm move. You do not direct every last neuron to fire and muscle fiber to contract. Most of the activity occurs without you thinking about it.
Transmuting motor oil to silicon in a closed container will not cause an explosion. This is because silicon is the essential element in rock and sand. It is dense, appreciably denser than motor oil. What it did do was help offset the pressure increase from the expanding oil in the container. I was doing the fusion as fast as I could, but I had a slow start and was losing the race against the bubbling oil. The plastic container's cap gave out and the amalgam of hot silicon grains and gasifying oil exploded into my face.
Then the physics got worse. The contents of all the petroleum products near me heated and erupted in flames. The Walmart was not in a Hollywood movie, so there should not have been an explosion. Somehow, there was, and it got awfully hot. Fortunately, I am a physic and petroleum products not designed to burn quickly, even when they uncharacteristically blow up, are a lot easier to deal with than the alpha radiation from bargain bin darmstadtium. I bet you were not so sure that I liked playing with radioactive materials when I said so earlier. Now, you have to believe me since you know I am flame retardant too.
After the oil near me blew up, I realized the only explanation was that there was another physic in the area. I wanted to meet them, so I could turn their brain into Jell-O.
I am not kidding this time. It is not okay to create explosions in a crowded discount store.
I performed my subsequent feats of physic derring-do under the most trying of circumstances. There was a high pitched squealing all around, assaulting my ears. Then, there were the noxious fumes from the burning petroleum products obscuring my vision and blocking my access to oxygen. Not only did I have to fend off fumes and flames, but I had to find my way out of the wrecked automotive aisle. I would have been blind if I were not a physic that can sense electromagnetic waves in the infrared spectrum. In this particular case, infrared light was a spectrum that the smoke was rather transparent to and was useful for navigating the area. I avoided the highest intensity near infrared light sources, which were mostly the burning products in the wreckage of the shelves.
As I got near the end of the aisle, I saw two cooler sources of blackbody radiation, one larger, the other smaller. I surmised it was the annoyingly alliterative woman helping a fat guy. As I charged to help get him out of the aisle, I had to adjust my shield to increase the friction between us when we collided. Otherwise, I would have simply slid off of him, transferring only a small portion of my correctly directed momentum to him.
As the three of us emerged from the thickest smoke, we encountered Special Agent John Clark for the first time. I did not know he was a Special Agent in the FBI at that moment. It is not like G-Men walk around with their Department of Justice agency acronym tattooed on their foreheads. Although, I imagine some people would appreciate it if they did.
John burst out of the burning area from a parallel aisle with a screaming kid in his arms. I do not like screamers and unruly people, so I headed for the women's undergarments section of the store to find my mom. If that does not make you understand how much I did not like the situation in the automotive department, then I do not know what else to say about the matter.
I usually wait for my mom in the automotive aisle because she is decidedly difficult to find when she is shopping. She could be anywhere and usually is. I despise searching haystacks for needles, and soon regretted leaving the vicinity of the automotive department. I just had to get away from all of those erratic people, especially the screamers.
"You look like Little Bo Peep, or maybe you're her sheep!"
A perky short woman in a bright outfit told me this as she stood way too close to me. It took me a moment to realize she was the same woman from the automotive department. Seeing her made me wonder about the strange conversation where she seemed to know there was a pyromaniac in our midst before I did.
"I'm seriously satisfied that Sir Psycho Sizzler didn't sear your smiler silly! Are you lost in space or simply in a race to find some one or thing or place? My appellation is Abby! What's yours? I like prospecting pristine peeps and it would be hoopy to help you find the finish line of your design!"
I was uncomfortable with this Abby person since I do not like communicating with people, especially people I do not know. I also did not want her to know that I was looking for my mom. I desired to avoid the embarrassment even though I had surmised that she would probably be better at finding my mom than I. Strangely, I still felt a compulsion to communicate with her and introduce myself. I got out a phone and began to type a message for her to read.
"Hello. My name is Ysenof M. Martyn. It is pronounced Eisen-off, like Eisenhower and Isengard..."
Before I showed her the screen, she responded as though she had heard things I had not typed yet.
"Ysenof, I'll certainly sign up to soothe your mamma trauma. You think she was seeking an over the shoulder boulder holder? Well, let's get going to the girly-goods hood. We'll be hot to trot on your drama mamma's trail, and her unknown grail, unveil!"
There was definitely something going on. I began to wonder if there was a physic convention at Walmart that I did not know about. I suspected that I had encountered possibly two physica in one day after not remembering a single encounter in over twenty-eight years. It made me wonder if I was experiencing a coincidence or if there was a mechanism, like the aforementioned convention, that was not evident.
This Abby person did not give me a chance to dwell on the cause of our unusual meeting. She grabbed me by the arm and tried to drag me with her to the women's clothing department. I had to adjust my shield to make sure she did not simply slide off. I do not like people grabbing on me, but decided to let her have her way. I did not want to search for my mom by myself.
"Excuse me you two. You left the automotive department in a rush that makes me suspicious of your relationship with the fire. I'm quite sure you didn't start it, but you're witnesses and I need you to tell me what you saw."
"There was a fire pyre! It wasn't merely a common campfire-grade conflagration, it was a full-blown blazing flame-fest, a hellfire hot jalapeno! It's really revved the restless natives so they're riled up and rambunctious!"
"I know that already, I was there."
"Well, who're you to interrupt our investigation of Ysenof's mom emergency, in a fearsome firebomb insurgency?!"
At this point, it was becoming quite evident to me that Abby was rather eccentric in her communication. My expectation of a serious FBI Special Agent like John was that he wouldn't tolerate her frivolous verbosity. I was wrong though. Almost always, he responded to her in a serious manner and seldom asked her to stop talking the way she did. I can only guess that he had dealt with enough strange people to know that it would not do any good.
"I'm Special Agent John Clark with the FBI, and I genuinely need to get some questions answered. There is a very dangerous arsonist at large."
"You're a Special Agent? I'd be such a stupendous Special Agent. I'd say: Special Agent Abby Skipper of the FBI! Put your pernicious pinkies up where I can properly peep them!"
Whenever Abby announced that she was associated with the FBI, she would brandish something, even if it was only her hand. On this occasion, she brandished her pocketbook. I suppose she thought it would look like FBI identification. John attempted, not for the last time, to ignore Abby. It is not something which has worked yet.
"What happened to start that fire and why did you leave the area after I told you to give me your information?"
Before answering, Abby scrutinized me in the same way that she had when I had typed on my phone earlier. I have tried to do it myself a number of times. Intercepting what is going on in someone's head or an electromagnetic signal transmitted to carry information is not all that difficult if you are a physic with the correct skills. The difficult part is demodulation, which is translating the raw data into something that has meaning. Whether it is the English language in a neural network or E-UTRA in an LTE cellular signal, the content needs to be translated from the raw carrier. Abby is a natural born modulator and demodulator. She constantly talks for herself and others. She does it very quickly and, sometimes, quite eloquently.
"We were striving and contriving to avidly avoid the psychos that were screaming and the bright blazing and stinky steaming. Do you scrupulously surmise that sapients should stop and wait when you whisper your wishes in a cacophony of crazy?"
"Never mind that. Did you see who started the fire and how they did it?"
"A man ran right into Ysenof's hammy and fell to the floor a bit before the first fire flared and the oil on which Ysenof was toiling burst and dispersed into the air! It was a sincerely scary display and I was an aisle away! I'd have been scurrying and screaming if I had smooched that sludge a-streaming!"
"First fire? In his hands?"
"He tried to be tricky and synthesize silicon sludge, but it fiendishly flew into his face. Then, in the second show did the aisle blow, biff, bam, kablooey, half way to Mexico!"
"Wait a minute, let's slow down here. This is quickly becoming a conversation that I don't think is appropriate for the women's department in a Walmart that is burning down."
"You're absolutely accurate, Mr. Clark. We need a place of privacy, a confidentiality kingdom with fewer flammables frying and trying to crispy critter co-conspirators!"
Abby proceeded to do what she does when she is excited, which seems to be almost all of the time. She swung into action and talked a mile a minute. In this case, she led the way to the exit, which was clogged by people still trying to get out of the building.
"Attention, waddling Walmartizens! Step up your slothful shuffling and stop impeding this FBI investigation! Either expedite your exit or slide to the side as the Special Agent seeks a sinister arson sneak as we speak!"
I do not think Abby's proclamation did much to get us out of the building faster. It probably only slowed people down as they all gawked at the FBI agent. John took us to his car where we could talk in private about sensitive physic matters.
"What I'm going to say here is classified information. You can't repeat it to anyone else, no matter what their clearance or position is, not in the office at the FBI, not even to the director of the FBI himself. You don't say anything about any of this to anyone without my permission. Got it?"
"I've caught the thought! I can keep super top secret classified correspondence confidential. I'm not known as Abby Miss Confidentiality Skipper because I'm a loose-lipper! Oh, and Ysenof isn't an issue either. He doesn't tell tales or divulge details. His silence is certain, because his lips are always zipped!"
"Fine. It seems that you two already understand the importance of keeping what you can do to yourselves. However, you need to brief me on the extent of your abilities. For example, I track people. I've been tracking this serial arsonist across crimes that no one else has linked together. The fires have all been different, and he is good at setting them without being noticed. But I know they are all his. When I'm tracking a specific person, I get this gut feeling that they are the right one. With this guy, though, there is something different. He stands out, and it appears from your account that he can make things burn spontaneously.
"You, Abby, seem to be able to tell what people are thinking. That is the only way I can explain how you're seeming to verify facts with Ysenof. Clearly, there is something special about Ysenof if he can have burning oil explode in his face and not get burned. What I need to know is what Ysenof can do and I need more specific details about this arsonist to help limit my search."
"You're an Abby seeking missile, Mr. Clark! I perceive what people are postulating. Before they say it, I suss it! Ysenof is an irregularity, a mumbled message mangler. He's hella hard to understand and comprehend. He should study to elevate his elocution.
"Also, Ysenof asserts an ability to bend and befriend particles and power. He says everything is information and he can change dust into diamonds! He tried to end the explosions, but they rose rapidly when he wasn't ready. He wasn't hurt because he happens to have devious defenses against destructive dangers! Ysenof itched to protect the periled people from the pyrotechnics and would have won if he had fathomed that he faced a fellow physic."
"Fellow physic?"
"It's Ysenof's identifier for intellects with improved instruments for interacting, individuals like us! We could say we're psychic, but Ysenof loathes that label. It implies flights of fancy when we finesse physics! We're not mere mumbo-jumbo jokers. We're seriously swanky supercharged savants!"
"So, did you two see this guy or what?"
"We're fuzzy on the facial features, Mr. Clark. The punk pyro humbled my hearing with ravacious rage and Ysenof saw substances snowballing supercritical and inquisitively investigated the ignition incident. Wouldn't it be bodacious to huff and Puff the Magic Dragon like this Firestarter physic?!"
"It's too bad you didn't get a good look at him. However, at least it now makes sense. This is why the arsonist has been so hard to catch in the act. If he's causing the fires with non-conventional means, it's going to be difficult to find him, arrest him, and make it stick."
Just as the first meeting of the FBI's new physic squad was getting interesting, my mom barged into John's car. It was embarrassing, as usual, so I will skip that part. John did get our contact information so he could continue to consult with us on the case of the physic with the undiagnosed Impulse Control Disorder. John thought he suffered from Intermittent Explosive Disorder while Abby's opinion was that he was merely a pyromaniac that liked to blow things up. I simply wanted to know how he made so much material heat up so quickly and kept control of it.

1.End
2_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"Magic Monkey Vanishes from Barrow Neurological Institute"
by Tatianne Hiker

A rhesus macaque monkey belonging to the lab of Dr. Susana Martinez-Conde disappeared Wednesday night from primate housing at the Barrow Neurological Institute. BNI is a research organization, which resides at St. Joseph's hospital in downtown Phoenix.
The only evidence of the escape was damage to the latching mechanism on the cage that held the monkey. Lab and security personnel haven't figured out how the sneaky simian slipped away. The Martinez-Conde lab is well known for its collaboration with stage magicians to better understand the mechanisms of perception, so the unusual escape is apt. "Although it appears that our study somehow has taught the animal to perform a spectacular illusionary feat, it is very unlikely. This is the nature of perception. I'm sure we will discover a reasonable explanation for this event," said a member of the lab staff.
The primates at BNI are subject to regulation outlined by the Office of Animal Care and Use, a division of the National Institutes of Health. The regulations address both the physical and psychological welfare of the animals while they are being studied. BNI meets or exceeds all standards set by the OACU and maintains a program to ensure they continue to consider the welfare of the animals in all decisions they make regarding them.
Anyone that encounters a loose monkey should contact Maricopa County Animal Care and Control. Those with other information regarding the missing monkey from BNI should contact the Phoenix police.

2_epigraph.End
2.Start

There was a very substantial obstacle standing between Abby and me working for the FBI. We could potentially become privy to very sensitive information. This meant that they needed to perform a background check and interview us using a polygraph to make sure that they knew all of the sensitive details of our pasts that might be used to blackmail us.
John was more than a little nervous about us accidentally letting our physic abilities be known or us simply not getting through the interview because we were flaky. The fact that I did not speak to people, especially not to strangers, also made him concerned. I knew all of this because Abby told me more times than was necessary.
John tried to arrange it so he would give us our interviews, but that did not work out. We were going to have to get through an interview from an agent that did not know we were physic and would not be biased like John was.
What John did not know was that I had plans to make the interview go more smoothly for Abby and me. The first plan was to make sure that we would not be frequently flagged as nervous. Being a physic, I could tinker with their polygraph to make sure that high physiological responses mapped to a lower reading. I could accomplish this by putting a capacitor on the analog line that carried the readings, or I could shut off the high end of the digital output on the analog to digital converter. Either way, I would essentially be putting a lid on our physiological readings.
The second problem was to get by without having to talk. Since they might not let me go into the interview with my computer-to-brain interface on, I rigged a cellphone with a micro-electro-mechanical system (MEMS) interface. That allowed me to more easily make key presses with my physic talents. This ended up being easier than I thought it would be, and to some degree, was the basis for future enhancements to the computer-to-brain interface I regularly wore. Then, all I had to do was hope my texting magic would make the technician forget or overlook the fact that I did not say a word.
While my plan to get us through the interview was simple conceptually, it was not so in practice. I could not merely cut off all polygraph signals above a certain level. Much like it would be noticeable if someone were to cap all above average sports scores exactly to the average, a sharp cut-off in the polygraph readings would be noticeable, even to a marginally competent technician. As a result, I had to do something more complex than merely cutting off spikes in physiological readings. Further, I had to make sure the spikes I cut off were not distorted in a way that would indicate tampering.
It turned out that there was a polygraph-to-computer interface on the FBI's machine, so I targeted the analog end of the polygraph's analog-to-digital converter. It was a bit nerve-wracking to balance the resistance and capacitance on the analog input line without a test of real world data, but it could not be helped. Worse, the situation was complicated by having to do the changes on the fly. The specialized low pass filter I had created needed to be appropriate to Abby's and my different baselines.
By doing my work on the analog side of the system, I avoided creating squared cutoffs in the curve data fed to the technician's computer. While Abby was being questioned before me, I was sure they were going to notice aberrations in the output. I certainly did. Fortunately, they did not notice anything unusual other than an uncommonly clean interview. This worked with Abby, because she is so open about everything. For my interview, I decided that I would disable the filter occasionally and let some of my anxiety show on the polygraph.
One might think it would have been easier for me to simply talk rather than build an elaborate means to communicate through texting. There are easier ways to get through a security interview. The problem with that view is that not talking had become so ingrained in me. The idea of doing so was extremely uncomfortable. It is not that I could not talk. There was a time when I was a child that I did talk. The problem with talking is that it is too easy to do. For someone who has a significant barrier between what they are thinking and the words that come out, the ease of talking creates problems.
I was never very talkative, especially not around strangers. Still, that did not stop me from creating problems for myself by saying the wrong thing at the wrong time. I was not fully aware of the problem until I saw Teller the magician of Penn & Teller perform. He is a funny looking little guy, but I was struck by how his being silent added an aura of mystery to him. He did not look stupid like I often did. I decided that day to be more like Teller. Shutting up most of the time was the smartest thing I ever decided to do. When I hesitated to talk or wrote down what I wanted to say, it came out better. At some point, I do not really know when, I realized I would not talk again.
I was tempted to break my long-standing habit of being silent to get through the FBI interview, but was reassured by how it started.
"Hello, Ysenof. I'm Special Agent Angelle Forstow. I will be conducting your security interview today. Special Agent Clark has told me that you're mute and this might be an unconventional interview. How would you like to answer questions?"
I handed her my modified cell phone and waited for her to look at the screen before I typed my answer.
"Like this."
"That's a nice trick. Are you doing that through your brain interface? The Bureau needs more technical support from people like you."
At that point I was pretty sure John had set me up with a sympathetic audience and the interview went well.

2.End
3_epigraph.Start
Abby's playlist to make Ysenof sing:

"We Will Rock You" - Queen
"Abracadabra" - Steve Miller Band
"Another Brick in the Wall (Part 2)" - Pink Floyd
"YMCA" - The Village People
"You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)" - Dead or Alive
"Manic Monday" - The Bangles
"With or Without You" - U2
"Runnin' Down a Dream" - Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers
"Free Fallin'" - Tom Petty
"What's Love Got to Do with It" - Tina Turner
"I Need You Tonight" - INXS
"Love Shack" - The B-52s
"Livin' on a Prayer" - Bon Jovi
"No Rain" - Blind Melon
"Losing My Religion" - R.E.M.
"Stand" - R.E.M.
"One Headlight" - The Wallflowers
"You Oughta Know" - Alanis Morissette
"All Star" - Smash Mouth
"How You Remind Me" - Nickelback
"Get the Party Started" - Pink
"Just A Ride" - Jem
"Seven Nation Army" - The White Stripes
"Dani California" - Red Hot Chili Peppers
"Paralyzer" - Finger Eleven
"Kryptonite" - 3 Doors Down
"Only Wanna Be With You" - Hootie and the Blowfish
"Hold My Hand" - Hootie and the Blowfish

3_epigraph.End
3.Start

If I wanted to understand our intermittently explosive pyromaniac, I needed to understand what was common between him, myself, John and Abby. Comparing structures in my brain to my mom's didn't get me far. There were so many different kinds of structures that could be responsible for physic capability. It could have been large-scale structures like the configuration of a neural network or small-scale structures like variation in the proteins found in neurons or glial cells, or every other cell in the body. Between these two extremes, the possibilities were many.
It was remarkably difficult to get past the gross architectural differences between my mom's brain and mine, especially because I found it difficult to look at myself. The dendritic trees of her gray matter tended to be considerably larger than mine. That made her neurons take more space, which meant I had more individual cells, but fewer connections for each cell. I spent a whole day creating a mathematic graph representation of the connectivity of random neurons and concluded that she had a denser network with fewer nodes while I had a sparser network with more nodes. There were no hidden structures in my network that significantly varied from what I had conjectured from looking at the individual neurons. While the whole exercise was interesting, it had nothing to do with my being physic. We were way too different for me to find contrast associated with physic capability. I could not see the leaves for the forest and needed a pair of subjects that matched better. I needed either two physica with different base brain architecture or one physic and one normal person with similar brain architecture.
As I was mulling my physic source problem, I distracted myself by fashioning bullet resistant and intermittently explosive pyromaniac proof body armor. One can never have too many defensive toys when dealing with a physic menace, you know. As I was going about my business, Abby showed up at my house with brownies.
"Hi, Ysenof! Do I have a spectacular surprise for you. Brownies! They're made with fabulous free-range chicken eggs and outstanding organic veggie oil, so not only are they yummarific, but they won't blight your bod. The A-List attribute is the super-spectacular sparkle-sprinkle icing!"
I kind of like brownies, so that was alright. They are not waffles, but what is? Unfortunately, the "sparkle-sprinkles" and the frosting they came with were a toxic confection composed largely of partially hydrogenated vegetable oil. Partially hydrogenated oil is polyunsaturated vegetable oil that has been heated and exposed to hydrogen in a way that reduces the number of double carbon bonds in the molecular backbone. This process also makes the structure more stable by changing many of the remaining stationary double bonds to the alignment of lowest energy, the trans configuration. This gives the fat molecules that have undergone this process the name trans fat. This trans configuration, along with fewer double bonds, gives the oil a more viscous and chemically stable form. This stability makes trans fat less reactive, which gives it a longer shelf life before deterioration causes it to become what we recognize as rancid.
The human body is predicated upon taking in raw materials and breaking them down into specific base components in order to build specific, useful larger components. It does not react well to having these arbitrarily configured, abnormally stable substances in it. These stable trans fats are less willing to interact chemically, so they accumulate, and they are awkward, taking a loose, poorly organized form. It is like having popcorn floating through your blood, which improperly imbeds in the lining of the blood vessels. This is what LDL is, and I do not recommend it.
"I told you these were bonzo brownies, Ysenof! Aren't the sparkle-sprinkles spectacularly, stupendously scrumptious? Psychedelic satisfaction for pondering the pathologically pyromaniacal physic!"
As Abby was eating her brownie and going on about how great "sparkle-sprinkles" were, I became increasingly concerned for the welfare of her circulatory system where the little popcorn balls were probably floating as we ate. I was planning on solving the problem by changing all of my "sparkle-sprinkles" back into the less stable cis configuration, but I had Abby to worry about, and she was not waiting around for me to change hers into the cis configuration as well. I did the only thing I could do in good conscience, I burned the poison off before she ate any more of it. Next thing I knew, the brownie was on fire and in my lap. It was the perfect opportunity to test my new pyromaniac proof shirt and trousers.
"You're immolating, Ysenof! I thought you were a fire-proof physic. You claimed you were a flame drain! The intermittently explosive pyromaniacal physic failed to flame you. Shouldn't a burning brownie be banished when it bashes your anti-pyro plating?"
The problem with Abby's assessment was that she was not paying attention to me at Walmart when the automotive aisle flared up. There were flames all around me. The heat merely didn't penetrate my shield. Neither did the brownie. However, I pulled my shield in to see how well the clothing held up. It did quite well, but I already knew it would. I constantly test the new materials I invent.
"Look, Ysenof. You can hold your horses and holster that pyrokinetic prowess! I'm slaying the sparkle-sprinkles so you can stop your scorched brownie policy. You can be a prodigious party pooper, like a storm trooper!"
At this point, I had moved on from Abby's brownies and their toxic topping. I had access to Abby and wanted to analyze her brain rather than her "sparkle-sprinkles." I braced myself before going into such a disorganized place as her brain. Her neural networks tended toward nodes with more connections than my mother's, making her less like me than my mom was. The network was so dense in places that it was no wonder that information went in with no evidence of ever coming back out. Even though black holes don't hold their secrets forever and emit radiation due to the subtle energy fluctuations in space, I started thinking of Abby's neurological architecture as similar. Oddly, she was not offended. Either she did not hear me, or did not get it.
"My first feeling was you were boring and buddying would bring snoring, Ysenof. You're brain is a black box, even when there isn't static on the Ysenof-to-Abby station. When you're not setting the signal light, there is deep, dark night. I used to think that was a sign of slow weirdoes that dug burrows under their parents' bungalows. Outside of the oddball brownie snafu, it's breezy being around you. It's nice not knowing every nitpicky detail a denizen dislikes. You're more James Bond, international man of mystery, than one of the Mystery Men."
As Abby ran on and on about how interesting I was, I managed to keep on task. Using what I had learned from comparing and contrasting my brain and my mom's, I found something. The structures that caused us to be physic were not in the neurons. I found mitochondria-sized organelles with a graphene-like carbon ring mesh surface in glial cells. Specifically, they were in cells known as astrocytes for their star-like shape. The organelles resembled large bucky balls with some interesting large atoms imbedded throughout the mesh. The large atoms of interest were seaborgium 290, hassium 292 and darmstadtium 294. There were many of them on the surface and in very complex structures inside. I had thought I was the first to make long half-life darmstadtium 294, but I was wrong. The artificially constructed isotope had probably been sitting in my brain for around twenty-eight years. I immediately began to wonder who it was that had put it there. It certainly had not arrived there by accident. None of the three elements existed naturally, at least not in our small corner of the universe.
Glial cells regulate the neuronal environment in many ways from just providing a backbone to regulating the synapsing of neurons. I knew that neurons were not the whole story when it came to how the network communicates, but I still wondered why the organelles were not in the neurons. I tried to get Abby to sit still longer so I could take a more precise look at the carbon mesh organelles to figure out how they worked and what the significance of the relatively stable ultra-heavy atoms was.
"I know who will sit and grit, Ysenof, our Special Agent associate, Mr. Clark. It's time to hustle and bustle our way to the Bureau base. Downtown Phoenix, that's our place to rock and roll as we race!"
This would have turned out to be a good idea if you ignored the many flaws. We were not officially FBI employees yet. We had completed our security interviews, but our background checks were not finished yet. We were required to be escorted while we were in the office, and John was not ready to deal with that yet. Then there was the fact that Abby drives like a maniac and skips around from song to song while exhorting her terrified and entrapped passenger to get into the music.
"Ysenof, you are definitely a big-time bummer on a bebopping car quest! You're totally terrified and aren't sing-along song harmonizing in your head. How can you not cha-cha chant to Queen's "We Will Rock You" or willingly warble to R.E.M.'s "Losing My Religion"? I hefted Hootie, and notched nothing! Hootie will compel you to croon if you don't combat them. But you're uptight and you fight the funky freedom! I didn't fathom that I could friend a music malingerer. What a gray, inky blue day!"

3.End
4.Start

I like office buildings. The rooms are numbered, mostly in a logical way. Finding an office is most always a simple logical problem, even when someone has completely screwed it up. Similarly numbered rooms are near each other. This means there are cues for navigation, the first room number down a hallway will tell you what branch to take.
What I do not like are security lines, especially when I have to go through a scanner. Security guys do not react well to the brain-to-computer interface I wear under a baseball cap or the fourteen cell phones I carry in the cargo pockets of my pants. They also are not very forgiving when I forget to put one of them in the x-ray bin before going through the scanner, especially after the second time I set off the alarm.
I normally have the option to avoid this problem by shutting off the alarm while I pass through. On this occasion, however, I was concerned about the consequences of someone finding out that I had smuggled the electronics into the building. I did not want to needlessly use my physic capabilities in a way that would draw additional scrutiny. Especially not in a building I could end up spending a lot of time in.
The security guys also got suspicious when Abby explained that I have fourteen phones because most of them were highly modified matter scanners and energy projectors. I am pretty sure it was the energy projector part that truly got us into trouble. Abby talks too frequently and filters too little. I have learned to be more careful about how much information I give her and how I share it.
Fortunately, John showed up and prevented the imminent arrest and strip search.
"Mr. Clark! Tell these security sentries we're here to assist and persist in the apprehension of an horrendously hazardous Intermittently Explosive Pyromaniac that is not tethered and is terrorizing the metropolis!"
"They're okay guys. These two are professional staff candidates I've been recruiting. They just showed up earlier than I expected."
"Should have known that the kook with the cargo pockets full of cell phones and a crazy brain scanner cap would be professional staff."
"Ysenof is a kook converse, Mister Rent-A-Cop! He is a talented technophysic, integral to the investigation of a consummately crafty serial arsonist whose pattern has perplexed the oblivious Bureau until Special Agent Clark freshly found the footpath!"
"I guess you got me there, squeaky girl. I'm not as cool as the dorky guy with a half-pint bodyguard."
"Enough. The next one to share their opinion on the multitude of shortcomings evident in our immediate vicinity will become uncomfortably familiar with my temper. Abby, Ysenof, follow me."
"A thousand thanks for the audio assist with dissing that dude, Ysenof! The clever, creative waters were a weensy lump low and slow after rent-a-cop."
"Abby, shut it."
When we finally got to John's office, we found out that it was only a cubicle. That certainly put a damper on Abby's glamorous expectations of the life of a special agent in the FBI. It told me that John was not very high up on the food chain. Still, he had managed to get authorization to hire us as specialists for what they call professional staff in the Bureau.
"I'm seriously shocked special agents are wanting for walls, Mr. Clark. If I were supervising the show, it would be oversized offices all around! Fearless crime fighters are too critical to cram into cubicle cans like rats eating sardine Spam."
"Abby, as much as I'm touched by the sentiment, the cube is fine for now. Anyway, I merely stopped here to grab my coffee. Let's head into the meeting room.
"I've been authorized to bring you two in on the serial arson case as contractors, paid hourly. You will work on leads for that case, and your billable hours will be limited to twenty hours a week. You still don't have clearance to use the computer systems, and you won't come into the office. Yes, Abby?"
"I must say, you command the conference room with an amazingly authoritative aura! Where are the comment cards, 'cause I'm tingling and jingling!"
"I'm sorry, Abby, we don't do comment cards at the Bureau. Now, back to the business at hand. My knack for tracking people down has given me the credibility to bring you two in as unconventional investigators. The SAC believes me when I say that you two have unique skills that the FBI can't afford to not take advantage of. Do not make me wrong. It is your job to make sure they agree with me, which means we need to get results. Catching our intermittent explosive disordered physic quickly would be a very good start. I'm hoping Abby's ability to pick up what people are thinking and Ysenof's understanding of how my knack works will help get the job done."
"I only overhear what sentients secretly or overtly sub-vocalize, Mr. Clark. Ysenof intuits I'm kneading and reading beneficial booty from Broca's area in lively left temporal lobes. I'm tuned into translating touring sedans so skateboards such as Ysenof are infuriatingly inscrutable. The positively polar pirouette is that serviceably spoken sentients surrender their psychic secrets!"
"That's great, both of you. However, it is time to focus on current FBI business. I've been tracking this serial arsonist for eleven months and I suspect his crime spree stretches back more than a decade. I thought I was going to catch him at Walmart where we met, but as we all know, he managed to escape. The positive development is that Ysenof has brought to light that he and all of us are physic. Yes, Abby?"
"Ysenof suggests that the status of the prancing pyromaniac as factual physic is premature. Anatomic authentication rigorously ratifies our physic faculties. We have compact carbon contraptions in our brains that beget our bueno volcano! The globule dynamos are dubbed physic granules, discovered recently this gay day."
"That sounds great. I am hoping that we can use Ysenof's knowledge about how this physic stuff works to help find this pyromaniac."
"Ysenof wants to watch while you're howling on the prowl to figure your physic mojo methodology. It's time to tune up, because we're hunting and confronting intermittently explosive physica! He'd better observe his 'P's and 'Q's and 'E's and '3's, because Mr. Clark and the fearsome physic force are cruising the course."
"Physica?"
"It's the plural plumage for physic, Mr. Clark! Ysenof has a funky and formidable physic philosophy and facial flapping formula phylogenically fabricated."
As we walked to John's car, he laid down some ground rules. I would sit up front with him and Abby would be in back. He also said Abby would be quiet, but with Abby that is not a very realistic expectation. She talks incessantly. You probably think you have met someone who can not shut up, but you have never met Abby. She is always chattering about stuff that does not matter and often does not make much sense. I have done you a very big favor by cutting almost all of the Abby parts out of this story. A very big favor. I am not kidding like I was before about Jell-O-ing your brain.
John's precautions against Abby were not sufficient to say the least. Putting her in the back seat did keep Abby from taking over as disk jockey by tuning into her iPod on the radio and inflicting the Abby music jumble on John and me. Still, I am pretty sure John recognized the tactical error that he had made. As he sat, trying to concentrate on detecting the physic, Abby leaned forward behind him and babbled in his ear about how well she could be quiet. This made it harder for me to observe him being physic since he was distracted from his task. Things got better when she put on her seatbelt as she was told, but she still kept talking about how well she could follow instructions.
The first thing I did was a full analysis of John's physic granules. They were smaller than Abby's, but noticeably larger than mine. That was an interesting observation, but my main objective, understanding how John did his tracking, consumed my attention. As I observed John's granules, I tried to pick out an indication that he was sensing the physic arsonist or other physica. I had the idea that I wanted to somehow help him focus on what he was sensing or improve the process he was using to do it. If I was going to make such a device, I needed to know what process in his granules was relevant. The hardest part of this process was to determine whether John was sensing anything or not.
Abby quite quickly solved the problem of her random conversation and my lack of data by reporting what John was thinking. One of the good things about Abby is that she is always keeping people informed about what is going on. She usually does not really know what is important and what is not, but she did a good job in this case even though I did not give her direction and I am pretty sure John did not either.

4.End
5.Start

Our work to find the pyromaniac physic was defined by the schedule. John was mostly occupied by other duties during the day, so Abby and I accompanied him on searches during evenings and weekends. That left me with some time to work on a device during the day. Between the two activities, I was putting in more than the twenty hour a week maximum, but my paychecks from the FBI were not affecting my finances meaningfully anyway. What this situation did, other than reduce the time I spent on random projects of my choosing, was establish a cycle of development and testing for my device.
When I started to design the device to help John track the physic pyromaniac, I had to make a decision that is common in a technical task. How generalized did I want to make it? I could attempt to make an extremely specialized device that was tuned to John, and would enhance his tracking with the minimum of effort. My distaste for such an approach was driven by a sense that such an effort would be a waste of time. I was rather sure that I would learn very little about how granule networks functioned and the device would prove to be useless beyond a single application. For these reasons, I chose to risk failure and made a more generalized device that could prove useful for other purposes.
At first, I was fumbling in the dark, modifying conventional electronics to serve as a physic sensory amplifier. It did not take long, less than a week, for me to realize that my silicon-based technology for detecting incoming electromagnetic radiation was going nowhere. I needed to start from scratch.
Fortunately, I had a promising idea.
The design idea came from my shield and what I had observed in physic granules. I knew which of my shield's properties interacted with my physic senses. I had not previously thought about it, but saw it every time I protected myself from dangerous gamma rays. I would use the most rudimentary architectural features of granules and my experience with the molecular currents in my shield to fashion a photon redirection and generation device. These two functions would hopefully prove sufficient to focus John's physic senses.
Ideally, the device would refract photons from a larger area than John's head, because a larger collection region would contain more information. Unfortunately, that was not a realistic approach. Producing something akin to my shield was an extremely complex process. Instead, I would have to settle for selectively amplifying and filtering the electromagnetic radiation that came in contact with the device wrapped around his head.
My choice of substrates for the device was dictated by physic granule technology. This meant that I needed graphene. As you might expect, graphene is derivative of graphite. Specifically, it is a layer of graphite that is a single molecule thick. The hexagonal carbon mesh is very similar to the outer membrane of a physic granule, so it made a good foundation for my first independent application of physic granule technology. The fact that it would be an effective substrate for guiding electromagnetic radiation was helpful and not surprising considering how physic granules worked.
I imbedded thousands of carefully arranged graphite slivers in a proprietary resin to protect them from physical damage. I used a computer-brain interface I had tinkered with as the backbone, so I would have electronics nearby for interfacing with the device. My eventual plan was to integrate the electronics from one of my energy projecting smartphones to specifically communicate filtering information to the faux-granule slivers. The earliest version of this new design was quite a bit simpler though, because I was merely at the stage where affecting John's physica tracking in the most rudimentary way would be progress.
"I hate to break this to you, Ysenof, but your contraption is a complete bust. I can't track a thing. I'm getting a complete blank."
"What have I told you about the contraption action, Mr. Clark? Hey! Hoopy-hoo how do you do?! Ysenof is fantastic and ecstatic."
"You're on drugs, Abby. I wouldn't know it if the pyromaniac were right behind me as we speak."
"Mr. Clark, you've missed the gist, so here's an awesome Abby assist! An inverse is no curse. It's success in reverse! Ysenof has identified and classified the funky phenomenon that has compromised your tony tracking technique!"
I did not completely understand all of the specifics about how physic granules worked, so it was gratifying to have meaningful results so quickly. Finding out that the device was blocking John was in some ways better than if it were helping him from the start. It forced me to learn more about the function of the device and opened up the possibility of useful variations of the device in the future.
As well as that early version of the device worked, there were many minor details to iron out. I had a generalized device, but still needed to work out selective filtering and amplification. Then, we had to figure out what settings were appropriate to the task of John tracking a physic. We did not make meaningful progress until John agreed to do proper testing. Oddly, it came down to Abby challenging his ability to track her. That was the real turning point in the project.
"I doubly doubt you can follow a physic to save your skin, Mr. Clark. Any physic by the name of Jack, you couldn't out track! I could tell you where and I swear you wouldn't have a prayer. Come catch me, if you can, at the Arizona Mills Mall, if you dare!"
It was surprising to me that Abby was challenging John and taunting him that way. I wondered whether she had acted as a consequence of her or my frustration with the situation or if it was a more calculated manipulation. It definitely made me reconsider what I thought I knew about Abby. I was inclined to think that the incident was likely a statistical outlier, but I have found that it is very important to reevaluate my view of something when presented with conflicting information. No thing or person is perfectly static, so these cases should be used as grist for changing one's mind. Further, nuance can always be added to an evaluation that is well supported by voluminous data by looking at the outliers.
For me to test John's performance at tracking Abby, I needed to know where she was so I could evaluate in real time whether he was going the correct direction or not. Abby had a cell phone, but seemed to only use it to text. At the time, this seemed odd to me since she liked to talk so much. Tracking her was not difficult, but keeping the information from John was a little more difficult for me than you would think. I caught myself unconsciously facing directly toward her on more than one occasion.
Improvements in the design and proper tuning of parameters occurred more rapidly after John started hunting Abby. It was not very long before we had to leave the confines of the mall to give him a meaningful challenge.
Once John was able to go straight toward Abby from a mile away, he insisted on resuming the hunt for the physic pyromaniac. He was so fixated on immediate results and performance that our long-term potential was impaired. I would like to say that by the end of all of this that John would learn to look at problems differently, but the world does not work that way. People have their way of thinking and very few are willing or able to make a significant change, even when it is obviously for the better.

5.End
6_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"Bold Daylight Bank Robbers Strike in Tempe, Destroy Evidence"
by Tatianne Hiker

The trio of roller-blade-clad robbers were undeterred by the presence of morning patrons at the Chase Bank at 9th & Mill in Tempe on Thursday morning. They brandished firearms and pushed their way into a back room where they moved cash into backpacks. The altercation was over as quickly as it began as they made their in-line wheeled getaway during the 9AM hour.
Witnesses say all three were young, possibly juveniles, and all wore large sunglasses and fake mustaches as well as safety helmets. Co-current to the robbery, Chase's security systems suffered an outage that disabled all cameras at the location as well as the alarm systems. Several bystanders outside the bank caught footage of the fleeing thieves on cell phone cameras.
The roller-blading robbers used the clogged thoroughfares of Arizona State University's campus to evade capture. Pursuing officers received reports of disguised roller-bladers stowing backpacks and other items in public lockers at the campus bookstore.
When authorities attempted to retrieve the evidence, incendiary devices ignited the lockers' contents.
No one was injured during the robbery or by the burning lockers. One witness, who was inside the bank during the robbery and requested to remain anonymous, reported that a fellow bank patron tripped one of the roller-bladers to no avail. "Those kids had to be extreme sport enthusiasts. They had moves you wouldn't believe."
"Two amazing things happened," said Danae Evans, one of the tellers. "The kid [that was tripped] performed an amazing twisting back-flip to avoid wiping out. Also, the guy that tried to stop them didn't get himself shot."
Police suspect that at minimum three others are involved in the crime in addition to the three disguised thieves. "Most likely, there was a driver that transported the cash, if not the perpetrators," says Detective Wilson with the Tempe Police Department. "The technical failure at the bank suggests a Chase insider was involved and the timing of the incendiaries required someone be present near the bookstore to set them off."
Over $100,000 was taken, most of which was intended for delivery to local ATMs. Armed robbery is a class 2 felony, carrying a sentence of 7-21 years for an adult. Anyone with information about the robbery or the damage to the lockers at Sun Devil Campus Stores - Tempe should contact the Tempe Police or the Phoenix FBI office.

6_epigraph.End
6.Start

The story of how we tried to catch the intermittently explosive physic did not proceed as one might think. John insisted on getting back to the search at least a week earlier than I wanted. It turned out that his impatience led to a very interesting discovery, however.
"Ysenof insists that we train your brain and inflate the fidelity of the amplifier. He..."
"Can fiddle with his gadget while I get real work done. There is no better test than the real world."
"He can't make modifications moored in misconceptions, Mr. Clark."
"What do you mean? He will know if we find the physic. He can just look for physic granules to check."
"Thousands and thousands of teeny-tiny operations occur as the device does its duty from moment to moment. It's impossible to intuit what went right or wrong after all of those theatrics!"
"I still don't see why he can't wait until we find this guy, then he can do his tinkering."
"If you porkerly persist in pursuing the pyrophysic, the amplifier won't be advantageously augmented!"
"Well, then that is the way it's going to have to be. We're going after that IEP."
"Eye-ep. That's completely catch-a-rific, almost as awesome-rific as Intermittently Explosive Pyrophysic."
"Physic. I was thinking physic, not pyromaniac."
"I prefer my clever coinage, pyrophysic. Your tiresome and tedious thoughts scream for stimulation, Mr. Clark. You're a stuffy toughie that needs a fluffy buff!"
"I hope this means that we've finally settled on something consistent to call this guy. The pyrophysic word salad has made it more difficult to understand you Abby, which is hard enough as it is."
I was not sure John was going about his search the right way, but I was decidedly more concerned with learning more about how well the amplification system I built for him was performing. It was nearly impossible to evaluate the system under real world conditions where I did not know the position and characteristics of whom he was tracking, but I tried anyway.
My concentration on the workings of the filtering and amplification system was interrupted by chatter on the police radio and even more chatter from the Abby channel. John was tracking his quarry into downtown Tempe while Abby gave the play by play on what was going on with the police, repeating what we already knew.
"Mr. Clark! It appears you've steered our roaming the wrong way. The radio reports the fuzz are furiously frenzying the ASU bookstore! That's what I'm divining, yet we're driving away from our felon foiling future."
"ASU and the bookstore aren't where this contraption is leading me."
"Ysenof is insulted by the connotation of contraption being cast upon his ingenious invention, Mr. Clark!"
"He's over it."
"Ysenof is so not done disagreeing, Mr. Clark! That word you speak, contraption. I don't think it means what you think it means. It implies an immensity of inelegance that doesn't endure in a device designed by Ysenof!"
"Until it leads me to that IEP, it's a contraption."
More often than occasionally. Abby is distracting to everyone around her. John was not paying enough attention to where he was driving. I know this to be the case, because he screeched around a corner at a speed that was well beyond what was typical when he was driving.
"The coppers haven't commented on an intermittently explosive pyrophysic, only a kiddy cash-grab caper. Am I right or am I righteous? And the bank isn't an improvised bomb box. There isn't the littlest least incrimination or insinuation of explosion! Supposedly, mustachioed marauders ransacked and roller-bladed away with the moolah hanging on their heinies! That's what you guys got, is it or is it not? If I were flourishing a fake mustache as a mask, it would be a formidable fuzzy lip ferret! Wouldn't that be unabridged brilliant? Mr. Clark? Are we currently convolved in piping hot pursuit?!"
John's driving had become erratic beyond what might be considered the simple distraction of interacting with Abby's demand for attention, even if distraction by Abby might not be considered simple. He was indeed in pursuit, and the target of his erratic, and frankly Abby-esque, driving was a Nissan Altima with a badly faded paint job. Ultimately, John cutoff the car's progress and ordered the driver out. Abby was right on John's heels, brandishing her pocketbook. The potential IEP had no choice but to comply.
"I'm Abby Skipper with the FBI. Seize a slice of the sky before my associate Special Agent Clark's serenity gets shorty and he gun-guts you with his Glock-40!"
"FBI? I don't understand. I know I was going a little fast to get through that light, but..."
"What's going on in his brain, Abby?"
"Um, Mr. Clark, I hate to be an industrial strength fun Hoover, but this guy mutters, mumbles, and mumurs his way through a crazy lingual chop suey."
"I know this kid isn't my IEP, but I still want to know, is he a physic?"
"Something verbal this way comes, but no comprende, Mr. Clark! He's got a menu of voices in his head, and they're a god-awful Chinese-Mexican fusion. There isn't anything habanero hot in his whodunit holster. So not an IEP, I bolster. But, he might be missing in the message muddle and hasn't found his form for piping pyro or brain-blaster behavior."
"Thanks, Abby. That was pretty much an unnecessarily long description of nothing. What about Ysenof? Does our resident recluse have anything to add? It might help if he got out of the car."
"Sir, I don't know anything about Chinese-Mexican food and I would never make you eat it if I did. I promise, sir."
"Shut up, kid. Ysenof? Make it snappy. I have other blips to follow."
"It's getting grueling wrangling reception from Ysenof, Mr. Clark. Ysenof, you need to pump up the volume so I can keep Mr. Clark physic potential apprised."
"Pull it together, people. Last I checked, talking is a preschool skill."
"Sir Strange Soup is sidetracking my serene hygiene, Mr. Clark. I'm seriously seeking a special séance session with Ysenof back by our bu-steed. I'll boomerang in a jiff!"
"Couldn't Ysenof simply get out of the car and come over here so you can understand him?"
"Wrong response, Mr. Clark! I can hear both of you better from back here. Ysenof says he's working wonderfully right where he is. He's also assessed that 'blip' is an astonishingly awful analogue for the figure you're forming. He assumes the amplifier has assisted you in detecting distinctive individuals in the domain that could contain physic functionality."
"What about this guy? Can you hear him better from over there?"
"Sorry, Mr. Clark. The kid's cranium is garbled goo from over here too. Ysenof sadly signals there is no sign the suspect is physic. He doesn't have physic go-go globes in his star cells."
"What?!"
"His astrocytes aren't granule gathering sites. But Ysenof..."
"So this thing doesn't work?"
I would have thought that John would not want to show off the physic tracking amplifier to a random potential physic on the street, but he did precisely that when he ripped off his Arizona Wildcats hat. I believe that I had very specifically stated that the amplifier was in need of improvement. That was the message I had intended for Abby to pass along. She had tried, but it had not gone so well. 
The kid who had recently driven the Altima, and well above the speed limit in my very precise measurement, did not have carbon mesh membraned organelles inside his astrocytes, or in any of his other glial cells for that matter. However, there was something clearly wrong with him. It seemed likely that he or something in his car was interfering with Abby's ability to hear other people's thoughts.
Unfortunately, in yet another instance of snap decision making, John decided that we needed to leave quickly in order to follow the other potential physica that he was sensing. This was actually a case where the real world test could be potentially useful. John had somehow sensed the kid as physic through either the increased sensitivity or confusing noise produced by the amplifier. If I were given an opportunity to look more carefully for physic granules or more deeply analyze the false positive, then we would have solved a mystery or repaired a problem with the amplifier.
"Ysenof says we should nab and grab him for additional analysis. He might be a physic of a foreign feather."
"No time. No charges. No way."
"Can't you hold him for a miniscule minute? Shouldn't we at minimum amass his name and address? He's hopping the hutch!"
"Get his name from his brain, Abby, and get back in the car."
"That's completely cockamamie, Mr. Clark! Not only can't I sift and strain his scrambled egg cerebrum, it doesn't follow that fashion. Don't you retain, recognize and recall reality, Mr. Clark? Ysenof earlier explained how I hear primordial pitter-patter, principally from the subject's speech centers? Regrettably, he wasn't moniker memory remedial and repeating his to remember, Mr. Clark! We should separate wimp from wheels and inspect his identification!"
John tracked the second potential physic, or rather, set of potential physica to the public transportation hub with both a rail station and bus stops on the eastern edge of the ASU campus. Despite the fact that I would have been able to monitor the interaction between John and the suspected physica from inside the vehicle, John insisted that I accompany him and Abby when they went to confront the potential physica.
While she was certainly not the physic tracker, Abby led the way with her special brand of faux authority, attempting to get the maximum out of John's badge through aggressive behavior. Considering Abby's actual physic talents, she knew exactly whom John was going to approach.
"We're John Clark and Abby Skipper with the FBI. You two, delinquent duo, present your hall passes!"
The teenagers, one a boy and the other a girl, lacked the physic granules in their astrocytes, just like the kid in the car.
"Don't tell me. These two aren't physic either. They certainly aren't my IEP."
"Okay, Mr. Clark. I'll forbear from bearing the bad buzz bulletin of no breakthrough or finding on physic..."
Then, Abby started to scream for no reason, like someone was torturing her. Most of what came out was babbling, which is not too far from normal for Abby. Still, it was not difficult to understand that she could not hear anything and that was something she was not happy with.
As I have said before, I do not like screamers. It is not actually the sound that bothers me, but the erratic progression of the sound. Then, since there is nothing meaningful to hear, I look at their faces, and that makes it worse. All of the chaos bothers me, and makes me want to get away from it.
Abby was actually worse than most other screamers, so I got away from her as quickly as I could. This, incidentally, took me nearer to the kids that John had tracked. Since they were not going anywhere, I decided to take a closer look at one of them. Exactly like the guy in the car, this one did not have physic granules in his astrocytes or his other glial cells. As I was starting to broaden my search and look more carefully, he walked away from me. I followed him. Then he sat on a chair, and I stood next to him and leaned on a pole.
When the train took off, I fell over. I am not unused to this sort of thing happening to me, so I did my best to recover and get back to what I was doing. The fall really interrupted my search, more than trying to follow him had. Fortunately, he did not try to move again right after I got up, but it did not take very long before he got up and moved to the other end of the car. I hazarded the path behind him to make sure I continued to get a high resolution look in my search for physic granules. It was a harrowing experience walking around in a moving light rail car. He seemed to be appreciably better at it than I, which made me wonder if that was somehow his physic specialty.
Once we got to the other end of the car, I found a seat near him, which made it considerably easier to look for physic granules. I proceeded to increase the resolution of my scan in order to find smaller structures and widened my search to include his entire nervous system. I would have continued widening my search to cells that interact with the brain through hormones secreted into the blood, but that was not necessary. In his neurons, I found structures very similar to the physic granules I had found in our astrocytes. However, they were extremely small, significantly smaller than the granules in my head, which were smaller than John and Abby's.
It made sense that the physic granules in neurons were smaller since neurons were far more active than astrocytes and could less afford the disruption that large granules would cause. I also got the idea that the size and location of physic granules had quite a lot to do with a physic's specialty and were dependent upon brain architecture.
"Let me see your boarding pass, sir."
A man wearing a white uniform shirt was talking to me, and I did not have a pass for the light rail. I did not even know you were supposed to get a pass. I had not seen anywhere to get one and they did not ask me for fare on the way into the car. In fact, I had not noticed that I was on the train until it took off.
"Do you understand me? Can you speak?"
"There is definitely something not right about that guy. He's been stumbling around after some of the other passengers since he got on at ASU."
The physic kids. I had forgotten them due to the fare inspector's interruption, and when I was reminded, they were gone. Since the doors were closed and the car was moving again, I was not going to be able to catch up with them either.
John was not going to be happy that I had let them get away, but at least I had confirmed that the amplifier was working properly. Further, I had learned that there was more morphological diversity among physica than I had observed in our group. I would have to think about which parameters in my device would filter by physic granule size so John could more easily track his IEP.
"Was he with them?"
"I don't think so. They seemed to be trying to get away from him and they simply got off the train without him. I think the guy is some tard that got loose."
I get called retard a lot. If I were like the pyrophysic John was chasing, then many a mental midget would have come to their end as a story about spontaneous human combustion. While this is not necessarily a bad solution to the problem, I prefer a more humane solution: sterilization. It takes me less than a minute to block the fallopian tubes or vas deferens of an individual that is in need of removal from the gene pool. However, this guy did not otherwise harass me or show himself to be an idiot, so I settled upon a lesser punishment, one that better suited the crime. I molecularly bonded his socks to his shoes.
I once bonded a guy's shoes to the floor at K-Mart, but that punished the store too, since they had to replace the tiles he had been standing on. In these kinds of situations, I try to already have a plan ahead of time to avoid making the wrong decision due to anger or lack of time to properly think it out. Leaving decisions to the last minute leads to unintended and regrettable results.
Bonding socks to shoes is not very difficult. It takes a little energy to liberate hydrogens and hydroxides from the synthetic and cotton polymers so the molecular backbones will covalently bond to create a cross-link. It is a little tricky to deal with ambient water and oxygen though. Both molecules are quite reactive and will donate hydrogen or oxygen to the charged carbons that are seeking a covalent bond. This can make the process of cross-linking the polymers into a dance of pushing out the reactive compounds while performing a two photon excitation of bonds in proximal monomers. 
However, that is what physic granules are for. They do the math and handle the details. They also are not one hundred percent. A sub fifty percent success rate is more than sufficient to achieve a physic alchemy objective. Anyway, the guy's feet ended up a little warmer and a lot damper from the waste heat and water. Still, soggy, warm feet and damaged clothing are better than sterility.
The transportation cop seemed to be mostly concerned about my welfare, but was making it hard for me to concentrate on bonding socks to shoes with all of the questions that I was not going to answer. I was mostly waiting to get back to the station where I had started and hoped that John would be there to save me and Abby would not be screaming anymore.
Abby rushed into the car at a stop well before we got back. She was not screaming, at least not about how she could not hear and how horrible it was.
"Ándale Ysenof! Get the platinum out of your pockets and maneuver off the Metro mucho pronto! Your doorway to deliverance is slamming shut!"
She grabbed my hand and slipped off once before I reacted and let her pull me off.
"Mr. Clark was totally tracking you using your amp and his knack! Isn't that the top guac' from Bankok?! Mr. Clark claims and maintains my deafness didn't last long, but I'm doubly dubious. You had a sufficient span to stowaway on the Metro! It seemed like endless, infinite eternity, and sooo drug-dependant, catastrophic-career child-star sad. It's my most wrenching recollection except..."
"Excuse me, miss..."
"Oh, I'm sorry for spurning you, Mister Metro Meter Reader! You're wigging in the brig over Ysenof's rail fare fail. I assure you he's an agent of the FBI and was surreptitiously surveilling pernicious persons of import on the light rail. Our Zen master, Special Agent John Clark of the FBI is ready for a rendezvous right now, wanna pow-wow?"

6.End
7.Start

Upon reflection, I was glad that we did not meet the pyrophysic we were pursuing. We were not ready. I would not have known what to do with him had we caught him. John was so busy trying to find a violent physic criminal as soon as possible that he had not allowed us the opportunity to consider what the consequences would be. The process of capturing a physic that can convert matter to energy with his mind, even if only in trace quantity, is obviously dangerous. The guy who plays with radioactive materials for fun is probably going to be fine, but what about those that are more vulnerable? How would I protect them from harm?
Arresting a hostile physic that might blow up your head is just the beginning of the problems with handling physic criminals. How do you detain someone that can set a guard's hair on fire with a thought and can probably burn, melt, or blow his way out of his cell? This only gets worse if the corrections system does not know what a physic is and you do not want to explain it to them in detail.
There are two different ways to deal with such a situation. There is the smart way, also known as Ysenof's carefully planned way to deal with a dangerous criminal. Then, there is the not so smart way, otherwise known as John Clark's way: charge in first, then maybe think later when you find yourself in a pickle. The John Clark method would be to walk straight up to the pyrophysic and arrest him, then if you are lucky enough to not get burned to a cinder, you will have no end of trouble as the psycho kills many people in his spectacular escape from jail. Fortunately, we would not be using that plan despite the fact that John thought that he was in charge.
Instead, my plan was to immobilize the pyrophysic and attempt to dismantle the physic granules that allowed him to manipulate matter into energy. I decided I would try to damage his physic granules by bombarding his brain with ultrasound waves. To affect structures like physic granules, which are on the order of one micron in diameter, I needed a wave in the range of a gigahertz to match the half wavelength to the diameter of the physic granules. This would maximize stress from the wave through resonance.
The limits of human hearing are on the order of a kilohertz, and the limits of standard medical equipment are around twenty megahertz. I needed something that could generate a wave with a hundred times the precision used in medical imaging. This was actually the relatively easy part. Research was being done at higher frequencies than medical imaging, so the hardware had already been invented. It merely was not as compact as I needed.
The more difficult problem was preventing unintended damage that might be caused by injecting high-powered micron wavelength sound waves into someone's brain. The waves would have to be carefully controlled to minimize collateral damage. It would also be good to test what unintended damage might occur ahead of time. My ultra-ray used a relatively harmless, very low power set of gigahertz range waves to scan the tissue where the target physic granules resided. Then the higher powered, destructive wave was delivered in a large number of lower frequency waves that were aimed to meet in the vicinity of the physic granule targets. The resulting constructive and deconstructive interference between waves only a billionth of a second out of phase resulted in a high frequency wave that resonated in the target physic granule. At a high enough power, the waves would crack the granules, while hopefully not affecting structures in the intervening space that the wave did not resonate in.
In the best case scenario, where the ultra-ray worked perfectly and I managed to significantly damage most of his physic granules without other collateral damage, bad things could still happen. There are many heavy atoms, charged ions and large molecules inside physic granules that could cause significant damage or greatly alter glial cell functionality if they escaped in too large a quantity. If his astrocytes died en masse, or were only seriously impaired or otherwise functioned differently, it would not go well for the health of his brain overall. If the wrong parts of his brain started to malfunction, the results could be fatal. To reduce the chance of this happening, I did some animal testing to identify potential complications.
Testing the device to destroy physic granules was rather difficult and questionably valid. I tried testing it on a rat, but not a true physic rat, much less a physic human. The artificial physic granules I constructed in the rat's brain were not exactly the same as the structures that would be found in the pyrophysic. I did not know how big they would be, and having to construct millions of them within the rat brain without killing the rat in the process required that they not have the full complexity of a physic granule.
The process of producing merely one faux physic rat was arduous enough that I only did it once. Further, a rat brain is not the same size as a human one, nor are the cells themselves exactly the same with regard to structure. So, I was not very sure if the testing I did was valid. When the test rat died, I did not know to what degree the faux physic granules were responsible, much less the destruction from the ultra-ray. I would have needed many more tests to isolate causes and effects.
I still did not have a very good picture of what might happen when I used the ultra-ray on the pyrophysic when we caught up with him. I was quite certain that the granules would crack, but that was all I knew for certain. The side effects would not be so bad that his brain would be turned into mush and squirt out of his ears. However, what I knew did not extend too far beyond that. I would have preferred to know what was going to happen ahead of time, but this is the way that invention works. You do not know what you are going to get until you try it out for real.
There was one thing I did know. We could not afford to have the ray not do enough. This meant that I would push the power up until it did enough damage to satisfy me that the pyrophysic's granules were neutralized, then I would turn it up a little more just to make sure. This was going to make it more likely that I would seriously damage his brain, but I had little choice. We could not afford to have a mentally unstable pyrophysic running around free. Still, I needed to make sure I knew as much as possible before undertaking a procedure that would risk the man's life.

7.End
8.Start

The way my physic skills worked made them more suitable for working outside my brain rather than inside. This was not the law of physic granules, or even of my physic granules. It was merely my experience that I had a hard time seeing inside my own head. The functionality might have been there, but I had limited access to it.
Because I could not see my own physic granules as well as I could see someone else's, I needed a physic to examine to maximize my learning about how physic granules worked. Working with Abby was better than John, because John was always trying to force me to be productive in a way that he considered important. That often led to wasted time on my part since he did not understand everything that was going on.
Abby always wanted to find out uninteresting details about me and share similar details about herself. For some reason, she thought that sharing trivia about ourselves would make our friendship stronger. I am pretty sure knowing someone's favorite food or favorite color matters very little. Knowing that we had a mutual dislike for the Arizona Public School system mattered quite a bit more. It was part of our shared history of being marginalized by the system for thinking and learning differently. All of these things paled in comparison to what we already had. We were both physic and in our own ways were trying to investigate the mystery of who we were and where we came from. We had a very strong shared interest in that, and I thought it was what we should have been focusing on rather than the peripheral stuff.
Regardless, Abby liked to talk about almost anything and she had physic granules, which I could study to help me understand what it was to be a physic and why we were different from one another.
Since the sparkle-sprinkles incident did not go so well, I decided to make waffles instead of having Abby bring potentially toxic or flammable confections. I have not mentioned this before, but my waffle batter is a recipe that can only be made by a physic. I can make it from plain water, or most any material I have at hand, but it takes substantially less time and effort if I start with waffle batter from a conventional recipe. I like to use my mom's waffle batter, since it is the starting state that I developed my process from. Also, she knew how much I liked waffles and kept some sufficiently fresh batter in the fridge most of the time.
One of the first things I do to make the waffle batter better is I split some of the disaccharide sucrose into fructose and glucose. Then, I link the free glucose into the disaccharide maltose. This could be done by chemical means such as carmelization, but the collateral damage from the uncontrolled heating process leaves me dissatisfied with the flavor. I tried introducing high fructose corn syrup into the base waffle batter to save me the trouble of breaking the bonds between the fructose and glucose in the sucrose, but the balance of fructose and glucose is wrong in the corn syrup and I also like to leave some of the regular sugar in the batter.
I also like to play with the fats and introduce health-inducing phytochemicals like resveratrol. The primary challenge of introducing these kinds of additives is to make sure that they do not adversely affect the flavor and texture of the waffle. This requires that they be carefully dispersed in a manner that makes them not very noticeable. Too many monounsaturates and too little saturated fat can make a waffle dry after cooking. An excess of a strong flavored phytochemical can ruin the taste. Even with my physic talent, it is sometimes a challenge to make sure the batter is precisely right as I pour it onto the hot waffle iron.
The waffle iron itself is very important to the process of making the perfect waffle. The iron needs to have exactly the right surface texture for proper heat transfer to minimize the amount of oil necessary to season it, and the right distribution of heat internal to the iron to make sure the waffle is cooked uniformly. The intrinsic pattern of the waffle iron does quite a bit to ensure uniform cooking, but I moved some of the carbon and silicon atoms in the cast iron to alter heating patterns in spots where the heat transfer dynamics were not quite right. I will not go into how bad electric heating elements are at creating the optimal heat distribution in an iron. Suffice it to say, I use an oven burner and my talent to do the heating.
"Sometimes I wish I could manifest an intense Ysenof countenance and ambulance situations of substance! It would be fantabulous to cure cancer, but that could require a radical rectal reformation correspondence and membership in bore bags anonymous. I think I'd settle for being able to watch The Phantom Menace in its entirety without a siesta of somnambulance!"
When Abby showed up while I was still making my waffles, she did what she normally does. She talked, mostly to get my attention. Her pledging an aspiration to cure cancer or sit through a boring movie was a little unusual, but it did not get a meaningful response from me as I concentrated on getting my waffles right, so she continued, of course.
"What's our origin odyssey, Ysenof? Are we intrinsic physica by mutation and metamorphosis like the X-Men? Perhaps we're accidental anomalies from face frying gamma rays like the Hulk or being bitten by radioactively reinforced creepy crawlies like Spiderman? Or maybe, malicious mad scientists super-troopered us like Captain America!"
What goes on in Abby's head that is not directly connected to physic granule function is usually of little interest to me. On this particular occasion, she had managed to come up with a subject that I was interested in discussing, so I answered her.
"We're research and development derived dandies like Captain America? I need a nice nom de guerre to flaunt my flair. I was musing that Admiral Abby is Asmodean amazing! Scanning the stuffing of someone's skull is a snazzier super skill than wielding a shield, do you not yield?"
Abby was getting into silly land as usual, but I humored her anyway. The only thing that made sense was that we were made the way we were. There was not a sufficiently complex system in our physiologies to spontaneously construct physic granules. They had to be engineered. I wanted to explore this line of reasoning, but Abby kept interrupting me.
"I know it's science season when intense Ysenof face is in place. It helms the train for the brutally boring black hole brain. I didn't drop in for a blazing brownie sequel and to donate my dazzling dome to Dr. Evil. You can bore and ignore my silhouette after I hop, skip, and jump my way into the sunset!"
She would tell me the same thing in a new and not so interesting way every time I started to get real work done. The truth was that I did not pay attention to her a lot of the time. My brain being blank was not necessarily an indicator that I was doing "science stuff" as she put it.
Desperate times called for desperate measures, and this was one of those times. I was seriously considering trying to take a look at John instead, but from my experience with the physic tracking device, I knew that course of action would be a mistake. Instead, I did something that would have potentially far-reaching consequences. I asked my mom to sit down and talk to Abby.
If you do not count the embarrassing personal details shared during their conversation, having my mom keep Abby occupied was a success. I learned a few interesting things from an uninterrupted look at Abby's physic granules. The first thing I tried to measure was the exact quantity her granules were larger than mine. Though it was difficult to measure my own granules, I had a lot of time to accurately measure them. My estimate was that hers were approximately twenty times the volume of mine, which came out to a tad under three times the diameter.
It seemed that we had a roughly similar total volume of physic granules. Mine were just smaller and more numerous. That led me to consider how morphology, specifically surface area to volume ratios, conformed to functionality in a physic granule. My working hypothesis was that large granules, with their lower ratio, did more internal processing of the information sensed and the processing done by individual granules was more independent of other granules. In the case of Abby, this meant two things. I suspected she did a lot of processing of a smaller quantity of information gathered from other people's brains and her granules worked on many small problems independently. My granules, being substantially smaller and having a higher surface area to volume ratio, did more sensing of the environment as well as intercommunication within the physic granule network.
I also hypothesized that there was a correlation between the neural network of someone's brain and their physic granule network. Abby had fewer but larger neurons in key portions of her gray matter than I did, just like she had fewer but larger physic granules. This data suggested that the two were linked in some way, though a sample size of two is by no means scientifically sound. If the correlation was not a matter of chance, then both characteristics were either governed by the same genes and environmental factors during development, or the development of one influenced the other.
This led me to try and figure out which was the case, and the answer was surprisingly easy to obtain. Physic granules were not regulated by the protein signaling networks in our astrocytes. This verified my suspicion that we had not spontaneously evolved and that we were probably a scientific experiment.
However, that was not all that I discovered. I found evidence that suggested the physic granules were interacting with the function of glucose uptake and blood flow regulation. Since astrocytes interact with the membrane between the brain and the vascular system, physic granules like those in Abby and I seemed to be in the perfect position to feed themselves and were taking full advantage. That made me wonder if it was part of the reason I so exclusively preferred carbohydrate rich foods such as waffles and mashed potatoes.
My new understanding of being physic did not include the kids with the extremely small physic granules in their neurons. Their granules would not have as rich an access to energy as ours, since they were further away from the circulatory system where most or all of the energy would come from. They would also contain very little in the way of internal computational power. That meant that their granules probably were more for communication, either inside their granule networks or amongst their fellow physica or both. I conjectured that the small granules would make the kids have good reflexes, improve their intelligence, or allow them to communicate with one another in their own very specialized network.

8.End
9.Start

In light of what I learned from the kids on the light rail and my in-depth study of Abby as well, it became evident that John's amplification system would need to have additional filtering functionality added. Such an enhancement would make it significantly simpler for John to find the pyrophysic or any other specific target he might want.
The filtering system was derivative of my initial failure with the granule-based technology. The original design had interfered with John's talent to sense physica. I already knew how to amplify and attenuate what he was receiving. The next step was to filter and amplify electromagnetic signals by wavelength, which would essentially make granules easier or more difficult to see based upon their size. This would enable John to search for the pyrophysic without getting false positive hits from the kids, or even Abby. It might also reduce noise from random sources we did not care about.
I was eager enough to present the updated device to John that I agreed to let Abby drive me downtown to the FBI building. We were still working from home on independent projects, then after hours with John. Since our background checks were still in progress, we were not allowed in the office without supervision. I considered sitting in the back seat for safety, but decided instead to sit up front and extend my kinetic shield to keep myself and Abby safe in the likely case that she got us into an accident. It was not comfortable having Abby inside my shield despite the separate seats providing some isolation between us.
"You're less jumbley and mumbley than the customarily uninspiring Ysen-zone. Did your mom put a pepper in your waffle batter?"
Clearly, my shield had been creating some of Abby's difficulties hearing me, which was exactly the way I liked it. I had not thought too enthusiastically about how much control I had over Abby hearing me. I definitely did not completely understand what signals she was reading to hear what was going on in someone's head. I might have continued to contemplate the matter as we made our way downtown, but I started getting light-headed from the strain of the larger and more robust shield. That focused my attention on the peanut butter granola bars in my pocket. I ate two.
"So, how do I make this thing track our IEP?"
I spent a similar quantity of time preparing the answer to John's questions as I did on upgrading the amplifier. I quickly quantified the relationship between John's physic granules, Abby's and mine. John's were smaller than Abby's and larger than mine, and I knew the relative scales. From this, I estimated the size of the pyrophysic's granules. Most importantly, I was pretty sure there would be no more false positives from those kids.
"Ysenof has confessed that the kiddies have granules to match their maturity! Fully functional physica have big fat Greek granules in their astrocytes. There's a supplementary setting on the amplifier to assess ampleness! The filter forbids physic granules that are too big or too small, producing a picturesque that's rigorously righteous. Set the LPF at top taco, then bound down the stairs until you can't sense Ysenof. Then, jump and bump 'til you feel and reveal him. That will shear and disappear those cumbersome kiddies."
You might be wondering now what LPF is. I know it confused me for a while and Abby was delivering my instructions. It stands for low pass filter. A low pass filter cuts off the high frequency signal. If you remember back to when I was talking about my ultra-ray, you will understand better. Detecting small objects requires high frequency waves. Therefore, in this case a low pass filter negates the detection of small physic granules by allowing only lower frequency waves to be received.
"I've got the low pass filter set. Thanks for the confusing instructions as usual, Abby. Let's get going already."
"Mr. Clark, you're incorrect to neglect the high pass filter."
"What does the high pass filter block?"
"Ysenof insists it makes me invisible! Pretty please push it past the Skipper spot so my super-powers proliferate!"
"If it would filter your mouth and make you inaudible Abby, then I would do it. Since that won't happen any time soon, I'm going to pass. I don't need to filter you out. I simply don't want to be chasing those kids around."
"That wasn't terribly Mother Teresa of you Mr. Clark, and you didn't indeed intend it! My mouth doesn't need nullifying. It's so useful and utilitarian that you and Ysenof won't understand the irreplaceable resource until your remorse!"
"Fine. Let's just get going."
"Let's reroute around the road to ruin, Mr. Clark. It's Ysenof's eminent sentiment that dead of dark is prime time for teensy tiny needle fishing foolery. We could chow chicken and waffles while we wait!"
"What? Why?"
"Ysenof has carefully crafted an uber optimized search sequence that can condense to sixteen hours of intense sensing..."
"Then we need to get started immediately. Get in the car."
Using the data from the fires John had linked to the pyrophysic, I had plotted a search path that would cover the areas I thought were most likely to contain the pyrophysic's home. To maximize the chance that our quarry would not be wandering around outside of our search area, we needed to do our search while he was not moving, or unlikely to be moving. I wanted to do the search at night over a period of two or three days to make sure we did not get too fatigued and did not accidentally miss him as he did errands or went to work.
John did not seem to care about this. He simply wanted to catch the pyrophysic as soon as possible. He did not worry about what we would do if we did not find him in the area we searched. Would we search the same area again, or would we try different areas that were less likely to be fruitful? At what point was the next section not worth searching?
Rather than fight a losing battle, I concentrated on helping to make John's flawed plan work. The first step was to adhere to my carefully planned search path on the GPS Abby stuck to the windshield.
"What is this?"
"Ysenof affirms it's the flight formulation for our foray to ferret that dangerous, dirty pyrophysic from his hidden hide-out cliche!"
Abby always got the most melodramatic when relating the simple stuff, especially if it was related to herself. When I told her more technical information, she skewed toward saying it more like I would. However, I would not say it always, or even frequently, happened that way. Abby was unpredictable in her turns of phrase. I did not want her to say things exactly in the way I would. I could speak for myself if I wanted that. However, the results of our communication often came out more Abby-esque than I would have liked.
John's impatience led to an unsurprising delay in our schedule. Rush hour put us more than an hour behind, and there was potential for it to get worse. As we sat in traffic, I thought about the ways the pyrophysic could have been evading us at that very moment. My biggest fear was that he would be moving while we were searching. Did he work in one area and live in an area we had already checked? If he did, then we could miss him and not know why or where. We could wrongly conclude that he did not reside in the area we had searched. The risk would have been significantly lower if we had confined our search to the exact same timeframe over the course of several days. John did not want to do that because it would mean that we would have to wait.
"Ysenof vehemently votes that this is a hornswoggled boondoggle, Mr. Clark!"
"Ysenof needs his mommy to drive him to the store too."
"You certainly should avoid aiming aspersions at an individual who could go Gallagher on your mind melon, Mr. Clark."
"Who? Ysenof?"
"Let me sum up, Mr. Clark. Creating contemptuous commentary about the parent of a physic force who can, with an iota of errant, aberrant attention, nuke your noggin from orbit is not an optimal ontological option!"
"I wasn't... Never mind. Did Ysenof actually threaten to blow up my head?"
"I created a coloring book creature feature on my own, Mr. Clark. Ysenof is fixated on the fear of planting the pyrophysic's gray goo in a garden! He could completely carve your cranium into a canoe! Then I made the Star Wars analogy upgrade."
"What does Star Wars have to do with anything?"
"Wookies wrench and wreck limbs like legs and heads when they go guerilla. So, I bespoke a brain blasting wookie warrior, and sooo saw you having your head served up in a Slurpee cup! A furious physic could do something similar, perhaps the pyrophysic we're pursuing."
"Surprisingly, you kind of make sense, Abby. What does the all-knowing Ysenof suggest we do?"
"He's got nothing, Mr. Clark. Oh, shush a second..."
"What's he got to say?"
"Hope we have a hot hand."
"Great."
As John drove through the night, Abby and I both fell asleep. More succinctly, Abby's constant talking became a slurred mumbling, then she passed out. That allowed me to fall asleep too.
"I've got something! Wake up, Ysenof."
I woke up to what seemed to be a religious message, "The Followers of The Chosen" was painted in bright letters on the van in front of us at the gas station. John had detected something, either while he was pumping gas or getting something caffeinated to drink. I only knew that he was out of the car at a gas station. Because I was particularly groggy, my awareness of what was going on was not up to par.
"He's moving. We need to get going before I lose him."
"Will you plead pitifully for pardon if he's a she, Mr. Clark?"
"This is our pyrophysic. He seems familiar, and you two, as poor a pair of witnesses you are, did notice that it was a man that caused the explosive fire at Walmart."
"Then we're on the fast track to face the ferocious flamer!"
"Keep it down, Abby. I'm trying to concentrate here."
We soon got to a red light, which thankfully, John stopped for.
"He's getting away. He must be running red lights, because I can't keep up with him. He's also starting to flicker and bounce around. This amplifier contraption is crap, Ysenof."
"Ysenof says that's not a bug, it's a bonus feature! He's super-suffusing the physic inflater, Mr. Clark. You'll pursue that pyro like a heat-seeking hellfire now!"
"I've lost him, guys."
"Ysenof suggests you stop scurrying, sporto, and quit your worrywarting. Follow the furtive fugitive physic's previous path. We're the protagonists! We can't keep our date with destiny if we don't meet the malefactor in the battle bowl eventually."
"Did Ysenof say all of that?"
"Ysenof intro, Abby finale, Mr. Clark."
Abby's curt response to John was indicative of the tension in the situation. The next couple miles of driving and impatient waiting at red lights was quiet. Then Abby got excited.
"Mr. Clark's found his physic, Ysenof! Our rile-o-matic rival isn't bounding for the butte, either. Mr. Clark is going to nab him by his knickers! The epic epilogue in the pyrophysic portrayal looms large. Special Agent John Clark faces the nefarious and precarious malefic menace, the Intermittently Explosive Pyrophysic!"
As we made our way into the neighborhood and got near where John sensed the pyrophysic to be, there was a lot more light than one would expect for the middle of the night. The flashing lights of several fire trucks and the irregular light from the burning house made my nausea from recently being woke up worse.
"I think he's inside the burning house."
"The pyrophysic went super-psycho pyro-ratical on his pyro-pad?! Hey! That's a million shades of mean, both of you bozos!"
Clearly, the pyrophysic was one of the fire fighters since we had followed him there. Abby's statement was so dumb that we collectively could not help but sub-vocalize about how stupid it was.
John was quick to action. He got out of the car and went over to a fireman that seemed like he was in charge. I tried to keep up, but in the excitement I forgot my ultra-ray in the car. As I retrieved it, the people standing around watching the fire started to cheer. Then John started pointing at the fireman that had newly emerged from the building carrying a young child.
As John walked toward the fireman with his badge out, our pyrophysic put the child down and retreated back into the burning house. While John seized a breathing apparatus and coat, I pursued the pyrophysic to make sure that he did not get away.
"You're conducting a colossally cretinous contra-kilter charge, Ysenof! Don't storm and stampede the conflagrating castle like an intrepid idiot to impress me. It's Mr. Clark's task to take the IEP by the granules. You're supposed to be support squad!"
The burning house presented a small threat to me. In my years of physic experiments, I had developed the ability to alter my immediate environment without thinking about it too much. My shield resisted local change in temperature by providing high and low resistance paths to redirect excited molecules. The particulates larger than elemental compounds regularly found in the atmosphere were easily swept away as well. The real challenge was dealing with the unusually high concentrations of carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide, the gaseous products of combustion. The largest distraction was the particularly dangerous carbon monoxide. I had to more tightly control the pockets of high and low pressure around me to keep my personal air supply fresh.
Some of the properties of my shield had been responsible for the pyrophysic failing to harm me at Walmart. I was not sure that he did not have a trick I could not deal with, but it seemed unlikely that going into the building posed a huge risk to me. The real risk would be letting John go in by himself. The pyrophysic had made a substantial mistake by taking the confrontation into the burning building where visibility would be impaired, but it was not a sure thing that John and his ability to know where the pyrophysic was without seeing would win. Therefore, I went in to help stack the deck.
I could not see much with all of the infrared spectrum pollution and I am not the best at noticing things I do not anticipate, but that was not my plan. The pyrophysic could not see us very well either, which meant he probably did not recognize me from Walmart. That made fending him off easier. His first trick was to try and set my heat resistant clothing on fire. When I noticed the traces of atomic breakdown and felt the vibrational energy in my shirt increase to where normal cloth would ignite, I was amused. He had taken my exposed clothing bait, and five or six hundred degrees was not going to ignite my shirt. I produced a conduit to diffuse the energy he had built up in my clothes. Then I pushed the molecular interference field outward. His next attempt would be more serious, and would probably come in a more unexpected way.
As he increased his effort to ignite my clothing, I gained insight into his process as he tried to create an energy release through atomic destabilization. The observation did not meaningfully improve my performance in the confrontation. That is not my strong suit. It did make me confident that he would not be successful against me, because he could not see what he was doing. My shield was doing two things that thwarted him. First, it altered his perception of what was on the other side. In other words, I was molecularly blurred. Second, the electromagnetic and particle radiation he was generating to try harming me was being diffracted unpredictably, completely screwing up his carefully calculated destruction. I was a black box he would not figure out in the space of a few minutes while navigating a burning house.
We continued to move around as the building started to fall down on us. I frequently lost track of his location, though I was reminded that he had not lost track of me when some new form of energy interrogated my shield. Each time, it told me which direction he was in currently and gave me a few moments to move away from him.
Then, one of his probes got through in such a way that it was a bit energizing. It felt like a jolt of a stimulant, like caffeine does in your brain, except it was in my physic network. I got a second wind. It helped reduce my fatigue from the many physic feats I had performed earlier that day. Cushioning a potential collision between Abby's car and a fuel truck had taken a lot out of me. The phenomenon was more interesting than useful at the time. This is because John had finally snuck up and tased the pyrophysic while he was trying to boil me from the inside out.
Once the pyrophysic was down, John tried to talk to me through his mask. I could not understand what he was trying to say, and I did not care. I had an important task to perform and nothing was going to stop me, certainly not John and his partially expended taser. I applied the diffraction gel to the pyrophysic's forehead and pressed the ultra-ray to the oily patch as he lay prone on the ground and set the geometric adjustment to account for the entry angle and the shape of his head. Then, I watched his physic granules crack as I dialed up the power.

9.End
10_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"Local Hero in Hospital"
by Tatianne Hiker

Local hero, fireman Herman Fite, lays in a coma at Banner Desert Medical Center after rescuing six-year-old Joey Collins from a burning home early on Friday morning.
The Mesa Fire Department was called to the Collins residence shortly after 1:30AM. The conflagration that eventually consumed the entire house reportedly began in the garage. Roselyn Collins and her three children were asleep and woke up to the blaring of fire alarms.
"I called 911 and got Sylvia and Georgie out of the house immediately," she said of her two youngest children. "I thought Joey was right behind me."
Fite and his fellow firefighters had arrived at that point. Without a second thought, Fite entered the building and returned many tense minutes later with Joey Collins in his arms. After leaving the child with the emergency response team, Fite re-entered the building.
"That's not surprising to me at all," said Sergeant Bill Walker, ladder chief. "That's the type of guy Herman is."
During Fite's second foray into the burning building, he was knocked out. An FBI Special Agent who was presumably investigating arson, John Clark, pulled Fite's unconscious body from the remains of the building. Fite was not burned and still had his breathing apparatus on. The cause of his condition is unknown.
"That hasn't yet been determined, although we suspect that a heavy object fell on him," stated Dr. Alvin Baker, Fite's attending physician at Desert Medical. "He's in stable condition and we're still running tests and hoping for the best."
Investigators from the Federal Bureau of Investigation were on the scene of the house fire, though according to Walker, arson isn't suspected. "There's a pretty clear indication that the fire was caused by faulty wiring in the garage."
The FBI has been tight-lipped about what is likely a serial arsonist in the Phoenix Metro area. Their investigation included the blaze that recently claimed the automotive section in a Mesa Walmart.
"I just thank God that Herman Fite rescued my Joey," said Rosalyn Collins. "I'll be praying for him to wake up so I can thank him."

10_epigraph.End
10.Start

John was not pleased with what my ultra-ray did to Herman Fite. That was the name of the pyrophysic that we confronted in the burning house. Herman got out of the house alive, but he ended up in the hospital. They had not yet diagnosed him as being in a persistent vegetative state, but I was quite certain that it would only be a matter of time. I had run the ultra-ray a little hot and long, but physic granule destruction was not the cause of his condition. I had cracked most of them the correct amount to ensure that the contents did not leak too quickly. I could have done a better job by running the ultra-ray at lower power for a substantially longer duration, which would have done less collateral astrocyte damage.
The preeminent problem was that I had damaged a lot of neuronal vesicles. They did not absorb as much energy as the granules did, but vesicles are balls of loosely held together cell membrane that contain packages of neurotransmitters. It does not take an exceptional quantity of energy to make holes in a lipid bi-layer, which is mostly held together by hydrodynamics. I had been especially worried about the cytoskeletons and other cellular infrastructure being damaged, but all of that held up pretty well from what I saw.
The scenario did not go over well with John's boss. He did not like it that a well-regarded fire fighter ended up in the hospital with brain damage after being chased into a burning house by an FBI agent. The fact that there was no evidence of Fite having committed a crime made it worse. 
The incident did not go over very well with John either. He arrested me. I could have not let him by keeping my shield at maximum slipperiness, but there was no point. John was my ride home, at least to the FBI office.
One might think that I have spent a lot of time thinking about how I could have done a better job in this situation. People have a tendency to second guess themselves when someone ends up dead or incapacitated when they were involved. Herman Fite ending up in a coma was not an ideal outcome. If I had anticipated the damage to his neuronal vesicles, my first attempt to neutralize a hostile physic without killing him might have turned out better. He would not have been in a coma and I would not have been dealing with John's anger.
I did not see the situation that way, however. There are a lot of things that can go wrong when doing such a complex procedure with experimental equipment for the first time. The chances of the procedure going well were low, which I knew going in. Fite's previous actions and his anticipated future behavior dictated that he be neutralized. I did my best to make the only reasonable solution work. I also made the failure count by trying to learn from my mistakes, so hopefully, the next physic that needed to be neutralized would not end up in a coma or dead.
The failure that did haunt me was my pursuit of the kids on the rail. First, I did not notice I was getting on the Metro in the first place. Then I stumbled around the car in a ridiculously conspicuous manner. Second, if John had managed to detect the pyrophysic, he would have been forced to choose between babysitting me or doing his job. Finally, I proved myself incapable of tracking a couple of kids on public transportation. The whole endeavor exposed my flaws in a very public way. I did not notice what was going on around me and did not handle a changing situation. This culminated with my detention by a fare inspector. The only things I had done right were scanning the one kid and binding that guy's socks to his shoes.
You might question how valuable binding socks to shoes really is, but restraint when you can do what ever you want without repercussion is harder to come by than you might think. The real strength of that punishment is that it takes significant effort, which gives me a chance to cool down when I am angry.
Compared to that day, the conflict with the pyrophysic was a resounding success.
Letting John arrest me was not very fun. Besides giving me the time and the boredom to ruminate over past failings, being constrained to a limited number of positions is uncomfortable. I also do not like being touched, much less pushed around, which is the real reason why I like having a shield that makes me slippery. John locked me in an interrogation room and did not give me a bathroom break. He took all of my electronics, and I could not do anything about it, either. I did not want anyone in the FBI to know about our being physic, so I could not do anything suspicious like resist arrest, or break out of my handcuffs and the room John had locked me in.
Besides, I would have had to find out where John hid my stuff. It would have been tedious to track down the cell phones amongst the many in the office, though if they were all together, it might not have been too bad. Finding phones that had been disconnected from their power supplies would have been challenging to say the least. Then, dealing with unfamiliar FBI agents would probably have ended with shoes bonded to socks or, possibly, mass sterilization. That would have plainly made John even more angry at me.
I was so bored that I contemplated trying to interface with a wireless network directly so I could get on the internet. That, of course, was a ridiculous idea. The Wi-Fi signal in the FBI office was probably WPA encrypted, which is not all that impressive, but still a major chore to break. The cellular signals would be easier, but they were still encoded and required account and hardware identification codes. Further, I have not learned a single one of the 3G or LTE modulation and bandwidth sharing protocols. All of this is very complex, but it is merely the tip of the iceberg. Data I would be receiving would be further encoded. Picture files, ASCII, HTML, Flash, the list goes on and on. It takes a ridiculous quantity of decoding to look at the simplest web page.
This is why I buy cell phones to do the task for me. Learning English was bad enough. Learning to simultaneously do frequency and amplitude modulation and demodulation while switching between frequency bands as directed by the base station is my idea of Hell on Earth. Forget about the whole treacherous iceberg of other languages. English and C are more than enough for me.
Instead, I decided to examine the sound dampening material used in the walls of the interrogation room. Mostly, I learned how not to design sound dampening material. Within a few minutes, I was substantially improving the sound wave absorbing properties of the walls in the range of frequencies detectable by the human ear or that might vibrate objects in an adjoining room.
As I was contemplating turning the metal in my chair into rhodium, Abby interrupted my boredom.
"I'm hurrying hither and thither to pull your Pooky out of the pokey, Ysenof! The FBI has a geek-a-rific tech teeter-totter that has Ysenof Iliad inscribed all over it! There's a bay for a batter fridge and a workstation for woefully wicked waffle workings! You'll be begging to move in the moment you behold the bounty!"
I had been in the interrogation room long enough to seriously test my bladder. I was toying with the idea of a physic solution, but making a half pound of water disappear from inside your body simply does not happen. I insisted we make a pit stop before she showed me the workroom where John intended to lock me up.
The Phoenix FBI's computer support staff workroom was not used very often. It was an artifact of a time when they did more of their own computer support and was co-located with the machinery used to shred physical classified documents. Although currently out of use, the room was not run down or otherwise a low-grade space. It had a more industrial motif than the offices. It looked more like a server room, and I was surprised that there were not any housed there.
"Mr. Clark has declared this domain Ysenland! Hardcopy classified communications is so 1990. That hulking hunk of proprietary paper pulpification is a destitute desert, derelict, vacant, a void! Therefore, your security clearance deficiency won't be a deterrence. I'm your security supervisor, so I know the score! They're expeditiously easy-baking a badge as we good-naturedly gab!"
Abby was supposed to start driving me into the office in the morning and home in the evening, but my mom signed me up for Dial-A-Ride instead. She also got Abby on the bus too. That was very good, because it definitely was not safe for anyone with Abby on the road.
John needed to justify the hiring of Abby and me full time with results that could be reported. He wanted us to work on cases related to physic individuals, but he also did not want to tell his superiors the whole story about what a physic was. Therefore, he needed results that were reportable on normal cases or physic cases that could be passed off as normal. Results like we had with Herman Fite were not reportable as success, and could easily be perceived as negligence or criminal. John made it very clear that we could not have another case end like that.
One would think that solving FBI cases using physic talents would not be very challenging. Abby could read quite a lot of what people were thinking, which would make information gathering decidedly easier. The problem was that interrogations were monitored and there needed to be an explanation for where her information was coming from. This meant that the information needed to be transformed into a form that could hide how it was obtained and suggest another method.
John wanted me to "invent" a plausible device that could be responsible for Abby's mind reading. That would have been a very bad idea, because then someone would want the device installed elsewhere and it would not work without Abby's assistance. It would be better if we avoided working at the office when we were doing physic feats that could not be explained. Most important was to keep Abby from doing her job near other agents, because she most certainly would not be able to transform what she learned into something that could be passed off as merely reading emotional cues. She would need help to do that and I was quite sure John and I were not going to be sufficient assistance.
I knew that cases often hinged on having information that could be used in court to obtain a conviction. However, I also knew that knowing that a particular criminal was guilty of murder was not the same as knowing where he had disposed of the murder weapon or which witness he had intimidated into not turning him in. While information that Abby obtained would not be useful in court, it could be very useful in finding exactly the right evidence that would solve a case. We did not need her in the interrogation room where she would have all eyes on her. We needed her on the street.
My usefulness to the FBI was less obvious than Abby's. I had developed technology to enhance John's tracking ability, but my abilities that pertained to dealing with other physica were not as obviously useful. While we knew that taking Fite down was a very difficult victory, it was at best an accomplishment of nothing as far as the FBI was concerned.
My talents could be useful in a situation where there was a standoff with a criminal. I could see through walls and manipulate the appliances in a building to malfunction in our favor. It is a rather trivial exercise for me to make most any environment uninhabitable or merely unpleasant. Convincing the FBI that I was the one providing this value was a bit more difficult. As soon as I created devices that could ostensibly be used to perform these sorts of environmental manipulations, I would find myself in the same situation as the aforementioned mind reading device. I had to be careful to create the appearance that I was using a combination of tools with labyrinthine operation and improvisation to get my results. Sometimes, I actually had a device to do the job. Abby was not lying to FBI security when she said some of my phones were energy projectors.
In addition to using our physic talents to bolster the Phoenix FBI office's investigative prowess, John also wanted to expand the physic talent pool available to him. This meant that we spent many an evening roaming the Phoenix metro area in search of people with physic talent.
I prepared John's amplifier for the task by setting the high pass filter to eighty percent of the diameter of my physic granules. That would keep the false positives from the kids we had met from interfering with the search. I set the low pass filter to five times that diameter, more than a third more than Abby's. Anything larger would not really fit in cells very well. I also had not seen granules larger than Abby's. Further, I did not have reason to believe that larger granules would yield a physic that was functional.
I had a concern regarding the search for more physic talent. We had covered quite a lot of ground while looking for the pyrophysic, Herman Fite. In all of that area, a significant portion of South Phoenix and the East Valley, John had no other hits. So, either people with physic talents were very rare, or John was doing more than detecting physic granules when he did his search. He had indicated that he knew the kids were not the pyrophysic when we stopped them, which made me wonder about John's motivation. Clearly he had not been completely focused on finding the pyrophysic. He had stopped to gather information about individuals that were not his quarry. This told me that John's talent was more complex than I first thought, as were his motivations. It made me wonder whether he had filtered some physica out on that fateful night when we had caught up to Herman Fite. All of this made me decide to more carefully observe John as he did his search.

10.End
11_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"Gangland Violence Claims Dirty Dozen"
by Tatianne Hiker

Twelve young men lost their lives Tuesday night in circumstances that are being described by Phoenix police as "bizarre."
"The only way I can put it," said Phoenix Police Detective Ryan Peterson, "is that these boys mistakenly took guns to a sword fight with Shiva the Destroyer."
Peterson's lurid description invoking the Hindu goddess was not without basis in fact. Witnesses at the Clear Sky trailer park near Indian School Road and Highway 17 claim they saw a gaunt woman with a sword, possibly a katana, in the area at the time the attack occurred.
"To be honest," said Peterson of the victims, "for offenders with records like these guys, it's not surprising that they came to a bad end at a young age." All of the victims were cleaved one or more times in a manner that could have been caused by the katana seen in the possession of the unknown woman. Katanas have blades as long as 28 inches. They are legal to carry statewide in Arizona after 2010's legislation that disallowed local regulation of knives.
The young men, the oldest 23 and the youngest 17, were well known to Clear Sky residents. The trailer park has been a suspected hub of drug trafficking despite recent increased occupancy at Clear Sky and other nearby parks. None of the residents were willing to make statements.
"I doubt that these wounds were inflicted by someone with a sword, whether they be a thin woman or Shaquille O'Neal," said Peterson. "The style of these murders is likely to be the mark of a new gang we haven't seen before." Peterson added that it was likely that the drug offenders were taken unaware. None of them had significant wounds other than where they were cleaved.
"Shots were fired," said Peterson, "but they could have been warning shots, since none seemed to have hit their mark."
Police are still seeking information regarding this crime. If you have information regarding the murders at Clear Sky or any other murder, report it to the Phoenix Police Department.
No other residents or bystanders at Clear Sky were injured as a result of the incident.

11_epigraph.End
11.Start

The story of how we met the physic we came to know as Nemesis was very similar to our misadventure in Tempe during the bank heist where we met the kids with the small physic granules in their neurons. We were out on one of John's physic patrols when chatter picked up on the police and Abby channels.
"It sounds like a situation with a street howitzer exchange ensuing in a fixed-foundation challenged community, right Mr. Clark?! Are we blazing in to back them up?"
"No one is there yet, Abby. Who are we supposed to provide backup for?"
"We'll group our troop with the good guys, Mr. Clark!"
"What if they are all drug dealers, Abby? Are we going to find out which one is the good drug dealer and which one is the bad drug dealer?"
We went to the trailer park anyway. Apparently, John had detected a physic in the area and it so happened that the individual was in the vicinity of where the gunshots had been reported. As we pulled up, Abby reported the events blow by blow as she usually did.
"My peepers perceive a perturbation of the peace, and she's an anorexic amazon with a samurai sword! I'll swami she's going to go ginsu on some sucker scallywags' cleft-covered keisters!"
That was when the shooting started, which was very loud and bright for a short while. A few stray bullets got closer to us than was comfortable, though nothing hit the car.
"Holy bulletproof onna bugeisha, Mr. Clark! They hit her with a family-sized feast of flash, bang, and lead. They should have upgraded to express on the memo to magnify their inadequate arsenal. She put Usain Bolt out to pasture with that sudden stampede! Eww. The crime scene clean-up crew is going to be trawling teeth and bloody bits from this caper 'til December!"
"She definitely can move and knows how to use that sword. I sure hope she's not like the pyrophysic. I think the APC is in maintenance this week."
While Abby continued to narrate, John had stopped the car and gotten out. I was not sure what he was planning to do against a woman that could shrug off bullets and chop people in half with her trusty katana, but I am not an FBI Special Agent either. They might teach them to always do the dumbest thing that comes to mind when they train them at Quantico. I was too busy trying to check her brain for physic granules to seriously decide what John should or should not do in the situation.
I got out of the car with John, but it was not because I wanted to confront the gaunt woman. I merely needed to get closer so I could take a better look for her physic granules. All of her moving around had made her very hard to keep track of. Then, she moved away, which further thwarted me.
"This is the FBI, drop your weapons and put your hands in the air."
"Hardware's clicking and clattering like dinnerware in a diner, Mr. Clark, but even a roguish rain-faker in the Sahara will sometimes be a miracle maker."
I kept walking toward the woman as she rummaged through the bodies of the dismembered gunmen. Once I was close enough to look for physic granules, I stopped. John kept pace with me. He had his handgun out, despite it clearly being useless. At the very least, it seemed more likely to cause problems than help.
"You should concentrate on your communication competency, Ysenof! How is someone supposed to use you as a physic fortress when you don't beacon before abrupt braking? We should suspend traffic safety signals on your rear end!"
Abby had been following me without my realizing it. I noticed her glancing off my shield right before she got angry with me. It distracted me from looking for the sword woman's physic granules.
"Stay behind Ysenof, Abby. You shouldn't be out here."
"Okay, Mister Damsel in Sheep's Clothing. Get in there and begin the ballet to become a Fed physic fillet!"
The three-way standoff had me feeling like I was an impromptu tree being used for cover in The Good, The Bad and The Ugly. Looking inside the woman was not as straightforward as looking into most people. There were structures inside of her that disrupted the electromagnetic waves I used to take a look around. Information was garbled, which meant it took longer to identify what I was looking at. Still, it did not take me long to find physic granules, because the woman was teeming with them. They were in every cell I checked, and the variety was staggering. Meanwhile, John stood his ground and the woman got up from her rifling and contemplated the silly FBI agent. It was a relief when she broke the nervous standoff silence.
"You're not going to go away, are you?"
"You're right, I'm not. My name is John Clark. I'm with the FBI, and we're looking for people like you."
"Are you looking for retribution? If you are, you've come to the right place. My name is Nemesis, and I'll bring your death if you'd like."
"It looks like you've done a good job of bringing retribution to some violent criminals here. However, this will only lead to you being branded as a criminal. I have a proposal to make you, but we need to leave before the authorities arrive."
"Did you do a cerebrum switcheroo between Mr. Clark and a charismatic con-man with your fancy physic photonics, Ysenof? I'm currently combating a charm-gasm from Mr. Clark's flattering!"
Contrary to logic, John did indeed manage to get Nemesis to come along with us. It seemed that I was the only one nervous about the woman that could "go ginsu" at any moment, as Abby so aptly put it. The interrogation of our unwitting new recruit began the moment she and Abby settled in the back seat.
"Glad greetings and meetings, Miss Nemesis. Welcome to the FBI's finest physic force! Is that a sincerely straight-up samurai sword, or a fake phony? Also, forgive me for flapping freely, but you look wanting for waffles and chicken, really!"
Nemesis did not respond to Abby's superficial get to know you questions in the car and Abby did not tell the rest of us what Nemesis was thinking. It made me wonder what Abby had heard or if she could hear Nemesis at all. After Abby's icebreaker fell flat, the ride was uncharacteristically quiet on the way to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles.
I was expecting John to have to use his badge to get us out of there, but that did not actually happen. The police must not have been in a manic race to get to the gunfight. We did not proceed back to the office with Nemesis. We discussed physic business as little as possible in the office, because there are either people or cameras in an FBI office. Since we were supposed to be secret, we needed to avoid being found out. Abby was not so good for keeping secrets, but nobody took her particularly seriously. The torrent of verbiage was too much information to sift through to get anything of use.
On occasions like this, we went out for waffles and chicken at Lo-Lo's. I did not much care for their chicken, or anyone's chicken for that matter, but that is not why I liked going there. I liked their waffles quite a lot. They were not as good as my recipe, but a little variety is nice. Also, they went very nicely with a side of smothered potatoes. I did not have a laboriously compiled recipe for smothered potatoes, so I appreciated them more than the waffles. I did not eat them together of course, that would be disgusting. I do not understand how people can mix different flavored food together like that. At Lo-Lo's they serve the chicken on top of the waffles, and most people eat them together on the same plate. Sweet and savory do not go together. I do not care what millions of sweet and sour chicken lovers think.
The first thing that we learned about Nemesis was that she had an enormous appetite, three regular entrees of chicken and waffles worth. That is six pieces of chicken and three plate-sized waffles. She definitely was not anorexic as Abby had first suggested, notwithstanding the fact that she was so thin that you could see the bones under her skin. I could have guessed that she was bulimic instead, but they are not known for binge eating in public. My guess was that her physic granules were working overtime and her stomach could barely keep up. I planned to take a closer look after finishing my waffles to see where all of her physic granules were and what they looked like.
"So Nemesis, what does a drug-dealer-ginsuing physic superwoman do for day duties?"
"Um, I'm a nurse at the neonatal intensive care unit at St. Joseph's Hospital downtown."
"Wowza what a coincidence, a convergent couplet! I was birthed at St. Joseph's and was a teeny tiny premie. We're sooo investigating our intertwined inception! All of us popped out premature at St. Joseph's pediatric! I predict all premies are potentially formidable physica. Isn't that super-cool like Paula Abdul?!"
Abby is not a very analytical person, so her enthusiasm carried her well away from what was probably going on. There was little doubt that the revelation of our shared history as premature births at the same hospital was meaningful with regard to our being physic. However, the fact that we were all born at the same exact hospital made it most likely that our being premature was not the cause, but somehow part of the process of becoming a physic.
I had observed that physic granules were not regulated by the cell's DNA and protein signaling system. They also were not in every cell like mitochondria are, though it seemed that Nemesis had physic granules of different sizes and configurations distributed through most of her cells. This made me think that the origin of our being physic was not nature, but an experiment. If physic granules being inside of us was an experiment, then there had to be an experimenter. That would explain all of us being born at the same hospital. It also meant that we should have had the same doctor or had significant overlap in our doctors. The first step in finding out the origin of physic granules would be to get more information about the births of myself, John, Abby and Nemesis.

11.End
12_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"Terror at Local Hospital"
by Tatianne Hiker

Phoenix Police and Fire, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are trying to piece together the narrowly averted tragedy at St. Joseph's Hospital Tuesday morning. Six adults and one juvenile, all male, are dead. The hospital's neonatal ward is in chaos after the assailants entered the ward and opened fire in a remote hallway. Authorities have declined to provide information about who or what was attacked.
The men smuggled gym bags filled with pistols, ammunition and explosives into the secure newborn intensive care unit. The hospital staff and FBI personnel miraculously avoided injury, even after the detonation of the explosives. The only fatalities or injuries were to the assailants. Why a hospital was targeted remains unknown at this time and investigators are refusing to speculate.
FBI employee Abby Skipper, part of the team that was on site due to an unrelated matter, seemed uncertain as to the cause of the attack. "They simply started shooting," said Skipper. "I neglected to notice the ne'er-do-wells. Slinging smoke-wagons is surreal behavior with bouncing babies to be saving. Infinitesimal infants, too. A plethora of premies, just like me."
Skipper and a second FBI employee, Ysenof Martyn, neutralized the men, which led to the attackers to set off the explosives. The resulting explosion is suspected to be the only cause of death in the incident.
"I have no doubt," said Phoenix firefighter and arson investigator, Arnold Huff, "these men were on a puzzling suicide mission."
None of the hospital's patients were injured, though patients were temporarily evacuated to other parts of the hospital. "There's only been superficial damage to the building," said Huff. "The neonatal ward should be back up and running very soon."
FBI employees Skipper and Martyn were on the premises investigating an unrelated matter. Both employees, who are not law enforcement, were unharmed in the attack.

12_epigraph.End
12.Start

Nemesis' real name was Pauline Morcet. We found this out at the end of the evening when she ate more waffles and chicken than I thought was humanly possible. It was a bit surprising that we managed to get her real name. Once it came out that we had a common birth connection, all other thoughts were lost. I forgot to take a closer look at her physic granules. Through it all, there was one thing that kept bugging me. It seemed that whoever was responsible for our physic granules was not monitoring their experiments. Why would someone do an experiment and not measure the results? We were an experiment, were we not?
My curiosity about the origin of physic granules led to a trip to St. Joseph's hospital the next day for Abby and me. One of the people on our Dial-A-Ride got off there, so it was not difficult for us to stop at the hospital on an impromptu basis. St. Joseph's also was not very far from the office, so getting in to work afterward would not be a significant challenge. The hard part was getting someone to take Abby seriously, so we could get our questions about obstetric staff from the Eighties answered. Abby has a tendency to chatter on about unimportant things, which I am quite sure makes people think she does not actually work for the FBI.
Despite our shortcomings, we managed to get into the newborn intensive care unit. Abby could hear people's internal dialogues, which helped her avoid detection when it was necessary. Getting past the RFID security was trivial for me. All I had to do was see someone successfully signal past the system. That allowed me to copy the circuit activation in the receiver and completely bypass simulating the response a card might make from one of many possible interrogation signals. Despite being well equipped to infiltrate the hospital's secure sections, it took us hours to do so. Mostly, we were slowed by our attempts to get in through legitimate law enforcement means.
As we were wandering around, trying to figure out how to get access to the information we wanted while avoiding nosy staff, we ran into Nemesis.
"Miss Nemesis! Eyeballing you in the office took my psyche for a spin. The distinctive difference has me reflexively rubbernecking again and again!"
"Are you talking to me? Do I know you?"
"Oopsie-doodle! A sprocket got stuck in my neural network. You wish to waylay your extra-curricular events to the down-low or below! Hi, Miss Morcet. Could you cooperate with us to discover documents on obstetrics individuals important in our childbirth complement?"
"I wouldn't help you access confidential records if I could. Who are you, and how do you know my name?"
"I'm Abby Skipper with the FBI. Don't you delight in giving a gaggle of gangsters a premature plug pulling? How about our post-plunder poultry wallowing and waffling at Lo-Lo's?"
Nemesis simply stood there and looked at us while Abby handed her a business card.
"Pardon us for pestering you at the plough, Miss Morcet. You'll discover homey harbor with John Clark. Ring-a-ling us for a rendezvous!"
 "I don't work here..."
Right after she gave Nemesis the business card, Abby started to scream and babble, just like she had at the Metro station. However, this time it was only the beginning of our problems. As we heard the clacking of firearms being charged, Nemesis stepped out between us and the noisy intruders, shielding us with her body.
"You two, stay down. I'll take care of this."
I did my best to cover Abby, since I had a projectile resistant shield. Nemesis did not know my capabilities, so I suspect that she was more worried about us than she should have been. What happened next can be best described as a cat pawing at a swarm of flies that have been robbed of the behavioral sense to fly away.
The group that opened fire with machine pistols were good and quick enough shots to hit Nemesis a couple dozen times before she closed the gap between them. They were inaccurate enough to slide a few rounds off of me as well. None of them were lucky enough to hit Abby.
The dynamics of my shield are not a simple thin bubble membrane that bounces bad stuff away from me. It is more like a region I am constantly scanning and managing. The kinetic defenses come from the management of the molecules in space immediately around an approaching object. By causing molecules to collide on one side and bind on the other, the impact on an object's trajectory can be profound. Since the interaction is with the surface of the incoming object, my shield is most effective against small objects with a high surface area to volume ratio. Bullets are less dangerous than a substantially slower bus. 
Taking this principle to an extreme, an explosion, whose force is carried by molecules, would be the least dangerous. This is not precisely the case. The sheer quantity of threats would create a data overload for me if the same principles were used for defense. For a large number of higher speed threats such as an explosion, I can prepare paths of high and low resistance if I anticipate a path of danger. On this particular occasion, I had my shield prepared for any eventuality. Nemesis was haphazardly flinging crazy people about.
Of course, all of this shield related activity takes energy, some of which comes from me, but mostly from the environment. If the EPA had known about me, they might have taken steps to regulate what I did.
What this means is, people often walk through my shielded region. When they do, they are ruffled. Someone that walks in a path that is askew of me will encounter unpredictable resistance that can end up tripping them up, but seldom stops them cold. That is what happened to the pyrophysic Herman Fite at Walmart. This unpredictability was why I could not be certain that Abby would make it through the confrontation without being hit. She was engulfed by the back side of my pillow, but I was not certain it was good enough to keep her safe.
In her initial charge, Nemesis did a leaping acrobatic kick that seemed physically impossible. She hit a couple of bad guys at the same time and made them fly back into the walls of the hallway like they were in a bad action movie. Unlike men in the aforementioned fiction, they did not get back up.
After incapacitating two of the gunmen's number, Nemesis focused her attention on the lone teenager in the bunch. The kid was not as fast as Nemesis, but he was quicker in a way that implied to me his perception and decision making speed were well beyond normal. He successfully evaded her for what seemed like an eternity while many rounds were fired.
One of the other men in the group got between Nemesis and us, then turned his attention to where Abby and I were huddled on the floor. He shot a lot of rounds that slid off my back as I tried to cover Abby and he walked toward us. I had a difficult time concentrating while Abby was screaming. The force of the sound issuing from her was not powerful enough to be significantly attenuated by my shield, but I had better things to do than adjust the active processes in my shield to block her out.
I had a vague plan for such a situation. I would ionize as much hydrogen as possible in the collagen fibers lining one of his cardiac arteries. My intent was to create a sizable breach, which would cause a heart attack with complications from blood leaking into the thoracic cavity. I got the energy rolling with some fusion. What I did to make this happen was very similar to how the ultra-ray worked. A lot of low energy electromagnetic waves were focused on groups of four carbon atoms in a tropocollagen complex. A rather long list of physical manipulations took place to induce those carbon atoms to fuse into two magnesium atoms or a sodium and an aluminum. I was doing this quick and dirty, so I was not very precise about the end product. What I wanted was to produce energy. That energy ionized the hydrogen atoms in the vicinity of the fusion and made all of the local atoms more susceptible to further fusion and ionization events.
The process of destroying the lining of one of the man's major cardiac arteries took milliseconds. The long list of steps to produce an individual fusion took microseconds. My physic granules could do their job faster than I could direct them. The only meaningful delays were my slow decision making and the heart's response to an ischemic event. He did not immediately collapse as his heart struggled to pump against the building pressure in the thoracic cavity while myocardial glycogen stores dwindled. As a result, the man got many more rounds off than I would have liked. Fortunately, he expired before he hit the Abby lottery.
While I had been dealing with my own personal crazed gunman, Nemesis had reduced the quick kid to a crumpled mass and was smashing the remaining gunmen against the walls. That was when a monkey emerged, seemingly from nowhere, and ran down the hall away from Abby, me, and the fracas. Not long after the monkey cleared the hallway, there was an explosion. Abby and I slid a couple of feet from the blast. Luckily, I had a tight grip on her, because if she had slid under me, she would have been at the mercy of the concussive forces produced by the blast. Nemesis was knocked past us, along with the remaining couple of men that had not fallen to the ground yet. Unlike her defeated enemies, Nemesis got up and ran down the hallway, presumably in pursuit of the monkey, although it seemed a bit late.
After Nemesis ran off, I took a look at the brain of the recently deceased teenager. As I suspected, he had physic granules. They were very small and were located in his neurons, exactly like the other kid I had inspected on the rail. I also noticed that the granules were present throughout his entire nervous system, which was why he and the kids that had probably robbed the bank moved so well. As supernaturally fast as she was, Nemesis had difficulty hitting him. The fight had been far more exciting than the methodical slaughter of the criminals the night before.
Fortunately, I had my ultra-ray in one of my cargo pockets. I took it out and proceeded to enable the teenager to donate what remained of his brain to science. His physic granules, which were my primary target, were smaller than Herman Fite's had been. Still, they had a carbon mesh membrane and would be suitable to test my adjustments to the granule pinging function. I had tweaked the algorithm that helped the device to target physic granules rather than softer structures like vesicles or non-spherical structures like the cytoskeleton.
It was unfortunate that there were not two physic kids to test. I did not do a very good job on the first try. The first test failed to properly target most of the physic granules, resulting in about a one third crack rate. I was able to re-tune the device and make a second attempt that cracked about eighty percent of the remainder, but I would have preferred to test it on a fresh brain. I also would have also preferred that he was still alive, so I could see how the process affected his brain function subsequently. Still, it was an enlightening exercise all the same.
Unfortunately, I was interrupted by the emergency response before I could run tests to intentionally target structures I did not want to damage. It took them a while to respond, but once the first person came in, the newborn intensive care ward was soon over-run by medical personnel wanting to attend to the wounded. Abby and I got out of there before they started asking too many questions.
On our way out of the hospital, we ran into Nemesis slumped on a bench in the atrium.
"Arise from the negative nonsense, Miss Nemesis. It's the just desserts division of the docket! Ysenof's paying the piper providing there are many mouth-watering waffles. My eyes estimate your eatings eclipse an Ethiopian village, so you shouldn't swing snout at the gravy train trimmings!"
One of the side effects of my employment by the FBI and association with John was that my materials business became dramatically more lucrative. John helped me get licensed as a mineral producer. This helped me get around limitations on the quantity of undocumented minerals that I could sell. I had previously been selling common precious metals in small quantities and designer elements to researchers. This left me with a large quantity of surplus bullion distributed around my mom's house.
According to my license application, I was allegedly mining and refining my products at a defunct mine near Tucson, Arizona. The owner of the property leased the mineral rights for a relatively small sum, which made it look like I was operating a mine. This allowed me to sell rare elements in larger quantities without dealing with annoying questions about where my product came from. I had no problems despite the fact that I was selling minerals mostly found in nickel mines, not a prominent product in Arizona. The minerals could also be found in copper mines, but I was concerned that scrutiny would put an end to my operation. Still, I ended up clearing about one and a half metric tons of bullion over the following year. My gross was in the high eight figures, so I could afford a few meals for friends.
I mention this because Abby had not benefited financially from her physic abilities and remained marginally employable due to her deficits. She could have done very well for herself if she were unscrupulous and maybe a little more discreet. She did not take advantage of people when she very easily could. That is why I paid for things like lunch when she would let me. I exaggerated how finicky I was about food, insisting on eating waffles frequently in order to justify this. I considered a strategy for getting her to accept a replacement for the junker car she had, but I did not really want to encourage her to drive.
Nemesis drove us to an IHOP not far from the hospital. Abby chattered the whole way with little response from Nemesis. Something was going wrong, but I could not figure out what it was. I decided to occupy myself during the ride and the wait at the restaurant by looking at Nemesis' physic granules. I had neglected them the night before and was eager to make up for lost time.
She had a lot of them. They were in most every cell of her body, not just neurons or glial cells. As I inspected the physically isolated regions that I suspected were hotbeds of quantum computing activity, I noticed anomalies.
I observed a non-random pattern in the constituent components of the ultra-dense seaborgium, hassium, and darmstadtium that were at the periphery of the isolation structures. There were regular, radical changes in the spins of the protons and electrons. I did not notice this from direct observation, but an indirect measurement of atomic electrical characteristics. For some reason, there was a lot of communication going on in her physic granules.
I pondered why I had not noticed this before, and came to the conclusion that the sheer number of physic granules and the different sizes were the reason. Larger brains, processors and supercomputers need more white matter, wire or network cable to communicate internally. In the same way, Nemesis' many networks of physic granules needed to perform more cross communication.
The first thing I did with my new knowledge was verify that the same process was occurring in Abby's physic granules. It was a substantially rarer phenomenon, but knowing what I was looking for made it possible to notice. Then, I realized that Abby would be a very good point of comparison. Intra-network communication would theoretically be the least in her granules. That would make it easier to distinguish inter-network communication from intra-network communication. Once I got an idea of the difference, I measured the processing density in Abby's physic granules. From that, I could estimate how large her individual quantum gate networks were. My estimate came out at somewhere on the order of ten billion entangled units.
In the land of computing, a billion isn't very much. The first desktop Intel processor to have a billion transistors was a four core processor that came out in 2011. The computational power of that processor is inconsequential when compared with the human brain, and multiplying by ten would not get much closer. However, while the computational power of a traditional computer scales linearly with the number of transistors, quantum computational capability scales exponentially.
There is a caveat with respect to the exponential computational growth of a quantum computer. There is a polynomial growth in the necessary logic to solve whole problems. This reduced my estimate of the computational capacity of the networks from 103000000000 to 101000 transistors. That is a one with a thousand zeroes. A billion is a one with nine zeroes. It is an absolutely staggeringly absurd quantity of computation power, and Abby had thousands of these networks in her head.
My estimate was probably still somewhat optimistic, but a very pessimistic adjustment would leave a lot of room between us and normal people. I suddenly realized that Abby could probably understand most any intelligent being she cared to, regardless of language or brain architecture. She had the resources to quite easily model their brain in minute detail.
"Nemesis, is anyone hunkered at the homestead? Pauline? It's time to dutifully devour your bounteous banquet of one!"
"Huh?"
"Ysenof, you're analyzing and auditing her gray goo with your x-ray eyes. Is she operating optimally with physic fidelity? Her booster boomers should be serviceable if nightmare knee-high ninjas with rat-a-tat gats keep coming to kill us. You're all manner of massacre-proof and Mr. Clark is a pretty proficient pyro pathfinder, but Nemesis is you both and a bad omen onna bugeisha all rolled into a deadly disorder."
I let Abby know that something was definitely unusual about Nemesis and it could be the cause of her disorientation. I also suggested that Abby stop going on about Nemesis and everything else in such a public way.
"Hey, you're the two from... Did I blackout?"
"Is this the true tattler tale? You narco-ed Nemesis nancy-knocking no-good gun-jockeys?!"
"What Nemesis does is real? Strange things have been going on that don't make sense to me, but I suspected that my dreams meant something. I didn't expect them to be literally real. Maybe I should simply go back to sleep, permanently."
"You're a superhero and slept through the show? That's the saddest, supremely surreal bummer ever! What's the what on the dirt-nap night-cap during the down and dirty?"
"I thought she was purely a persona I took on in some of my dreams. Then, earlier this year I had a blackout while shopping and woke up at home in bed. That was when I started to think that I might have dissociative identity disorder. Ever since, my dreams of Nemesis have been more vivid. Sometimes, it seems like my memories of her slaughtering her foes with her sword are way more real than my own. Last night, I remember being an onna bugeisha who protected her village from ronin, then was honored at a victory feast. When I blacked out at the hospital earlier, I had a dream of protecting a pair of children from assassins who were after them. For some reason, I knew that the assassins were disobeying their master, a leader in our village. Every time it seems to get worse. I'm afraid that soon all I will be is Nemesis."
John's arrival interrupted an interesting story and a rather good waffle. I am not a big fan of Belgian style waffles like they serve at most breakfast restaurants, but IHOP does a pretty good one, so I was disappointed when he demanded that Abby and I leave immediately. Still, the lunch was a very informative, if brief, encounter. Not only did I get a chance to better analyze Nemesis' physic granules and learn more about their networking properties, but I figured out where Abby learned what an onna bugeisha was.
"You two have a lot to answer for. A hospital neo-natal ward was blown up and a teenager was killed too. There is a pile of paperwork to be done back in the office, and I'll be damned if I'm the only one that's going to suffer through it."
I made good on Abby's free lunch promise by putting enough money on the table to cover the bill and we left Pauline and Nemesis by themselves. Abby complained bitterly the whole way back to the office.
"You're a schmuck like Scrooge, Mr. Clark. Pauline is all by her lonesome and is worried and weary that she has dissociative identity disorder, then we dropped her without a supporter! Her brain's being invaded by an amoral alien identity. She cavalried us from crazed gunmen, so we should slay her deep down demon! Steer this ship stage stern, we have rubber to burn!"
"That sounds like a pretty big psychological analysis, Abby. I find it difficult to believe that you're qualified to make a psychological assessment like that. Nemesis is a big girl and can take care of herself."
"Bigger brains in both Pauline and Ysenof say suck it, Mr. Clark. Pauline has nursing know-how and Ysenof's intellect looms large over your comical clown-car cranium! Pauline and Nemesis show signs of the symptoms summarized in the DSM and there's no trace that they were induced or produced by chemical lace!"
"Does Ysenof have the Diagnostic Statistics Manual memorized?"
"Don't be a silly Willy Wonka, Mr. Clark. Ysenof isn't Rain Man retarded! He ogled it in online space with his natty neural interface."
"Of course, the guy with a dozen cell phones and an electronic brain interface is always connected."
"He has fourteen fantabulous phenoms that are the topological tips of technological aplomb, Mr. Clark. Remember when the silly security schmucks tried to strip-search us without warrant?"
"Sorry for rounding off. I'll remember the consequences of doing so next time."
"We have to be heroes for Pauline! She's slipping her grip on the gritty gravel to this nefarious Nemesis nonsense and it horror-hacks my heart into itsy bitsy pieces to see her suffering not cease! How would you savor a silver-dollar seance side-show scary supervising your sentience?!"
"Well, Miss Morcet is going to have to wait until you two finish your indoctrination in the paperwork that comes with being involved in a shooting and a building that blows up. You had better hope they don't decide that this was an act of terrorism, because then it will get serious."
"But we didn't do the slapdash shooting or cavalier composition-four bruting, Mr. Clark. We aren't special agents, permitted to pull people over and shoot them silly to boot!"
"We still need a report of what happened, and you need to play down the role Nemesis played. We still need to say some nice things about how she positively contributed to the situation in a strictly civilian-appropriate way. That can help me bring her in down the road. Otherwise, you're getting credit for the fiasco, whether you deserve it or not."
"One of the reprobates was a rapscallial physic foe like the Metro munchkins, Mr. Clark. He had fine-featured physic granules and gassed my gray matter mucho malo! Ysenof gave him a full physic fitness physical after Pauline, I mean that meanie Nemesis, mashed most of them into people pulp like a Godzilla grape-stomper! After the bomb burst and bacon brunched them, but flopped as a Fed shredder and beheader because of Ysenof's super spiffy kaleidoscopic kinetic shield, Ysenof roused rinky-dink physic granules in the slippery kiddie."
"Some of them were blown up by the bomb? Who set it off then? Was it a suicide attack?"
"We agree the manic monkey that mad-dashed at the mop-up moment blew the bomb. He rambled and scrambled like a simian out of the Styx!"
"Great, I'll bet the next thing you're going to tell me is that he was a physic monkey."
"Wouldn't a funky physic monkey shtick be so completely, crucially cute? I was so woefully worried about Pauline that I simply spaced the simian! Ysenof mentions that the monkey moved too sprite-like swiftly to scrutinize his cells for carbon-mesh organelles."
"Physic monkeys not withstanding, it sounds like we have new physic criminals to investigate. We don't know how many they are and what they can do, so we are going to need Nemesis to give us an edge if they get violent again. Abby, I'm going to need every detail you can remember about that fight since we both know that Ysenof only pays attention to the few things that interest him. Ysenof, I want your assessment of Nemesis' physic abilities as well as those that our new physic adversaries might have. This will be an excellent opportunity for the both of you to learn a little bit about how to organize information into a report."
"I hate to be the bummer bearer of bad news, Mr. Clark, but my recollection of the rumble isn't so crystal clear. I spent serious stretches screaming like a babbling baby in the creek at the peak of my pulmonary propensity!"
"Are you saying that you have nothing to say about the incident, Abby?"
"No, not at all Mr. Clark, not even negligibly near! If we concede that we need a muscular militant, we should save pained Pauline from nasty Nemesis, the immigrant invasion of her innerspace!"
"Miss Morcet needs to get back to work, exactly like we do Abby."
"But..."
"That's enough Abby. I don't want to hear anything else about Pauline right now."

12.End
13.Start

I have a difficult time translating my thoughts into words. A one-dimensional sequence like language has a very different structure than the multi-dimensional hierarchy in my head. Grammatical structures like phrases, sentences, paragraphs, et cetera, allow hierarchy to be expressed in this linear form by delineating sub-structures, but is only adequate to express exactly one hierarchical onization. Objects in the real world are not structured this way. Looking at them based upon many different criteria provides new insight. Despite, or maybe because of this understanding, I still find myself trying to represent all of the organizational motifs simultaneously. This slows the communication process down immensely as I have difficulty deciding on an arbitrary order in which to express the multiple hierarchies and then link them together. The whole does not come together very elegantly and I end up expressing a disappointingly small fraction of the idea in my mind.
Because I have problems expressing thoughts in language, I was not looking forward to writing reports for John and the FBI.
The FBI uses the two primary logical reasoning processes to analyze crime and criminals. Top down analysis, also known as deductive reasoning, is a process of generalization. The FBI generalizes crime trends, how they are committed, by whom and how. This is done through the collection of statistics from many cases investigated by local law enforcement. The process helps them to characterize how crimes occur and provides analysts with data to lend them the experience of many cases. In this way, already solved cases can give them insight into the criminals and motives behind a crime that has not yet been solved.
Having this data collection system sets the stage for the second reasoning process, a bottom up process called inductive reasoning. Investigators gather information about a crime, including physical evidence and interviews with witnesses and information about the victims and their relationships with suspects. They take this data and produce reports to communicate the information. Then, an analyst can, through inductive reasoning, build profiles of likely perpetrators. Those profiles can then be matched to the persons associated with the crime to suggest to investigators who it will be most fruitful to look at more carefully. This can also help if they find that all suspects currently being investigated are unlikely to be the perpetrator. Then, investigators can look for new suspects rather than waste time on low probability perpetrators.
Thus, deductive reasoning is used to codify what is known about criminal behavior and inductive reasoning is used to leverage that knowledge to solve the case. At the end of the day, it is plainly an application of problem solving principles used in scientific inquiry and engineering to the investigation of crime.
Our reports relaying information about the attack at the hospital needed to be produced to feed the inductive end of the process. Since you do not know what picture you are trying to create during the investigative process, you need to be thorough about all of the details when creating a report. Creating a specific, coherent picture that tells a story is not what you want. The process of writing a story or creating a particular view involves highlighting some evidence and placing less emphasis on other information. As an investigator, you want to tell all of the possible stories the information contains. That way, the analyst working up potential scenarios has the most to work with as the evidence mounts and the picture changes.
I am not the person to do this kind of task. When I look at information, I immediately start looking for connections, configurations, pictures. I throw out data very quickly when it does not connect, which is not what you want from an investigator. Fortunately, we were not left to merely make up the reports on our own. John had a whole bunch of questions we could answer that he had gathered from numerous worksheets to help investigators do their job. Still, Abby was substantially better at writing reports than I was. Her reports were a little wordy and needed a little cutting here and there, but they made mine look completely inadequate. Even in a case where she was impaired by not being able to hear and was distressed by that, she managed to report far more information than I did.
The problem with FBI reports is that other people in the FBI read them. When you are a physic and do not want the rest of the world to know what a physic is, your report that involved physic activity can not include everything that happened. Lying is a tricky business. Once you start changing a story, you run the risk of contradicting the other information that you are providing. John was paranoid that we would screw it up, so he was checking and re-checking everything we composed for the reports.
Accounting for how Abby and I stopped seven gunmen was simpler than one may think. None of the men were shot. Their injuries were concussive, and all of them were impacted by the blast that we presumed was set off by the monkey. The simple solution was to report that we had convinced them that they were surrounded by police. As far as we were concerned, they must have panicked and set off their explosives. At the time we were unarmed and did not know that they had explosives, so it could be seen as an acceptable resolution under the circumstances. There was the problem with all of the shooting they did, so we had to admit they shot at us. It was not a perfect story, but we were not law enforcement, so we were expected to be shaky in the field. Our story met expectations enough to get by.
Because we were not reporting the whole story as we knew it, I felt an obligation to take on the task of navigating the fuzzy logic of analysis. We had met the small granule physica on two occasions. The most recent group consisted of the kid and, presumably, the monkey. I was not very hesitant to call them a group, because of one very important piece of evidence, Abby. She had gone completely deaf in the hospital, precisely like she had when we ran into the two physic kids at the Metro station. My guess was that they were producing interfering radiation that affected Abby, and somehow, proximity of two individuals was necessary to completely handicap her.
From the bombing, we had evidence which linked a violent group containing at least one physic to St. Joseph's. This, coincidentally, happened to be the hospital where all of the physic people I knew were born. There were also other physica of younger age and similar granule morphology that we had tenuously linked to another criminal enterprise, the ASU bank robbery. The robbery had not noticeably included adults, but was well-planned and executed. The hospital attack had been foiled by Nemesis' superior firepower, so it was extremely difficult to tell how well-planned it was. There was no link except the physic granules. We knew who none of them were. The men at the hospital had not been carrying identification and were not in the federal or local biometric databases. We had their fragmented dental casts, but until we had suspicion of who they were, that was not useful.
My limited exposure to the FBI's crime investigation and data collection system gave me an opportunity to think about our adversaries and allowed for a few hours of somewhat enjoyable rumination on the process of investigative science. It did not do much for my skills at writing or producing a detailed incident report. Abby really helped me out in that department. As I mentioned earlier, Abby reported more about the hospital incident than I did.
"Okie-dokie old stogie. Let's knock out your rascally razor-toothed report rabbit!"
Abby went one further, she also helped me to write my reports when she was done with her own. As I went through the process of writing, she managed to pull out what I wanted to report faster and better than I could. I wanted to compensate her for doing my job for me, but that was not such a straightforward proposition.
To bolster John's satisfaction with my report generation efforts, I spent some time evaluating the capability of Nemesis and the physic kids. While I am not very proficient at arbitrarily gathering details that are not connected, I am significantly better at pointing out pertinent details that are important and at enumerating the relationships that make them significant. As a result, my reports on these two subjects seemed to be satisfactory to John despite my linguistic deficits.
Mostly, I communicated what I had already concluded or suspected about the physic kids and Nemesis. When I had first thought about their physic granules, I suspected that the kids would have exceptional reflexes and coordination, and after the fight in the hospital, I was certain this was the case. I also thought that they could have elevated intelligence or other communication related capabilities that we were not aware of yet. The incidents where Abby was rendered hard of hearing or deaf suggested that they were interfering with her intentionally or unintentionally. I was inclined to think it was unintentional, but I would need to spend more time around them to figure that out.
What exactly was going on inside Nemesis was very difficult to know. She had so many types of physic granules in so many types of cells that it could take a very long time to unravel it all. One thing I did know was that all of those physic granules were exacting a metabolic toll on her body. They were consuming energy. This was not so obvious in the rest of us, but since she had so many granules, it was in her. This made me think a little more about the process of performing physic feats. There was a limitation associated with the body's metabolic reserves. I had upon occasion run into this limitation. That was why I kept a few peanut butter granola bars in my pockets at all times.
Having done this analysis of physic metabolism, I did not understand how Nemesis managed to get through a fight without collapsing. She clearly was not hiding significant energy reserves in her anemic body. Despite this, she seemed to get stronger as a fight went on. It made me wonder if she was absorbing kinetic energy somehow. The idea of a warrior that got stronger the more you shot or hit them was fascinating. What I wanted to do was lock Nemesis in a room where I could study her as long as I wanted.

13.End
14_epigraph.Start
Mail from Pauline Morcet

Ysenof,

I was interested in our potentially shared origin, so I did some research on the OB/GYNs that delivered the four of us: you, Abby, John and me. None of us had the same doctor deliver us, nor were other obstetrics staff common between us. I did find out something interesting though. St. Joseph's had an inordinately high death rate for premature births in the early '80s when the three of you were born (John 1981, Ysenof 1983, Abby 1984) and a higher rate around 1986 when I was born. The hospital was going to shut down all prenatal and pediatric services in 1988 when the statistics became public. Then, a neonatal unit nurse, Helen Pirela, organized a successful campaign to halt the shutdown. Helen later died of neuroblastoma, an aggressive neuron cancer in 1994 at age 44. A children's health foundation was established in her name in 1995.
I hope this information is useful to you in your search for the cause of our shared condition. I would appreciate it if you would update me on the progress of your investigation of this matter. Like the rest of you, I'm keen to understand our origin.

-Pauline N. Morcet

14_epigraph.End
14.Start

The snail mail from Pauline about Helen Pirela and the Pirela Foundation was definitely useful. It was a bit surprising to find out there was evidence that did not support my theory that we were an experiment. All of us having separate doctors and medical staff suggested that maybe we were not. It would be remarkably difficult to keep such a radical experimental program secret with so many people potentially involved.
This forced me to start thinking about environmental phenomena that might create physic granules. Such phenomena would likely be artificial in origin. Non-naturally occurring heavy atoms did not spontaneously organize themselves inside of a carbon mesh. Further, I was bothered by the lack of a link between the granules and the evolutionary framework of the cells they were contained in. Physic granules could not be natural. They had to be engineered. Yet, some of the evidence suggested otherwise.
What I found when I dug into the Pirela Foundation was not simply a charitable organization for children's health. It more closely resembled a modern religion headed by her widowed husband. Many people would call The Followers of the Chosen a cult, but that is an unfair characterization. Religions that are not part of the mainstream, especially young ones still being run by the founding prophet are characterized this way, as though their beliefs are more crazy than some of those in the more established religions. All of the major accepted religions were once very similar. They were small, unpopular and founded by individuals that were called crazy by the people of their time.
This particular religion, The Followers of the Chosen, seemed to be an offshoot of Christianity. They had a very strong devotion to Joseph, the adoptive father of Jesus. They believed that St. Joseph's Hospital in Phoenix was the most holy place on Earth, and that it was a site where angels took human form as infants born there. According to their sacred cannon, Helen had been called by God to drive the Devil from the place and preserve it as an altar for the apotheosis of the Chosen.
The first question I had regarding The Followers was a chicken and egg scenario. Did the phenomenon of children with physic granules inspire the religion, or was the religion established in advance as a support structure for the soon to be born children with physic granules? It seemed likely to me that John, Abby and I, and probably Nemesis were products of an era of experimentation. All of the deaths in the early '80s were likely collateral damage in the process of learning to produce a physic. The deaths in the mid '80s, when Nemesis was born, were probably a result of the process of developing a mixed granule physic.
It was not at all surprising that The Followers characterized that period as evil. It also did not tell me anything about whether they were complicit in physic granule experimentation. Genuine faith would frame something bad that happened to innocent infants as evil. Likewise, if they were aware of the experimentation, they would still want to spin the tragedy of the experimentation as not being aligned with the later Chosen births.
I could not rule out the possibility that Helen had experienced something unusual with a physic infant that inspired her belief that something great and supernatural would come from St. Joseph's. I also could not rule out the possibility that she was an agent of the group responsible for the experimentation. In fact, that second case would have explained why none of us had the same medical staff. Further, Helen's death by neuroblastoma could have been a result of exposure to high energy processes that were part of the construction of physic granules. She may have been responsible for providing the physic treatments while we were in the neonatal ward in the hospital.
I did not like the idea of attributing extremely high tech human testing as a form of religious expression. However, it would be easiest to figure out what was going on if the experimenters were responsible for the religion too. Otherwise, I would be stuck looking for those responsible by investigating the actual process of physic granule insertion. I was quite interested in the idea of going to the hospital to see if I could observe the process of infants having physic granules inserted or otherwise assembled inside of them. The problem was that I knew there would be a limit to how long my snooping would be tolerated at the hospital. If the granule insertion schedule was erratic, I could end up observing nothing. More importantly, I would need John's help to get authorization from St. Joseph's and time out of the office from the FBI.
Another piece of the puzzle still eluded understanding as well. I did not know how the monkey fit in, and that bothered me. Monkeys do not randomly scurry around hospitals during gunfights and get out just in time to avoid being blown up by hidden explosives. It had to be a physic monkey that had a role to play. It was a completely incomprehensible, and most likely important, player in the physic plot. Not only was how it became physic in question, but the question of why stood out more. Not understanding an important part of a system is never a good indicator regarding the extent of your comprehension.
The first person I recruited to enact my plan to investigate The Followers of the Chosen was Abby, since she would relay what I had learned to John. Not surprisingly, that was a trivial exercise since it presented her with the opportunity to talk.
"Mr. Clark! Ysenof says we're dire demons and the adolescents are admirable angels. Isn't that so super swanky? The physic kiddies have a rabid religion with faithful followers and all the triumvirate trimmings! They are the chosen champions of good God and will spiritually shepherd the warring world into an unending utopia of profound peace and unprecedented prosperity. We should demand dos destinies to dominate and defeat theirs!"
"I'll bet that the peace and prosperity are predicated upon their absolute authority. I'm pretty sure Ysenof's story is completely backwards from reality."
"Abso-posi-lutely, Mr. Clark! That is a carbon copy correct companion of what Ysenof indicated! Those groucho-guys with guns that tried to squad snuff us and bought a burial bonanza had to be fanatical followers, totally templaring the holy hospital. Nemesis is a multitudinous mangler of the fatso-finks of their faith! I bet they nursed a thirst to tidy her Hun hordes of physic force!"
"I thought none of them got away. How are they going to know they don't like her, Abby?"
"The slippery simian scurried away, Mr. Clark! He's their sneaky, stealthy, data dwarf. He was the one that snapped the stopper on the operation with an elaborate explosion! Then he rapidly reported the disastrous destruction of the death dealers to command and control. Besides, Ysenof thinks those physic kids meld their minds in a celestial communication channel, so Nemesis isn't novel news. I double down dare they were shaking and breaking a sweat in their stockings after they noticed Nemesis blenderizing those bozos!"
"Sometimes the way you blenderize what Ysenof tells you disturbs me, Abby."
While I had appreciated Abby's help in communicating my thoughts, this was one of those situations where I was concerned that her enthusiasm and creative spin had tainted the reception of the message. I was quite sure John thought both of us were kooks that had completely gone off the deep end with our speculation. The way she was putting it, I was beginning to rethink the whole idea of checking out The Followers for the origin of physic granule experimentation.
"You know what, Abby? You sound bat-shit crazy, but you just might be right. If I wanted to recruit a small army of crazy idiots to do anything I needed them to, like initiate a shootout in the neonatal ward of a hospital, that is exactly the kind of story I would tell them to weed out the ones that might have a rational thought and tell me no. We don't have any information on the dead gunmen. They didn't have IDs on them and they are completely unidentifiable from the explosion, so we might as well check these whackos out."
"Are you eyeballing, Ysenof? I'm much more masterly at mentally manipulating Mr. Clark than you think! If I'd have given him the insipid, institutional Ysenof interpretation, we'd still be wining and dining him. Instead, we're hop-scotch hotfooting it to intimately interrogate the intestines of those creepy, corrupt cultists and feature their freaky alien abduction scheme to sample and trample on poor Pauline!"
"By the way, what was the name of this cult we're investigating? You never mentioned, Abby."
Abby was correct on one count. We were on our way to investigate The Followers of the Chosen. It was not going to go the way she expected, but I think I can count on one finger the number of times something went the way Abby expected. That quantity of optimism is lethal to rational thought.

14.End
15.Start

We did not go straight to the building the Followers operated out of near St. Joseph's hospital. Instead, we went to the hospital itself. I was not surprised that John wanted some backup in case the fanatics got violent. Nemesis was more than capable of handling a third rate militaristic religious organization. For some reason, I thought he was going to the wrong place, but I could not remember why. Abby seemed to agree with me.
"Pauline's employment here has ended, though her Nemesis endures, Mr. Clark."
"First of all, do me a favor and drop the Nemesis invasion crap, Abby. Second, what do you mean? She told us that she works here, and you saw her here just the other day. Pauline might not be at work, but then we'll simply find her at home. I don't know why I didn't get her phone number."
"When we were root rooting and Nemesis knocked those no-good ninnies silly, Pauline informed that her employment had transformed!"
"Special Agent Clark, FBI. I'm here to talk to Pauline Morcet about the attack last Friday."
"I'm sorry, but Miss Morcet doesn't work here anymore. She hasn't for several months."
"But she was here on Friday when the attack occurred. My associates, Abby and Ysenof, saw her."
"She must have been in to take care of some administrative business and maybe stopped by to talk to some of her former co-workers."
John was able to get a phone number and an address for Pauline from the administrative office after they got verification from the FBI. Pauline supposedly had a cell phone, but a call revealed that her service had lapsed. That forced John to go to her nearby apartment to find her. Abby pestered him the whole time about how she had remembered Pauline mentioning that she did not work at the hospital anymore and he should listen to her more. I would say it was not a pleasant ride, but that might suggest that there is such a thing as a pleasant car ride with Abby.
"I'm sorry. I don't want to go with you, Agent Clark."
"Miss Morcet, we may be confronting the people responsible for the attack on the hospital. Without help from Nemesis, one of us could end up dead. I can't take that chance."
"The next time Nemesis comes out, I could end up not coming back. That will be the same as being dead. Maybe you should add that to your risk assessment."
"Ysenof insists that if Nemesis is going to beguile you Exorcist-style, you can't outright red-light stop-sign it. Nemesis is a fabrication in your physic granule gumbo, and you're a byproduct of your brain's neural network mumble!"
"Then it's merely a matter of time before she takes over? Great."
"Ysenof suggests you're seeing funhouse phony reflections and can't rely on your perception. Nemesis might muscle in, but the fluttering feeling of your consciousness crashing and continuity cratering doesn't guarantee guacamole! Ysenof is interested in following fluctuations in your physic granules that omen oblivion. Occupy this opportunity to own a claim to a corner of a virtuous venture!"
Abby put that more eloquently than I could have. The Abby creativity was in full force, yet she managed to convey most of the content. I wished she would have reverted to normal communication, but her excitement pushed her higher on the alliteration ladder, and to a potentially harder fall. Fortunately, it all worked out and Pauline agreed to come along with us. I'm quite sure all of us hoped that we did not need Nemesis, but I was not sure that the trip could be a success if we did not.
If the ride to The Followers' headquarters would have been more than a couple of minutes, I would have taken advantage of the opportunity to examine Nemesis' physic granules again. They were such a complex set of networks of extremely variable nodes that I could have spent all of my time on them and not run out of new things to explore and learn.
What I did think about on the short ride was what would happen to Abby if the encounter went as expected. The three times that I suspected we had encountered physic kids, Abby had lost some or all of her ability to hear. I was not sure that the kid in the car John stopped right after the bank robbery was physic. However, Abby had problems hearing when near him. When she had encountered the two kids at the Metro station and the kid and the monkey at the hospital, she had gone deaf. The data left me with two working hypotheses. The first possibility was that the physic kids were doing something passive that interfered with Abby's physic hearing. This would make Abby a screaming physic kid detector that worked only at close range. The second possibility was that the physic kids were blocking Abby actively and were improving their methodology. At the first contact, Abby had been partially blocked. On the second and third occasions, they'd been able to completely neutralize her.
The visit played out in a way that none of us anticipated. We were greeted by an older gentleman, probably in his late fifties or early sixties. He definitely was not a physic. I thoroughly checked a very large sample of his cells. Abby did not start screaming either. The situation was completely unexpected.
"Hello, I'm Joe Pirela. May I help you folks?"
"I'm Special Agent Clark with the FBI, and these are three professional staff with the Bureau who are assisting me with an investigation. We're here to talk to you about the attack at the hospital last Friday."
"I'm sorry, I don't think I can provide you significant aid, but I'll do my best to try. All I know is what I saw on the news. Didn't the FBI take care of the guys that did it?"
John was clearly fishing, asking questions that would get the guy on topic so Abby could get the real story from his brain. I was bracing for her to start screaming. As I have told you, I do not like screaming people, and the anticipation was making the task of checking the old guy for physic granules difficult.
"This is going rough and rocky as a wobbly wheel careening the curb, Mr. Clark. I can't hear the hoary hombre or Ysenof. You and Pauline could contribute to collaboration by compounding your cognition."
"Are you alright, young lady? Would you like somewhere to sit down or something to drink?"
"Never mind her, sir. Can you tell me about The Followers of the Chosen and your belief that St. Joseph's is a holy site? I was reading about your religion on the web and was fascinated by the story."
"I'm the spiritual regent of The Followers of the Chosen. We are waiting for the Chosen to become ready to take over leadership of the organization. Then I'll move into more of an administrative role. The Chosen are special children born at St. Joseph's hospital that have been divinely touched. Being touched by God, they have gifts beyond those of a normal human being. Their exceptional nature, the way they start life humble and vulnerable then flourish into greatness, and the message of my late wife, Helen, are the foundation of our faith."
"How do you know who specifically are the Chosen? Many children are born every year at the hospital. There is no way that all of them are Chosen."
"The Chosen intrinsically know who they are. They are all divinely linked to one another, so they seek each other and us on their own."
We ended up leaving the church disappointed and somewhat confused. Abby had been of no help in uncovering what The Followers were up to. It did not make sense, since John did not detect the presence of strange physic kids in the area. I did not understand what was causing Abby to not hear well. Did Pirela have a device that was interfering with her hearing? I did not know.
We had expected a possible conflict, a resolution, or at least progression of the ambiguous rivalry that we seemed to have with the physic kids. We were quite sure that this religion was associated with them. The charitable endowment and religion came straight out of the hospital ward that all of the physica I knew were born and treated in. Their story referenced events that were probably a result of the experimentation that was likely conducted on us. Finally, the old man, Helen's husband, described the kids as connected. That fit not only what I had speculated about the kids, it made Abby's remarks about multiple voices in the first kid's head make sense. Yet, he said that he, the leader of their faith, knew nothing about the attack at the hospital, which included a physic kid. If he was to be believed, his kids and the physic kids we were concerned with were not the same. It seemed more likely that we were not getting the whole story.

15.End
16_epigraph_1.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com
"Dynamic Duo Do It Again"
by Kenneth Araiti

Arizona State's dynamic duo, Seth Cohen and Ches Thone, combined for eighty seven points in the rout of a well regarded Arizona Wildcats team. They started their dominance from the first possession when Thone stole the ball and converted an easy lay-up. The pair have plagued opposing guards with steals and tipped passes since they started playing the sport in Valley youth leagues. The pace hasn't abated as expected with stiffer competition in the NCAA. Both are on track to average double digit steals per game this season, which will shatter the record of 5.52 by former Alabama A&M star Desmond Cambridge.
The dynamic duo's penchant for stealing the ball has led teams to try unconventional offensive schemes. Some teams have fielded additional guards and others have gone bigger with more forwards. In all cases so far, the duo have continued to be effective and the other Sun Devils have taken advantage of the other team digging deep into their bench.
The losses for Sun Devil opponents will not likely end soon, since the dynamic duo don't turn seventeen until next year. As NBA rules currently stand, they won't be eligible for the draft until after their third years, which means the NCAA is likely in for years of ASU domination. The NBA could change their rules for draft eligibility to include individuals that have graduated with a four-year degree. In this case, the dynamic duo would be eligible for the draft after their sophomore seasons, since they are expected to graduate with Bachelors' degrees next December.

16_epigraph_1.End
16_epigraph_2.Start
Abby's playlist to make Pauline sing
"Get the Party Started" by P!nk
"Everybody's Fool" by Evanescence
"Just Dance" by Lady Gaga
"The Fame" by Lady Gaga
"Unwritten" by Natasha Bedingfield
"Genie in a Bottle" by Christine Aguilera
"Lovefool" by The Cardigans
"Bitch" by Meredith Brooks
"Mouth" by Merril Bainbridge
"Breakfast At Tiffany's" by Deep Blue Something
"Save Tonight" by Eagle Eye Cherry
"Only When I Sleep" by The Corrs
"There She Goes" by Sixpence None the Richer
"You Gotta Be" by Des'ree
"Sweet Dreams" by La Bouche

Abby's playlist to make Mr. Clark sing
"Sweet Emotion" by Aerosmith
"The Weight" by The Band
"Livin' On A Prayer" by Bon Jovi
"Bad Moon Rising" by Creedence Clearwater Revival
"Lookin' Out My Back Door" by Creedence Clearwater Revival
"Tonight Tonight" by Hot Chelle Rae
"Don't Stop Believin'" by Journey
"Beds Are Burning" by Midnight Oil
"Come As You Are" by Nirvana
"Lithium" by Nirvana
"(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction" by The Rolling Stones
"Free Fallin'" by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
"I Won't Back Down" by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
"Danger Zone" by Kenny Loggins
"Eye of the Tiger" by Survivor

16_epigraph_2.End
16.Start

John insisted that we spend time outside of work together. This was apparently something they do in the FBI. We did not spend this time with the other FBI agents in the office. I am rather sure the agents did not normally spend time with professional staff.
We went to movies and sporting events together. Often, our trips were simple dinner outings like we went on to fortify ourselves for a long night searching for physic granules and the person attached. Despite Pauline not being with the FBI, John always made sure she came along with us.
One time, we tried bowling, but that did not go so well. The outing consisted of very unusual play. I had not bowled before, but based upon what I saw going on in other lanes, I was certain there were abnormalities. John was a very solid bowler, while Abby and I were not good at all. The two of us had more gutter balls than pin strikes. Pauline should not be given anything as heavy as a bowling ball and told to fling it at a target. It quickly became evident that she did not have rough control, much less fine control, over her strength. She wrought destruction, even after she tried to tone it down. By the end of our shortened night, she had shattered three pins. The rest of the pins in her lane, including the replacements, were cracked enough that they would have to be replaced too. The lane itself would need repairs, though that was not evident to those who were not as keenly observant as myself. Our evening ended when the manager of the alley finally got fed up with the damage and asked us to leave.
Getting asked to leave places seemed to be a trend for us. Abby got kicked out of movies for talking excessively. Pauline would accidentally destroy things, not just objects you are supposed to fling a resin ball at. I would find myself in restricted areas and did not have the right skills to get myself out of trouble beyond sticking someone to the floor or making their clothing constrict them precisely enough to impair their mobility so I could make my getaway.
It was through our social outings that we learned about the other problems that the emergence of Nemesis had caused for Pauline. She had stopped carrying personal electronics because she kept on breaking them. These accidents were caused by not having fine enough control over the force of her movements. Obviously, it had made her paranoid about working at the neonatal ward in the hospital. At first, she had tried to avoid handling infants but, finally, she had asked for a transfer to another unit at the hospital. Then, she got worried she was going to hurt the regular patients and decided to quit her job.
I had Abby tell John that I did not need to get paid and that he could hire Pauline, but he did not like that idea. My working for the FBI and not getting paid would look suspicious. We did not want an investigation into my mining company since it would be quite challenging to explain where all of the trace minerals found mostly in nickel mines were coming from. John said the only solution was to be so successful that they would let him hire Pauline. I started thinking that it would be easier if we all left the FBI. Then, we could do whatever we wanted as employees of my mining company. I did not think that John was ready to hear that though.
Pauline explained that her problems started out being insignificant and had gradually become worse. It made me wish I had been there during the transformation to see what change in her physic granules had corresponded to her becoming stronger and more resilient. Witnessing the transformation could have given me incredible insight into the workings of the different kinds of physic granules. It made me think more about how I needed to go to the hospital and observe what was going on with the physic infants in the neonatal ward. Unfortunately, I wouldn't be allowed to hang around indefinitely and there was no guarantee that a physic infant would be available when I was there. Then there was the biggest obstacle. I would probably need help from both John and Pauline to get sufficient access.
Our workgroup's social outings were not all disastrous. Many went fine, like our trips to Lo-Lo's. One particular outing was better than fine. We had a run-in with a couple of physic kids at an Arizona State versus Arizona basketball game.
You might remember my mention earlier that John wore the computer-brain interface for the physic tracking system under an Arizona Wildcats baseball cap. John went to the University of Arizona for college. He was a big fan of sports, particularly basketball. Arizona and Arizona State played twice a year since they were rivals in the Pac-12 conference. This meant that they played once at Arizona in Tucson and once at Arizona State in Tempe every year. John liked to make at least one trip a year down to Tucson for a game, usually for a weekend game. When he decided to go down for the Arizona - Arizona State game, he insisted that we make it a social outing. He warned us repeatedly in the week before the game not to do something to get us kicked out of the arena.
The trip down to Tucson included more Abby time than I usually prefer. The Abby music shuffle was pretty bad and distracting early in the trip. She had not had significant previous opportunity to figure out how to get John and Pauline to sing for her, but she had them figured out by the end of the trip. The final playlist consisted of classic-ish rock and pop music. I tried to block it out and do some reading, but was less than successful. As long as someone is not wailing in agony or quickly shuffling through music and exclaiming how awesome the next song is, I am pretty good at ignoring sounds. Arriving in Tucson and having a chance to get out of the car was a relief.
"Though ASU is not at U of A's level in basketball, they do have a good team this year and might have a chance. ASU's undefeated, but they have not played a very tough schedule. Those freshmen they have are going to find out what real NCAA basketball is about tonight. There is no way a couple of sixteen-year-olds are going to take over a game against a team of solid veterans in a hostile venue like the McKale."
"Isn't sixteen candles too close to the crying crib for college, Mr. Clark? I didn't matriculate Mesa high until after seventeen sang bye bye."
"Apparently, they graduated from high school a couple of years early and are good enough to play in the NCAA. They're at ASU on academic scholarships, so they are walk-ons in basketball. That means they don't count against scholarship limits. The ASU coach lucked out on that one. What I don't understand is why someone that can go to any school on scholarship chooses ASU. They must be mamma's boys."
"They could've had an apex academic adventure at the University of Arizona!"
"I was thinking of schools like Duke, Stanford, Cal, Northwestern or Vanderbilt where they could go to a top university and play Division I ball in a major conference. Those two are strange, it makes no sense why they both went to ASU. They're not related and didn't even go to the same high school. One of the articles I read says they played each other in the Arizona Division I State Championship last year. The guy who wrote the article said it was an epic showdown. He thought they would be an unstoppable force together at ASU. My guess is that's just the usual hyperbole."
John could not have been more wrong about the outcome of the game. The ASU-UA contest was ugly from the very beginning. Those two kids toyed with Arizona from the first possession when one of them stole the ball and easily scored. The worst part about it for John had to be how easily they were doing it. Their movement was so fluid, so quick, and they anticipated everything. The two reminded me of the physic kid that lost the fight to Nemesis. These kids were not being assaulted by the best athlete on the planet, so they could easily toy with their mortal foes.
John did not take it well. Almost from the beginning, he became a shouting mad man. He was disappointed that his guys were being beaten by a couple of high school kids, as he put it. He could not see clearly through his rage and persisted in attributing the domination on the court to his own team not performing when it was obvious that they were facing a physically superior foe. Stories had been written about the heist in Tempe, but John had not actually seen the kids in action. Unlike the rest of us, he had not been at the hospital and seen the physic kid fight Nemesis. For those reasons, I was not surprised that he did not notice.
It was not surprising that Abby did not notice either. Rather than watching the game, she spent a lot of time trying to make John feel better. Also, she had been screaming the whole time at the hospital due to her deafness, so she might not have seen that much of the fight. As it turned out, Pauline and I were the only ones to notice that physic kids were playing basketball for ASU.
When the kids stayed on the bench after halftime and their team was up by thirty-seven points, I decided to go down and get a better look at them. I had not had the opportunity earlier because, to get a really good look, I needed to be close to them and they needed to not be running around on the court. I also had not wanted to interfere with the game and get kicked out, though John may have thanked me for that favor.
As I made my way down toward the court, Pauline followed, which appeased John's dislike of me wondering off alone. It also gave me someone to run interference so I would attract minimal attention while getting past security.
The McKale Center has seating that goes all of the way down to the court, so getting near the players didn't require extraordinary effort. We were in seats near the top because game tickets were in great demand due to the Arizona State star players. This made the trip a bit more difficult since the top level is elevated above the lower seats with only a few paths down. It took me so long to get down to the floor that the physica ended up going back into the game while I was on my way down. Fortunately, the rout continued unabated and they came back out not long after I reached the floor.
One might imagine that I was not the first person to try and get a courtside view of a basketball game without the appropriate ticket. Most of those other people were not physic and did not have a friend like Pauline at their back. I was approached by a security guy not long after I reached the floor, but I knew that was going to happen. Nothing discourages someone who wants to hassle you like uncomfortable muscle action in their bowels. After I stimulated a sizeable percentage of the voltage gated ion channels in the neurons innervating his colon with a multi-photon technique, he took off with a quickness the basketball kids would have been hard pressed to improve upon. That got me close enough to the bench to take a look in the kids' heads.
"Excuse me, sir. May I see your ticket?"
Just as I was starting in on the second suspected physic, I was interrupted by another guard. I did not actually want to give more security guys emergency bowel movements for no reason. There were only so many stalls in the nearest bathroom. So, I concentrated on my work instead. It had been taking longer than I liked to hone in on physic granules since I was still quite far from the kids. I wanted to take a look at the second kid to make sure that the variation was minimal. I had made the mistake of checking only one of them on the Metro, and did not want to repeat that error. By the time I had decided their physic granules were similar enough to be essentially the same, the guard had tried to grab my arm. I suspect that it did not go as he expected, but was not completely sure since I was not explicitly paying attention to his emotional reaction.
"What the hell?! Don't make me call in backup. We'll carry you out if we have to."
I had the information that I needed and was not in possession of my ticket due to John's concern that I would lose it. Rather than interrupt John's ravings with more drama, I complied with the security guard's desire to remove me from the premises. I certainly did not want to sit through the rest of the game listening to John screaming and it was plain sad watching the physic kids pick on the normal ones that did not have a chance.
On the way out, my escort and I happened by Pauline, who was helping a limping guard down onto a bench. I suspected, and Pauline later verified, that she had taken him down as he had approached me from behind. She accompanied me out of the arena and we wandered around in search of somewhere to hang out until the game was over.
We wanted to stay near the garage next to the arena, where John had parked. Thus, we ended up at the university library, which was on the side of the garage opposite the arena. Pauline was in need of a snack, so we looked for the cafe. Unfortunately, it was after closing time. Instead, we found somewhere to sit down and wait.
"Ysenof, I know you don't like to talk, but I need to ask you an important question. All you need to do is nod in response. Is this okay?"
I nodded yes, but would have preferred that she had asked in writing or while Abby was around. Still, there was a chance that we could work it out, so I agreed.
"I heard about the physic fireman, Herman Fite, that you neutralized. You have a device, something you call an ultra-ray that you used to do it. I realize that it didn't go so well for him. I heard they unplugged him and are waiting for him to die."
This was true. I was responsible for effectively killing Herman Fite with the ultra-ray, so I nodded yes.
"John also mentioned that the device that helps him track physica didn't work well when you first built it, but it works very well now. I was wondering if you've been improving your ultra-ray."
I was beginning to wonder why she was so keen on how well my ultra-ray was working. She had little to no control over whether Nemesis killed someone or not. My inclination was to think that Nemesis' ability to take prisoners was worse than Abby's ability to keep quiet. It was possible that she was concerned that we could run into a physic that would be difficult to kill, like the two of us were. I was not optimistic that my ultra-ray would work on either her or me. My plan to deal with someone like us was to use their environment against them. It would take considerable testing to find which electromagnetic frequencies they would be vulnerable to, so a different approach was warranted. I could transform their clothing or something else in the environment into a very strong polymer straightjacket appreciably more quickly. The vulnerabilities of such a person would be at the surface rather than deep inside.
"Ysenof? Are you okay?"
Pauline managed to interrupt my stream of thought, so I nodded yes to her. I had improved the ultra-ray through testing on the physic kid killed in the attack at St. Joseph's.
"Is that a yes to my question about the ultra-ray?"
I nodded again, and was getting irritated with the whole conversation.
"Would you consider trying to use the ultra-ray to remove Nemesis from my head? Of course, only once you feel like it is well tested and are comfortable using it on me."
As I have already suggested, there would be substantial obstacles to using the ultra-ray on Pauline. Most importantly, all of my previous testing was not relevant to Pauline. She had physic granules in most cells in her body, which made me think of some very important difficulties with removing Nemesis from Pauline.
The ultra-ray had only been used on brain cells. Further, it had only been used on subjects that had physic granules that were all very similar in size and in a minority of the cells in their brains. In the simplest scenario, where I merely wanted to crack the physic granules of one particular size, there were still other difficulties. How would the rest of the networks react to one sub-network being removed? Then one had to consider that Pauline had physic granules linked into the cytoskeletons of most of her cells. They were probably the granules that gave her the ability to absorb kinetic energy. It was not quite so simple as that, but the gist was she would be resistant to the ultra-ray. The sound waves produced by the ultra-ray would pass through those energy absorbing granule networks and be unpredictably refracted or diminished. I was using really long wavelength waves, so it could possibly work out, but there were a lot of ways for the whole idea of destroying Nemesis to become complicated.
I hesitated to answer one way or the other.
"Well, what do you think? Is there something wrong with my reasoning?"
I definitely nodded yes to that. She did not seem to understand how exceptional and unique a physic she was. I took out the cell phone I used for texting and showed her what I had written.
"You are more complex than the rest of us."
"So, you won't give it a try, Ysenof? Please?"
I did not relish the thought of Pauline ending up like Herman. Not only would we lose a friend, but a powerful ally against an opponent we still did not understand. It made sense why she was afraid and I wanted to do something to give her some measure of control over her uncertain future. Studying the problem had the potential to be a good learning experience, even if I was not successful at finding a solution. My suspicion was that it would be harder to scan her with the ultra-ray than with my own electromagnetic means. However, I would not know until I took a look around. I was sure that there would be many interesting experiments to do, so I gave her another text.
"I will take a look. No promises."
Pauline hugged me and I reactively increased the friction in my shield to a Pauline safe level. I had not expected that.

16.End
17_epigraph.Start
Message to Pauline Morcet

Pauline, the nightly schedule John has us on is making it difficult to find time to pursue the goal of eradicating Nemesis. It occurred to me that if John dropped me off at your apartment one night after my shift, I could spend some time examining the granule networks that might constitute her consciousness. This arrangement would work if I were to spend the night at your place because you live so close to the office. I could bring my own air mattress if necessary.

Ysenof

17_epigraph.End
17.Start

I think the Arizona - Arizona State basketball game made our rivalry with the physic kids personal for John in a way that a foiled terrorist attack at the hospital could not.
It became evident to me that if they had enough of these physica in the pipeline, they could take over anything they wanted by simply making the competition look slow and dumb, most importantly, while looking like they were not trying at all. Dominating NCAA basketball so these kids would become minor celebrities was merely the beginning of a game that could become far more serious. Maybe they would end up as powerful politicians in a decade.
In the meantime, they could use their notoriety to give credibility to their fledgling religion. The talent of the physic kids gave credence to their assertions. They were not making claims that had to be taken on faith. They had solid proof of what they professed. It was undeniable that the kids were special, and the religion, as the discoverers of the phenomenon, was on the ground floor with their explanation of the origin. How long would it be before they had real power, political, social or financial, that they could turn against those they perceived as enemies? This was certainly an uncomfortable thought.
I also began to wonder whether they were actually the enemy. In John's head, they were because of the attack at the hospital, and potentially the bank robbery. They were criminals in his mind, but he neatly ignored Nemesis, who had on at least one occasion picked a fight and killed some drug dealers. The question that came to mind was why were we not on the same team? Were John, Abby, Pauline and I just experimental embarrassments that they wanted to bury? We needed to figure out who was responsible for what was going on and discern their motives before we could make a decision about The Followers.
I thought we had the luxury of time, because we had an information advantage. John could find them, and I could remove their physica from the conflict by using the ultra-ray on them. If we lost our information advantage and they took the fight to us, Nemesis could deal with what ever they brought to bear. None of us, except maybe Nemesis, wanted to solve the conflict with violence though. Subjecting teenagers and children to a dangerous experimental procedure was not my idea of a good solution either. Both solutions very significantly resembled the unethical methodology that had produced us in the first place. Therefore, we were focused on finding the head that was directing physic granule production and deal with the problem at that level.
In the meantime, John spent nearly every evening searching for all of the physic kids. John would bring either Pauline or myself with him for physical backup and often Abby as well. I think he became fanatical after he had an early success. It certainly made Abby enthusiastic. They stopped by my house in the middle of the night and woke me up simply to tell me. John called me instead of ringing the doorbell.
"We need to talk to you outside, Ysenof. Try not to wake your mom up."
"Guess what we found that will astound and resound, Ysenof! We could give you trillions and trillions of tries to guess, guess away, and you wouldn't come close to calculating the right reply."
I had no idea what was worth waking me up on my night off. My guess was that Abby was hyped up over something and John had no choice but to comply.
"He threw in the taco and gacked the guacamole, Mr. Clark. That's because it is so brain-burstingly-bodacious, what we uncovered and discovered!"
"Tell him already, Abby. This is getting painful. I'm sure Ysenof would like to get back to bed."
"You three drain and maim all the frolicking free-form effort to entertain! Fine, Mr. Clark, I'll fill him in. We had a major, magnificent, monumental break in the case, Ysenof! Do you render and remember that head-case-crazy kid Mr. Clark ran off the road during the daring daytime ASU skater kid caper? We found his frayed and faded Altima beater! His secret identity is Leon Mumey, and he is a mild-mannered sixteen-year-old chummy of the dynamic duo dummies! It's merely a matter of Mr. Clark callously crushing and mushing their pinky piggies before they're a dead doornail ditty!"
Finding the kid was a good sign that the strategy was the correct one, however it was not going to be as easy as Abby thought. I insisted that we keep redundant electronic documents of the information he found about the physic kids. We had to make sure that if something happened to one or more of us, those remaining would still know where The Followers hid their Chosen. It could get us into trouble if the situation escalated and got desperate enough for the ultra-ray or the Nemesis solution. However, at this particular point in time we knew so little about what was going on. We had to prepare for many bad potential developments.
All of the extra time we were spending searching for physic kids after work was making it difficult for me to find time to study Pauline's physic granules. In particular, the fact that she and I were splitting time as John's backup on his nightly physic kid searches was making it difficult to get meaningful work done. Pauline was nice enough to ride along a few times when it was my turn with John. This gave me a chance to study how her physic granules reacted to electromagnetic and pressure waves. Since I was there to be John's bodyguard, I could sit in the back seat with Pauline while he drove around and gathered information on the physic kids. Still, my time commitment to doing FBI physic squad activities was getting out of hand.
A lot of my time was being wasted sitting in a vehicle getting a ride. I had been using the hours otherwise wasted in the Dial-A-Ride to produce rare heavy elements. The back of a bus is not a suitable place to do meaningful work, so I used that time to keep the "mine" floating along, although it was sometimes tricky to keep from irradiating my erratic fellow passengers. There is no such a thing as having too many assets at your disposal when you are facing an insidious, unknown organization that is doing very sophisticated human experimentation. For this reason, I produced platinum, which is relatively easy to make and sell.
Mention of platinum reminds me that I still have not told you why I chose to transmute lead to that particular metal. The alchemists of old were wrong about transmuting lead to gold. Lead wants to be another atom with an even number of protons like platinum, not an odd number like gold. Elements with an odd number of protons are inherently less stable than those with an even number, that is why they have fewer stable isotopes, which means there are fewer chances for odd elements to be a stable endpoint.
This is why most of my alchemetical efforts are to transmute lead into platinum. Natural systems tend toward the lowest energy states. Platinum not only has a low energy state atom, but the atoms bind to one another very tightly and there are many stable isomers. Making platinum from lead is the physic alchemy equivalent of pouring liquid into a small opening by using a funnel. That lead is literally begging to become platinum, I merely give it a nudge in the right direction.
The only down side is that the process is highly exothermic. For this reason, I like to use very small lead pellets with relatively large surface area to quickly diffuse the heat and electromagnetic radiation that are produced.
I also reverted to producing rare minerals when I was stuck on a problem or was merely tired and confined to a car with John. I had long been able to do physic alchemy while watching TV, so it was not a significant stretch to do so while watching Hulu, Netflix, or a DVD on my computer in the car. I tried to get real work done by observing John's physic granules in action or working on my own quantum computing and communication system, or increasing my personal stockpile of long half-life seaborgium, hassium, and darmstadtium, but I often found it difficult to be productive on those trips. Being in the car left me having little better to do than be productive, but I felt out of sorts and usually found ways to squander my time as a result.
My plan to free up time for all of the things I wanted to get done was to buy a house downtown and convince most of the rest of the group to move in with me. If Pauline were to move in, then I would have more time to test her with the ultra-ray and otherwise study how her various kinds of physic granules functioned and interacted. If Abby were to move in, then she could help with communication and she would have a shorter ride into the office, hopefully without driving herself. I did not think John would want to move in with us, but I planned to ask him anyway, just in case I was wrong.
Moving out of my mom's house was a big change that I was not sure about. I was used to that house and felt comfortable there. As nice as the workroom at the office was, I felt anxious and displaced while I was there. I do not adjust well to my life not having a lot of familiar elements in it. That is why I needed to perform a test.
I wrote out an email to ask Pauline if I could stay overnight at her apartment. The plan was not to send it to her unattended electronic accounts, but to have my phone read it to her for me. I hoped that avoiding the time wasting Dial-A-Ride in the morning would blunt the impact of the late night. I would not get much sleep, but that was already a given with how late John kept us out on his physic searches. Pauline was hesitant in her answer, which made me worried that I had somehow written the wrong thing.
"I don't know if having you over is a good idea, Ysenof. My life is a mess right now, and I'm not sure I want to mix you guys up with that."
"It was just an idea. No big deal."
"You're right. It isn't a big deal. Why don't you come over Thursday night? We can have some spinach casserole and you can interrogate my physic granules to your heart's content. Don't bother with the mattress, I have a couch you can sleep on."
I was not very optimistic about the whole thing turning out when Pauline started talking about her life being a mess. That made me regret not asking Abby to help me out. I had decided against asking for her help, because Abby would react unpredictably to situations like my proposition for Pauline. I was concerned that she would somehow interpret the request as me liking Pauline more than I liked her. The whole thing was difficult enough as it was without that drama. Still, I knew there would be a price to pay when I ended up missing the Dial-A-Ride.

17.End
18.Start

I am not sure that I could have screwed up my sleepover at Pauline's much more than I did. It turned out that I really liked being around Pauline. She did not nag me like my mom or pester me for attention like Abby. We could get along without significant need for conversation. The best part of it was that she had all of those physic granules. I had problems getting to sleep on her couch, but that did not bother me. After I moved the couch right outside her bedroom door, I was able to look at her physic granules for as long as I wanted. I resolved to make sure that her bedroom would be right next to mine, so I could check her granules out whenever I had problems sleeping.
Not much else went right. I woke up to an irritated Pauline, who was banging on pots to try and wake me. All she was accomplishing was annoying her neighbors and breaking some perfectly good cookware. This happened because I lose control of my shield while I sleep with a very strong tendency toward shutting the world out. This is very similar to how people's temperature regulation becomes erratic while sleeping.
If my shield were to redirect all energy around me, then I would not be able to see, hear, smell or touch anything. Such a shield is minimally functional, and potentially fatal. The design challenge of this problem is very similar to many problems in image processing. How much do you filter? The best answer is that it depends upon the quantity of energy coming in or going out. My shield is carefully designed to increase the redirect rate as the energy differential between the interior and exterior goes up. The design is pretty sophisticated and takes a little attention to maintain, despite my intimate familiarity with it. When I am asleep, the parabolic function becomes more of a square function. In other words, my shield starts to encounter the same difficulties that Pauline has attenuating her strength. It is extremely complicated to reduce a force carrier down by many orders of magnitude while still maintaining the information in the original signal. As a result, anything outside of a narrow range gets cut off. This included Pauline banging pots and pans on this occasion.
There is also another attribute of my shield that Pauline likely fell afoul of and was not happy with. My shield extends in an area proportional to what my proprioceptive system registers as my personal space. I think part of the reason I do not like being near other people is that I have a very large personal space. I suspect that on this occasion, the couch that I had moved in front of Pauline's bedroom door was engulfed by my shield. As unhappy with me as she seemed to be, I am quite sure she would have moved the couch if she had been able to. I am rather certain that my shield would not hold out against a determined Pauline over the long term. However, if she were not willing to cause undue destruction and mayhem, she would have found it very challenging to move that couch.
Believe it or not, waking up to the pot banging mad woman was not the low point of my morning. When I went into the bathroom to clean up for work, I found a disaster. Most of the knobs and handles were broken. I spent a good five minutes fixing the fixture so I could use the sink. Then, I found that her towel was wet, presumably from a shower I had slept through. I tried looking for a dry towel in her knobless hall closet and knocked over a box full of cash.
"What are you into now, Ysenof? Hey! Stay out of there. That's private!"
I tried to mime that I wanted a towel, but it was not working out very well.
"Why can't you learn how to talk like a normal person? Oh, that's right. You're a retard. What do you need so I can get rid of you, dumb-ass?"
I did not appreciate her making it personal. How was I supposed to know that she stashed her extra cash in the hall closet where she did not keep the towels? I pointed at the wet towel, so she went to open one of the cabinets in the bathroom. She managed to break the one knob she had left in the room as she opened it. After flinging the dry towel at me, she stomped out and did not talk to me after that. I did not have time to bind her socks to her shoes or anything like that, which was probably for the best.
The coming day at the FBI was not projecting to go appreciably better. I was already late to work because I had slept too long, and between repairing the bathroom and weathering the closet drama, I did not make up significant time by quickly cleaning up. Since Pauline was ignoring me, my prospects for a ride were somewhere between no chance and leaving my life in the hands of an intensely pissed off goddess of death. I considered ordering a cab on the internet, but decided that option was only slightly better than soliciting Pauline for a ride. Cabbies are notoriously talkative, almost as bad as Abby, except they can not help you talk to them by reading the contents of your left temporal lobe. It seemed that walking a few miles into the office was my best option. I would be considerably late, but mostly intact in both body and mind.
That was my plan, but I did not get very far before John and Abby found me on the street.
"Yoo-hoo, we're over here, Ysenof. Get those laggy legs turning in a tuchus strut, because Mr. Clark isn't going to hang out with his thumb up his you-know-what until the moon turns blue while you slow motion stroll across the rue!"
After I got in the car, Abby started with the interrogation and I began to think asking Pauline for a ride into work would have been my best option that morning.
"What are you doing foot slapping and sidewalking, Ysenof? I much missed blabbing and gabbing with you on the Dial-A-Ride this daybreaking! They aren't attentively attuned on that sympathetic service shuttle we've been partaking. You'd expect an entourage of handicapped humans would have a more palliative perspective on the plight of their fellow woman, but that isn't tried or true spoken!
"Hold the coffee and creamer, Mr. Clark! Ysenof nixed the night prospecting Pauline's physic granules? I can't comprehend that you'd spend and expend the dead of dark to attend to Pauline's myriad of melon meshes without telling your friend! My melon merited that close cropping block. We were fast friends back in 'Nam when you and Mr. Clark pastured the pyrophysic!"
You might have concluded, based upon how my day was going, that I had decided against getting a house downtown. If you did, then you were wrong. I have a lot of problems dealing with people, but it is not because I do not know how to deal with them. Instead, I become a victim of the situation changing faster than I can handle. When the context changes or someone does something unexpected, it takes me too long to figure out the right thing to do. Back when I used to talk, I would say the wrong thing to the wrong person at the wrong time. Since then, it has become more a case of not smoothing misunderstandings quickly enough. However, sometimes I can manage to dig my way out of a hole I've dug.
I had made a minor judgement error on how to deal with Abby, but it was incredibly easy to change her mood. Once I told her about my house plan, she was ecstatic that she was the first one I asked. That was a good thing, because I was going to need her help to get Pauline to agree to move in with the retarded dumb-ass. Fortunately, I was the only person that Pauline knew who understood the first thing about what made Nemesis tick.
"Mr. Clark, Ysenof is planning to purchase a monstrous mega-mansion downtown with his massive mound of mind-mined moolah! He, Pauline and I are going to live the life on location and gorge-gobble-gulp totally taste-tacular tacos on Wednesdays. Do you want to reserve and preserve a personal patch of paradise, Mr. Clark? There will be extra room in the extra room!"
"Oh, really? So Pauline, who is so pissed off at Ysenof that she made him walk to work, is going to move in with you two? Yeah, right. I have to put up with this house of tards all day long and half of the night. I'm not going home to something like that. Pauline won't either."
"I think you improperly internalized our wookie walky-talky, Mr. Clark. Poking the Ysenof could get you an excruciating end, express-delivered to your door like the rootin-tooter that tried to shoot us like finned fauna in a bourbon barrel suit!"
"I know all about the guy at the hospital Abby, but it isn't because a wookie, who will remain nameless, put it in his barely literate report. Apparently, the autopsy included a suspicious line item about a blood vessel that filled the thoracic cavity with blood due to an unnatural hole in it. Then, an analyst in Washington flagged it because there was no explanation of it in the other reports. We're about to get a colonoscopy with the Jaws of Life, and the auditing team won't be impressed with our angry wookie or your dumb little stories."
I was tempted to sabotage John's FBI career during the audit so we could go to being a private organization like I wanted. None of us needed the stress that an audit would cause. Unfortunately, I still needed to finish a few projects at the office before we could leave.
Work needed to be done to finish designing ignore codes into their network routers and sniffing hardware so we could access their network from the outside without being recorded. I already knew everyone's passwords in the office and had confidence that I could continue to maintain command of the Phoenix office's data as they slowly added new personnel. When they did their next major hardware upgrade, I would need to come back and redo the work, but it would be substantially easier a second time. I merely wanted to make sure that they would not detect a security breach and be motivated to change everything in the near future.
I also preferred that John see the necessity of leaving the FBI. Mundane cases and filling out tedious paperwork was getting in the way of important work. Then there was the oversight we were subjected to. We had to maneuver around events like the upcoming audit that exposed us to the risk of discovery. If we could get access to FBI databases from the outside, there was absolutely too much effort overhead for it to be worth staying.
Our FBI problem extended beyond the paperwork and audits. John was working pretty hard to find a way to get Pauline on staff, especially since she was currently unemployed and he was worried about what pressure her financial position could put on her. From what I had seen in her hall closet, it was my guess that Nemesis had been looting the hoods she had been hunting as a way to keep Pauline afloat financially. I did not have a problem with her making a living off of retiring drug dealers. However, I was concerned that something was going on there that I did not completely understand. I hoped it was simply the box of cash that had upset Pauline. I decided to get advice from Abby on what to do about Pauline before we tried to get her to move in with us.

18.End
19.Start

The news of our demise as the FBI physic squad was premature. John turned the setback of the audit into an opportunity to show off our progress in tracking the terrorists that attacked the hospital despite having no evidence to work with. Nothing screamed high priority and indispensable to management in Washington like anti-terrorism. John described in detail our progress investigating the possibly radical religious group, The Followers of the Chosen, and they forgot all about the autopsy that was "probably incorrect anyway."
It was all a song and dance, and I was shocked that they bought the story without the physic connection to sell it. The Followers did not resemble the kind of isolationist cult that would be involved in terrorist behavior. They clearly had designs on legitimate, mainstream power and influence. However, I think the moment that terrorists and crazy cult got connected, all rational thought went out the window.
By announcing our investigation of The Followers, John committed us to investigate the religion of the physic kids in a way that was more consistent with FBI methodology. We could no longer remain satisfied with quietly tracking down all of the physic kids in the Phoenix metro area. We had to start actively pursuing a connection between adult members of the group and the attack at the hospital. We also had to start producing reports containing the information that we had allegedly collected.
As a result of John's handling of our audit, he had convinced upper management that his unconventional recruiting was working. He was authorized to hire Pauline on as professional staff, the work on her clearance was fast-tracked, and John achieved Abby nirvana. He was given an office to work from. Abby was so affected by the development that she found it necessary to mention how it had taken far too long for John to get his office every time we went in to talk to him.
I was glad that Pauline was added as professional staff. I hoped it would relieve the financial pressure that she had to have been under after leaving her nursing job. We also did not need Nemesis going around at night picking fights with random drug dealers and other criminals. I was not sure that Pauline getting a paycheck would resolve the problem, but I hoped it would reduce the quantity of Nemesis ginsu activity. At the rate she seemed to be slicing up violent criminals, Nemesis would eventually get seen in the wrong way by the wrong person and Pauline would end up as a fugitive. Not only did I not want Pauline to end up on her own, we needed her to help us stop The Followers of the Chosen.
I was not sure if I liked the direction John was taking us in. As our work became higher profile, our oversight was going to increase, which would increase the chance of them figuring out what a physic was. If they figured us out, then our freedom was in danger and some brains would be turned into Jell-O. Again, I am not joking. Sometimes to keep a mortal secret you have to turn a few brains into Jell-O.
I was not sure if Pauline coming to work for the FBI was going to improve the chances that she would agree to move into the house with Abby and me. I did not have a plan for influencing her that I liked, so I did what any good, logical algorithm should do when there is no good choice. I put off making a decision with the hope that a better option would materialize. What I did not account for was the anti-logic, Abby. She spilled the beans when Pauline came in for her first day. It was probably inevitable considering Abby was her escort until her clearance came through.
"Hidey-ho Pauline, Ysenof is closing on a casa de colossal downtown around the office with a plentifully perfect selection of capacious spaces! I'm back-tracking the Abby-mobile into the driveway and diving into a double-dip super-scoop! There's plenty of palace for a portion of Pauline too. This can be yours for a miniscule monthly payment of precisely zero, nada, zilch! But wait, there's more! A weekly sweeping savant to muck the manse. So, wadda ya waitin' for?"
"Are you sure I'm wanted Abby? I think I called Ysenof a retarded dumb-ass or something like that."
"Mr. Clark insults Ysenof as a recurrent ritual and he was a warmly welcomed individual. Between you and me, Pauline, Mr. Clark is playing hop-scotch on a hot-wired holy-roller-mobile. My guacamole is on his certain sterility and an impending pyrophysic prophecy! I advise Mr. Clark again and again that wigging wookies fetches fat-head Feds fewer than four functioning flippers!"
"How about food? What is the kitchen like and how will we deal with shopping?"
"Oh, no problemo, Paulino! Ysenof is shopping strength short-changed, you should have seen how stray-child in the supermarket he was the day I helped him uncover his mother in a Walmart Supercenter. Also, if he gets the humongous homestead we were walkabouting, there's a commercial-grade crackin-kitchen. It harbors one of the Hawaiian Islands, where we're going to have a tiptop-terrific taco-bar on Wednesdays with two types of guacamole! It won't be same ol' avocado feature week-in week-out, either! Only the latest and finest fare off the Pinterest page I share."
"I don't know. There need to be some ground rules, like Ysenof has to promise not to park his bed outside the door to my room."
"I pluckily prophesied that you'd make the move, Pauline! I got you with the guacamole goods! No one of mortal mien can avoid the allure of a taco bar with two riling recipes of guacamole glee. Hold me up, because I'm feeling faint! Bed outside your bedroom door? Ysenof, what were you wheeling and dealing at Pauline's pad that you didn't reveal?"
Abby was definitely operating in cart before horse territory. Pauline had not agreed, she had only expressed an open mind to the possibility of moving in. Still, it was a remarkable improvement from Pauline yelling names at me. Abby is walking, talking proof that simply jumping in without regard for what you are doing or where you are going can work out. It is not a method I preferred, so it was probably fortunate that I had Abby and John to run in headlong and screw a situation up so I did not have to do it myself.

19.End
20.Start

We had made a significant tactical error in dealing with The Followers of the Chosen. We had shown them our hand as the poker idiom goes.
When we visited Joseph Pirela at their hall, all of us had gone. We had expected verification of their complicity in the attack at the hospital, and possibly the bank robbery, which would then lead to a violent confrontation. Abby had failed to get information. She had been completely flummoxed by something at The Followers' meeting hall, and it probably was not a physic. It seemed probable to me that the mechanism that was interfering with her on all of her partial or full deafness incidents was a similar phenomenon from different sources.
The situation gave me the notion that we potentially had an opportunity to study the phenomenon that was interfering with Abby. If the interference source at The Followers' hall was persistent, then I could test a defensive solution for the problem.
My solution to Abby's problem was to put an amplifier like the one I made for John on her. Since the interference seemed to come from small granule physica, I could use the low pass filter to cut off signals in the range I suspected they communicated in. The assumption was that there was some correlation between John's tracking and what ever it was the kids were doing to interfere with Abby.
It was not difficult to get started on Abby's shield against the Chosen, because I had already built a backup for the amplifier I had designed for John. Not only did I have it in case he accidentally destroyed his, but I had been working on a project to build an automated physic detection system. At that point, the project had gone nowhere, so it was no big deal to repurpose the equipment.
My first step in the Abby protection experiment was to put my backup amplifier on her and set the low pass filter to block physic kid granules. We did this at home, away from The Followers' hall, for a baseline test of what would happen.
"Project Physic Scarecrow baseline test one on Guinea Pig Alpha Sierra commencing. Subject reports that Ysenof's voice sounds a little low, it's coming in five loud by three clear. I'd be a perfectly excellent experimenter, wouldn't I Ysenof?! This experiment has everything, a crucially cool code name, acute attentiveness to delicate details, and a state of the art physic technology!"
I was tempted to set the low and high pass filters to overlap, but that would not solve the Abby gab problem, and I strongly suspected would introduce the all-time favorite screaming Abby state. Pauline drove us over to The Followers' hall in search of interference to test the filter. Fortunately, we found what we were looking for.
"Project Physic Scarecrow field test one on Guinea Pig Alpha Sierra commencing. Subject is at the same location where interference occurred previously. With physic filter not engaged, Ysenof's voice is lost in space, zero by zero. Pauline comes in at two by one.
"Project Physic Scarecrow field test two on Guinea Pig Alpha Sierra commencing. Subject is still at the same location where interference occurred previously in the conversation with confounding factor, Joseph Pirela. With physic filter engaged, Ysenof's voice comes in five by three, Pauline at five by four.
"Project Physic Scarecrow field test three..."
I was proud of how thoroughly Abby was testing the filter. After doing the initial test at the location where John interviewed Joe Pirela, she started doing tests at different spots in the area around the building.
While we were making our way around the far side of the building, we were interrupted by a few cars driving into the parking lot.
"Abby, testing is over. We need to get out of here before they see us."
"Ysenof agrees with your decree, Pauline. We don't want Jo-Jo's meddling minions to make out our mountain-top-secret scheme!"
We managed to get away without being noticed. Fortunately, we were not parked out front across the street, because it looked like a bunch of kids had come out to play a game of basketball in the parking lot.
The results from that evening soon came in handy when John told us that it was imperative that we get more intelligence on The Followers in the immediate future. We could not very well send other FBI agents in to investigate them, because of the physic secret and because they could not read people's left temporal lobes. We still had covert alternatives, but then you would have to remember that John was in charge. It would take time for me to devise a method for remote observation, too long for John. You also should not be surprised that we used an overt approach since you are already acquainted with the John Clark specialty, the "shoot first then maybe think later" technique.
When Abby told John about how markedly the filter helped, he worked out a scheme to send Abby in during one of their meetings. From occasional drives by the building, we knew that quite a few people attended their meetings. Our hope was that a few extra congregants would go unnoticed, at least for a little while.
I wanted to spend a few weeks setting up surveillance inside of the building so we could get an idea of what happened at one of the meetings. However, John was getting pressure to have movement on the case as soon as possible, and that meant reports with something in them. Sending Abby in when there was a large group of people present gave us a better chance of catching them off guard. There was also a chance she would hear something before she got through the door, but the filter had not been tested in such a congested physic interference situation. I was not certain that the filters would be sufficiently robust to keep all of the noise out without creating interference of their own.
Abby had designed her own adornments for the frame of the computer to brain interface that housed her protective filter. It looked like a tiara, which was definitely too conspicuous for John's taste. He made her wear a hat instead. She picked a colorfully bright winter hat with ear flaps that had to be express ordered.
"I hate to tell you the terrible truth, Mr. Clark, but winter-wear in fried-egg freeway Phoenix, is cuckoo conspicuous, not just in July!"
"Trust me, Abby. You're better off without the tiara, although you could have picked out something a little more subdued."
"I had to select something that could complete a con-semble so I could conform to the surveillance storm, Mr. Clark. Nothing screams sneaky spy like a disguise that doesn't feng shui in the fray!"
"Con-semble?"
The biggest problem with John is that he does not understand that the worst case scenario is not always a matter of being out-gunned. This weakness manifested itself in his choice of bodyguards for Abby. He chose Pauline instead of me to protect her.
"It's a disguise, dummy! Ysenof insists on another audition for the bodyguard bit, Mr. Clark! Did he specify that his shield is intrinsically inviolable, a physic fink flinging field? It will be an ass-kicking Abby insidious intelligence scooping smörgåsbord!"
"If Ysenof goes in with you, you'll be made before you cross the threshold. Also, he isn't as good in a scrape as Pauline. You two are going in while we observe you from the car."
"But Ysenof insists this isn't a hammer her over the head and drunkenly drag her home hack-job, Mr. Clark! We can do a turtle tactic and take on the gross-n-grody possum persona 'til their secrets slip."
"You and Pauline are going in. Ysenof and his computer are sitting here with me."
I equipped Abby's hat with a camera and microphone so we could keep track of them on my laptop in John's car. Abby and Pauline walked up to the door and stopped, presumably to find out if Abby could listen from outside.
"Agent Alpha Sierra to top techno-taco Yankee Mike. Pauline coming in at five by three. Mystery murmur of muttering menagerie at three by zero. We have a big rig honking hooey on the clairaudio from checkpoint primo. Watch out 'cause we're going ground zero!"
Abby and Pauline were made not long after they walked in the door. John was not happy with that development, but he actually should have expected Abby and her crazy hat to get noticed. Sometimes it is better to accept what you can not do and find a way to make the best of it instead of foolishly trying to shoot the moon.
Not surprisingly, it got worse, because while Pauline was the premiere killing machine on the planet, she made an awful bodyguard. Not only did she accidentally break Abby's nose, she sent half of The Followers' congregation to the hospital. When the faithful, not unexpectedly, tried to remove Abby and Pauline from the building, Pauline resisted. As I have mentioned before, Pauline's lightest grip would be best termed "break your arm off." All of those regular people were like rag dolls as they rushed her and she flung them around. The two basketball stars were there, but they did not lift a finger to help their followers. Firearms did not come out either. It was old-fashioned police brutality with a modern physic twist. Not bad for Pauline's first week at work for the FBI.
Likewise, Joseph Pirela stood there and did nothing but grin the whole time. I do not normally like to look at people's faces in person. It is distracting to pay attention to all of the details of their expression while otherwise interacting with them. However, in this case, I was not doing anything but watching. There was very little else to occupy my attention, except the swaying of Abby's camera and the occasional flung faithful. I also had the whole thing recorded, which gave me the chance to look at him carefully during a replay. It was obvious. We were screwing up and he knew it.
"Get out of the car, Ysenof. I need you to run point so Pauline doesn't crush me with a flying cultist."
John and I went in to get them out of there so the ongoing carnage would come to an end. John wanted to take Abby to the hospital and Pauline wanted to help attend to Abby's nose when she found out that she had been the one to hit her. I did not let either of them have their way.
Local anesthesia blocks pain by disrupting the propagation of neuronal signal. The popular anesthetic, lidocaine, blocks voltage regulated ion channels. This does not block a neuron from receiving the signal, but instead, prevents the very weak original signal from being amplified. Rather than synthesize my own lidocaine, I decided to alter the channel proteins involved in this process so they did not operate properly.
Initially, I ended up breaking a few of them in the process of understanding how they worked. This was not a big deal in the scheme of thousands of proteins per neuron. I needed to not only find an effective solution, but one that was reversible. I did not want to make Abby's nose feel completely gone until the proteins were replaced over the next couple of days. I also did not want to change the neurons' channel protein production due to a long-term lack of feedback to the nucleus.
The solution turned out to be pretty simple. I attacked the stability of the transmembrane sections of the protein near the channel. The reliable functionality of these proteins is predicated upon them not moving around as they sit in the membrane of a neuron. For this to happen, the transmembrane sections themselves are not charged and not polar, like oil. This makes them compatible with the gooey hydrophobic middle of the cell membrane. These sections are often immediately bordered by a charged amino acid, which is attracted to the water outside the membrane. This creates a solid, stable foundation for the protein to create a channel in the cell membrane for ions to pass through.
I undermined this stability by pulling the negatively charged tails off of the glutamate residues at the transmembrane cap and attaching them to alanines in the middle. When I did this asymmetrically to the four sections that made up the channel, it caused the transmembrane sections to slide around and the proteins cease to be an effective channel through the cell membrane. Enough of these defective channels prevented the dendrites from amplifying the neurotransmitter signals they received, which made them unlikely to fire, an effect similar to lidocaine.
Compared to numbing Abby's nose, pushing the cartilage in place and joining polymers to repair the damaged tissue was easy. Undoing the chaos I created in Abby's voltage-gated sodium channels was complicated by the jiggling transmembrane proteins. Further, I had to walk a fine line in restoring the channels. I had disabled a minority of the channels in what amounted to a firewall pattern. However, even though I had disabled a minority of them and neurons regularly replace channel proteins, I could not leave so many of them disabled. A lack of stimulation in vital pathways could cause the neurons to significantly reshape their dendritic trees. On the other hand, I did not want Abby to start feeling all of the pain either. I settled for restoring a limited portion of the strategically located proteins and checked occasionally to make sure nothing was going wrong. As you can see, another benefit of being in the FBI physic squad was world-class medical treatment.
"Perception in practice wasn't as transparent as in testing, Ysenof. I foremostly featured five by one or five by two. The buzzing background was bedeviling, big-time! I only got a single scoop of poop, but it's a prodigious religious crime-time! They have a mucho mongo machination on the menu on the fifth of the forthcoming February schedule!"
"That's a strange bit of information to pluck out of the crowd, Abby. Where did it come from?"
"It came from nowhere and everywhere, the zeitgeist of The Followers, the resolution of all roads, the holistic hollow of their tootsie pop! The fifth of February is the monumental milestone where we whoop those weirdoes until they moan and groan!"
"You're an oracle now? Wonderful."
We had no idea what would happen on February fifth, but probably would have found that out and more if John had not sent the bull into the china shop. I felt like we were trying extremely hard to play down to our opponent. I knew the incident was going to come back to bite us. It was merely a matter of time.

20.End
21_epigraph.Start
email from anonymous

Special Agent John Clark,

Attached to this email is a video that not only depicts an incident of egregious brutality by an FBI employee, but it also would trigger an investigation into you and your colleagues that I think you would find extremely uncomfortable. If you don't want this video to become more public than it is currently, I suggest you scale down your investigation into The Followers and The Chosen.

21_epigraph.End
21.Start

The reason Pauline eventually agreed to move in with Abby and me became clearer when we took a final look at the house before closing the deal. She spent all of her time in the kitchen and the great room adjoining it. The previous occupants had been a very large family, so the range was a commercial appliance with six burners and a sizeable griddle over two extra wide ovens. I knew that we could end up having more physica move in down the road and we would have to feed Pauline, so having a high capacity kitchen had been on my list of priorities. I still did not fully understand how important the range and two full-sized refrigerators would be to Pauline, however.
Abby was running around and designating the purpose for every room while Pauline and I hung out in the nexus of the house. We could hear Abby as she moved from room to room and yelled out the title for each to us, sometimes twice. The purposes of the rooms mostly stuck, including the bedroom assignments. Abby put me in a room adjacent to Pauline because she knew I wanted easy access to Pauline's physic granules. This also served Abby, since she ended up with the master bedroom. I would have preferred to have a private bathroom, but access to those physic granules was a higher priority. Considering how spartan my grooming needs were, it was probably best that one of the women got the private bathroom instead of me.
The full scale of Pauline's appetite did not strike me until I was living in the same house and working in the same office as her. Keeping all of those physic granules fed was a major production. It was no wonder that she was so enamored with the kitchen.
Once or twice a week, Pauline would cook all of the food that she would eat between regular meals for the following half or full week. When you are constantly eating, one goes through a lot of food. You may think you have met someone that is constantly eating, but it is not physically possible for you to have met someone like Pauline. She would take almost a full casserole dish of food with her to work, packed into several large plastic containers. On the days we went out for lunch, she would still go home with them empty.
In those wide ovens, Pauline would cook four casserole dishes at a time, two in each. It took two batches to get her through a week, which did not include all of the extras she ate, like regular meals. It made sense why Pauline was so keen on the food arrangement. She must have been spending all of her free time and money buying groceries and preparing the enormous quantity of food she was eating. She still spent a lot of time preparing food, but the large refrigerators and oven enabled her to spend one evening a week instead of a good chunk of every night.
It did not take long for me to realize that there was a serious flaw in Pauline's food choices. She was cooking as though preparing food for an army of women that were watching their weight. Instead, she should have been cooking for one enormous sumo wrestler who was watching his weight in a completely different way.
The worst misconception was about vegetables. She had way too many of them in her casseroles. Her body did not have a meaningfully larger requirement for the vitamins, nutrients and phytochemicals found in vegetables, but she was eating many times the necessary quantity to remain healthy.
People have a tendency to believe that everything is either good for you or bad for you. It is not that simple. People get diseases when they do not get enough of a vitamin or mineral, so they think getting extra will make you less sick. This is patently not true. For example, studies have suggested that high consumption of antioxidants increases the risk of cancer. The reality is the optimal target for a particular dietary input is a range. Too much or too little can cause a problem. I was concerned about what would help Pauline be healthy and happy, not pre-conceived notions of what foods are good and which are bad.
There was no reason to think that Pauline had an elevated need for anti-oxidants or minerals. She was not recycling or growing tissue at an elevated rate, which would be the reason for an elevated mineral need. Physic granule metabolism did not leave behind destructive oxidizing molecules, so she did not need more antioxidants. Further, I thought that physic granules were likely inhibiting aberrant behavior in the cells they occupied, which in Pauline was the majority of them.
Pauline did not need the raw materials from vegetables, including the increased fiber content. However, her emaciated state was an indicator that she needed to increase the energy throughput of her eating. Fat contains the highest density of chemical energy exploitable by our bodies of any substance we can digest. One might think that would make it the best thing for Pauline to consume in quantity. Considering digestion efficiency, I thought differently.
"Ysenof says that you need to rethink, revamp and ruthlessly realign the composition of your casseroles, Pauline! He tells me you're torturing your tummy with dietarily deficient, gastrointestinal-gunking chucky chow when you should be treating it to turbo-charged, smooth-sailing, virtuous victuals. The moral of the story, the punch-line to the joke, and the last page in the Cliff's Notes is you should sumo your sustenance!"
"There's nothing wrong with my food. It isn't chucky chow, whatever that is. I like it and it's good for me. Waffle Man over there could certainly use some more vegetables in his diet."
"The foremost fallacy in your argument is you assume Ysenof's waffles are cheap calorie delivery in the dining room. They're stack-packed with numerous nutritional nummies like monounsaturated fat, specifically stearic acid, and fab phytochemicals like resveratrol. Ysenof is all ears for the fascinating long-and-winding-path revival of your discovery as you developed deepest discernment of the physic granule energy cycle. Pretty please, don't demand to hear his, it's a snooze-and-lose proposition for all who petition. The abridged edition of Ysenof's analysis of your anorexic anatomy is that you're starveling your suffering swarms of physic faculty. The veggies are the crafty, confining culprits in your gastronomic guttering. They are The Man smothering and uncovering your freewheeling full-figured goals' guttering!"
Abby kept on the task of influencing Pauline and spent less time than I would have defending my waffles. That was a good thing. The way she put things was interesting as usual, which had me worried that Pauline would not listen.
"I suppose he wants me to start eating greasy hamburgers and pizza all of the time. I don't know if I could do that if I tried."
"Urrr! That's the big buzzer in the sky saying sumoists shun bunless burgers and pizza pies when they're packing poundage! They ravage rice-balls Japanese slow loris style, without the beguiling baby eyes! There's rhyme to the reason a rice lunch leads to larder longings, devastating dinner. Simple Simon carbie calories melt in your mouth, not your jelly belly! Go double down on rice and 'roni and lighten the load on the fiber fetish fatwa a la mode. You've discerned your digestive comings and goings aren't a straight shuffle showing. It's gazillions of granules toiling and boiling fatuous fiber into bite-size bits, preventing Pauline privation!"
"There you go. I'm using all of the fiber in the vegetables, so I can keep on eating them."
"Were you cogitating that carbs keep the slopes smooth? It's ridiculous to refute that a stout sumo isn't a super-sizing sensation! Your skeleton screams Almighty Anorexia as you stuff your stomach sick and yet you think you're the natty nourishment nonpareil chick. Ysenof isn't exclaiming and proclaiming that veggies are verboten, vanished and banished from the Pauline province, forgotten! He's proposing you partake in a mere mortal measure, a daily dose of protein, plant prosperity and fatty filler. The bulky balance will beget pure padding packing power!"
"That sounds suspiciously like eating plain noodles or rice. I don't think I can do that."
"Edible herbs are savory seasonings for the soul. Ysenof insists you should tightrope balance your sodium and potassium intake dance. Your kidneys are speedily shunting sodium like a sieve grunting. It's serious, sober Abby-and-Pauline prime time. Institute Ysenof's instruction for a wimpy weensy week, then do a deduction!"
It was very fortunate that Abby was there to filter the conversation for me. I was getting frustrated with the dumb argument with the ignorant person. The way that people respond to how an argument is presented and ignore the logic makes no sense to me. I had Abby to massage the message, but I was not sure it would be enough to get through to Pauline.

21.End
22_epigraph.Start
Message to Pauline Morcet

Pauline, working out how to feed your physic granules has made me realize I can do more to optimize the energy supply for my own. I intend to increase my lean muscle mass to improve the energy reserves available for physic performance. This will require that I take a more disciplined approach to eating, mostly by eating more frequently. You have done a remarkable job of organizing your food consumption. Would you be willing to assist me in establishing a similar, though not as aggressive eating schedule?

Ysenof

22_epigraph.End
22.Start

Living with Pauline and Abby made it easier to implement a regimen to improve our physic fitness. Pauline's weight gain subsequent to her change in diet inspired me to finally do something to improve myself as well. There had been times when my body had not responded optimally to a large physic energy expenditure, particularly the times I put my shield around Abby's car. I kept peanut granola bars in my pockets in case I got lightheaded, but I wanted to take my capacity to the next level.
I figured that weight gain would increase the energy reserves that would be at my disposal and might reduce the latency between being drained by a strenuous task and being ready to go again. I wanted healthy weight gain, which meant I would have to build muscle. Larger muscles have more fat and glycogen imbedded in them. More fat and glucose storage meant more available energy. Although my objective was to achieve physical fitness, what I actually became was a body builder.
My regular appetite clearly was not enough to overcome the energy requirements of my physic granules. I was lean and always had been. I needed to make a concerted effort to consume more carbohydrates and more lean protein. Fats, while they are the most concentrated form of biologically extractable energy, take decidedly longer to digest. I started eating like Pauline instead of eating like Ysenof. Pauline had taught herself to constantly think about food, rather than waiting until she was hungry. She ate all of the time, whether she was hungry or not. I needed to do the same if I was going to gain weight.
I asked Pauline to help me. Like when I asked to stay at her apartment to look at her physic granules, I composed something ahead of time to have one of my phones play for her. After my request, she included me in her eating regimen and was nice enough to bug me about half of the times she went to the microwave to warm up a snack. The interruptions probably slowed down work on whatever project I was working on, but at times it also helped me step away from the problem and look at it in another way. I liked taking food breaks with Pauline, so it was a positive change in my routine, even if the timing was not always optimal.
Increasing my caloric intake was only half of the solution to my energy reserve problem. I was eating enough to support an increase in body mass, but I needed to do more to build muscle instead of fat. My original plan was to stretch my muscles to simulate the damage caused by regular strain that stimulates muscle growth. I was quite content with this plan, but Pauline drew Abby and me into her own physical training regimen.
"What do you think about turning the great room into something useful? We could move the couch and television into the mostly useless atrium. We use the TV only occasionally to watch movies anyway. Then, we could use all of that wasted space for exercise. How do you feel about a couple of ceiling mounts for heavy bags?"
"Would you mentor me in the martial arts, Pauline? I want to open up an overwhelming onna bugeisha battering ram on a wondering weirdo when he gives me the willies! The great room could develop into a divine dojo of the deadly dance! We would be free to formulate fit physiques, don't you agree?!"
Abby's enthusiasm for the idea made a reasonable request into a demand. An important fixture was the heavy bag. We had two, a normal one for Abby and I, and a sturdier version for Pauline. I made Pauline's extra heavy, with reinforcement everywhere, including the ceiling, the anchors bolted into it, and the canvas the bag was made from. We also had three layers of padded mats laid down on the floor and I put close to a thousand pounds of spare platinum I had laying around in Pauline's bag.
I considered putting lead into her bag, but there were health concerns about doing so. I keep quite a lot of lead around to transmute into heavy metals, particularly platinum. Not only is it easier to make heavy metals with a heavy metal, but lead is effective at absorbing high energy particles and electromagnetic waves produced in the transmutation process. You do not want to irradiate everyone in the vicinity while you are "mining" rare platinum group metals.
Pauline's plan was to catch up on her somewhat lapsed hap-ki-do training. Hap-ki-do is a mixed martial art like jiu-jitsu that was derived from the Korean martial art tae-kwon-do. I found it interesting that Pauline practiced a Korean martial art and was fascinated with Japanese culture. It seemed that she had started learning hap-ki-do before she gained an appreciation for everything Japanese.
To maximize our learning efficiency, Pauline wanted to install full-length mirrors on one wall so we could easily look at our form and make immediate improvements. I agreed that it would help, but balked at having a kitschy seventies style wall of mirrors in my house.
"To practice hap-ki-do, we need to be flexible, so we will start with a warm-up and then stretching. Simply do exactly what I do to the best of your ability."
"Peep this, Pauline! I'm a stupendous scissor splits specialist and hoopy at hap-ki-do. Look at how high I hover over the Ysenof capability curve!"
"I hate to tell you this, Abby, but Ysenof is a flatline. Are you actually stretching, Ysenof? It looks like you're merely standing there."
"I have Ysenof intelligence that his nervous system is sustaining its somatic sensory ceiling. He is stretching like he's never been stretched before!"
I was a terrible athlete, and it showed as our training continued. Pauline concentrated on teaching us the striking part of the art, because that was what she was working on. Tae-kwon-do is really considered more of a sport martial art than a pragmatic self defense and combat art, but that assessment does not account for Pauline. Her brand of tae-kwon-do was quick, efficient and absolutely deadly.
"Slug-slow motion kicking is for the scavengers to circle as it suffers a slow, shin-splints-smarting sayonara, Pauline. I'm not going to kick crazy physic foes in slo-mo. I'm going to whack their junk like a weed-eating whirlwind!"
"We're doing the slow kicks to help you develop your muscle control and balance, not because it is an effective maneuver. We're training your body to move in a different way, and moving slowly requires control and makes you learn faster.
"Speaking of learning faster, we absolutely need those mirrors if we want to make progress. Nothing beats immediate feedback on what you're doing wrong. By the way, Ysenof, you have nice form, but you might want to figure out how to kick higher than knee level. I know you aren't very flexible, but you're going to have to try harder to improve."
"Look at my totally towering toes, Pauline, they're clutching and touching the twittering tweety-birds!"
"That's great Abby, but your toes shouldn't be sticking out further than your heel and you need to turn your hip over like this."
When someone practices tae-kwon-do, they focus on learning to do one thing, deliver the maximum possible force to the target while maintaining control. This is achieved through applying basic principles to technique and developing perfectly repeatable form that embodies those principles. The first lesson is that strength comes from extending a limb in a straight line. Wrists, elbows, knees and ankles are the weak points on a punch or kick. If the knuckle of the fist is not aligned straight out from the arm in a punch or the heel straight out from the leg on a side kick, power is lost from the joints bending upon impact. It also hurts if you are hitting something hard like a heavy bag.
The second principle boils down to the notion that two muscles are stronger than one. It is not taught this way, but that is the most pure way I could think of to express it. What Pauline actually taught is for us to use our whole body to generate force, whether it be a punch or kick. If a kick or punch is aligned to not flex on impact with your target and you use all of your muscles to generate the most momentum possible, you will deliver a powerful blow.
Finally, the simplest principle is that if you aim at the surface of a target, you will not deliver the full force you're generating. By following through, you ensure that you were not wasting your time doing all of the hard stuff.
Understanding the basic principles of tae-kwon-do is completely different than being a competent practitioner. Neither Abby nor I were remotely competitive with Pauline. I had done very little that was athletic in nature as a youth and my lack of coordination showed. Abby was assuredly flexible, but struggled with absorbing the principles. Still, we practiced most evenings. I spent quite some part of that time watching Abby's spinal neurons. I was trying to understand how central pattern generation and delay circuits were changing as she slowly trained her body to conform to a more desirable sequence of movement. Abby, of course, took full advantage.
"Get in your gi, punching bag pugilist. It's time for you to monitor my amazing, mutating motoneurons while I beat your sorry shield silly!"
The training was not adequate to produce the results I wanted. A sport like tae-kwon-do would be good enough to firm up my muscles and add a small quantity of bulk, but I was not encountering sufficient resistance to get a meaningful increase in muscle mass. It was a worthwhile activity that improved my coordination and afforded me the opportunity to learn about neuron plasticity. However, I still ended up carefully stretching my muscles to increase the potential for my improved diet to build muscle.
Living together also made all of us more aware of one another's idiosyncracies. I learned about an important Nemesis activity one evening when Abby was helping John figure out what was going to happen on the fateful fifth of February. I was studying physic granules on my integrated circuit test bench to try and understand some of the finer points of why John's amplifier and Abby's shield worked. I had managed to integrate something like physic granules into the electronics and made them perform a task, but I did not completely understand how it worked. Until I understood the underlying principles, subsequent similar technology I developed would be engineered more as a consequence of trial and error than thoughtful design. I would be a slave to chance more than I liked.
For some reason, I lost concentration on what I was doing and realized it was almost time for a snack with Pauline. Normally, she reminded me of food breaks, but this was one of those rare occasions when I noticed before she could interrupt me. I could not go back to work with the upcoming event looming, so I went looking for Pauline. I had it in my mind that we could have fresh waffles, but I wanted to make sure she was willing before I spent effort on making my proprietary recipe. I found her almost immediately, in the hallway outside of my room. She looked strange, but I had a hard time recognizing why.
"Oh, hi. I was just heading out for a workout. I'll be back in a couple of hours."
The situation was quite suspicious, and I am sure there were reasons that I did not notice. Pauline going out right before it was time for our seven-thirty snack was unusual. If she had eaten earlier, why had she not come to get me? When I noticed that she had her katana with her, I knew what was going on. After finding the ignition line on Pauline's car and severing it, I pulled out the micro-mechanically altered cell phone I'd modified for the FBI security interview.
"Hi, Nemesis. Where are you taking Pauline tonight?"
"Don't worry about Pauline. I always take perfectly fine care of her."
"You can get her in a lot of trouble."
"So, are you going to stop me? I'd like to see you try."
"Meet you in the car."
"Whatever. I'm out of here."
I had already disabled Pauline's car, so I did not need to be in a hurry to follow along. The developing situation made me anxious, so it was hard to think of what I might need to take along on our trip. I managed to think of the ultra-ray, and got to the garage door before I remembered what I had left my room for in the first place. The waffle plan clearly needed to be scuttled, but we would still need our snack. I went to the kitchen and grabbed one of the plastic containers of casserole that Pauline had prepared and some utensils to eat with. When I got to the garage, I found Nemesis in Pauline's car with the garage door up.
"What did you do to my car?"
I re-fused the wire in the ignition that I had severed, then texted.
"Try now."
Nemesis did not talk to me very much, she simply drove us straight to The Followers' meeting hall. Some kids were gathered outside in the parking lot as we parked directly across the street in full view. When Nemesis unsheathed her katana as she crossed the street, they scattered like rabbits. There were a lot of them, and I am not so good at handling a quickly changing situation, so I did not get a good enough look to see if any of them were physic kids. Judging by the way a couple of them moved, I suspected that they were.
After that, Nemesis sat down on the ground where the kids had been congregating and closed her eyes. I wanted to observe the differences between the physic granule operation of Nemesis and Pauline. However, I did not think it would be prudent to get near enough to overcome her natural interference to electromagnetic probing, much less do some ultra-ray probing on her. Instead, I sat in the car and heated up the casserole before eating it. Nemesis did not seem interested in eating and I wanted to avoid her in general, so I did not offer her any. I had forgotten the cell phone based test bench that I had been working on before getting up for the food break, so I did not get significant work done. I ended up spending my time watching online videos on one of my phones and performing physic alchemy on lead pellets I kept in a sealed bucket in the trunk for exactly such an occasion.
We were not interrupted by The Followers. That made me wonder what it was that both of them wanted out there in the late evening. Was Nemesis merely privy to their plans and was disrupting an important physic kid meeting or communication calibration procedure? I did not know.

22.End
23.Start

As the fifth of February, D-Day for whatever The Followers were up to, approached, plans for surveillance at The Followers' hall were put on hold. John and Abby had spent considerable effort attempting to figure out more information since Abby first heard something during the infiltration fiasco at The Followers' hall. We had a meeting at around noon the day before at the house, which had become our place to meet privately. It was also a Saturday. John often tried to get us in the office on weekends, but was seldom successful with me. I had too many other things I wanted to do. In this particular case, we had a potentially important Followers plot to foil, so John came over to give a briefing.
"As you already know, Abby and I have been investigating the importance of the fifth to The Followers since she overheard a snippet in the confusion while Pauline was mauling them. I'm sure you've heard a lot of this from Abby previously, but I wanted to get everyone on the same page before we begin our surveillance tonight."
"Our creepings and peepings got the snoop and stab swag!"
"Further investigation has revealed that their target is the Bank of America building at Southern and Alma School in Mesa. Not only has Abby heard mention of the building, we have observed Leon Mumey, Sam Hochsteen, Kade Kirst and Nate Skoler visiting the building this past week, and..."
"They were casing the joint like a pack of hashish hounds!"
"And the strange thing is that alarms went off last night, but at the Bank of America Tower at Third and Washington in downtown Phoenix. It isn't clear what they are up to. It seems that their plan somehow spans both buildings. Bank of America's security is managed centrally, so there could be a reason they are interested in both buildings."
"It's the monkey formerly not known as Mister Steve, Mr. Clark!"
"Yes, we found the physic monkey and his keeper, one of the Chosen named Tammy Erekson. Their activities haven't been explicitly connected to the other four yet, but all of them frequent The Followers' hall for various activities. We suspect that Mister Steve could be the one that is going to disable the security when they strike, which will put him downtown."
"He's going to be the monkey wrench smashing their security system!"
"We expect the monkey to be involved, but this should be a team operation, and we anticipate the other four to also take part. It could be that they are planning to hit both simultaneously, Mister Steve and Tammy in Phoenix, and the rest in Mesa. This looks like it won't be a cash grab, but an attack on Bank of America's network. We're going to have to watch both locations tonight. However, we need to learn more about the bank's computer network without using FBI resources. If I make the call, I'll have to explain all of this and there is a good chance we'll end up with more oversight than we want. Besides, I suspect that Ysenof can do a lot more with a hands-on visit. What does Ysenof think, Abby?"
At this point, I was quite sure that we would end up dividing the group. One pair would be in downtown Phoenix and the other in Mesa. John could easily see our physic rivals coming, but we could not split him in half and have him at both locations. That meant we needed another person who could detect the small granule physica. I could do so if I were to look carefully, but there was a good chance I would not notice them coming. Abby could detect them by noticing she was deaf. However, she was not sensitive enough to be a good detector. Fortunately, I had an idea on how to bolster her range. It was the amplifier I had designed for John, of course.
Since the filter on the tracking amplifier was able to protect Abby from Chosen interference, it stood to reason that if it was set to amplify that range of signal, then Abby would become more sensitive to their presence. However, we would need to do a quick test to make sure that my conjecture was true. We did not want to have her at one of the two locations with the expectation that she could detect incoming physica and then end up being wrong. A trip to The Followers' hall would likely prove sufficient to test the theory and help calibrate the setting we needed for her to be an effective physic kid detector.
Abby serving as the second physic kid detector settled the issue of how we would need to be split between the two locations. John and Pauline were the drivers. That meant that John and I would be in one car while Abby and Pauline were in the other. That was an optimal configuration, since it also divided the two most resilient in our group, Pauline and myself. That left the question of which group would go to which location. I had to go to the downtown Phoenix location to look at their server room. If the Chosen were going to perpetrate an electronic theft, their activity would eventually lead to that location.
"Ysenof's brooding and computing, Mr. Clark. He has a dream, a scheme of how a coquettish colleague can fiendishly ferret furtive physica! I'm going to use the brain blocker beanie to become a canary in the coal mine. Hey! I don't think I cotton to this caper!"
"Ysenof wants to amplify your sensitivity to the physic runts? That works for me. You and Pauline will have watch duty in Mesa tonight. Ysenof and I will set up outside the Bank of America tower in Phoenix. Is Ysenof good with that?"
"You're scant steps shy of Ysenof's mind's eye, Mr. Clark. We have some scientific studying to stage before lying in wait to engage wayward, wet behind the ears waifs!"
"That's fine, but we need to get downtown early so Ysenof can take a look around, so hurry it up."
"Excuse me, but it sounds like Abby and I are the second string, watching the less important building, just in case it matters."
"Actually, Pauline, I have very little idea of what is going to happen or who is going to do it. That is why we're watching both locations. Ysenof needs to look at those computers, so he and I are going to the main building downtown. You guys need to get out of here and test Ysenof's contraption so you can watch the Mesa branch."
"Testing starts with a control, Mr. Clark! Project Physic Ferret baseline test one on Guinea Pig Alpha Sierra commencing. Turning up amplifier until Pauline languishes to illegible like Ysenof, inaccessible. Pauline coming in at five by three. Setting near and dear to where Mr. Clark got the bumpy jumpies when tracking and trailing during the pernicious pyrophysic affair!"
It was not completely surprising that John did not want to join us for Abby's sensitivity testing. Pauline drove us to a spot a block away from The Followers' hall where I had been planning to look for a way to plant a bug. Instead, we parked and Abby went to work on her physic sensitivity.
I knew the physic kid interference band already from observing them and, more importantly, from John's preferred Chosen filtering settings. Since I had already isolated the frequency band that was interfering with Abby's hearing, it would not do to amplify everything. That would make a very unpleasant experience for Abby.
Amplifying only a specific band was more difficult than filtering, but I had already done some work, so the adjustment was possible, though less accurate than I would have liked. My plan was to only amplify the higher frequency half of the physic kids' noise. That way, there would be minimal impact on Abby's hearing. The control test already had worked at the house. The question was, would the amplification actually enhance the interference at The Followers' hall?
"Project Physic Ferret field test one on Guinea Pig Alpha Sierra commencing. Subject submits that Pauline is coming in five by five with amplifier agitation absent.
"Project Physic Ferret field test two on Guinea Pig Alpha Sierra commencing. Subject is slowly strengthening gain on amplifier until Pauline reception is ravaged and rearranged. Pauline's now coming in at five by three. Amplifier is at ten percent of the Ysenof approved operational ceiling."
"Okay Abby. How much further out do we want to go for field test three?"
"Ysenof says we should go to the floor of the root dos of dies."
"That's the worst Abby-Ysenof gibberish I've heard to date."
"I'm deliriously and seriously sorry for the silly sophistry, Pauline. Travel two blocks abroad!
"Project Physic Ferret field test three on Guinea Pig Alpha Sierra commencing. Increasing amplification to the max location! Going hypocritical behind the hearing hedge station! Pauline is lost in fuzzy-jaggy-land at zero point six fiver. There's an anomaly in your mazy mathematification prophecy, Ysenof!"
The expectation was that it would take nine times the power at three times the distance to get the same result. In other words, the interference was not scaling at an inverse square rate as we got further from The Followers' hall. It had possibly been a mistake to not have John along to tell us if other physica were in the area disrupting our test. There also could have been a different noise source in the area that was affecting Abby. I was having a hard time picking whatever it was out of the background electromagnetic noise. I had the distinct impression that the physic kids and the device at The Followers' hall knew where Abby was and were targeting her, consciously or unconsciously. That would make it very difficult for me to tell what precisely was happening except by more carefully reviewing the operation of her amplifier. In other words, it was not going to happen any time soon. That was okay, because we had a rough estimate of how to set the amplifier to make Abby a physic kid detector.
"It's resolved and reconciled. I'll amplify and intensify at zero point six to detect and discover forthcoming physic boy-bogeys under cover!"
When we returned to the house, John was ready to go to the Bank of America Tower downtown.
"I took one of your casseroles, Pauline. We're going to need something to keep us going. I also filled a cooler with caffeinated beverages. I suggest you two ladies get a nap if you can, then load up similarly. You need to be in position in Mesa by ten PM. I'll call you around nine-thirty to make sure you're on your way.
"Remember, this could go until tomorrow night, so do what you can to prepare. I've contacted building management and told them you will be there. Just remember, if you run into security, you're merely sitting in their lot because we're operating at one of the nearby hotels. Welcome to the FBI, where sitting and waiting is high art."
"I'm so looking forward to sitting in a car all night, then maybe all day. Thanks for getting me this crappy job at the FBI, John."
"Think of it as a cunning covert operations adventure, Pauline. We can lounge and listen to frigidly fantastic Abby limited play lists and swap sensational story twists! You'll reminisce and relive this epinephrine escapade in an elder edition episode!"
"I'm already looking forward to savoring the mind-numbing dullness while being fed baby food, Abby."
"There you go, positive Pauline! I had complete and continuous confidence in your pool of positude!"
John and I missed the rest of their conversation. I must say it was a relief. Investigating a bank's financial servers was far more interesting than Abby giving Pauline a pep talk.

23.End
24_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com
"Fatal FBI Foible at Bank of America"
by Tatianne Hiker

A foot chase at Alma School and Southern ended early Sunday morning with the death of Mesa native Kade Kirst. It isn't clear exactly how he died on the Southern Avenue blacktop beyond an assertion of "massive trauma" made by Special Agent John Clark. The fifteen-year-old was allegedly evading apprehension by the FBI after a break-in at the Bank of America building at the southeast corner of Alma School and Southern.
Motive for the break-in has not been determined. The age of the deceased might indicate a prank gone wrong, but the lack of vandalism suggests this is unlikely. Details are scant; surveillance systems in the building were disabled before the break-in and accomplices involved in the crime got away without being identified. No profile of the group has been completed.
Nothing of value has been reported missing by Bank of America or the other residents of the building.
The FBI was watching the Mesa location as well as the Bank of America Tower in downtown Phoenix. While the group in Mesa was infiltrating the building, power in the Bank of America Tower computer server room went out and the uninterruptible power supply failed. As a result, all electronic banking for Bank of America customers in Arizona went unexpectedly offline.
Kade Kirst is a junior class honor student at Dobson High School with a perfect GPA and a perfect score on the SAT. He was also a stand-out athlete. He was expected to graduate in May, two years early to attend Arizona State University in Tempe. According to Mesa Police, the FBI is treating the incident as a thwarted bank robbery, a crime which falls under the Bureau's jurisdiction. The FBI declined comment regarding the mismatch between Kade Kirst and a typical criminal, or a potential connection between this incident and the successful robbery of the downtown Tempe Chase Bank branch during November of last year.

24_epigraph.End
24.Start

When John and I got to the Bank of America Tower in Phoenix, there were three things I looked for: power, communications and the unmistakable heat signature of a large quantity of computers and their environmental control systems. It was almost certain that all three would be on the main floor or in one of the three sub-levels. Running all of the power for the machines and their environmental control to a higher level of the building would be a silly waste. It did not take me long to find the computer room one level below the street. It also was not difficult to find where the power came into the building. High power lines that feed skyscrapers are extremely easy to find. What was difficult to find was the fiber-optic cables carrying data into the building. There was no meaningful electromagnetic emanation coming from them. The switches, which were electrical rather than light-based, were easier, but still difficult to find. I had active detection options, but the enormity and complexity of the building would make that a difficult and tedious prospect as well.
 "Have you found out if they've compromised the system yet?"
John was rather optimistic at how quickly I would be able to track down potential damage to the bank's security that had been done the night before. I had been tweaking the network switches at the FBI offices to supply us with access to their network, so I knew something about compromising a network. Still, I was not done yet, and it was possible that The Followers were up to something different than I. There was more than one way to make a network vulnerable to intrusion.
The real impediment to my progress was distance and some exceedingly thick walls and floors. I had no idea what their system looked like. It would have been a challenge to work the whole thing out from inside the computer room. Determining whether and how the system had been breached from the building steps was ludicrous.
Fortunately, I could knock out their system with no problem. I also thought I could cut off communications without knocking out the power, but I was not certain about that. The fiber-optic lines and switches were not easy to locate and I was not sure that I had found them all. Further, if The Followers had breached this system, they had been inside for an extended period of time. Certainly, they would have an advantage over my limited view from the building's steps. I decided to text John so he would have an idea of what was going on and would stop asking dumb questions.
"I know as much as I can learn from out here and can take the system down if it is needed."
"So, you found what The Followers did to the system?"
"No. That is not going to happen."
"Well, great, it looks like we're as useless as a retard at a MENSA meeting. Don't do anything until I tell you. We don't need to knock out a major financial institution unless it is necessary. Are you sure you can't tell what they've done to breach the system?"
"I am sure."
We waited outside the Bank of America Tower, ate, drank, and kept to ourselves until nine-thirty. John called Abby on the phone she mostly used for her voracious Twitter habit. There was some concern that Abby, unaccustomed to voice calls, would not answer. Fortunately, she did and put the phone on speaker so a conversation could occur. Our intent was to keep Abby and Pauline on the line so John could keep track of what was going on at the other location.
"The communication channel is in commission, Mr. Clark!"
"Are you two on your way yet? There's a parking lot in Mesa with an overnight reservation for two."
"We'll be hop, skip, and jumping our way to marvelous Mesa momentarily! We're busily bunching our crunchings and munchings, Mr. Clark"
"Pauline, are you there? I simply want to hear that we're on track from someone reliable."
"I'm really ridiculously reliable, Mr. Clark. They don't call me Sure and Sound Skipper for scant sundries!"
"We're almost on our way, John. Are you sure you want to keep tabs on us? Abby has been talking my ears off here."
Headphones and a DVD solved my Abby chatter problem. John kept track of what was going on everywhere while I worried about what I would do when confronted by our rival physica. On several occasions, I had observed someone that had sustained a concussion that included unconsciousness and retrograde memory loss. From those observations, I had an inkling on what general regions of the brain to target to cause those symptoms. The unconsciousness part would be most important, but it would also be useful for our opponents to not remember how they were defeated. The part that had me nervous was that I did not have hands-on experience. It is one thing to observe something, and an entirely different thing to execute without meaningful practice.
Abby's chattering and my waiting came to an end at around one AM.
"I'm picking up the Pauline program at five by one. It's time to zulu, zoom zoom, ka-boom! The deafness device era is ending none too soon!"
Abby had a better option than turning the amplifier off. If she were to turn it down, then she could detect a closer approach. I texted Abby and hoped she would look.
"Set the amp to 0.1."
"I read you five by five, instructor Ysenof. Project Physic Ferret field run one, setting amp to zero point one. Pauline coming in at five by four, but she's slippin', slippin', slippin' into the three clear! For those of you that are internal information impaired, they're inside the bounds of a block, now shared."
Abby's estimate was a bit off, but not necessarily by a substantial margin. Our tests were an unknown strength source as were the physica moving in on Abby and Pauline. However, she did know that someone was moving closer as the clarity of Pauline was going down.
"Project Physic Ferret field run two, setting amp to zero point zero. Pauline coming in at five by five."
"They've got to be close. I'm going to go out and look for them."
"Don't do that, Pauline. Sit tight until you get a visual on them."
"We can't track them like you can, John. They could be entering the building from the other side. We need to go take a look."
"Fine. Take Abby and the phone with you so we can stay in touch."
"I've an elated, ecstatic and excited reaction! I'm a pivotal player in an overt action!"
"Don't get too excited, Abby. You two are merely doing the rounds to make sure the bad guys haven't broken in. Don't get yourself in trouble."
"Slow the souped-up supercar, Pauline! Project Physic Ferret field run three. Pauline coming in at five by three! We're running those rascally rabbits ragged like a premature parolee!"
It seemed like several minutes went by before we heard anything from the other end except for Abby's labored breathing. Keeping up with Pauline was a hard task for anyone, even if she was trying to go slow, which was not a certainty.
"This is going sideways. I'm not detecting anyone. Why aren't they here at headquarters, Ysenof? That Mesa branch isn't important."
I agreed that something was not going right. However, I was pretty sure that the computer room at our location was important. I would have preferred to take out the communications lines, but I was not absolutely certain where all of them were. The power system for the server room was definitely easier to find. However, I could not get away with merely knocking out the building's power, the system was attached to an uninterruptible power supply.
The presence of an UPS meant that I would have to not only knock out the power supply, but a battery backup. Fortunately, the line that carried power to the servers ran through the UPS. Unfortunately, if I wanted to bring the system down by tripping breakers, I would have to take out two sets of high voltage three phase power lines. Pushing the solenoids to trip on all six of those puppies hundreds of feet away and through many layers of steel and thick concrete was no trivial undertaking.
Fortunately, I found a way to make the physic alchemy work in my favor. The most common isotope of copper, copper 63 is in a higher energy state than both nickel 62 and zinc 64. By transmuting copper atoms to nickel and zinc near the surface of the solenoid wire, I created a lot of waste heat and increased the temperature substantially, which caused the breaker current threshold to drop substantially. This caused the switch to flip even though the current was normal.
After I flipped the first breaker, I went to work on the corresponding breaker coming from the battery backup. I actually had to do the breakers on the city power before the corresponding one from the battery, because the lines from the battery would not pull current until there was a reduction in power. Without that current coming through, my trick with the solenoid would not work.
When I got the first pair switched, the environmental control systems went offline. The next pair of breakers were substantially easier to trip since they were drawing more current to keep up with the load being distributed between two lines instead of three. After that, the current draw was too great, and the third pair of breakers tripped on their own.
"Martial arts isn't the ideal FBI fitness framework! I'm sucking wind like a big-mouth bass flopping on a boat bottom, plopping. Pauline, my air intake organ is ordering an intermission from marathon murdering!"
"What's going on over there, Abby? Ysenof, have you figured out what they did to the security system last night? Have you fixed it?"
I pulled out a different cell phone to communicate with John, one that did not have handy MEMS that improved my texting speed.
"Abby can not hear you."
"Abby can't hear me? Why does she have the cell phone then?"
"I fixed the computers."
"Well, at least something is going right. It seems like we picked the wrong branch to stakeout. They're running around without a clue over there in Mesa. I can't wait to concoct a version of this report that doesn't get me demoted to mall cop."
"Mr. Clark, I think those fiendishly fortunate physica fleetly forayed into the fortress. They locked and blocked our prompt pursuit proficiently!"
"Abby, do you know where Pauline is?"
I texted Abby for John, since he had not caught on.
"Where is Pauline?"
"Pauline is astray while orbiting opponents! They infiltrated and permeated and left Pauline to wander and meander. She's going to go nasty Nemesis on those nincompoops' tuchuses!"
"Crap. Are you sure you've got the computers covered, Ysenof? Nemesis is going to kill those kids and we're not going to have evidence that they did anything."
I texted the message for him.
"Tell Pauline not to hurt those kids."
"I read you five by five, Ysenof! Pauline is circling and cycling while I'm huffing and puffing. We need a more aerobic attitude in our readiness routine, Ysenof."
What Abby needed in her fitness routine was more vigor, but I had neither the time nor inclination to let her know at the time.
"I've prowled upon Pauline! She's cheetah-ing that antelope. I'm so Special Olympian in this rat race, and there's no sneaky shortcut. Nemesis is going to have a hap-ki-do ho-down on that kid's cranium crown!"
"You need to get Pauline to stop, Abby."
"Now they're arduously auditioning for annihilation by auto, Mr. Clark!"
"What's going on Abby? Ysenof, we need to find out what is going on. Text her or something."
"Uh, Mr. Clark? He attempted to architect a roadrunner rocket and got road-rocked like the not so wily coyote."

24.End
25.Start

The difficulty of working with John is that he expects his priorities to become my priorities. After what happened with Nemesis and the physic kid Kade Kirst, John was under more pressure to produce results. Therefore, John was putting a lot of pressure on me to tap the cameras that were already present in The Followers' hall so we could start gathering intelligence. The plan was to edit out sensitive physic related information, but there would be plenty of innocuous information to fill space in reports and show that something was being done to make progress on the suspected terrorist organization.
My preference would have been to do the work remotely. That way, the chance of my being discovered by The Followers would be near zero. The problem with working remotely is that it is far more difficult.
The important principle is that the universe is an information driven system. Information transmission is a function of surface area of an object. The more surface area an object has, the more it can interact with its environment. Further, the quality of the picture of something is directly proportional to the amount of information received regarding it. Because information carriers like electromagnetic photons diffuse as they travel away from their source, the information collection rate on an object is a function of the inverse square of the distance. To get the same quality picture of an object at a long distance it takes a considerably larger information collector or a substantially longer look, or both.
I did not want to make a career out of tapping the video feed at The Followers' hall. Most importantly, I wanted to get John off my back as quickly as possible, so I decided to go in closer to do the work quickly. The first step was to find out about their cameras and the DVR hub they were using to collect the video. You might recall that I am not intimately familiar with any communication protocol that is not English or C. I did not understand the DVR's wireless signal, but I could still track it. I also was not familiar with the electronics in cameras either. Therefore, I needed to do some preparatory research before risking a trip into The Followers' hall to alter their cameras and plant a transmitter.
I had Pauline stop by The Followers' hall on the way to work a couple of days after the Bank of America disaster. We parked down the street and I got a vague look at their cameras and wireless network. Our spot was not too far away, so it did not take very long to get the hardware model numbers and learn a few simple details. I found out that the cameras had a remote control, which meant that Pirela was able to turn them on and off as he liked. I made the assumption that they left them off most of the time they were in the building in order to maintain privacy. Since I wanted to be able to monitor them at all times, I had to hack into the cameras to make sure they were always on and transmitting data without Pirela's knowledge. I also needed to tap into their DVR hub to get the data out.
To keep The Followers from noticing that I had tapped into their cameras, I would have to change how the cameras worked and how they interacted with the DVR as well. Each camera would have to transmit on two channels. One would be my private always on channel and the other would be the regular channel they were already on. Also, I would have to set up the power indicator on the cameras to only come on when they were transmitting on the regular channel.
Our second stop of the morning was at Fry's Electronics, where we found wireless cameras and a network DVR with the same electronics inside of them. What followed that day, and for days after, was me trying to figure out how the electronics were designed so I could alter their function as was necessary.
Those days did not go well. I made very little progress on those cameras and DVR and, quite frankly, I truly did not want to spend the time necessary to figure out that particular surveillance technology. I often dislike trying to figure out systems designed by people rather than the natural world. I especially do not like designs done by dumb people or people who think they are clever. Natural systems and those done in an elegant manner have internal consistency, while those produced by the aforementioned designers do not. A lack of internal consistency makes it impossible to anticipate how a system works, and figuring it out devolves into an exhaustive search of all possibilities.
Those particular pieces of electronics were proving difficult for me to figure out. They were not as complicated as the Cisco communications switches in the office, but were more difficult for me to understand. If they had been a piece of electronics I was adapting to another purpose, I would have rejected them and moved on to another design by a different company. In this particular case, I could not change the cameras and DVR installed at The Followers' hall so I did not have the luxury of looking for a more sensible design.
Fortunately, the FBI had people with expertise in electronics surveillance equipment. One of the other techs noticed I was having problems and offered to help. In less than two hours, he showed me how to attach NSA programmed FPGA cards to the cameras and DVR that could solve all of my problems. It took only a handful of solder points to do exactly what I wanted.
After a late lunch, the helpful FBI techie, Ned Freicht, and I did another practice camera and redid the DVR to smartphone interface in the workroom. After dinner that night, I got Pauline to drive me back to The Followers' hall with my arsenal of NSA programmed FPGAs and the transmitter phone.
"Ysenof, I wanted to make sure that you know it wasn't me that killed that kid, Kade Kirst. The dream from that night is haunting me. I was playing hide and seek with the children in the village, and I found one of them. When he ran to get away from me, he ran in front of a pair of horses that were pulling a wagon. The thing was that the horses didn't hit him. I lunged to knock him out of the way and he ended up smashing his head on a rock. If I had done nothing, he would still be alive."
It was a little complex trying to understand where exactly Nemesis' personality came from. I was not certain that Nemesis was completely a construct of Pauline's physic granules. It was possible that in some way Nemesis came from a portion of Pauline's brain that had dissociated from her negative motivation processing in her amygdala and frontal cortex. Regardless of their location in Pauline's head, Nemesis and Pauline were two different people, and in a fit of uncommon competence, I decided to let Pauline know that with a text.
"Nemesis killed Kade. You did not."
When we arrived at The Followers' meeting hall, I was careful to make sure we were not seen. Pauline was distracted and not of significant help. First, I checked to make sure the cameras were not on, then I looked around in the infrared spectrum for people. There were limitations to how well I could detect people through multiple walls, but we were not completely blind. We would have been better off with John or Abby along, but I preferred it as it was. Pauline was a far less stressful companion than John and Abby on what was already a rather stressful outing.
No matter who was there, we could end up being detected. As a result, I needed a plan for that contingency, which I already had. Much like at the Bank of America Tower less than a week before, I could draw on my limited experience with unconsciousness and retrograde amnesia. I would not be efficient, but if we were discovered, I was confident that I could cause enough head trauma to knock them unconscious and have them forget what exactly happened. There would be risk to the unfortunate person's health, but it would be better for everyone than letting Nemesis beat them to a pulp.
None of this mattered for the second time in a week. Still, I made a mental note to do more research on unconsciousness and amnesia, just in case. We got in and out of the building without a problem. I unlatched the door through specialized use of the techniques that produced my shield. I created thousands of high temperature pockets in the atmosphere surrounding the lock with carefully choreographed multi-photon stimulation of gas molecules. My objective was to exclusively target nitrogen to avoid causing oxidative reactions. It did not completely work out that way but the damage was small enough. Once I had created enough pressure inside the lock, I did the same temperature manipulation on a smaller scale to depress and twist the lock mechanism. Sending photons accurately through the metal lock cylinder was more difficult than the atmosphere around it, but it was nothing compared to knocking out the UPS in the Bank of America building.
Once we were inside, Pauline was helpful by lifting me up to the cameras so I could install the FPGA cards. Then, I followed the wireless signal to the DVR hub, where I installed another FPGA and the cellphone that would transmit the data back to us. The whole operation went very smoothly. Not only did we get in and out quickly, but both Pauline and I avoided breaking anything while we were there.

25.End
26.Start

The hazard of having Pauline around the house was not entirely obvious. There were the cases where she would lose her balance, accidentally kick something or merely get angry, which led to damaged walls, torn off moldings and fixtures, and busted furniture. However, the damage went far beyond that. Much like erosion wears down mountains and carves out canyons, use affects everyday items. The difference with Pauline is that she magnified the strain and everything she touched wore out rapidly.
I could have repaired the damage she did through physic means. Instead of spending ten minutes making a pound of platinum, I could spend that time fixing an appliance, door handle or fixture Pauline broke. I could make well over ten thousand dollars in bullion or make a hundred dollar repair. From an economic standpoint, it was far better to engage a repairman to come by periodically to take a look around and do the necessary repairs and other maintenance for us. Fortunately, Abby had a friend that could help us out.
"I know a handy dandy man with his hands, Ysenof. His name is handyrific too, it's Han, exactly like everyone's fab fave furtive freighter flyer! He isn't kin though, so he has a deviated surname, Dyman. His parental units are first-rate Star Wars fanatics too! I totally tapped his thinking tissue to track down that tantalizing tid-bit. He didn't share his inner ink, so don't spill speakings about my sneakings and peekings!"
The frequency with which Abby mentions Star Wars gets annoying at times. You would think that it was the height of American cinema. It was the first space opera in film that looked really good, which is no mean feat. I think the excitement about that imbued an okay story with enthusiasm that expanded every little detail in the minds of fans. Anyway, it could have been worse. She could have been a fan of Captain Kirk. That might have led to the invention of an Abby muzzle.
"Who slipped bacon bits in your waffle batter, Ysenof? Sharing names with a ruggedly Han-some scoundrel extraordinaire isn't CV worthy, but you didn't need to go meanie monster without mercy! I was making Han's presentation properly girthy. He's uber handarific and thoroughly trustworthy.
"Why aren't you mister handy pants, Ysenof? You're wowza wizardly with your glitzy gadgets! I'll bet you were a first-rate fix-it junior around casa de la mama with your dad in absentia. He was incognito, correct? You haven't harangued me with the low down dumpster dive on that thought! Did your parents file the parting papers or not?"
Sometimes Abby is good at dealing with people, and at other times, not so much. She has a tendency to intrude on subjects of privacy in a less than subtle way. In this particular case, one would think if someone's father is not around that it could be a sensitive subject. Unfortunately, Abby does not seem to understand the meaning of privacy. She would talk to a stranger on the street about some of her most personal thoughts and experiences.
Despite the fact that the death of my dad is not my favorite subject, it is important to hear the story to understand me. The way that I use my physic talents is a result of the negligence on my part that took my father's life.
I was about six when I seriously started performing physic alchemy. Mostly, I did it with little things like paperclips and staples or a plastic toy. However, one day, I found my dad's class ring from college. The gold was interesting for a few minutes. The way gold shifts reflected light to a yellow color is pretty fascinating. Gold electrons are excited by visible spectrum light. As a result, some light is absorbed and re-emitted at a lower energy level, which gives it the yellow color. In other words, gold color is not a result of reflection and absorption like other materials. This did not occupy me for very long, however. I started looking at the other elements that were present. I did not know what they were called, but I could sense their differences and enjoyed studying them.
When I got to the platinum setting, I discovered the element rhodium in trace quantities. To this day, I do not understand exactly why I like rhodium so irrationally. It is not all that special compared to platinum, iridium or osmium, especially not compared to the super-dense elements seaborgium, hassium, and darmstadtium. All of those metals are dense and have very interesting properties, but for some reason, rhodium is my favorite.
Right then and there I decided that the whole ring would be markedly prettier if it were pure rhodium instead of forty-two percent gold. There were difficulties, since rhodium is substantially less dense than gold. The fact that a lot of the metal in the ring was nickel, a metal less dense than rhodium, nearly balanced it out perfectly. Still, the volume was not exactly the same, which made the process more challenging and commanded most all of my attention.
I managed to keep the original shape of the ring, so it still had all of the relief images and writing on it. However, I did not notice a complicating factor. Rhodium is an extremely low energy configuration of its constituent particles. That meant there was an energy surplus when nickel and gold were transmuted to rhodium. A lot of that energy was emanated as gamma radiation. By gamma radiation, I mean electromagnetic radiation emanating from the nucleus of an atom. The most energetic electromagnetic radiation is referred to as a gamma ray, but is not the same thing. Anyway, the radiation burned a hole in the floor without my noticing. My dad certainly did. He found me there playing with valuable jewelry over a burned section of the carpet in his bedroom. He was not happy to say the least.
Most of the time, I am not very sensitive to the emotional expressions on people's faces when they are talking to me. That does not mean that I can not notice. It actually depends upon the situation. If I have a lot of communication tasks to perform, I reflexively look away so I can concentrate on listening and talking. When my dad got angry that day, I could see it on his face. It scared me. I did not hear what he was saying. All I saw was his rage.
When he grabbed my arm, I reacted like a physic that had not prepared for the contingency. He fell to the ground and started to convulse. Although my mom came running immediately to see what was going on, it did not matter. He died a drawn-out painful death from radioactivity inside his body. We buried him that week, and even then, I knew that it was my fault that he was gone.
Ever since that day, I remember what happened every time someone does something to frighten or anger me. I have gone over what happened more times than I can remember. I know that I screwed up and I know why. I reacted emotionally, improvised in a situation that I had not planned for. I wish that I had merely burned him a little bit or something like that, but that is not the case. All I am left with is the lesson that I have to practice restraint. Maybe killing my dad prevented me from being like the pyrophysic Herman Fite. Maybe it did not. I hope it made me a better person, because otherwise, there is no point or lesson to the incident.

26.End
27.Start

"Ysenof, do you know where Pauline has gone off to?"
The moment that John asked the question, I knew that I had forgotten something important. Rather than give Abby answers, I spent my time trying to remember what it was that I had forgotten. It was probably a good thing that John had brought Abby, because I was pretty much ignoring him. Abby could keep him occupied and make it seem like I was trying to be helpful.
"Ysenof is suffering a senility second, Mr. Clark. Pauline was supposed to pump him up with provisions, but poofed without sharing and declaring her decision! Ysenof has become a bewildering body-building boffin innovator. That's why he's such a physic-nator! You should bestride the booster rocket to be a buff-it-up ranch wrangler, Mr. Clark!"
"Great. You could have simply said he has no idea and saved us that translation horror show. I'm going to go track Pauline down and find out what she's up to. You two should probably come along, just in case she's out picking a fight with The Chosen or their loser followers."
As John went to put on his tracking gear and Abby did the same with her interference shield, I remembered what I had forgotten, Nemesis. After she stopped going to The Followers' hall roughly a month earlier, I had lapsed in my precautions to keep Nemesis from wandering off. Pauline must have had another episode, one that was earlier in the day. That suggested that there was a period between outings, though they seemed to occur in clusters of two or more. It was definitely an interesting development, which had me committed to taking control of the situation by disabling Pauline's car at all times.
Once everyone got their gear together, we took a ride in John's car. He went straight to The Followers' meeting hall, where Nemesis was meditating in her usual spot near the parking lot.
"She's enlaced like an enlightened lotus, spaced, Mr. Clark!"
"I think that even Ysenof sees that, Abby."
"Of course he does, Mr. Clark. He served me the inside skinny, you ninny! Ysenof says that the random roamings are naughty Nemesis offenses not pristine Pauline pretenses. If the physic doesn't fit, you must acquit, Mr. Clark!"
"Are you suggesting that Nemesis makes it a habit to visit The Followers, that Ysenof knew this, and he didn't bother to tell me about it?"
"Don't go heifer on us and have a herd of calves, Mr. Clark! It isn't always your circus and you aren't the righteous ringmaster, Mussolini. Ysenof knew you would go all tweaky-freaky with the he-man hysteria squeaking."
"Ysenof is extremely lucky that I can't hysterically he-man his neck. Let's go see what Nemesis is up to."
"Ysenof says it is no go in the talk show, Mr. Clark. Nemesis will whap your willy silly if you serve her harshmellow s'mores at her campfire rally."
"Will she actually get violent, Abby?"
"Wake up and check the cover carnage, Mr. Clark! She's named for vengeance and has the beefy brawn to blend you into a Special Agent creamy condiment bonbon."
"Nemesis isn't going to get special treatment here. She is going to have to answer for what she does, exactly like the rest of us do."
"You should have a pow-wow with the pot and kettle, Mr. Clark. Instead of all of the commanding and demanding you need to do some attending and comprehending."
"I command and demand, because I'm in charge, Abby. The three of you answer to me. I answer to the SAC, not you. Now, let's find out what Nemesis is up to."
John proceeded to do exactly what John always does. He marched across the parking lot that Nemesis had taken over from The Followers. She had killed two physic kids and well over a dozen men. She was dangerous and could kill John with a single blow.
John was not too smart when it came to self-preservation. He charged into situations against people with physic talents far more suited to combat than his. Sometimes, I wondered if he had read too many comic books where heroes with absolutely no discernible power associated with durability improbably survive combat with the big, strong and powerful time and again. Fortunately, we did not get into fights as often as comic book heroes. If we had, John would not have lasted very long and we would have had to answer to the FBI for it.
"Nemesis, what are you doing in The Followers' parking lot?"
"I'm kicking The Followers' collective rear ends, John, what have you done lately?"
"For starters, I've refrained from killing a high school kid when his worst crime is class two misdemeanor trespass. I guess that puts me ahead of you."
"I didn't realize that we were playing by archaic rules. The Followers aren't following the law. I've scared the little children off of their playground. Is there a trespassing rule against that?"
"You're flirting with a class three misdemeanor, but I imagine that doesn't bother you all that much seeing that you've done far worse. If it weren't for Pauline, I'd set Ysenof and his ultra-ray loose on you."
"That might tickle a bit. But then you wouldn't have me here to protect you from the dangerous little kiddies. Where would the balance of power be then? Leave me alone and I'll bring Pauline back to you in a few hours."
John backed off and walked back to the car fast enough that Abby with her shorter legs was forced to break into a trot to keep up.
"Abby, tell me what Ysenof knows about all of this. Tell me what was held back so I wouldn't go he-man hysterical."
"Ysenof is coming in at five by one, Mr. Clark. I'll transform and translate that for the technically impaired. It means his jig-saw is all jambalaya."
"Thanks, Abby. I would have been lost without such a clear second explanation. I suppose there isn't a whole lot I can do to keep Nemesis from doing what she wants. We need her and Pauline when we face The Followers in a potentially violent confrontation. Simply keep me apprised of what is going on with a report."
"Ysenof has a fairy-esque favor to belabor, Mr. Clark!"
"What is it, Abby?"
"He wants to hang here and ardently advance his Nemesis knowledge sphere."
"Ysenof doesn't have permission to hang out with his girlfriend on Bureau time."
"Pauline and Ysenof sitting in a tree? I'd be at ground zero of that explosive exposé if it were the real deal decree, Mr. Clark!"
"Abby, if it's possible for Ysenof to have a girlfriend, she's it."
We left Nemesis alone to her meditation after that. I found it very curious that not only was she sitting in exactly the same spot as she had the two times I had accompanied her before, but she sat completely still. This was not your garden variety sitting still for the dentist or barber, but sitting completely still in an inhuman kind of way. I had spent most of the time they were talking looking inside Nemesis' head, but since I did not have a lot of experience with the differences between Nemesis and Pauline, I could not tell if anything special was going on. I was pretty sure something unusual and groundbreaking was going on, but I could not figure out what it was. I was of a mind to stay regardless of what John wanted, but Nemesis was starting to make me uncomfortable and I did not want to press it.
I still did not know what Nemesis was up to, and that made me want to keep better track of her. What I did know came from those two times I had accompanied her about a month earlier. To keep Nemesis from wandering off, I disabled Pauline's car while we were at home. Clearly I should have started doing so every time I walked away from it, including when we were at work.
On that second outing a month past, Nemesis had requested use of the car at around eight-thirty. That night went quite the same as the previous one. Nemesis scared off some physic kids and sat in her spot. I had actually spent time looking at her and had come to the conclusion that Nemesis granule activity was noticeably different than Pauline, but did not manage to quantify how. My plan going forward was to disable Pauline's car at work, and accompany her, presumably the following day, without John knowing.

27.End
28_epigraph.Start
Retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com
"Suspicious Fire and Explosion Destroy East Valley Home"
by Tatianne Hiker

An explosion rocked a Mesa neighborhood on Thursday morning, injuring local woman June Martyn.
Ms. Martyn's neighbor, John Richards reported a very loud noise right after 2PM. The explosion was followed by plumes of white smoke issuing from Martyn's residence. The Mesa Fire Department responded immediately.
"The fire was small," reported Mesa Fire Chief Ray Harbeck. "We were able to get Ms. Martyn out of the house very quickly."
No one else was home at the time of the blast. "Her son just moved out about two months ago," commented neighbor Richards.
It appears that June Martyn was knocked unconscious by the explosion. She was rushed to Banner Desert Medical Center where she is being treated for trauma and smoke inhalation. As of this morning, she is in stable condition, but has not regained consciousness.
It has been over four months since an explosion at a Mesa Walmart store. That fire was suspected to be the work of an arsonist.
"We haven't investigated the cause of this incident enough to make a conclusion about its source," said Chief Harbeck. "The size of the conflagration is inconsistent with the incident at Walmart, but the environments are completely different. We won't know the cause of the explosion and fire until we've fully examined the evidence."
The explosion, cause still unknown, produced very little fire, but did major structural damage to the Mesa home. No one else was injured and no other property damage occurred.
June Martyn's son, Ysenof, could not be reached for comment.

28_epigraph.End
28.Start

As I mentioned before, it had occurred to me that it might be useful to have an alarm system to detect the presence of a physic. It was clear that we would make enemies of dangerous people with physic granules, and we could use an alarm system to protect our office and homes. The duplicate amplifier-filter I had created as a backup for a John mishap was my original testbench for an automated physic detection device. I had ported the amplifier's output to my notebook through the USB interface and worked on software to detect the presence of a physic. This had not worked out at all. Too many other projects like the ultra-ray had demanded my time. Then, I had finally converted the backup to a filter to protect Abby from the physic kid emanations.
I regretted scrapping the project the day they blew up my mom's house. That day, a few of those neglected projects moved to the top of my priority list.
"Ysenof, we need to go to the hospital. Your mom is there. I'm not sure how bad it is. There was an explosion at her house, and we think it was The Followers."
The whole team went to the hospital with John and me. Abby was obviously less talkative than usual. Abby being somber is a very strange thing. She had no idea as to how to act. This is not unusual for Abby, what is unusual is her realizing she does not know how to act. Pauline grabbed for my hand, and I adjusted my shield to a Pauline interactive level. I usually do not like people touching me. This and my penchant for playing with gamma-radiation-emitting materials are why I developed my shield in the first place. Strangely, I do not mind touching other people so much, though I do not do it very often. Holding hands is kind of a cross between being touched and touching, so I do not think there is anyone other than Pauline that I would let hold my hand.
It did not take very long to get to Banner Desert Medical Center, and we were soon being told by a doctor that they did not know how bad it was yet. My mom had not gained consciousness and was stable, which really did not mean much other than her brainstem was not damaged enough to cause other medical problems. I was concerned that elevated intracranial pressure and cell necrosis were causing more damage as we spoke, so I asked Abby to help me get into my mom's room.
"Excuse me, primitive medicine person, Ysenof needs to provide a precision physics medical miracle to rectify your rudimentary remedy to the patient's pathology."
"Are you suggesting that we're giving Ms. Martyn substandard care? I can assure you that we are monitoring her closely and doing everything that can be done."
"I'm implying and you're denying that you're impeding Ysenof's working with your worthless watching and waiting. As I'm imploring and you're ignoring, Ysenof is raging that his mom's condition is worsening. I suggest you take your medical malfeasance and make for the sideline before you become a Darwinian punchline!"
"Is that a threat?"
This was one of those rare occasions where Abby failed to be helpful to me in the communication department. I think she was more upset than I was about my not being able to get in there immediately and help my mom. To be fair, as undiplomatic as she was proving to be, she was doing a far better job of showing restraint than I would have.
Both of us were anxious because we knew that my physic capabilities made me more qualified than non-physic doctors to prevent my mom from getting worse. I wanted to use my abilities to dissipate energy and stop cascades of cell death due to toxic chemical releases that were a result of necrotic rather apoptotic cell death. Unfortunately, telling them the physic science fiction story would not result in our increased credibility. Fortunately, John was there and was well-practiced in the art of badging his way through a situation like this. Things got noticeably better when he pulled it out.
"Ysenof is an expert on brain trauma. He merely wants to take a look at Ms. Martyn to make sure you haven't missed anything. The FBI would also appreciate your cooperation since this is a suspected terrorist attack on the family of Bureau personnel."
"I don't know how this will help, but I guess it can't hurt to let you in. Special Agent, right?"
"Yeah, thanks for your help."
I went straight to work when I walked into the room. My first objective would have been to reduce the temperature of her brain to slow down the chemical reactions that were causing additional damage. Making this happen was a daunting proposition, more difficult than the physic feats I usually performed. The hospital had already addressed the issue though. There was a cold pack wrapped around her neck, which was cooling the blood as it flowed through the carotid artery into her brain. They also were feeding her anti-inflammatory drugs through an IV.
Since they had already slowed the system down, I proceeded to look for areas where there was a lot of damage. A large quantity of potassium and calcium had leaked out of damaged neurons into the extra-cellular space. This was causing a problem, because a neuron's electrical function is predicated on a steady flow of potassium ions from inside to outside. Too many potassium ions on the outside was slowing the flow and upsetting the function of the undamaged neurons near the damaged ones. Calcium ions are highly charged and play an important role in signaling inside, so having a lot of it floating around was not good either.
Reducing the quantity of potassium and calcium ions was tricky. Most of the time when I do physic alchemy, I convert the material I am working with from a higher energy state to a lower energy one. This process is exothermic, which means it produces heat, something I did not want to do in my mom's head. In this particular case, I chose to induce fission. Nuclear fission is a phenomenon that produces energy in a primitive nuclear weapon, but that is predicated upon the energy of the products being less than the energy of the starting atom. This is often true for large atoms like uranium and plutonium, but is nearly impossible for an atom like potassium or calcium.
In my fission reactions, I was producing sodium 23 and oxygen 16 or oxygen 17. There was more energy in the products of the fission than the potassium 39 and calcium 40 I started with. Getting from start to finish was a matter of concentrating the heat energy in little pockets of potassium and sodium ions, then hitting the right ion at the right time with a pack of low energy photons. Every group of photons did not hit correctly on a perfectly excited ion, but each group did bring an ion closer to the fission I was looking for. This process took quite a lot of energy on my part, but not only did it reduce the amount of potassium and calcium floating in my mom's head, it brought down her temperature and reduced swelling. It was working so well that I had to take the cold pack off my mom's neck.
"Hey, Ysenof, take a break from your physic shtick. It's time to mouth-watering waffle gobble!"
I was thankful for the waffles the others had brought me, precisely because it was taking a lot of energy to do all of that physic alchemy. Most of the energy was coming from my mom, but guiding the process took a lot of effort.
After going through my mom's head, it became evident that it was not a normal concussive blow that had sent my mom to the hospital. The damage was too evenly distributed. If she had been caught in the explosion that had destroyed her house, the damage would have had a directional pattern and I would have been able to tell what side the impact had been on. Instead, the damage was semi-randomly scattered. There was little question in my mind that it was the work of a physic.
Because the damage was so unpredictably distributed, it took me considerable effort to find the next area with concentrated damage after repairing a previous one. Since I wanted to do multiple tasks to help her, it made sense to change from my original task-based organization to a location-based method. I came up with a list of things I wanted to do at each location so I could be more efficient. There were a lot of large, polymeric molecules, proteins, RNA and DNA gunking up the works. These large, polarized molecules were interacting with proteins and other large molecules imbedded in the membranes of otherwise healthy neurons and glial cells. I chopped them into smaller pieces, similar to what their home cell would have done if it had not been ripped open violently.
I also wanted to patch some of the holes in cell membranes where I thought it might help. Although patching the cells might not save them, it would allow them time to undergo apoptosis, an orderly process in which a cell disassembles itself so it does not release destructive molecules and ions into the extracellular space in a willy-nilly manner. Fixing membranes was not appreciably more complex than chopping up polymers. All I did was help zip the small holes up by bumping water and charged ions out from between proximal hydrophobic tails of the phospholipids. The hydrophobic effect did the rest of the work from there.
I completely lost track of time as I developed more complex methods to find damage and further minimize the consequences of the damage in my mom's brain. It was early the next morning before I noticed that the room was strewn with sleeping physica. By then, I had come to the conclusion that this was a carefully designed distraction. The attack was intended to derail us, and it would succeed in the sense that it was going to occupy my full attention for a significant period of time. Their demonstration of a propensity to escalate the stakes made me reconsider the nature of our conflict. There was more anger on my part. I found myself thinking about ways to directly hurt them on more than one occasion. Since I did not have a bucket of lead pellets handy, I occupied myself with the repetitive task of integrating small islands of graphene into a desk globe, which was the preliminary work on a new physic detection device. That helped me calm down and get back on the more important tasks at hand.
The calming effect was only short term, though. I was not sure how the events with my mom would change my disposition when I next met the Chosen. Certainly, the threshold for escalation on my part had been lowered.

28.End
29.Start

In the days after The Followers blew up my mom's house and intentionally crippled her, I spent most of my time at the hospital. When I was not performing scans, researching my mom's condition or repairing damage, I was working on my automated physic detector. I had started from scratch and built the graphene fragments of the device into a desktop globe, which I paired with the smartphone that I had been using for artificial physic granule testing. I considered working on a ranged version of the ultra-ray, but I did not think it would be very fruitful because of refraction complications. It would not be impossible to account for the refractions from passing between different mediums, but the amount of calculation involved was staggering. My physic granules had to deal with refraction of photons as they passed through various objects, but I was rather certain that they contained very sophisticated quantum computers in them. The ultra-ray was limited by slow-motion conventional computers. It did not matter anyway, because I already had more than enough projects to work on.
Most of the reason that I stayed at the hospital was to be present in case something went wrong. As I have said before, I do not like and am not good at searching haystacks for needles, so it was certain that I had missed something. I wanted to make sure I was there to fix the subsequent problem if what I had missed was critical.
I did fix a lot of small problems in my mom's head. I found seven different developing aneurisms of various severity. None of them were blown up like a balloon, but a couple of them were quite scary looking. It was harder than I thought it would be to fix them. Pulling together the stretched out cells in the vessel wall could not be done quickly, because the buildup of pressure would cause similar damage somewhere else nearby. Also, I found out that the aneurisms were, in part, a consequence of a poor balance in her vascular network. Constriction in a neighboring branch, say due to calcified build-up, would cause an increase in pressure through the unconstricted branch adjacent to it. Then, as blood pressure went up over time to overcome the lack of blood flowing through the constricted branches, weak points in unobstructed branches became distended, thus aneurisms. I needed to fix the underlying problems, which had been accumulating for decades. That was not easy to do.
Atherosclerosis is a complex process that accumulates over years. I could break up the mineral deposits down to constituent ions and water. I could also transmute annoying elements like phosphorus to equal quantities of potassium and sodium, but even doing that could be dangerous. Not only was the physic alchemy highly exothermic, but anything can be dangerous or deadly in large enough concentrations, especially in the wrong place. Then, there were the popcorn lipoproteins that had helped cause the problem in the first place. Their accumulation in the collagen fibers surrounding the cell membranes of the blood vessel muscle cells had caused metabolic changes. I did my best to clean out the muscle surface by breaking down the products of many years of inflammation caused by the LDL accumulation. The molecules were quite variable in their size and construction. So, although I was breaking them down mostly into carbon dioxide and water, I could not rely on my physic granules to run completely on auto-pilot.
It was way past the point where I could completely clean out my mom's circulatory system. She had built up plaque in her blood vessels for decades. However, I did learn a lot about how to look for build-ups that were dangerous. The points of concern were mostly near branch points, but there were some narrow vessel tracts that I attended to as well.
I had in the past tinkered with my own vascular system, but I did not learn as much as I did from my mom's. You might remember that I told you that it is more difficult for me to look inside of myself than other people. This difficulty applies more to my head than the rest of my body, but the most important parts of a person's vasculature are in their head and heart. Armed with experience from my mom's head, I planned to apply the knowledge to maintaining the health of my own head, which I could not see quite as clearly.
Working on the projects that were the fruit of The Followers' attack on my mom kept me extremely busy and out of the office for well over a week. The experience also reinforced two maxims, necessity is the mother of invention, and one learns the most about a system when it gets broken. What I learned as a result of that necessity proved very useful later in our conflict with The Followers.
I did not make significant progress regarding my mom's lack of consciousness until I did some serious research on the subject. I needed criteria for giving particular regions of the brain more attention than others. At first, I tried to research what the neuroscience community thought was the center of consciousness in the brain. Boy, was that a mistake. The opinions and evidence were all over the place to such an extent that it was not worth digging through the research for all of the specifics. I needed to have more specific information to reduce the search by an order of at least ten, and preferably a big glowing arrow over the exact location of concern.
I would like to say that I found the solution because I had the idea to do the research as though I were the person trying to cause my mom's catatonic slumber. For some reason, I did not think of the problem that way and, if I had, could have saved myself a lot of wasted time and effort, although the reading was interesting and educational.
Instead, I was rescued by Antonio Damasio. He is a very prominent physician and neuroscientist that has spent his career trying to understand consciousness by treating and studying patients that have conditions that cause them to spontaneously lose consciousness. I happened upon his late 2011 TED lecture on consciousness that was very current in March of 2012 when I watched it.
I do not think I genuinely learned anything about the nature of consciousness from it. At that point, I already had the idea that consciousness came from the intersection of higher order thought and the signaling from our body that tells us how we feel and what our physical needs are. In that video lecture, Damasio explains that damage to the dorsal midbrain reliably causes coma. He went on to argue that this area is the center of consciousness because it has this property. This is a flawed argument. It would be similarly credible for me to say that because you can not make waffles without a waffle iron, that a waffle iron is in fact a waffle. The dorsal midbrain could be a waffle, but it could just as easily be a waffle iron, waffle batter, or merely eggs or another essential ingredient. The evidence is insufficient to tell the difference.
What I did learn from Damasio, was to look for areas that my counterpart within The Followers might target in order to put my mom in a coma. I was already almost certain that the damage did not come from the explosion at her house, and I was certain when I actually inspected the dorsal midbrain. The damage there was more concentrated, and somehow I had not noticed, although I had performed significant work to repair damage in the area.
Most of the time during those ten days in the hospital before my mom finally came out of her coma were spent working on repairing the network in my mom's midbrain. I also spent time on my physic detection device, which became very good at detecting Pauline, though not quite as good at detecting me. It got tested a lot too, since she visited frequently with casseroles to make sure I did not lose weight. As ardently as I like waffles, I did not waste time and energy to make them while I was working on my mom. I do not actually remember much from that time other than what I worked on and Pauline coming by with food.

29.End
30.Start

On the day before my mom woke up, I was mostly working on improving my automated physic detection system and simply hanging out to make sure she did not die suddenly. Pauline had been taking more time off from work to make longer visits to the hospital. I was not sure what John thought of that, and quite frankly, I did not really care. I had everything I needed in place at the FBI to access their criminal databases and other confidential information when I needed. We were ready to go private at any time. The exit interviews could end up being rather uncomfortable, depending upon how we departed. This made me want to leave for a mundane reason rather than because something had gone horribly wrong. Unfortunately, John did not see things the way I did.
I was also starting to think that my relationship with Pauline might end up getting more serious. As the days passed, she visited more frequently and became more touchy-feely while she was there. Still, I was not sure to what degree her behavior was strictly related to my mom's condition. I, of course, avoided contact because I do not like it when people touch me. Pauline was a little different, but it was still an annoying intrusion into my personal space.
If I had spent more time contemplating what it would be like for a person different than me, someone who likes and maybe even needs personal contact, or if I had thought what it would be like to be constantly afraid that I might accidentally kill or seriously injure the people around me because I wasn't sure of my own strength, I might have hugged her more often. I was too busy with all of my projects to notice, however.
It was while I was text talking with Pauline that we both first heard about the worst mistake of John's FBI career. I was the only one in the room that got the text, since Pauline could not keep personal electronics functional beyond a few weeks.
"I need you two at The Followers' hall, NOW."
It was a cryptic message that made me wonder if John had started a war and forgotten to bring his best warrior and his best mechanic. I did not want to leave my mom alone, but she had been getting noticeably better and the chance of a stroke or cardiac arrest were low, so Pauline drove us to our favorite Phoenix destination.
On the way, I checked the video feed from The Followers' hall and saw that there were FBI and police inside tearing up the building. When we got there, the place was crawling with FBI, ATF, and local police. I did not want to get out of the car. As I mentioned before, I do not like crowded places, thus my dislike for Walmart. As vehemently as I did not want to go in, I had to find out what was going on, so I made my shield as slippery as I could without impairing myself and began the next unsavory task, searching for John in a mob of law enforcement.
It was a good thing that Pauline was there with me. She was distracted by the effort of not sending half of the crowd to the hospital, but still, she located John before I did. She did not actually locate John, but rather, she found Abby's loud wardrobe.
"It's about time you two got back on the job. You're little honeymoon has gone on long enough."
"You need sensitivity reassignment surgery, Mr. Clark! Even though Ysenof's mom is feigning flora on a convalescent couch, he's helping-handing in your hour of hurt. And, Pauline was attending and representing so you wouldn't be interrupted or disrupted."
"There is a problem with your logic, Abby. Ysenof doesn't need people to attend or represent. He works fine on his own. However, we didn't have a whole lot for Pauline to do, so I let her incomprehensible desire to be near Ysenof put her in position to reel him in if necessary."
"Ysenof would like to get up to super speed on the Followers' meeting hall interior redecorating regimen, Mr. Clark. Can I infuse his inquiry with information? I'd totally terminate that task with tremendous tribulation!"
"As much fun as that fiction might be for one and all, Abby, I think I'll pass.
"I was fast-forwarding through the video from The Followers' hall at breakfast this morning and saw that they brought some crates in last night and put them in a back storage room. This wouldn't have been notable, except they opened a few of them in the main hall to inspect the contents. Inside, I saw heavy weapons: fifty cal. machine guns and some rocket launchers. The background checks I'd already done on the organization indicated they didn't have licenses for the machine guns. Obviously, the rocket launchers are plain illegal. So, I went and got a warrant. That wasn't very difficult once I provided the bogus eye witness account and identified them as a suspected terrorist organization. The problem is that when we got here the weapons were gone. I've already checked the cached video to make sure they didn't move the weapons out before we arrived."
"Ysenof says you've been had, scammed, bunko-ed, flim-flammed, hustled, swindled, conned..."
"We got the idea when you said I'd been had, Abby. The question is, does Ysenof know how they pulled it off, and can he find the weapons?"
"Ysenof says there is a Followers furtive physic agent out in the wild, wacky world, Mr. Clark. He found physic fingerprints in his mom's mind meat! Ysenof can play Fed physic, but he already knows the situation notation. The weapons went in one way and out another. You've been chasing the ace and came in second place!"
"Did I mention there's only one way into the room where the weapons were kept?"
"Ysenof can make a hole then heal and seal the deal! The Followers are playing the same game. They knew you were scrying and spying, so they drew you in with a counterfeit clue!"
"Okay. How did they know we had them under surveillance then?"
"They sent you the email theme for our scheming and mischieving, Mr. Clark! We fell face first for the sweet siren song of surveillance."
"You're probably right, let's just make sure. Have Ysenof figure out exactly where they made their hole."
I did a search of the building and did not find the weapons John was looking for. There were not any windows or a concealed door in the storage room they had put the weapons in. The FBI had already done a good job making sure of that, and did not need my help in that regard. I checked the network DVR to make sure that John had not been sent mocked up evidence and to recover my cell phone and the NSA programmed FPGA. As far as I could tell, everything looked good. I was rather certain that they had not managed to turn the cameras off for a short period of time so they could move the weapons back out through the front door without being observed.
What I did find was a monkey in the picture. Actually, it was Abby that found the monkey hiding in a backpack. Abby was talking to me in a torrent of verbiage about everything that came into her head. It had been over a week since she had the opportunity to simply talk to me, and for some reason, she felt like she should make up for lost time. Despite what seemed like a brain full of conversation, she managed to see the monkey when I did not.
The other thing that I found was some smooth lines on the wall in the storage room. It looked like someone had cut out a section of the wall, then repaired it by sealing the cutout back where it came from. There were similar lines on the outside of the building. The work was quite primitive, comparable to something I might have done as a child, but the handiwork verified to me that The Followers had their own general purpose physic, similar to me. The Followers of the Chosen were not exclusively a collection of normal people and physic kids.
"Ysenof has drilled into the depths, braved the belly of the beast, and brought back the bacon! The Followers have recruited a GPP, known as a Gyp by the communication connoisseur. Their Gyp isn't Ysenof impressive, but Ysenof is the Beyonder benchmark for a Gyp juggernaut!"
"What the heck is a GPP? Are you saying they have their own mini-Ysenof?"
"Gyp stands for general purpose physic, Mr. Clark. Don't get serious or furious, it's only a minute magnitude monkey physic! Ysenof says the simian subordinate is more childish than champion apocalyptic."
"Thanks Abby. Knowing that there is an angry wookie monkey running around, possibly blowing up people's heads makes me feel better since he isn't quite as good at it as Ysenof is."

30.End
31_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"FBI Abuses Authority in Name of War on Terrorism"
by Tatianne Hiker

Questions are still being asked after the FBI raided the headquarters of the Pirela Foundation, a local children's health charity turned religious cult.
At the guidance of Special Agent John Clark, the FBI executed a warrant for search and seizure at the administrative offices and meeting hall of The Followers of the Chosen. Suspecting a link to the recent terrorist event at St. Joseph's Hospital, the agents conducted an aggressive search for firearms under the auspice of the war on terrorism.
"This is, of course, an outrage," said Joseph Pirela in a statement to the press. Pirela is currently the president of the charity and the widower of Helen Pirela, the woman it was founded in honor of. The Followers of the Chosen is a religion whose beliefs stem from the late Mrs. Pirela's successful effort to save St. Joseph's Hospital's neonatal ward from being closed down in the mid '80s. "We do God's work here. Why would we have need for firearms, and why would we be involved in an attack on a hospital ward with children in it?"
Many of the children born prematurely at St. Joseph's have formed a life-long association with the Pirela Foundation and The Followers of the Chosen. As students and citizens, the Chosen as they are called, are known for their academic and athletic excellence as well as the time and talent they contribute to community programs.
"We believe that we've been granted special gifts and have an obligation to use them to make the world better," said Andrea Morton, one of the oldest of the Chosen present during the raid. "We've been blessed by our experiences and our association with this place. The FBI coming in here and tearing this place down? That seems to be a violation to me, don't you think?"
It's still unclear what information the Federal Bureau of Investigation was acting on when it procured warrants to search The Followers downtown headquarters.
"I've cooperated in every way that I could," said Pirela, "and we told the kids to do the same. The destructive force with which they've conducted this search was unnecessary and unwarranted. This isn't the first time they've done something like this, either. Clark's goons came in here a little over two months ago and sent a bunch of our people to the hospital. Then they ran a good kid down in the street for no good reason."
The FBI released a short statement claiming that the search was conducted based upon evidence that unlicensed firearms and illegal heavy weapons were being kept at the site. The Pirela Foundation doesn't have the proper permits to possess the firearms and heavy weapons suspected to have been present.
No weapons were found. No one was injured during the search although, according to Pirela, thousands of dollars in property damage occurred. A source at St. Joseph's claims that almost two months ago twenty-three adults, fifteen male and eight female, all came in at the same time with minor injuries. The incident hasn't been positively linked to Special Agent John Clark or the FBI. The young man mentioned by Pirela, Kade Kirst, died about a month ago during a chase with the FBI at Southern and Alma School.
"We're not into that kind of stuff," said Morton. Andrea is a fifteen-year-old junior at Adobe Mountain School, but will be graduating this spring and will be attending Arizona State in the fall. Morton intends to become a pediatrician so she can work with infants like Helen Pirela did. "I don't know why anyone would think we're terrorists or we would endanger children."

31_epigraph.End
31.Start

The Followers' killer Gyp monkey was not the only problem we had. John got in a lot of trouble for the failed search of The Followers' hall. The whole thing ended up on the news. While I was busy trying to figure out how they got the weapons out of the building, the local news channels showed up and started doing interviews. Joseph Pirela was there to fill them in on how he and his congregation were being illegally watched and bullied by the FBI, and specifically by Special Agent John Clark. Pauline's incidents at the Followers' hall and the Bank of America building were brought up as well. It was a huge scandal, and John was at the center of it. He was being set up to be the scapegoat.
I spent a lot of time wondering how things would have gone if I had not underestimated The Followers. Most everything they had done was not intended to directly achieve an objective. Instead of playing the game, they were playing their opponent, and doing it very well I might add. We were physically superior, but ask Mike Tyson how well that has worked out for him. Our world favors the politically adept over brute force. The incident at their hall when they recorded Pauline was not intended to be a direct threat to us. It did serve to make me overconfident. It gave them more ammunition for later, in the form of many people visiting the emergency room, and it suggested to us a means to spy on them. I doubt that it was a coincidence that their cameras and DVR were easily found at Fry's Electronics.
When they incapacitated my mom, they divided us, leaving John to work without my investigative input. I could have checked the meeting hall for weapons before he got a warrant and brought a swarm of law enforcement in to find nothing. They played us well. I was not sure that they truly knew how little actual damage they had done to us, but I was very worried that they had many more pieces in play than I understood and our future plans would face unexpected opposition, decreasing our effectiveness.
The day after the FBI raid was a very good one for me. My mom woke up, which was a huge relief. Almost as important was that Abby, Pauline and I got out of the FBI mess with a brief reminder of our Non-Disclosure Agreements. The same agent that did Abby's and my security interviews, Angelle Forstow, handled our exit from the Bureau. She met us in the lobby when we came in for work that morning.
"I'm afraid I have bad news to tell you three. John Clark has been suspended indefinitely and his investigative program is being shut down. That means that your positions are being eliminated, effectively immediately. On the bright side, the Bureau has no intention to pursue criminal charges against you three, and there are rather generous severance packages included in the terms of your releases."
"These are tremendous tidings, Ysenof. We can privatize and prioritize. Ascending accounts all around, pajama policy in the professional post and no pernicious paperwork! I feel a fiesta feast in the fast forming future!"
"I wasn't expecting such a positive attitude, but I guess I should have with you Abby. What's happening with Clark is unfortunate. He's a good agent and you guys seem to be a strong team that we're going to miss at the Bureau. I hope everything goes well for you in your private enterprise."
We were given packets that included a new set of NDAs and severance contracts. Our personal effects had already been gathered for us and were sitting inside boxes in the downstairs non-Bureau conference room Agent Forstow used for the debriefing. I spent a lot of my time not paying attention to her as I double-checked the network sniffers and switches to make sure I could make our packets invisible as they went through the FBI network. We found out that the charge against John was perjury for a fraudulent search warrant affidavit. I planned to hack into their network later that day to see what they had and to create an element of disorder that would impede their investigation with an additional goal of critically damaging it. Regardless of how that investigation went, it seemed that John's career in the FBI was over, and I was not upset by that.
"There was a high definition wrong song going on during that vamoose rendezvous, Mr. Clark. Special Agent Forstow was sterling sorry to see us go, but it was too intense and relentless. It made me feel like a giddy goose and gave me a jumpy bumpy caboose."
"Angelle is good people, Abby. She's helped me out on a few cases and I've returned the favor as many times. There's a good chance she'll be the next SAC if she doesn't get offered a post somewhere else. I seriously doubt her concern goes significantly beyond the damage this has done to the Phoenix office."
As we were drowning John's sorrows with waffles and chicken instead of alcohol for lunch at Lo-Lo's, I got the call that my mom had woke up. Abby helped me take the call. I listened in through my bluetooth earpiece while Abby took the phone. It was a very strange conversation. Because Abby could not hear the sound on the receiver, I made sure that she knew what was said by repeating everything in my head. Then she would answer as though she had in fact heard what was being said.
"Hidey-ho and a good day to you! This is Abby Skipper speaking and greeting for Ysenof Martyn who's hoping for good news. How may I happily help you with the hardships you hew?
"She's ceased somnolence, seriously?! That's a peanut butter waffle sandwich newsflash, clearly!
"Ysenof's mamma misplaced her coma! Grab or gobble your chicken and wolf down those waffles, peeps. It's time to stroll and roll then gale gust the gates of gratification. Banner Desert is the destination, Ms. Martyn is the intention!"
Thankfully, Abby was not driving us to the hospital. Judging by the enthusiasm, she would have been driving even worse than usual, a nearly impossible task. John was distracted, not at his best, and it would have been better if he did not drive. However, his driver's seat was not reinforced for Pauline, because someone other than him driving his car was usually not an option. As usual, Pauline sat in the back left seat because that was where I had reinforced the breakables like the door handles, switches and seat belt. Though Pauline did not need to worry about getting in an accident, we did not want her body flying around and hurting other people. She still wore her seatbelt, so the spring mechanism had been reinforced to prevent her from breaking it as easily. It was intentional that only one spot was reinforced. Pauline would block Abby from sitting behind John when she was in the car.
"Good greetings and meetings, Ms. Martyn! Your awakening has us shaking and reeling with relief! Ysenof tirelessly toiled twenty-four ten to tame the terrible rubble trouble when they tried to tinker with your thinker. He hasn't whipped up waffles since your serious situation. He wanted to stay and delay but Mr. Clark had incredible trouble to allay and defray. He didn't deliver the day, but he had to endeavor to recover and conquer..."
My mom did not say much. Neither did John or I. Mostly, Abby rambled and Pauline moderated. I was simply glad my mom finally woke up.

31.End
32.Start

For some reason, even though he was indefinitely suspended, John still thought that he could fix the situation with the FBI. He had a plan to redeem us in the eyes of the Bureau. We needed to show them that The Followers were the kind of organization that robs banks and shoots people in hospitals. He still did not understand that we were better off in a covert conflict rather than an overt one that included news reporters, evidence and courtrooms.
We actually had a lot of information to work with to achieve John's objective. We knew the name, address and age of most every member of their Chosen physica. Having a lot of information to work with also meant we had a lot of useless information to dig through. Investigating the oldest of the physic kids, the fifteen and sixteen year olds, was our most promising avenue to uncover The Followers' criminal activities. Not having FBI obligations, particularly the paperwork, made it easier to do exactly that.
Headquarters for our operations became the house. That was problematic, since my mom moved in with us after her stay at the hospital. She did not have a house to live in anymore, and was understandably shaken by the bombing and coma incident. I also wanted to keep her close to discourage The Followers from repeating the attack. Living with both Abby and my mom led to me invoking strong countermeasures. I installed an electronic lock for my bedroom door that I could open easily, but no one else could. Then I applied my FBI-acquired sound dampening expertise to my walls. These enhancements, unfortunately, made my bedroom the venue for our first post-FBI physic squad meeting.
"Okay people. We have a lot of information at our disposal to crack this nut. The Followers are committing crimes, and our first order of business is to find out their motivation. What are they doing with that bank money and why are they making attacks at the hospital? Once we know the answer to these questions, we will have the upper hand and can put them out of business."
"Ysenof has a master machination in motion to scrupulously scrutinize St. Joseph's, Mr. Clark! He's going to explore and reconnoiter the primeval physic and observe the origin of the species!"
"That sounds great Abby. Are you helping him get access, Pauline? I'd prefer it if the Abby and Ysenof infiltration show was put on hold."
"I've talked with the unit supervisor. It sounds like they're interested in participating in Ysenof's research project. I can do this only once though. They will find out sooner or later that we're lying, and they won't be happy with me or Ysenof."
"You hear that, Ysenof? That means you can't drag ass on this like you usually do."
"Ysenof doesn't drag derriere or any other portion of his posterior, Mr. Clark! The project will finish when he finds the finale. Science is a sacred ceremony not a haphazard hurry!"
"Well, don't get lost during your sacred ceremony. You might get arrested, and I'm not in the FBI anymore.
"With Pauline and Ysenof occupied with the hospital end of the investigation, that leaves Abby and me. We will go more in-depth with our investigation of the physic kids. We need actionable intelligence like the fifth of February tip. We really screwed up a chance to catch The Followers red-handed on that. We can't afford to let another opportunity like that go without taking advantage."
"Don't worry your cute compact cranium, Mr. Clark. We'll get that joker Jo-Jo, the Chosen chumps, and that malignant monkey!"
John proceeded to execute his part of the plan. He and Abby went out daily on surveillance. From looking at the database, it did not seem that they were getting John's holy grail, his actionable intelligence. Feedback from the Abby channel was far more positive. She was sure that they were getting very important information about the physic kids. Nothing else she said bolstered her argument, but it did not hurt that she was positive. She and John were in for a long grind and optimism that it would pan out was a good way to get through the daily slog.
In the meantime, I worked on a solution to our need for a secure meeting room by replicating my bedroom's security measures in another room. I was not comfortable with my bedroom being the venue, and I wanted my mom to know as little as possible. Knowing what we were up to could only get her into more trouble than she was already in.

32.End
33.Start

I had intended to leverage our association with the FBI to gain unsupervised access to the pediatric critical care center at St. Joseph's hospital. Obviously, I had waited too long. Fortunately, the supervisor learned that Pauline had an unidentified motor control condition and had sacrificed her career for the safety of her tiny patients. That gave Pauline the moral clout to fast-track access for my fictional research with the minimum of scrutiny. The story was that we were studying the effect of ambient electromagnetic radiation on neonatal development ex-utero. It was a research idea that was completely without merit, but thankfully, most medical people know next to nothing about physics.
I did not need equipment to detect whether the infants had physic granules or to look for the means by which they were being implanted. That did not mean that I did not bring anything with me. Not only did the equipment I brought give us more credibility as researchers, it would help me with the potential problem of sitting around waiting for something to happen.
For a couple reasons, I brought a physic granule detecting globe along. At the very least, it would act as an alarm in case physic kids or the Gyp monkey showed up. It would also help ensure that I did not miss a granule synthesis event by not looking at the right time. My best chance of figuring out what was creating the physic granules was to be present and alert when they were being constructed.
It did not take very long for me to make the first of several significant discoveries. While I was setting up my physic granule detector, my shield flickered. I use the term flicker although it is not necessarily an accurate description of what happened. A better explanation is that my shield fluctuated. I detected incoming electromagnetic radiation that caused me to shunt all electromagnetic radiation around me. There are fluctuations constantly occurring in my shield. I do not maintain it in such a way that it responds linearly to the environment. Even so, this was an unusually large fluctuation in the response to the environment that almost completely cut me off from the world around me, making me invisible. Thankfully, the nurse in the room was not looking and it was brief enough to not give her a second chance to notice. The sudden moment of blackness and feeling of complete isolation is why I referred to it earlier as a flicker. That is what it felt like when it happened.
"Is everything okay, Ysenof? You disappeared there for a moment."
Pauline had the good sense to keep her voice down when she mentioned my going invisible. I had turned off all my cell phone's communications functions to avoid inadvertently interfering with the sensitive monitoring equipment in the critical care center. However, there was still the one integrated into the physic detector and another I used to text talk with Pauline.
"Something is interfering with my shield. Keep a lookout for me."
Despite my concern about being noticed, I methodically walked around the area to find the boundaries of the region where the disruption would occur. By concentrating directly on my shield, I could prevent the flicker reflex from happening, but it was difficult. I was counting on Pauline to keep the attention of the nurse on duty so she would not notice errant flickers that might occur. Even then, it was tedious and stressful. Despite Pauline's assistance, I kept an eye out for witnesses, concentrated on my shield and watched for the attenuated flicker all at the same time. I am not good at multi-tasking when the tasks are unrelated, which means I probably should have ignored the nurse and relied on Pauline to do her job. Knowing and doing are two different things and I struggled with worrying about being seen.
Eventually, I managed to identify a circular area where the phenomenon would occur at a noticeable intensity. The area of interest included most, but not all of the life support equipment and carts the infants were kept in. I found that to be strange, and interpreted it to mean that the disruption was not coming from the infants or the life support equipment. There was not anything unusual about the air in the area either, so I started looking at the building, which meant the floor and the ceiling.
What I found was amazing. There were ring-shaped meshes imbedded in both the ceiling and floor. The meshes were made up of complex carbon structures that included heavy molecules, specifically seaborgium 290, hassium 292, and darmstadtium 294. The whole structure resembled physic granules in many ways. I began to wonder if it would set off a physic granule detector. I looked further up and down, finding that there were more meshes throughout the building, including the roof. There also seemed to be a subtle parabolic quality to the circular meshes. They were curved inward toward the shield flickering circle I had detected.
When I turned the granule detector on, it detected a physic in the area, which was not too surprising, since Pauline and I were there. When I set the filters to narrowly exclude me and made sure Pauline was far enough to not contribute much interference, there was still a strong reading. The next logical step was to move the detector around to look for physic infants that might be causing the reading. Since the magnitude of the signal received is the inverse square of the distance, I had a good chance of finding the exact source or sources of physica emanations.
I found two. The first was a girl that looked like she had a complete implant and was nearly ready to leave the hospital. The second was much harder to find due to a faint emanation source. It was an unhealthy looking purple boy that had a small number of granules implanted in his frontal cortex neurons. Both of them appeared to be standard issue physic kids. Both were like the Chosen, they only had small granules in their neurons.
When I set the physic detector to filter out the two infants as well as myself, the signal went to the ambient background radiation, which was zero on my device. That did not mean the mesh was not detectable as a physic, instead it meant that it was masked by me or the physic infants if it was detectable.
I tried to find out if the purple infant was continuously having granules created, or if it was occurring in spurts. I could not tell. I had a notion that I could modify the physic detection device to measure a change in the amount of signal it was getting. Doing that would require me to calibrate the dynamic range of the amplification to match the signal incoming from the physic infants. I could do that by turning the device gain down, or moving the device further away from them. I preferred to not throw information away, so I turned the gain down so the reading came in at about half of max output. There was enough noise in the system that I could not discern a steady rise over a matter of minutes, but I planned to record over days. That would hopefully provide me with enough information to tell if implants occurred steadily or in bursts. This would help me understand better what was going on.
"Excuse me, Dr. Martyn."
The unwarranted title was a bit confusing to me at the time, but should not have been surprising. I was supposedly a medical researcher, most of whom have MDs and PhDs, often both. I did not know how long the nurse had been trying to get my attention. I get quite focused sometimes and tune out the world, especially normal sounds like people talking. They are the easiest to ignore when I am focused on something, especially when I am working on something with an abstract spatial component. I suspect that my shield plays a part in helping me to achieve this isolation, but I have not built a device to monitor what is going on when I'm not paying attention.
"Excuse me, I need to move some of the carts around and you're in the way... Thank you."
I looked around and found that Pauline was no longer in the room. It was time for me to take a break anyway. Somehow, twelve hours had passed without my noticing. It was surprising that it took that long for the nurses to interrupt me. It could have been that they had tried previously and I had ignored them.
When I went to the nearest break area to look for physic granule sustenance to augment my granola bars, I found Pauline napping in a chair. She had plastic containers of casserole with her, most of which had been consumed already. I warmed the last one up in the microwave, which woke her.
I have mentioned before the problems I have with communication. The problems boil down to an inability to multi-task, particularly when I am trying to communicate. I usually do not look at people's faces when they are talking to me because it is a distraction. There is information vital to communication that can be learned from studying someone's face. The problem is that trying to do so when having a conversation causes an information overload in my brain. Translating what someone is saying into an idea, formulating a response and delivering that response in a timely manner is already a set of tasks that push my communication capacity.
The deficit with respect to interpreting mood creates deeper problems than understanding that someone actually does not like cheese or the color yellow. People are often not straightforward in their communication. If they consider a subject sensitive or risky to broach, they might test the other person's mood regarding it by only hinting at the topic. This tactic can also be used to make fun of someone without doing so overtly. It is generally not a good approach to legitimately communicating with me. First, I usually do not notice someone's expression unless it is painfully obvious, so I do not have much chance of interpreting the motive of the conversation until I have more time to think about it. This process of playing games with communication and my reduced uptake of information plays unfavorably into my strategy for handling ambiguous information. I wait for clearer information before committing to an answer.
Whether I am dealing with someone messing with me or someone legitimately trying to broach a sensitive topic, they both will typically get the same response. I do not answer as I consider the limited information I have gleaned from the conversation. In the case of the person that wanted to hurt someone, they interpret the lack of response as confusion, get what they came for and are satisfied. In the case where someone is genuinely trying to discern feelings on a subject, they get an emotional response they probably interpret as disinterest.
My decision to stop talking intensified attention from the jerks at first, but they soon got bored with me and moved on to someone else that was more fun to harass. I also think that my communication deficiencies and my decision to be quiet may have saved a girl or two from an annoying relationship. Those things did not stop Pauline.
I got a lot of circumspect questions from Pauline after our conversation at the University of Arizona library. Not much became of them, because Pauline did not directly ask me what she wanted to know. She fell afoul of my communication deficits and ambiguity strategy. I gave her non-committal responses that did not answer the question in the way she wanted and were not accompanied by an emotional response. When she injected ambiguity into the conversation, I began to worry that she was picking on me, which made me want to end the conversation.
For some reason, she decided to be more direct on that night when we ate her casserole in the break area at St. Joseph's hospital.
"Ysenof, I've talked to Abby, and she says you like me a lot. I've asked you myself, and you've told me that I'm your favorite person, which I'm not sure means that much considering the only people you spend time with are Abby, John, me, and your mother.
"I understand you're okay with being by yourself a lot of the time, but I'm not, and you're the only person I can be around without being worried that I'm going to break you. I'm stuck with you, but you have other options, and it's difficult not being able to tell how important I am to you. Am I your friend, a love interest, or simply a fascinating science project?"
It was not until that night that I fully understood Pauline's perspective. More succinctly, it was not until then that I actually began to believe that I was all that important to anyone that was not my mom. All of the thoughts that were brought to mind by Pauline's confession caused a significant delay in my response via text.
"Damn it, Ysenof. You can at least give me an answer. It doesn't have to be the answer I want. I merely want to know where I stand."
"All of the above."
I would like to say that this was one of those few times when I actually watched someone's face to get their reaction, but that was not the case. I was too worried that I had not written the right thing, that she would not interpret my meaning. I was so busy trying to anticipate her unhappy or confused response and how I would re-phrase to fix the communication that I was surprised by what happened next. 
She kissed me.

33.End
34_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"Electronic Thieves Send Bank of America Funds on World Tour"
by Tatianne Hiker

A complicated hacking scheme sent funds all over the world from servers in the Bank of America Tower on Sunday. Funds from the transfers are being frozen and recovered, although it is still unknown how much was moved and to where. Estimates suggest that thousands of transfers totaling over a hundred million dollars were made.
FBI Special Agent Angelle Forstow is in charge of the Phoenix side of the investigation. She characterized the theft by saying, "This was a well organized and sophisticated operation." An anonymous insider at Bank of America characterized the hack as "magic." The IT team has no idea how the intrusion occurred.
Exactly two weeks previous to this intrusion, the very same server cluster that was recently hacked lost power due to a malfunction of the circuit breakers in the uninterruptible power supply, a device designed to prevent power loss. At the same time as that power outage, a team headed by former Special Agent John Clark was investigating a break-in at the Bank of America building in Mesa. That incident led to the death of fifteen year old Kade Kirst. When asked about the coincidence of the incidents, Agent Forstow commented "John Clark was an outstanding agent. He may have been on to something, but it could also have been a coincidence. We're investigating every piece of evidence and intend to learn the identities of the perpetrators of this crime."
Anyone who has information regarding this crime or any other bank robbery should contact the Phoenix FBI office.

34_epigraph.End
34.Start

News that The Followers had managed to move millions of dollars right under our noses was upsetting to all of us. John took it as a personal failure that our intelligence efforts did not put us in position to stop the second intrusion. Abby came to Pauline and me to discuss John.
"Hey, hale and hardy heroes. I'm worried and flurried about Mr. Clark! He's transformed and reformed from curmudgeonly cuss to wimpy wuss. His heart isn't playing the part. He lost his wits and called it quits two hours before twelve! Ten PM! When did Mr. Clark previously not workaholic the witching hour? He had the stink of drink and looked like a sloppy jalopy with unsightly stubble and the wardrobe of Barney Rubble! He's an ugly Betty and I have the psychological suffering and photographic fact to document the act. Mr. Clark needs us to inspire his desire! We could annihilate, exterminate, and liquidate those basketball brats into a checkmate!"
"As much fun as it would be to fulfill that wish Abby, I don't think the police would approve. We'd also need to find tickets to New Orleans and the Final Four."
"We need to get our motivational mojo looping lassos out hombres! Mr. Clark is running round and around the bathroom bowl and not even a super-size combo course of awesome Abby tunes and cunningly clever conversation can reverse his route. Wait a momento! Mr. Clark is a fainting fervent hardcourt hoops whore. We should have a shindiglio with the Final Four and a super-max style taco bar with four fruits of the adaptable avocado!"
"Abby, you do realize that ASU is going to be playing in the Final Four and will badly beat whoever gets between them and their championship, don't you? That should put John in a great mood, seeing those kids win a national championship. Why don't you shoot him instead?"
I did not doubt that there was something going wrong with John. He had quite a number of setbacks in a short period of time. I definitely agreed that it would do him a lot of good to see some ASU basketball players get kicked in the caboose. While there was no one who could do that more decisively and stylishly than Nemesis, we obviously could not go that way as Pauline pointed out. What John needed was the next best thing, The Followers needed to have a setback.
I was very tempted to ruin someone's health. Pirela was an old man, and if I were to clog one of the arteries in his brain or heart, he would have a stroke or heart attack, which would put him in the hospital. I could also do something similar to the ASU basketball players. Holes in their hearts similar to congenital heart abnormalities would eventually lead to them collapsing and dying one day. However, I was becoming less convinced that these people had anything to do with physic granules, so they were pulled into or born into the conflict. As far as I could tell, none of us had the opportunity to pick which side we were on, and I had a strong distaste for killing my accidental enemies unless they pressed the issue like the gunman at the hospital. I had been contemplating a grim end for the Gyp physic responsible for the attack on my mom, but even that grudge was fading with further contemplation.
This line of reasoning led me to a rather simple conclusion. John's investigation did not matter. We were not law enforcement anymore. Our job was not to arrest The Followers for their schemes. Instead, we needed to get a better understanding of what was going on and make sure they did not get too powerful in the meantime.
We were making progress on understanding the origin of physic granules. I had found the machine that was probably implanting physic granules and my detector had begun to measure progress in the fresh physic infant. Where we were failing was in thwarting The Followers. We were too busy trying to stop them from getting things and not taking what they had instead.
"You're an infinite injector of inspiration, Pauline! I know how to sow spring in Mr. Clark's step. He needs a rousing romance with a gorgeous girlfriend. You used to be petulant Pauline, then you smacky smooched Ysenof and presto change-o, you're positive Pauline! I'm a mucho magnifico matchmaker, so it will be a kiddie course for me to match-made-on-a-merry-go-round Mr. Clark."
"What about Ysenof?"
"Ysenof is pleased as pie, Pauline. It's hella hard to decipher his disposition though. Visiting Ysenof-land is like a mission to Mars, the return is the rub."
"So, Ysenof gets a pass then? I'm an open book, but he's a closely guarded secret?"
"I can't poop a poodle production, Pauline! I often perceive Pauline related rumblings and mumblings, but the current correspondence is crickets in a thicket."
"Oh great, you perceive, huh? Tell me this, does he ever talk about anything other than my physic granules?"
"Let's get real-world rational, Pauline. Ysenof's brain resembles a ritalin rage super state. It's a wacko world of physic granule fantasies, or desolate desert menaces. The tasty taco takeaway is he's pointed at provocative Pauline, not some other frivolous physic filly."
I was quite sure that neither of us was flattered by Abby's answer. I would have been unhappy with Abby, but was too distracted to particularly notice. Abby trying to help John pick up women was a mistake, and I was absorbed in my alternative solution.
"That's a superbly sensational solution, Ysenof! Mr. Clark hasn't featured the Final Four first person perspective previously. The epic escapade to quash the kiddy quest for Final Four fame and fortune will be a crisp Clark cordial! Conjure the cuckoo countenance on pretentious Po' boy Pirela when his wunderkinds wet waffle their way to a skunk stench slaughter. The penultimate is champions conquering, but the ultimate is when they fall like a stuntman on their cushy couch cans!"
I was afraid that it would be a little too amazing for ASU to lose in the Final Four. It could end up as too little, too late. If I had been thinking more about The Followers' publicity machine and less about physic granules, I could have removed them from the tournament earlier when they would have been viewed as an over-rated team from an unusually weak PAC-12. I would not have had to get on a plane to do it either. The West Regional Tournament had been played in Phoenix. ASU had easily swept the competition. At least we had some time before the Final Four. I still had some business in town before we left though.

34.End
35.Start

The primary objective of my investigation at the hospital was to find a means to track where physic granule technology came from. What I had found was more technology with a less than clear path back to the origin. The meshes at the hospital were a different expression of the technology in physic granules. Studying them was giving me a new perspective on how physic granules worked. All of the different sized physic granules in Pauline gave me data to differentiate which internal structures of the physic granule were surface bound and which were not. This allowed me to better understand the functionality of various structures, to determine which ones interacted with the environment and which constituted the computational hierarchy. The mesh incarnation of the technology at the hospital gave me a chance to test what I thought I knew.
This was a diversion I did not have the time to entertain to my full desire. As strongly as I wanted to complete a comprehensive architectural analysis of physic granule technology, it was more important to find out how the original manufacturer was directing the system. That would give me the means to find out who they were.
To achieve this objective, I focused on structures in the mesh that would ostensibly be used for communication, those that were similar to surface limited structures in physic granules. In particular, I was looking for how they were different than ours. I also used the infants' physic granules as a point of reference, since I suspected that they used their granules almost exclusively for communication.
My preliminary structural analysis left me with a list of promising ideas as to how the device could be receiving input. I proceeded to test those ideas by subjecting the mesh to electromagnetic stimulus and observing how it reacted. I quickly ran through all of my promising ideas and soon found myself engaged in a mindless exhaustive search. As the tedium set in, I had a different idea. I began to have suspicions about what Nemesis had been doing in The Followers' parking lot.
Fortunately, there were not any Chosen hanging out in the parking lot when Pauline and I got there. Violent confrontations made Nemesis come out, and I was progressively developing a greater distaste for that outcome. Not only was it unpleasant for Pauline and a reminder of how little I had done to help her. I was recognizing Nemesis as a dangerous psychopath that did not care about the negative consequences of her actions.
Each exposure to Nemesis increased my desire to destroy her, curing Pauline of her possession. Knowing that there was a long, probably impossible road to that objective made it harder. There were so many types of physic granules and the interconnected networks were so complex that I had little hope of figuring them out well enough to disentangle Pauline.
When scientists try to understand how organic systems work, they chose simple organisms to study first in order to work out the basic principles. This is partly because simple organisms have shorter development cycles, which speeds up the process of experimentation and makes producing animals for experimentation less expensive. However, they also study simple organisms first because it is easier to understand how they work. Then, they can apply principles they learned on the simple organism to more complex organisms and work their way up. It is not quite that simple, but the idea is that it is easier to start studying the simple system first before moving on to the more complex system.
I was still struggling to understand the basics of physic granule principles in my tracking amplifier as well as the networks in John, Abby and myself. Pauline's large number of different, interconnected networks was too big a leap. I tried to tell her that, but she did not want to believe it, so I did testing on her individual physic granules, which taught me a lot about physic granules, but not networks or how to get rid of Nemesis.
Since the parking lot was clear of physic kids, Nemesis did not come to visit, and I walked to the spot where she liked to sit and meditate. As I approached the exact spot, my shield flickered. Close examination of the area revealed that there was a physic granule manufacturing system under my feet. It was different than the one at the hospital, but I was not sure to what degree that was a result of the dissimilar environment.
"You just went invisible, Ysenof. Are you alright?"
"I am fine. How are you?"
"I'm doing fine, Ukemi Senshi."
The name was a code word to let me know that I was text talking with Pauline. It came from her Nemesis dreams. Pauline said that I was the only person that had a consistent appearance and behavior when she remembered her dreams of being Nemesis.
Speaking of Nemesis, my conjecture was that she was competing with the Chosen for physic granule implantation at The Followers' hall. That was a strange notion from the perspective of a controlled experiment, but it was the only explanation I had that fit the data. The other problem with the assessment was if the implantation system was similar to the one at the hospital, there should have been implantees present day and night. The data from the detector at the hospital were suggesting that implants were constantly occurring. Clearly, the system at The Followers' hall was different regarding the implant schedule. There was also the question of how both the physic kids and Nemesis knew when to show up and get an implant.
Most of my questions were answered by careful analysis of the machine below me. First of all, some of the components were oriented differently than their twins at the hospital. Most of the components looked the same from my perspective since I was at the business end of it. However, one group of components looked quite different. They were upside down. My conclusion was that I had identified the communications transmitters and receivers. It made sense, since the analogues at the hospital were in the roof. My conclusion was that both machines had been designed to receive instructions from the high southern sky.
I also found differences in the parking lot implant station that explained why Nemesis and the physic kids did not hang out there 24-7-365. Some structures in that implant machine were present in substantially larger quantity while others were more scarce or not present at all. Overall, it seemed to be a highly parallel, simpler system. There also seemed to be a rather sizeable reservoir of neutrally charged particles, neutrons.
"Ysenof, it's break time. Time for you to nourish those physic granules. I'm also getting bored sitting here and waiting. Your notebook went dead an hour ago. Could you give it a charge while you eat?"
"Probably a bad circuit. Let me check."
It was unlikely that the battery had run out, because my heavy metal micro-mesh catalyzed batteries had a profoundly larger energy density than conventional technology. A notebook battery with close to a kilowatt hour of capacity could run my notebook computer for weeks. I would tell you more about the technology, but it is a trade secret.
Before I warmed my casserole barely enough to make it edible, I looked at what was going on. Sure enough, there was plenty of charge in the battery. What had happened was that a capacitor in the power delivery circuitry had developed a short between the plates. This had caused current to spike and several resistive components to burn out. My batteries were prone to these kinds of problems because they had the power control systems of an inexpensive, conventional lithium ion battery coupled to a high capacity prototype cell. As a result, components would be subjected to atypical currents and potentials.
Most of the difficulty was finding where the bad component was. Being able to sense where the charge was concentrated in the circuitry went a long way to making troubleshooting an easier process. It was difficult to tell exactly what had happened, but one of the capacitors was a melted ceramic and tantalum mess from a short forming between the plates.
"Battery is borked. Time to go home."
"Good. I was getting tired of eating cold casserole and watching for Chosen that aren't coming."
The power circuits were a mess, more trouble to fix than they were worth. I had seen enough of the physic granule implant device for one day and the replacement batteries were at home. I would end up reinstalling the proprietary battery cells in a new battery pack later, hopefully before the backup went kaput too. On the way home, I regressed to contemplating the granule implant machine.
My first conclusion was that the implant machine in the parking lot was manufacturing and storing material so it could do a rapid implant while it was being instructed through the communication system. The implant machine at the hospital seemed to be more automated, at least it was in the current operating environment. What they had in common was that they were both designed to communicate with a satellite, probably through a point-to-point electromagnetic signal.
The presence of the machine in The Followers' parking lot also answered a few questions. First, it was my guess that the implant station was the source of Abby disruption in the area. If she had decided to do her interference testing in the opposite direction, or I had been willing to get closer to Nemesis on her outings, we might have found the device months earlier.
I was also quite sure that the physic detection device would not be able to detect the machine at the hall or the one at the hospital since John had been unable to detect the Followers' hall system previously. That made me wonder if the way that it was interfering with Abby was somehow directed rather than ambient noise or always on communication.
The implications of the second machine beyond the information I had already observed and induced were many. Why was it not inside the hall where The Followers could protect it better? How did the Chosen know when to appear for implantation? How did Nemesis? What kinds of physic granules were being implanted? Then there was the most important question. Where were the instructions coming from?
What I did know was that the next time Nemesis came out to be implanted, I would have a lot of questions to ask her. I also wanted to get a look at the communication signal and the satellite it came from.

35.End
36.Start

Abby wanted to recycle her four guacamole taco bar idea, so she decided that we would have John over for dinner to tell him about the trip and our plan to ruin ASU's tournament fortunes. The preparations for the event were at a completely different level than the already elaborate taco bar on Wednesdays. Besides the four types of guacamole, there were numerous salsas, cheeses and meats, anything a person might or might not want on their taco shell or tortilla. Abby and my mom spent most of the day getting ready for the event.
I hoped the event would be successful, because I was already committed. Plane tickets and accommodations had been paid for. Our departure date was a matter of considerable concern. There was a potential conflict between Nemesis' implant outing and our departure for New Orleans, the site of the Final Four. It had been twenty-six days between the second night I went out with her and the day John discovered Pauline was missing from work. I subsequently discovered that she went out for three days in a row each period, which made the period length twenty-eight days minus a few hours.
If the next implant followed the projected schedule, the first of her implants would occur three days before the semifinal. That meant her third implant would potentially occur the day before the first game. The situation had the potential to become confrontational, and that worried me. I considered leaving for New Orleans before Nemesis had the chance to get implanted all three times, but I had a sneaking suspicion she would notice we were leaving town and find a way to thwart us.
My solution was to plan a departure in the evening two days before the semifinal game. Pauline and I would have flexible tickets that would allow us to postpone our departure as necessary.
Abby's taco events were less about sitting down and eating and more a social food sharing thing that I had little interest in. I knew what I liked, and it was annoying to constantly have Abby telling me what new thing I should be trying.
"Here comes insipid Ysenof. He's lining up for the ground beef, cheddar cheese, generic guacamole and pico de gallo snooze-fest special! A dollop of diversification wouldn't do you in, Ysenof. Three out of three righteous roomies conclusively concur, you could be hipper in your zipper! Pauline is shaking and baking an avocado sonata, your mom is a six salsa señora and Mr. Clark is a sultan of the smörgåsbord."
"Ysenof is white bread and vanilla ice cream, Abby. Four ingredients is fifth gear at five thousand RPM for him."
"Ysenof is a zany zest fest that will burst your bubble, Mr. Clark! We're going to be slowing those ASU kids' choo-choo in a looming loch of poo-poo. We're going to constipate and humiliate fatboy Jo-Jo Pirela and his fave flave physica on the supreme sports stage!"
"Oh, really? How are we going to do that? Are we going to sit here on the couch, close our eyes and want it terribly bad?"
"Don't be a giddy goose, Mr. Clark. We're flying first class with panache to the Final Four! We're free to move about the country, to New Orleans incidentally. Ysenof will put on the kibosh and squash the Chosen-squad steal storm with a wash of physic feats! We'll experience the bodacious brilliance from prime peeper grade gazing in Superdome courtside seats! Isn't that completely coolular? There'll be quite the Wildcat delight when we stick it to Jo-Jo and his monkey flunky in their jugular!"
"That will definitely be coolular, Abby."
We ate pretty quietly after that. Abby chattered as usual, but mostly about how great that iteration of the taco bar was turning out. I had shared the new information about the implant stations with Abby, including my growing suspicion that it was running entirely by remote control. She waited until John was done eating to broach the subject of our future investigation of The Followers.
"Ysenof needs us to sleuth for the truth, Mr. Clark! We can investigate the identity of the appalling cabaling clique whose wicked works burgeon The Followers' fortune."
"What do you think we've been doing, Abby?"
"It's a whole new ball of cats, Mr. Clark. Ysenof understands and comprehends the solemn secret of where physic granules come from! They don't only originate where teensy weensy premies incubate. The Followers' franchise is open for operation! It's been bouncing, requesting and behesting beams off my brain, testing. Our mission, if we choose to accept it, is to intercept and interpret the instructions by reading and gleaning the code collector kiddies' beaming and streaming!"
"That's not a half bad plan, Abby. We could stand to spend more of our time at The Followers' hall. Camping at their houses has not gotten us much so far. I've seen a schedule of events for them online. That will tell us when to watch the hall."
"Ysenof also warns and informs to be careful with the faithful! They may be affixed with mixed size physic granules and a head-state, hateful. You can use the filter to find them if you fancy to fend an MGP event!"
"MGP?"
"MGP is the alphabet soup slogan for mixed granule physic, Mr. Clark. You should be a fervent conversant with the latest lingo of the mucho marv field of the physic sciences revealed!"
"What exactly can this potential MGP do?"
"They're the malefic match to the machiavellian monkey, Mr. Clark!"
"So they can wookie-stomp our heads, physic-style?"
"You banged it between the bars with righteous rage in the combat cage!"
"Okay, we might have something going here. I believe there has been mention that Ysenof has access to the FBI network. Can I use your computer to log in? I want to go back through The Followers' phone records to make sure there isn't something I missed."
"You can use and abuse the public 'puter, Mr. Clark, but it needs an Ysenof intervention before you hack and crack! He's got a foxy proxy on Freicht's hobby host."
"Freicht? Wasn't he one of the tech dorks in the office?"
I did not like taking advantage of Ned. He had been very helpful on the camera job. He had invited me over to see the web hosting service he ran for himself and a few friends and family from home. The thing was that using the IP domain of someone that had remote access to the FBI's servers was the best way to minimize the chance of our intrusions being noticed.
Finding a specific individual's computer in their home is a daunting task. This is because most people are assigned random IP addresses by their service provider that change periodically, but are confined to a relatively small range. However, since Ned was hosting internet sites that had to be found reliably, he had a static IP address. After that trip to his house, and once when I happened on him at work accessing his home network, I learned his passwords. That put me in a position to use his system as a proxy to help hide our access of the FBI's computers.

36.End
37.Start

After Abby's successful four guacamole taco event, John returned to form in his zealous investigation of The Followers. He and Abby spent time at the meeting hall and individual houses, then John would come over and scour the FBI's network on our public computer. John made an unexpected discovery late one afternoon when he was pressing our luck by spending too much time in their system.
"I'm gonna kill her!"
"Who're you gonna grease, Mr. Clark? I'll audaciously augur they did dastardly deeds!"
"You remember Special Agent Angelle Forstow from the office? Didn't she take some interest in you, Pauline?"
"She gave me the creeps. Her interest in me was way too intense to be only a desire to mentor another woman."
"Angelle is the cucumber cool robocop who did my security soiree. If I couldn't be awesome Admiral Abby, I'd be her bad-ass in a California-roll sashay!"
"Well, it turns out that Abby's enemy radar is completely broken off, just like mine. Pauline, you need to simply turn that gay-dar off. Forstow is married with kids. If she were gay, she would have been out of the closet after joining the Bureau.
"Our problem is that her oldest, Samantha Hochsteen is rather familiar and one of The Chosen. I knew there was something going on with Sam, but could never figure it out. Well, now we know and this is going to help us out. Once the SAC finds out Forstow is a member of the cult we were investigating for perpetrating terrorist acts, her days will be numbered. I might be able to get all of our jobs back too. Knowing how they were out-maneuvering us, I like our chances of putting enough evidence together to send the whole lot of The Followers to prison. This is going to take a lot of work once we get back from the Final Four."
"I hate to be the chaotic crumbler of virtuous vibes, Mr. Clark, but I tried to notify nincompoops about Angelle's evil eye. As for further fell federal fortune, the Bureau bites poochie poopie that's starting to harden. Ysenof proffers a primo package, sans painful paperwork and bans in the bargain."
"Fine, Abby. Keep your little private investigation fraud, but I still want my badge back."
As the conversation devolved into the Abby rambling that I usually excise from the story, we had our second positive surprise of the day. Nemesis showed up for her implant a day early.
"I need the car, Ysenof. Get your science project while I go get my gear."
As I went up to my room to gather my equipment, I wished that I already had the telescope to look for the communications satellite. Unfortunately, one does not simply express order a 32 inch Cassegrain style Ritchie-Cretien open truss telescope. Not only are they immensely expensive, but demand is low for any given configuration, so they are built to order. I considered building one myself since I could polish the mirrors to molecular accuracy, but engineering a precision instrument like that would take more time and effort than it was worth. My plan was to let the experts do what they did best. Then, I would clean up the inaccuracies and structural weaknesses their crude tools and technology left behind.
What all of this meant was that there would be some time before I had a quality telescope to look for the satellite. In the meantime, I would take accurate measurements of the approaching communications signal and look on satellite tracking internet sites to figure out where it was coming from. I also wanted to ask Nemesis questions to get a better idea of what was going on. Her experience of the implants could provide valuable clues as to how the whole process worked. I was formulating my first question as I repaired the starter circuit from the front seat of Pauline's car.
"Okay, twerp. What is it? You have a question. Just ask it already so I can have some peace."
The pressure of her expectation made it take me longer than usual to type the question.
"How do you know when to get implanted?"
"I simply know. It pops into my head."
"When?"
"I don't know... I guess I find out when the next implant will be when the previous one ends."
"Did the same thing happen at the hospital?"
"Um, yeah, sort of. I found reasons to go in at odd hours and talk to colleagues when I wasn't on duty and couldn't swap to work the shift. That's strange, I never realized that before."
It was as I suspected. Nemesis and Pauline's attraction to The Followers' hall was related to their attraction to the hospital. It was no accident that Pauline became a neonatal nurse at St. Joseph's. It seemed obvious that Pauline had been getting implants at the hospital. They were the reason she had been getting stronger and her fine motor control had deteriorated while she worked there. I would have to look for signs of physic communication while I was watching Nemesis get implanted.
"Are you done with your questions? Ysenof? Good."
When we drove up to The Followers' hall, the kids were already on the run. By the time we were parked, the place was deserted. As Nemesis situated herself in the middle of the implant field, I looked for signs of electromagnetic communication signals and physic granule implantation. I was also getting better at recognizing the differences between Nemesis activity and Pauline activity, so it could be possible that in the next couple of days I would notice what implants were occurring. I was more concerned about the communication signal at that time, so I looked up into the sky.
It took most of the two hours to find the C-band communications. The signal was difficult to find, because it was a very low power, narrow laser. I also did not want to irritate Nemesis by interrupting her progress. Therefore, I was carefully staying wide to avoid blocking the path between the implant machine and the satellite. When I did find the signal, it was to the southwest at an over seventy degree angle upward. When I scrutinized the twilight sky in that direction, I saw a satellite with my unaided eyes. 
The Moon.

37.End
38_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"Sheraton Security Guard Released"
by Kenneth Araiti

George Hartley, the Sheraton security guard arrested when found in a women's restroom with three under-aged guests, was released today with no charges filed.
The incident was accompanied by the Dynamic Duo being caught in a failed elevator at the same time. Both events happened in the early morning hours of March 31st.
At around 2AM Hartley radioed his colleagues to tell them that the female friend of a guest was being harassed. Hartley accompanied the young man, an ASU freshman to the restroom off the hotel's main ballroom, which wasn't in use at the time. There was no follow-up by Hartley to the initial communication. Instead, security got an alarm that one of the hotel's elevators had failed. Then, at about the same time, they received a call from an anonymous source that directed them to the restroom on the second floor. They found Hartley and the three minors, two girls and a boy, undressed and confused. Meanwhile, it took over an hour to get the Dynamic Duo out of the stuck elevator.
Hartley was arrested under suspicion of indecent behavior. The three minors were taken to the hospital. No details of their condition were released, and the media has been asked to not disclose their names. After all four individuals made statements that they couldn't remember what happened, no charges were brought against Hartley. The hotel security guard has not wavered from his original statement despite considerable scrutiny.
The three minors in question were all from Arizona and were staying at the Sheraton to support the Arizona State University basketball team in the Final Four.

38_epigraph.End
38.Start

Both Abby and I had not been on an airplane before. She did not ask, but I knew she wanted to fly in first class. I also wanted flexibility for Pauline and myself due to my limited data on the timing of Nemesis' outings. As a result, I booked the more expensive seats. It was not going to significantly affect the cost of an already expensive trip.
For security and convenience, we wanted our accommodations near each other. Ideally, this meant that we would get a vacation rental. The problem was, our reservations were last minute for a big event where space is in high demand. Fortunately, something was available at an inflated rate, albeit a larger space than I wanted. Tickets for the games that would allow me to get near enough to the kids were also available on the secondary market for a considerable sum. It was a bit dicey getting everything we needed, but application of sufficient funds got us the necessities. The bottom line was the price of a very expensive new car got us to the Final Four and in a position to thwart ASU's title hopes when we could have handled the problem a week earlier with some far easier to obtain tickets and a drive down the road.
We knew the match-ups from the time we decided to make the trip. ASU, being undefeated, was the top seed in their bracket and the tournament overall. They had beaten the second seeded Ohio State Buckeyes to win the West region. ASU was set to play Florida, the eight seed from the Midwest region, who had beaten top seeded North Carolina to advance to the semifinal. Kentucky, the one seed in the South, had beaten second seeded Kansas to win their region. They were going to meet Louisville, the four seed out of the East, which had beaten seventh seeded Gonzaga to advance.
There was a lot of talk about how Kentucky, with a starting line-up of NBA caliber players, was going to be the best team to not win the NCAA tournament since the undefeated 1990-91 UNLV Running Rebels lost to Duke in the semifinals and had their championship repeat hopes dashed. Little did they know that the undefeated 2011-12 ASU Sun Devils were going to make everyone forget about Duke beating UNLV.
Our schedule for the operation in New Orleans benefited considerably from Nemesis going to get implanted a day early. We wanted to have an extra day to deal with The Followers' MGPs or Gyps, as Abby had dubbed them. I did not want anyone interfering with my physic work during the basketball games. John had done some pre-tournament legwork with the filter on and had found that one of the Chosen had physic granules that would potentially pose a problem. It was Leon Mumey, one of the kids that we had linked to the bank robberies. Between him and the monkey it could get interesting, however his lack of experience with his relatively newer granules was expected to be quite limiting.
Although it was past midnight when we arrived, the first thing John wanted to do when we got to New Orleans was track down all of the physica in the area. Pauline needed to get something to eat, so that is what we did first. That would be one of the biggest challenges we faced. It was a good thing that we got a vacation cottage, even if it was not well located and had more space than we needed.
It had become second nature for us to go somewhere that had waffles. Unfortunately, at that time of night the only choice was Waffle House. It was a quick and thoroughly unremarkable meal.
As a compromise between John and necessity, we dropped my mom, Abby, and the luggage off to check in at the cottage. Then we started our search for our physic rivals. We knew that the team was staying at the Sheraton on Canal Street downtown, but John wanted to find out how many physica were present and get a good look at them. I agreed with him, but was not fond of doing it in the middle of the night after flying. It was not quite so late for us since our day in Phoenix started two hours later than New Orleans, but I was never a fan of late night physic hunting.
We confined our initial search to the area near the Sheraton down by the main branch of the Mississippi River. John identified five different physica in the area that were not us. All of them were at the team hotel. We parked and geared up before going in. Mostly, we put on the tactical radios John had procured for the New Orleans mission.
We were only supposed to be there to see if we could identify their tactical disposition, but I took precautions against our presence being recorded anyway. While I could not understand the wireless signal from the security cameras at the hotel, I was able to use it to find the DVRs where the data was being stored. I was not sure how long they were keeping data from their cameras, but I assumed it was going to be sufficiently long to be of concern. Therefore, when I found the DVRs, I increased the resistivity of the wires in the SATA receive lines in the disk drives' controllers by thinning the wires. They would still have cameras for surveillance and nothing looked different on their monitors, but the recorded data would be garbled enough on the way to the disk drive platter to ruin the recording.
While I was fixing the hotel's surveillance systems, John reported that Leon Mumey, the MGP, was in the building. The remaining four were Sam Hochsteen, Nate Skoler and the two basketball players. The three that we believed to be bank robbers were our primary concern and they were scattered around the hotel.
"One of them is in the atrium. I think it's Forstow's daughter, Sam. You two go in first while I follow when she notices you."
I did not like the sound of what John was saying. We were rushing, and it sounded like John wanted to do something that night. There were other ways in that did not go through the lobby, but it would take time. John did not like waiting, and Pauline was going along with him. I thought about saying something, but speaking or texting seemed like an enormous mountain to climb, so I went along with his plan.
The lobby of the hotel was surprisingly busy for such a late hour. Although the area was far from crowded, I looked all around, but could not find Sam. Honestly, I did not remember her very well from the Metro. I had been too occupied by the physic granules at the time.
"I think she's made you, Ysenof. Could you please be more conspicuous? I'm also detecting movement by two of the other physica, one is the Gyp kid. I'm pretty sure that the other is that Skoler kid. They aren't together, and the monkey is still not on my radar. Sam isn't doing much, merely circling around behind you. Head over to the stairs and let's see what happens."
Pauline and I went up the escalator from the atrium. It led to an open area on the second floor where there were restaurants, general purpose rooms and more escalators.
"Sam is following you up. Keep going. I think the other two are on their way to the elevators and will be coming down. It should make for a good chase."
I simply followed where Pauline led me, trying not to worry exceedingly about the chase. That was not my task. John was doing what a good field commander does, make the enemy come to you. Do not let them decide the wheres and wherefores, then be unpredictable so their plans are unlikely to be useful. He was directing, Pauline was keeping us on track, and I was preparing for the possibility that I would need to interdict someone's consciousness.
"I don't see anywhere to go up here. Head over to the other bank of escalators."
The escalators up from the ground floor to the second were not co-located with the escalators that led up to the third floor and above. Despite the area being almost deserted, I did not truly see what was going on. Pauline was pushing us forward faster than my senses could analyze the area.
"When you get to the third floor, don't continue up right away. I want to get a look around."
The upper escalator bank was set up so it was easy to travel from top to bottom. The escalator up to the fourth floor started right next to where the escalator up from the second floor ended. That worked against us to some degree in that we needed time to make a decision on what to do next. Pauline handled it well though. She merely circled around the escalators along the side facing the elevator bank. Not only did it present a confusing path, but it gave us multiple options to keep moving.
"Wait a second, head over to the ballroom, past the elevators. When you get there, look for somewhere private, like a restroom. Don't worry about drawing her in, I'll make sure she follows you. Also, be careful as you pass the elevators. Leon and Nate might pop out of there while you're passing by."
No one popped out while we were passing by, so either they were not able to stop the elevator fast enough on Sam's instruction, or they did not want to. This was a good thing, because obviously, the ballroom doors were locked at that time of night. I was out of sorts, so it took longer than normal for me to figure out which circuit nodes to charge up in order to unlatch the electronic lock. When we got into the huge ballroom, Pauline flipped on the lights and took a quick look around, then headed to the left, leaving the door ajar behind us by using the built-in door-jamb. After a few steps, she paused and went into the women's bathroom. It did not take very long before Sam and John followed us in.
When I say followed us in, I mean they crashed through the door in a tangle. Sam rolled up on to her feet while John flopped onto the ground. Pauline saved the situation by darting past Sam and blocking the way back out so I would have a chance to get my bearings and disable the whirling dervish girl that was kicking the crap out of John.
"Would you do your thing already, Ysenof?"
"I don't know John, I think Ysenof should take a moment to enjoy this. It's pretty funny watching a little girl kick your ass."
"When I get done with this Special Olympian, I'll get you for what you did to Kade, crazy lady."
My plan was to knock Sam out and give her retrograde amnesia, exactly like I had intended if one of The Followers had interrupted Pauline and I when we bugged their hall. After working on my mom, I had a better idea of how to induce unconsciousness. I would be targeting her dorsal midbrain instead of my previous, less exact knowledge, which included the entire midbrain and the upper portion of the brainstem. I had also done some research on retrograde amnesia, but my priority at that moment was incapacitation, because more Chosen were coming.
The means by which I could cause the disruption in her brain were varied. It all came down to releasing energy at the correct rate to cause the right amount of damage, primarily in the region of interest. The destructive force could be delivered in many different ways. The question was which was the simplest method that would accomplish the goal with minimal long term damage.
All methods would involve liberating energy and particles from molecular, atomic, and possibly, nuclear bonds within the cellular membranes of the brain cells. It was only a matter of how complex a process I would undertake. The simplest method would be to fuse small atomic nuclei and let the products of that fusion indiscriminately do the damage on their own. The problems with this solution was that the likely products of fusion; helium, nitrogen and fluorine, were unpredictable in the damage they might cause, especially in a heated environment. Unregulated, they could induce a destructive cascade of neuron and glial necrosis. This method would not give me sufficient control over the destruction I was intending to cause.
At the other end of the spectrum, I could be very careful about how energy was released. If the energy were so low as to not break bonds, oriented to be absorbed locally, and timed across many atoms, the unified movement of atoms in the same direction would create a localized pressure fluctuation. Such a fluctuation would be an ideal tool to do damage, precisely like the high-powered ultrasound of my ultra-ray.
I did something that was somewhere between those two extremes. It was better controlled than mass nuclear fusion and simpler than carefully choreographed exothermic physic alchemy to create pressure fluctuations. Instead, I decided to oxidize. Not many things are more reliably exothermic than elemental oxygen reacting. I nudged the reactions in such a way that the energy was distributed locally through electromagnetic and physical interactions similar to fluorescent dye phenomena discovered by Theodor Förster and David Dexter. I did this in the polar ends of the phospholipids that constitute the backbone of the lipid bilayers of the neuronal cell membranes. This kept the bulk of the damage away from the DNA, but still disrupted neuron operation in the short term. I had to be careful about changing too many hydrogens to hydroxides, however. I wanted to knock her out, not disrupt long term functionality in her brain.
I incapacitated Sam before she managed to knock John out, which was a good thing. Not only would he never have heard the end of it, but we needed him to tell us what the other physic kids were up to.
"About damn time, Ysenof. We have three more coming, two physic and one security guard, I think."
"Help me get her clothes off, Ysenof."
"Are you serious, Pauline?"
"We're going to create a scandal, John. Just trust me."
I was surprised by Pauline's request and simply stood there. I was not sure what to do. I did not have a plan for removing someone's clothes, and I was not coming up with one on the spot. I was more than a little preoccupied by what Pauline was up to.
"Ysenof, I need you to help me get her clothing off quickly before the others get here and without hurting her. Just tear some of the seams out for me."
I was worried that the others would get there while I was breaking the polymers in the thread of Sam's clothes. It would be difficult to knock out three people quickly enough to avoid a lot of noise if I was not properly prepared. Pauline could have easily ripped the clothes off, but was understandably worried she would hurt the girl. I tried my best to help her until John gave the warning.
"We have incoming, people. You have five seconds, Ysenof. Three, two, one."
It helped a lot to have John count down the approach of the incoming people for me. Although I could see the infrared signature from the MGP and could intuit where his midbrain was, I am not good at timing movement. I was scrambling neurons in Leon's midbrain before the door to the bathroom opened. When he collapsed, I moved on to the other physic kid, Nate. That left the security guard. John kept him busy until I got around to him, and by kept busy, I mean beat the crap out of him. Getting beat up by a teenage girl might have created some frustration.
Once all four were unconscious, I worked on giving them retrograde amnesia, starting with the guard, then Sam, Leon and Nate. My target in their brains was chosen based upon the fruit of a medical mistake. It is known that the hippocampus, a structure that resides in the medial temporal lobe, is responsible for the formation of explicit long term memory. This is understood from the famous case of Henry Molaison, known as HM until he died in 2008. The medical mistake was that his hippocampi were removed in their entirety in 1953 to treat his epilepsy. After the operation, HM became unable to learn explicit information. Subsequent experiments with similar patients, including an anecdotal experiment by Antonio Damasio and his colleagues, revealed that implicit learning was still possible. In other words, it was possible that the four would have a negative emotional association with us, but they would not remember why.
Pauline tried to interrupt me as I was working on the hippocampi, but I made her wait. When I looked up, John was struggling with clothing removal duty.
"Ukemi Senshi, you're not done yet. I need all of their clothes."
"Pauline's right. Help me out here, Ysenof."
The task of undoing their clothes was distracting me from the task that was more germane to our Final Four mission. I was going to use the ultra-ray to knock out some of the physic granules in the kid, Leon Mumey. He had apparently been getting granule implants until Nemesis started hogging them up. I was going to incapacitate some of the larger granules that had been implanted in his glial cells. Specifically, I had decided to remove the ones in the region of his frontal cortex.
My reasoning on which part of Leon's brain to target came from another famous case in the annals of the mind. Phineas Gage was a railroad construction foreman whose left frontal cortex was obliterated by a tamping iron being driven through his head by an accidental explosion. Most importantly, he survived the injury, but also, what happened to his behavior was important. He went from being a responsible man to an out-of-control ne'er-do-well.
From the injury sustained by Phineas Gage, neuroscientists learned that the frontal cortex is important for integrating negative motivators into decision making, manifesting as restraint. As a result, it has become a popular part of the brain to study in antisocial personality disorders and criminality. The thing I most cared about was the fact that it was a region of the brain that could tolerate significant damage without being fatal. The frontal lobe, particularly the left, was maybe a little safer place to do an unsafe procedure than some others. However, I also figured that if there was an analogy between neural networks and granule networks, then the physic granules in the frontal lobes would have an important high level integrative function. I was hoping that damage in that area would best disrupt the ability to control related physic talents.
So, while John and Pauline gathered up the tattered clothes in the bathroom's garbage bag, I did a more limited second test of the ultra-ray on a healthy human being. It did not go anything like the first time had.
Leon started to get up despite being unconscious. I was completely surprised and dropped the ultra-ray. Fortunately, Pauline was there to deal with the unruly patient. She easily took control of him, well before I recovered my ultra-ray. It was so fast, I was concerned that she had hurt him.
"Relax, Ysenof, I have him under control. Go back to what you were doing."
Though Leon was struggling against her, Pauline held him like he was in a vise. I took a moment to calm down and re-started the procedure to crack the physic granules in his left frontal lobe.
When I had cracked the larger physic granules to my satisfaction, there were two problems. First, his second network of granules in his astrocytes were too large for him to be like me. They were more comparable to Herman Fite's, maybe a bit larger. This told me that the monkey had to be the one that hurt my mom, unless Leon specialized in attacking people's brains. Also, the kid was still struggling against Pauline. I suspected that somehow his other granules, the smaller ones that made him one of The Chosen, were somehow in control. Possibly, the network with the others allowed them to act through him when his granule networks were under attack.
"We need to get going, Ysenof. The Dismal Duo are on the move."
I quickly calibrated the ultra-ray to the smaller granules in the neurons and wavered as to which region to target.
"Are you going to pull the trigger on that thing or what?"
I decided to go with the perfect analogue and targeted the dorsal midbrain. It was soon evident that my shot in the dark had worked when Leon went limp in Pauline's arms. I was tempted to target the larger granules in the dorsal midbrain too, but I was worried about the consequences to Leon's health. I did a cursory look to make sure that the compound damage in the dorsal midbrain had not gotten out of hand. What I learned from Fite and the kid at the hospital saved him from damage to his neuronal vesicles, but there was minor damage in some Golgi apparatus, a structure in cells that is quite erratically amorphous. As I was considering fixing some of the Golgi damage, I was interrupted by John.
"Ysenof! Wipe the goo off his forehead. We need to go now if we want to avoid the Dismal Duo."
The proper term for the "goo" as John put it, is gel. The reason that gel is applied to the area where an ultrasound wave is injected into the human body is diffraction. When a wave, whether it be light or sound, transitions from one medium to another where the speed of the wave is significantly different, the wave is diffracted in a different direction than it was previously moving. Since the speed of sound in air is substantially slower than it is inside the human body or in the ultrasound device that produces and detects it, the wave would be diffracted four times if gel is not used, twice on the way in and twice during the return. This makes it extremely difficult to use the wave to take an accurate picture or to control where it goes. By using a gel in which the speed of sound is similar to the ultrasound device and the human body, the error introduced by diffraction is minimized.
I did not particularly want to chance an encounter with Cohen and Thone. Pauline or Nemesis could hurt them excessively and screw up our plans. John was right, we needed to get going.
"John, we can't let those two get down here and help their friends in the bathroom before security shows up."
"You're right, Pauline. Ysenof, can you stop their elevator if I tell you which one they're in?"
I nodded and John pointed to the elevator that needed to be stopped. I did not have time for an elegant solution, so I went with the easy and destructive route. Elevator hoist cables are composed of fairly high purity iron steel, which made for a difficult problem. Iron is an extremely stable, low energy element, so it was difficult to find physic alchemy targets that would produce an exothermic reaction.
I ended up having to use the trace quantities of carbon 12 in the steel, which I fused with the iron 56 to get germanium 68. The process was only mildly exothermic, so I had to expend more energy than I wanted to get the process going. If the carbon had been evenly distributed instead of in rich nano-clusters, I might have failed to finish the task. Instead, I managed to heat the cables up enough for them to snap and stop the Dynamic Duo's pursuit.
As the safety devices were engaging to prevent the elevator from crashing, I started to feel light-headed and searched my pockets for a granola bar.
"Are you okay, Ukemi Senshi?"
As Pauline was attending to me, John was calling hotel security on a pre-paid cell phone we had purchased for exactly such an occasion.
"You didn't do a very good job of knocking them out Ysenof. They're already getting up.
"Is this security for the Sheraton? Good. You have a situation in the women's bathroom off the ballroom on the third floor. Minors are involved, so you might want to get up there as fast as you can."
John's ability to track the physic kids allowed him to notice when they were stirring, so the timing worked out quite well. Pauline insisted on giving me more help exiting the building than I needed. Despite my slowness and Pauline's awkward assistance, the suddenly overworked Sheraton security staff were much too distracted with the dueling crises to notice us.
"I can't compute why you ditched and dangled me! I'm starving for a monumental moment, the supreme skirmish on the center stage. I wanted to watch Ysenof transmute to batter some malignant monkey mind-matter!"
Abby seemed particular unhappy about being left out of the scouting trip when she found out there had been action. She had not expected that something major was going to go down. Neither had I. Personally, outside of verifying that I could knock people unconscious and getting another test run with the ultra-ray, I did not enjoy the action at the Sheraton. I knew Abby had a different view and understood how it was consistent with her character, but I did not feel the urge to court chaos.
"Did you at least junk-jolt Jo-Jo's fiendish flunky monkey? We need to conk him out of commission before he comas communities! Putting people's mammas in comas is like selling snake oil to sick sapiens. It's what Grand Admiral Tarkin would do on vacation from nuking nations! That MGP monkey is the epitome of eeevil with an enormous E! You should blast his simian nads into the past, Ysenof!"

38.End
39.Start

The day before the semifinals was spent fruitlessly searching for the Gyp monkey. John was able to find him, unlike the night before. We did not know if that was because of a later arrival or different accommodations. John was getting very good at finding and distinguishing individuals, including non-physica. In the hotel, he had known that the security guard was with the two physic kids, and he had been able to identify the physica individually at range. His improving tracking ability still was not enough to help us with the monkey, because the little guy could maneuver far better than we could.
"Steve says sayonara suckers and supplementary salacious sordids censored to save sanity!"
After tracking him down, locating him, and losing him to an obstacle like a fence or the wall of a building a few times, we got tired of chasing. If Abby had read more from Mister Steve than petty insults, or if we had known what he was up to, other than leading us on a goose chase, then we might have merely camped in a spot and waited for him to come to us. Since we did not have insight into the monkey's day plan, we settled for trying to enjoy New Orleans.
"We know our foe's final destination, Mr. Clark. He knows what we're here for and we know that he knows what we're here for! The final furious, sensational showdown will shock the Superdome. Might versus right, monkey versus man, mite versus height!"
"I thought Ysenof didn't want to deal with the monkey tomorrow night, Abby."
"C'est la vie, Mr. Clark. Even Ysenof is savvy to the senseless stupidity of trying to retrieve a spry Mister Steve!"
"While I can't deny your point Abby, I have a hard time being a tourist when the enemy is right here and I can see him."
"I know what will take your mind off that miserable, measly monkey, Mr. Clark. The blues! Let's partake in the plentitude of the cool cats' cradle of jazz."
I am not fond of going to places where people hang out amongst strangers. There are too many people, and little in the way of meaningful interaction, so I get bored and annoyed. It was fine with me if Abby and John went out and enjoyed the evening so long as they did not inflict the misery on me. Pauline agreed with me; there is nothing worse than a crowded bar to make her anxious. We split up that afternoon, and fortunately, nothing bad happened to John and Abby.
When Pauline and I got back to the cottage, I think she wanted some alone time, but my mom was with us on the trip for her safety. We had left her alone in the cottage for most of the day, which did not seem to bother her since she had one of her ubiquitous novels out and was reading.
"Ysenof, I read about the incident at the Sheraton. It sounds absolutely horrible. Is that what you three were up to last night?"
My mom had become used to my not talking over the previous twenty years, so she was experienced at asking questions in a way that a simple response from me would answer it for her. This incident was no different, and she knew the answer before I nodded yes.
"Did you consider the impact your actions will have on those teenagers and that poor security guard?"
"Excuse me Ms. Martyn, but you shouldn't be interrogating your son over this. He didn't create this situation, I did. As for Ysenof acting without restraint, I think he treats The Followers with kids' gloves too often. They didn't kill you, only because you're more valuable to them alive, as a way to hurt Ysenof. They shot at us, tried to kill us and then damaged the hospital in an explosion that endangered the lives of the infants being treated there. Despite this, when trying to neutralize one of these dangerous people who might be able to harm us, or put you in another coma, he chose to do the safest procedure with the lowest chance of success, because he doesn't want to accidentally kill his enemy.
"Would you call that not considering the consequences of his actions? As for my actions, the only person I'm worried about is the security guard, who will probably have his life turned upside down by the media. Still, I think it's worth it if we distract The Followers enough that we can discredit their little pet celebrities. Am I willing to accept collateral damage? Hell, yes. And, being collateral damage myself, I'm eminently fit to make that decision."

39.End
40.Start

We left early for the ASU - Florida game. That way, John would have time to find the monkey and the other general purpose physica that might be in attendance. My preference was to not have to deal with the monkey while trying to derail the ASU basketball team. It was going to be difficult enough to walk the line between impeding the physic kids but not injuring them severely enough to remove them from the game. An angry monkey that could vivisect people's brains through physic manipulation could be enough of a distraction to derail the whole plan.
There were vulnerable targets in our group, much the same as there were in theirs. I was still a little worried about how effective the newly improved physic detector would be at protecting Abby. It sounded like her hearing had been significantly impaired when she had visited The Followers' hall. If we ended up too close to too many physic kids, the lack of input could drive her batty over the course of the basketball game. Our limited testing made me wonder what exactly would happen.
On the day of the tournament, I decided to set the low pass filter a little lower to make sure it would block all of the noise from the physic kids. She reported Pauline at five by four and me at four by three, so it did not seem that the device was blocking her appreciably more than usual at the new setting. I was ready to change the settings if Abby started having problems. Abby camouflaged the modified computer to brain interface device as a rather garish metallic purple tiara. It did not actually fit in since Mardi Gras was long over, but Abby's garb was always a bit outlandish.
I was also worried about my mom. She still had brain damage that would make her more sensitive to another attack from the monkey. John and Abby were not monkey-proof either. I had done enough testing on Pauline to satisfy myself that she would be very difficult for an enemy physic to harm. Not only were her cells resistant to energy transfers that were not part of her physiology, she seemed to have structures in her skin that disrupted outside electromagnetic interference. I really wanted to study her more, because I was starting to understand how some of it worked. Unfortunately, other projects, like stopping some annoying kids from winning the NCAA basketball tournament kept finding their way to the top of the list.
I do not know which problem I had spent more effort preparing for, incapacitating the physic kids or dealing with the monkey. I was hoping to be able to deal with the problems separately. More succinctly, I was going to try and knock the monkey out before the game started. Getting to the arena early would only improve the chances of that happening.
"Stay alert people. I count seven physica: the monkey, Leon the cripple Gyp, Sam, Nate, the Dismal Duo, and one more. I think it is a girl named Tammy Erekson."
"Ysenof says the cripple confidence is tall but not totally towering, Mr. Clark. Moreover, Mumey is a specialist 'cause his glial granules are large like fire Fite's! He's an MGP, but I approve the appellation protocol. Cripple MGP tortures my tongue!"
"Whatever. He had better be a cripple Gyp or non-Gyp MGP, or I'm going to have some very colorful words to share with Ysenof after this fiasco fails."
Pauline had already shared her very similar sentiments with me. She thought I should have wiped out all of Leon's physic granules. Not only was I not going to treat a kid that had not hurt anybody in the same way as the maniac Herman Fite, I was interested in learning something. Only knocking out the granules in his frontal lobe astrocytes was not only less risky for his health. It was an opportunity to learn something about physic granule networks.
His collapse when I knocked out the small granules in his dorsal midbrain neurons made me optimistic that I had learned a different lesson. Unfortunately, the first experiment with the larger granules in his astrocytes seemed unlikely to pan out. If I was right and Leon was never a threat to begin with, we would need to figure out Leon's talent and monitor him to understand if the frontal lobe experiment worked. Considering our relationship with The Chosen, that seemed unlikely to happen.
Specifically, the dorsal midbrain lesson I learned in the bathroom at the Sheraton related to the physic rhesus macaque. It had changed my view on how to deprive it of what measure of consciousness it was capable.
As we made our way to our seats on the floor of the Superdome, no one but John saw sign of the monkey or the Chosen. John informed us that all of them seemed to be down in the locker area. As we anxiously waited near our seats, we had our first event. John gave us the initial warning.
"Look alive, people. The monkey is coming this way, and he's moving fast."
"Ladies and gentlemen, give a big welcome to ASU's smallest fan, Mister Steve!"
Standing in the middle of the basketball court was the monkey with an ASU jersey on. As the crowd applauded, he bowed, then turned and bowed three more times until he was back in the orientation he had started at. As he did this, the applause got louder and his image came up on all of the video screens in the facility.
"Mister Steve would like to do a magic trick. Does anyone on the floor have a fifty dollar bill he can borrow?"
Quite a few hands went up and someone announced that he had a hundred for him. To the surprise of the people on the floor, and the befuddlement of the people above who could not hear the man announce his hundred, Mister Steve bounded over to the guy, did a flip and a dance, then held his hand out for the bill.
The man handed his bill to Mister Steve with a flourish, and the monkey snatched it out of his hand as though he were stealing it. Then, he ran back onto the court and circled it, waving the bill like it was a trophy.
"It seems that Mister Steve has fleeced a poor guy out of fifty dollars!"
The crowd started to laugh, with the guy who had lost the hundred dollars laughing the hardest. Then Mister Steve brought the bill down to his face and looked at it. Next, he started to jump up and down like he was angry.
"It looks like Mister Steve has been tricked, and he isn't happy! Monkey toys aren't cheap, and he doesn't work for singles. He's a high class monkey!"
Mister Steve picked up a microphone from the scoring table and went back to the man he had received the bill from and handed him both the bill and the microphone.
"Mister Steve wants you to explain what you're up to, sir. He doesn't like being taken advantage of."
"I gave him a hundred. I swear! I don't know where this dollar came from."
"Well, since you promised him a hundred, Mister Steve is going to get it out of you one way or another!"
As the announcer said that, Mister Steve jumped up on a chair and produced a different bill from the guy's pocket, presumably the hundred he had been given earlier.
"Mister Steve has your hundred now! He picked your pocket! That's what you get for trying to cheat an astute monkey like Mister Steve."
While the crowd applauded, Mister Steve held his empty hand out and dangled the hundred in his other like he was willing to trade with the man.
"It looks like Mister Steve is feeling sorry for you sir. He is offering your hundred back for his one."
"I don't think I'll be making that trade. I'm keeping this dollar bill and framing it. Mister Steve here can keep that hundred I gave him."
The man took a photo of himself and Mister Steve as he made his pronouncement on the microphone. The monkey bowed to the man and kissed the hundred dollar bill, then ran back to the court, where he did a lap around the court and bowed as the crowd in the nearly full arena cheered like it was finals. Then Mister Steve bounded off toward the lockers.
Despite knowing that the monkey was intelligent, I sat there and watched him rather than scan his physic granules or look for his monkey midbrain. Normally, I would be all business and would have kept on task, but for that short period of time, watching the spooky behavior of a monkey with human-like intelligence trumped beating The Followers in a popularity contest.
"Why didn't you knock him out, Ysenof? Did you at least get a good look inside his noggin?"
"You're dangerously deficient in the delighted diversion department, Mr. Clark. That was the most awesome blossom monkey maneuver ever! I'm glad you belayed and delayed the monkey nad gnashing portion of the program, Ysenof."

40.End
41_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"Monkey Mayhem Nearly Derails Sun Devil Pursuit of NCAA Finals"
by Kenneth Araiti

The Arizona State Sun Devils basketball team debuted an interesting new mascot at the semi-finals of the NCAA championships. Then, a mascot mishap almost cost them the game.
The rhesus macaque known as Mister Steve wowed and charmed the crowd in New Orleans in an exhibition before the ASU-Florida game. When the team and their simian sidekick returned to the hardwood for their final warm-up, the monkey became disturbed in a confrontation with a member of the audience. He somehow managed to get to a perch on the top of one of the backboards and subsequently fell.
Although the monkey's owner, Tammy Erekson, claimed that Mister Steve was recovering and would be fine, the team was shaken by the accident. Team leaders Seth Cohen and Ches Thone rushed to the little mascot's aid and were joined by their teammates. The angry players nearly ended up in a brawl that could have led to injuries and ejections from the arena. Fortunately, the situation was resolved peacefully. "It was kind of horrible seeing the little guy that way," said Ches Thone.
Despite the distraction, ASU came out strong against the Gators. Still, it became evident that they were not their usual dominant selves later in the first half. Particularly, the Dynamic Duo seemed lethargic. "We got scared twice in one night, both wildlife-related," Cohen joked after the game.
The Florida Gators had a second half comeback and Ches Thone went out of the game with five minutes left on the clock. The Gators cut ASU's lead to five, but in the last half minute of the game, ASU got key plays, a block from backup center Bruce Napetch and a steal from Cohen to finish the game out.
A veterinarian confirmed that Mr. Steve was uninjured. The man that scared the monkey was also unharmed and was escorted away from the court. Arizona State faces Kentucky in the championship game Monday evening.

41_epigraph.End
41.Start

The wait until the team and Mister Steve came out of the locker room was interminable. There was other entertainment, but the fact that I let the monkey go had me fixated on looking for another opportunity. It turned out that I did not get one. Mister Steve returned to the court at the same time as the team did for warm-ups.
My plan was to deplete the physic kids' muscles of energy by splitting their glycogen stores down into individual glucose monomers. Then I would split the glucose into lactic acid. Glycogen is a chain structure composed of connected glucose subunits, which means it is a polymer of glucose and a dense store of energy. Glucose is normally metabolized into carbon dioxide and water during aerobic respiration and lactic acid during anaerobic respiration. Mitochondria can still metabolize lactic acid into carbon dioxide and water, but not as efficiently or fruitfully as they metabolize glucose. I expected that reducing some of their energy stores to lactic acid would make the physic kids sluggish and give Florida a chance to win the game.
The plan was predicated upon having minimal interruption. The monkey and Leon, the kid with the glial physic granules like us, were supposed to be dealt with before Thone and Cohen, but the task was at best half done. Leon was probably not functional, but probably was not a threat to begin with. The monkey was an unpredictable obstacle. I had experienced two duels with the physic Herman Fite. I had managed to survive them, but I had not defeated him on my own, and most certainly had not been able to multi-task while fending him off. Mister Steve would not be as formidable in skill or power, but would be more difficult to handle than some defenseless kids. It was unlikely that John would be able to rescue me from the ferocious monkey either. Then, I also had to consider that Mister Steve might go after someone other than me.
Fortunately, I had two games in which to deal with The Followers' plans for an ASU national championship. Clearly, the first priority was to disable the monkey. He ran around the court during warm-ups. As I have mentioned before, I do not deal well with moving targets, especially those that are not moving in a predictable pattern. A crazed monkey cheering on a basketball team definitely qualifies as unpredictable.
What I did have going for me was that he would likely move to protect Thone and Cohen. If I got too close to them, he would have to come after me. We were seated behind the ASU bench, but not particularly close to the basket where the ASU players were warming up.
"Pauline, you're being summoned for security cleanup in Aisle Three. Ysenof is running and gunning a sortie and solicits a wonder-wing-woman to watch his rear extremity!"
"I'm going too, Ysenof. I'll be damned if I'm going to let you two screw this up. Who're you going after, Cohen and Thone? That monkey is all over the court."
"Ysenof respectfully rejects your rude and crude coterie crashing claim, Mr. Clark! You're an unprotected underbelly with no upside potential in this particular proliferation. The monkey Mister Steve could cleave and reave you without reprieve!"
"I've survived this long. I think I can handle a monkey quite fine."
"Ysenof announces and pronounces the operation is off if you insist and persist!"
"Fine. But if this starts to go sideways, I'm coming down."
Pauline grabbed me by the hand and led the way down to the hoop. I think she hurt a few people on the way out of the row, but that was nothing compared to the havoc she wreaked upon the Superdome security staff. She "accidentally" knocked out or injured six of them on the way down to the floor. Mostly, she kicked them in the shins or caught them in a soft spot with a stray arm. It took security a while to catch on to the situation, but not the monkey. He made a crazy charge toward me, slid off my shield, then scampered up the ASU mascot and jumped up to the Plexiglass backboard.
My approach to knocking the monkey unconscious was different than what I had done in the past. I suspected that his physic granule network was more responsible for his conscious activity and higher order thought than his neuronal network. Instead of scrambling neuronal membranes in what I thought would be his monkey midbrain, I went after his astrocytes. The intent was to disrupt all of the physic granules and his neurons in that region of his brain by depriving them of energy. He simply kept coming when I did this, but that was not unexpected. His neurons would have to significantly deplete their resources of oxygen and glucose before anything would happen.
When he perched on the top of the backboard, I took a look to make sure I had damaged the astrocytes in his midbrain. He tried to do something to me, I am not sure what, because his effort was, quite frankly, pathetic. He could not muster anywhere near the energy that Fite had been able to. There was a feeble vibration in the molecular cushion around me, which I did not in fact notice until the crowd gasped. Mister Steve fell off the backboard and hit the ground at my feet. Apparently, his midbrain neurons and granules had finally run low on glucose or oxygen.
One of the kids, I am not sure if it was Thone or Cohen, ran over and started yelling and tried to push me. The rest of the ASU team was not far behind. It was almost the perfect situation. I did my best to ignore them and went to work on their glycogen stores.
I did not want or need to break down all of the glycogen in their legs. In fact, there was a fine line between impairment and critical condition. I did not want to put them in a coma from too much glucose and lactic acid in their bloodstream. I merely needed to make sure there were sizeable pockets where there were few glycogen stores, little glucose and a lot of lactic acid.
I was standing over the prone monkey, so when the players pressed in to retrieve him, they slid past. I was completely surrounded by angry ASU players, which was quite uncomfortable. Somehow, I managed to work on Thone and Cohen despite this. When I became concerned that I was doing too much, I did a little work on their big man. I would have done more, but security broke us up.
"Are you okay, sir?"
Security did not treat me like the players had. I was a bit surprised when they got through. I had been expecting Pauline to come over and extricate me from the mob of ASU players. She did not, which was a good thing. We did not need her beating up the whole team. If we had wanted to handle the situation that way, I would have haphazardly snapped all of their knee ligaments and called it a day.
I backed away from the monkey and pointed. Fortunately, one of the guards picked him up and took him to get medical attention.
"Did you accidentally slip off that backboard little fella? Here, I'll take you over to the trainers. Maybe they can help you."
Instead of Pauline, John came in to rescue me from the other security guards. They did not seem to be as friendly as the one that took care of Mister Steve.
"Excuse Ysenof, gentlemen. He's autistic and has a tendency to wander off. I'll get him back to his seat now if you don't mind."
"Just make sure you keep an eye on him, sir."
"Don't worry, I'll keep a very close eye on him from here on out."
We returned to our seats while the ASU basketball team returned to their pre-game preparations. Exactly like them, my evening's work was only beginning. We were close enough to the bench for me to target the Sun Devils. John was in charge of prioritizing my targets. Thone and Cohen were my primaries, but we expected them to spend very little time in the bench area if our plan went as expected. Still, my work on them was not finished.
Besides depriving the kids of energy, breaking up their glycogen stores left a significant quantity of heat in their muscles. A lot of that lost energy had been dispersed as photons that were absorbed by their muscles. I was able to manipulate the emanations to continue a chain reaction of glucose mayhem, but each successive stage in the series of broken chemical bonds had to be estimated at the beginning. All of the unpredictable, random molecular interaction eventually overwhelmed my choreography, requiring more energy input from me to continue the ongoing process.
Most of the photons were still being otherwise absorbed and were raising the temperature of the physic kids' muscles. As their bodies got warmer, their metabolic processes would become less efficient. Some proteins would not fold properly, making them interact differently than usual. Chemical reactions would occur slower than usual or in the wrong direction. The kids would feel tired or weak. This is what I wanted, and I would continue to help the process along by using their energy reserves to heat them up while they were playing the game.
As I was starting to make a significant dent in my own glycogen stores, Pauline showed up with a half dozen pretzels and two huge drinks. The pretzels were mostly mangled and the cups no longer full of soda due to her grip causing overflow, but it was exactly what our hungry physic granules needed. It felt a bit like one of the many snacks we had shared back in the FBI office and the house.
"I bring you sustenance, Ukemi Senshi."
"The crunching and munching punching bag warrior bids you thousand thanks for your considerable contribution to the chow tanks!"
The Florida Gators were well configured to match up against Arizona State. Their top three scorers were all guards, who were also the top three in assists. The most successful tactic for dealing with the Sun Devils was to get a lot of guards on the floor and keep the ball away from Thone and Cohen. This tactic had not netted a win against the Dynamic Duo, but had produced periods of parity in some games.
It did not show at the beginning of the game. ASU jumped out to a ten point lead in the first couple of minutes, powered by steals from Thone and Cohen. However, it was evident that they were not going after steals as aggressively as they had against Arizona. One of the Duo, Thone, seemed to be less energetic, so I concentrated on taking him out of the game when he was in range. I figured avoiding one player would be decidedly easier for Florida to accomplish.
If I had the decision to make again, I would have selected Cohen to incapacitate instead. According to John, Thone was the smarter player. What I took as evidence that he was more tired was instead his being more efficient. This became evident when he had better stats than Cohen for the game despite the fact that I had spent considerable effort trying to subtly stymie his play.
Despite the fact that Cohen slowed down to Thone's pace by halftime, Florida was still down by over twenty points. This might sound like I had failed, but it was the closest halftime score that the Sun Devils had all season. ASU's full court press was stifling, even after I had sabotaged their two physic stars.
The Sun Devils were used to relying heavily on reserves in the second half. According to John, they would play Thone and Cohen for the first few minutes to ensure the momentum of the game was still going in their favor, then the two would usually play sporadically after that.
The game against Florida did not work out that way. Thone and Cohen played more than they usually did, despite my tinkering. They had sat out for a few minutes each during the first half, which was quite normal for them. However, they did not have a big scoring run to start the second half like they normally did. Their starting center became particularly lethargic and had to be sidelined. That, combined with their less stellar than usual press defense, led to a stalemate in the early part of the second half.
Finally, when Thone came out of the game mid-way through the second half, Florida went on a scoring run that cut the lead down to as low as ten, but settled in the low teens. By and large, the Sun Devils did best when Thone was on the floor during that game, despite the additional pressure I was putting on him. This was when I began to think I had made a serious mistake in my choice of whose glycogen to burn and muscles to overheat. The observation later led to my inquiry to John on the matter.
When ASU's lead continued to fluctuate between ten and fifteen at the five-minute mark, it became evident that my plan was not likely to yield a Florida victory. I was not even sure that crippling Thone and Cohen would achieve my objective. The rest of the team seemed up to the task of filling in for the three key players I had compromised.
I decided to take Thone out of the game anyhow. However, instead of ripping his anterior cruciate ligament and leaving it at that, I decided to do something more subtle. I damaged many collagen fibers in the posterior cruciate ligament of his right knee, enough so he could not move it without significant and scary pain. The fact that I needed a stoppage in play for the opportunity was convenient, because it also prevented him from making the injury worse due to stress. It was the last thing I did to affect the game, so it was up to the Florida Gators' final minute rally aptitude to finish the job for me.
Without Thone and the starting center on the floor, it looked like Florida might manage to win. They brought the lead down to five points with about thirty seconds left, an eternity in college basketball at the end of the game, and plenty of time to get the win. Then the inexplicable happened. ASU's backup center blocked a shot on one of Florida's possessions and Cohen got a steal on the next, which he returned for a lay-up.
Florida was done after that.

41.End
42.Start

The game between Kentucky and Louisville was in some ways similar to the game between ASU and Florida. Kentucky led for most of the contest. Then, Louisville made a comeback to tie the game before Kentucky pulled away to win. The sports commentary about the upcoming contest focused on sluggish play by the Dynamic Duo. After the Florida game, many writers were beginning to believe that Kentucky had a chance. The theories on the cause of ASU's close call ran from the mundane to the absurd, and were often the centerpiece of a prediction of a close Kentucky win or a blow-out win by ASU.
I still had decisions to make in an uncertain environment. I did not know the status of the monkey or the other mixed granule physic, Leon. I could easily injure Thone and Cohen so they would not be able to play in the championship game. The best way to ensure they would not get miraculously repaired was to wait to do the damage during the Finals. I would be able to get that done, even from our seats. I was very tempted to go for the sure thing and not let them on the court, but eliminating them from the competition that way would not make good theater.
I still wanted ASU to lose with both of them on the floor, struggling to win. Then, if they had career ending injuries later, they would end up as footnotes in the NCAA record books. Their path to fame would be curtailed significantly. It turned out that John wanted results more than I did.
"Ysenof, I got you a room to work from in the Sheraton that is directly below Thone and Cohen's room. You're going to make sure that they can't win finals, because you'll have all night to do it."
"How did you manage that, John?"
"It took a good chunk out of my savings, Pauline, but it will be worth it if this works."
"I think it slipped your sweet mind meat how exceptional and indispensable I was, Mr. Clark. You couldn't con that couple's quarters without my inventive extrasensory insight! Confess and come clean, I'm no routine magic bean to this team."
"You're definitely one of a kind, Abby."
"Did you perceive the pronouncement of the critical Clark, Pauline? I'm not routine!"
It was a little uncomfortable moving into the Sheraton where we had ambushed The Followers in the bathroom. I was worried about the hotel staff recognizing us and trouble following.
Parking for the Sheraton was adjacent to the building, but was valet only, so there were no conventional options to enter the hotel without going through the lobby. As a result, we chose to park elsewhere and approach the hotel on foot. When we got near the building, I checked the security DVRs to make sure they had not replaced the hard drives that contained damaged SATA receive lines.
I found that the Sheraton had replaced their DVRs with brand new hardware. Apparently someone had checked the video after the events three days previous, so I had to redo the procedure on the SATA receive lines.
"Ysenof is giving the go ahead on security superiority. It's time to giddy up and go with solidarity!"
"Okay Ysenof, buzz us..."
"Hold the show unless you want an alarm to blow! A person is passing, let's not go crashing."
"How about just one of us tells Ysenof when he can open doors, Abby?"
"You don't have to be mean and obscene, Mr. Clark. You should be quicker on the call to foil failure!"
"Ysenof, despite what Abby says, we are clear to go in."
Opening the electronic locks was trivial, because I had already figured out which nodes to charge on the door in the ballroom and all of the locks in the hotel were similar. John got us through to the service elevator and the third floor without incident once Abby stopped interfering.
Little sleep was had the night before the final between Kentucky and Arizona State. I went to work on the Duo's glycogen stores, but that is not all I did. I had worked out the densities of broken collagen fibers that constituted good and bad muscle damage in my efforts to bulk up. I did not want to do real damage to them, only impair their performance on the following day. Therefore, I gave them the equivalent of an exceedingly hard workout.
I also did not only work on the muscles in their legs like I had the previous day during the game. I depleted glycogen stores throughout their musculature and also added distributed muscle workout grade mayhem for good measure. Thone and Cohen were going to feel awful for the finals game. I was a little worried that I was going overboard and was depleting their energy stores too significantly or causing too much inflammation. I did not want one of them collapsing before or during the game, or for them to have organ failure due to the products of massive cell death.
My plans for the evening were more ambitious than merely physically depleting the Duo for their upcoming game against Kentucky. I wanted to go after their physic granules. In light of how the cripple Gyp had got up while he was unconscious in the bathroom when I used the ultra-ray on him, I decided to leave the granule depletion task for last. At about three AM, I started cracking physic granules in the dorsal midbrain of the one I thought was Cohen. That woke them both up immediately. John was on the watch for the "enemy" as he liked to put it, so he reacted faster than I.
"Everyone, get up! They're up to something. Not only are the Dismal Duo stirring, the other physica are moving too. Whatever you did Ysenof, they didn't like it. Maybe you should have tried being a little more subtle. It's time to finish up and bug out."
Pauline and Abby had been napping while I worked and John kept watch. Even though I could see the Duo through the ceiling in the infrared spectrum, I think both of the women reacted faster than I did to the decision to vacate the room. I learned that there would be no surreptitious incapacitation of physic granules in the physic kids. They would have to be held down, exactly like Leon had been in the bathroom.
"Hurry up, Ysenof. We need to get out before they get down here. We might be able to come back later and use this room again if they don't find us."
On our way down the elevator, John suddenly hit the third floor button and the elevator stopped.
"Get out. They have someone waiting for us on two. We're going out the way we came in."
We simply blew out the back door without regard for who was in our way. When we came to a door with an electronic lock, I triggered it open while John pretended to swipe his card in case someone was present to see. It was not an elegant exit, but it was quick, and we got away without running into security.

42.End
43_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"Sun Devils Crushed Without Duo"
by Kenneth Araiti

It was the best of days and the worst of days for ASU basketball. The Sun Devils were making their first appearance in the finals of the NCAA Championship. Meanwhile, the two reasons they were there, the Dynamic Duo, were on crutches, watching from the sideline. It seemed to be a jest or a mistake. There had been no warning. It was a joke, but not the kind that is funny, a cosmic tragedy like the one played on Icarus who dared to fly too high, too close to the sun. Someone was saying that Sun Devils aren't supposed to win it all.
It didn't take long for the Kentucky Wildcats' NBA bound starters to build a crushing lead on the overmatched Sun Devils. By halftime, Kentucky was up by 27 and Wildcats fans were celebrating their eighth NCAA championship. Some of the ASU fans had found the exits. Those that remained were hard to notice. There were no clever monkey tricks to amuse, merely a depressed devil with a fork that Wildcats didn't fear.
The second half was much of the same as the Wildcats coasted to the largest margin of victory in the NCAA finals, 83-46. It was the best of days for the Wildcats and the worst of days for the Sun Devils.

43_epigraph.End
43.Start

I had hoped to have an opportunity to get another look at the Dynamic Duo on the day of the game so I could decide if more work was necessary. They would probably have some quiet time in their room before the game. However, it seemed unlikely that a return trip to the hotel would yield meaningful progress. The Chosen would most likely be on the alert for us and probably had moved Thone and Cohen into a different room.
I was quite certain that I had done more than enough damage to allow Kentucky to win the game. The question was whether The Chosen had a functioning general purpose physic with the skill to repair the damage I had done. Conventional treatment and nutrition would not get them in shape.
While I slept in that morning, John and Pauline went on a scouting trip to see if they could discern what The Followers were up to. It was not advisable for them to have gone out and risked being recorded by hotel surveillance. It was unlikely the hard drives at the hotel had been replaced over a matter of hours, but they had no way to know. I found out they had taken the risk the hard way when Abby interrupted my rest well before I was ready to get up.
"Wakey, wakey! Mr. Clark says the slippery simian has split the city. He wasn't haunting the hotel while you cooked those crummy cheaters' cartel! Mr. Clark and Pauline have been rolling and trolling and have noticed neither hide nor hair. Mr. Clark thinks you voodoo-dolled and grand-malled the monkey to a curtain call. Did you whack him, waste him, wipe him out, Ysenof? He deserves death, destruction and decimation after dealing brain damage and a bomb to your mom!"
I had not killed Mister Steve, not on purpose. I also did not think that I had done so accidentally. It certainly was possible since my experience was with the physic human brain, not a rhesus macaque like Mister Steve. But I still did not think I had killed him. His absence created a sense that I did not know what was going on, which had me worried about our plans for the finals. It came down to the mysteriously missing monkey being an unknown. I rely on knowing ahead of time what I am going to do, so a potential surprise was not welcome.
In preparation for a busy evening, my mom made waffles for all of us. I felt way too stressed to concentrate on making my proprietary recipe. I hate waiting to do a task, especially something I anticipate to be challenging or do not know what to expect. The important business of the future occupies my mind instead of the mundane present. Sometimes, I can manage to make waffles on these occasions, but not this time.
We arrived at the game early. I was happy to stop waiting to go to the arena, but I was not sure showing up early made a difference in our plan. The pre-game entertainment was not as interesting as Mister Steve. At one point, there were quite a few fans chanting for him, but we knew he would not make an appearance. As we waited, I had a bad feeling about what was going to happen.
The waters became murkier when ASU came out to warm up. Thone and Cohen were not with the team. I started to wonder if they were trying to avoid a repeat of the incident before the semifinal. It seemed like a long wait before the teams were announced and the Dynamic Duo appeared on crutches.
"I'll be damned! They're going to throw the game."
"This is a foul failure, Mr. Clark! Ysenof's mind matter is a dweller in the cellar of the bummer barn. They're premeditated to participate in the astounding pounding as the Wildcats stand and deliver unplanned disfavor!"
"I actually don't care, Abby. ASU is going to get humiliated on this court tonight, like they deserve, and those two little shits will experience every second while I watch. As far as days go, they don't get much better than this."
John had to wait ten minutes into the game as Kentucky adjusted to ASU without Thone and Cohen, but once they did, it was indeed a massacre. John cheered so hard for Kentucky that his voice went hoarse. I was afraid that there would be long-term consequences the way his voice was cracking.

43.End
44_epigraph.Start
Text from Ysenof to John

The Followers are not in contact with the physic granule researchers. Focus on Angelle Forstow.

44_epigraph.End
44.Start

The trip home added to my considerable exhaustion. Our activities at the Final Four had taken a lot out of me. I do not sleep well in foreign environments, nor do I deal well with being around crowds. I have only so much capacity for sensory stimulus and people in groups have a tendency to overload me. Add to that all of the physic work under unusual conditions and the stress of it drained me. I was so exhausted that I passed out on the flight back to Phoenix.
I did not have pressing business when we got back to Phoenix. My telescope was not expected to arrive for quite a while and the next Nemesis implant was the better part of a month away. This gave me time to sit down and think about the origin of physic granules and what my next objectives were.
I knew there were two implant stations. One of the two worked mostly autonomously, but I conjectured that it could receive commands when necessary. The other worked exclusively as directed by satellite communication as far as I could tell. There was evidence that both implant stations could communicate with Pauline subconsciously. Further, Abby reported disruption in her physic hearing when near the Followers' hall, which was blocked by the filter on settings that worked to block Chosen interference. Therefore, it seemed likely that the implant stations could communicate with or possibly even influence the physic kids. Leon's behavior when he was unconscious suggested there was a mechanism at play that could be exploited.
What I did not understand was why the experimenters were working by remote control. It would be simpler to manage the system while co-located with it. I could think of exactly three explanations for why the system would be organized as it was. First, the experimenters might want to avoid association with the systems when they were eventually discovered. The problem with this explanation was there were less scrutinized places to do human experimentation than Phoenix, Arizona. Second, the experimenters might have a lot of implant devices running all over the world. This seemed extremely unlikely, because there would be no reason not to have more than one device installed in Phoenix metro area hospitals. Third, the experimenters had no choice but to work remotely, because they were not physically located on Earth. I did not like this explanation, but the instructions coming from the Moon supported it. The idea made me completely rethink what the implant stations truly were.
I was beginning to wonder if the telescope I had ordered would be sufficient to look for the source of the communications on the Moon. Several high resolution imaging satellites had already mapped the Moon and found nothing. What chance did I have from Earth? I spent considerable effort perusing satellite tracking sites on the internet and asking amateur astronomers questions. The conclusion was that there was no known human launched satellite that matched the path I observed. One guy suggested that I was trolling them with Moon data, which turned out to be not far from the truth.
The telescope I was going to use to find out where exactly on the Moon the signal was coming from was a 32-inch Ritchie-Chretien model. I had lucked out in that an order had fallen through. An Optical Guidance Systems chassis with Star Instruments optics had already been assembled, and no one else wanted it. The ceramic reflectors had not been polished yet, but I told them to ship it as it was. I wanted to do the polishing myself, since I could do it more accurately than they could.
My initial impression had been that the telescope would be overkill for what I needed, but it was becoming apparent that I was probably wrong. The most important part of the whole package was a custom astronomy camera built by the Lincoln Lab at MIT. It was a twenty-five megapixel, three chip array of Orthogonal Transfer CCDs.
The key attribute of the CCD array was that it could filter out aberrations created by currents and dust in the atmosphere. If you remember my earlier discussion of viewing objects at a distance, then the importance of this piece of electronics becomes evident. I could make up for a lack of proximity to my target and the small reflector size in my telescope with a longer exposure time to take a picture. However, moving moisture and dust in the atmosphere introduce aberrant light that masks the light coming from the object that is further away. By having the MIT camera, most of this noise would be filtered out and I could get a better result with the extremely long exposure times that would be necessary.
I got the camera, not because it came with the telescope, but because I was well known at MIT. I had been providing high purity samples of bismuth 209 to the material physics department for years, so my name had gotten around in a good way.
While I was contemplating my marginally useful telescope, the origin of physic granules, and my next project, John was working hard on the Hochsteen-Forstow connection between the FBI and The Followers. My text to him on the matter had encouraged him to focus on what he wanted with a vengeance.
Specifically, John was looking for evidence that Angelle Forstow was involved in passing FBI information to The Followers. He started by searching her computer while it was on the FBI network, but his intention was to invade very last nook and cranny of her and Sam's lives. It was almost certain that it had been Agent Forstow who had verified that we had tapped the meeting hall cameras, and it was probable that she had passed on information from Followers related cases. He merely needed to find out where the evidence was hidden. That was why he had Abby helping him.
John did not abandon the notion that more investigation of The Followers during their group events was necessary, but he became more focused on the events connected to Sam and the Chosen she spent the most time with. We were certain that the physic kids could communicate wordlessly, but had only a vague idea as to the content and pervasiveness of that communication. John and Abby's outings were focused on getting a more accurate picture of their network and pulling information from the communication.
John was becoming quite adept at distinguishing individual physica and claimed that he was sensing connections between them. Abby spent her time listening in on their Broca's activity and repeated what she heard for a recording so we could try and make sense of it.
I do not know how John and Abby managed to spend hours on end in the same vehicle, because they mixed like oil and water without an emulsifier. That is what my past experience told me. When we met to discuss progress and a plan for future outings, I found the situation had not changed.
"We're starting to make some progress on the physic kids. There isn't enough to link Hochsteen to The Followers, but we have a very good start. First of all, the dad of that MGP-Gyp kid, Leon, is a registered arms dealer. I have his name on an arms purchase that could be part of the disappearing arsenal from The Followers' hall. If we can find those weapons, our case gets a lot better."
"I'm totally tuned into your Zenistic mono-mindful mojo, Mr. Clark, and can nearly hear it! Then those shrimparinos' super-sized scramblers shuffle their speech so it sullies the scent. You need to dilate my de-scrambler, Ysenof, because while it's wonderful catching the waves at five by three, I'm continuing to collect the double-triple whammy-whipple!"
"We knew ahead of time that this was the deal, Abby. Pauline, have you made progress on those transcripts from Abby's recordings?"
"I'm making progress, but would like a little more background on these transcripts. I can infer to some degree who was nearby when Abby heard them, but would appreciate it if you would annotate them as well, John."
The discussion of how Abby was having problems hearing the physic kids gave me an idea to improve her reception. I told her that I would install simplified controls on her filter to help her narrow or widen the band that was being blocked. That would help her to find the setting that best suited a situation.
"Ysenof favors my filter fix formulation to straighten my story, Mr. Clark! I might sense the scenario inside out and in stereo, but I'm still receiving the report. The message of the moment is a cacophony of correctness. Steve the master monkey is the foremost physic force!"
"Well, it sounds like it is a red letter day around here. Someone agreed with you, Abby. Unfortunately, you're pointing out the obvious. It's really too bad that we didn't have a chance to scoop up the monkey when Ysenof knocked him out at the Superdome."
"Ysenof says he didn't nastily knock, but induced and seduced an unconscious roost. The monkey wasn't conclusively conked and bonked until he head-banged the hardwood and his chatter chords honked!"
"Whatever. As I was saying, I agree that the monkey should be dealt with, however I don't think he's as important as you're making him out to be. The problem is that as strongly as I'm still interested in Mister Steve, I haven't sensed him since he disappeared in New Orleans. Maybe Ysenof finished him off at the Superdome, and we don't need to worry about him. I just don't know."
"The transcripts..."
"Pauline! Don't steal my sublime sweets, the trophy of my travails! You should have asked the all-knowing Skipper sooner, Mr. Clark. Mister Steve the monkey is mending and tail twirling as we talk! I have the material message on his masked monkey bandito barrel. He's holding and hiding in an East Valley ranch rally. The sensational simian safari of 2012 shall sally!"

44.End
45.Start

After our return from New Orleans, I started to worry about Pauline. More succinctly, I was worried about the threat that Nemesis posed. Obviously, Pauline did too, she had told us from the beginning and it reflected in her actions. She was unwilling to accept the smallest risks to our success.
It seemed that the threat to Pauline was best defined by what was going on in her physic granules. I presumed that new ones were being added, although it was difficult to tell considering how many there were. There was no reason not to conclude that the addition of new granules was changing Pauline, and giving Nemesis more of a foothold in her head. I did not know how to get rid of Nemesis yet, but I had an idea on how to thwart her progress.
I did not want to involve Pauline in my plan in order to keep Nemesis unaware of our activity. I also considered the situation urgent enough to get the ball rolling while John was still in the process of searching the East Valley for Mister Steve. Fortunately, my mom was nice enough to drive Abby and me over to John's so we could put together a plan to help Pauline without endangering everyone on the road between the two residences.
"Ysenof insists upon a parley pertinent to Pauline's problems, Mr. Clark."
"What problems? Has she sent someone to the hospital again?"
"No, Mr. Clark. She sent some physic schoolkids to a lifetime supply of psychotherapy! You were a witness to the offender, remember?"
"Oh, that. I thought we had adopted a policy of not poking the bears in this group with sticks."
"I'm positively proud you've osmosed the tranquil tao of our wookie word work, Mr. Clark, but you're misapplying the make-up! Absorbing the art of not antagonizing Ysenof is a sign of success, but you're still sporting simple socks with your dress. Pauline's Nemesis trauma isn't a trouble with training wheels. You need to put your big boy unicycle undies on to hazard high heels!"
"This may be, but Pauline is also more dangerous when agitated. She doesn't have Ysenof's matrix of crime and punishment to fall back on."
"Now, I realize you're a lily-livered lout that hasn't delivered, Mr. Clark! We thought you were concerned, but we were really being spurned."
"Fine. Do we have any ideas?"
"Ysenof is looking to lullaby and nullify Nemesis, and I'm preparing to pizzazz Pauline's porridge! Pauline has an Asian affinity aura, so I'm thinking we teriyaki that turkey by snarfing sushi and Buddha-rific beauty."
"How are we going to deal with Nemesis? She's inside Pauline's head, right? I thought Ysenof had already decided that excising Nemesis with the ultra-ray was not viable. Has that changed?"
"Ysenof is balleting baby bounds, Mr. Clark. Pauline's tangling with a thundering tide, an alien assault of physic fragments of Jekyll and Hyde! Our maiden mission skit, if we choose to accept it, is to block Nemesis from the implant stock."
"Well, that's easy. All Ysenof has to do is go disassemble those implant contraptions."
"Ysenof appreciates your profound plan, Mr. Clark, but the machines' mechanized mending will intervene. Also, smashing and trashing such a seriously swanky technological toy would slay his soul. He requires a research arrangement so he can subjugate the system. From you he requests a ride to hide his comings and goings."
"Then he should get his mom or Pauline to take him. I'm busy trying to find that stupid monkey."
"Ysenof's sneaking from Nemesis peeking and saving his mom from braving, Mr. Clark!"
"Fine, I'll be the taxi into the mouth of hell. Happy?"
"Fantastico! Now we can steer our sensitive synapsers onto the singularity of the Pauline of pain. We need a scheme for a Pauline dream, a frolicking furlough theme! We could glimpse the Great Wall and gander an oppressively obese orca-ton of sights and sounds to seep and creep then bore into our pores."
"I take it that you want to take Pauline on a vacation, Abby? There's one problem with your plan. What you're suggesting wouldn't be a vacation. You would be there. I'm pretty sure if Pauline wants rest and relaxation, she doesn't want any of us along."
"Why would she want to soar solo, Mr. Clark? You've got your overalls upside down and inside out! Having your principal peeps along to dig your devotion makes a veritably virtuous vacation. Am I incorrect, Ysenof?"
I did not like where this conversation was going. We were all deeply flawed individuals, however some of us were less aware of it than others. John thought that his lack of obvious, debilitating flaws made him better than the rest of us. He somehow did not understand that all it meant was that he was the mediocre one. It also meant that he did not think much of going straight at someone's soft underbelly.
One might think of Abby's and my social deficits as two sides of the same coin. This is not completely obvious at first glance. Abby seems to be an able communicator, although quite eccentric with her turns of phrase. This distracts attention from the imbalance in her communication. Where I am challenged to translate my thoughts into communication, she is the opposite. She can communicate effortlessly, but finds it difficult to create cohesion amongst the fragmented thoughts and emotions in her brain.
This is not a problem in and of itself. However, it creates a social situation similar to my own, yet different, and in some ways, tragically far worse. Abby's words are so close to her emotions and her enthusiasm for the act of communicating is so great that she is perceived as uncomfortably and inappropriately friendly. As someone that is good at communicating and likes to communicate, Abby needs to be around other people. So, when they rebuff her, it is devastating.
We both have deficits that make the words come out wrong. The difference is that Abby cares a whole lot more than I do. She never had the option to be smart and simply shut up. John did not know it, but he was getting dangerously close to spontaneous human combustion territory. My "matrix" did not have an entry corresponding to the punishment for putting me in that situation. I tried to logically explain how I occasionally liked having a break from the deluge of chatter, but that only made the situation worse.
"You can't feint a Franco-German retreat in Russia, Ysenof! You crave collaboration with Mr. Clark, longing and lusting for a vacation liberation. Maybe Pauline and I will option our own Oriental dream scene sensation! You're a perfectly pickled pair of pucker-puff prostration!"
We made Abby cry and run away. Thankfully, she did not have a car with her. My mom did the right thing and took her back home without waiting for me. If you do not count the Abby meltdown, the meeting did not go that badly.
"You're going to need that ride to the mouth of hell, aren't you?"

45.End
46.Start

Abby did not actually have an address or even a city for the ranch that the monkey was allegedly staying at, so it was up to John to find him. He spent a couple of days driving around the East Valley to find the ranch where the monkey was staying. There were varying levels of surprise at the development. Information extracted from the physic kids by Abby was always questionable. However, it was becoming accepted that the raw information was reliable while context and the identity of the source were not.
I was conflicted between finishing the tweaks on Abby's interference filter I had been working on and making visits to the implant stations in preparation for Nemesis' next implant outing. Researching the telescopes, specifically Cassegrain reflectors, had given me insight into the purpose of some structures in physic granules. I was applying those principles to the placement of reflective elements in the amplifier-filters I had built for Abby and John, as well as in the globe that monitored the physic infants at the hospital.
"Ysenof, are you done working on the upgrade to our contraptions yet?"
Fortunately, John had Abby along with him to help us communicate.
"Ysenof says our supercharged physic filter-amps should suffice, but proper procedure entails testing."
"Well, put it on Abby, so we can go test it."
"We're starting our simian scouting sortie, Mr. Clark? I'm ready and raring for a backdoor black-of-night ops outing! My eye black is burning a burrow in my bureau and forming a furrow on my forehead. I'll get my go-go-gear grabby-gunny!"
Abby running off to get her gear bag and eye black gave me a rare chance to be with John alone. I handed him a check that I had been meaning to give him for a while.
"What is this for? That is a lot of zeroes."
I pointed to the field for explaining what a payment is for.
"For licensing and incorporation consultation services to Ysencorp. I don't think I can accept this, Ysenof."
I went back to the finishing touches on the amplification and filtering headgear and ignored John. Once Abby returned, he gave up trying to return the check and focused on getting himself and Abby ready for their reconnoiter mission that evening. Abby was not overly dramatic with her eye black either. Reconnaissance is a little more tricky to perform on a mostly deserted private ranch than in a residential neighborhood.
"The two of you look like SEALs preparing to raid Osama bin Laden."
"You've got to get in the game, Pauline! We're gonna be super sneaky snooper troopers ferreting The Followers' sinister secret stash at their clandestine compound while they crash!"
"We're merely going out to count bad guys at the ranch where the monkey is holed up. You're welcome to come if you'd like, but it's probably only going to be boring surveillance."
"Sure, I'm in. They might have guns and notice you guys."
While the three of them got ready, I reviewed John's East Valley search path from the GPS in his car. I was impressed by how well he did an efficient search with little or no planning. I would have been hard pressed to plan as efficient a path myself. That made me wonder whether it was merely his learning from experience or a function of the spatial sensory capabilities of his physic granules. I would have liked to explore the mechanism in more depth, but there was too long a list of more important things to do.

46.End
47_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The Arizona Republic at AZCentral.com:
"Gunfight at the Circle J Ranch"
by Tatianne Hiker

Like its 130 year-old cousin in Tombstone, there are more questions than facts surrounding the gunfight at the Circle J Ranch.
"A dirty dime o' desperados are down" was part of the emergency message radioed to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Department in the early evening hours Monday night. When the Sheriff's Deputies responded to the call from the east valley property, they found the compound in chaos.
"There was a path of destruction through the main building," said Doug McCammon, Captain of Maricopa District 6, headquartered in Queen Creek. "The preliminary investigation suggests no detonation of explosives, but there's some structural damage and injuries we haven't figured out yet."
The explosives that Captain McCammon spoke of are part of an impressive armory. Authorities didn't specify the size of the arsenal, but a source reported that there were multiple Saab Bofors Dynamics AT4 single shot 84mm rocket launchers, a weapon designed for urban combat and used frequently by NATO forces in Iraq. Maripoca County Sheriffs are working with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives on the case.
Seven men are dead, and two sustained injuries during the altercation that is puzzling authorities. There is no definitive evidence of outside participation in the incident, suggesting the fight was a quarrel between some of the nine residents of the ranch.
"The compound appears to have had a surveillance system, but the digital video recorder is missing," said McCammon. "I'd really like to see the footage of what happened here, because this one is a real head-scratcher."
The message broadcast on the public emergency band by shortwave radio was transmitted by an unknown person. "It sounded like a kid," said one of the initial responders, veteran Deputy Sheriff Bill Coleman. "It sounded like they'd watched too many old trucker movies. It was some pretty outrageous stuff, I barely understood what they were trying to get at."

47_epigraph.End
47.Start

The scouting mission out to the Circle J Ranch had yielded significant intelligence. Both John and Abby had learned new information about the inhabitants. The only physic at the ranch was the monkey, but there were also nine men residing there, survivalist style. They had an arsenal, which matched the weapons that had disappeared from The Followers' meeting hall.
John did not like the plan that would exclude him from the actual assault. However, he could not disagree that he would be more useful guiding us to our objectives than in the middle of the action. I would be there to knock out surveillance and verify the presence of the rocket launchers in the garage that we hoped would link back to the elder Mumey and The Followers. Pauline and Nemesis would hopefully occupy the enemy, and between us, we would gently grab or otherwise immobilize the monkey. We had more than enough to do. Protecting John did not need to be added to the list.
Although John, Abby and Pauline had done a thorough job of scouting the Circle J Ranch, there was still substantial preparation to be done before we charged in, snatched the monkey and set them up for their illegal arms downfall.
The first order of business for Pauline and me was to make sure that our blood streams would be glucose rich during the operation. Therefore, I decided to make waffles, which with Pauline to feed, was not a trivial undertaking. Making enough of my proprietary waffle batter for a few people is a bit of work. Pauline eats more than a few people all by herself, and I was not making food only for her. Unlike regular cooking, the amount of work when using physic talents to make batter scales linearly with volume. In other words, making batter for two is roughly twice the work as making batter for one.
The objective of the meal was not traditional carb-loading. There would not be enough time for our bodies to build glycogen to store in our muscle tissue. It was not going to make a whole lot of difference for Pauline, either. She digested food so quickly that the contents of her stomach could not act as storage. However, for me it would prove helpful to have a steady stream of carbohydrate coming into my system while I was performing several strenuous physic tasks.
Before we went out to the ranch, we needed to cut off their communications in case they decided to call for reinforcements or the authorities during our raid. There was only one cellular tower in useful range, a benefit of the remote location. It was not difficult to find it because, while I could not modulate or demodulate the many 3G or LTE communication protocols, I could recognize cellular band base station signals that were strong enough to be readable and quickly find the source of the signal.
I knocked the tower out, not by destroying expensive electronic components, but by disabling the DC power converters attached to the expensive electronics. This was done by simply creating open circuits in all of the AC input lines. There was redundancy at the tower, so I disabled base station transmitters until none were left online.
When we got to the driveway leading into the ranch, I cut off their landlines. I could transmute Copper 63 to zinc 64 and nickel 62 exothermically with little effort, so all of the lines I dealt with at the tower and the ranch were easy to melt. At the ranch, I severed both the cable and phone lines, leaving the power line alone. Differentiating cable from the phone was not simple, so I did not know which was which. Fortunately, it did not matter. However, I could easily recognize the 7200 volt AC power line. The trickiest part was Abby's job. The residents of the Circle J Ranch would still potentially have short wave radio available to call for help. We would rely on her to operate a noise transmitter to jam the public emergency channels if someone tried to use the radio for a distress call.
While John and Abby parked at the mouth of the driveway, Pauline drove us to the Circle J compound a couple hundred yards away. As we approached the buildings, my concerns were very different than they would have been for someone else in that situation. I had very little concern for our physical safety. Instead, I was worried about the car being damaged, our presence being recorded by cameras or people, and leaving physical evidence. My concern about the car was not so much about losing an asset as how it could affect the smooth working of our operation. If the car were damaged beyond my ability to repair it, then we might end up leaving behind a super-sized piece of physical evidence. Even if I destroyed it beyond identification, explaining where Pauline's car had disappeared to would be difficult.
Video cameras posed a problem. However, I was not too concerned since I detected the Wi-Fi signal from the wireless card in the DVR almost immediately and was confident that I could find the video evidence of our activities. I was not worried about my genetic material ending up in the house. My shield would limit contamination beyond what the authorities could sort out from what was already present. I considered burning the place down when we left to make sure Pauline did not leave anything behind, but nine men and a monkey lived there with room for a dozen more. It would be difficult for the authorities to dig through all of the muck to find anything from Pauline's brief visit. The mechanisms that made her resilient to harm would minimize her loss of genetic material as well.
Since damage to the vehicle was the greater and most immediate vulnerability, I focused on protecting it from harm. I extended my shield out to protect the front end of the car. The previous time that I had done something like that was when I had prevented Abby from creating a pile-up on Highway 10, which had required me to quickly scarf two packages of granola bars and still had me feeling lightheaded. That had been before my body building efforts, but it was still a good reason to have waffles before the Circle J operation.
By the time we were creeping down the driveway, it was twilight. There was enough ambient light for Pauline to see without headlights, which was good. Bright lights shining down the driveway would have announced our presence to anyone that had the vaguest view whatsoever. Pauline kept the speed of the car low as we traveled down the gravel driveway to avoid creating a cloud of dust that would have been almost as noticeable as headlights.
"The gig is up guys, time to move in fast. You have two bogeys converging to intercept you on the driveway."
We got most of the way to the buildings before John noticed a response. When he warned us over the radio, Pauline gunned the engine and quickly got us into the middle of their compound.
"He's in the main building, straight ahead. Watch out for the two guys coming in on your rear."
"Hurry up and get out, Ukemi Senshi. Try and keep up for a change."
Pauline managed to get out of the car and jump over to my side in time to hasten my exit by pulling on my arm. I was too distracted to notice the expression on her face, it was all I could do to appropriately increase the friction in my shield. The banter and the name told me that Pauline was still with me and keeping the mood light. Maybe she could put off Nemesis taking over.
In this particular case, Pauline's impatience paid off. We managed to get clear of the car before the two men John had warned us about opened fire from behind. We ignored them once it was evident they would not shoot the car. Pauline led the way through the front door of the main house.
"The target is ahead and to your left. He hasn't begun to move yet."
Inside, Pauline entered a rec room to her left where several men were waiting for us. John had not warned about them, but it did not matter. They shot at us with their carbines and pistols as Pauline became the spinning, acrobatic wheel of death, Nemesis. In the meantime, I was torn between three tasks: destroying the surveillance DVR set up in the corner of the room, knocking out a guy that was trying to take cover, and looking for contraband weapons and their serial numbers.
"Straight ahead, Nemesis! He's straight ahead of you! Hurry up, he's starting to move!"
Nemesis reacted quickly to John's instructions, and soon, there was a hole in the wall that she had created in her pursuit. Her recklessness was making it easier for the authorities to potentially find biological material that would establish our presence in the building. I abandoned my indecision about the man, weapons and DVR, and struggled to keep up. As I followed her path of destruction through two rooms, I did my best to heat the incriminating surfaces without creating dangerous radiation. I settled on inciting rapid oxidation with some carefully focused photons, which threatened to burn the building down.
"Fire! Someone get the extinguisher!"
In the first of the two rooms Nemesis had crashed through, several men futilely grabbed at me and struggled with the fire I had started.
"He's circling around counter-clockwise to the left."
When I got to the room where the monkey had been resting, it was empty. The back window had been destroyed, probably by Nemesis as she had pursued the monkey through it. I was supposed to be there to incapacitate the monkey, however it seemed quite unlikely that was going to happen. It took me a few moments to realize that the chase was headed back toward the car and that I should go back the way I had come. After I burned the third hole Nemesis had made in her single-minded pursuit, I turned back to go through the fog of smoke, nitrogen and potassium carbonate that filled the hole behind me.
As I stepped through the fog, my way was blocked by men toting carbines and a fire extinguisher that were pointed at me. They did not pause for very long before they realized that this was a situation where you shoot first and ask questions later.
"He's well past you and on his way toward the road and us, Nemesis. Ysenof, you need to get back to the car so you two can get back here and knock that monkey out!"
I desperately wanted to get back to the car, but for a long moment, I did not know what to do. It did not help that firearms were being discharged in a confined space, nor that I could feel all of those bullets coming at me and passing by. The sensory overload was making it difficult to make higher order decisions.
Despite the fact that the men were fanatics who would likely come to a painful and ignominious end, I was unsure as to how to deal with them. The quickest solution was fusion induced artery destruction. Instead, I went with the more delicate and tedious process of carefully targeting their dorsal midbrains and hippocampi. As I went about this rather clumsily, Nemesis came back through the hole and violently snapped their heads in unnatural angles with a spinning sequence of crescent kicks. That allowed me to stumble past them back into the room where the surveillance DVR was set up.
The most challenging aspect of destroying the incriminating data on the DVR was not the actual destruction of the data, but choosing the method. This particular DVR had two one terabyte hard drives in it. The non-volatile data was on platters rather than in solid state Nand Flash memory cells. From my perspective, there were only two solutions. Either I would remove the data by melting the magnetic grains on the platters by transmuting cobalt 59 to iron 58 and nickel 60, or by electromagnetically erasing them, a procedure known as degaussing. Since there was a risk of data remanence from the degaussing solution, I decided to do the more energy intensive method of transmuting the cobalt in the magnetic grains to iron and nickel.
Right as I had decided to go with the de-magnetizing and melting method, Nemesis chose a more expedient method of dealing with the data on the hard drives. She ripped the cords out of the wall and took the whole DVR.
"Hurry up, Ysenof. We need to get going."
As I followed Nemesis out to the car, I looked for signs of life in the men that were down. I found two near the front door that I thought had a chance of getting back up, so I paused. Before I continued back to the car, I gently disrupted the neuronal membranes in their hippocampi.
"Get your rears back here you two. The monkey is... What?"
That was the last that we heard from John regarding the monkey pursuit. Once I got in the car, Nemesis took off before I got the door closed. Then she proceeded to drive like Abby, except faster. As she did so, I tried to get an idea of where the surplus weapons were being kept. I found what seemed like bulk metal that was not a vehicle in the garage. As we sped away, I did an uncommonly sloppy job of destroying the ignition electronics in their vehicles by repeating the copper 63 to zinc 64 and nickel 62 transmutation and melting trick.
"Attention all you fuzzy critters out there in the desert. We have a sticky situation here at the Circle J Ranch. Lead's been flying fast and furious and a dirty dime o' desperados are down. Send out a convoy of bubblegum machines, because there's a heaping hoard of heavy hardware hiding in the hacienda."
It was a good sign that Abby was executing the last phase of our plan in her usually unpredictable way. She was supposed to be calling the police, and I hoped that someone out there would be able to translate her antiquated movie CB banter and respond appropriately. I was a little less worried, because if she was calling the police, then she and John had not been seriously harmed by Mister Steve.
Nemesis and I were looking for the monkey as we sped down the driveway away from the Circle J compound, but we did not see him in the darkness. Without input from John, we were lost on what to do other than try to follow them back to Phoenix.

47.End
48.Start

The ride to John's house seemed longer than it was. I started transmuting the DVR we took from the ranch into rhodium to keep my mind off of the uncertainties. We did not know what the authorities would do when they got to the Circle J Ranch. We did not even know if they understood Abby's cryptic transmission. I was not sure about what would happen with potential physical evidence or the weapons. Had Nemesis left a stray hair that would be found? Were all of the serial numbers scratched off of the weapons? Would it all be traced back to The Followers? Had I disabled the vehicles, or would the heavy weapons get moved before the police arrived? What had happened with the monkey? I did not know and thinking about the worst case possibilities was making me anxious. Making rhodium helped me work off some nervous energy, but took a little too much thought to be sustainable. I caught myself spacing out a few times.
The plan was that we would stop by John's house first and have one of Pauline's casseroles for dinner. Abby would then ride home with Pauline and me. The idea was that it was less likely that John's neighbors would be able to remember many specifics about our comings and goings. They were not very familiar with us. Also, it would keep my mom out of our trouble.
John and Abby arrived at John's well before we did. I was doubly distracted, so I did not notice when we lost them or if we were ever right behind them. John answered the door when we got there. Abby was not with him, which was definitely unusual. She would want to be there to greet people and talk excitedly about the raid.
"We've got a serious problem here. Give me your granola bars, Ysenof."
I had brought extra granola bars along with me in case things got serious. I had not eaten a single one of them, so I dug out a package from my cargo pockets and gave it to John. He grabbed it and dashed for the kitchen.
"I've got peanut butter!"
As far as I knew, John despised peanut butter, so I did not quite get it until we found them in the kitchen. Abby was teasing Mister Steve with peanut butter granola bars.
"According to the Geneva Convention, I'm not required to provide you with unexpired peanut butter granola goodness, so you'd better behave like a monkey at a Sunday circus!"
On cue, Mister Steve did a dance and a flip, then held his hand out for the granola bar, which Abby gave him.
"He's such a cuddly cutie! His greedy gobbling is so Meerkat Manor!
"That's enough peanut butter baboonery and buffoonery. The terms of Mister Steve's surrender are not a snack-pack, they're a terrorist attack! He proposes that we pass around the proverbial peace pipe with Ysenof and Pauline. He broached the bargain with me because I'm our diplomatic dandy and in-house intercourse virtuoso. Can you murmur with the monkey? No, I didn't think so!"
"Mister Steve has a lot to answer for. What does he have to say about the explosion at the hospital and Ysenof's mom? I think it would be better if I twisted his little head off for him."
"Put a plug in the peevish passion, Pauline. My client is being compliant and would appreciate it if you abstain and refrain from losing your temper and trying to dismember. He cherishes and relishes Ysenof's not rending and ending."
"Abby, ask your client why we should believe this cockamamie story."
"First and foremost, Mr. Clark, he's a funny monkey. Also, he wants to apprentice to Ysenof because Ysenof is obviously awesome! Mister Steve can trade with aid in the form of information on The Followers' crusade!"
"Why do we want a turncoat that is probably lying, Abby?"
"I can detect a Benedict Arnold any time anywhere, Mr. Clark! Mister Steve is the real deal, I declare!"
"Fine. Presuming we can trust this monkey, what does he have to offer? We aren't simply going to let what he's done slide and accept him with open arms."
"Don't worry wart you're pretty piñata, Mr. Clark! He's loaded with lowdown loots if we're in cahoots. He says Leon is a hacker like no other, an electronics egghead cracker! He made cameras kaput and put the seismic shell game smackdown stank in the Bank of America prank!"
"So, it sounds like we wasted our time on that Mumey kid in New Orleans."
"Maybe you're wrong, John. You did get revenge on the bank heist bagman you'd stopped and let go."
"We were looking for the pyrophysic, Pauline, not trying to stop a bank robbery. We had nothing on that kid, so I let him go. If Ysenof had done a better job of finding Mumey's physic granules, maybe we would have stopped him and recovered the cash."
"Mr. Clark's pride and man-hide is sensitive to derailings and failings, Pauline."
"That's nice, Abby. Let's get back to Mister Steve spilling his guts so Ysenof doesn't decide to turn him into a monkey zombie on a stick."
"My client doesn't cherish or relish repeated bombasms being bleated, Mr. Clark. You and your thug ugly could lay off the bad cop, bad cop baby beauty pageant."
"Thug number two wants to know why The Followers attacked us at the hospital and why the lucky monkey lived to set off explosives another day."
"That's a tale of two threads, a grinding and winding way. Let's blast the vast platter of Pauline's primo provisions and be princely with those pleasing peanut butter visions!"
No one was interested in preparing food. We were captivated with what the monkey had to say. I dug out what was left of my granola bars, and hoped I would not need them later. The packages hitting the table prompted Abby to take charge.
"Mister Steve appreciates and acknowledges the virtuous victuals, Ysenof. Why don't you demonstrate your deft multi-tasking mastery, Mr. Clark, and fire up the fast blast furnace? Then, detain some dishes unless you want a Pauline and Ysenof ceramic panic. They're top bananas in terrorist dramas, but no offense Mister Steve, they're monkey poop projectiles in the pantry genre!
"Fantastico! With our starvation situation solved, the Russian novel narration evolves. Steve says The Followers sometimes scramble as part of a program to protect The Chosen chamber. Normally, they sneak and peek then crash the clever cache and secret stash!
"On our fateful meeting and greeting, Steve and Spiedy, the physic phenom, fathomed it was no fake prom. There was no talking or balking. When Pauline pounded and astounded, Steve was agrieved before he was forced to bereave!"
"So, you're saying that they had a stash of weapons at or near the hospital and a plan to use them if necessary? Ysenof and I have spent a lot of time in the hospital since then, and they haven't attacked us once. Why is that?"
"The stash was secreted and unseated from a hospital hidey-hole, which became depleted. Also, surprise Pauline, they weren't starving for a second slaughtering! Ysenof wants some pestering and questioning, too. He's curious about command and control. Is knowing from nothing a normal instigation in The Followers Federation, and can you and The Chosen cultivate conversation?
"Steve says he sometimes projects and detects Tammy's inner secrets. The schemings and dreamings of the bank burgling began and were planned at The Follower fortress! Mumey made off with the moolah, much like the Bank of America!"
"Mister Steve is saying that Pirela had nothing to do with the bank robberies and we need to shakedown Leon Mumey?"
"Mister Steve suggests Mumey is no dummy and has his swag in a crafty crag. But the monkey has class instruction regarding weapons of mass destruction! The survivalist sub-humans were supposed to strip serial numbers, but boy did they blunder! The wily wonder monkey marked and manipulated their military plunder. If the fuzz aren't abuzz they will find the link to sink Mister Money Mumey and the whole hive of villainy!"
"So, he's saying the serial numbers are intact? That puts him ahead of someone that should have gotten a look, but got too distracted as usual. This will be great if it works out, Steve. I thought we had them last month when we raided the headquarters, but they have an FBI agent in their pocket. So, who knows what they can wiggle out of."

48.End
49.Start

We met up with Special Agent Forstow sooner than we had anticipated when the FBI raided our house the day following the showdown at the Circle J Ranch. I was busy exploring the mysteries of Pauline's physic granules in my sound-proofed room, so neither of us heard them knock on the door. Neither did Abby, so my mom answered the door, which was pretty typical of how things worked at the house.
Our first warning was the pounding on my door. Pauline could not unlatch the door, so I was the one to open it for Angelle Forstow.
"Hello, Ysenof. We're here to detain you and Ms. Morcet for questioning regarding an incident last night at the Circle J Ranch and the bombing at St. Joseph's last November."
We had expected that Angelle could end up visiting us regarding the Circle J Ranch. The lack of ATF spoke well for our chances on that front, because it should have been their case. Agent Forstow mentioning the bombing concerned me. It made me wonder what it was that I did not know.
When the FBI took us into custody, they did not read us our rights. They also did not ask us any questions. They did seize all of the electronic equipment in the house as well as Pauline's katana. Unfortunately for them, I had already turned the DVR from the ranch into a new ingot of rhodium the night before. Likewise, Pauline was fastidious about cleaning her sword, which had not been brought to the Circle J Ranch or the hospital for that matter.
I made sure that they would not get anything from the hard drives on the public computer John had used to access the FBI's network. While they were bundling the computer up, I went to work, destroying the data on the hard drive. At the close distance I was working at, it was not difficult to destroy the magnetic grains on the platters. I induced fission in some of the cobalt, a vital component in their magnetic properties. I mostly caused it to transform into potassium bromide. That process is obscenely exothermic, so I had to be careful. I could easily have had metal and silicon pouring straight through the case, not to mention a ridiculous quantity of high energy electromagnetic radiation burning everyone in the vicinity.
Our records on The Followers were still intact, but that information was not too incriminating in the immediate future, so I did not worry significantly about it. I did worry about Mister Steve. His permit was in the name of Tammy Erekson, the physic girl he had lived with. Forstow had to know how important he was, and most certainly would have attempted to seize him. No one saw him, including me, so at least that went well.
"Ms. Martyn, please call John and tell him what is going on here. Don't worry about us. Ysenof has this handled."
"Pauline's perfectly precise, Ms. Martyn. Arresting Ysenof is Darwinian selection seppuku!"
When we got to the FBI's offices, Pauline and I were separated. I was given a form with my Miranda rights to sign. Then, I was left in the interrogation room by myself for quite a long time. Instead of exploring the mysteries of the improved sound dampening material I had previously transmuted, I took the opportunity to completely wreck their computer network. I destroyed all of the hard drives in the servers and their tape backups. It was not that difficult, considering that I knew where everything was.
Due to the distance I was working at, I considered bombarding the equipment with high energy electromagnetic radiation. Gamma rays do most of the damage to electronics in the EMP generated by a nuclear weapon. Instead, I elected to do almost the same thing I had done to my own computer. The difference this time was that the process was less controlled. Working at the increased distance and through more intervening mediums reduced my ability to see the cobalt atoms, so I had to add a few steps to the process. Herding protons and neutrons is a lot more difficult than I make it sound. Still, it was not long before I had the hard drives and tape backups on their way to a meltdown.
When I was deciding what to do next, Angelle Forstow came in to start my custodial interrogation. She had the phone I had used during my security interview, as well as the computer-to-brain interface that I had worn. She did not understand that I did not need the electronic interface to type on the MEMS imbedded smartphone. That was fortunate. She did not actually know what she was up against. Considering the circumstances, we needed every advantage we could get.
"I have good news for you, Ysenof. We have made progress on the St. Joseph's bombing. When we re-ran a fingerprint found on the bomb, we got a hit, in the civil database. The match was someone that wasn't in there at the time of the crime, your girlfriend Pauline Morcet. Apparently, she was somehow involved. Are you sure she wasn't directly involved at the hospital that day?"
I did not have anything to say. It all made sense though. Some of the intent on The Followers' part had probably been to create evidence linking Pauline to the bombing, preferably in a way that the evidence would only come into play if she became a significant problem. The best weapon against an unruly Nemesis was the Feds. I wondered if the container they put the bomb in came from the hospital or Pauline's apartment. Clearly, they had acquired something with her fingerprints on it and used it to house their bomb.
What bothered me was that they had known about Pauline and Nemesis before we had. The planning for this situation had extended well before the attack at the hospital. It narrowed my list of suspected masterminds. Our discussions with Steve suggested that the physic kids were being directed by the implant station at the Followers' hall. It was not clear how Forstow and Mumey Sr. were being manipulated, though.
"Where were you yesterday evening between six and eight PM?"
"John's."
"You were at John's house? Who was there with you?"
"Abby, John, Pauline."
"Where was your mom, at your house?"
"Yes."
"What do you know about the Circle J Ranch?"
"Nothing."
"I have a witness that says you were at the Circle J Ranch last night, and that you had a part in seven deaths. We have him here to identify you in a lineup. What do you have to say to that?"
"He is lying."
"We'll see about that. Let's go."
When I was taken into the room for the lineup, I looked through the wall for the witness. I could see everyone in the other room easily from their infrared blackbody radiation. It is funny that I can somehow demodulate the electromagnetic waves I receive with my physic granules, but can not do anything with pressure fluctuations. Clearly, my visual system is strongly linked to my reasoning processes and physic granule system.
Once I knew where their heads were, it was not too horribly difficult to find the guy with hippocampus damage. It was not difficult to identify Agent Forstow either, and I was tempted to give her a scare by quite literally messing with her head, but decided having her not know what I could do through personal experience was better. I looked for the witness' dorsal midbrain and found that he had damage, presumably from a fight with Nemesis.
"Move it already. Get in line so we can get this going."
I ignored the guy that had escorted me and went to work on the Circle J witness' midbrain. I wanted to be very delicate so he would barely lose consciousness. I wanted him to stupidly stand there, not identify me and otherwise look like an idiot.
The difficulty was that I truly did not know how many of his neuronal membranes I needed to disrupt in order to get the result I wanted. I also did not know exactly where to do the damage. Every brain is different, and finding the dorsal midbrain is a lot harder than you might think. Then, I had to consider how vulnerable he was due to damage from the evening before.
I settled for doing only one-third of the damage I had been doing previously to two-thirds as many neurons. I hoped this would disrupt his integrative processes enough that he would not be able to connect his higher order thought to his sense of self, his body. That would leave him standing there, unaware.
After I moved into my spot, I decided to overload his eyes with green spectrum light as well. It did not take significant energy to do this, and it did not hurt that I knew exactly where to send the photons. I used green light, because the eyes are most sensitive to that wavelength.
As I stood there for what seemed like forever, there was time to think about consciousness. I began to wonder if Damasio was right after all and the seat of consciousness was in the dorsal midbrain. If I was completely disabling this guy by disrupting that part of his brain, how could I argue? Did it matter if I was merely zapping his eggs to ruin his waffle?
I did not have a time-keeping device with me, so I did not know how long it was. When the witness merely stood there without moving and Angelle came in herself to get me, I knew that my gambit had succeeded.
"Let's go back and have a little talk."
When we got back in the interrogation room, I realized that my energy reserves were drawing low. I picked up the phone and texted.
"Waffles and juice, then we talk."
Special Agent Forstow got the idea when I put the electronics down and ignored her.

49.End
50.Start

I had begun to think that we were headed for a long, drawn-out legal process. Pauline had likely been identified by their witness, probably coached by Agent Forstow. She would be locked up and we would have to go through a legal battle. I could thoroughly hose the trial, but it would disrupt our activities and I could not imagine a cavity search of Pauline going well.
My food came with an unexpected delivery person. Abby arrived with some plastic containers.
"We need to cease and desist these restricted room rendezvous, Ysenof! I'm your legal beagle. Isn't that a double dip in a Dixie cup?! Mr. Clark fetched ATF-flavored Special Agents with a family-sized can of whoopass for Special Agent Forstow! Mr. Clark says some Jaws of Life have an appointment with her colon! There's a preponderance of evidence linking and sinking Mumey, The Followers, and the survivalist stockpile! When the SAC sees my fabulous photos of Sam Forstow Hochsteen and her bouncing baby buddies frolicking in the Followers' foyer, the tamping iron will hit Angelle's frontal lobe and destroy her!
"I have a scrumptious side of mouth watering waffles served with a sublime spring of butter pecan syrup and very cherry Capri Sun to swish-swash it down and around! Chill and swill while Mr. Clark enforces his will!"
It was interesting that Abby had somehow absorbed the Phineas Gage story and used it to invent yet another Abby-fied idiom. By that, I meant something that kind of fit the situation and would be used exactly once.
I was not so sure that John was going to be able to get Pauline out of her predicament. She was linked to the hospital terrorism with the fingerprint. What we had going for us was that we knew the name of the dead physic kid from the St. Joseph's bombing from Mister Steve, Chad Spiedy. Also, it seemed likely that the weapons at the ranch were going to be linked to Olen Mumey, a prominent member of The Followers. They had an FBI Special Agent working on their side, so I was not sure how it would play out. However, when John showed up in my interrogation room, I knew things were going in the right direction.
"For some reason, Ysenof, their servers are all crashing, so verifying our information is taking a while. Identifying Chad Spiedy's remains will take some time, but the ATF is helping out on the weapon sales records, so it will get done expediently. The SAC told me that if our information meets his satisfaction, you will be free to go and maybe Pauline too. Apparently, Pauline was picked out, but to the shock of everyone, especially Forstow, the witness couldn't pick you out. The SAC said that a half-dead wasted bum could have picked you out of that lineup. There are going to be stories around here for quite a while about this case.
"Anyway, it shouldn't be more than an hour or two before we get out of here. We'll be allowed to take the computer to brain interfaces, but the cellphones and computers won't get returned before a couple weeks. I know you'll want your toys back, but considering the circumstances, this is a pretty big win."
It was going to be tough losing my twelve remaining smartphones. I still had the one at the hospital that had been integrated into a physic granule detector. Not only would I have to consider which electronics needed to be replaced immediately, but the telescope was due to be delivered soon and I would not have anything that was broken in to send remote commands with. It would be a hectic couple of weeks in light of our setbacks. If I wanted my plan to save Pauline from Nemesis to work, I still had a lot of work to do at The Followers' hall. Fortunately, it looked like there was a good chance Pauline would be set free.

50.End
51_epigraph.Start
retrieved from The New York Times Magazine at NYTimes.com:
"The Followers of the Chosen: The Faith of Raising Perfect Angels"
by Tatianne Hiker

Angelle Forstow has the hard edge that one might expect in a former federal agent serving time in a federal prison. It is an exterior that has been tempered by being incarcerated in the medium security federal facility in Tucson.
Only one subject can still bring out the wife, mother, and believer beneath the stony facade. "The privilege of having a child like Sam has given me so much joy. I'm so proud of her. There is no comparison. It is without a doubt the greatest thing I've ever been a part of, and I have and will do anything to support her."
When Angelle speaks about her daughter, her face lights up. She is a different person, someone far away from the federal penitentiary where she resides. She speaks exclusively using superlatives. She describes Samantha as "up to any challenge" and "perfect." These descriptions might sound like those of many proud parents, but Sam's track record says otherwise.
She has never received a grade less than the highest possible in every class or subject in school. She is also one of a small handful of youths that has perfect scores on the ACT and SAT. Samantha's seeming perfection extends to everything she does. Her sports teams are winners, sometimes only because she willed them to do so.
Samantha is one of The Chosen. If her sports teams haven't been as perfect as her grades, it's only because she went head-to-head with the teams of other Chosen. Not all of the Chosen kids have an inclination to play sports, but those that do are exceptional, near perfect, except when they play against one another.
When asked about The Followers of the Chosen, Angelle Forstow dismisses the influence of the followers and focuses on the children. "If this group of kids weren't special individually, their mutual bond would still make them exceptional. The whole thing has come together because of them. The parents and the other followers, even Joseph Pirela, have been drawn irresistibly, like sailors to sirens' song."
This bond makes the matches between the Chosen youths special. Games are hard fought contests of preternatural coordination and skill, but no matter who wins, there's a great celebration at the end. This spirit was epitomized when Seth Cohen's Mountain View defeated Ches Thone's Brophy College Prep in the 5A Division I State finals in March 2011. Thone celebrated with Cohen like his own team had won instead.
This unity begins to explain how perfect kids could get involved in criminal activities.
During the latest investigation of The Followers of the Chosen, there was an especially ugly revelation. Missing valley teenager Chad Spiedy, one of the Chosen, has been identified as one of the dead in the suicide attack at St. Joseph's Hospital late last year. Likewise, Kade Kirst was killed in an automobile accident related to a trespassing incident at the Bank of America building in Mesa. Kade, Leon Mumey and Nate Skoler were involved in the robbery of the Chase Bank branch in Tempe, Arizona, along with Angelle Forstow's daughter, Sam. All four are also suspected to be involved in the estimated $10 million chaotic electronic transfer swindle of Bank of America.
When Angelle Forstow is asked about the incident at the hospital, her face screws up in distaste as she mutters, "That." She characterizes the incident as "an atrocity committed by zealots." She explains that with strong faith comes irrational acts of violence and stupidity from some.
The five young adults involved in these crimes, as well as Ches Thone and Seth Cohen, were or are involved in the new wave religion, The Followers of the Chosen. They are a sample of the Chosen, the revered angels the believers are waiting to lead them.
The Followers of the Chosen was founded by Joseph Pirela. The inspiration for the faith came from Pirela's late wife, Helen, who died of brain cancer in 1994. The Pirela Foundation, a charity dedicated to children's health had been the platform for the group.
In the 1980s, St. Joseph's Hospital in Phoenix had an unusually high death rate in their pediatric intensive care ward where premature infants were cared for. As a result of this misfortune, the hospital planned to end their support for pediatric and obstetric care. That was until a nurse in that same neo-natal ward, Helen Pirela, started a public campaign to change the policy. Part of her story was that the deaths were part of a plot by Satan to bring his demons into the world, and God would counter this by blessing the same room with angels. This would only happen if they kept the obstetric and pediatric services running at St. Joseph's.
Somehow, her campaign was successful. The community demanded that the hospital continue as it was, and management at the hospital, which had plans to continue to upgrade the facility, listened. The cult wouldn't be established until after Helen's unfortunate death, but the foundational story was born.
Yet, The Followers of the Chosen are not without their detractors.
One FBI investigator, former Special Agent John Clark, started working on the puzzle of The Chosen last year. He suspected The Chosen of involvement in the Chase Bank robbery, the Bank of America events and the violence at St. Joseph's hospital. However, he lacked the evidence to move against them. When he discovered information about rocket launchers and other heavy weapons that were found weeks later at the Circle J Ranch, he got a search warrant for The Followers' downtown meeting hall where he suspected the weapons were being kept. Instead of finding illegal weapons, there was nothing. It was later conjectured that the arms were at the site, but had been moved without Clark noticing. Media savvy Joseph Pirela, the leader of The Followers, also made it public that an FBI-Followers flare-up had sent over twenty Followers to the hospital with minor injuries. Those mistakes ended the investigation into The Followers and the career of Special Agent John Clark.
Clark was a colleague of Angelle Forstow in the Phoenix FBI office. She characterizes him as an "incredibly intuitive" agent. "When he would get on a difficult case, he had a knack for pointing out the culprit almost immediately. He was in high demand in the office to consult on difficult cases. If he weren't so dependent upon immersing himself in the places and people, he would have been transferred to DC a long time ago."
Forstow also describes Clark as idiosyncratic. He had an obsession with a group of seemingly unrelated arsons in the East Valley over the last decade. He was convinced that they were connected and ardently pursued a suspect. Forstow thinks that he caught up with his man, a firefighter by the name of Herman Fite, who ended up in a coma after trying to evade Clark in a burning building.
Around the time he caught up with Fite, Clark had started recruiting professional staff with unusual skills and eccentric deficits. Angelle Forstow did the personnel security interviews for his first two recruits, Abby Skipper and Ysenof Martyn, the individuals credited with thwarting The Followers' attack at St. Joseph's Hospital. She describes Ysenof Martyn as "a brilliant technological wizard who is borderline autistic". Apparently, he did his interview without talking. Instead, Martyn answered questions through a smartphone and a computer to brain interface of his own design. Abby Skipper is quite the opposite. Angelle describes her as "constantly talking, mostly nonsense". However, she also attributes to her an incredible sense of people, "seemingly reading their minds".
These two curious companions were somehow involved in Clark connecting The Followers to the bank heists and hospital terrorist attack. In the process of their investigations, Clark recruited a third associate, Pauline Morcet, which Angelle Forstow describes as "someone you wouldn't want to meet in a dark alley". Pauline was formerly a nurse at St. Joseph's, and Angelle suspects that she was involved in thwarting the terrorist incident at the hospital.
The connection between these four and The Followers becomes evident when the birth records at St. Joseph's are referenced. All four, John, Abby, Ysenof and Pauline, were born premature at the hospital between 1981 and 1986, when the death rate in the neo-natal ward was high, when The Followers believe the Devil held sway. If The Chosen are their angels, then these four are their demons.
A closer look at The Followers of the Chosen does not reveal what one would expect. There are no proclamations of a solution to all of life's problems. The group is not insulative, nor does it impose a narrow view of the world. Skeptics and non-believers are met with an amused expression and are quite promptly introduced to one of The Chosen, possibly a celebrity like Seth Cohen or Ches Thone. They carry a sense of confidence in their cause that is different than other organizations like theirs. They know they have proof, and they are quick to show it off, when necessary, to make their point.
The easy confidence of The Followers of the Chosen did not miss a beat when their leadership made a plea deal to avoid a public court spectacle. Their leader, Joseph Pirela, former FBI Special Agent Angelle Forstow, arms dealer Olen Mumey, and four others took the fall to minimize the impact on the beloved organization.
The Followers of the Chosen will live on. Seth Cohen and Ches Thone are ready to take leadership. They were already being groomed for their positions at the top of the hierarchy. The group's evangelizing efforts appear to be weathering the controversy. Seth Cohen has reported that membership is "up substantially" in light of the media spotlight. Despite the setbacks, the burgeoning religion seems to have its best days ahead.

51_epigraph.End
51.Start

There was a lot going on in the weeks that followed our arrest by Special Agent Forstow. John was very busy meeting with the FBI and ATF regarding the case. He was so busy that it was difficult for me to get rides to study the implant stations at The Followers' hall and the hospital. Mostly, I ended up spending long days out on my own when John did give me rides. I brought a backpack full of food, lead pellets and electronics to sustain me through fourteen-hour days. Working on the implant machine for that long was remarkably difficult to sustain, so I needed other distractions.
The story was that John and the FBI needed my help with their computer network. That kept Nemesis out of the loop and Pauline from questioning what was going on. The truth was, the FBI wanted me nowhere near their computers. They might have been willing to take John back, but he made it sound like they were all blaming his "Dream Team" for the previous problems. When he said "Dream Team", I got the distinct impression he was referring to the 1989 comedy, not the 1992 basketball team.
It was looking more and more like the leadership of The Followers, in particular Joseph Pirela, Olen Mumey and Angelle Forstow, were going to take responsibility for everything that happened. A plea bargain was in the works, a lot of what John was doing was applying pressure, through evidence, to maximize the concessions from the defense. They were very keen on seizing back funds from the bank robberies.
The defense was insisting that the minors involved would receive minimal punishment. John was not happy with the idea of the bank robbers getting off with community service. I was more conflicted. There was significant evidence that the physic kids were being manipulated and were not a long-term problem for us. They could possibly become allies if I weaned them off of the influence of the implant devices.
The Followers' hall was covered in police tape, so the place was deserted most of the time that I spent there. I needed somewhere to avoid weather, heat my food and use the bathroom. So, I broke into the building and spent a lot of time inside to avoid being seen loitering in the parking lot.
One time, I had visitors. Leon Mumey drove up with Sam Hochsteen and Nate Skoler as passengers in his car. They went over and hung out near the implant station like I had seen previously on outings with Nemesis. I decided to exit the building and interrupt their socializing. I did not want them increasing their exposure to the implant device. I was also curious about the status of Leon's physic granules, and I had faint hope for the beginning of a more amicable relationship.
"Hey, isn't that Clark's sicko special needs minion?"
Our conversation got off on a good foot with Sam expressing her dislike for me. I wondered to what degree the incident at the Sheraton was affecting her attitude versus her unhappiness about her mom's situation. She did not remember the incident, but all of her emotional connections to the people present were still intact. I was not quite ready to start manipulating people's emotions like I did their consciousness and memory. It was not clear to me exactly how the amygdala and nucleus accumbens tagged information in the brain.
"Get your phone out of my face, freak!"
There was a message on my phone that I thought could break the ice a little, but Sam refused to look at it. The other two, Leon and Nate, were being more restrained. Sam tried to hit me in the head, but her slap slipped off of my shield. Nate became a little more defensive at that point, so I handed the phone to Leon.
"You don't remember, but you kicked John's ass in that Sheraton bathroom."
"Okay, that is kind of funny. I'm not sure if you should be telling Sam this, though. She might take it the wrong way."
"Very funny, Leon. If you don't wipe that smirk off your face, I'll kick your ass twice as bad as that old codger, Clark. And for your information, creepy tardo, I remember kicking Clark's ass."
"Admit it, Sam. You only remember what Thone, Cohen and Erekson told you about your cage match with a Special Agent. Maybe you can put it on your resume now. Ysenof is the eye witness to the beating you gave that guy, so don't waste him quite yet."
For a moment, I had a pang of anxiety, I realized that we had been lucky. We had not covered our tracks as well as I had thought, and they could have caused problems for us in New Orleans, but they had not. Or maybe, the police had not caught up with us. I did not like that there was an angle we had not handled perfectly. This is why I do not like improvisation. It leads to trouble. 
As I was thinking, Sam grabbed my phone from Leon and slammed it down on the ground. All of them were astonished when it did not shatter.
"Wow! Where did you get that phone? There isn't even a scratch!"
As I was picking up my phone, Sam tried to stomp on my hand and the device at the same time. My shield messed that up and she ended up tripping, then she rolled back up to a combat stance. I typed another message and handed it to Leon.
"My phone is anger proof. It is a trade secret."
This time Nate grabbed my phone from Leon and threw it on top of the transformer on a nearby telephone pole. It was an almost impossible throw, and he did it easily, the first time. Nate and Sam started laughing, while it was difficult to tell what Leon's response was.
"Are you feeling sorry for the tard's loss of his only means of communication, Leon?"
"Whatever."
I was tempted to knock my phone down off of the box on the pole, but I saw that Sam was smiling. Instead, I pulled another phone out.
"It looks like you spoke too soon, Nate, you've encountered a well prepared tard today."
"It was bound to happen sooner or later. Preparing to lose should be second nature when you're that slow."
I kept hold of my phone as I showed my next message.
"Do your feet feel warm and damp? Maybe you should dry them off."
"Your socks are looking a bit damp, Nate. Maybe the guy has a point."
"Oooh. Are we supposed to be scared because this loser made Nate's feet wet? Go home and get out of our faces already."
"I'm staying. You three need to get out of here. There is dangerous radiation that my shield blocks."
"Okay, that's creepy. He's not leaving, and this is lame, so let's just get out of here guys."
"Sounds good to me. We don't want mister slow-mo depleting his cellphone collection all at once."
As the kids left, I took a quick look at Leon's frontal lobe and dorsal midbrain to see how his physic granules were faring. I was not surprised to see that they were in substantially better shape than I had left them. In fact, it was difficult to find evidence of the damage I had done.
It took me a few minutes to create enough high pressure on one side and low pressure on the other to slide the cellphone off the transformer box. I did not see the kids at The Followers' hall again, so the meeting appeared to have worked in one way. It seemed they had severed their contact with the implant devices, and that was a step in the right direction.
At home, Mister Steve somehow managed to harmoniously blend into our group, such as it was. He and Abby were fast friends. She could read him quite easily and had forgiven him for the things he had done previously for The Followers. Soon, the two of them were plotting no end of mischief. Random attacks on my person and sabotage of my projects became frequent events. To someone else, they would probably have been harmless, but the interruptions were very disruptive to me. I ended up having to keep my room locked most of the time or do work outside of the house.
Having the monkey around the house did provide the answer to a question that bothered me ever since I had conjectured that he was The Followers' GPP. How was it that the monkey, of all their physica, was the most like me? When I had the opportunity to get a good look inside of his head, it became a little bit clearer. He had physic granules in every cell in his nervous system. The granules in his glial cells, from the astrocytes in his brain to the schwann cells in his peripheral nervous system, were similar in size to mine. Unexpectedly, the granules in his non-astrocyte cells were mixed. Most were the same size as mine, but there were clusters of the same size as The Chosen. It seemed to me that the implant had been skewed to a specific purpose in Mister Steve, rather than created to fit his brain architecture. He was designed to communicate with the implant stations and The Chosen, and had a general purpose architecture. At least that was how I saw it.
When the telescope showed up, I had help to set it up. A professor of astrophysics at ASU, Dr. Russel Warencka, and some of his grad students had agreed to help in exchange for time using the instrument.
The plan for the telescope was completely different than first imagined due to my sighting of the Moon. I would not be looking for tiny satellites twelve to twenty-four thousand miles above the Earth. Instead, I would be looking for fine details on the surface of the Moon over two hundred thousand miles away. The first order question was to ask whether the implant station signal was coming from the middle or edge of the Moon, but I also wanted to go beyond that and get a close look at where the communication signal was coming from. I was concerned that the instrument would be insufficient for the task.
One of the decisions that I made had almost hamstrung the project. At first, it had seemed that an altazimuth mount would be better suited for the task of looking for the satellite. Such a mount was not only simpler and more reliable, but it was more well suited to searching a specific piece of the sky. I had originally ordered such a mount, which did not match the cancelled order. In order to speed the process, I had agreed to take the equatorial mount that came with it. It turned out that was a lucky break. An equatorial mount is designed to follow a celestial object as it sweeps across the sky due to the spin of the Earth or an orbiting pattern. That makes it ideal for the task of taking a long exposure photo of a specific object in the sky. Doing the same task with an altazimuth mount would have required more complex software and less smooth movement of the telescope. In short, it would lead to worse photos when I needed the best I could get.
Before the impending implant date, I did a few practice runs tracking the Moon. I even went out to The Followers' hall and gave the telescope remote commands as I downloaded the latest images from the file server we were storing them on. Since measurements from the ground would not be compatible with equatorial angles, I needed to test the altazimuth feedback from the telescope to make sure field adjustments would go according to plan. The first day did not go well, but on the second day, Dr. Warencka and his students had everything running smoothly.
While John and I were busy with our projects, Abby was hard at work on her own scheme. She consulted with me on the matter, repeatedly, until I set a budget for the Ysencorp Human Resources Queen to use for morale boosting activities. The amount she wanted seemed more like morale buying, but it was not so ridiculous that I said no.
Abby periodically quizzed Pauline about hypothetical situations. She would ask questions like what would Pauline do if she won the lottery, or what she would take to a desert isle, or what she would do if she could do anything she wanted.
As a result of the conversations, Abby provided her own answers too. I made a contribution a time or two as well. Once, Mister Steve made a contribution. He wanted to meet with a cute female monkey. Trying to envision the physic granule network's specification for a cute monkey nearly melted my brain. Fortunately, I realized that the monkey brain most likely contributed that bit of information which averted a full meltdown. My mom also contributed a few times. It was pretty clear to me that Abby was mining for data to execute her vacation plans to cheer Pauline up.
All of our preparations set the stage for a very interesting April 23rd.

51.End
52.Start

Waiting to go out with Nemesis was always a nervous affair. On this particular day, it was barely tolerable. The number of moving parts surrounding that day had me more anxious than the operations at the Final Four and the Circle J Ranch.
When John showed up just before Noon, I wondered what else was going on. It had been a few days since he had last given me a ride to The Followers' hall. I definitely did not like having a surprise being sprung when there was so much else that I had to think about.
"Stretch your senses sapiens and Steve! The inaugural Ysencorp HR shindiglio is in session, you better believe!"
"Well, what is it, Abby? I need to get back to the office."
"Cool your currents and settle that sphincter, Mr. Clark. I have plump packets with a pleasant perk present! They come courtesy of the Ysencorp Human Relations Queen Bee. I went to war to wrest a resplendent respite guarantee!"
Abby handed out envelopes to Pauline, my mom and me.
"Those tickets will let you jet to Japan! We too-da-loo Thursday after the Nemesis nuisance. Our dance card is cohabited by not one, but two cranium cracking cruises! They sandwich a sedate week of sights, sounds and savories, all in three thrallingly wondrous weeks!"
Pauline reacted ambiguously, which did not actually help me tell what she thought about the whole scheme. While Abby and Mister Steve did a happy celebration dance together, Pauline looked like she was somewhere between smiling and crying.
"This will be wonderful Abby."
"Excuse me, it sounds like you've forgotten something, Abby."
"What ever do you mean, Mr. Clark?"
"Are you going to make me say it?"
"Still not sensing the signal, Mr. Clark. You're coming in at five by zero, in lingual limbo."
"I sure hope you've got an envelope for me."
"What about the worrisome warthogs at the ATF and FBI with the prodigiously prominent prosecution of The Followers felons, Mr. Clark?"
"The FBI can wait. Someone needs to be around to make sure this barrel of monkeys doesn't create an international incident."
"Oh my, what do I spy with my all-seeing eye? It seems something is sequestered, misplaced in mount HR account! I knew you would stew. You couldn't miss the merry mirth with your crucial crew!"
"Sure Abby, it will be so fun that I'll need a vacation when I get back."
While Abby was busy pestering John about how she had tricked him into realizing he wanted to come too, I went over to Pauline and motioned that it was time to go.
"We still have an hour before we need to go, Ysenof."
"Ysenof needs to prepare for the affair, Pauline! Monitoring the Moon is no bed of baboons. You need to go early so there is no hurry!"
I think I was most anxious about the first part of my plan. It would require me to be physically coordinated, and Pauline to resist Nemesis. As we drove up to The Followers' hall I typed a message on my phone and tossed it into Pauline's lap. Then I opened the car door and jumped out of the car while it was still moving.
"Pauline. Stay in the car!"
For most of my concrete crash and mad dash toward the implant station, I thought I was going to beat Nemesis there. I am not very coordinated, nor a good athlete, so for me to win, Pauline would have to retain control. The situation was in a lot of ways a test. Would Nemesis be able to take control if she got the idea that I was going to prevent her from implanting?
While I was far from certain that Nemesis was an independent physic granule based consciousness inside of Pauline, I had to treat the situation as though it were the case. The evidence from Mister Steve was too strong to ignore. Physic granules were capable of producing consciousness. Given this assumption, my guess was that Nemesis had not taken over because the process was not past the tipping point where Pauline would be overwhelmed. Pauline quitting her job at the hospital had delayed the process, but if the granule networks were going to take over as Nemesis, something needed to change if I did not want that to happen.
Unfortunately, Nemesis had more influence over Pauline's body than I had hoped. She hurdled me as I closed in on the implant zone. I had hoped to sit there and prevent Nemesis from being implanted. That required that I got there first. As strong as she was, Nemesis would slide off my shield like anyone else. If she had enough momentum, she could probably push me a little, but I was optimistic that I could physically hold her off if I got in place ahead of her.
I, on the other hand, had no chance of moving Nemesis. I could make her slide off of me with an extraordinary effort, but in the war of physic granules, she could bring more force to bear. Once she established position over the implant station, that gambit was over.
"Nice try, Ysenof. You almost beat me. Are you worried I've become too powerful? That I'll leave you?"
I pulled out the phone I was going to use to adjust the telescope with and look at pictures.
"I am worried about Pauline, not you."
"Pauline? She's weak and useless. You haven't heard the story about the first time I took over, have you?
"Pauline encountered a couple of two bit thugs on the street one night. She talked tough and told them to leave her alone or she'd kick their asses. When they pulled knives and told her how they would cut her eyes out and have their way with her, she lost control of her body and wet herself. As she became paralyzed by fear and indecision, I had to take over to deal with them for her. Those two punks screamed for their mothers by the time I was done with them.
"I run this body every time it gets tough. Why shouldn't I always be in charge?"
Nemesis went on and on about how obviously better she was than Pauline for the better part of an hour that we had before the Moon got high enough for the implant process to start. As I ignored her, I played with the remote control of the telescope and looked at a few high resolution photos of the moon. It was terribly arduous to do the simple checks while I waited for the machine to start implanting Pauline. Ignoring Nemesis was not nearly as difficult. She mattered less than she thought.
As the moment of truth arrived, I watched the sky, anticipating the initial communications handshake coming from the Moon. When it arrived, I extended my shield to stand between it and the receiver in the implant station. What I did next was more important. I looked for activity in the implant station.
There would be a defensive response.
Over the previous few weeks, I had been preparing for this moment. I had been subjecting the machine to little tests to see how it would respond to changes in the environment. Contrary to expectation, it was always functioning, not only when an implant was going on. It was sensing and evaluating the environment. After a test to interfere with some wireless communications signals, I found that it responded quite strongly to interference with the Wi-Fi coming from The Followers' hall. The machine was interacting with its environment.
I also knew that the machine had to have functions for maintaining itself. At the lowest level, the very slowly degrading seaborgium, hassium and darmstadtium needed to be refreshed. Undoubtedly, there were other parts of the system that needed to be attended to as well. Any high-powered, autonomous computing system needs a way to integrate its high order functions with this maintenance impetus in order to maximize the capability to keep working in a changing environment. In humans, the dorsal midbrain is very important in this integration. I had become very familiar with the signal patterns of this part of the brain and attendant physic granule networks. I was also rather certain that I had found something analogous in the implant machine.
When I saw the area I most suspected was the integration center become active, I broke open the machine's neutron receptacle. I chose a very specific location so the particles would be directed at what I conjectured was the machine's dorsal midbrain. Then I did some damage of my own. I targeted the clusters of seaborgium, hassium and darmstadtium in that very same region. When I destabilized one atom in a way that was likely to have it eject a neutron, there was a chance it would collide with a neighbor and destabilize it as well. Soon, more atoms were destabilizing than the machine could hope to keep track of.
When I was satisfied that the putative consciousness integration center was not functioning and the machine was, presumably, oblivious of itself, I went after the communications systems. It used the same system for communication with the Moon as it did to avail itself of the Wi-Fi in The Followers' hall, so my experiments had given me a good idea of where to shut off the signal from the receivers. As it turned out, it was no longer aware, so it could not do a non-automated repair. I was relieved that it did not matter that I had lost the race with Nemesis. My backup plan for the case where I failed to disable the implant machine had been rendered moot.
Nemesis simply sat in her spot, oblivious to what was going on. She had no idea that she was never going to get implanted again. That was a good thing, because I had no idea how she would react to the news. When I was done with the implant machine, I still needed to look more specifically for the source of the signal.
I already had the telescope pointing at the center of the Moon. The drive in the equatorial mount was automatically adjusting the horizontal movement, called the declination, to match the Moon's movement across the sky. I was mostly concerned with adjusting the north-south axis, known as the right ascension. I could make a rather precise measurement of the height of the incoming signal, but that did not translate directly to a correct ascension angle. I had planned for this, so I had the telescope reporting the angle of altitude in the preview image. This allowed me to adjust the altitude to the 72.73 degrees that I had measured from the incoming electromagnetic communication. There was a possibility that the declination should not have been aligned with the center of the Moon, but that concern was alleviated when I took a high res photo.
When I looked at the image, I knew that I was right about what was going on. The signal was not coming from the center of the Moon. It was coming from the south pole. This meant that the communications were being relayed from deep space in the southern sky, or coming directly from a station at the Moon's southern pole. The notion that physic granules were alien in origin was not what struck me at the time. It was my realization that the dance was only starting. There would be more implant stations in different places changing people and animals in ways that I could not yet imagine.

52.End

P1G1.END
About the Author

With degrees in Computer Engineering and Biology, Eric worked eight years in the semiconductor industry before continuing his education. In 2010, he finished a professional science master's degree in Computational Bio-Sciences from Arizona State University. Eric began working as a collaborative author with his wife Katherine in 1998. As of 2013, they had written two novels in the Apothic Man series as well as the urban fantasy thriller Luck for Hire. PHYSIC is Eric's first novel as a solo author.


