Greater Humanity: Rift Gate Storm 
Book 1

By:
Darren Hand


Smashswords Edition
Release 1.1

Copyright 2014 Darren Hand


***~~~***

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the site and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




***~~~***


Table of Contents 
Prologue
Chapter 1 Opening Moves
Chapter 2 Plans are created
Interlude 2024-2028
Chapter 3 Rumors of War
Chapter 4 80 days before invasion
Chapter 5 50 days before invasion
Interlude 2028-2032
Chapter 6 Preparations
Chapter 7 Final Preparations
Interlude 2032-2036
Chapter 8 Invasion
Chapter 9 Nuclear Reaction
Chapter 10 Lightgivers Arrive
Interlude Golden Empire 
Chapter 11 Pushing Forward
Chapter 12 Hellfists arrive in Russia
Chapter 13 Orion's arrive in Africa
Chapter 14 The war spreads
Chapter 15 Matters of honor
Chapter 16 Another rift gate
Chapter 17 Presidential Matters
Chapter 18 Two Presidents 
Chapter 19 Presidential counterattack 
Chapter 20 Consequences
Epilogue
Cast of Characters 
A few words from the Author
About the Author
Round 2 Greater Humanity: Sacrifice  




***~~~***


Prologue
100,000 years ago
The Blessed Ones, as they thought of themselves, we're a great and powerful human race. They had risen from a single harsh planet to explore much of the near galaxy. They created great cities and ships; they also learned their greatest gift and greatest curse. They learned to travel between worlds as easy as traveling through a door. They created the rift gates. Using a tremendous amount of energy they could send probes to distant star systems and using the process of greater triangulation they could open rift gates on the surface of a distant planet.
At the beginning exploration was slow. The first colonies were for defense and exploration. As the pressure of the population mounted, rift gates were seen as a way out. For the visionary, the oppressed, the adventures and others, the rift gates allowed for a different life. Hundreds of camps and outpost were soon founded. Many would grow to be major worlds of the Empire with populations in the billions; the Blessed Ones had reached their golden age.
As they explored they found planet after planet with little or no life. They believed that they were chosen to spread among the stars and stand proud against time. On a small dark world many gates from the home system they found something, they woke something up!
The Dark Ones or simply the enemy as they were commonly known as was in hibernation, they were an intelligent, bipedal species spread amongst a few star systems. They spent most of their time in cold sleep, a few thousand years earlier they reached their golden age.  Hoping to prolong their species and meet other races they chose to alternate century long hibernation periods with around ten percent of the population awake at any one time. 
When the Blessed Ones started to first found the exotic ruins they were ecstatic, they had finally found another species and would help lead them to greatness as a parent would to a child. They quickly started to collect items of interest, soon the nature of the species and the alieness of it all was too much, with no living members found and nobody for them to be worshipped by they declared the species dead and started destroying the ruins. 
Under the ruins the dark ones watched at first, for this was also their first contact; the hope of millennia was realized.  Quickly they learned the truth and fully awoke, they gathered in greater numbers than they had in thousands of years and they attacked. 400 billion humans were killed, hundreds of planets attacked and many smashed to radioactive dust. After the Dark Ones finished they went into back into hibernation waiting again to see if they could meet a worthy species. Once they were gone only 26 star systems with 3 billion humans were left.

90,000 years ago: 12 systems

50,000 years ago: 8 systems

20,000 years ago: 6 systems.

This is the story of the Earth and the five other remaining systems of greater humanity.




***~~~***


Chapter 1
Opening moves

Golden Imperial Empire 
Lord Welk Torre yi Valleen, First Captain Imperial Golden Empire, Commander of the 3rd section expansion force was a very happy person.  Later that day he was to meet with his faction leaders and review his long term plan to bring the empire and his faction to greater glory.  Faction Torre was soon going to regain its place among the great families and he was going to be the one to do it.  Dressed from head to toe in his imperial dress uniform he was an imposing figure.  His good looks were a product of selective breeding and genetic controls.  Soon the first captain would need to take a bride as was custom.  Adult males were given a time frame to find a perfect match.  Being a noble he already had concubines and access to most of the great flesh spots the empire had to offer.  His marriage was to be for the betterment of his family and station.  His perfect match was also a good friend of his from the early school days.  They both got along great.  Growing up it was commonly expected they would marry.  Lady of the Estate Leliilei Sasasron ko Yuollia was from a great and well respected family as well.  Her family had served the Emperor for a long time with great honor. A few of her family were raised to high rank, even being holder of the great seal and Lord Speaker, the highest post not of the imperial family.  Recently a rival had emerged challenging for both Loliilei Sasasron as well as high rank in the Empire, their young faction was created from an offshoot of a large and once proud faction was now on the rise and the young heir was looking for a prize.  The fortunes of Faction Torre were declining due to bad weather on a core faction planet and mismanagement, a new plan was needed to restore the proper order  and put the others in their place and Welk Torre already had preliminary approval.  He would lead his people to a new planet and create and new colony.  The planet was 1832, it was ideal for colonization, the local natives were primitive and they would have plenty of food and resources.  Not liking nor trusting the politics of the Imperial Home world, the two lovers would be able to escape to a new planet.  Being First Captain and leader of the expedition would ensure he was set up as governor of the new colony.  The post would be of high enough rank to push the rivals away and finally secure the blessing of the other factions.  The plan was supported by both his own and her factions.  The marriage would be a successful bond forged over a long time.     

The meeting was held in the lush apartments of the First Captain’s Uncle, Lord Dolk, after some small talk they got down to business.  “Lord Welk, have your scouts uncovered anything new?” asked Lord Dalleen, a former active duty officer and breeder of Aruk, the dinosaur like cavalry that formed the backbone of the Golden Imperial Army.  
“My Lords, little has changed since we last met, the probes show the locals as still in a semi barbaric state.  The area for our colony will be in the northwest of one of the two major continents.  In addition we have extensive information that proves the barbarians are colony material as per the Charters of Contact for Greater Humanity.  In addition looking at the events of the last few years proves that we would be a stabilizing influence there. “
"These events, the use of city killing weapons, will this make it easier to get approval from the others?" ask Lord Dolk.
"Yes it will, we can easily prove that the natives are not capable of maintaining a sustainable lifestyle on their home planet, also since they refuse to travel to other nearby planets then we can easily show the danger of leaving them alone, if they fall again as they did a few times they might not get back up for a long time.  They only recently emerged from the worship of magic to an age of science and understanding only a few centuries ago.  If we go back farther we can see a rise of a great empire and after only a few hundred years a decline and fall.  Even the so called great nations or superpowers control only a small portion of the planet."
“Good, I agree with Lord Welk, when we present this to the Lord Speaker we will need to have some of this proof with us, he is already on board  but we need to make the case fool proof.  At some time we will need to meet with the lesser species and give them something to work with.  We can probably just show the Orion's how sad and backwards they are and they will support us.  As for the Trade Federation, just show them a new planet of close to 9 billion and they will be more than eager to support us.  If we show we are in complete agreement with the proper accords then everything will be much easier,” replied Lord Cawelk, a member of the Faction Council.
“What information is coming from the Lightgivers, will they follow our lead and create a new colony as well?  If so do you think we can bring them into conflict?" from Lord Bal Torre yi Tallp, second captain of the 17th Aruk riders of Perm.  
“Lords, our information shows the Lightgivers are following what we are doing.  Once we get the go ahead then they will follow suit.  Also based on the opening attack plan against the savages the Lightgivers will try to oppose us.   They are still upset about the last war.  Once they move against us then we can make the moves on HG156, Danzing where we can conqueror or destroy the city of Kars once and for all and Clyde Frost World.  A couple of quick strikes will knock out most of the offensive power on those worlds; we will move as planed and acquire a little more land on each.  In addition we will offer the Lightgivers a colony on 1832.  They will want to work with Species 6 as much as the rest of us. They do not want a long war nor do they have the stomach, they are too proud to fight in the dirt and work for it, so it should end quickly.  The Lightgivers will be left in a good position with more land and we will be in a better one.  They will have no choice but to agree.  We will add a little pressure to the Trade Federation and they will all fall in line as well, and the other do not matter” replied the First Captain.  
“Good, I will work out some more of the details for the meeting but everything looks as expected.  Also Lady of the Estate Leliilei and her faction including her mother Lady Yuollia are with us.  Once the new colony is set up on 1832 we will have it joint administered by both Factions, this will keep the others happy.  In addition it looks like there will be some open land to the north we could look to set up other colonies and keep everybody happy” said Faction Council member Razzeen.  

A few hours later the First Captain and members of the faction briefed the imperial high command. "My imperial brothers and sisters, the time to act against species 6 is now at hand. They have started near planetary space travel. They have a high level of industrial technology."
"Are they a united planet?" asked the minster for technology, interrupting the prepared marks, he was once proud warrior slowly staring to age, but a powerful friend of the golden emperor,
"Not yet," replaced the first captain, "they are starting to work closer and closer together, they have a few very powerful groups that keep the other in line."
"If they are still fighting among themselves why should we spend our time and effort on the primitive beings, surely their technology is not very strong?"
The first captain smiled and looked around the room, "they are at a crossroads soon they will emerge as a major military planet or commercial state. Either way species 2 and 3 are also watching. We have detected increased interest in both. If species 3 can win them to their side, they could break the treaty and cause trouble. If species 2 find them first, the technology level will increase rapidly along contact with other groups.  It is in our best interest to make sure we are first contact and that we establish the proper mind set for them."
The meeting would last for several more hours; more would follow over the next couple of days. The details were worked out and the final orders prepared. With great ceremony they were sent to the imperial supreme commander and forwarded on to the golden emperor, beloved of the golden gods. With a lifting of his hand the order was approved. An armed expedition against species 6 was to start, the Golden Ones were going to system 1832, and they were going to invade the planet the native population called Earth.


USA, Final Presidential Debate
"Good evening ladies and gentleman and welcome to the cnn-aol presidential debate for 2036. I am your host Bob Young, host of the Bob Young show and former governor of Missouri. Tonight our focus will be on foreign policy and the role of the United States in the world. We will start with each candidate making an opening statement and then on to the questions." 
As the host was talking President Dominick Jaster was waiting at the side, thinking over his lines and trying to find a way out of his mess. For a mess it was, four years ago the Center party candidate, the first third party candidate to win the Presidency in centuries was on top of the world, his political style was loved, he talked straight and honest, no PC, no games. The people loved him. Now the people were tired of him. His opponent on the other hand, a solid democrat from New York was of the old school. She was smooth, a lawyer turned political activist turned state representative then on to the governorship. She saw New York through the tough times of the past eight years and was well liked. Dominick Jaster was a generalist, his focus was on everything, while Governor Jessica Walker Smith her focus was on America first and making sure everybody was helped.
"Ladies and gentlemen Governor Jessica Walker Smith and the President of the United States Dominick Jaster," after a few minutes of meaningless pleasantries and small talk the debate got on its way. 
"Governor Smith we will start with your opening statement" said the host.
"Thank you Governor Bob" said Jessica, it was the host's nickname and popular among certain groups. Bob was single, wealthy and very good looking his background and views made him a crowd favorite, many think he could be on stage next time debating. "My opening statement is similar to what I have been saving the whole time. President Jaster has done a great job, the world was in crisis and the United States stood with our brother and sisters around the world. The time to return the focus back on the United States is now. We have spent a long time on helping others that we have not done enough to help our own, we need to restore balance. We need to understand that we do not need to be everywhere. We need to focus on defending our country not occupying others we need to . . . "
As the governor drowned own Dominick found his mind wondering, acknowledging the smoothness of her delivery and conviction in her tone. He completely disagreed with her but knew this was her at her best; she beat him bad in the first debate, the second and third closer but still lacking. This was the last debate; if she does not blunder then she would have smooth sailing to victory and the White House. Now it was his turn.
"My fellow Americans, we stand on the edge of greatness, for over a century we have lead the world in freedom, and the world has become more free, the hatreds of the early 20th century are gone, over 100 years ago my opponent could not vote, much less run for election. In countries all over the world similar success stories of empowerment and hope is listened to everyday, in most parts of the world we take it for granted, it was not always the case. When we look away other are still plotting, the events of only few years ago shows how quickly they can change, our success is based on the success of our team, our allied and economic partner nations, it is based on . . . 
During the question and answer part that followed the President would perform well, easily his best performance, but Governor Smith was always quick to get back or shift focus. It was a good debate, just not good enough to turn the tide.

Moscow, Kremlin
Ivan Isofevich Kirov, President of the Russian Federation watched the debate or more of a comedy show for him; after all, all the answers are lies or propaganda. For almost four years the Russians faced fierce criticism and opposition by Washington. The American President was strong willed and an outspoken supporter of democracy and human rights. Two things President Kirov was not a fan of. Elections were for the powerful to stay in power and human rights were good propaganda lines. After all everybody really knew power is the law. Answer after answer, sharp retort after sharp retort the President was faring badly again his opponent a veteran debater and career politician. His polling numbers slipping and the aura of his historic victory was years ago the President was sure to lose. His new opponent was a good looking and very smart women, but a women most of the world would not respect or want to work with.  All who looked closer at Governor Smith saw her as a power hungry feminist, bent on showing everybody how strong a woman could be. While her single mind pursuit of power might appeal to some of the world leaders, she knew and understood less of the real world than she thought.  Based on some of her comments she expected the rest of the world to act on her beck and call, just saw a few stern words and everything would be ok.  He was rather looking forward to facing her and would like to show her how the real world worked.  Drinking vodka with his two mistresses Ivan was very happy thinking about the great and glorious future was shaping up for him and of course Russia.
Marshall Vitialy Igorovick Malevich, head of military forces of the Russian Federation and main rival of the President watched with a very different expression, Marshal Malevich was a firm believer in law and order which he picked up as he traveled outside of Russian a lot when younger while his dad was an important member of the government. His life was privileged, his rise through the ranks fast and sure, for he was a great leader and solider, he was also well connected and it was understood that he was to be protect and given a little more lee way than others. The early years shaped his outlook, as his power grew his view of where Russia was and where it should go we're very different from many others. He saw a strong and bright future as part of the world, not trying to recreate the Soviet Union or become a world power. There were more important things to take care for the time being. Once Russia became strong not just a hollow shell or old and broken equipment then and only then could Russia resume it place as a major world power but until then he would focus on Russia. As President Kirov drank and dreamed across the Kremlin, Vitaly watched with growing dismay, eating little of his dinner, for he understand the politics of the US very well and his unexpected friend was doomed along with his hopes of a major shift in relations. A bright and shining goal of only a few years ago was crushed by the weight of politics. 

USA
Colonel Alexander Pushkin, US Army, considered by many to be the finest combined arms fighter in the Army was bored, he had just attended another briefing about how the Army was going to adapt another old combat vehicle to a new role and extend the it services life instead of a new system. It was not the glorious Army Alex had envisioned when he joined up. For many years the defense budget was getting cut more and more, with the shift to terrorism in the early 21st and the success of drones the regular forces were made to do with what they had. His phone rang, it was Major Tim Tom, his second in command. 
"Hey Timman what how's it going."
"Undermanned, underpaid and under orders."
"So normal, how was the test?" The test was for the first major manned combat unit in the army for almost twenty years. It was called AW1, attack, walker type 1. It looked like something out of science fiction a cross between a robot and a tank. On it good days it walked like a Warmachine, on its bad days which were more common it looked like it had everything but a bulls eye painted on the front. It stood on two armored legs and mounted a main battle tanks 120mm cannon, it could run and jump, and it could carry different combat loads and perform minor transformation, sometime it could do these all at the same time."The test went as expected, the most basic model is performing well but many of the advanced features are still giving us problems. The brass liked the results, but the political guys did not"
"Thanks Tim, I should be at the training grounds early tomorrow, send me the data and I will look it over tonight."
"Yes sir, will do, and try to stay awake, you snore really loud."

Washington D.C
General Ian Washington Thomas Charon, Chief of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the highest ranking position in the American Military, was working late at the Pentagon again; he had the debate on TV and was half watching it and looking over some more figures. It was hard for him to decide which was worse, the state of the Military or the answers during the debate. The military was finally starting to improve from the major cuts of the previous administration and now it was looking like all the effort was going to be again for nothing. After all what type of answer is "strength is peace and peace is strength". The question was about defense spending priorities of all things, and she acts like a two bit hippie philosopher. Sure she will claim to be the most powerful women in history when she wins, but just hoped no nation calls her bluff or she will not like the results.




***~~~***


Chapter 2
Plans are created

Golden Imperial Empire 
First Captain Lord Welk Torre yi Valleen stood at the center of the command briefing room. Assembled were senior members of the major arms of the Imperial Army, Aruk Calvary, Hammers of Doom and the Sky Devils. "My lords, we have been blessed by the Golden Emperor who may he long reign, with the task of first contact with the species 6. You all have had a chance to look over the information on your assignments. Our goal is to achieve limited control of a major area of the planet, similar to what has occurred to species 5. Information officer please begin."
"Thank you my lord", said the senior information officer for the Aruk Calvary, he was a strong built and well groomed officer, an ideal of the Golden Ones. Standing at near attention and speaking from memory while a large globe of Earth was presented, "Earth has 7 major continents, 1 is covered in ice. The population of fewer than 10 billion is spread over much of the world. The most developed is in the northern half. The planet has four major seasons in most parts, a hot, cold and two transitions. Based on historical weather patterns most of the main fighting campaigns are during the coldest or hottest time. In addition the growing season is normally from the cold to hot transitions and takes place during the hot season and finishes during the transition to the cold season.  Parts of the planet are cold year round as well as part in the middle are warm year round similar to many other planets." Taking a look around to make sure all were following along he continued. "There are three major areas of organized technology and opposition; they are the North Americans, Europe with Russia and China. For our purposes we will of focus on North America. It has a developed population and is seen as the first power of the planet. When we knock them out we can dominate the rest of the savage world. Our rift gate will be located outside of the city of Winnipeg in the north on what is called North America in the region called Canada. The planet is not unified so they have what are called nations.  There are around 200 of these countries.  The most powerful on the planet and our main enemy will be the United States of America.  They occupy the middle of North America.  They are a well developed and technologically advanced for the planet.  They could have taken over most of the planet a few decades ago when they were very strong and their main rival, the Soviet Union, now know as Russia collapsed. Instead they have a version of democracy for government, it is far from ideal and we will use some of the long standing issues to better exploit the primitive population.  In addition every years they have an election to pick a new leader for the United States, we will be arriving after the election during the transition period, our researchers are predicting the current leader will lose and be forced to step down.  By attacking during this period which falls during our strike window we will be able to achieve the near flawless victory as predicted as well as increase the speed of transition for the breakdown of the primitive society to one wish will properly worship us as is our right.  For the attack we will be sending in the main army shortly after the rift gate is stabilized. As agreed upon it will be 20000 sky devils, 5000 hammers which will be used to destroy some of the major population centers and break the will of the enemy to fight, and 250,000 Aruk cavalry to defeat anything that still stands in our way. A second wave of half the force will be standing by as well to used as needed. We will have 500,000 soldiers from Occupation command as well as some free companies for general occupation of the area; these will follow the main force after a few days. Once an area is controlled we will send in the builders to start construction of defenses as well as begin the process for long term control. To create maximum havoc and trouble we will open the gate on the shortest day of the year, it is also a holiday time for them. We will arrive on December 26, 2036, 90 days from now"
The room erupted into cheers; the Golden Ones were going to war again!

Light givers
In a light and plant filled room, located deep in the heart of the central city, the governing council of the Lightgivers Empire of the Blessed Truth was in session. 
"Gift General, can you confirm the reports from the Golden Ones?" asked the man at the head of the table, he is simply called the Voice, for he controls the council and speaks directly to the Lightgiver, supreme of all the people of the true race.
"Yes great one, the Golden Ones will make a move, their plans are ambitious, we will need to watch and see if they can send as the size forces as the rumors say." Gift general Tsarin looked around the room; he is of late middle age, with a perfect body and health. He is the pinnacle of genetics and technology. He had been genetically modified to perform better and stay healthier; in addition he has had his right arm replaced with the most advanced cybernetic arm, capable of four transformations: a blaster, sword, computer and standard arm. The gift general liked what he saw on the faces around the room. The galaxy had been boring for a while, he looked forward to testing himself and his people against the Golden Ones again, he still carried the desire for revenge after over a hundred years since the last defeats by the Golden Ones and the loss of a few colonies. This time he swore it would be different; the Lightgivers were stronger and more prepared than most believed. Also this war they would join earlier and commit more to the attacks than their normal cautious methods. They did not only want the victory, but need it, for there planets were getting crowed and the people restless, they need to make some changes or get more room and resources. A victory over the Golden Ones at Earth would be a stepping stone to victory at other worlds. Truly a new and great day was to begin The Gift General looked to the voice and said, " I suggest we start planning our counter offensive, I recommend case 15." The Lightgivers command has developed many plans since the last Great War over 100 years ago when they were defeated by the Golden Ones. There are 20 levels, with one being very low intensity conflict up to level 19 and 20 using mass destruction and genocidal weapons. 
The voice looked around the room after the General spoke; he watched the reactions, looking at them all with his normal eyes and his enhanced eyes, he read their body temperature, their movement and actions. After a few minutes, the Voice smiled, it was not a nice smile, in fact far from it, for the Voice had a long and bloody history with the Golden Ones, his forces suffered during the heavy fighting and he suffered during the destruction of the rift gate, while most fixed the scars, he did not so all would remember the defeat when they saw him. The smile was of revenge, it was a smile of death.
"Yes Gift General, I agree totally, case 15 will be a great starting point."

Trade Federation
"Brothers," said the councilor Jjbeb Orson of cartel Orson, our spies have confirmed the great news, the Golden Ones are going to invade the planet called Earth, and they will bring the sixth branch of humanity in to the great game.  In addition we have been approached by the Lightgivers to supply weapons and aid in the conflict.  Rumors are the Lightgivers are going to go in great force and try to match the Golden Ones 1 to 1.  They are asking if we can support some of the barbarians and bring them to our side.”
The news brought smiles and clapping to the room. After all one of the traders favorite sayings was 'where there is blood there is money and where there is money there is always a way.'  The Trade Federation has little interest in control by conquest, but they are willing to trade anything to anybody. 




***~~~***

Interlude 2024-2028

Modern Islamic jihad would achieve is greatest results in the mid 2020s, emerging on a global scale in the late 1990s, Islamic movements fared poorly over the long run, brief victories or election success turned to quick defeats or opposition. The plotters of the Pakistan jihad understood this better than most; they saw that religious support increased with an increase in disorder and conflict. In studying many of the modern Muslim countries they saw that an increase in wealth and stability on average led to a decrease in piety and true adherence to Islam.  On the other hand when a natural disaster occurred or when one was poor or struggled, religious fervor increased. In order to be different from the other jihad groups and achieve long term success the plotters wanted to create a long term situation they could thrive in for many years but not one that would be so bad as to collapse on itself.  The plot was bold, bloody and misunderstood. In late 2024 jihadist launched a coup attempt in the capital city of Islamabad in Pakistan. The President was out of the country for a secret medical procedure to address his long term bout with lung cancer. It was feared if the opposition knew how bad his condition was they would try to remove him. The first step of the coup was to fake reports about his capture and death. The jihadist forces then with a large support from the military killed hundreds and imprisoned thousands. The coup was quickly broken, the President returned looking fresh and full of confidence swept the forces out of power easily, the army was fractured and the people soon hailed him as a great leader. His position was stronger than ever. The coup failed and the great plan was right on track. Pakistan was a nuclear power, primarily focused on their hated rival India; they watched the rise of nuclear Iran and continual expansion of nuclear weapons in Israel with fear. They secretly supplied Saudi Arabia with nuclear weapons following the first successful test by Iran. 
In order to try to gain an upper hand, Pakistan started to build more weapons. They could not hide them successfully so they lied about them. To move nuclear weapons requires the authority and effort of a lot of people, in normal times the plans take months to work out. In Pakistan the secular rulers feared a coup attempt and seizure of power by the jihadist might lead to a launch of the nuclear weapons, because of this they had a backup plan. In the event of a coup, the nuclear commanders would relocate the missile to a secure area. 
The day of the coup, a regional Pakistani general in charge of a battery of missiles followed orders and relocated 12 missiles to the storage area. 12 missiles located at the launch site and 12 missiles arrived. Unfortunately there were 14 missiles at the launch site; two had been delivered in secret as test dummies. The paperwork errors had worked. The primary plotter behind the coup was not an Imam or religious leader, but a young and power hungry general in a regional nuclear command center. His plan was brutal, launch a coup, and murder their main opposition and fail. The disorder would allow them to divert the two dummy warheads to a new site and in the confusion steal the warheads. The plan worked!
Pakistan was a strong military power, there electronics were pretty good but not the best, and they realized this and developed some protocols for the warheads. The fear was somebody would steal the warheads and detonate them. They installed gravity triggers which required them to be a particular height above ground level as well as moving at high speed similar to a ballistic launch. They could not be disabled just changed a little, changed to allow a warhead to be dropped out of a high flying cargo plane to be detonated.
Three months after the coup attempt in mid January 2025 they struck. A high flying cargo plane with all the correct paperwork and flight paths over flew Iran, heading to Tabriz in northwestern Iran. The plane flew near Teheran, where it declared mayday, some cargo fell out and then exploded, the few seconds of delay was all that was needed, the layer defenses of Teheran was focused on the explosion and debris, part of the falling cargo was a very powerful and radiation heavy nuclear warhead.
Once the twin triggers were passed, the 100 kiloton warhead detonated, the destruction was enormous, the industrial heart of the city was ripped out, 250,000 dead and 5 times that wounded. The supreme leader of Iran was in Teheran at the time, he survived but sensing the destruction and the eventual collapse of the Islamic Republic of Iran, he ordered his forces to attack. Ten ballistic missiles were fired at Israeli; their most hated enemy, six missiles and dozens of conventional warheads were fired at the main rival, Saudi Arabia. The attacks on Israeli failed, the missiles were shot down, but two still detonated anyway, the explosions did little damage, failing in Jordan, the other Syria, the radiation was a different story, mass evacuations would happen, and Israel would strike back, hard.
With the wealth of oil Saudi Arabia was seen as the leader of the Islamic world, in the late 2010s American soldiers were accused of raping some very young women, the outrage was huge, most of the forces would leave the area including neighboring Kuwait. The missiles caught the Saudis off guard, the primary targets were the oil refiners and ports, four of the six nuclear warheads hit their targets, and the loss life was low but the damage beyond imaging, the price of oil tripled in a few hours, the global economy staggered. The plan was only half done.

A few hours later the major military sites of Iran were destroyed by joint nuclear strikes of Saudi Arabia and Israeli, Iran was dying but still fought back, they launched last ditch nuclear attacks against the Kurds in Iraq and India. The second piece of the plan started, following the same aircraft pattern as a few hours before the plotters attacked Islamabad, the secular government in a crisis meeting on the emerging Iran crisis was wiped out, the military quickly took control and the attack was blamed on India. The Pakistani military is very strong but was starting to lose its edge against India due to its rapid economic expansion. Nuclear missiles hit the forward staging area and the political centers in New Delhi and Mumbai. India counter launched and the ground forces on both sides attacked. The destruction of the past few hours was unprecedented in history. More died in those few hours than any other day in history.  The plan worked perfectly, the plotters had created a large and unstable area that they would be able to dominate for a long time to come.
The United States did little, the President was newly elected focusing on balancing the budget and domestic issues, they supported Israeli in its many emerging wars, for soon after the nuclear counter attacks, Hezbollah rose in Lebanon and attacked. Israeli attacked striking at all enemies, Lebanon, Syria, Jordan and Egypt. The US provided limited support but a much needed defense for Jerusalem. The wars were short but bloody, the occupation would be long and drawn out for many years to come. 
The rest of the world suffered, the Middle East was in ruins, and the price of oil was up 6 times, only the dramatic reduction in demand kept it that low. The United States in the mid 2010s became the world largest producer of oil and gas, coupled with the increase in production from South America the US lost little of its production. China, Japan and Europe lost a lot of their economic output, it dropped by 1/3 in three months and another 10% by the end of the year. Small wars and conflicts became the norm; the major powers watched with little interest, they had more pressing issues at home  



***~~~***


Chapter 3
Rumors of War

Lightgivers staff house, Trade Federation
There was a knock on the door, the preferred method of Greater Ambassador Saorinon, for he liked the human touch, and effort was seen as respect. 
After a pause the Lesser Guard spoke, "great one, the speaker for cartel Orson is here to see you"
"Thank you and show him in and leave us in peace."
The door opened and the Speaker walked in. As per his cartel, he had white and red stripping all over his body; his white head had small stripes toward the face, on his exposed arms large strips wrapped around. He was fairly tall at 2 meters and well proportioned. Typical of the traders he was wearing a long colorful vest that draped to the ground. He made little noise as he moved; his technology was well hidden and used discreetly. 
"A good day to trade Speaker."
"Let the light guide you" the speaker relied, both the customary greetings.
"I have been instructed by my cartel leader Jjbeb Orson, to approach you as you prepare for the conflict with the Golden Ones." The cartels were businessman first, they were direct and to the point, small talk was pointless to them, time very important. "We have received new news and wanted to pass it on. We also hope that we can work out an arrangement to provide both you and your future friends the humans with some extra weapons. You are a great and powerful race, but everyone can use a little extra. Also the primitive humans will have trouble using your superior weapons. While we have some basic items lying around that might be a good starting point for them."
"While we of the light do not need anything from you, your point is well taken, humans will need some help, and it would be easier for you to supply them. I assume you have some proposals for me to pass on?"
With an inward smile the trade speaker gathered his thoughts, after all he has been trained since a very early age at negotiating and is very good at it, it was playtime once again.

Protectors of the Blessed
In a setting more of a religious event, the high tech priests of the Protector met. Down through the ages all six of the systems fell into barbarism to some extent. The protectors faired the best of all of them, for they were the most developed planet spared by the Dark Ones. Over time the ancient Blessed Ones became the focus of the planet, they unified under tech priests knowledgeable in the old ways. They became the guardians of the past and saw all others as lesser ones, who lived in heresy, for the Blessed Ones where their fathers and they the children, it is the duty of the offspring to protect and honor them.
"Our honored brother is correct, these of species 6, the self called humans, have no idea of their past, they do not even explore their own world, for we have found evidence of the ancients in the land, ice and oceans. Yet they deny the truth or hide it, please recall the most recent survey carried out and the results." said the speaker, a high tech priest, after reviewing the data. 
"They live in sin and heresy, let the Golden Ones punish them, let the others fight over the spoils, if the humans worship with us once they see the truth then we should welcome then, if the still deny it, then they have fallen and get what they deserve.”

Republic of Orion 
The recent history of the home world for the 5th species of greater humanity known as the Orion's was not so great for the locals. Astronomically speaking they were more or less in between the other major powers. With the use rift gate technology some of the other species were able to conqueror and hold great parts of their planet. The Golden Ones, the Lightgivers and the Protectors all had holdings and various enclaves on the planet. Forced early on to colonize other worlds, they were able to survive and prosper. The colonies grew quickly and helped establish the Republic as forced to be reckoned with and a major player in the great game of greater humanity. The Republic of Orion is in name only. A wealthy and powerful class ruled, elections were rigged and or meaningless. The government was small and moved through very few hands, hands that were always looking for a way to get ahead. For their main planet might be partially occupied, it does not mean it will always be the case. The head of the republics military is the first defense councilor , a slim and fit human, genetically improved to perform better in combat and command was pondering the news from a scout council member, who was also very fit and improved as was common of all the great families in Orion. The Scout council was the Republics intelligence section for foreign affairs not related to the three occupying species. Today they were reviewing the updated information about the Golden Ones and species 6.
"Sir, Earth has 5 major continents and many land masses, if we want we can control an area that is isolated but fairly developed there are a few nation states that would fit this." 
"Cofg that is true but I think we might be better to try to back a major nation instead, help them expand and slowly gain control. Or we stake a major claim in the underdeveloped areas that most others do not want. I think if we strike at the area called South Africa and the northern counties that might be best. We can get resources plus a large population. If we improve the savage's life and give them cures for the diseases then we will be able to easily rule these people." replied the defense councilor. 
"Your point is valid, we will study it more, and we can control a large area with a smaller force as well. The primitives should be easily over awed. Also if we show that we can improve some of the worst areas on the planet then we can move them that much closer to understanding the blessed truth and working on perfection."
“Yes, those were some of my thoughts as well; we must show the other races plus the primitives of Earth our perfection and let them see what can be achieved when one looks in the correct and proper direction.  We should look into the timing more, once the major conflict happens between the Lightgivers and the Golden Empire then we can make our move.  I want you to look at the time table more, we do not want to alert the others that we know there plan and have some of our own.  We will also need to ensure that we are prepared on the home planet to make sure we do not suffer any setbacks from an unexpected attack.”
“Of course sir, we are starting to set up camps on other planets and will be training specialist on the culture, languages and ways of the humans. We have a commander picked out, she will be ideal for this role, also we will double check the status of the defense on some of our colonies as they might become a target as well.”
"Good, keep sending me these reports, I want to make sure that when we attack we can properly attack, it will be crucial for us as well as success of the mission.  In addition I want to see what level of resources we are looking at using, these might need to be set aside, and perhaps a major military test or some sort of building program announced so the others do not become worried or alarmed," replied the First Defense Councilor. 

Union of Eternal Guidance 
Similar to the rise and fall of various Earth empires, the Golden Imperial Empire was not as old or as glorious as the propaganda would like you to think. 2000 years ago, the Golden Ones were pushing out again in another wave of expansion; they had a large number of rift gates and a noble class with will to expand and desire for new lands and power. For the most part it went as planned. As the cost started to mount and the true scale of the projects and what was needed to create these dream planets, the demand for cheap labor and colonist was always going up. On planet Eternal Guidance a major gateway planet with a nice climate and three other rift gates, things got out of hand. The misrule of the nobles and the desire for profits and land sparked an uprising. It was put down brutally and quickly with support of both the local forces but also elements of the Golden Imperial Army, the prisoners, in many cases entire towns or whole regions were stripped all its people and were sold as slaves. A few decades of hardship passed, the slaves grew in numbers and adapted for once a slave always a slave was enforced.  The children of the slaves were also made slaves, a true underclass was made and enforced, but it was still not enough as profits went down and the hardship increased to the breaking point. The slaves rose on a few worlds led by the planet Eternal Guidance. They destroyed the armies of the Golden Ones and declared themselves free, forming a people's republic based on a classless society. They then destroyed their major rift gates and fought any and all attempts at reconquest. After a few decades they were pretty much left alone, a new war sprang up elsewhere and the outrage was dying down.
The national goal of the Union can be easily described as disorder for the Golden Ones. . 2000 years later they were still watching and planning. The new rumors of a major operation by the Golden Ones were too good to pass up. The Union was among the most heavily defended systems around. They could afford a few out of system excursions. 
Citizen Warlord Abo was looking over the information again, he is the head of the Hellfist, a self contained military wing of the Union, his force were 500,000 strong, and their focus was on fight in various conflicts outside of the Union. 
"Tell me about these Russians, they sound like a good starting point."
"We'll citizen I  agree," replied Citizen General Lota, head of the heavy combat walker division called the Hell Walkers, one of the three main arms of the Hellfist, the other two being, Helldogs, the hover craft and Hell Fire, the indirect fire, chemical and nuclear warheads. "They have a great desire to rule much of the planet, with the right type of help and proper motivation I think they can achieve many things, in addition they are among the largest producers of petroleum on the planet and have an extensive network of pipelines.  If we look at the prizes of Europe we could gain . . ."
As Lota talked Abo was getting happier and happier, it indeed was a good time to go hunting again and cause great hardship for the Golden Ones.  It would take a lot of planning but the results would be worth it.  They had the infrastructure and the will; they would be able to achieve some great things and if the other military wings would join than anything was possible.

Trade Federation, cartel Orson
As a rule the great cartels could sell anything to anybody, but by agreement among themselves and the buyers they must choose a side in the conflict, in the upcoming war, they could choose the Golden Ones or the Lightgivers and their allies the humans. Success would depend on picking the right client as well as the right prices. The Golden Ones have a large and complex war machine. The Lightgivers are more varied since they have a wide range of cybernetic adaptations. Both use mercenaries and free companies to fight with them. 
The main players of cartel Orson gathered in a luxurious room overlooking the Cartels lush lands. After some basic opening ideas the main part of the deal was being worked out.
"Since the humans are not enhanced we should focus on providing the Lightgivers basic infantry and anti beast weapons", said weapons guide Ssam, an expert on military technology.
"Do we have an idea of how these humans will adapt to our technology, what they use now is very different," this from a senior buyer.
"They use a combination of semi protected infantry and armored vehicles, with short range barrages called artillery. They can fight well over standard fields but not much more. They might be able to hurt the Golden Ones foot soldiers but will pay the price. They will have a lot of trouble with heavy beasts. This is where they will struggle the most for the humans do not like to genetically modify their animals. The Golden Ones have spent centuries fixing and breeding the Aruk, they have herds millions strong and they can endure all but the most powerful laser and blast. They will be able to easily deflect the main guns of the humans fighting vehicles," answered the weapons master.
This response brought a general relaxing among the room, for building and selling such simple weapons would be easy to make a great profit, in addition the Golden Ones would not get that upset since they were not providing a primitive people with top grade weapons. 
The chief supplier nodded and spoke, "I propose that we prepare around 100,000 . . . 




***~~~***


Chapter 4
80 days before invasion

Earth 
The air raid siren sounded, Josh Bennett, awoke instantly, paused for just a moment then jumped out of bed and raced to the flight line. It was 3 am and just another day in the US Air Force. Josh grabbed his gear and rushed through the awakening halls. After being last a few times in at the Air Force Academy Josh quickly changed his sleeping patterns and laid everything out prior to going asleep, he most of his final gear on except for his flight suit.  Some of his friends over time made fun of him, but he was now among the first and most prepared responders in any drill at any time.  As he rose through the ranks many of his fellow filers also learned to adopt his ways as they saw the results first hand.  Moving down the hall he saw some of the other pilots emerging, also running to the awaiting F-35f lighting. The plane entered service in 2020, it was hailed as state of the art and game changing, in some sense it was, for it was the most expensive fighter ever built, due to budget issues and the major cutbacks following the Pakistani conflict it was also the last major manned fighter unit. Drones, cheaper to build and easier to maintain are becoming the main stay of the few remaining major air forces of the world.
Josh ran to his plane, it had his name on it even, Major Josh "wild bill" Bennett, commanding officer Buccaneers. As he entered the cockpit he smelled the familiar stale air. He started on the preflight check list strapped to his knee and tightened the oxygen mask. 
"Cowboy 1 to cowboy flight, move to runway 8r, get in the air and reinforce the combat air patrol (CAP)." A series of lights lit up on the heads up display, the other pilots had acknowledged the order. It would be a few minutes until all fighters were air born."1 to all cowboy flight, pair up and move to 30,000 feet, we have incoming at 245 degrees south, closing speed is 800 knots, they look to be F23 drones." The first F23 was a manned stealth fighter, it lost the competition to the F22 raptor in the late 20th century, but a good idea never really dies. With budget cuts and rising isolationism among many nations, the designers of the F23 modified the plane to be drone controlled. They modified the cockpit area and increased the performance of the plane; with no pilots there was no body to black out at 15gs anymore. The drones were seen by many as the premier fighter for the day. The morning drill was just another test of man against machine.
The beginning went as planned, the lightings formed up in time and moved to intercept, after the first missile exchange the drones better maneuverability and turning radius start to take its toll. The normal drone attack called for a quick missile exchange then moving past the outer fighter patrols followed by moving into launch position for the attack run. Today instead they performed a fighter sweep turning back onto the pursuing fighters and turning it into a fur ball. The drones scored a few quick victories before two of the own fell with a combination of short and long range missiles.  The emerging drone doctrine called for double shots on most manned air craft, the reconfiguration of the fighters to drones allowed for an increase in missiles plus using advanced computers they were able to fight both at the enemy jet as well as predict its most common method of escape.  This doctrine was one of the major reasons the drone was emerging as the prime fighter force in the 2030s. After a minute both side broke apart, of twenty fighters involved on both sides, 8 were destroyed out right and three more damaged. Four of eight of Cowboy flight were included. Major Bennett survived, even took out 1 of the 2 drones to fall.  As the drones retreated following their successful sweep he rallied the rest of his flight and prepared to continue on a standard patrol before a long debriefing back at base. 

Union of Eternal Guidance, Hellfists Headquarters
"Citizen Warlord, as requested we have been looking into the humans, focusing on the Russians, we have a few formal proposals we think can be presented to the grand council. We have picked the major Siberian city of Krasnoyarsk as the main starting point. We plan to open the rift gate 40km northwest of the city. The general area is lightly developed and is a major transit and materials area. Also there is a large amount of petroleum here. Russia is the second largest producer and likes to use it for diplomacy."
"Lota the scientists think this will help correct?"
"Yes, Citizen Scientist Orka has many ideas for it. We can use it much cleaner and better than Earth does, remember it was a major resource used by the Blessed Ones."
"We must make sure that we can use this and get enough of it.  We have been talking with others in the Union and we have their support based on acquiring this for their use.  Remember not many planets have it anymore, we have used up a lot of the other ones we have found."
"This part of Russia is near a few major pipelines, and isolated from much of the world. Early in our negations we will make sure that this is a key to any agreement. One reason we have chosen to work with the Russians is due to the enormous reserves of petroleum but also they are more than willing to trade it around as needed.  We do not anticipate many issues in this regard.  Also since it is close to some pipe lines, then we will be able to acquire a large amount of the items."   
"Thank you, what level of weapons are we looking at? The cartels will also be supplying so we must be careful, also what of their plans?" 
"Of course, we plan to work with the cartels if they are interested; we think they have some long term plans for Earth. Some of the Earth nations are very primitive and might be good for cheap labor far from home. In addition we are thinking some basic rail guns and hovercraft to start with, nothing to eye catching but also nothing that will alarm the Golden Ones or the others.  We also need to keep in mind the rumors the spies are picking up that the fallen will try to lure us into battle.  We want to be seen as supporting the Russians, not controlling them; as long as this is the case then the Golden Ones will be more restricted in their actions which will better support our cause."
After considering this for a while, after all Union of Eternal Guidance was founded by ex-slaves and cheap labor they moved on to more detailed questions about the support.
"Citizen General what scale of supplies are we looking at?"
"The Russian army, unlike many others is still very large with over one million on active service, including the Air Force and Navy. We are planning around 100,000 rail guns rifles, 2000 combat walkers and thousands of hover craft, plus support and indirect stuff including body armor and defense suits. We plan to make them as strong as anybody else around."
“Good, and you are still planning on using Unity 3, is that correct Citizen General?”
“Yes it is, we have the three large forts and Raragoon city nearby.  Based on the numbers and level of technology most of the new weapons and supply can come from there. “
“I see, and how much reinforcement with the forts need, if something comes thru the gate we will need to be ready.”
“Citizen, we will need to make some upgrades but the last round covered most of the major items.  The biggest changes will be for the humans and of course the liaison branch for they will need to learn Russian. In addition as part of our negotiations we will request permission to build a minor fort on the Russian side of the gate, this will help warn our defenses if anything surprising happened.”
“I do not see a problem with this, how do you plan to act once the gate is opened, if they attack us right away it will make things very bad.”
“Well . . . 

The amount would be a major investment for the Union, but most of it would be old items that can still work in a second rate battlefield like Earth. The plan would be prepared and submitted to the grand council for review.  

Earth
Colonel Pushkin was up early; his command team was working out tactics for anti-amour engagements. Unlike the Air Force, ground combat was personnel heavy, and very dangerous. The speed of the foot soldier was virtually unchanged since the ancient days; weapons have become faster and more powerful. Mechanized forces can move more people farther and faster but are big targets and expensive. The goal of the new AW1 program was to create a one man unit that could defeat a squad of regular solders, fight with the big boys and be able to hold an area as occupier or peacekeeper, a unit never before created.
"Colonel, we must break each walker down into a unit, I would recommend a group of four, where the different tactics and weapons can be used, no walker pilot will be able to learn and perfect all the tasks," said Major Tom.
"The brass and politicians signed off on the idea of one man doing it all remember the slogan, one walker one army," responded a tired looking Pushkin.
"Colonel, the Major is right, at least two man teams, similar to fighter jets, you cannot hear or see very well inside the cockpit as you know, yes there are cameras giving 360 degree view but you still need to watch an area. The team gives you this," said by Major J.J. Jackson, and expert in urban warfare and Ranger.  
"Look I know all this and agree, but if we cannot create a versatile unit as promised then we will fail the test and our funding will be cut. Many are calling for a guard version only or light paratrooper. Not a fully armored nasty SOB," replied Pushkin. 
Sir, can we at least try the two man team, if we run the drills we might be able to find out what were are doing wrong on the single units," replied Major Tom.
"Ok, just keep it short and sweat, I do not want to be accused of wasting time."
"Of course Colonel, I am short and always sweat" replied Major Jackson, at five foot two and 120 pounds most considered her best looking of all the females in the unit. 
"Good, also do we have any update on what the British are doing, we will be compared to them, last I heard we are still ahead but the Brits know how to build things and have a lot less red tape?"
"We Sir, nothing new has come in the last few days, but we are keeping up with them, we also have access to some of the test they are performing, we will use some of these as the basis of our multi units test, since this is what the Brits designed theirs for," said Major Tom.
"Good then let me know what you want to run, for the first few lets run them as compassion tests where they will fight in pairs and them move to the single units, this will allow us to better understand what is going on.  Now get out of here, I have some calls to make," said a smiling Pushkin, everybody in the unit knew how much he loved the calls to the bean counters.  

Australia
When Bobby meet Yoko for the first time it was not love at first sight, or even anything close. Bobby to his friends was also Captain Bob McColin Australia Army, retired, former member of the British special air services, (SAS). Very tough, very strong, 6'-1" and a solid 200 lbs. in regular clothes he looks like he goes to the gym, at the beach he looks like the world class athlete he could have been if he stuck with Australian rules football. Matsuri Yoko of Japan is the proud first daughter of a middle class family. When her friends describe her the first words are always smart, very smart, damn smart, genius and the like. Her IQ puts her in the genius level. She graduated with two master degrees early from Japans famous engineering school at Tokyo University; where she picked up dual degrees in automotive and mechanical engineering. She had a few patents to her name before entering college. She likes to exercise and is very good looking. 
Bobby can make almost anything and fix even more stuff, he understands electronics, computers, anything mechanical and can drive, fly, steer, pilot or just plain move anything that was designed to move and a few things that are not. Yoko has a method or plan for everything; she is great at finding and determining the best way to do anything. They were total opposites. After a few big clashes and many arguments they decided to work together on a project. Many years later the project remains unfinished, but they started a company together, got married and now work together to create new, great and sometimes strange things. 

"Yoko can you start the engine, I think I got it this time, really" said Bobby, he was trying to build a speeder bike like in Star Wars. He recently decided to try to create most of the major science fiction items in the movie. He was working on a light saber, a big mech walker and more. Unlike many other people his designs were the real deal. They were designed to work.
"Honey are you in the flight suit yet and have done all of the safety and system checks?"
"Yes dear"
"Honey if you get hurt or burned, I will not let you kiss me later."
With the biggest threat hanging over his head Bobby checked again. The test worked, it was not quite as cool as in the movies but the hover technology allowed it to get pretty close. Living in the northern rivers in New South Wales Australia, Bobby saw many civilian and military uses for it. A single or double rider air bike could easily move through the bush lands and deserts. Also act as a rescue vehicle and many more. Once they could improve it a little more, they would start the patent applications and marketing. It looked like another great idea coming to fruition. 

Great Britain 
Colonel Winford Riley Scarborough, Royal British Army was not happy, he was jet lagged and tired. He had just come back from another disappointing meeting with the Americans in Washington D.C. He was still surprised that after visiting the Pentagon again that the Americans did not tear it down, it must be one of the most depressing buildings he had ever been in.  Looking at the Americans he could not help but see how the mighty had fallen, and how much further Britain had sunk as well. Decades of budget and physical cuts were showing glaring holes everywhere, weapons systems were old and broke. Thinking to himself, he saw little use bringing up the past again it would just make him angry and distract him, after all he had work today and an army to maintain and develop.  He was tasked with working to develop a separate armored walker program but still compatible with the United States and the going was tough.  The plan was to build on the team concept of air combat.  They would recruit from both the ground forces as well as from the army air force.  The new tactics were being worked out by others as well, but Winford still needed to develop the walker as well. In a few weeks he would be meeting with the designers as well.  In an easy world, the meeting would be quick and simple.  In today’s Britain the budget was everything.  A certain amount of funding was to be set aside over the next few years.  The goal was to produce a walker that was a good fighter but also something they could maintain for a long time.  The meetings would revolve around both the cost and benefits of each item.  Multiply each item by hundreds of walkers and then by the lifetime of the unit and the cost of each item was huge.  Also while the rest of Europe was starting to turn the corner from the depression of the last decade, Great Britain was still struggling and the future money might not show up after all.  The stress and pressure of developing something that might become the future of the Military was enormous along with proving the Royal Army was still among the best around.  It was a challenge he looked forward to everyday and would do whatever was needed. He was an officer in the Royal Army and he would not fail his King.

Moscow
The meeting was dragging on again; President Kirov was talking about the return to glory of mother Russia and how now was a great time for it again. The various ministers, including industry and commerce were all in favor being Kirov's handpicked appointees. Others like the Defense Minster Villanova , a short very fit, ex general and Minster of Interior Gorky were being non committal. A few other ministers were in favor of the reforms the Marshall was pushing for. 
"I will tell you as many times as you need to hear it, the reforms are needed for victory, if we push to soon, we will act as stupid as Hitler did many years ago. We are finally seeing an improvement in our supply and quality of units. Over the next few years and increase in training will make that a reality. Barring any unforeseen events we need to wait a while"
Looking around the room the, Marshal could tell he had little effect, it was pretty much given, all the battle lines had been drawn, until events in the USA and Europe were clarified after the elections nothing much would happen.
Later that day after the meeting finally wrapped up, the Marshal meet with some of his top staff as was custom. After some basic small talk and daily check up, Vitaly reviewed Operation Touchdown again, Russia's lighting attack in Europe all the way to the ocean. "General Orlov what is your update regarding the American reinforcements for Germany and France?"
General Vladimir Constantiovick Orlov was the Chief of Staff of the Red Army and in charge of the planning of the army’s role in the operation. A former tank commander, Orlov was well liked among his troops; he was from a wealthy family and used his own money for training and compassionate reasons. He paid for the medical operations of solders family members and fought against stupid government rules time and again.
"In looking over the election numbers they were worse than many expected, many think the American public has very little taste for war, if we can fight fast and clean it will be over before they get started. The key will be how much of a cut and how quick will the new President be towards the defense budget, the down side is the defense budget is starting to be an election issue again and a small but important changes might occur, while I think anything of value will be a long shot, they might increase the funding in a new key technology again."
"Would it still be in our interested to look at China for a little misdirection as we have discussed. If they start pushing again at Taiwan and a little saber rattling with Japan, it should keep their attention there, after all the new president said the biggest threat to the USA was communist China and the state run economy which is running neck and neck with the USA for largest," said Admiral Golitsyn, via conference call, head of the Northern Fleet and currently in Archangel on a training inspection.
"We would need some sort of large scale secret agreement I think, if they move against Taiwan and Vietnam, with a naval push into the South China Sea, then a few days later we move into Eastern Europe might work. We could upgrade a lot of aircraft very quickly for them and provide some of the new MIG 61 and Su 74 jets," replied the Marshall. While he is opposed to President Kirov and his plan the goals are about the same. The Marshall believes in freedom more and wants his people happy, where Kirov wants power. The discussion would last for a while and be repeated over the next few weeks.




***~~~***


Interlude 2028-2032

In 2028 a new American President was elected, different party, same ideas.  The economic collapse would be called the Nuclear Economy.  The years of cutbacks and depressions were over, the major world economies started to grow again.  The German economy had gained 10% from its lowest point by 2028 and was leading the way for Europe.  Still down by more than 30% from its pre 2025 days it was slowing changing, the dramatic energy programs were finally working, oil consumption was at its most efficient ever.  Non-Fossil fuel, non-nuclear power plants now accounted for over 50% of all power.  The story around much of Western and Central Europe was the same.  The economies were starting to grow again.  In England riots and major protest lead to less dramatic government plans, as a result they were still struggling with sustaining growth of almost any kind.  All across Europe military budgets were cut to the bone.  Most countries had very serious debates about the need for a military in general.  

In the Middle East, Israel occupied Lebanon, Jordan and large areas of both Syria and Egypt, including the entire Sinai Peninsula.  The occupation was very bloody and violent on all sides.  The refugee crisis of Iran and Iraq was ongoing.  The Kurds were fighting against all enemies including what was left of Iran and Iraq as well as Turkey.  Russia still very strong compared to most countries stayed out of the fight.  The chaos, bloodshed and religious tension was just too much.  They had their own issues in Chechnya which flared up again in 2030.   In 2029 General of the Army Vitaliy Igorovick Malevich was promoted to Marshal of the Russian Military.  With cash from the dramatic price rise in oil, he was able to start his long planned reforms.  The plans were practical and ambitious.  Items would be upgraded where they could and new programs created to fill the gaps as needed.  The plan would take around 10 years, but at the end Russia would stand once again very strong.  In 2030 the fifth post Soviet President was elected.  In a highly rigged and controversial election Ivan Isofevich Kirov won.  Kirov was the golden boy of Russia.  Climbing fast in the business world he took his families small factory business and turned it into a major powerhouse.  Along the way he made new friends with the best and worst of Russian society.  In the late 2029 he was riding high, with President Gorkov in failing health after his second heart attack he began to make his move.  Potential rivals were smeared in the press and media, the reports were mostly false but very damaging.  Engaging in American style campaign ads and tactics he narrowed down the field of possible candidates to only a few.  Russian politics was always hardnosed, each played for keeps.  Ivan following in the footsteps of his hero, Iosif Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili, commonly known as Joseph Stalin, he started to employ stronger and stronger tactics.  The daughter of one of the leading candidates, a well respected and married woman was broken in the media.  It was found that she had an abortion and taken another girl as a lover for a short time.  The father painting himself as a bastion of conservative Russia was out of the race.  If he could not control his own daughter, then how could he control the country?  The last major candidate was killed in an unexplained mugging while walking his dog at night.  The message to the candidates and the people was clear. Kirov was not going to be denied.   Many liked his as well; he was strong and forceful but also accomplished a lot in his short years.  Gathering allies in the Duma he was able to pressure President Gorkov to follow in the footsteps of Boris Yetlsin and stepped down as President of Russia on Dec. 31 2029.  Kirov would win the election a few months later, where he would meet his biggest rival, Marshal Malevich, in power for only a few months himself.  They would shape Russia for the years to come.  

The midterm American elections of 2030 were the turning point in American politics that many had hoped for, for many years.  The Republican and Democratic parties for the first time faced a powerful and well funded third party.  The Center party, a simple name and simple idea emerged.  The trend of both parties was to pick the most extreme voice for each race.  To pick the most liberal or conservative person, and then support them along party lines; vote after vote was party line, any person who strayed was targeted by the party for removal or election challenge.  A group of both Republican and Democrat along with some major people in the media and business world started the new party.  Tired of the diehard members from both parties and the rise of the TEA party in late 2000s and the LNW in the early 2020s, the party was founded based on a middle road approach to most items.  Much of it would be left to the states to decide.  The party after a shaky start soon gathered greater momentum, there ads and commercials were positive and clean, and the party candidates in most cases were normal everyday people with a good and clean past.   Contesting elections where they had a good chance they were able to pick up a large number of seats in the state houses as well as a few in the House of Representatives.  The rise of the Center party was confirmed and they soon started to set their sights on the 2032 election.     




***~~~***


Chapter 5
50 days before invasion

Washington, Election night Jaster Campaign headquarters 
The results were starting to come in, while President Jaster was trying to keep an upbeat appearance, he knew he was defeated, the big question of the night was by how much and how the rest of the party went. He was aware of the quick glances from the staff; he talked with his team through the night and watched as each state came in. Truth be told the results were not as bad as some feared, they were still pretty bad, with a three way race nobody was going to get 50%, put his showing was in the mid twenties so far behind both the republican and democratic leader, Gov. Smith. 
"Big Bob, how are we looking down south, will the party gain a few seats?" Big Bob, as he was called for he had big ideas and lots of energy, even at 5'-3", was head of the campaign and second in charge of the party only behind the party chairman. He was on top of every race and knew almost everything going on.
"We'll sir, we are looking good on a few areas like the Carolina's, Florida we should take a few, but also might lose a few as well. Over all pretty much as expected, we have strong results in many areas but most will not have much of an impact."
"That is what I was thinking also, out. West we look pretty good and might gain in Texas, what do you think?
"I would agree, we look pretty good there, but we are getting smashed in the northeast and Ohio River valley worse than we thought. It looks like we might even get shut out up north," replied Bob.
"Well we can just be a regional party; it might work better for us anyway. We can stay active and focus on the south and west. We will start to push the others out and force them to be more regional.. . ."
The president would talk with his staff long into the night. He had come to Washington D.C. looking for the big change and lost; know he would focus where he had a better chance. While it might be the end of the road in many respects, tonight was also a starting point for much more to come.

“Welcome back to our continuous coverage of the 2036 election.  We are now going to the Tampa conference center where President Jaster is expected to announce his concession of the election,” said the host.
“My fellow Americans, you have spoken, and while I might disagree with your choice, I am also here because I was also chosen 4 years ago.  Tonight American completes the dreams of countless people; tonight American joins a host of other nations and elects the first female President.  President Elect Smith, I congratulate you on your victory and look forward to working with you over the next few weeks of transition.”  Stepping away for the microphone he shook hands with many of his staff, after a few minutes he returned to speak. “While I am defeated tonight our voice and our cause in not for we will once again move into the opposition and I will if desired by my party and the American people lead the way.  Over the last four years we have started to make and shape this country and return it to the promise of hope for all.  This will be my goal moving forward.  I would like to thank all the members and supporters who helped us on our campaign, also I would like to apologize to any and all who felt that I betrayed or cheated them.  I now call on each and every American to unite and help support this country moving forward, for united we stand and united we can achieve greatness once again.  Good night and God Bless America.”

Trader Federation 
Capital City on Prime, the home world of the Trade Federation was not a beautiful city.  The government did not make it a show piece of the nation as many others do.  The city was full of traders and it reflected that character.   The tallest spire was the Government tower, at 3 miles high it was taller than any other tower by 1 mile, constructed over 1000 years before it was a large, boxy and drab building.  It held the bulk of all government office and functions.  Spread out among the rest of the city was other large towers.  Each major cartel had one; some had two when they outgrew the old one.  Each was a reflection of the Cartel, some very beautiful and others functional or strange   Located within a few miles of the government tower, Tower Orsson was a thing of contrasting styles.  400 stories high, it was among the taller buildings.  Each 10 stories a different style was reflected in both the inside and outside of the building.  Each style was unique, some taken from different planets that they traded with, other made up based on a whim or an idea.  A guiding principle of the cartel was to understand and know the people and planets they traded with.  A trader of their cartel was expected to visit all the planets, and spend time on each of them learning about what made each area special, unique or similar to others.  Working on the 355 floor, in a traditional looking and arranged room with a working fireplace Cartel Leader Jjbeb Orson was going over the arrangement with his team.  “Speaker I will need you to return to the Lightgivers and follow up with Gift General Tsarin, he is missing his time table on his first contact team and this is starting to impact our opening work.” 
“Of Course Jjbeb not a problem.  I will leave on the next transport out that way. I have heard rumors that while most have embraced Tsarin's plan, they are balking at doing the training and improvements as needed for they feel that they are all read strong enough.  I also plan to stop by Plant 121 and Tower group 564 to see what the hold up on the hand held weapons is.  Each tells me that they are doing what they can but we need to start getting this worked out if we are to meet the time frame,”  replied Speaker Kkbeb.  
"Good, what are your thoughts, do you think the Lightgivers are ready or is Tsarin correct?"
"Tsarin is correct as far as I can tell, I am not very familiar with the Lightgivers military as many but they do look good in parades but the little of the tests I have seen they look unready in some key areas."
"I was afraid you might say that, I have other looking at them and they are saying similar if not worse things.  Many are starting to fear that the Lightgivers have a much deeper strategy and may be using Earth as more of a pawn than we are led to believe."
"I have heard rumors as you know that they might try to make this a much bigger war, but they are yet unconfirmed and are also based on various factors like the invasion of Earth that we cannot plan around for now," replied Kkbeb.
“I understand, also what is the update on the arrangements for the opening of our gate in the Southern lands.  I read the report but I want to hear from you.”
“Cartel Leader, the negations are about done, the other cartels and the government have approved the opening in Australia.  We expect to have the location penned down to either outside of Coffs Harbour or Nossaville.”
“What is the issue, once we get this figured then we can finalize the plans?”
“Cartel Leader, you know Cartel Ojackson Cartel Ohaharere, they like to talk, at the end of the day both know it is what we decide since it is our energy.”
“Yes I know both of them, they like the sound of their own uneducated voices and think others do as well.  We will have the rift gate near Noosaville as you have recommended. Let the others know it is decided. Clear?”
“Clear Boss, I will pass it on to them and the others.”  
“Now please let me know what the status of the visitor's village is?  How many people have been trained so far in their languages and what is the status on the surveys of resources?”
“Boss, I got that”, replied Aagi, a tall hour glass shaped woman with long green hair, an ideal combination in the Trade Federation.  "The village is almost ready we just need to change a few more rooms and then the plumbing is last.  We are going to change part of the rooms to a low technology solution and leave the others as is.  We currently have 105 trained in English, 40 in Japanese and Korean.  We have 20 in Russian, Chinese, French, German, Spanish and Arabic.  We have 10 trained in many of the other languages.  We will double that number before we start.  Also we have been preparing the staff for enhanced interaction with the guests.  In addition we have a team of 50 being prepared for the summit and to live on planet Earth.  500 more people are being trained to the basic levels and will be advanced as needs arise. “
"Very good, I want to have them perform a few tests for me.  We have copies of some of the most popular shows; I want them to stage a few live performances for me and some of the others just to make sure they are up to standards.  I do not doubt anybodies ability I just want them to be confident in what they say and do."
"Of course Boss, I have had them working with some of our people in the entertainment business and they are helping them improve the body language as well as learning how to read and understand the humans' body language.  We are also working with drones that are programmed to copy various people and accents."
"Good, very good, now I understand that they have a variety of views on the human body?"
"Correct Boss, we are planning to try to work with those that are more open as we are but for most of us the people of Earth are very conservative.  One of our biggest problems is determining what is proper and what is not.  We are also having some of the entertainers learning how to better interact with both men and women.  If nothing else it will reduce any embarrassment and reduce stress for all of us."
"Very good Aagi, I knew you would understand, these human seem very fragile in some cases and since we do not have any history with them then our first few encounters will be important.  Now I have another meeting with the Lightgivers and will try to learn some more.  All of you keep up the good work."


A few hours later after the meeting Cartel Leader Jjbeb Orson was in another meeting.  He was sitting in the plush quarters of Greater Ambassador Saorinon, head of the Lightgivers Empire of the Blessed Truth delegation for the Trade Federation.  “Greater Ambassador, thank you for seeing me, I think we have much to discuss in regards to our newest adventure and I wanted to review a few things in person if you do not mind,” said Orson.
“Not at all my great friend, when you call it is I who should thank you for meeting with me.  May I offer you some endo to drink; this was produced in the mines of Capo 5.”
“Capo 5 does produce a strong glass of endo, I see the red coloring is in perfect balance with the liquid minerals,” after taking a full drink, he smiled “yes quite the right balance, I think that has helped me focus already, shall we?”
“Of course, what would you like to discuss first, you have been getting our reports on time I hope?”
“Yes we have and thank you, first I would like to discuss the long term colonization plans.”
“I can only tell you of what we have as of now, they will change as need arises of course.  First we think Earth will need to be changed in many ways, the easiest way we see this is to allow certain groups to leave and start colonies elsewhere.  There are many groups that will not embrace the Blessed truth of the ancients.  They will strive to keep the false religions and ideas.  These types will be a hindrance to the proper development of the planet.  One of these groups, the Islamic nation, I think they can be called, has recently suffered great destruction.  They are seen as many to be a great problem and a destabilizing force, if we can move some of these to another place similar to what they have now then this will greatly reduce their power.  Also many are rich so we can charge them a lot.  In addition a few have large amounts of oil which we can use.  Now we are not trying to force any change but hope by offering certain opportunities to particular groups then can start to better integrate the humans of Earth in Greater Humanity.”
“That sounds like a reasonable idea, after all there are plenty of planets and moons around that can take them.  If I remember correctly they are more of a desert people, I think finding a hot and dry planet will not be too much of an issue, if nothing else there is a system I know we can use.  What about some of the others?” responded Orson.  
“If Species 6 is to become a true empire then they will need to spread out.  It will take time, but I think if we can use the fact that the planet is not united to our advantage  it will allow us to  pick and choose who to take and where to place them. In addition many will want to leave Earth and explore new worlds.  Some are idealist and other adventurers.  We have various groups in the empire are willing and able to sponsor colonies on some of the new worlds.  In the near term we are thinking about a temporary rift gate system to allow a larger number of systems to be explored and colonized.  Our view in general is to encourage and work with the humans that are interested but not do everything for them.  Also if they make up most of the early exploration parties then they will have a sense of ownership which will speed up the process."
“Yes, some of my cartel thinks the same, there are a lot of different groups but we can place them as we choose.  In addition it will speed up the creation of a union if we can make sure we take a balanced approach. These humans have a long and complex history that they cannot even agree on.”
“Yes that is our hope also, currently they can survive on Earth, if we move them off then a new system will need to be created, and using the common languages we can narrow the general differences.”
“Good Ambassador, I think I can live with that.  How about the Chinese, they are very strong, the number two power on the planet?” said the Cartel Leader.
After a quick sip from his own glass the Ambassador gathered his thoughts.  "The Chinese are complicated.  It is the view of the council that they are not to be trusted or helped unless they are watched and controlled.  We have studied them for a while; many have called to aid them while others are calling for outright attack.  I think for now we will leave them alone.  If they work with us then that is fine, but if they cross the line then they will die and die hard. They are too strong to let loose.”
“I am sure that can be arranged, we are also staying away from China, they are strong but have little we care about.  We cannot easily access their market so we will work on other areas.  Also their actions and words are very different I think we will see the emergence of the real China after a few years.  Right now they are powerful but are able to control information.  Once we arrive and they see the truth of our heritage then we will take another look at them. Speaking of other areas we are also looking at some of the major developing nations as they are known.  We think India will be a good starting point, they have a large population, based on the level of development they should prove to be a good and cheap labor force.  Also they are an old country that is also young; they have a caste system which we might be able to use since many of the worlds will not be very open with the new immigrant humans. This should help us push them to create a new and Free State somewhere else.  In addition we are looking at some of the other ex-colonial people like the Brazilians, Mexicans, South Africans and some others in Africa.”
“Yes, I think we could support you on this, if nothing else it is a starting point and if done correctly then we can become great friends with these people.  Once they enter the new colony then we can offer work on other worlds as well.  We are also in need of a working class,” said the Lightgivers Ambassador.
“Good, I think that will be good for now, my only concern is trying to understand these humans more, as trader we spend a long time studying each culture to better our chances and reduce our misunderstandings but in studying these some of the people of earth I do not think will find very much happiness in the new reality. Now  I am short of time but wanted to clarify a few things on . . ."
 



***~~~***


Chapter 6
Preparations 

Lightgivers
Gift General Tsarin was in a bad mood; his people were preparing to fight the Golden Empire and restore his people's honor as well as gain a new friend in Species 6.  Cartel Orson had agreed to supply additional weaponry to the humans as well.  He should have been in a good mood.  New reports were coming out and it looked like the pride and joy of the Lightgivers was not what it seemed on first glance.  Exercises were being run throughout the military, and each day new and alarming short coming were occurring.  Items were missing, corruption was high, and drills were pushed back or delayed so the officers good sleep longer or attend a party with the local elites.  The most alarming report was the state of some of the combat walkers; these units were being prepared to face the Golden Ones Aruk armies with support from the Americans.  Instead of making the needed and ordered modifications they were trying to hold onto the parade ground trappings and look.  These young idiots wanted to fight in their best looking walkers and cared little how well it fought.   If the battle was not so serious he would let them fight and suffer, but if he did the Aruk could kill them all and that would not be a good way to start the war. The truth of the matter is, the Army was soft.  The hard work of the previous generation was taken to be enough.  The Golden Empire would quickly be defeated and the mistakes of the past would not be made.  Each time Tsarin mentioned the reports he was told they would be ready, they would be on time and they would win.  In addition the leaders were still arguing about the makeup of the first contact team and the rules.  The team was supposed to be picked 20 days ago.  The first contact position was being seen as a great prize and being used to make deals for various promises.  Even the Trade Federation was getting upset it was taking so long. When he read some of the reports he thought it sounded like the constant intrigue of the Golden Empire and he was sick of it.  Each member of the team needed to have the Earth files and body modifications completed.  Plus each team member needs to practice and perfect their Earth languages.  All of this would take time and the first impression would be the key, perhaps the most important step.  For if the rumors were true the Golden Empire would launch a very deadly opening strike and the view of greater humanity as a whole would depend on the first contact team.  If the team failed, the Lightgivers themselves might not find allies but enemies.   Working late into the day Tsarin finally had a break, after again conferring with his old friends he decided to give them ten more days before he would start making changes. 

Golden Imperial Empire 
First Captain Welk Torre was in a good mood, Lady of the Estate Leliilei and her entourage had just left.  She and the others confirmed that they were looking forward to the creation of Draco and the expected benefits.  She also suggested a change of location for the Palace.  Since they would be attacking New York, why not claim the entire island of Manhattan.  They then could easily limit access to it and it would be a clear statement to all of the power of the Golden Empire.  While the Palace would be small in comparison to most other worlds the location would more than make up for it.  Also the builders could easily construct a weather shield to protect the island and make sure that the plants imported from the homeworld would not die of frost or snow even in winter.  It would be like a sparkling diamond in a dark room.  Thinking of other events, his mood started to turn to anger again.  The demands of Leliilei’s entourage and family were getting more and more outrageous; many even impossible, he wondered if they even knew anything about Earth and the location of Draco.   In addition they kept on asking about the military side of things, the information they wanted they knew he could not give them but they still asked and asked and asked.  If he could establish Draco and marry Leliilei then many of these people would have to change their ways or change their location.  

Grand Council Building, Eternal Guidance 
The worlds of the Union of Eternal Guidance were beautiful when they could be.  In direct contrast to the Golden Empire most of the buildings were short and small.  Many were connected underground as part of large diverse and unique underground cities.  The technology which as prominently displayed in many cultures was carefully hidden and while many of the buildings were very nice looking and intricate they did not have the flash or grandeur of the Golden Empire.  The Empire was the eternal enemy; while they could make buildings just as great and nice, they would not copy nor emulate the rigid class system and their decadent buildings which were a waste of resources and benefited few if any.  Instead they would build do it on a smaller scale and be for the benefit of the people.  The Grand Council building was not an exception, it was less than 10 stories high, compared to the Golden Palace of the Emperor at 600 stories, and covered an area of only 2 city blocks.  The building was almost 100 years old, and it would be replaced soon, based on tradition the Grand Council building would be replaced and rebuilt every 100 years.  Four sites around the capital were chosen to host the building.  The original site was still standing but every 100 years since it had changed.  It was a tradition carried out by other local governments and planetary building as well for many saw with a fixed capital building the city develops in such a way to reflect individual power and status.  The Union was built by the former salves of the Golden Empire and nobility was outlawed.  By creating a simple and sometimes plan building the focus would be more on what happens inside.  The current building was light green and designed in a natural and organic manner.  It was remarked that straight lines were not allowed.  The Council chamber was located at the rear of the building overlooking a private garden space.  The 10 councilors of the Union as well as the current 1st Councilor were present.  These 11 ruled the Union.  
“Greeting Citizen Warlord Abo, and thank you for coming and spending part of your day with us.  We know you are busy with major preparations; we just wanted to follow up with you and see what help we can offer,” said the one of the two Councilors for Harmony and Order.
“Thank you Great Citizens for meeting with me, I also would like to thank you for approving this plan and allowing me to take part in it.  I have recently submitted extra information to you and would like to discuss this with you.  The initial scope of the efforts by the Fallen (the name commonly used for the Golden Ones in the Union) has increased, we have new information that additional attacks will take place against Lightgivers holding in a couple of systems."
“Yes Citizen we have looked over your reports and agree with your conclusions.  I think we must not underestimate the Fallen nor over estimate the Russians.  I would propose that the Death Givers also be brought into the plan fully.  By sharing the basing in Russia we can keep a larger portion of both groups around.   Also if the humans prove useful then we have additional forces to use.”
“Thank you 1st Councilor, I have worked often with my brothers in the Death Givers, they are a great and proud unit and welcomed in this endeavor. Now with that taken care of, I would like to know more of the plans for the humans and the Russians.  If we know some of the longer range goals then we can start to work towards these early on.  Remember that we will tell them as much as we can but we can shape the truth as needed.”
“You are correct as usual Citizen,” replied the other Councilor for Harmony and Order, we want to create a new conflict with the Golden Ones, we think that there plans for Earth run much deeper than just a small colony. If we look closer at the plans then there is little value in such a small and dependent area.  The home planet of species 6 is very diverse, hew planets can match is variety but the resources are not balanced.  If we look at our future friends the Russians they have very large area but also a large amount of natural resources.  If we look at the area the Fallen want to control, it is a famous and important area but cannot supports itself, it is very dependent on other areas from across the entire planet to support it.  Further more if they destroy large portions of the major cities or create a large refugee population then the value of the colony area is less.  The current emperor is not stupid, he always has very deep and obscure motives, while the nobles prance around he is thinking long term.  If we look back over the last few thousand years ago the Golden Empire triggered a couple of wars as a blooding for a much larger conflict.  The Golden Empire has not fought a major war in 100 years, since the last clash with the Lightgivers.  Some of us believe that the Fallen are trying to bring species 6 into Greater Humanity early on purpose, we do not know why yet, but we need to be prepared for them to try to strike harder and in more locations that expected.  As a result we want to try to limit our total commitment at the beginning as well as confuse the situation on Earth by developing a new friendship with the Russians."
“I have also worried about this, I have seen reports about droughts and other financial hardships among the great families, many believe that the sole reason is to create a new colony to exploit and get cheap labor but I am glad to see that the council thinks differently for the amount of effort required will strain the limited resources for what looks to be a limited or long term gain only.  This is something most of the nobles would not agree to,” responded Abo.
“Yes, we feel that while your reports are important the Emperor would not approve a plan if he did not think it would have a long term benefit.  He cares little for any one family or class; he pits them against each other to see who will win.  The loss of a faction or two will be nothing to him.  There must be a deeper reason and this is why we must get the Russians on our side.  If they can control a large area with our support then we can use that as a spring board against the Golden Empire and will not need to commit as much resources as they will.  Wars as we all know are not only won on a battlefield. “
“Very Well Citizens, what would you like me to do?” replied Abo.
“Your current plans are good, it is the long term we want to work on, we think that . . ."

USA
Cornel Pushkin was feeling good this morning; all week in fact, the defeat by the President was distracting all of the politicians and the high brass. In addition the incoming President mentioned she liked the AW1 program, it was one of the few she did. Of course talk is cheap when it comes to funding but he was finally able to get some stuff done the last few weeks. Sitting in his office at the proving grounds, along with his brain trust, Majors Jackson and Tom along with a few others, he was looking over the last test as well as some new info from the Brits.
"We'll JJ the new programming of the finger controls is paying off, but still very touch and go," said Pushkin
"I agree sir, but we are getting close and much better than what it was.  In addition new grip and proposed removal of the second trigger to the left hand should help better balance the use of the hands now that we are moving remaining lateral controls to the feet and knees,” replied Major Jackson.
"What are the Brits doing, their results look good from where I am standing," this from Captain Oliver, in command of a strike unit group, replied. 
"We'll gents our British cousins have a different firing mechanism than we do, this is a much simpler model than ours. Also there's as you all know is based on the four man team, so functions are split based on which weapons pack each unit has. They trade some performance for ease of change. This allows them to keep it much simpler also the cockpit configuration is different for example they have most of the movement controls are on the feet, they based a large amount of control to the feet like in an airplane than we did, we started more like a car, but we are now moving closer to the plane set up.  In addition we are using a different electronics package where they are using a more balanced hydraulic and electronics,” replied Major Tom. 
"Tommy is right" said Pushkin "we have a different beast than they do. The recent test of two and four unit teams showed it clearly our greatest strength is the single and pair, also I think this is a concept we can get the brass to agree to as well. I heard from General Dickson yesterday and he agreed with me on this." 
"Ok sir, then how should we deploy for the next exercise, for we are to stand to and become operational in less than 30 days and we have not finalized a lot of stuff," answered a clearly frustrated Jackson. 
“Correct gentlemen, we have a tight time frame, we will proceed based on the team approach and follow ops plan DD12. We are expected to get the next 100 walkers in the next 10-15 days. Once we do that it will be our opening strength, around 160 total. We are expecting to get the remaining 160 before Christmas and have the new units up by the 1st of February 2037."

USA
"Cowboy 1 to all cowboy units' break and attack," ordered Major Josh Bennett as he pushed his F35 hard through a turn. They were running a test against a mix of drones and fighters today and the major had a few tricks, very dangerous tricks up his sleeve today. The human body could stand a large amount of G forces before blacking out, a fighter performing a high speed turn can easily reach this, and it is one of the major advantages of the F23 drones. Josh's idea that he worked out with some others in the squadron was to push the turn harder but not smooth, so the G forces would be higher but shorter, also the turn would seem jerky, this would confuse the opposing enemy especially the drones. As the formation broke into single units, against all doctrine, another change today, the planes started to pull erratic turns, also they switched on and off the radars and changed course at random. Over the secure circuits Josh heard the progress of the others, 'cowboy 7 fox two, switching to guns and moving in' splash one, from cowboy 3 Bennett's second in command Captain Ashley brown, a 5,-4" stunning no nonsense brunette from Georgia. Continuing his turns Josh was now in firing range, "fox two" two of the supersonic AAM24 dropped from the centerline launch bay and quickly speed toward the two targets one very far to his left and one low and to the right. The third part of the plan today was indirect fire, to target units that you are not directly pursuing and launch from angles of attack that were in ideal firing positions. The two missiles headed toward the targets, one impacted in the center of the drone and the other missing but still damaging the ageing F22 raptor. Engaging his flaps and air braking to a near stall Bennett was able to fall in behind cowboy 2 and act as his wingman. The two of them engaged three targets among them, using new handoff missile technology one of Josh's missiles was taken over by cowboy 2 and slated to his target. Using both missiles from different angles cowboy 2 bracketed and destroyed the target, another drone. Both side separated and pulled off, each trying to get a better angle to move in. The Buccaneers and teammates Jolly Rogers were playing offensive today and were smothering the target with a high and low approach. The third squadron in use, the Thunder Gods were moving around the main groups and flanking the enemy heading towards the primary strike force air command, a military Boeing 787. Seeing the new threat some of the attacking fighters were pulled back and the drones sent back in. The furball of fighters was fast moving and changing shapes in the blink of the eye. The Thunder Gods launched, but instead of hit the homerun and knocking out the air commander with a long shot attack they launched 4 missiles each in hand off mode and combined these with the other squadrons were able to flood the space with a lot of missiles, the move was unexpected and decisive, victory to the offense. 
The new plan was a rounding success, a few losses on his side was set off by over 50% damaged or destroyed on the other. It was the first time in a long while that humans got the best of the drones, normally a equal ratio was considered good, but almost four to one was unheard of. Major Josh Bennett was soon the talk of the fighter plane world, the Pentagon was starting to review the training test and see what happened. After landing and reviewing the film, the squadrons stood down for a while and had a victory party, the units were in high spirits and the aura of the drones was broken. Knowing that the planners were going to test them again and again to prove it was a fluke the three squadrons has toast after toast for each good deed. The hangovers in the morning were greeted with a gleeful smile, knowing this morning was for victory not defeat.

Britain
Colonel Scarbourgh was freezing; laying on the frozen ground in northern Scotland was not his idea of a good time at 2 am. The 711th Royal Infantry division, currently consisting of less than 500 was running more tests. Working on the inbuilt sensors as well as checking how well it can function in rough conditions was the purpose of the two week visit to the proving grounds. The walker or commonly called the Scarecrow by its users was performing well. It was not as fancy or capable as the new American version, but it was working in its designed role. The British designed the unit around the SAS concept of four man squads; each walker would have a primary and secondary role and weapons packages. Using two elements of two they were able to provide fire power control and flexibility, in doing so they were overcoming many of the problems the American had. Thinking to himself, the real battle will be funding and numbers. He was confident that the test were going to be good enough, it was just the cost was high and the budget very small. 
"Major Althaus after this test I want you to run a few at half strength and 3/4 strength. I am thinking we might not get the numbers we want so we need to see how far we can stretch this." Moving the electronic scanner from his face, he turned and nodded. "Of course sir, I have a few plans already ready,” replied the short but very strong major, the colonel’s executive officer. After all good XO was always trying to stay two steps ahead. It would make for a long couple of days, as well as very cold for a large storm was expected but perfect for the testing.  Returning to the test he saw the first pair of walkers crest the hill, as soon as they did, the opposing armor forces started to engage.  The taller profile of the walkers was a disadvantage is this case compared to a tank, upon detecting the danger the walkers quickly responded, and by allowing only a small number to crest the hill the others were able react.  Soon pairs of walkers were rushing down the hill at high speed the foot work was impressive for such a machine.  Once they passed a few meters they spread out and started to take evasive action.  The forces lost a few walkers coming over the hill but now the tables were starting to shift back.  The higher profile and vantage point of the walkers was now and asset.  Unlike the American units, the British equipped each unit with an electronic periscope it increased the height of the unit but gave a better view of the battlefield. It continually feed information into the battle computers and allowed the pilot as well as other members of the unit to gain valuable real time information.  This was one of the key points and concepts of the walker program and the use of a squad approach.  Raised a few feet above the top of the walker, it was able to see father as well as look down upon the enemy forces.  This was important since most of the camouflage being used was more for ground level.  The battle computers of each walker interacted with other members of the squad and using the different angels and views of each unit could defeat all but the best camouflage.  Soon new orders were given and the pairs of walkers spread out with a new and deadly purpose.  Moving at high speed across the treeless area they were able to force the attackers on the defensive.  The next few minutes were fierce, with both side losing units.  Shortly after, the enemy commander ordered his forces to with draw and regroup.  Today’s test was now over, Colonel Scarbourgh and his Scarecrows were victorious again.   

Australia
“Bobby, look at him, he is so cute, kawaii akacyan ne Bobby, Bobby are you even watching him?” said Yoko via video phone from Chiba City in Japan, just east of Tokyo.  
“Honey, I have been watching for the last few days, all he does is sleep and burp, which is pretty manly at his age,” replied Bobby, in his workshop in Australia.
“He does more than just sleep and burp, he is full of life, you are just mad that you need to work while I get to relax.”
“Of course dear, I am sorry, that must be it, I am just over worked,” said a smiling and very sarcastic Bobby.
“Over worked is it, what now that you must make your own dinner, and take care of the house, oh and take out the trash and do the dishes and wash your clothes and look after the plants and shop for food and what else?  You are now over worked.  Here I am sitting in Japan, thinking how lucky I am to be married to such a strong and hard working guy, and now you are telling me you are getting soft, did you even do your 200 pushups this morning?”
“Wow that was a long list, was I expected to do all that, can you start over I will write it all down and then search on the portal do find a video and instructions for each of these.”
“You are a funny man, Bobby.”
“Well I think you work hard enough for both of us so one of us must be the funny one.  If I told people you were the funny one they would not believe me.”
“Bobby, if you are trying to tell me my sis is funny, then I will call you baka, stupid, if she is funny then perhaps your sense of humor is broken from your time in the army,” said Saori, just out of sight of the camera.  
“Well Sa, how about I tell you how cute she is, also how she likes do to, well how she likes it when I do.”
“Bobby, that is enough, I will not have you speak silly things to my nephew,” replied a smiling Yoko.
“Do not worry Yoyo, I will wait until he is older and understands, that way is better ne.” 

Two weeks ago, Yoko got great news, Bobby, not so great, Yoko’s sister Saori just gave birth to their second child, this time a boy.  Yoko was thrilled; within a few hours she had a flight booked to Tokyo.  It had been planned well in advance; Yoko would travel to Japan once the baby was born.  The company would be fine in her absence and she could still work in Chiba pretty easily, assuming she choose to.  No, Bobby’s problems was not being a bachelor for a few days or even having to do his own laundry and cooking it was how Yoko kept pushing for a child.  Bobby had a tough childhood and wanted to ensure his children would not.  He was all for kids, he just wanted to complete a few things first and then settle down.  Yoko on the other hand changed her mind often about when and if she wanted them.  Go to a friend’s house with kids and she wants one or two or even three.  Go to the beach, same thing.  Go to the shopping center or supermarket and no chance, does not want any.  Yoko and well behaved kids, great, and Yoko and bad kids not so great.  Once she got back in a few days she would continue to say how great little Hiro-kun was.  It would be a long couple of weeks but perhaps this time she might finally decide that soon would be a good time.  




***~~~***


Chapter 7
Final Preparations 
USA
Major Bennet was bored sitting in his office, something unusual for him.  Last week they had the units Christmas Party.  The party was a good time; it even relaxed the mood off for a while.  Many toasts were drunk to the end of drones and the return of real pilots.  This week and for the next three weeks the squadron would stand down and restrict flying to only 1 flight a week.  With schools out across the area noise restrictions combined with budget cuts forced the flight cancellations.  The flight restrictions were not the only ones, similar to the last few years, holiday leave was very difficult to get.  In addition the traditional use of military transportation was forbidden.  
A knock on the door brought him back to reality.  Sticking his head in Lt. Smith was smiling, “We cracked it Sir.  Just let us know what you want and we can do it.”
“Good then let’s go check it out.”
Quickly heading out of his office, they made their way to the training center a few building away.  When they arrived another group of smiling airmen greeted him.
“Hey Boss, we got it, and you were right about some of the training numbers.  Our performance envelop was reduced in some tests to increase our chance of getting shot down,” replied one the team.  'It' was the scoring code for the training and evaluation software for the recent set of tests.  Since the test did not use actual weapons each and every action needed to be weighted and scored.  While it was easy to determine if something was a direct hit or clean miss, determining explosions and the resulting damage was very difficult.  Each weapon was ranked and given a score.  Popular belief among the pilots was that the scoring was slanted to make the drones look better.  Comparing the scoring to some of the published numbers from the past few years showed it was true in some of the tests.
“Well Gents, looks like we have some homework over the next few days,” said Bennet, settling into an offered chair and no longer bored but now full of energy.  

Golden Imperial Empire 
Lord Welk Torre yi Valleen was ready to get to work.  His forces had been assembling on Colonial World 6 for the past few days and were almost ready; in a couple of days at most the invasion would begin.  He was even getting along with his main rivals, the Second and Third Captains.  He recently received updated reports from the Imperial War Captain and was now anxious to move.  The reports confirmed that the Lightgivers were preparing to contest the invasion of Earth but the size was larger than expected by them, around 50,000 was the newest number.  He was still confident of his battle plans for both the primitive humans as well as the Lightgivers.  On top of that the psychological elements in the opening attack would break the will of the primitive people.  Once the Lightgivers arrived they would have very little choice but to sit back and watch the establishment of Draco Colony for the Lightgivers would never commit much of force in direct combat for such little gain.  He would not be surprised if the Lightgivers themselves also fought the primitive humans for while he hated the Lightgivers he did respect their ability to fight and they demanded this of their allies as well.  If the primitives caved in fast enough they would be found wanting in the eyes of the Lightgivers and the alliance might never happen.  In addition this would be the first time in a very long time that a new member would be added to Greater Humanity, the last member of the remaining 6 planets.  The reactions would be varied, many would want to bow down and worship, while other would be scared.  The Golden Ones would show great strength as well as mercy.  While other races like the Lightgivers would interfere, they would not be able to impress not manage to control the natives as well as he could.  He was also ready to get started to finally allow the other advisors as they called themselves to get to work spreading the great truth about the Blessed Ones to an ignorant population. They might be deeply religious and warriors of great renown but they were also very annoying.  The next few days would be busy; a follow up visit by Lady Leliilei and members of her faction would be welcomed but also needed to be precisely coordinated and this would take up a lot of time.  He still did not understand why they needed to meet so often and what the holdup was, they were interfering with his plans.   His usual fleshspots and activities would need to be put on hold for a while as well.  He would also have meetings with the head of the Occupation forces, the Talos builders and military producers as well as the major suppliers.  In addition many new and old favorites would need to be talked to, favors would need to be given and taken.  The politics of war would dominate the next few days, then the easy part, the real battles would begin, the invasion of Earth was a few days away and the forces of the Imperial Golden Empire were ready. 

Lightgivers
Gift General Tsarin was working out last minute details, his forces would soon pass thru the rift gate for Dysonin world, which would be the last stopping point prior to moving to Earth.  The force was finally assembled, and while not up to the standards he wanted, it was much larger than he truly expected.  The last few weeks he pushed harder and harder on the training and performance standards of his forces.  Finally a few weeks ago the results he wanted were finally appearing.  The good news was the actions on Earth should be limited giving his commanders time to better prepare.  They would be fighting in a specific area against a small Aruk army. While the invasion of species 6 would be important other attacks would take place as well.  For Earth the first wave of troops would be around 100,000 and other attack forces were even larger.  The expectations of the Golden Ones would be off by a lot, they would now face a much larger and much stronger force than they planned on.  The invasion also had a lot of extra preparation.  The Lightgivers would be meeting with the humans of Earth for the first time and need to make a proper impression.  Finally after many months and lots of side issues the liaison officers and other translators were ready, well trained in English and human customs they would ease the transition of the Americans and others.  Still the fear of the Lightgivers was an unexpected attack or complete collapse of the human society.   The rumors of the opening attack by the Golden Empire varied from a simple rift gate opening and Aruk charge to multiple rift and large number of city killing attacks, both nuclear and chemical.  Some of the most extreme even had the use of biological and nanovirus weapons to specifically alter or kill the humans.  He remained himself and all others daily not to try to push too hard or expect too much of them.  The 5 species of Greater Humanity had for a long time been in direct contact, the humans of Earth, this would be the first time and the reaction would be varied.   Coming after the arrival of the Golden Ones would also be tricky, their propaganda would need to be refuted, but the truth would still need to be told.  Also coordination with the Trade Federation would be important, they would play a role in the future development of the planet and would be the key down the road in seeing the colonization of different worlds and the rise of the true Empire of Earth.  

USA
Col. Pushkin was angry, no he was mad as hell.  His Unit had just failed another surprise test.  This test was unannounced and brutal.  A few days ago he was ordered to stand most of the unit down and confirm the wear and tear on the walkers.  Each walker was brand new and the evaluators needed to confirm the scale and scope of the issues after a series of tests.  It was an expected development.  It was also understood that the unit would be unable to perform surprise tests.  All in all, Pushkin was very happy with his unit performance, they exceeded expectations in many areas but the test was designed to make them fail and fail very badly.  There were strong forces both political and in the military that wanted the program to be killed or changed.  Some did not like the idea; others were protecting vital business and jobs.  Still others did not like the tactics, the price tag, the concept, or even the Commanding Officer.  A few Colonels and Generals thought they would be a much better choice to lead or oversee the program.  The next few days would be full on.  The Unit had another test scheduled for December 27th and also would participate in the New Years day parade in New York City.  After a quick stop in the gym to punch and kick a few things Pushkin and his team got together again and started the big push.    
“Ok boy and girls, we will cut a few corners, I want everything back together ASAP, we have a test on the 27th and we will need to make sure everything is working for that.  Also Christmas is soon, the more we get done now, then you can have Christmas off, as promised, we will work as normal on the 26th and prepare.  Once we finish the parades and stuff then we will give you some extra time off.”  
After the small group he was addressing broke up, he called Major Tim aside, "I want you to monitor how we are going, I want to make sure they can all enjoy the holiday and if possible, half day on the 24th.”
Nodding, Major Tim, left and started to track down the senior commanders in each group and relay the good news.

Florida
President Elect Smith was lounging by her private pool in a 5 stat resort in south Florida.  She arrived the day before after touring the country in her pre inauguration trips and would be spending the next couple of days here.  Soon her extended family would arrive from New York and other places to celebrate Christmas.  For New Years she would travel back to New York City and make a circuit of the major talk shows and other venues.  These would be her last easy days until well into her first term as President.  The preparations for the Inauguration were well under way.  Her political team was sending out all the invitations and would make it a great show and statement, for she would become the first female leader of the country.  The days before the event were also being scripted; she would touch on all the major cultural and historical areas as well as quick trips to some of the key spots and monuments of the early Women’s rights movements.  Hearing her private phone rang, she checked the number, it was Jason, one of her more important aides, he was working on bringing the new congress into line. 
“Good morning Jason, what is the update?”
“The first few days' things are looking good, all of our allies are on board, some of the Republicans will join no matter what, and the key as you know will be in the specific language of some of the bills.  Still, I think we will get to pass most of your major items.”
“Why only most, we need to make a big statement.”
“Jessica, we need to remember many of these people want to be cuddled and taken care of, their ego is bigger than yours in most cases.”  Jason had been with the former Governor for quite a while and was formal when required but both preferred to keep it informal and direct when in private.  Each trusted the other and did not want to waste time or effort when time was always of the essence.  
“Will they support the Gay rights and equal pay amendments? We need to get that passed quickly and then out to the states were we can let our partners work.”
“Yes, we are looking good on the two amendments, the equal pay will easily pass, and both the Democrats and Republicans will go for it, if nothing else the symbolism is important, even the Center party is making noise to support it for that reason.  As for gay marriage and rights, most of the democrats are still on board, republicans are still officially against it but we will be able to break a few away, also many of them who oppose it sense they will want to keep the fights to the state level.”
“Good, at least we will get those two, now what about the others, can we open more federal lands for mining as well as the off shore areas, or are the tree huggers still upset.  In addition can we push back more against the 2030 pollution standards, the big donors were specific that these standards were costing them a lot of money.” 
“Well, we are getting good news there as well, but many are still opposed.”
“How about the funding for the EPA, are we going to be able to kill it?”
“That is one of the hardest ones, I think after we push on the 2030 standards then we will have a better idea.”
“Ok, will they support the creation of the Federal School System, this was a key in my platform, I know it will take a while to bring about but it will create major changes to society and break the bigots that run most schools.”
“I have had many long talks with  . . . “

Republic of Orion 
Combat Team leader Cals was on the planet Titanius, in the Hobitanus system.  Home to the primary training ground of the expeditionary wing of the Scout council, it was a heavily militarized planet.  Unlike most other worlds, extensive terra forming has happened over the centuries.  It was originally shaped to act as an agricultural and research planet soon after the invasion and partial conquest of Orion.  Over the centuries it came to be the primary research area and now home of the training and proving grounds for the military.   Different parts of the planet were shaped and transformed to copy a large variety of climate and environmental conditions.  Located in the central area, training ground RT10 was now being transformed into Southern Africa.  The Orions believed in proper training, and proper training means a proper scale.  Using a scale of 1 to 1, they started to layout out the major roads and formations of the entire southern 1/3 of Africa.  A large army of worker-shaper robots were building highways, and ditches, small villages and major land changes.  They were even creating a lake 500 yards wide to mimic the oceans.   The scale was truly breathtaking but the Orion's had it down to an art, they could over a few months reshape 1000s of kilometers of area to almost any shape or size.  They changed a few training areas practice against the various rift gate forts of the other races.  In addition they had developed large and transformable building systems that could accurately reflect a large scale border fort and not break the bank.  These could be reconfigured to show combat damage in a few hours, new layouts or a new enemy in just a few days or weeks. 
She was currently with combat formation 12AZ and 15AZ working on the timing of the first few minutes and hours of the rift opening.  “Combat Captain Commander, I like your suggestion regarding the natives, I think in most parts they will be very restless, if we stay flexible and even increase the time frame as you say then we should be able to simply starve or break the will of most of the population.  It will not be a glorious victory but may help lead to something more stable. In addition it will reduce the bloodshed; in comparison the other races will look very bloody."
“Thank you Leader, in studying the natives, there are a few different groups, the ones in the tribal areas will be hard to breakdown, these we might look at either destroying or trying to bring into the greater plan more, an in between role might not work so well.  They have been marginalized for much of their recent history and have not developed as much as some of the other areas as you know.  If we treat them right as equals then they can be very powerful.  We must be careful though many have tried to exploit their race and color before for less than honorable reasons."
“Thank you for following up, We will look into it some more and see what we can do.  Perhaps the medical staff will be able to come up with something as a starting point after all we have a need for a great number of people, we will see what we can do.  Now Combat Talon Scout, what is the latest on the major mines and resource gathering, can we seize these but still work with the non native owners.   The wealth generated will be minor in the beginning anyway but they are crucial to the local economy and will make it easier to both keep the employment rate up and increase our interaction with others of Earth?” asked Cals.
"Leader, it will depend more on image and if the natives are still willing to work. We can create a trade program or ensure that the jobs remain then many may stay.  Also we will need to make sure that whatever the law is we can make it work for us.  We might consider reducing what they call the tax and other fees."
“Please proceed with your ideas; they are similar to many others but best to see what everybody has come up with.  The biggest factor is how will the natives of Earth react to invaders?  Also if after the Golden Empires attack, another country might use nuclear weapons against us if they feel we will hurt them economically or become a major threat.  This is perhaps our greatest challenge, while we will have sufficient anti-missile defense it would be a bad start and may cause a negative reaction if we cannot easily stop the attack. Also if we stop one attack they might try to attack again in a more underhand means, many of the cultures think this is a great way to fight, we will need to be prepared.  I want you Combat Captain Commander to increase the training and options for dealing with this threat.  You will the lead commander, if the major northern powers launch missiles it will be around 30 minutes or less to impact once the rift is first detected.  While I think the rift gate will remain open the forces will be vulnerable at that time."
“I agree Leader, we have a few plans in place, I will review these again with my staff and then we can do a full rehearsal in a few days, I want to wait a little longer for the terrain to be improved.  Then we can stage out of training area RT9, create a planet rift and use both land and space based systems to test the teams."
“Very good Commander, let me know when we can do a full test, based on the resources and effort we are putting in, we need to get it right. The invasion will be within a few days.  Now let’s continue with the drills, I want to reduce the amount of water each member has and increase the amount of weight.  We will be entering in the hot season and need to be prepared.   Furthermore . . . . "

When the Orions first started to interact with the other groups of Greater Humanity they were commonly compared with the Protectors based on the desire to be proper descendants of the Blessed Ones.  In the early years the population was small compared to most other planets.  The goal of the Orion culture was to achieve perfection and harmony.  These two traits would be the pillars underlying almost everything they did and will do.  The Orion military today is very strong; many rightly believe that they could easily reclaim their entire planets if they wanted to.  Instead they allow the occupation to continue due to the high cost of the war.  Their military strategy is not to kill or show power, but to show perfection and harmony.  They seek to do this based on accurate and precise actions.  Their weapons are among the most accurate and sought after.  Collateral damage is looked down upon and in most cases lacking harmony.  The goals on Earth are again perfection and harmony.  A large part of the plan is to break the local population but not kill in excessive numbers like the Golden Empire.  After the conquest they will then work to incorporate and enhance the living, social and long term conditions of each area.   A major effort will be to ensure a large group of medical specialist will be present to start to cure many of the common disease and conditions.  As part of the training at RT10, specific drills and test involve large number of non combat personal.  Combat Team Leader Cals was fairly happy, a few days ago the last major test was started there was always room for improvement but all parts of the plan were working The current test had been going on for 5 days and would last for 1 more.  This would be the last major test prior to standing down and preparing for the invasion.  The test had been tough, a full scale rehearsal involving 110,000 personal, all staging out of RT9 and passing thru the gate.  The army of robots shapers had completed the work 12 days ago.  The results were impressive.  Major highways and small villages were everywhere.  Mock cities of proper size were constructed to improve the urban fighting of the troops.  All that could be done was done to ensure this would be a near flawless victory.  She had sent the daily reports back to the Scout Council, and would be meeting with them in person on the home world in two days.  The Scout Council had finally give approval two days ago.  The next few days would be very busy, but the invasion was well on track and they would also know the results of both the Golden Empire and the Lightgivers rift gate opening.  This information taken from spies would provide a crucial edge.  Smiling, Cals started to jog back to the training area; she had a few more things do to here before the big show begins.

Moscow
Late December in Moscow was cold and slow.  The Duma was now in break and most of the major political functions of the government were on standby until early next year.  President Kirov would be leaving for the south soon.  He would be making to quick stops on the way, one in Volgograd to visit the monument to the battle of Stalingrad and Sochi to check on the repairs and upgrades to the Olympic venues from 2014.  They were being upgraded as part of his efforts to host a Russian National games in order to improve the standings in the Olympics in 2038 to be held in Austria.   Marshal Malevich had other plans over the break.  He would be meeting with his staff again and again working out how they could fulfill the Presidents new orders and still maintain the reforms that were close to being complete in many areas.  The conflict between the two was at an all time high, rumors were floating around of a major post New Years shake up in the military, and many of the Marshal’s allies were rumored to be moved or removed from their positions of power.  It would be a long and brutal struggle, but if he was prepared he would be able to stop Kirov and maybe even get rid of him. While Kirov was popular he did have a lot of enemies and they would be ready to pounce if he showed weakness. He had been growing less stable and more irrational over the last few years. His basic plans to refurbish and upgrade the areas in Sochi was opposed by most for it was excessive and diverted a lot of resources to only his chosen companies. The Marshal had his agents traveling with him would continue to provide additional blackmail information.  He had a large amount of it now but needed to wait to get more or have something to dramatically the change equation where he could challenge the President directly and get away with it. He could easily launch a coup and maybe succeed for a few days but he needed both the support of the Russian population and the international community.  If the President went too far in his partying or pushed too hard against the Marshal he would be able to fight back and fight back dirty.  The Russian people wanted a tough and firm ruler, Kirov was this.  But they also wanted a ruler that was working for the improvement of Russia, they would allow them to drink and chase women but the country was still very conservative.  The Marshal would continue to wait; his dreams of a better Russia were still progressing.  




***~~~***


Interlude 2032-2036

The year 2032 would be a watershed moment in the history of the United States.  For the first time in since the Civil War a new party was able to win the presidency.  The dreams of countless people was achieved and doomed to fail.  The Center Party lead by Dominick Jaster, a former military officer, businessman and philanthropist, and his Vice President Thomson won in a close but dominant victory.  The problem with wining a three way race was nobody gained a 50% majority.  The early days of victory were short lived.  The new gains by the Center party were quickly contested in Congress.  History will later judge the Congress of 2032-2034 as one of the most successful in a long time.  They were able to pass many new measures in a tripartisan manner.  They touched on many needed projects and while no major changes were enacted improvements across the country were the results.  “The hope of the nation” is what Dominick Jaster was called, while he did a lot he could never do enough.  2034 mid terms saw the Center party suffer defeat after defeat.  The Democrat party had turned to a new hardnosed leader, the Governor of New York, Jessica Walker Smith.  She was effective, charismatic, well loved, well hated and brutal all at the same time.  Helping to sustain New York in the dark days of the late 2020s she was a popular hero, her story made great reading.  Her tactics made victories.  The 2034 election would go down as the dirtiest, nastiest election since the Civil War; it was also the most expensive.  Following their success they were able to easily push the Governor to the front of the pack for the parties Presidential Candidate.  The nomination was quickly awarded months before normal; a new tactic was created to face a triple party election.  The dramatic moves halted most of the party infighting and created a large and powerful war chest for the election month ahead of the Republicans, the victors of 2028 who were fighting amongst each other.  While never formally agreed both groups decided they would rather lose a seat or election than let the Center Party win.  

In Russia, Marshal Malevich was still struggling with his reforms. President Kirov would help lead the nation to new greatness.  Major reforms were enacted and by 2034 they were starting to show promise.  Kirov was starting to become more and more erratic.  His victory in the 2035 election was a foregone conclusion, after the killing of two leading contenders; no body ran without permission.  The final vote was 80% in favor.  Following his victory a short and quick purge of the opposition meant him and his party Russia Now was in total control.  Harder and harder to control he took more and more time off to enjoy and indulge in his passions.  Barley hidden from the public by a brutal and effective censorship much of the day to day running of the country fell to others, others like Marshal Malevich and his allies.  

In China, an internal power struggle was brewing; still recovering from the major economic crisis of the late 2020s China was now running neck and neck with the United States as largest economy in the world.  Growth in China was looking to race ahead but somehow the United States stayed on top.  Diplomatically China was not well liked.  The uses of state owned companies to further their political goals met with opposition and sanctions from many.  Trade treaties from the early and mid 2000s were throw out and new harsh restriction were put in place.  China now had to struggle and compete on the international stage as an equal, no longer treated as a developing nation they were forced to agree to tough environmental and human rights accords.  When they failed, many European and other nations looking for any reason to protect their own economies pushed back.  Growth in China was averaging between 3-4 percent for the past few years while strong in real terms it was barely able to starve off a recession due to major population growth and the ever increasing gap between the rich and the poor.   Fearing a decline in power and prestige and with an upgraded military new long term plans was created.  

In the Middle East, little had changed, the occupation of many areas by Israel increased, most of Syria was now occupied.  In addition parts of Iraq from time to time were as well.  Supporting the Kurds as a counter balance they were able to achieve a limit of peace.  In the non Kurd occupied areas major insurrections were daily.  The body count was rising and rising fast.  Iraq, Iran and Turkey all faced a growing power in the Kurds.  The Turkish military held its own for the most part but had internal issues and a flair up with Greece and Russia diverted much of the resources needed.  Pakistan, Iran and India were all still struggling to rebuild.  Large refugee cities were common and only now were food and other basic services being provide for.  In Saudi Arabia they were using their money and were able replace and repair the damaged oil production.  The increased price meant a windfall in profits.  A new work force was imported from the camps and soon they were buying the newest and best military on offer.  The rulers of Saudi Arabia while devote followers of Islam were also practical.  They forged an un-official cease fire with Israel and started to prepare for the invasion of southern Iraq.    




***~~~***


Chapter 8 
Invasion

40km northwest of Winnipeg.
A bright flash of light occurred in the early hours of December 26. 2036, the light was so bright the few people awake at 6:00 am saw it in Winnipeg. After the quick flash a low sounding hum was heard, after a few minutes the fogginess of the rift opening got clearer and clearer. Five minutes from start to finish and enough energy to run a million plus person city for a year later a link between two worlds was created. The probes were sent through first, ten six legged two meter high all black spiders like machines quickly moved forward and disappeared for a few seconds and then were clearly seen on the other side. The information sent back was greedily reviewed and found to be in the acceptable range. The information was forwarded onto the command team and First Captain Welk Torre. Standing in his most impressive and dashing uniform, he reviewed the information carefully, after a few dramatic moments he looked up and spoke
"It is time to bring the golden light to this primitive world, let us begin. Second Captain, proceed as planned." The invasion of Earth had started. 

The scout units of the 10th Vella were first through; they flew ahead and secured the perimeter of the rift gate. The gate stood 1 km high and about 15 km long. Soon the lead units of the Aruk Calvary were heading to the pass through points. The lead engineers and traffic control teams were out front and keeping everybody in line. The process of moving a large body of troops through the gates had been worked out for a while but a new invasion as this one needs some effort, for no two planets can easily be linked up, some time the gates were well connected, in the future the gate would be shifted a few kilometers. Three main routes were quickly developed large amounts of snow were moved to create distinct traffic lanes; the engineers marked these as they pushed forward, and they quickly established new grid and reference points. The Aruk Calvary crossed the border; the Golden Alpha 18 of colonial camp 18 was the first major unit to pass. Colony 18 was a harsh and brutal planet, the warriors were few but considered among the best the empire has to offer. There place of honor was well deserved. They quickly spread out and started the march to Winnipeg.
While the invasion force was large at over 300.000 soldiers it was still tiny compared to the total population of the planet and region there were fighting in. Reinforcement would be allowed but first some major gains needed to happen, if all else fails then they would cut the rift gate and cut their losses. A major part of the First Captains plan was to shock and awe the opponents. This would be done by a three part opening, first was to send the Aruk in three flying wings with proper support, one south to Winnipeg, one east to the major Canadian cities and one southeast to the USA. The second part called for a quick conquest of a major city, in this case Winnipeg and the third a demonstration of raw power. The second and third objectives would be carried out by the Hammers. The Golden Death beta formation passed through on the heels of the Alpha 18. Moving a few kilometers from the gate into their pre plotted positions they quickly set up and prepared to fire. After confirmation from first captain which was quickly given the hammers fired; using the newly designed chemical warheads they rained fire and death down onto an unsuspecting Winnipeg. Each specially designed warhead, contained a large amount of three gasses, all three fatal, two were nervous system attacking, they quickly overwhelm the body's functions and kill in a few seconds. The third gas, which would linger for a few days, was a favorite of the Golden Ones, for it was designed to attack their enemies but not themselves. The Golden Ones had a few special DNA markers unique to them, using this as a safe guard, they created a gas know and the “silver riddle” for historical reason, it would kill any who came in contact with it that was not protected or a Golden One. It meant, in practice that that a large dangerous area could be quickly overwhelmed, and in a few days control set up while the local population could do very little.
The gases quickly spread through the city, few were outside at this time, and they would quickly die, those indoors only a few minutes longer for the gases dispersed into the general heating systems of the city. All buildings that were pulling air from the outside as either make up or fresh air would suffer. The causality rate would be close to 100% in the city centre. 200,000 would die by the end of the first hour, when the leading units of the Golden Alpha 18 arrived most of the city would be dead. The second objective was completed the Golden Ones would be able to quickly claim the city after cleaning up the mess and make it their own.

Camp David, USA
The President was awake at 5:00 am; he did his morning exercises and had a quick and nutritious shake. He was at his desk working by 5:45 am as was common.  Being the day after Christmas and a lame duck President, his day was pretty much on his own for a while, at least until congress returned after the New Year and he headed back to Washington DC.    The previous day he had a quite Christmas with some of his close family and friends late in the day after help prepare Christmas dinner for some troops and the cities poor.  Most of the guest were both happy and surprised how well Dominick was taking everything. He and his party were in freefall and could easily be just a foot note in the history books instead of a major shift in the political history of the nation.  Instead they found him to be full of energy and looking less stressful than they had seen him in the last few months.  Now that he was about to finish most were abandoning him, most felt it would be a mistake to quickly count him out. The morning was calm and cold; a fire was already going in the fireplace, a staff member starting it when he was exercising.  He liked the rustic feel of a fire; he would sometimes chop wood himself when the secret service would let him.  His two media screens were on, both showing the news, later he would turn one to the college football game later in the day.  The news was turned down and pretty slow, most stories were about the big after Christmas sales and returns.  As 6:00 am passed, the rift gate was opening, he continued to work, looking over funding issues and trying to work out ways to ensure the new president could not change everything she wanted.  

Washington DC, Pentagon
General Charon was also up and working, he was at back at the Pentagon going over some paperwork and trying to ensure a smooth transition to the next leader, it was more an effort in damage control than anything else.  Yesterday he briefly stopped at a few places to help prepare Christmas dinner for the troops and veterans as well as visiting both the Vietnam War memorial to lay a wreath for his grandfather who died during the war and Arligtion National Cemetery. While he was not automatically out of a job when the president changed, President Elect Smith did not like competition, and the good general would challenge her on almost every cut back and decision she made.  He was expecting to last less than a week.  He believed in civilian oversight and enjoyed his struggles with the current president but sometimes he wondered how people got elected who had no clue about some many things.  As the clock moved past 6:00 am he continued working, while a bright light was being reported, it was in Canada and not a yet an issue for the Chief of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to be notified of.  After all it had not even made the news yet.

Winnipeg
It was dark and cold, but the brave or foolish crowds, depending how one considers standing in line for a shop to open at 6:00 am, were gathering this year as all the major brands again had huge sales.  The growing prosperity of the last few years was starting to settle in.   This year record numbers were expected, the new Greenwall centre recently opening near the forks rives in downtown was the place to be.  It was Winnipeg’s new and hottest spot, the leading brands in the city were there, even some of the largest companies in the world opened the Canada flagships here instead of Toronto or Montreal.    This would be Greenwalls first holiday season, the post thanksgiving weekend sales and events were the talk of the town, the rumor was post Christmas to New Years would be even better.  The majority of people started showing up at 3:00 am, after all it was -20C and even Canadian’s feel the cold.  By 5:00 am the stores employees started to show up, rubbing sleep from their eyes and carrying coffee or hot chocolate

New York City
It was also cold and dark in New York, the amount of lights made it feel much later in the day.  The cities stores and shops were planning a blowout for the day after Christmas.  During the late 2020s the major shopping day became December 26, the larger use of gift cards and new shopper card trends lead to less presents under the tree but each person was a able to pick more themselves.  In 2036 the economy was starting to look good, the last three years sales had grown, the city its self was turning a corner, this week most were hoping for bold numbers to show they had turned the corner.  All down the fashionable streets of Lower Manhattan, the shopping centers of the 5 boroughs and everywhere else the lines were forming and starting to move.  The trains ran free from midnight all across the city; they would be free until January 3, all in hopes of boosting sales.  At 6:00 am the sales started pouring in; people were out in force and ready to shop.  

At Cheyenne Mountain in Colorado NORAD, the heart of the American nuclear and aerospace defense was always alert, shortly after 6:00am the rift gate was detected near Winnipeg.  A message was passed on from sector control to his supervisor which was forwarded to the watch officer.   A message was sent up the chain to the commanding officer for further investigation and study.  At 6:12 am Major General Dyson was at his duty station following up on the Christmas activates and looking over the rosters for New Years, when the first message appeared.  Unusual electromagnetic energy was happening near Winnipeg, as the General started to look at the data feed, new alerts appeared, fast moving objects were detected moving toward the United States.  A flash message was sent to the northern sector air defense network.    4 F23 drones were always on alert, 12 hours on and 12 off.  As soon as the message was sent the drones started to move, within 2 minutes they were airborne and moving at high speed to intercept and destroy.    2 minutes later all northern sector air defense and planes went to full readiness and went weapons free.  The incoming missiles passed 4000 mph, causing massive shockwaves in their wakes.   New York lies about 1,300 miles from the rift gate launch point, the missiles covered the time in 20 minutes.  The 4 drones moved in pairs, soon other planes would get air borne as well.  
At 6:13 am, Major General Dyson grabbed an old fashioned phone on the edge of his duty station, it had no numbers on it, it reached only one place, direct to the President.  He was the only one in the military that had a direct line to him.  It had been tested often, but never used.  The phone call also rang and connected to the chief of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Secretary of Defense.  At Camp David a pair of secret service agents ran alongside a Navy Commander, the officer in charge of the nuclear football the personal nuclear command and control unit of the president.  It was always with in a room’s length of the president no matter where in the world they traveled.  As the he emerged in the president study, President Jaster turned surprised by the intrusion, upon seeing the commander and what he carried, his face drained off all color.  A phone was extended to him, the commander told him, he had a call, NORAD was calling on the gold line.  
“Yes General.”
“Mr. President, we have detected very high speed objects heading toward, New York, Toronto, Boston and Detroit areas; expected impact is in 15 – 20 minutes.  They were launched from near Winnipeg.  Upon my order the alert aircraft have been ordered to launch, all northern sector command are on alert and weapons free. The objects believed to be missiles are traveling in excess of 4000mph."
“General in your opinion what is it, Russians, Chinese, Terrorists? “
“At this point sir, none of the above, the missiles are traveling at 4000 mph, nobody has anything like that, also they are not ballistic, there has never been a missile that could do this.  Also we have picked up something strange near Winnipeg; we are trying to get more information."
“Very Well General, Jim, all forces are to move to Def Con 3, General Dyson, use whatever you need to stop those missiles and figure out what is going on.”
“Yes Sir, good day Sir," replied General Dyson.
“Very Well M. President”, replied Jim De La Cruz, Secretary of Defense listening on the other line.
“Yes Mr. President replied a shocked General Charon. 

USA
Up for a couple hours due to his duty roster which he picked in order to allow a few others to sleep in and enjoy yesterdays Christmas activates, Major Josh Bennett was doing exercises and preparing for his 7:00 am squadron meeting to go over the New Years Eve flyovers when the sirens went off.  Quickly running through the information on his personal unit, Josh realized this was not a drill, not sure what was happening in the big picture, he raced to his aircraft on the flight line.  Grabbing the nearest ground transport, he swung by the staff room and picked up 3 other pilots. Driving well above the posted speed limit, another was reading the updates out loud.
“Unidentified objects classified as missiles are reported heading towards the border, launched from central Canada, near Winnipeg.  Speed is estimated in excess of 3,500mph, Wow, that is really fast, can we even track something that fast Sir?”
“According to the specs the missiles can do it, but I don’t have a frigging clue how this happened, does it have any idea who did this?”
“Nothing in the reports, Big Mac, any ideas,” Big Mac was the units' intelligence officer and considered a very good and accurate source on other militaries.
“The Russians are still working on theirs from last update a few months back, the Chinese have something that might be able to, but they are ballistic, these are cruise correct?’
“Yea, the reports are showing about 50m or less in height, looks like a few different target areas, Toronto, Detroit, Boston and New York if there is no course change,  they have launched the Alert 5 drones and are moving to intercept.”
After a moment of quite, Big Mac replied, “It is an unknown enemy, aliens or Terrorist." The pronouncement was met with unusual silence as each was finally starting to come to terms with what the next few minutes might entail. 

The hastily created defense plan called for available aircraft in the Northeast to engage the missiles as soon as possible while working with the very limited ground based air defense.   Part two of the defense strategy called for the drones and defense craft to head towards Winnipeg and achieves local air superiority.  Forces launched from across the north, including North Dakota, Wisconsin, and Michigan arrived on scene first, they provide the first images of the build up to the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  They were all destroyed in 30 seconds after reaching the rift gate.  The Golden Ones had a ground based anti aircraft system that was more advanced than the missiles; they easily wiped out all the planes no matter the efforts or skills, drone or human.  In addition they started to target the major satellites, only the smaller or top secret satellites survived the next few hours as they entered the weapons envelope of the Golden Empire.  

Quickly launched, Cowboy flight, with Major Bennet as commander, slotted into the every changing defense pattern: his planes were the second layer of defense.  As the first wave of F-23 drones engaged the rapidly moving missiles, the obvious became obvious, for the first time in a very long time the American military was fighting on a battlefield where they and not their enemies were the less advanced and capable force.  The drones after firing a large number of missiles damaged only one weapon which soon crashed into the ground breaking up.  All the other missiles passed thru.  Hastily the F-35s were ordered to incept coming from the south.  Two large computer controlled salvos of missiles were launched, one directly at the missiles and one in a tail chase.  The humans faired a little better than the drones, shooting down 3 missiles, two heading towards Boston and 1 towards New York.  The missiles launched against Toronto and Detroit was met with little resistance.  The defense plan failed and soon the terrible price would be paid.    

The third objective was completed in the opening 30 minutes. The hammers launched 46 missiles, traveling at 4000 mph they head toward the major cities of New York, Toronto, Boston and Detroit. The warheads were a triple punch nuclear warhead. The first blast of a few kilotons triggered the second phase. Using a gravity compression singularity a second explosion occurred, compressing gravity to 10 times the normal, objects started flying to the center of the explosion after a few seconds of this the critical point was reached and the third largest explosion occurred, a bang, similar in idea to the big bang occurred, called a singular event, it was 10 times more powerful than the largest earth nuclear weapons. The battle plans called for the use of three warheads for primary targets, the first two would detonate around 3km from the target, they would be near ground impacts, the primary force waves would act as a large earthquake and the region would suffer great damage. The following third warhead a minute or two later would be the killer. 

Heading toward New York City and passing over Manhattan the first two warheads detonated, one at midtown near Times Square and the other in lower Manhattan near Wall Street. A minute later the third weapon went off near The Empire State Building. Additional pairs were used against Queens, the Bronx, Brooklyn, Harlem and Staten Island. In all 13 warheads were used. The glass towers of lower Manhattan were buckled in the first explosions, when the follow up force waves hit and shattered them as if a 1000 foot tall piece of glass was broken. The iconic Empire State Building, once the tallest in the world and over 100 years old was gone in flash of light, looking at the ruins days later, the rescuers could find only bits and pieces of the foundation left. The Brooklyn Bridge, the George Washington Bridge and all the others were gone. The greatest city in North America, and iconic city, a city of dreams and hope was now a city of the dead. Few survived the attacks for most it was dumb luck, debris fell and blocked them in, they were underground and stayed safe, but the survivors in the coming hours were emerge into hell on earth. The population of New York City on the census of 2036, as used for voting was 24,532,200. Of that over 18 million were dead in one day.
Other missiles headed to Toronto where the CN tower was the focal point, at Boston it was City Hall and in Detroit it was the main GM plant. The cities would be utterly destroyed, another 10 million would die. The first hour would see almost 30 million dead and become the deadliest day in human history. The third objective was complete.

The American Def Con system was old, originally developed during the early years of the Cold War with the Soviets is it a 5 step system of alert for the American Military.  Step 5 is normal peace time, Step 4, very uncommon is heightened alert, used only rarely.  Step 3 had been used only twice, during the height of the Cuban missile crisis and during the terrorist strike of 2024 when Teheran and Islamabad where destroyed the.  The forces are on a war footing.  Step 2, had has never happened, it is open hostilities and prepare for nuclear war.  Step 1 is Armageddon, nuclear weapons are to be stood to and or used.  

As the President quickly rushed to Marine One, his private helicopter by a team of Secret Service agents just after the phone call from General Dyson, en route to Air Force One were the emergency plans for him to stay and command the country for the new few hours or days if needed. Soon the reports of the failed defense and of the destruction of Toronto and Detroit came in, The President was not sure what was happening, for the events quickly unfolding were truly unprecedented, the word is used often, but these events were why the word was invented.  The President was in a very awkward position, an unknown force of a very high technological ability was attacking the United States, in addition it was the day after Christmas and much of the military, security forces, government and first responders were on leave or short staff.  Furthermore, he was not the only one getting a copy of these reports, recently awakened President Elect Smith, vacationing in Florida was also getting a copy of everything.  She would be assuming full control of the country in less than 30 days on January 20th.  

The First Captain was happy after getting the reports, it was his idea to launch the nuclear and chemical attacks, he knew the Earthers were weak and had rules against this, so he would show them the folly of their ways. He consulted with his grooming attendants and double checked the scene for soon he would have the honor to address species 6 and break them of their foolish notions and let them see firsthand the glory and power of the Golden Imperial Empire. Seizing control and broadcasting around the entire world the First Captain stood straight and looked ahead and started speaking. He stood in full formal battle armor, his body was covered in golden mesh polished to perfect shine, his hands had delicate gloves made of diamonds, the fur around his neck was from the emperors own herd of gegs, a fine black haired animal prized for the softness of the fur. His lower forearms were covered in gold and red scales, Aruk flesh rendered into perfect shapes. Covering his chest the gold was worked into a shape of the imperial symbol, a 10 sided star with four pairs of crossed swords an each cardinal point. In his ears he had three rings with blue, red and green gems, signifying his high rank. On the right side of his forehead a finely detailed tattoo of his station was easy to see. He was clean shaven as typical of the Golden Ones. His golden skin was clean and healthy; his red and yellow eyes were easy to see and dominated his face. On his head decorative implants could be seen, they easily cost more than a year's salary but fit perfectly under his helmet, which he carried in the crook of his right arm. The helmet was hideous as it was splendid; it was shaped as a monster of the old tales, a face that looked like a demon in agony. The metal plate was perfectly clean, the diamonds and gems inlaid with care. The most impressive part of it was it moved based on the wears emotions, if the First Captain was happy it would grin like the devil, if he was angry, as was common, then it would snarl. On his right and place of honor was the Hammer leader, his unit was the one responsible for the use of chemical and nuclear weapons. His choice was also unusual for the Hammers were not well liked among most warriors, very few times and in nothing so important was a hammer given a place of honor. Many tried to speak against it but no other units had done much or would for a while. The hammer leader was dressed all in gold, he had on his classic mask which the nickname fish came from, dressed simply yet with some flash he looked good next to the First Captain. On his left and looking both deadly and gorgeous was Vella sky chaser flight leader Lady Noxxu. Long regarded as the perfection of beauty and bravery she was the one normally picked to represent the Vella when called on. Her choice was understood, and a challenge to her and others on this new planet. She was dressed in a golden form fitting arorm where her gender was easy to tell, it copied the flight suits of the Vella pilots and was trimmed with fur at both the shelves and collar. It was a design virtually unchanged for centuries. The technology of it was well hidden. Tight golden pants and high cut boots finished the uniform. Similar to the first captain she also had a helmet; hers was typical of the Vella and was pure matte black with very little decoration. On further down and a step behind stood the Second Captain, looking similar to the first but not so much over the top and on the other side an Aruk Calvary leader, looking mean as hell. Arrayed behind the group was some Aruk, Vella, war machines and of course the great golden standards in front of the imposing rift gate. The image was one of advanced technology, refinement and raw power. 
"Beings of species six on planet 1832, we bring you greeting in the name of his most divine and glorious one, the true heir to the blessed throne and giver of life and death over all of greater humanity: his most gracious and tireless, the Golden Emperor long may he guide our people to our rightful destiny as leaders of all. In accordance with act 4.2 of the 'convention of species interaction' as settled on Sigmama Prime as ratified by the glorious one, I First Captain Lord Welk Torre yi Valleen commander of the Golden Imperial Empire invasion force in our beloved emperors name claim parts of this world as imperial colony 82, to be known as Draco. All the lands that were know as the administration zones of Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, the area called New England, Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, North Dakota and South Dakota, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island, Quebec, Ontario and Manitoba are now part of the golden colony Draco. All subjects will break all ties with the former lords and now be subject to us as class 3 subjects pending review." The speech was broadcast live around the world all major media sources were high jacked to run it. An English translation was running under the image.
"We have come to this world to bring you out of heresy and sin. We as you are, are children of the Blessed Ones, common ancestors to all of Greater Humanity. You are not unique or special; a god does not look out for you. You are part of greater humanity a collection of human races spread among the stars by the blessed first ones. For too long you have denied this when evidence of the god like blessed ones is on your planet. We will teach you and educate you, we can be kind and can be ruthless, and we have destroyed your great cities of New York, Boston, Detroit and Toronto. We will allow the political units know as Canada and the United States of America to exist as tributaries to the Colony Draco. If our demands are not meet then well will continue as per act 4.3 to attack and take as we see fit. You have been warned."




***~~~***


Chapter 9
Nuclear Reactions 

Air Force One, flying over the southern USA
Surrounded by his secret service agents, a few staff and aides the President, in an historical move ordered the nation to Def Con 1.  A nation that went to sleep happy and proud on Christmas day, was ripped awake by chaos and death on December 26.  The United States military went to full nuclear readiness, the Strategic Air Command (SAC), a former shadow of its glory days during the cold war was the first to really respond, a few minutes after the news started to come in crews were off and running to the planes.  At air forces bases in Missouri, Montana and Wyoming weapon technicians passed into the weapon storage rooms and unlike the drills they picked up the and started to load the real deal, the nuclear might of the United States, B92 variable thermonuclear tipped cruise missiles were fitted to each B1 and B2 aircraft.  The planes were very old, relics of the Cold War but upgraded over the past few decades were the primary platforms of the Air Force.  ICBM silos, those few that remained active started the fueling and updating the targeting information, procedures worked out during years of drill now went to work; the weapons would be ready soon, pending the targeting data.  A software update form the late 2020s allowed them to be launched at targets on the go and picked up by targeting satellites.   On the east and west coasts of the United States, the American navy awoke, the Ohio Class ICBM boats, old but still the backbone of the naval nuclear force were ordered to see at once.   The USS Montana,  at port near Seattle with only a small crew on board went to sea with the officer of the deck in command, two-thirds of the crew were gone including the captain, executive officer, chief of engineering and more.  Normally the launch of missile submarine is a lengthy and complex affair; the ships are very difficult to handle on the surface and large.  Tugs boats are used to help guide them into the channels and then out to sea for a few miles where they will submerge.  Today, the tug boats were being used to push other ships out of the way of the Montana as it increased speed, the ship started to submerge once the bottom was 80 feet deep, just over the height of the ship itself, within a few minutes it was covered and moving as fast as it nuclear reactor could push it, the missiles were being prepared for launch and the ship being made ready for it deadly mission.  

Golden Imperial Empire 
Located on colonial world 6, an Imperial War Captain Lord Gi was watching the progress of the invasion army and studying the information crossing the rift gate.  World 6 was a mid tier world of the Golden Imperial Empire, with a population of around 1 billion.  It is located 2 rift gates from the home world.  A semi desert planet with spots of terra forming spread around.  The main population centers were located around the northern lakes, created when the ice caps were melted.  The rift gate was located 100km south of the major city of Talos, a centre of arms manufacturing and a hub of the translake cargo lanes.  Imperial War Captain Gi was the superior officer of First Captain Welk Torre. He was one of only a handful of war captains that over saw the various military formations of the Empire.  They normally would not fight themselves but made sure that the operation on an empire level worked.  Even moving a small force around a few planets can take a lot of work.  Moving a major strike for and starting a new war with a new species took a lot of work.  His task was to oversee the operation in imperial space and ensure that the first captain and others behaved in a proper Golden Imperial Army way.  The reports so far were good, the destruction of the major cities was done and the occupation of Winnipeg would soon begin.  Also the weather and supply conditions were pretty good on the other side. This would also help determine if the army and occupation commanders were fit to lead, it was one less excuse they could use.  The Golden Empire was not a place where the weak rise to command, the military system was brutal and of iron discipline.  Merit and determination alone was not enough to move ahead either, the great noble families competed against each other for everything, smart unconnected officers and soldiers would try to get the support of these groups.  One of the unofficial tasks of the war captain was to make sure that the first captain did well, but not too well, his faction and the war captains were different.  

Moscow
As the rift gate was opening in Canada, half a world away, Marshal Malevich was working well into the cold night at the Kremlin.  He was looking forward to a relaxing New Year’s Day and hoping that the weather would let up a little bit.  President Kirov, was away, he was staying in one of his many vacation houses through the country, this time on the Black Sea.  He was probably surrounded by naked drunk women, none of them his wife and was also either drunk, or getting there.  Even during the holiday season, new reports were coming in and the world was being watched.  The first reports coming in from North America were confusing, from different sources, all the while communication in the Winnipeg region was being disrupted.  More reports started to come in of increased military activity and unusual actions by the Americans.  The reports of missiles and the launching of the aircraft were quickly handed off to senior officers.   Soon after, the Marshal was called and told of increased military activity in the Northern USA.  The reports said a possible high tech terrorist attack was under way.  Located outside of Moscow the Military Command bunker was the heart of the nation’s nuclear defense, similar to the NORAD bunker in Colorado.  Early warning satellites were positioned around the globe to detect signs of a nuclear strike.  On the evening of Dec 26, they detected the first signs of the nuclear holocaust in North America.  Vitilay was reading a report when the phone rang, he grabbed the nearest one and was surprised when it still rang, quickly looking up from the report he saw the phone was the direct line from the nuclear command bunker, and curious he answered.
“Marshall, speak”
“Sir, multiple nuclear explosions have been detected in North America, it looks like Toronto and Boston so far, wait, also Detroit” said General Kolovio, duty commander.
“General, what was the Presidents reaction?
“Sir, we called him, but no answer, we are told he is busy. Also, holy mother of god, Nikolai, clear that up, Sir, it looks like New York City is also under attack, Nikolai, how many?  Sir New York City has been hit by at least 6 very large nuclear warheads.  We are working on getting better data, also more hits in Toronto, Boston and Detroit.”
“General by my authority you will go to full nuclear readiness, but do nothing to provoke the Americans” replied Marshal, hanging up.  Yelling through the door, the Marshal summoned all his staff, quickly giving out new and more shocking orders, after finally talking with the President who was very happy with the news of the destruction, the Marshal was told to do his job, after hanging up the Marshal started to prepare the Russia for the unexpected.  
Soon after hanging up with the President his meeting with his senior officers was interrupted by an aiding showing the broadcast of a very strange looking human.  Reading the subtitles in English the Marshal and the others who could understand was more and more shocked.  Not in their wildest nightmares could they imagine what was happening, most could not really understand it at all.  After ensuring Kirov was getting this, he spent a few minutes reading the transcript again with the Russian translation hastily provided.   Always a quick think the Marshal set up a team to watch and monitor the broadcast and the additional information they provided while focusing most of his efforts on getting his country prepared.  If a new an unexpected arrival could happen once it could also happen again and the results as judging by what happened in North America contrary to what the President might think would destroy Russia for it would not survive very long after the destruction of a few major cities.  

Lightgivers
Moving at the speed of a rift gate, the Lightgivers intelligence network was passing on information about the invasion to the high command.  The destruction of major cities brought commendation from the warriors, but the move was expected.  The key intelligence items they were looking for was the reaction from the Earth governments to the announcement of the First Captain.  The Lightgivers were poised to start their invasion as well; they would either be allying with one of the nations or fighting for their own foothold.  The invasion has a three day window before new preparations would need to be made.  The forces as planned would be entering in the Southwest of the United States.  The goal is to support the United States in the war against the Golden Ones.  The reports and action of the next few hours would be very important.  If the soon to be removed leader gave in to the surrender or refused to fight, the Lightgivers would also take a piece of the prize, leaving a small buffer zone state in between both powers.  

USA
After 1 hour the true extent to the problem was emerging, with most of the country still asleep and unaware a very large and very powerful human/alien force had invaded Earth and was marching on the United States.  Toronto, Boston, Detroit and New York City were completely destroyed by nuclear weapons.  Winnipeg in Central Canada was a dying city, due to a major chemical weapons attack.  Portions of it were also being occupied by the invaders.  The Prime Minster of Canada was dead, in an ironic twist; the French-Canadian leader was visiting Toronto for Boxing Day to show solidarity with English speaking Canada after spending Christmas in his native Quebec.   Under Emergency procedures the Canadian Military went on a war footing.  Under terms of the mutual defense treaties with the United States, Canadian units were to be integrated with American units.  Similar to other militaries around the world the Canadian forces had major cuts in the late 2020s. During and after the cold war, their primary aim was peacekeeping, generally small low intensity conflicts.  They did serve with distinction in both post-September 11, 2001 terrorist wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.   Due to political reasons most of the military bases were located in the Prairies to the west or the Atlantic regions in the east.  The rift gate near Winnipeg was in the middle, little was available to stand in their way, ever fewer were able to muster.   3 major prongs of the invasion were emerging; the smallest group was moving beyond Winnipeg and heading south toward the American border which they would soon cross, objective unknown.  Another group was heading towards south Ontario and what was left of Toronto.  The anticipated objective was assumed to cross the lakes at Detroit and move into the Ohio River Valley.  The largest group was heading due east, while still early it looked to be heading to Montreal and then based on the First captains statement, to the North East United States for long term occupation.   Satellites, drones, cameras, random people and more were being used to track and spy on the invaders.  Loose numbers were between 100,000-400,000 in the invasion force.  Due to the nature of a rift gate, the true size would remain unknown until they are on planet, millions could be ready to move.  

The message of the First Captain was repeated again and again, while large scale panic occurred the President addressed nation on the emergency broadcast system and helped calm the fears of many.  While they were under attack, it was by a human force and with limited aims.  The United States was still a great and powerful country and with the strength of the American people answer the new challenge.  The next couple of hours would see amazing efforts by the American people and Military forces along with the Canadians.  The results would not be so great.  A large Aruk army with parts of the Alpha 18 in the lead had crossed into North Dakota and Minnesota.  A scratch National Guard and army force was quickly defeated with heavy losses.  Smaller forces occupied Thunder Bay and Duluth.  Heavy but largely ineffective fighting was going on in the outer suburbs of St. Paul/Minneapolis.   A force 30,000 strong was expected to overrun the area within an hour or so.   Due to the early arrival, the holiday season and being the shortest day of the year, as well as very cold very few people or vehicles were out, in many cases the staggering events were not know until much later or until an Aruk was at the door step.  The central force around 60,000 – 80,000 strong was pushing hard at over 100 mph an hour, using the interstates they we moving thru central Ontario and starting to head down Lake Superior.  Valle air borne forces and advanced scouts were starting to occupy Sault Ste Marie and securing the crossing to the United States.  The main body of the central force was expected to occupy Buffalo after bypassing the ruins of Toronto by early evening.  The main force of between 80,000 to 100,000 strong was moving just north of the central force and heading towards Ottawa and on to Montreal.   They would occupy the Canadian capital by late in the day.  

This was the situation facing the President six hours after the invasion started.  At first, the location of the rift gate in Winnipeg was confusing but it soon became obvious, the Golden Ones would use the huge openness of the Canadian Prairie as a buffer zone from the north and west.  Also they had direct access to the central United States and divided Canada into two pieces.  The most important reason was the lakes.  While the invasion was a large force it was small in relation to the land mass.  By picking points to cross the border and fighting in only a few built up areas they were able to choose the locations of the battle but also use their superior technology to their advantage.  Seizing the lakes and some key points they controlled the skies with advanced anti-air weapons. They forced the defenders to meet them in head to head battle, the preferred method of the Golden Empire.   

Orbiting onboard Air Force One, after consulting with other world leaders and his generals, and advisors he made one of the most important decisions in human history.   The American military was the first to develop atomic weapons; they were used twice in anger during August 1945 against the Imperial Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.  Since that time the US spent trillions on research, development, construction and training.  For decades nuclear weapons were the backbone of the American military policy.  For seventy years the weapons were never used, during the Cold War a few times it looked like the end of the world but not until after the fall of the Soviet Union and the rise militant Islam did the world confront nuclear horror in 2025.  Twice before the United States used them in anger, today would be the third time and the target would be North America herself. 

Russia
As the events were unfolding In North America, new events were starting to take shape in Russia. Marshal Vitaly Malevich was starting to implement the emergency orders of President Kirov. As the hours started to pass new orders and clarification was sought from the President. Kirov, a strong and fit man, was also a strong and heavy drinker. Having a few hard weeks and now on vacation, Kirov was having a great time. After speaking with the Marshal again and issuing new orders, he started to celebrate the death of America. With America now finally on the decline, he could now assume total power and get rid of the ridiculous elections. In a few days time after getting a better understanding of the true extent of damage to America and the new power of the Golden Empire, he would gather his allies and make their long anticipated move, he would declare an emergency and launch a quick and brutal purge, he would replace his hated rival Marshal V. I. Malevich and his lackeys that keep getting in the way and finally make the changes needed to restore Russia to its proper place on top of the world. With these happy thoughts he called into his room for his three favorite mistresses, alcohol and some more drugs. The next few days and weeks would be very busy he wanted to enjoy these last few hours before having to return to Moscow and address the nation. Toasting the destruction of New York, Toronto, Boston and Detroit the President was never happier, having eaten little that day, he was quickly overwhelmed by the alcohol and fell into a drunken sleep. As the hours passed, his bodyguards and aides, let him sleep, they knew of his new plans, and after all the Marshal already had orders so why wake the president when there was really very little need.
As the hours passed for the Marshal, the Russian war machine awoke for the first time in many decades, most were caught off guard but started to respond quickly. With the President's orders in hand, the Marshal was able to do or order almost anything he wanted. Learning that the President was now drunk and preparing to return to Moscow and begin a purge of his enemies and opposition both in the military and the government, Marshal Malevich, commander of the Russian military and his allies started to execute their long term counter purge plans in the classic Russian way, they would launch a coup and kill Kirov. Quickly moving he started to contact his trusted offices, the coup planned for many years in case the situation was to arise allowed the plotters to quickly move and bypass many of the safe guards built into the system.  Upon hearing more of Kirov's drunken ravings and plans the plotters decided following the laws and being sublet were out, Vitaly called on his long time friend, and plotter, Major General of the air force and commander of the Caucasian region Air Force, Victor Alexanderovich Konstin, he was given the task of taking out the President, operating under emergency orders a squadron of Su-67 fighter bombers from the Rostov-on-Don Air Base were armed with anti-bunker bombs. They soon launched and headed south towards the private vacation home were the President was staying. On the president's staff were two spies, one a body guard and the other an aide, they were both loyal to the Marshal and were key members of the coup. On his rise to power Kirov made a lot of enemies, today they would pay him back in full. Recording of his actions including full videos of his toasting, his naked and drunken speech and drug use were passed on to the plotters. As the warplanes headed to the target, the two plotters headed outside, the body guard was ex-Spetsnaz, Russian Special Forces, and had a flashlight that also had a laser target identifier on it, acting as if the two were on a smoke break, something that happened often, they walked down towards the beach, after passing a secluded set of rocks, the body guard highlighted the main house with the target identifier pointing at the  location of the President, he was passed out on the second floor balcony overlooking the Black Sea. A few minutes later the bombs were released from high altitude, each of the four planes released 2 500kg bombs each.  These were simple and crude weapons.  Using a combination of mass and speed they quickly broke through the reinforced roof of the retreat and passed into the basement levels where they detonated.  The explosions ripped the house apart, built to withstand a special forces and or ground attack, the structure was not able to stand up to the warplanes.  As the basement level was destroyed it channeled the explosion upwards to the first floor and then to the second floor where a passed out President just awoke, before he could figure out what was going on the blast engulfed the second floor, the balcony and the President. After the first pass the planes made a second pass at low level targeting a few other key areas that had staff loyal to the late President. Nothing of the President was found, within the hour, most of the major political and security positions were also seized by the plotters. The headquarters of the Federal Security Bureau 
(FSB) was surrounded and occupied.  A few of the Presidents long time supporters barricaded themselves in the upper floors.  Once the rest of the building was secured the barricaded areas were stormed.  In other parts of the Kremlin many of Kirov's handpicked favorites were crudely seized and brought low after many years in power.  The golden boy of Russia, the self proclaimed savior and leader of the Russian people and his long and successful reign was brought to a close at the hand of his biggest rivals.  Two hours after the attack, Marshal Vitaly Igorovick Malevich went on state TV and broadcast an appeal to all Russians, calling on them to stand strong at this dangerous time, he also showed why he needed to seize power and save Russia, the videos of the bodyguard and aides were less than flattering of the late President, his approval rating was very low and the timing of the attack and videos meant very few thought they might be fake. In truth most Russians just hoped the Marshal would be better, after all the great Americans were just smashed and they wanted somebody strong to lead them. In this new and dangerous time they no longer wanted not a playboy President, they wanted a new iron man and if it was rather messy then they were happy for now was a time for action not just fancy words.  Russia was entering a new age and they would fight anybody and everybody if called to.

USA
“General Dyson, move to Def Con 1, bring all nuclear forces on to full alert.  I want a plan to attack all three prongs of the invasion with nuclear weapons.  We will use up to 20% of everything we have.  I want air, land, and sub launched, we know the invaders have very impressive anti-air weapons so please take this into account.  I expected the attacks to happen in North Dakota and or Minnesota, please spare what you can but get the job done.   Many of the areas are being evacuated as we speak, the other attacks will take place in Ontario and Quebec.  Take as long as you need to prepare the plan but time is critical, as you mentioned over the next two to three hours most forces are in open areas soon they will hit more urban areas.  I do not expect to stop them. But slow them down.  Also target whatever you want to get the damn gate.  The attacks do not need to happen all at once but each area should be synced.   Are there any questions General, anything in those orders that is not clear or you cannot carry out?”
“No Mr. President, it is clear, my guys have  been working on some plans, we will give you a plan shortly and get the job done, good day Mr. President,” replied General Dyson, head of the nuclear forces via video conference from his headquarters in Colorado.   

As the President was reviewing the new and alarming situation in Russia, General Dyson less than 30 minutes after hanging up was back talking with the President still aboard Air Force One now near Houston.  “General you have something for me?”
“Yes Mr. President, we do, we have two options.  One is based on a narrow focus in targets and areas of impact and the other is much broader.   Both are based on attacks within the hour, they combine sub and land based ICMBs, B-52, B-2 and B-1 bombers.  All planes are ready to go shortly; we have replaced a few of the crews and refueled the planes.  We are ready to go.”
“General, give me the quick rundown of the larger option. “
“Option two will attack the 4 prongs of the southern force in North Dakota and Minnesota, we will skip the force in Duluth, but target St. Paul/Minneapolis force and the other 3 forces over 5000 strong.  For the central and eastern forces we are targeting anything above 5000 not in a city.  For the rift gate we are throwing a combination of slow, fast, large, small and stealth weapons including ICBMs.”
“General, do you think it will work?”
“Mr. President I have no idea, the technology is very impressive, but based on what we have this is what I would recommend.  If we hit harder than expected the environmental fallout can be high.”
“Thank you General, the impact is noted. “
“Mr. Secretary of Defense, your thoughts?” asked the President
“We need to hit them while we still can, if they get into the cities we are in more trouble.”
“Mr. Secretary of State, your thoughts?”
Located at a secure facility in LA,  the top diplomat of the United States was looking tired, awakened a little after 3 am due to the time difference after the attacks, he has spent the last 6 hours on the phone with his staff and ambassadors spread out through the entire world.  While the President was talking with the major world leaders, he talked to over 50 leaders and many others, most nations were in support of the United States, and others were concerned about their own citizens and that status of the embassies in New York following the destruction of the United Nations.  “Mr. President, I am in complete and total disagreement with you decision, you are planning on murdering our own citizens and Canadians, plus you plan to kill our fellow humans from another planet.  Need I remind you that this is the first time we have ever met another species.”
“Thank you Adam for your input, Jimmy your thoughts?”
Jimmy Thomson was a very successful businessman, inventor, environmentalist and former democratic representative for California.  He also was the first openly gay Vice-President in the United States.  Vacationing in Colorado for Christmas he was now with General Dyson at NORAD.  “Mr. President, I have been talking it over with the General for the last couple of hours once we first heard of the attack, I think we need to hit back and hit back hard, while we know little about our unwelcome visitors, we need to be strong and fast in response to the destruction of our cities.  If this was any earth nation they would already be dead.”
“Thank you Jimmy, General, make it happen.”  Turing to the Navy Commander at his side with the “nuclear football” the mobile nuclear command control box handcuffed to his wrist, he signaled him over to his desk.   Reaching into his wallet he pulled out a simple blue plastic card with a series of white numbers and letters on it.  “Jimmy, you will be my second, if you will.”  In NORAD headquarters Jimmy pulled a similar card out of his wallet.  “General, I am ready, what do I need to do?”  
“Commander, please confirm it is ready with target 456ASXR.”
“Sir, target reads as number 4, number 5, and number 6, Alpha, Sierra, X-Ray and Romeo”
“Very good commander, Mr. President please read the launch code line.”
“ P T E 6 8 7 G H K 9 3 1.”
“Mr. Vice President, if you will.”
“7 8 5 Y H N 5 4 3 J I K”
“Mr. President, authorization code is confirmed. Do you wish to launch, this is your last chance to say no?”
“General launch.”
“Mr. President please press the red button on the control pad and this will send the execute command, with in twenty minutes we will launch the first attack.”  
With no hesitation he hit the button.
“Thank you Mr. President, we will keep you informed."	

The USS Montana was running silent at 3 knots 200 feet down.  After leaving port with a large part of the crew missing, the ship was ready to fight.  Shortly after getting authorization from the national command authority acting captain Lieutenant Amanda Johnson, a 24 year old from Texas, a 6 year veteran ordered the ship to launch depth.  
“Captain, the ship is steady at 65 feet, course 180, speed 3 knots”  
“Missile officer, confirm all missiles are ready to fly” said the Captain:
“Captain, missiles are ready in all respects.”
Taking the chain from around her neck she brought the launch key out.  The missile officer did the same. Two key launches have long been a staple of nuclear policy ensuring one person could not launch the missiles.  
Once both keys were turned, tube 1 fired, a multi ton missile was propelled out of the tube, quickly followed by tube 18, tube 2 and tube 17.  
1000 miles away in the central pacific the USS Wyoming with a full crew, at sea for two months, performed the same drill and launched 4 more missiles.  The eight missiles went ballistic and quickly powered into low earth atmosphere.  The eight missiles carried multiple reentry vehicles, 8 turned into 32.  16 of them were directed at the rift gate near Winnipeg.  The others were spread out amongst the other targets.  ICBMs located in the Central United States followed suit, another 40 missiles were launched with 40 large scale thermonuclear warheads, some of the most powerful in the American arsenal and the largest ever used in anger.  B-52s loaded with a combination of weapons took off from Air Force bases in the Central and Northern plains.  They quickly reached their cruising attitude and launched, their main targets were the small prongs of the western and central forces.  Rearmed and refueled the B-2 and B-1 bombers proceeded to their targets, the rift gate and the central and eastern forces.  

Third Captain Lord Ki Uoon yi-Loo was having a great day, perhaps the greatest of his life.  He was commander of the third prong of the attack against Earth.  He was an Aruk commander to the bone and while is command was not as prestigious as the other two; his was bigger in land area and had more open land where his Aruk would be deadly.  After leaving a small force behind in Winnipeg he was pushing fast down highway 75 towards the American border.  The sun was finally rose on the very cold morning.  His Aruk and riders were covering a lot of ground.  The frozen snow covered ground was easy to cross and the recent snows buried many small obstacles that would have been a problem otherwise.   Within two hours his forces occupied the border towns of Emerson in Canada and Pembina in North Dakota.  Picking up Interstate 29 he continued his advance towards Minneapolis.  Small occupation forces were left at Grand Forks and Fargo, At Grand Forks the forces were split, the main body continued down Interstate 29 to Minneapolis and the other forces towards Duluth and then pressing on down the coast of Lake Michigan towards Green Bay, Milwaukee and the prize of Chicago.  When the Third Captain took Fargo he then sent a small force off to occupy Bismarck.  During his run he encountered little opposition, what he did was quickly stopped or ran away.  The few air craft he saw were easily defeated by the anti air systems.  

Launched from B-1 and B-52 Bombers over the northern central plains of  the United States, the missiles were hard to detect, flying at just above tree height they were able to penetrate the loose air defense of the Golden Ones.  Grand Forks was the first of many towns; it was destroyed by American nuclear warheads targeted towards the western edge near the area of occupation.  The blast around 1000 feet above the ground decimated the occupation force and most of the town.  The outer edge of the attack was stopped at a high price.  Other missiles hit I-29 north of Minneapolis; the main Aruk Army was using it and the surrounding area as a high speed corridor.  The advanced forces of Colonial World 18 were already fighting in the outer suburbs.  6 of the 18 warheads passed thru the air defenses and detonated.  Playing the odds some were surface and others  detonated 1000 feet up. The Aruk is a strong and very capable animal; it has been enhanced and modified to fight in almost any environment the Golden Empire wanted to engage.   While the damage was enormous, many of the Aruk and riders survived.  The blast that would have broken a typical human army, forced the invasion to stop for a while.  It would resume later, less the 3rd Captain and 25% of the Aruk and support forces but still capable and still heading to Minneapolis.   

The central forces were hit near Lake Superior Provincial Park.  The forces were loosely grouped but well protected.  The majority of the missiles and warheads were defeated, but a few still made it thru.  Two 50 megaton thermonuclear warheads detonated at 1000 feet above the park just over the middle of the formations.  The support and Hammer elements were wiped off the planet.  Two very large mushroom clouds joined a few others.  The backbone of Lord Tai Vos's second prong was crippled.  The forces would survive and push on but the damage was done.  The numbers were reduced and now they would need to be more cautious.

The Eastern Forces would also be hit hard, traveling in a loose formation along Trans-Canada highway near the small towns of Kapuskasing and Iroquois Falls.  In a coordinated attack with the other nuclear strikes, the First Captain and his forces were caught off guard.  While the Second Captain was more cautious by nature, Lord Welk Torre, felt that too much concentration on the air defenses would send the wrong message to his forces.  They would simply rush the enemy and take what they wanted.  Also the early success was going to his head.  He did not think the humans would take much more before submitting.  They were a weak and soft people.  The Americans would never use major weapons against them.  It would require them to destroy their own people and those of their Canadian Allies.   In almost any other situation Lord Welk would be correct, with a different leader, he would be correct, but today he was wrong.  The Eastern strike force was deemed the most important by the planners and targeted accordingly.  Around 40,000 Aruk, riders, Velle, hammers and support staff would be killed.  Over 40% of the strike force was taken out with multiple warheads.  Of the 40 targeted, over 15 warheads were effective.    The First Captain, unlike the others did not stop; he was shocked at the use of nuclear weapons but was quick to react.  The forces were attacked outside of the population areas in most cases.  The advance forces in Duluth and other cities were spared.  “This is First Captain to all Imperial Units, we must continue to push on, they will continue to attack us if we are in the open, get close to the cities and they will not risk it.  Also all air defense forces are now free to engage anything."

The fourth and largest nuclear strike was directed at the rift gate.  It comprised fully half of the entire amount was used.  The defense perimeter was designed to hold against any attack Human or Greater Human.  The air defense was well prepared following the mornings failed attack and they quickly went back to work.  The vast majority of all weapons did not get close, only 4 of the warheads reached the target areas.  Two exploded with great force and fury against the rift gate.  While a nuclear explosion is very strong, the energy to sustain a rift gate and barrier is stronger.  The attack was impressive to watch and beside some radiation, was mostly ineffective.  The third explosion was luck, the missile was clipped by a laser and spun out of control, heading towards the ground it passed the preassigned height and went off.   The occupation forces, just entering the planet were smashed.  In excess of 10,000 were killed outright.   The fourth and last explosion was well short of the gate and caused heavy damage to the newly created defense but little else.  Overall of all the attacks, it did the least amount of damage, when the most was need.  The rift gate would remain open and the invasion would continue.   

“Mr. President, early reports show mixed results. We achieved some success in the west and eastern attacks.  The Central force remain largely intact.  The Western forces are now stalled outside of Minneapolis.  The Central forces are continuing on and will enter central Ontario and the ruins of Toronto within a few hours at most.  The eastern forces sustained heavy looses but did not slow down, they are looking now to be going faster,” reported General Charon.
“And the rift gate?”
“Sir, the attack did little damage, the gate still stands.  In addition more forces, what the analysts are calling occupation or second rate forces are now passing thru the gate.”
“Mr. President, do you want to hit them again, General Dyson has follow on strikes ready?"
"No, general, we have killed enough of our own today; it is time for the military to step forward. It we need to we will hit them again and again but not now. That new walker unit you have, is it ready to go yet?"
"Mr. President, the AW1 is now in northern New York, it was scheduled for a New Year's Day parade. It is at its current full strength, but not ready for combat," replied Charon.
"Get the CO on the phone; I want to talk with him."

Colonel Pushkin was very busy and upset. He was getting his unit ready to fight but had no orders. A major effort to defend the north was under way. His most recent orders, which have been changing by the hour, were to report to some place in Virginia for marshaling. "Sir, you have a call," said Major Tom.
"You deal with it, I am busy."
"Sir, it is General Charon."
Quickly taking the call he answered "Yes General, what can I do for you?"
"Col. Pushkin, the President wants a word."
A familiar voice was soon on the phone, instead of the common and carefree voice normally heard it was like ice. "Colonel Pushkin, what are your current orders?"
"Mr. President, we are to report to Virginia for marshaling for the counter attack."
"Colonel, can you fight?"
"Yes, Sir."
"And you have seen the reports yes?"
"Yes Mr. President we have we are ready and willing."
"Good, General fit them into the plans; I want to see what they can do." Quickly moving on Col. Pushkin was dismissed, but he now had his orders and was going to make it happen. The Army's newest unit was going to war.
 



***~~~***


Interlude Roswell 1947

Homeward of the Protector of the Blessed
“High Captain Priest, the report has been confirmed; we have checked the old records and confirm that the Great Chamber of Knowledge is present on Species 6 home planet.  It is located on continent 5.  The closest human city is called Roswell."  The speaker was an under priest of knowledge and vision.  Their main task was to track and maintain a record of the colonization efforts of the ancient blessed ones and keep track of what ruins remained.  
“Very well, please pass along my prayers to Surveyor Priest Achii and Kchii.  They are to undergo body modification and then proceed to carry out the survey.”  

A few days later both Surveyor Priest’s were recovering from the skin and body modifications.  They had their skin color changed to a light white and all implants removed.  They could now blend in better with the local population.  Choosing a skin color and developing an accent similar to the ruling class of the nation the two person team hoped to blend in more.

A long standing principal of the Protectors was to allow each species of the human race to explore and learn about the Blessed Ones without outside interference.  The surveyor team would be one of the few exceptions.  The protectors have studied Earth history for a long time, longer than anybody on Earth, they have the most complete record of Earth human history spanning over 50,000 years.  Each species of humanity is valuable and important to guide and protect.  Each group is a direct relation of the great blessed empire. Recently alarming new weapons had been used and more being developed that could lay waste to major cities and destroy most if not all of human life on the planet.  After the destruction of the blessed empire by the dark ones, a few planets that survived died out, two were natural causes, a few others were not.  In one case 7 billion were killed in less than 10 hours when an advanced computer system was attacked by a rival, 90% of the population was killed and the rest died a slow and agonizing death over the next 1000 years.  Even now 30,000 years later the planet could support very little life.  

The goal of the team would be to both check on the current condition of the Great Chamber, buried for 10,000 years since the end of the last great ice age and to see if they could accidentally allow the humans to discover the room.  Once the humans discovered the artifacts then they could be welcomed and guided by the Protectors.

Rift gate technology is used primarily on planets.  The Protectors and other species have developed fast spacecraft for inter-solar shipping mainly to asteroid belts.  In an average system multiple rift gates would connect the colonies and primary planets.  A few spacecraft and stations would be present.  Over long voyages the Protectors would create a rift gate in space.  Using the energy of the system they were able to create and maintain a rift opening beyond Jupiter’s orbit.  Using the planet as a shield they were able to deliver a small and highly capable survey craft to the Sol System. The protector surveyor command ship was crewed by 24.  It had on board 3 survey disk ships as well as weapons and communication devices.  Entering Earth orbit in May 1947 the crew proceeded to re-survey the planet and confirmed the location of three major Blessed Ones artifacts.  One located near Roswell, one in the seafloor of the Indian Ocean and the other deep in the glaciers of Greenland.  The team of Achii and Kchii landed a few times during the month of May and June.  They landed on the north western coast of Greenland and confirmed that the Chamber of Nurturing was still intact.  On three occasions they scouted around Roswell.  They even ate at the local diner and started to develop a liking for Mexican food, Achii liked tacos while Kchii thought the enchiladas were the best.  They went to Ricks General Store and picked up some camping and digging tools.  In early July they returned to Roswell for the fourth time.  The trip was uneventful until the fifth day when things got real wet.  An early season thunder storm was stronger than normal.  On July 7th, the sixth day the team was working during the night as normal; they were flying around the great chamber and looking for an easy access point.  The weather was getting worse and then disaster struck.  The search for the entry required a very large amount of energy, the energy build up was normally not an issue, this time a weather balloon from the Roswell Army Air Field was too close.  The balloon was hit by lighting and then discharged into the nearest energy field, the survey disk.  The controls of the disk were damaged beyond easy repair, flowing standing orders the team of Achii and Kchii crashed the ship in a remote area.  They then were able to destroy much of the craft using explosives.  A few days later tired and lacking sleep the team was picked up outside of Phoenix, Arizona.  Achii and Kchii were taken back to the ship which stayed in orbit for 2 more months until finally leaving.  The incident would have a major impact on the Protectors view of Earth.  The fear of aliens and the lack of effort by the people to search for the Great Chamber would lead the Protectors to view Earth as not ready to join Greater humanity.    




***~~~***


Chapter 10 
Lightgivers Arrive

New Mexico
The second rift gate opened in a remote area of New Mexico between the village of Fort Sumner, famous for Billy the Kid, and Clovis. Soon after the gate was stabilized an unmanned probe was sent trough, it started to broadcast on a wide variety of frequencies and tapped into some of the main media channels to announce its presence peaceful intentions.  In addition it started to broadcast on other channels information about themselves, the universe and about some of the claims made by their archrival, the Golden Imperial Empire.  About 5 minutes later the first handful of Lightgivers advanced scouting troops passed through the gate and spread out in a non hostile manner and started to wait. They did not wait long, Clovis was home to one of the few Air Force bases left in the continental United States and New Mexico has a large military presence, helicopters were sent to investigate and ground forces were moving out of the gate within minutes racing down the two lane highway heading west as fast as they could go. Lt. Colonel Maria Martinez, Air Force was in charge, she was the bases third in command and a graduate of the Diplomacy school at Georgetown University. She had a good reputation as a levelheaded leader and was also disposable if needed. Decked out in full combat gear, with a Special Forces platoon as guards, who were on a joint training assignment, she approached the area of the rift gate. She could see the gunships and aircraft circling overhead, also additional units were being tasked with support if needed. The major regional cites and key locations were being protected by Air Force planes launched from Kirtland Air Force base in Albuquerque, and out of other bases in Texas. As Col. Martinez approached the site, she could see the rift gate, it was massive, it looked like somebody ripped open the sky and stuck a picture in its place, looking through the gate she could easily see another world, it was pretty dark on the other side, the place looked different, like everything was off color, it looked alien. Also she could see a large build up of items, presumably military arrayed behind the gate. As she crested the last hill, she saw a small group of strange looking humans wearing strange clothes. They were dressed in all white, form fitting hard cased body armor with some stylized designs on it. The largest and most common looked like a starburst. A few had viable cybernetic attachments. They were similar looking to humans but the skin was blue, most were light blue, almost sky blue, another was dark blue and another was purple and blue combined. Showing no fear, but nervous as she could be she approached the visitors, the first "real aliens" the area had seen. As she got closer she tried not to smile, after all if everything goes right she would take them to Roswell, a short drive away, famous for aliens and ufos.  As she got close, the best dressed man started moving forward; with his palms out and looking relaxed he bowed and started to speak in near perfect English.
"Greeting, may the light always guide you and bring you joy. We are the people of the light, we are known as the Lightgivers and we are here to help you with our mutal enemy, the ones called the Golden Ones. We understand what has happened and the lies they tell, we of the light wish to tell you the truth and join you in your fight against hatred and the darkness of the Golden Empire. As you can see behind me, were have a large force ready to cross and help out. We have been opposed to the Golden Ones for thousands of years; we have fought them on different worlds. We do not seek territory of our own, we seek to stop and contain the Golden Ones. We would like to enter into negotiations for a formal military and technological alliance. We understand these normally take a lot of time and preparation, but I think you would agree time is short." Stepping back and bowing again he returned to his place. 
The comments were similar to what the unmanned probe had said. Maria was give a few questions to ask beside some of the bigger picture topics, she had cameras mounted on her helmet and microphones on her body similar to all the other members of the party. Giving her superiors some time to think, she walked to the gate, pointing she asked" tell me, how does it work?"
A very beautiful women, with some very intricate and finely crafted cybernetic enhancements followed her and replied "short answer is it is complicated but over all if you produce a very large amount of energy you can focus it in such a way to create a rift gate that can link to known points."
"How much energy?"
"Take your largest power plant, what it produces in a year, would run a gate 1km wide for 1 hour, the gate behind us, maybe a minute."
"What is the bubble in the front?" pointing to what looked like a large soapy water bubble miles wide.
"It is the protection and equalization cone. Your planet and mine are connected but the gravity, atmosphere, winds and more are not the same. The cone allows for a transition area, also reduces and eliminates some of the major issues. After all the pressure of your planet is 20% higher than ours, so without the cone, your pressure would greatly impact us." 
Looking closer at her head, she asked about the implants, "What are those?"
"These are implants as you have guessed, being a women, I like them to look nice, they can directly interface with a variety of hard remote interfaces with many systems, also act as both memory storage or data base. Inside is the majority of everything our kind knows about yours, this is why we can speak you language, while your old history is hard to follow for certain, once your kind started to broadcast into space we have collected everything we can. I can tell you any sports score in the last 100 years; I can discuss history, technology and more."
"Ok, then tell me why the Golden Ones are here and what do they want!"
"Power, control, to be superior, to rule, they want to create another colony on this world, they wish for you to fear them and idolize them. Their society is noble class based; just like nobles in your history they want more land. Also the society is very ridged, new land means new opportunities for the ambitious and young. They wish to by having new colonies create a new ruling class on Earth, being more advanced they can easily control you or impress you into doing as they wish."
"Ok, what do you want?"
"We are the Lightgivers, a very long time ago. The Blessed Ones lived among the stars, they fell to ruin, but before they did, they were great and spread among the stars; all of us are from them, the Golden Ones, you and others. We seek two major things for Earth, first is to stop and contain the Golden Ones, they are our main enemy. Second is to spread the light of the Blessed Ones by spreading information and learning of the high blessed culture. This is not worshiping like others but knowledge and culture. A common saying of ours is 'to let the light cast shadows not on truth but the lies,' replied the Lightgiver woman.
"Ok, why are you here now, and why did you not tell us about the Golden Ones? Millions are dead!"
Stepping forward, the well dressed man, he looked like he was in charge, but no names had been give as of yet, replied.
"All life is choice, the great blackness of space is not easy, over a trillion have died from the beginning, there are forces out there beyond your control or understanding, the Golden Ones are a simple test, since you are willing to fight, and have risked much in the counter attack, you appear worthy to approach if you want your country and your planet free then you must earn it and gain the respect of great humanity. What is the old Earth saying; we 'help those that first help themselves.' We will support you as much as you are willing, but we will fight with you only as long as you stand proud and bear your burden."

In large numbers of listening rooms, the conversation was being monitored and dissected. The first probes also broadcast some basic information about the Blessed Ones and the current state of Great Humanity. The information was being correlated and reviewed as fast as possible, new questions were asked, while the counter attack worked for the  moment, new information was needed, the pressing concerns were the about the three major strong points of American power, technology, global reach and knowledge. With very heavy losses in aircraft and the major issues with communication, American forces would be at a major disadvantage for the first time in a long time. 

"Please describe how you fight the Golden Ones."
"Of course" responded the first speaker, "we have three major strike arms similar to the Golden Ones, ground forces, ours are mechanical walkers and armored infantry. Second, are low flying, high speed air craft, and third are our direct fire teams, I believe you call them artillery. The speeds of the missiles that hit your major cities are common. What you call air defense is very good, we can shoot those missiles down easily, if you are worried about your air craft, well most are now worthless, I think maybe 90% for sure, there might be a few craft in particular areas that might work. Against the Golden Ones, the ground forces can do better, but the Aruk is very strong and we believe their armor can stop your main battle tank cannon at near point blank range.. They are also very agile and should be able to tear a tank apart by hand. Your artillery will be of very little use due to the slow speed of firing. Currently your biggest advantage is numbers, you have more soldiers than them, and also your society is freer which allows for more flexible leaders at the local level.  The Golden Empire is very rigid and the lower ranked leaders and nobles have very little choice, where one major principal of your fighting style is to allow your local commanders input in the current plans and greatly affect the battle."

Golden Imperial Empire 
The Golden Emperor, unchallenged ruler of the Golden Imperial Empire was surrounded by the most perfect, the most beautiful and best the empire has to offer. The multitude of outer waiting rooms were an attack on the senses, each designed to be perfection. The day office of the Emperor was spartan, sitting perfectly straight on the floor he was reading the first reports of the nuclear strikes. Alone and perfectly secure the Emperor read each report, it would be useful later. Slowly he started to smile, something only a few have ever seen, he was happy, species 6 would be a challenge to the Empire, a test worthy of the effort.




***~~~***


Interlude Golden Empire

The ruling class of the Golden Empire was based on both military ability and resources.  Each of the major families was allied into different factions.  Many of the factions had been set up over the last thousands of years.  As old members died off, the heirs would replace them.  When a new person or family started to rise up they would be asked to join a group.  The major military and imperial commands were based on a complicated but time honored system that pitted the factions against each other.  One of the guiding principles of the Golden Empire has always been that competition brings out the best.  The Emperors would use the system to great advantage over the years.  Once one group was too strong another would be supported until balance was achieved.  Marriage was arranged, the most important families would decide early on what arrangements would be made.  It was a system similar to the European nobles during the post renaissance.  During the last 200 years the strength of the Golden Empire started to decline.  The Praxis-Groomstead-HG War with the Lightgivers 100 years before was started for this reason.  While the Golden Empire won the war, they struggled much more than expected and the state of the Empire after was very bad, much worse than the reports or most people realized.  The information and true state of affairs was a very closely guarded secret.  Unknown to all but the most important the principal of pitting each faction against the others was based on this.  Over the years when one faction became too strong they would start to spend recklessly and waste more and more in pointless things.  While on a small scale this was accepted as the cost of nobles, on a large scale it was a major drain and very serious problem of the Golden Empire.  Every so often new programs to restore the glory worked for while but they too started to decline.  Rift Gate technology is common, over time it was expanded and used in many places.  The energy consumption required to run the rifts took up a very large amount of the entire energy consumption.  Centuries before the empire expanded and colonized worlds that would help offset the resource and land area needs.  Mismanagement in conjunction with the successful rebellion of the slaves on the planet of Eternal Guidance forced the consumption of the materials faster than expected.  The situation for the Empire was not dire, it could last for a long time, but it was an existence of want and need, not of joy and comfort.  The situation for the great factions was different; in order to support the long lived members and various ambitious offspring each struggled.  Faction Torre, one of the four pillars of the empire was fading.  Long known for their military power they were well respected.  Recently climate change due to over cutting of the planets tree and increased pollution from factories on SDI 4 caused a ripple.  The ripple was a drought.  The planet was used by the Torre Faction and others for production of food.  Food production for a population of 20 billion is a very serious and big business.  The Torre Faction was changing the desert of the southern continent into rich and fertile land.  Using water from the planets few oceans and heavy rainfall they were able to produce very bountiful and expensive food.  The droughts changed all this.  The first year was seen as a fluke and efforts were made to correct it, 3 years later in 2030 over 50% of the crop was lost, dead on the vine.  The Torre Faction was quickly and visibly losing money.  A meeting of the leaders of the faction and there staff in 2032 produced a plan.  The First Captain presented a wide ranging and grand plan.  It would help restore Torre Faction, the Empire and bring the other species to their knees.  The plan would have three major aims; the first would be to create a new colony.  The second would be to defeat the Lightgivers and the third would be to lure out the so called Union of Eternal Guidance and cut slaves down to size for a future invasion.   The First part of the plan would be to create a colony with a large local population that could be easily controlled and quickly bring the Empire and the Torre Faction much needed resources.  Once this was done then they could smash the Lightgivers in a quick strike war and then lure the upstart slaves into battle on some distance world and crush them.  They would follow the conventions of Planets, the agreed upon rules for warfare amongst Greater Humanity and strike at Species 6.   They would wait for the next training cycle to finish and invade in 2036.




***~~~***


Chapter 11 
Pushing Forward

Golden Imperial Empire 
The Golden Imperial forces entered Ottawa during the night. Mass panic and evacuations were taking place, a steady but very desperate population was being moved out of the way, and also Montreal, Quebec and other major towns were being evacuated to the south and west. The American military working through the night prepared for invasion. Staging out of Wheeler-Sacks Army Air Field near the Canadian border, elements of the New York National Guard, the recently arrived AW1 walkers under the command of Col. Pushkin and others were almost ready. The newest reports showed a large body of troops heading south on the Veterans Memorial highway towards the border crossing of Ogdensburg-Prescott bridge and the MacDonald-Cartier freeway. Engineers were just finishing placing the demolition charges on the international bridge and it would soon fall. Current plans were to hold at Wheeler, and prepare for a large crossing at Wesley Island,  in addition a smaller blocking force was being set up outside of Ticonderoga near the historic Fort Ticonderoga of Revolutionary War fame. Once the invaders crossed the borders they would be met in open warfare. It was assumed that an upgraded M1A8 main battle tank, long the main stay of the American Army would be able to deal with a big lizard or dinosaur backed by artillery batteries and gunships. 

Australia
As the stunning events took place in North America, Bobby was getting ready.  He quickly contacted a few of his friends in the military to see if he would be recalled.  The answer was the same, nobody was sure yet, but they all agreed he was best with Yoko and the company.  The company was small, but well liked by the military with its open minded approach while being well priced.  With a small R&D budget they were able to achieve a lot.  The common theme was for Bobby would be for him to best to support the military and Australia by trying to learn and understand the invaders and work on figuring out their technology.  As the hours passed more and more of the staff showed up at the office, while officially closed many wanted to see what they could do.  All the information including some restricted information from military channels was being studied and complied.  One area Yoko was very good at was research and number crunching. It had helped her in her schooling as well as in business.  Now she was using that on the new information.  The Golden Empire provided a very large amount of data, most of it was new but some of it was stellar based and could be checked.   

USA
Shortly after first light on December 27 the two armies met in battle for the first time.  The Aruk army split into two, the smaller force crossed near the recently dropped international bridge while the other as expected crossed at Wesley Island. Lightly entrenched at the river's edge the tanks and other forces opened up as they crossed. Elements of the New York National Guard and other forces had been preparing for most of the previous day and early morning.  They were well motivated after seeing videos of the massive destruction and looking forward to pitting man and machine against man and beast.  While the invaders looked fearsome, the American military was the strongest and most advanced on the planet. It also had the ego to match. They knew how strong and how well trained they were. They knew the battle would be fierce manly due to the numbers but they expected victory. They would easily cut down the dinosaurs and the riders. It would be almost like shooting fish in a barrel. Reality proved a little different. Using highly advanced bridging techniques the Aruk forces easy crossed the narrow gap of the rivers. Covered in smoke from explosions and other fires, the Aruk army stormed into the USA and into the front ranks. The Aruk was truly impressive up close; they were genetically engineered to stand against any enemy that the Golden Empire would face, man beast or machine on almost any planet and any time.  There frontal armor was similar to a battle tank, unlike a tank they could move with grace and agility that was stunning for their size.   The riders were also very well armed and armored; they quickly proved that they were also deadly.  Due to the prototype nature of his unit, Colonel Pushkin and his AW1 walkers were in the rear.  Following the battle over the internal communication net, he quickly realized they were in over their heads.   He heard sounds and voices that in all of his years he has never heard, they were of bone deep fear and panic.  The American soldiers were well trained, but trained to fight machines, not animals and not very large predator dinosaurs.  Veterans were affected just as much as the others.   Not all units panicked, in reality on a few here and there but the truth was evident to all and soon new orders were hastily given to fall back but most were too late. The speed and strength of the Aruk came as a very rude and very deadly shock. The forces along the river were quickly over run. A general retreat was called for back to Fort Dunn and Wheeler-Sacks Army Air Field. 
"All Titan units fall back, repeat fall back, move to position Wilco 4" ordered Col. Pushkin over the command net, his forces had brief contact with the Aruk but fared poorly just like the rest. The next few seconds were taken up by engaging a trio of charging Aruk that got a little ahead of others. With a quick flick of the wrist he was able to bring his main gun around, a short barrel version of the 120mm main tank cannon; it was brutal at close range. Pulling the trigger the shot jolted the whole walker. His 120mm tank killing shot took the lead Aruk square in the face, the animal went down. Now looking left and then right he saw one was killed and last of the three injured. Feeling a swelling of pride as his forces were performing well he started to looking for fresh targets; when he saw an amazing and disheartening sight. The Aruk he shot on the head was getting up. The rider was still on and engaging the infantry in the area. The beast took a point blank hit and still was not dead, his cannon were designed to punch through the frontal armor of a tank, and this was very bad news. "All Titans, take flank shots, the frontal armor is too strong. Also pair up, the beasts are tough. Team 7 and 12 will act as rear guard, then leap frog, next will be Team 6 and 11." The walkers still in good order started to fall back; Team 7 and 12 held off the advance forces and were able to kill a few Aruk by aiming for the side of their bodies as opposed to the head.  It was a deadly dance for they needed to be close. Soon they passed the rear guard to Team 6 and 11 who quickly adopted the tactics of Team 7, they too were able to kill a few Aruk but the numbers of the enemy and the speed of advance the kills were just a side note to be learned from later. As the Teams entered the perimeter of Wheeler they were quickly slotted into positions. "Titans, battle plan delta 3 that is battle plan delta 3. Engage at will but maintain formation." Now falling back again and working for a better angle he was able to reload and again shoot at the Aruk. This time in the side, seeing it go down, he reversed direction and charged to finish it off. The rider was still fighting and had jumped clear; he was engaging a handful of infantry and winning. As another soldier was cut down by a wicked looking sword, he fired his 20mm arm mounted machine gun. Designed to knock out lightly armored vehicles it staggered the rider. His second shot killed it. "All titans use arm guns on the infantry and fall back to position 2." A large and fast moving group of Aruk was just spotted; everywhere he looked the battle was going badly. While the numbers of dead Aruk was large, this invading army was willing to accept the losses, it was time to withdraw.  Soon they also fell back from position 2.  Shortly after the American army split up, the main body headed due south down I-81 for Syracuse while Pushkin and smaller forced headed southeast to Utica, New York.  The first major battle between Earth and Greater Humanity was a decisive victory for the invaders.   
To the east the second wing of the invasion force commanded by Captain 13th rank Sub-lord Mel Jor yi Borrerer easily broke past the small blocking force near Plattsburgh and a few hours later the larger force near Ticonderoga. By mid afternoon they turned east and marched to the sea. For the rest of the day First Captain Lord Welk Torre chased and harassed the main body of the American forces. A brief stand at Syracuse was followed by a series of counterattacks all the way to Scranton. Pushkin and company now acting as the rear guard was chased by a small Aruk force, the superior mobility of the walkers made them perfect for the rear guard, they were able to inflict heavy losses at time but started to wear down and run low on ammunition. By nightfall they were in Albany. The New York capital was being reinforced with various elements hastily thrown together as the military tried to recover from the staggering opening attacks but also responding to the general New Years and Christmas stand downs.  A deadly game of hide and seek was carried out by small Special Forces units as well as helicopter gunships. Fighting in the snow covered mountains of New England, the Golden Empire's technology was not as dominate. The new Acoma and upgraded Apache attack helicopters were able to rise and fire then disappear. Sometimes working with the Special Forces they were able to hurt the invaders. The biggest issue for Pushkin and his fellow solders was ammunition. While a typical human division may have up to 10,000, the fighting vehicles would be only 1,000. Of that 1000, around 300 would be main battle tanks, the others a mix of infantry fighting vehicles, artillery and various scout, support and other vehicles. In a typical battle losing 10% of your heavy armor would be significant. For each division that might mean losing between 30-50 tanks, for the Golden Empire it was different. 10,000 soldiers would normally consist of 7,000 Aruk Riders, 1,000 Vella and staff along with around 1,000 in the hammers. The remaining thousand or so would be support staff. So to kill the same 10% percent of the force, the Americans would need to kill 700 Aruk. If each Aruk needed an average of 2-3 shells each, this included misses as well as single shot kills, then they were looking at thousands of rounds just to inflict minor damage.  The running nature of the battle during the day and night quickly forced each tank, walker and others to conserve ammunition and start picking their shots. As the helicopter gunships engaged they were able to easily target the animals based on heat signatures, but while it is easy to knock out a tank, it was hard to kill an Aruk. The pilots fought long and hard but they just could not do enough damage and soon the Golden Imperial forces developed their own counter tactics which quickly destroyed a handful of helicopters before they were pulled back. Albany held throughout the next day, the main body now north of Scranton did not. They were again forced back this time to new and prepared defenses at Allentown. 




***~~~***


Chapter 12
Hellfists Arrive in Russia

Russia, December 28th
The bright flash occurred north of the large industrial city of Krasnoyarsk in central Russia. Within moments the Russian high command was notified and Marshal Malevich was told. The Russian military went to full alert; all forces in the area went to a war footing.  Fighter air craft that were on standby for the last few days raced towards the gate.  The nuclear forces started fueling the alert missiles and waited for orders.  A few minutes after the emergence, the first groups of the Hellfist, Union of Eternal Guidance arrived on Earth.  The gate opening not only surprised the Russians but also the Golden Imperial Empire and the Lightgivers.  A new and very unexpected foe at entered the conflict.   The Lord Welk was furious; the Union was an upstart bunch of salves and had no business on Earth.  For the Lightgivers the reaction was also negative, the Lightgivers had no love for the Union and normally had very little to do with them saw them as not worth the time and effort.  
The Union was smart and had spies in many areas, they had studied the reactions of the various human groups and following the basic procedures of the Lightgivers in New Mexico, they sent an unmanned probe through first with their basic information and specially tailored message for the Marshal and request for a meeting. Within two hours a small group of the Hellfists leaders and guards was allowed to gather and General Stolypin was flown out to meet them. A few hours after sunrise in the freezing temperatures of southern Siberia they met.  General Stolypin was dresses in his finest uniform and surrounded by a few menacing body guards.  The hope of Marshal Malevich was a projection of confidence and openness that would be a first step in responding to the message.  For the Hellfist, they were dressed in full combat gear with the face plates removed for the speaker and his senior aides.  They also hoped to show both the superiority of the Union but also the openness the message promised.  
"Greeting in the name of peace and prosperity, I am the speaker for citizens of the Union of Eternal Guidance. We apologize for coming to your lands without proper notice or warning. We thank you for not killing us. We have been watching the events of your world the last few days. We have observed how your leaders have quickly grasped the new situation and have started to adapt. We are here with a proposition for you. We do not seek empire for ourselves unlike both the Golden Ones and the Lightgivers. We seek friends and trade partners. We wish for Russia, to be our friend and major trade partner on Earth. I think we have much to offer each other, will you allow us to discuss this in more detail?" said Citizen Speaker dressed in plain but well made clothes of great function that gave an overall impression of being well traveled and smart.
"On behalf of Marshal Vitaliy Igorovick Malevich, I, General Pyotr Grigoryevich Stolypin, will meet with you. Also we warn you that if you take any actions we do not like we will kill all of you. We have an array of weapons very close. Please follow me to the meeting room, we will provide drivers and transportation. Your kind is allowed to gather as you like in the defined area. Do not try to leave."
About thirty minutes later the discussions started, they met in the local school, "General, our kind are traders, we understand flowery speech, but prefer to talk plainly and clearly. I hope this does not offend you." 
"Speaker, this is preferred, and we are similar people as well, please proceed."
"Thank you General, I assume that you were give very specific instructions while you were traveling here, we will try to keep this short and specific. We of the Union of Eternal Guidance and the Hellfists want to see Russia become a major power on the planet. Our spies and traders have uncovered much of the larger plans for the planet, as much as the people of Earth want to be free, it will not happen. The plan of the Golden Ones is to dominate the planet from North America, already they are failing, they did not think the Lightgivers would fight nor that the United States would use nuclear weapons. We are the third group to enter, but we will be followed by a few others. A cartel of the Trade Federation will arrive soon in Australia; they seek to supply weapons to the Lightgivers and their allies. We also expect a group or two to arrive, one in Western Europe and another will move against China. The Union is a state of equals, we are similar to what you would call communist. We believe that with your history and some modern improvements plus the wreaking of your major rivals, Russia can become what it should be and restore the Soviet Union and become a major player in not just Earth but Greater Humanity. To do this we propose a trade; we want some of your resources, mainly petroleum and we will provide weapons to you, plus ensure that your conquest is recognized by the other groups."
Many hours later and unknown to the rest of the world, a chapter long thought closed in human history would be reopened; the Soviet Union would start to rise again, this time with a new and very powerful friend. 

Pennsylvania
Being tired is nothing new for Colonel Pushkin in the army, but today he was feeling it more than normal, he was also sore, freezing and emotionally drained. For the last two days his unit had been playing tag with the invaders trying to rough them up but not get caught in a major battle again. Late yesterday he was ordered to break contact and withdraw. Command was ordering a regrouping to occur in northern Pennsylvania. His forces arrived in the late hours yesterday. While most of his troops were now finally asleep he had to attend a dawn meeting. One of the first things he noticed walking in to the meeting area was the pair of blue skin humans in white body armor. Thinking now the rumors must be true, the Lightgivers are real, then this meeting might be a bit more interesting. After a few minutes a tired looking General Smith called the meeting to order. "Okay boys, as you all have seen, we have visitors here with us today. Yesterday after a short meeting in the New Mexico desert we agreed to work to together to halt our shared enemy. The first elements of the Lightgivers forces have started to arrive. They are few in numbers and will be used to help, balance the odds, but we still have a job to do and we will still need to make the sacrifices for victory. The enemy is pushing south again and heading towards Philadelphia, we will be setting up a small blocking force here and here on interstate 81. Our main fixed positions will be north of Allentown. The Virginia and Tennessee National Guard units are arriving; they are staging out of Allentown. Pushkin, meet Gift leader Tososo, his combat walkers will work alongside you unit. Your team has had pretty good success with the Golden Ones so far, gift Leader and his aide will brief you on some of their tactics. Your team will need to be ready to move in two hours and at the choke points within three; we are expecting contact before noon. Is that clear?"
"Yes sir." 
"Good then get out of here we need your help to stop these bastards, we are looking at better than 10,000 Aruk heading this way."
A few minutes later after a brief introduction Colonel Pushkin, Major Tom and Major Jackson in her bandages were heading to the Lightgivers forces. The combat walkers were of similar size and shape to his own, but to call them similar would be to compare a couch potato to a superstar, super model athlete. The human walker was all sharp angles and boxes, the Lightgivers looked like a single piece of free flowing marble. It was all white inlaid with intricate designs in sliver. All of the weapons were hidden away or slim line for Pushkin could not see anything at first glance. While some may describe it as almost delicate, the Americans understood this was what they should be striving to build. Quickly moving after a shadow appeared above them they were shocked to realize two more walkers just stepped up behind them, they were no louder than a normal solder walking. Very impressive! 
After a quick rundown the teams split up and prepared to move out, Pushkin and his forces would lead the way. A Lightgivers force commanded by Gift Leader 3 of 100, joined up under his command, all others units fought under their own commanders. After a quick discussion any training or interactions were put on hold, the forces wanted to get to Allentown and the blocking positions as soon as possible. The next hour was a war against nature and terrain, the semi melted snow and the mud mad the move slower and more difficult than hoped for.  Also as impressive as the Lightgivers were, and it was humiliating for most of Pushkin's troops to watch them move almost effortlessly where they struggled, they also disrupted the ground in peculiar ways that also impacted the movement of the American troops.  Less than 1 hour later the first units now full of energy and looking forward to the next challenge with some new friends were entering the blocking area. Col. Pushkin was quickly briefed on the arrangements and inserted into the command net. The force was impressive in many ways; large groups of artillery, infantry and armor forces were deployed and looked to be in good shape. Dug in positions were clear to see and in contrast to standard doctrine fixed fortifications were being built and manned, trenches were being dug by construction crews from the local area. Barbed wire and other fencing were being stripped from the surrounding area and construction sites for immediate use.   In some cases old cars, wreckage and scrap was used to help shape and mold the terrain and avenues of advance.  The scene looked like something from the First World War, basic ideas of fixed war as practice by Greater Humanity was incorporated. Mine fields both dug and air launched were easy to spot. The battle would not be a subtle affair. It was going to be messy and dirty. The battle would be a major test, for the Americans now outnumbered the Golden Ones and were prepared, plus the addition of the Lightgivers was having and enormous effect on morale if nothing else. After a quick meeting with General Taylor, the local commander, and brief introductions of the Lightgivers it was time for business. 

Russia
Over the next few hours General Stolypin was in conference calls with the Marshal and others. In addition he and his team were preparing for a journey of a life time, they were preparing to pass thru the rift gate and be the first people of Earth to set foot on another planet. In the team freshly arrived from the Siberian headquarters at Krabroask was Colonel Alexandros Mikhailovick Trotsky and Major Valentina Annaova Akhmatova, they would be the liaison officers to the Hellfist and set up their headquarters on the distant planet. Part of the agreement reached was to train some forces on Earth and other more advanced forces on the Union world of Unity 3. Unity 3, the third planet of the Unity system was located 10 light minutes from the local sun, a little further than Earth and orbiting a K class star, smaller and dimmer than Sol, it was cold and dark. The light levels on the other side looked closer to overcast winters days, the temperatures were in the single digits C, perfect place for Russians. The Hellfists agreed to supply advanced personal arms, called the PW56, people's weapon type 56. A two handed rail gun firing single cluster shot smart bullets. They could remain one bullet or spread, plus they can determine friend from foe and make minor course corrections. They were not the most advanced bullets and prone to mistakes, but more advanced than anything on Earth and a challenge for the greater humanity armies of the Golden Ones and others. In addition new helmets with integrated communications, heads up displays and more would be provided. Other large systems including the DARS anti missile, which could shoot down any Earth aircraft or missile as well as  hover supply units, automated and manned supply units that could hover a few meters above the ground, these would greatly reduce the logistics issues.  
At the Hellsfist forward fortress on Unity 3, citizen base commander Kiki was preparing, he had already received word from the citizen speaker that the agreement was reached with some minor changes. The first shipment would be starting soon and the training grounds soon to be active. The promised battle walkers and hover craft were ready to be shipped from Raragoon and training programs set up. "Citizen Trainer, are the accommodations ready for our new guests?" asked the base commander.
"Yes citizen, we are ready, Colonel Trotsky will be well taken care of, also he is single, and so he will be looked after as is proper."
"Good, I am sure they will have lots of questions, try to tell most of the truth. The Russians should make a good client state if we handle them correctly. The other major powers will have more restrictions and will not be as forth coming; by being the most generous we can claim a greater foothold."
"Citizen base commander, it will be done"

Pennsylvania
A little before noon local time the first Aruk units were spotted 10km of the front. The battle of Allentown would begin. The artillery was ordered to hold and fire only at point blank range, the anti artillery of the Golden Ones was just too good otherwise. The blocking position was laid out in a big U shape, the bottom of the U was the main forces, along the sides were dug in infantry in a heavily wooded area, the front was a few miles wide, local farms and some light commercial buildings were in the area. The Golden Ones soon engaged the scouts and like the previous engagements charged to toward the center. 6000 Aruk were in the main wave spread out, 50 to 200 abreast depending on terrain they swarmed. The land mines were quickly over run, using what looked like giant robotic lizards the mines were detonated early and had very little impact. The artillery was next to engage, over 200 guns answered the call, they killed or injured over 1000 Aruk in the opening 20 seconds, few guns lasted more than 30 seconds and nothing was fired after 1 minute. Fearing a complete loss, General Taylor ordered the Air Force, artillery and some other units to stand down and move to the next position. This battle would be a slug fest. At 3 km the M1A8 Abrams main battle tanks opened fire, changed little from its glory days in Iraq, it was still deadly. 400 tanks opened up with laser guided 120 mm depleted uranium rounds. The site was incredible, living beast met bullet, sometimes the bullet won and sometime the beast. Around 120 Aruk were killed outright and many more injured, while the prewar boast that they could takes direct hit was valid, the Aruk could and did suffer. In this new battlefield the tank should have been supreme, the Golden Ones did not believe in using smoke to cover their attack, it was considered a cowards weapon and they did not have much in the way of anti tank weapons, they relied on the ground forces. Against any earth army it would be like shooting fish in a barrel, against Aruk it was different. A major armor division on earth might have upwards of 300-400 main battle tanks and similar number of infantry vehicles, fighting over a narrow front around 100 vehicles might be fighting at any one time, the other moving into position or holding ground. Vehicles worth millions of dollars each were to be protected and not consumed in a meat grinder war. The Aruk first wave was 6000 strong, the artillery, tanks, mines and others knocked out around 2000 or so, this left 4000 charging across only a few miles of land, the speed of the Aruk in full charge was impressive, it could move only like an animal very fluid and abrupt, the mass of flesh was a target rich environment, but with reloads time measured around 5 times a minute the Aruk were able to cover the distance and quickly enter the outer trenches. The tanks would continue to take a toll, but it would be a very bloody battle. 

The trenches and prepared areas in front of the blocking forces were very impressive and deadly. Using every underhanded technique to kill, maim or slowdown the enemy it was a death trap. A fear of the high command was the enemy would upon seeing the defenses try to go around or retreat. They need not worry, the Golden Aruk riders did not care what was in front of them, the greater the challenge, the greater the glory, and the greater chance for advancement in a warrior society.

The fighting was heavy and bloody, using new tactics of side shots and disdaining most common defensives measures like smoke, the Americans and their new allies were able to inflict great damage.  The Aruk rides were singled minded, when one died another quickly filled it place.  Pushkin and his AW1s would prove their worth.  The first wave of attackers were broken in most parts due to the heavy fire and fixed defense.  In addition the mining of the edge of the trenches killed or maimed others that tried to clear them in a single jump.  Spikes located on the bottom of a trench also had an impact.  No matter how much damage the Americans did it was not enough, like a mass of flesh the Aruk Calvary simply kept moving.  As each Aruk died, they started to fill in the trenches and clear the mines.  In a few cases Aruk with near fatal wounds simply pressed on and helped clear the way for others.  The second wave of attackers broke through in many places and the battle of Allentown was over.  Pushkin and all the others were ordered to retreat towards Philadelphia and beyond.  It was a crushing loss but proved that fixed defenses had a place on the modern battlefield the new great fortress and wall would continue to be planned and built in the south.

Russia
The team was finally assembled, 12 people would be in the advanced party, led by General Stolypin and Col. Trotsky. They wore full combat gear and had extra equipment in crates that would be taken over. Approaching the gate, they entered the equalization zone, they could start to feel a change in pressure and temperature, as well as a slight electric current. The team would walk thru the gate, while traveling between gates is easy, the electric current interferes with major electrical systems of most vehicles, the enormous amount of energy a rift gate needs, means even battlefield quality protection is not good enough, special extra shielding is needed. Walking the last kilometer the change in pressure and temperature was complete, as they passed thru the gate, for each person it was a different experience, but similar to static electricity passing thru your entire body and a tightening of your muscles, overall not a great time. The other side was flat and lights marked the different paths, some were for walking other heavier units. They were picked up by hover-car a few minutes from the gate and given a brief tour of the area. The area beyond the gate was a huge base and supply area, thousands of people moved around, vehicles of varying types, some easily recognizable from shape or current jobs and others they could only guess at. A briefing officer was telling General Stolypin about the areas they passed, soon they approached the towering fortress in the middle, they could finally grasp the scale of what they saw, what looked like a small wall was in fact 100m high curtain wall, with a variety of weapons emplacements. The team passed thru the main gate after heading up a wide elevated path, and crossing what could be thought of as a draw bridge and moat, the wall must of be at least 30m thick. It was like a ancient fortress they saw in the movies but built on a modern scale.  It was very impressive and daunting at the same time; nothing like it existed in Russia or Earth. Over the next few minutes they passed thru check points and switchbacks finally arriving at the main yard. The open area made Red Square look small, thought General Stolypin, who recently game back from Moscow. Dominating the area was a large and very solid looking structure, it had large full figured warriors in what looked like ancient armor sculpted on the outside of the building, each warrior was around 80-100m tall and highly detailed. The white structure made it seem like something from Ancient Greece or Rome. Later they would learn of some of the key difference between the Union of Eternal Guidance and their former masters the Golden Empire.  While the fortress was highly detailed, it was tame in style compared to the other races. After a brief tour of the building, they meet Citizen Base Commander in his public office at the top. The room was large and located on the corner; it had two full height windows along both outer walls, and beyond was a large well furnished deck. The room was well detailed and had what the earth team thought of as historic symbols or current icons on the walls. The room’s furniture was different from anything on earth, large black boards were floating in the corner, and a large circular table was located in the center of the room. The few aides that were sitting, were sitting on the large black boards that floated, these changed shape to match each person and were spread out among the room. A large and well groomed officer approached, "I welcome you to Unity 3 in the name of the citizens of the Union. I am Citizen Base Commander Kiki. I hope you have enjoyed the brief tour; we would like to go over a few things about the operation before it starts. Then we will give you time to set up and become more familiar with us." 
"On behalf of the people of Russia, I thank you, the tour has been interesting, and we look forward to learning more. Also the Marshal is keen to start the operation. But first I would like to ask what this place is, for it looks very old, much older than a few days." 
Standing and walking out on to the deck, he started to explain." We have been a star crossing people for a long time; we broke away for the Golden Ones a long time ago. Traveling across the stars as you know takes a lot of energy. This fortress provides that energy, but more importantly a gate is only temporary, we can change it as needed. We use these gates here as starter gates, they are well fortified. Look to your left and you will see other gates to other places. Once a rift gate is secure or protection no longer needed then we can open it again in another area. Since your gate is new we keep it here. The fortress complex is a key part of the defense.  Also you need to remember that a rift gate works both ways, it links both of our planets.  If things go bad on your planet we are still protected here.   This is true for both land and air based forces.  If you look at the recent nuclear attack by the American you will better understand the power of the rift gate but also the vulnerable nature.  Since the American weapons were traveling at a high speed and the explosions were very powerful the security features of the gate and prevented any damage.  Yet at the same time some of the ground forces were killed or injured as they passed thru the gate due to the ground blast."
As the base commander talked, the team saw the most amazing sight people of Earth have perhaps ever seen, looking to the left they could see the Earth rift gate and in the far distance two other gates, Earth was partly sunny with snow on the ground, another must be night time, it showed as a huge dark spot with some lights, beyond was a third gate opening onto a reddish planet with a strange color atmosphere. It was breath taking and showed for the first time the true scale of the universe to the team, and the power of greater humanity. After a few minutes of open admiration the General brought the team back to business, we understand that translators will be made available?"
Stepping forward a senior aide, well dressed of medium height spoke, "Citizen Russian General, I am Citizen Liaison Officer and will be working with your team, we will provide a translator chip for your use, it can be integrated in your daily wear in a few different ways. We have studied your language for quite a while, but only a few of us can really use it much." 
"We'll Citizen Base Commander, everything is as promised, we shall proceed as per your plan, please let us know what we need to do from here," replied General Stolypin. 

Unity 3
Shortly after the meeting General Stolypin headed back to the rift, his orders were to inspect the area and the Hellfists then report back in person to the Marshal in Moscow.  Col. Trotsky and his team were escorted to a briefing room.  In the center was a large black circle on the ground with a few of the floating black boards around it.  Still coming to terms with how to properly sit and look dignified the team waited and watched the others.  Once floating, the large circle on the floor turned on and presented a crystal clear holographic display.  
“Visitor Col. Trotsky, I am Liaison Officer Citizen Qwarar, I will oversee the training and interaction with your team and countrymen while on Unity 3.  We have an area prepared for you and your team.  After this meeting we will take you there.  I will have extra aides provided for you to help you become more familiar with our way of life and daily operations.  This would be similar to how you would operate with other nations and visitors.  As per our agreement we will begin the training of the first group of instructors here, the training will take two days at the start, once we have moved the first two classes through then we will have some of our instructors travel to your planet and working with your new trainers and start training your forces in general.  The first class will consist of members of your team and around 100 others that are being selected.  The second class will also be 100 strong.  Due to the request for a very fast turn around and based on events on Earth the program will be accelerated.  Tomorrow the first class will arrive, we have weapons ready for them and the training area prepared.  We will break the group into units of 10 each with a leader and support staff.  Additional instructions will be provided over the two day course.   Upon the completion each person will be given a practice weapon and transferred back to Earth.  After the second class is done then we will begin the first class of the walkers and hovercraft programs.  These classes will last about 1 week.  Our philosophy on training is to give basic instructions then let the user learn the next steps.  This way each person really learns what to do, not just how to follow instructions.  Once this is completed then we correct and review their progress.  Once the combat operations start, we will be adding instructors and trainers to each major formation as need and work with your high command.  We will be setting up liaison officers to be divided among your forces as per your own goals and needs.  In addition we will invite some of the senior staff together for some advanced training and tactics classes.  We will review some of the more common fighting methods of Greater Humanity largely focusing on the Lightgivers and the Golden Ones.  Are the any questions about the training right now?"
"We would like to be provided with copies of all manuals and training videos, we would like to send some of these back to Earth in order to speed up the familiarization process," said Trotsky. 
"This will not be an issue, we will provide all of these to you, some may take a little longer due to the translation work required but the videos and training drones will be ready by the end of the first class," replied Qwarar.
"Good, then please continue," said Colonel Trotsky, clearly impressed with what he has heard so far.
"The number of walkers and hovercraft in the first shipment will be low; following the second class we will have trained 1000 drivers.  These will be 400 walkers and 600 hovercrafts.  We will be supplying you with 200 walkers, 50 TR34, a recon unit, 100 TA467 a ground combat unit and 50 TF25 anti-air units.  600 hovercraft of different types, 40 HCL123, a light cargo holder, 120 HML59, medical unit 240 HCM44, medium cargo holder 200 HCC, what you would call a tanker or fuel unit.  Increased training of the hovercraft will be the main goal.  The logistics advantage in the winter time will be crucial.  This will allow you in both your lands and in attacking lands to easily resupply and coordinate yourselves.”  As each unit was called out a hologram was shown, based on the images and what they had seen, the Russian team was very happy.  Not sure how strong they were compared to the best in Greater Humanity; they would be very useful on Earth.  After some more detail and time schedules the meeting was over.  Guided to their new quarters the team finally had a chance to relax and soak it all in.

Russia
Finally back on Earth with some very impressive video, General Stolypin was flown to Moscow on a supersonic fighter jet.  Arriving less than 2 hours and 2 jets latter he was ushered into a meeting with the Marshal and his aides.  The video and report had been forwarded on already and reviewed by the staff.  “Pytor Grigoryevich, welcome back my friend, you had and interesting journey. Normally I would let you rest but time is slipping away from us.  Is there anything to add to the reports you sent ahead?” asked Marshall Vitaly Igorovick Malevich 
“Marshal, I am tired, but I serve the people of Russia.  I have nothing to add to the report, but would like to remind you that anytime now we should be getting the reports from Col. Trotsky, these will better let us know what is going on.”  
“While we wait for the Colonels report, I would like to review again the time frame of the operations with you all.  The start of the combat is January 18th.  Tomorrow the first of the infantry class instructors will start, 3 days from now the second class.  In 5 days from now the first class of the walkers and hovercraft will start.  These will finish up on January 16.  The infantry weapons will arrive with the additional instructors in 6 days time.  The first 100,000 will be delivered over the following three days.    These along with the other new forces will be deployed among the three main commands of attack.  Central Operational Strategic Command will be given 10,000 PW56s, no walkers and 200 hovercrafts from the first group.  Southern Command will be given 20,000 PW56s, 100 hovercraft and no walkers.  Western Command will be given the rest, 70,000 rail guns, 400 walkers and 300 hover craft.  We will deploy all but the training forces forward as they come available.  
At 0600 Moscow time on 18th of January we will open attacks against three main areas.  The Southern Command will move into Georgia, Azerbaijan and Armenia.  The 58th Army will be the lead force.  Elements of the 19th, 429th and 693rd Motor Rifle Regiments and the 136th Guards rifle Brigade with upgraded PW56 rail guns will lead the attack.  Backing them will be the 141st Tank Battalion and various other commands.   The goal will be to quickly move into Tbilisi and secure the port at Batumi.  In addition elements will move to take and secure Baku and the oil production centers.  They then will move south and secure Tabriz in Iran.   Once these objectives are achieved we will reevaluate and determine if we wish to pull back out of Persian lands or push south to the rebuilt city of Tehran.  
The Central Command will move into Kazakhstan . . . 

Unity 3
Unity 3 was a military world of the Union; it had a large and concentrated population spread among massive tower cities.  100 miles behind the triple rift gate fortresses was the tower city of Ragagoon.  The tower cites Unity 3 was surrounded by a series of rings unlike most of the Union; this was due largely to a combination of terrain and defense.  The enormous towers were typically grouped together, sometimes in pairs and threes, others more.  Surrounding the towers were large farming centers, spread out beyond that were the large factories and warehouses.  The next ring was more food production.  The outer ring was military fortifications.  The Union of Eternal Guidance grew up hard.  They rebelled from the Golden Empire and fought many brutal wars against them over time.  Other members of greater humanity as well as outlaw and rebel forces attacked them from time to time.  Smaller than any of the other major races, they were among the most heavily defended.  The cities were manly circular and had immense walls similar to the rift gate forts.  Ragagoon was a major military production center.  The weapons and supplies used on Earth would generally come from it factories.  The millions strong workforce was hard at work.  For the last few weeks since the orders were confirmed this had been the case.  Large well armed hover craft caravans were leaving every hour for the forts.   Once the invasion began the appetite of the forces would be very high.  In addition the training of the Russians, especially with the short course programs always used a large amount of practice and live fire weapons.  The invasion required weapons, ammunitions, target dummies, clothes, food and everything else you could imagine, and it was always moving forward.  The workers of the tower city unlike many of the other larger tower city populations in Greater Humanity, were well cared for a well paid.  The communist nature of the work force allowed a smaller population to produce at a greater rate than typical.  These workers when called upon were able to produce and deliver all the goods need, patriotism and production along with high quality went hand in hand, this was the ingrained culture of the Union.  The eternal fear of the Union was reconquest and enslavement. Many of the wars and battles over time had been fought to prevent it.  While many saw this fear as outdated in the rest of Greater Humanity, many in the Golden Empire, including large numbers of nobles and other influential leaders talked about the return of the upstart slaves and bring back the breakaway planets back into the empire.  

About 30 minutes after getting to their quarters Col. Trotsky and his team were finally able to review what was going on.  The next couple of hours would be crucial.  Preliminary reports had already been sent off to Earth and basic replies received including news and updates.  In an unexpected move the Russian high command was going to share as much information with the new training area on Unity 3 as they could.  Plans were still being worked out, but the goal was to create a think tank area that would work between the Hellfists and the Russians in a secure and unbreakable communication area.  This would allow secret plans and ideas to stay hidden from both Earth and Greater Humanity foes.  
“Ok, we all have seen some very interesting things, now tell me what either impressed you or left you confused," said Col. Trotsky after all of the members were finally seated and listening.
“Sir, if I may?’ said a Captain in the Air Force, a bomber pilot who soon might be out of a job based on new air defense technology.  “It seems that they have a great mix of technology, if you recall the reports of the Golden Ones and the Lightgivers, the Golden Ones used new technology were it fitted into their overall view of being a warrior or great society.  The Lightgivers focus on beauty and generally try to make things look great.  We should be careful here and assume that they will show and tell us only what is best for them but still show us how great they are.  Remember they are the smallest of the major powers.  It also looks like they prefer to play defense.”
“Sir, I would agree with the Captain, the images of Ragagoon were very impressive but also worrisome, they have an entire planet yet only are using a little of it.  They are using a lot of time and effort for defense.  Also I am not sure, but how strong and effective do you think those wall are?” said the officer from the rocket forces.
“I think this is something we and the high command will need to quickly determine.  As we have seen firsthand a rift can be opened almost anywhere.  Major defenses like what we see may be very common, it might be overkill, but it could be used for only a couple of minutes before the mobile forces are active or based on a long term siege strategy.  I think the Golden Empire would have a hell of a time trying to run a dinosaur up the walls and over the top, I do not care how strong they are, they can still be killed,” said Trotsky.
“I would agree Sir, but we also must think long term, this fort has been here a long time, 100 years ago Hitler was just getting going, and today a lot has changed, but the Hellfist are much older and have had gate travel for a very long time.  If you are going to spend the money you need to make sure it will not be obsolete in a few years or even decades.  I would suspect the size is based on only on real forces sizes but also a deterrent,  for it will take a lot to get into those cities and forts,” from the naval Commander, a former submariner and missile officer.  
“Ok, all interesting things, over the next few hours and days keep your eyes open and mouths shut.  Assume that everything is being recorded by them.  Think before you act and make sure we know where you are at all times.  The training schedule is as follows . . . “

The following day the first group of trainees passed thru the rift gate and was welcomed to Unity 3.  Meeting each group of trainees in person Col. Trotsky directed them to each of the various areas, including the required medical scan by Hellfist staff as well as a quick meal.  The medical scan was an unexpected bonus in Trotsky's mind, the level of information it provided as great, the meal provided after was meant to address some of the major biological deficiencies of each person, weather it was diet related or more physical.  Over the next few days, each solider would complete two additional scans and if needed undergo some minor operations.  Once the soldiers left Unity 3, they would be in better health than most had been in a very long time.  One of the Colonels big ideas was to try to get as much medical support from the Hellfist as they could, modern combat required a person to be physically and mentally tough.  Throughout history many armies had lost battles due to the health conditions of the troops.  The upcoming campaign would be a short but brutal war.  The recovery of the soldiers and ensuring mental clarity would be key.   Now that the Russian army did not have access to limitless numbers of conscripts, it was more important than ever to make sure that each solider was able to contribute at the maximum level.  This was a view also shared by the Marshal and much of the command staff.  They had all seen and studied the action of the Western militaries over the last few decades and  saw the value and effectiveness of the idea.   
Soon after the arrival of the first troops, a steady amount of traffic was heading in both directions.  A new joint Rift Gate Fortress was starting to be built on the Russian side of the gate.  Much smaller than those on Unity 3, the joint Human-EG was designed to provide both defense and warehousing space, in addition to the new training and repair yards   A large team of construction crews and equipment were already on site and preparing new runways and beginning foundations for the walls and main areas.  Large pieces of Prefab walls were being shipped in from Ragagoon via large purposed modified hover craft.  The Russian work crews were used to dealing with large items working in Siberia, the new machines along with the size and scale of the Hellfist equipment both impressed and stunned them.  It was awe inspiring to see the work done, but also scary as little on Earth would be able to scratch the surface, yet it also meant there were some very powerful groups around.   The trainees came mainly from the Eastern Command, for it was the closet. Soon, groups would be from the Southern and Western groups, these would receive most of the new weapons.  Later watching the first of the training sessions Col. Trotsky was impressed, Captain Orgonchi was doing a quick but effective job of describing and demonstrating the weapon that he only learned existed a few short days before.
“One of the most important things to remember is the lack of recoil, while it will not jerk back like an Earth gun, the PW56 does need to be help firm and steady.  You can fire in 1 and 2 shots burst but not fully automatic.  The clip holds 300 rounds and should last you a while.  The rail gun will get hot if used too often.  So please be aware that the barrel might be changed over time.  Also you will need to learn how to shoot and time the shots of the PW56, one of the built in functions of the bullets is its ability to explode as desired.  It is a skill you will need to train on for a long time.  For now we will show you the basic functions and then once you return to your unit, you can explore some of the more impressive options,” said Orgonchi.  
After speaking and watching for a few more minutes Col. Trotsky was impressed with both the weapon and the ability of the troops.  As different and strange as the weapon was it looked like two days would be enough time to train them.  Most of the skills would be picked up over time.  Also the battle plans called for retaining the existing AK92 riles as well as many of the other weapons.  




***~~~***


Chapter 13
Orion's arrive in Africa

South Africa, December 30th
Combat team leader Cals was watching with growing anticipation, the engineers were powering up the rift generators and soon the invasion would begin. The interlocks were now stable and the protection fields were engaged. The final countdown was beginning. Watching from her command center a few kilometers away see saw the first flashes then the stabilization of the rift. After final checks were completed the opening on Earth was created. The energy spike was huge but with in norms. After a few seconds the two planets separated by many light years were connected. It was time to move ahead, with final confirmation of stability and the all clear signal given, she ordered the first wave of troops forward, combat formation 12AZ and 15AZ were standing by, and ready to go. Unlike the other rift gate opening, the Republic knew what and where they were going. Their spies have been busy over the last few days and had been able to prepare detailed reports not only on the current events of the other races, but the reactions and current conditions in Southern Africa.  The information was similar in many respects to the pre-invasion reports, but now they finally were able to judge the reactions of the locals to the shocking and unexpected changes and revelations. After watching the lead elements of the combat formations pass thru, she gathered her command staff and headed for the gate. With a combination of fear and pride she passed thru the gate, focused now on the job she barely noticed the feelings of pain and distortion that were common to all. A few minutes later she was passed thru the protection fields, and communication was established on the other side. Fresh reports were coming through, the perimeter was now established and little to no contact had occurred with the humans. The invasion was timed for a few hours after sunrise, walking out of the protection zone; she quickly felt the change in gravity and the heat of a South African summer. Looking to her left she saw a small but growing numbers of human cars and trucks. All people on the road were being stopped and held. Some of the drivers were in fear, a few in awe and some just upset. The rift gate was 40 kilometer northwest of the outer suburbs of Cape Town. Located near the major highway running north it was a semi remote area, it would be able to easily accommodate a large force as planned. Remembering the lessons of both the Golden Ones and the Lightgivers she had a message being broadcast in a few languages of their intent. Also she was already having the air defense formation setting up and some of the forces digging out command bunkers in case of a major attack. Combat formation 12AZ consisting of 20,000 troops was starting to head south, the air scouts were already moving and reporting on local activity. Combat teams of land speeders were already at the outer suburbs and racing to the centre of Cape Town. Heavy combat speeders and the support speeders were with them, the battle plan called for a fast strike south to occupy keys parts of the town and then prepare for the major attack. Cape Town in 2036 was a well defended town; it had an advanced air defenses and naval defense, many in the surrounding mountains. They had little in the way of land protection. A special group of air scouts and air infantry were being sent to the mountains to subdue the defenders. Reports were already coming in of artillery strikes against the lead elements, while these did little damage they were a nuisance that needed to be taken quickly. After the first hour most of the plan was on schedule. That had contact with the government of South Africa, it was brief, and they would fight and never surrender to another foreign invader again, no matter what their promises were. Combat formation 11AZ, 13AZ and 15AZ were on the move north, the remaining units would be on planet in a few hours to join them. Formations 10AZ, 14AZ and the 23AZ were on the highway heading east towards Durban along the coast. Air fire teams were already back from their first raids against the major air forces bases of the South African military, they fared little better than the Americans did a few days ago against the Golden Empire. Flying very low and fast the bases were either unprepared or surprised, the technology level was stunning, they could dodge form point blank range and the stealth ability made it seem like they were not even there. Cals was assuming they would eliminate the Air Force as a threat in another hour or so. After that she would finish off the few ships of the South African navy currently at sea. Formations 18AZ, 19AZ, 24AZ and 30AZ were moving towards the central cities of Pretoria and Johannesburg. By noon only three hours after the invasion South Africa was down to only one branch of the military. The first major ground clashes were on the south coast where a brigade of South African regulars meet the lead elements of 23AZ, it was over in a few minutes, and pretty much one sided. In the first three hours only one small unit did any damage, all the others were defeats. The Government ordered the remaining troops originally planned for defense of the major cities to find rough terrain and do what they could. Durban was being evacuated of what they could for they had little now to stop them. The attack north was meeting little resistance as expected and would cross the northern border in the night. At the rift gate prefab fortress pieces were already passing thru the rift on air sleds, the mammoth sleds could carry over 1000 tones each and place the cargo with precision. The outer walls were already up in many spots, in the next couple of hours the barracks, command center and outer wall would be done. Resistance is Cape Town was increasing on a low level while the major forces had been defeated and captured. Cals ordered Martial law and most of the city was far from silent. Large portions were on fire, mob violence was common, rioting and a general breakdown in traffic and activity left the city a disaster zone. Additional control forces were starting to take some of the city back but the orders were to maintain only the central portions and let the rioting die out in few hours or days before they were to try to establish direct control. 
By two o'clock in the afternoon all towns with in 50 kilometers of the rift gate were occupied. In the small towns little resistance occurred, most were too shocked to do anything or just wanted to keep the peace and get on with life. In the tribal areas some bowed to the superior power and other fought. The plan allowed for this, the Orion's understood occupation better than all of the other members of greater humanity. They understood the drama the humans were detailing with; there would be shock, fear, awe and anger. The plan was to seize the key locations for transportation and security. After a few days or weeks they would start to crackdown. By letting them fight and resist they start to breakdown the old social order and makes them easier to defeat. Also resistance means basic services and business conditions also breakdown after a few days or weeks, then most will start to desire security and a future; the Orion's plan for this was to start to offer jobs, medical improvements, new technology and security to each and all who wanted it. By nightfall Cape Town was inflames, the northern strike force was at approaching the northern border, the southern wing was preparing to take Durban at dawn and the two central prongs were also getting ready for dawn assaults on Pretoria and Johannesburg. Barring any make upsets or miracles, South Africa would cease to be free within 24-48 hours and the rest of the world could only watch in horror and fear. 

China
The events of the last few days were shocking to the world and more than shocking to the leadership of the People Republic of China.  Plans developed over the decades and with time frames to match were now worthless.  China was still the second most powerful and second largest economy in the world behind the United States.  The nuclear wars and ensuing economic crises of the 2020s hurt China very bad.  The developed world reduced imports and with and increase in nationalism this greatly reduced purchases and investment in China.  Now years later they were back on track and moving ahead.  The modernization of the military was in full swing and among the premier forces on the planet in both ability and technology.  Few looked down on the quality of the Chinese these days.  Over the past few days meeting of the utmost secrecy were held.  Emergency procedures were put into place in case of a rift gate opening in either China or a neighboring country.  The rift gate in Russia was a shocking development.  After many anxious calls and meeting with the Russian Ambassador the Chinese were calm but worried. The Russians had told them a little of the new plans for recreating the Soviet Union backed by the EG.  They agreed on a basic sphere of influence for most of Asia and would consider a military alliance if needed.  Both were very happy with the humiliation of the Americans and wanted to use it to the best of their abilities.  Conferring by video calls, the leaders of China were meeting again.  Spread out to ensure survival and secrecy they conferred on the actions China would take for the next few days.    
“Marshal Ping, is there any update on the military forces in Taiwan?” asked President of the People’s Republic Wen and ageing and well mannered former member of the military high command.
“Comrade the situation is pretty much the same, the changes are small.  There forces remain on alert but are staying defensive.  The major cuts over the last decade have greatly reduced their effectiveness,” Replied Marshal Ping, Supreme Commander of the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA).
“Let’s take care of these traitors once in for all, they are just feral dogs that needed to be shot a long time ago,” said General Secretary of the Communist Party Jia Banggupo heir apparent to President Wen.
“I agree with Jia, now is the time to act, but we must cast the net wider.  We will only be strong for a short time.  The aliens have shown that they have little interest in us now.  If we can establish ourselves quickly then we will be able to hold more land and have a better bargaining position once they arrive.  Also note there are a few different groups now, not just one so we can make new friends with who we need,” this from Chaing Xia, Chairman of the Central Military Commission and archrival to Jia.  In times past China was ruled by a paramount leader, the person held the triple offices of President, General Secretary of the Communist Party and Chairman of the Central Military Commission.  During the troubles of 2020, the older paramount leader died of a heart attack.  Wen was his deputy and chosen as his successor.  He was still young, under 50 and only on the Politburo Standing Committee for a short time.  While he was chosen president, he was not made head of the other offices.   With Wen now coming to the end of his time in power, based on both age and the new world situation a new leader might soon emerge.  It was a three way race and only one would survive for long.     
“Very Well, we will begin final preparations for bringing back Taiwan into China.  Based on the responses we will then move to phase 2 and begin the invasions of Vietnam, Pakistan, India and Laos," said Marshal Ping, "soon we will move."  China was going to war.

South Africa, December 31
Formation 10AZ entered Durban from the south. 14AZ entered Durban from the center, 23AZ swung north to block any reinforcements. Within a few short hours Durban was under control of the Republic. Air speeders along with the heavy speeder formations headed to the twin capitals in the heartland of South Africa, Pretoria and Johannesburg. 18AZ engaged and easily defeated the South African Army forces blocking the highways southwest of Johannesburg. The South Africans fought with great courage and skill. It was a bloody fight but the technology level was too much. The Republic forces under command of Combat Leader Cals were well trained and smart, the invasion was in its early days, and the technology gap would be at its greatest. Each unit and team fought with this in mind. Most units engaged from a safe distance or used their speed to out maneuver and flank the amour and infantry forces. In one bold move the South African commander of the 23rd mechanized infantry brigade, launched a short and bloody counterattack.  While it lasted only a couple of minutes, it was the deadliest battle for the Orions, the heavy battle tanks firing at point blank range caused massive damage.  In the north, the border was now being held.  South Africa was cut off from any assistance from the northwest.  At 2:00 pm local time, Combat Leader Cals was contacted by the President of South Africa, he spoke briefly to the leader of the Orions forces and soon after he formally surrendered South Africa.  Following the call, he addressed the nation and spoke us the great courage and honor that the military showed,  he reviewed the terms of the occupation and called on all of his fellow countrymen to honor the terms.  All military forces were to lay down their arms as of midnight.  All local authorities were to return to work and prepare for new instruction from the Orions.  The Orions would agree to honor the basic human rights of all South Africans and work to maintain the integrity of the people.  At 12:01 am, a new year, 2037 and a new age in South Africa started.  The age of occupation would begin.  For the most part the military stood down, large bands in the tribal areas and other parts still roamed.  It would take a while still to tame the country but for now the invasion was successful and phase 2 and 3 would now begin.  The Orions had achieved a near flawless victory and proved to all that they would be a major player on Earth. 




***~~~***


Chapter 14 
The War spreads

Danzig World 
Danzig World was an earth sized planet in the Danzig System.  Located on the inner boundary of the habitable zone, Danzig was hot and dry.  Very little of the planet was occupied.  Vast areas of large deserts and mountains were common.  Less than 100 million lived on the world, making it one of the smallest planets of the Lightgivers.   Most of the population lived in the south near the poles.  The long term terra forming efforts was successful there.  The partial melting of the polar caps created a large source of water which lead to the creation of a few large fertile valleys.  Danzig was neither the most advanced nor the most enjoyable of worlds.  It had two main things going for it; first the planet produced rare crystal formations that were unique to the planet.  These were desired by many of the middle classes that had an affinity to some of the older styles of worship.  The trade was heavily regulated and controlled.  The second major reason was oil.  Petroleum was found deep underground.  The amount was not a great deal compared to Earth but Danzig was the largest producer in the Lightgivers Empire.  Petroleum in an unrefined state was of great value; it was one of the major resources of the Blessed Ones and could be refined and processed to unimaginable ways.  It was very expensive and well protected.  The oil wells were well protected and located in large groups.  Rift gate technology forced the defender to protect and entire planet from possible invasion.  

After the battle of Allentown the second part of the Golden Empires battle plan commenced.  Danzig was the first spot.  Three hundred years ago heavy fighting between the Lightgivers and the Golden Ones left much of the infrastructure of the planet in ruins.  Post war plans called for the abandoning all but the southern polar terra forming areas.  In addition they would group all the wells and reinforce all the forts.  In addition much of the planet was off limits to most people, including the general public of the Empire.  2 days after the Battle of Allentown 6 rift gates opened on Danzig.  

“Gift Commander we have multiple rift gates opening, three are near the poles, two are on the Segway-Minor axis and the other the ruins of Kras.  Signature is Golden Empire.  Boundary forts have been notified and Fort 124 has confirmed.”  Gift Officer Weapons reported to Gift Defense Commander Taloss, commander of the planetary defenses.  Located deep underground in his headquarters he was prepared.  Like the Officer Weapons he had a direct neural link with the defense platform network.  Based on reports of the battles on Earth and the rumors of the spies spread out among the Golden Imperial Empire new standing orders called for his forces to go to high alert 3 days ago.  The battle plans based on the rumored locations and strength called for attacking the enemy in sections.  Using the superior fire power of the Lightgivers mechanized walkers and air defense forces they would be able to handle all but the most powerful attacks.  “Officer, unleash all the batteries and coordinate with Walker Commander Balk For, have his forces focus on the Segway Axis.  Contact Walker Commander and have him hold per plans then get me . . . 

Within a few hours the Aruk charge from both Rift gates at Segway-Minor axis was stopped, the oil production centers had been lightly damaged from the Hammers but could be easily repaired.  The losses on both sides were high, but the Golden Empire fared much worse; of the 6000 Aruk and 15000 people total from both gates, they lost over 1000 Aruk and 3000 dead or captured.    The forces now were digging in around the Segway Rift gate after the temporary minor rift gate closed.  The Golden Empire's battle plan called for a quick strike raid and minor occupation force.  The plan was dead and defeat was looming.  The attack near the Ruins of Kars, long dreamed of by the Golden Empire in order to avenge the loss of honor from the previous war in which they suffered heavy losses was a disaster for two reasons.  Kars 300 years ago was a major population and production center.  During the heavy fighting the city never fell.  It was a symbol of strength, but it was abandoned shortly after the war ended.  Understanding that the city in a future war would be hard to hold they created a large number of unmanned forts and barriers.  They were completely automated, unusual for the Lightgivers, and updated with the most advanced weapons.  When the rift gate opened outside of the city the attacking forces found an empty city and very active forts.  The automated defenses worked as promised.  The majority of the first wave was cut down before they could spread out, large and very powerful warheads were used, much larger than expected.  It took over three hours for the attack to be called off and for the Golden Ones to retreat.  During that time they lost another 10,000 people and countless Aruk.  In addition the Lightgivers were able to strike back at the Golden Ones planet of G5, after the rift gate allows traffic in both directions.  Most of the major civilizations would use rift gates grouped around major defense fortifications for this reason.  The Lightgivers did this as well as the Golden Ones.  When the rift gate opened missiles traveling at over 6000 miles an hour were launched at the gate.  The goal was not to stop it, but to pass thru.  Most of the missiles were destroyed upon entering planet G5, but 6 made it through.    Three were anti-personnel cluster munitions.  The destruction to man and beast was unspeakable; the casualties were only in thousands due to the lack of forces in the attack.  The entire second wave was either destroyed or unable to fight.  The three other missiles impacted on the forward forts.  Two caused little damage to the outer walls.  One passed over the walls and destroyed the weapons storage centre.  The damage from that one missile was more than the battle plans called for in the entire operation.    The attacks at the south fared about the same, of the three attacks only one achieved over 50% of their objectives, and the other two failed with major losses, one gate was closed early with the retreating forces racing through.  The opening attack on Danzig which was to signal to the Lightgivers and all others of the return to glory of the Golden Empire was a failure.  

Glyde Frost
Glyde Frost World, the third planet in the Frost System was small by most standards, gravity was less than .75g and had a mass of around 60% of Earth.  The Frost system was a new system for the Lightgivers, occupied for less than 500 years was starting to prosper.  In the recent wars it was left alone.  The system had a large asteroid mining operation as well as large scale food production on the moons of the gas giant BBT.  In addition hydrogen and other gases were harvested from BBT. Glyde Frost was a unique world in many ways, when the first colonists arrived the planet had little in the way of local life, just simple cell organisms and bacteria.   Once the first phase of the terra forming was completed the temperature, atmosphere and humidity of the planet increased.  Once the first non native planets were planted the two groups combined to create a unique ecosystem.  The plants of Glyde Frost were unique among all the stars.  Most of the plants were common, but the trees of the planet were something special.  The trees were very tall and very straight, but unlike many other trees they could be shaped and molded like vines.  In fact they were closer to vines than trees; they grew to whatever shape they were fixed to.  Most were grown straight and used for various purposes in the Empire.  Others were shaped by highly trained and skilled growers.  They were planted, grown and then shipped to the great families, government projects and the elite.  The Glyde trees were a mark of greatness and perfection.  Being able to be grown in almost any shape desired they were highly sought by traders, religious groups and more.  They were worth more than their weight in just about anything you could name.   The precious trees covered only a small part of the land, the growing condition needed to be just perfect.  The areas were highly protected with forts, Air forts, attack drones, and even spaceships.  They were a symbol of the uniqueness and blessed nature of the Lightgivers.  The ancient Blessed Ones also had an affinity of trees so the importance of the planet and the trees could not be understated, there were many warriors who would rather die than see the trees harmed.  When the three right gates opened on Glyde Frost it was the attackers that were surprised.  Great care was taken to both hide and keep secret the actual defense of the planet.  Forts miles wide and 60 stories high were located anywhere a major attack might occur.  Two rifts opened within attack range of the Forts, just like on Danzig, missiles were fired into the gates blunting the attacks.  Within a few hours the forces of the Golden Empire were forced back and retreated to their own planet.  The third rift opened into a flood plain.  After a few minutes of heavy fighting the Golden Army established a bridgehead and was able to move most of their forces through.  About two hours after arrival the flood gates were opened.  The trees of Glyde need a lot of water, major dams and holding lakes were spread out among the trees.  The location was based on terrain as well as defensive purposes.  The Aruk while a fearsome beast does not enjoy water or mud very much, crossing a small river or a rain storm is fine.  Crossing a swamp is only for the foolish or desperate riders.  Two holding lakes were emptied; the wall of water was 8 feet high and spread out over a wide area.  Using barriers and channels they were able to direct the tsunami on to the invaders.  The death toll was not that large but the disorder and destruction was.  In addition the water flooded the rift gate and passed on thru to the other planet causing major delays.  The delays would prove a problem.  Amphibious Lightgiver forces specially trained to fight in water on Glyde counter attacked in force.  Within an hour the Golden Empire army was dead, captured, lost or fleeing.  The surprise attack on Glyde Frost was the second defeat for the Golden Empire.  

HG156
HG156 was the 6th planet of the 15th system of the HG survey.  The HG survey was one of the first and most important surveys conducted using rift gates by the Lightgivers.  Many of the major core systems were explored at this time.  HG156 was home to a variety of species and is a temperate planet.  The high axial tilt of the planet made for some extreme weather.  Due to this reason it does not have the high populations compared to other planets of the survey.  The main reason for the attack, just as in the past is its vast fertile plains.  HG156 produced a lot of food.  The food was not the most delicious or most desired but was a staple of the Empire.  The food was easy to grow, had access to plenty of water and very few other issues.  Also most of it was harvested by robots, making it cheap and easy to manage.  Most of the major Lightgivers food producers had large tracts of land on the planet.  Located near the core worlds the planet was lightly protected and not a priority for defensive weapons.  The opening of the three rift gates caught the Lightgivers by surprise.  While the attackers were quickly engaged they commander of the attack the was prepared.  The triple invasion was staggered to both create confusion and improve the odds of the attack.  Information from the two previous defeats was passed on.  Anti-missile defenses were ready for the counter attack towards the gate and easily defeated it.  Two of the barrier forts were quickly punched out by direct fire from the Hammers and over run.  Within two hours the Golden Empire achieved their first primary objective of the invasion and secured 30 harvesting and processing centers.  The centers held food for 1 million people for 30 days.  Quickly secured and overriding the robots, the food started to be shipped to the rift gates.  Additional forces of the occupation and control commands were brought in.  After 6 hours large parts of the planet were under Golden Imperial control.  Two small counter rift attacks were defeated and the main gates at Fallon City and Japser City were taken.  The victory was overwhelming and very sobering for the Lightgivers.  The victories of the first part of the day were overshadowed by the defeat.  Food sources would now need to be diverted and better managed otherwise large shortages might occur, something nearly unthinkable in the Lightgivers Empire of any of the other races of Greater Humanity.  The attack also showed the ruthless nature of First Captain Lord Welk Torre and the high command, for in taking the planet they force the Lightgivers to not only take it back but reorganize the logistics and strategic importance of each and every planet.  It would also have an unexpected impact on Earth, the food of HF156 was going to be used to support the many refugees in the United States, with the loss the Lightgivers now would offer much less support to the embattled Americans.  The quick counter attack war envisioned by Gift General Tsarin and his friends would no longer work.  A major effort would be needed to both take back HG156 and also secure other planets.  It was looking to be a long and costly war after all.




***~~~***


Chapter 15
Matters of Honor

USA
President Elect Jessica Walker Smith was not happy.  Shortly after the first attacks she was evacuated to California where she has been ever since.  Her beloved state of New York was occupied and the crown jewel of the state, New York City was gone, destroyed by nuclear fire.  On Dec. 26th she was planning to work on the creation of her cabinet and leadership branch.  She was going to have a few meeting and continue with the discussions on how to reverse the last four years of the Jaster administration.  Now in the most pivotal moment in human history she, the soon to be leader of the free world and by default the most powerful person on the planet was doing very little.  The nation was in a state of paralysis, all commercial aircraft was grounded.  The roads and highways had very little traffic.  In Los Angeles and the other major Californian cities were most people were staying home or doing very little.  The great economy of the nation was about to ground to a halt.  Everybody was waiting around to see what would happen next and the stupid male president had to have his stupid and pointless war.  How could he believe that the United States was going to defeat this new threat?  The most important thing was to save the people she could and then work with the invaders.  The amount they could learn from them and get help from them would be great.  To think many wanted to fight, when instead they should be thinking about miracle drugs, cures for every know disease.  Ways to stop hunger and suffering.  These are the benefits of greater humanity.  She did not care about the invasion of South Africa, if an invader wanted it, they could have it.  The heavy and precious metal could be found elsewhere if needed.  The nuclear war of a few years back forced the United States and many others to look to more secure and closer sources of resources.  She was concerned with the rumors out of Russia of some secret deal, but reports were unconfirmed and confusing at best.  Some long lost communist state was going to aid Russia and make them great, that would take a miracle.  No, her main concern for peace was the Lightgivers.  The hated enemy of the Golden Empire was a great species.   They are noble, well groomed, some of the men very handsome, and well spoken.  The issue was their obsession with revenge for past defeats from the Golden Ones.  Being a politician and lawyer she quickly learned the art of the compromise and quick surrender.  It is better to win a little than lose a lot, and if you look to lose a lot, get out and move on.  It helped her win the White House.  Still reading reports of the most recent battle, the most recent defeat at Allentown she was finally convinced it was time to act and act boldly.  It was time to end the war.   Her, her staff and many of Congress and the senior members of the government were in California.    Washington D.C. was largely evacuated and all major government functions moved.  The rift gate in New Mexico and the ever expanding occupation in the Midwest meant the far west was the safest place for now.   She quickly gathered much of her senior staff, most were staying in the same ultra plush resort, and briefed them on her new and treasonous plans.  
“Boys and Girls it is time to act, we have sat by for too long.  We must do two things, first take control of the government early and make peace with the invaders.”  Now standing and starting to pace, “The bastard Jaster is leading this nation to ruin.  He is acting far outside of his power and needs to be stopped and stopped soon.  I want an emergency congressional meeting, with the most recent members of Congress to sit here in California, we can use the capital building in Sacramento if need be.  Based on the current state of emergency we will have the President impeached for mass murder, for use of nuclear weapons on American and Canadian soil.  Once he is impeached we will have a motion presented that will call for me to assume power a few days early.  Once we achieve this, I will lead the nation from here.  The second thing we need to do is open communication with the Golden Empire and their First Captain.  We will agree to temporally allow him to set up his colony of Draco.  Now that New York and much of Canada is destroyed we can work out a way for him to occupy and rebuild the areas he destroyed.”  Looking around the room, still pacing she tuned and pointed to her chosen Secretary of State Enrique La Pen, former Congressman of Arizona.  “Enrique I want you to travel to the occupied zones and set up a meeting for me.  You can travel via government plane; I want you to leave after this meeting.  We need to have the happen very soon.  Next, Alex get the team together and start working on the politicians, see how many we have, and how soon can we get a quorum.  Also see what UCLA and USC have in the way of meeting spaces, it would be easier to meet in LA. “

Four hours later, Enrique La Pen, acting Secretary of State for President Elect Smith was sitting in an abandoned bar outside of Minneapolis.  Sitting at a corner table of the former western themed bar and night club, it was a strange setting for high level diplomacy.  Across the table was Lord Jork Kiii, surviving commander of the western attack forces of the Golden Empire.  The Attack force was greatly reduced, the nuclear strikes were devastating.  Over 50% of all initial forces were destroyed or killed.  10% were occupying Duluth and the surrounding areas.  Much of the remaining force was spread out among a few states and provinces.  Following close on his heels were the occupation forces.  His current attacks were focused on strategic crossing, roads, bridges and terrain.  He was going to let the major cities like Milwaukee, Chicago, Minneapolis and others suffer by restricting what moves in and out.  Soon the cities would be ready for storming by the occupation forces and he would then be free to use if much better trained forces to use a he saw fit.  Much better to allow the lowborn Occupation forces to die in glory attacking the barbicans than his troops after all.  A few hours ago he received new orders from the First Captain and was told to act in a more discrete manner and meet with a senior member of the United States government.   Clearly understanding the political and faction based power plays, he completely agreed with Lord Welk to try to use the current government and the new government against each other.  
“Lord Jork Kiii, it is a great pleasure to meet you, I wish we meet under different circumstances.  I think great things can happen between my people and yours.  We thank you for coming to our planet and my President is willing to discuss with your leaders their desire to create a prosperous colony on our planet.”  
“Mr. La Pen, I am glad to hear that your leaders are finally starting to see the superiority of the Golden Empire and are prepared to submit to us.  We will of course take good care of our friends and truly great things can happen.  In time your kind could rise to great heights in our eternal empire.”
Not sure how to take the words of the Lord Jork Kiii, La Pen was worried, for most human diplomats the statement would have many meaning, much of it would be empty rhetoric, but it seems that the invaders have a very different view.  Still he was sent by his boss to come out and set up a meeting between the First Captain and President Elect Smith.  
“Lord Jork Kiii, my reason for coming out here is to work out a time and place for my leader and yours to finally meet and finish this pointless war.  President Smith has closely been following the statement and actions of Lord Welk Torre yi Valleen and while she is saddened by the loss of so many, including her beloved New York, she is willing to put that aside and look to the future.  She is very frustrated by the illegal actions of the current leader and is taking action to remove him and take power early in order to create a stable and long lasting peace.”

Lord Jork Kiii, was a minor member of a minor family, the Nobility of the Golden Empire was very large, prior to the invasion he was a low ranking officer.  With death of the five higher ranking officers in his section, most in the nuclear attacks he was in a very unique and possibly great position.  The occupation plan was to hold a large area of land, as per custom it would be divided into sections.  Lord Welk Torre the First Captain would oversee it all, the Second, Third and Fourth Captains each getting 1/3.  With the death of so many, his position would be much greater than ever hoped.  In addition if he could bring peace he would bring honor to his family.  Not really caring the reason for the humans desires for peace he knew he would need to bring this to the First Captain but also copy the other leaders and the Imperial War Captain.  

“Mr. La Pen, I will forward your request on to my leaders and let them know of President Smith wishes.  I would like to ask you to remain a guest of mine until we have an answer.  I think this will allow you to also get a better understanding of us and our greatness.  All of your body guards and staff of course will be allowed. “
Still not sure if he could trust them, he agreed to the request.  If nothing else if he was captured he might be able to turn it into his advantage.  In addition he would now become an expert on the Golden Empire.  The invasion opened up many doors that would have remained closed otherwise.  It was a new world and he too was looking to get ahead.

California
While La Pen was talking with aliens, Alex McGreggor, a very beautiful tall and very smart blonde was multitasking like never before.  The ambitious ex lawyer was a senior aide to the former Governor and now President Elect.  She and her team had finally gotten everything set up for the emergency meeting of Congress.  The House of Representatives was empowered by the Article 1 of Constitution of the United States to impeach a sitting president.  The Senate was powered to try to conduct the impeachment.  The house in 2036 had 435 members.  The largest block was from Southern California.  Gathering the local, evacuated and electronically connected leaders they were able to form a quorum and bring the House to Order.  It would be the first time since the War of 1812 when the British burned the White House and other parts of the capital that non-civil war Congress would be held outside of the Capital Building.  Using new rules in place from 2027, members of congress in conjunction with their aides could be electronically present and active in a session while not present personally.  The process was simple, an aide would be nominated as a surrogate for the member, they would do all of the function of the member except speak.  Once an aide was given the floor, electronic screens would broadcast the messages of the members.  The recent election of 2036 pushed the Center Party and much of the reaming Republican Party to the side.  Forming fully 54% of the seats the Democratic Party was a supermajority in most cases but they were not supreme.  The new speaker of the house was a fierce ally of President Elect Smith, and while not agreeing with the idea of giving up part of the country he was interested in crushing the other parties and ensuring a long and uncontested rule.  Once new emergency powers were enacted Congress would have more power than ever before.  Working with his partners in the Senate he was going to make it happen, and happen in a few days.

USA
Lord Welk Torre was tired; he could not remember a time since basic training that he was this tired.  The victory at Allentown was a very expensive and bloody business.  His forces were currently regrouping and licking their wounds.  In the next few days he would order the force forward to face the next barrier near Philadelphia.   After taking Philadelphia the forces would move forward and create a buffer zone and start the construction of the major barrier forts.  The other prongs of the attack would continue to spread out and occupy all the areas of Draco.  In the north, Occupation forces under command of Lord Commander of the Occupation of Draco, were hard at work.  Daily reports had been coming in for the last few days.  Small disorganized fighting was still occurring in most areas.  The local population in the United States was fighting a guerrilla style war; many small groups of well armed forces had been found and quickly eliminated.   There would not be any trials or prison camps for these.  The rules of warfare were clear; anyone who fights is subject to extreme measures at anytime.  This has been established for hundreds of years and well understood.  In most cases fighting between the civilians and the occupying forces was very limited; it was an all or nothing proposal.    On this barbarian world they would be taught a proper lesson and his forces were more than happy to comply.  Reaching to his comm. unit he put in a call to Occupation Commander. 
“Occupation Commander, can you update me on the status of the second wave forces, are they still on schedule?  The weather and roads have been bad in some areas. “
“Lord Torre, most of the forces will be there, extra forces have been used to enhance the security of the region.  We will continue to do this per our instruction from the Imperial War Captain.”  The tone of his voice left little wonder who the Commander thought was to blame for underestimating the resistance.  
“Good, we will then pull our forces out and move forward as per our schedule and continue the advance."
“Very well First Captain, can you enlighten me on the refugee status?”
“Standing Imperial orders are to allow the refugees to leave if they wish.  We will allow them to over burden the local infrastructure of the proxy nations.  Once our control is firm then we can recruit them back as needed.  Once our technology level and standard of living is shown then we will have more ready recruits.  Now we must make sure they fear us first.”
“While I agree of course, I think we should be able to search and detain more of them.  They can be easily moving large amounts of weapons that will be an issue for us later."
Thinking back to the recent reports of small ambushes and attacks, the First Captain was forced to agree.  "If you want to, set up some check points and local control areas.  The original time frame was in a week but some now will be fine.  The bad weather will be keeping most people in doors.  In addition once the extra recon drones are deployed then we will be better informed of what is going on.  It is still early days but we are looking good.”
“Very Well Lord Welk Torre, we will move up part of the plan, this will require us to divert more the of the occupation forces from the east to the central areas as we move.  If you are ok with this then I will start it now.”
“Commander, I am ok with it, I will also let the Imperial War Captain know that we are ready for section 2 forces to advance on the rift gate. “  Quickly ending the conversation the First Captain summoned his aides.  “please again explain to me why we are getting a request from a person called President Elect Smith that is very different from President Jaster and why should we care until she is in power?” 
“Sir,” said Qesete the diplomatic and communication officer assigned to the command group, “President Elect Smith recently won a contest to be ruler of the nation.  You saw the information just like I did, why she won I do not know, but based on their laws she should be given power in a few weeks time in a ceremony in Washington D.C. If you recall using this election was part of our plan to divide the nation.  It is our view that she is trying to secure herself a better position than what she thinks she will have.  Also if she can show herself as strong then she will be able to move boldly against the opposition and consolidate her rule.  Based on the history a new president has tremendous power at the start that slowly fades as the opposition digs in.  Also in most cases a leader that lost the contest will not do much until they are replaced.  This was part of our calculations.  The current leader, unpopular by many is acting very different.  He knows that in a few short days he will no longer be powerful and may even be killed by his rival.”
“Should we accept this meeting they have planned, it will mean we must pause in the fighting?”
“Sir, once we win at Philadelphia and reach the southern limit then we can easily agree, the fighting in the outer areas will still go on, but we can reduce the scale for a few days.  This could be the opening we need to start the orderly transition.”
“Lord Tai Vos, do you agree is this a real action or fake,” asked the First Captain to the Second Captain via comm call.
“Lord Welk Torre, I would agree with Qesete, once we have achieved the limit in the south then we can start the fortification process.  The central area attacks are progressing well and still on schedule.  We need to think about using this low class woman to thwart the Lightgivers and force them to bow down to the needs to their weak Allies.  It might even break the alliance.  Well worth a short rest.  Also you might enjoy a quick bit of sport with her after all she is only a woman, she is only really looking for a strong male ally to support her quest for personal power.  We have seen it on countless planets." Laughing the Second Captain commander of the Central attack now near Cincinnati ended the call.       

Out of view from the comm call, the advisors of the Second Captain were listening and waiting.  After he hung up he asked for their views.
“Lord Balk Nors what is the status of his forces, can they take Philadelphia?”
“Sir, he will easily take the city, the price will be very high.  The Lightgivers will not go hard yet, they do not want to over commit to this planet after the victory at HG156.  But the First Captain will want a quick victory to show that the Battle of Allentown was a onetime occurrence.    So he will rush the orders and use larger weapons than planned.  We already have seen the Hammer forces being moved forward to prepare for a major barrage.  This will destroy much of the city and surrounding area.”  
“Sir” said another, our spies report that the armed groups are posing more havoc than expected.  The highly forested areas are now being avoided and most of the ground forces are being moved in only large groups and at night.  The advanced armor was over rated to the threat.  Our area being more open and less hilly and forested is much easier to pacify.”
“Good, my brother Captain is under a lot of pressure now, his future wife’s family is under more pressure from their allies as well due to the high losses.  They are now planning on waiting longer than the first plans called for.  Every battle and occupation has risks but if he does not produce soon it will look very bad.  I think we can assume he will meet with this woman, therefore we should try to push the attacks harder as soon as we can, we do not know what he will agree to, we might have to hold in place.  If we are advancing hard and fast then we can better control where the advance stops.  I want new orders to all groups to push ahead.  If the opposition is not very strong then bypass, we need to gain ground.  If they look strong and determined then storm them.  It is our time to shine so let's get to it.“

Occupation Command
Lord Hallik Gaijin was finally done with the First Captain call with his new orders.  Soon after finishing, he had a quick call across the rift gate to the Imperial War Captain. Hallik Gaijin confirmed the rumors of the unease at which the current battle was going.  The Occupation forces, long looked down upon by most of the major factions and military leaders was looking forward to an increase in their role.  The resistance on the planet was not unexpected to them unlike most others.  They knew and planned for this.  The first wave of troops was equipped based on standard doctrine.  The second section would be better armed and prepared.  Moving the forces out of the major cities was a goal of both the High Commander and the Occupation Commander.  In the open country side they would be masters.   In addition if Lord Welk agrees to meet that low class woman, then he would be forced to halt his advances, but the Occupation forces would still be allowed to move.  This would allow Hallik to gain the upper hand.  He was also thinking of the Second Captain, he might be worth the effort of contacting and working with if he can stay on the planet.

Washington D.C.
General Charon, Chief of the Joint Chiefs of Staff was wide awake and full of energy.  Stimulate pills and caffeine can do wonders when needed.  Meeting with his staff and reviewing the latest reports he was worried but not desperate.  The big gamble was looking to payoff.  The early nuclear counter attack had limited the invaders ability to fight and maintain superiority in all areas.  The recent arrival of large numbers occupation forces was a major issue was much but easier to handle than Aruk mounted warriors.  The Battle of Allentown while a major defeat went better than hoped.  In all previous battles the American forces were quickly routed, the fixed defenses long opposed by the military were proving their worth.  Also the walkers for the first time were able to work together with other units like infantry and armor.  The Lightgivers while small in number were able to make a modest difference.   The upcoming battle for Philadelphia would be brutal.  Fixed defense were being built throughout the area but the urban nature of the battle would both hurt and help the defenders.  In order to limit civilian deaths the President ordered the city to be abandoned and only small critical areas be protected until the enemy proved too strong.  New stronger fixed defense were being built in Northern Maryland and West Virginia.  Small groups of Lightgivers were helping out with the defenses.  In key points advanced weapons were being emplaced.  Extra weapons were being provided as well.  A crash course training program was now under way and a few of the new weapons from the Trade Federation were starting to pop up.  New crews were being trained on the spot on both the firing and proper care.  The fixed defenses were being manned by what was left of the Tennessee and Virginia National Guard units after Allentown.  In addition the Florida, North Carolina and other National Guard units were now present as well.  The 3rd Armor and 51st Infantry brigades arrived last night.  The 7th Calvary and 34th Infantry would be arriving by noon.   Combined with the 81st airborne and 1st Armor, baldy under strength after a week of fighting they would be able to field almost 60,000 soldiers.   On the Central front the Ohio, Iowa and Arkansas National Guard units had combined with the forces out of Fort Leavenworth and other central plains bases.  
The western front was still holding, the early cracks were starting to disappear.  Minneapolis/St. Paul was still under siege and the scene of some of the most brutal fighting in the war so far.  Duluth was fully occupied along with Fargo plus forces were moving towards Milwaukee.   The Illinois National Guard units plus forces from Naval Station Great Lakes were setting up a blocking force north of Chicago.  
The worldwide situation was looking steady.  Rumors of war out of Russia were worrying but reports showed nothing would happen for a least a few weeks or months.  Also the Europeans were on full alert and closely watching Russia.  In South Africa the Orion conquest was basically complete; all that remained was pacification of some of the tribal areas and parts of the towns.  The bulk of the military had already surrendered and the government was broken.  The Orion forces were still pushing north in Namibia, Botswana, Zimbabwe and Mozambique.  Lesotho and Swaziland already surrendered.  While the situation was very bad, the real effects would not be felt in loss of resources for a few months.  In addition the global economic and financial crises would mitigate most of the damage.  Outside of those areas the rest of the world was waiting and watching.  The Islamic lands were in disarray still following the emergence of different groups of humans and the direct challenge to Islam.   Most of the governments were trying to stay in power and keep basic order.  General Charon was convinced that the American forces abroad would be able to hold the line and that with the help of the Lightgivers they could stop the Golden Empire.  He missed the reports about China.

Ing1, Golden Empire
The Attacks against Gylde Frost and Danzig were expected, the quick victories were the results.  The failure on HG156 was surprising.  Always planning to expand the war, the Lightgivers were still confident in there grand plans.  Gift General Tsarin and others planned to not only fight on Earth and defend a few key worlds, they also would strike back.  Commanded by Gift General Ottosin, an attack would be launched against Ing1, an old colony world of the Lightgivers conquered many centuries ago.  This war would be about settling old scores.  3 days after the attacks on Danzig it started Ing1 was supplied by the Fortress world Golden Destiny 4.  The Golden Empires defensive battle plans called for a large mobile Aruk army to be stationed with easy access to both of the major rift gates.  3 large army groups were located there.  In case of an attack on a neighbor planet an army would be sent to reinforce. In addition the third army would be used either in an emergency or as preferred to overwhelm the smaller force and crush it, then freeing up additional troops and heading to the other gate.  The Lightgivers were familiar with the strategy and were counting on it.  

“Gift General Mysin, the rift is stable, Commander Osin, has established the outer zone,” reported Gift Senior Aide Jsin.
“Very good, inform me when Osin is attacking.”

Alarms were sounding, a rift gate was detected on planet, it was from the Lightgivers.  “My Lord, we have confirmation of rift gate at TT124 x WW596, reported the watch commander.  
“Good, have the standing army move to attack and inform Lord Balk Tiagge on Golden Destiny that we are under attack.  Prepare the rift for our reinforcements.”

On Golden Destiny the information was received, the attack was expected, and the warriors were ready to go.  2nd Aruk group of 30,000 Aruk and other support units were heading to the rift within in 10 minutes.   The well drilled and often practiced operation while very complex was running smoothly, Ing1 would soon be a major battle ground.  

Quickly establishing a bridge head, Commander Osin, at the head of 50,000 Lightgivers, including 20,000 walkers was advancing fast.  Ing1 was a heavily populated world, but very concentrated.  Most of the area was wasteland, a hard and rocky area that covered most of the planet.  The rift gate was established 200 miles west of the Rift fortress and gate complex near Vegveghihi, and 100 miles south of the major industrial region of Kelkan.  The Lightgivers headed at high speed toward the Kelkan, to occupy and or destroy this area would be a major blow for the Golden Empire.  Occupation Command units were quickly alerted and were preparing for a brutal fight.  Their plan was to hold the invaders along the outer limits and then with the reinforcements from Golden Destiny combined with the local Aruk forces crush them between the two.  The fighting on the outer limits was fierce.  Large walls and barriers protected the Kelkan from invaders and from the wasteland.    These barriers were well maintained and well staffed.  As the Aruk armies now numbering 60,000 Aruk and support units recently backed by the reinforcements raced to the battle when something unexpected happened.  3 new rift gates opened.  1 gate opened southwest of the Aruk army and quickly another 50,000 troops were on the ground and moving to engage.  At the same time another 2 rifts opened to the east of the Golden Army, the 5th combat group of 60,000 Lightgivers quickly emerged and started to encircle the army.  The ensuing battle was very brutal; the Aruk army was outclassed but fought with great strength.  They would fight on for many hours but were quickly broken after all three battle groups attacked.  As the major defeat was shaping up, Lord Valleen Tor called for additional forces from Golden Destiny.  After a few minutes of quick heated discussion and confirmation from higher command the 3rd Aruk army was released.  75,000 strong, they arrived on the planet ready to fight.  Quickly leaving the rift fortress area they moved to break the invaders formation and free the trapped army.  Before they could engage 3 new rift gates opened.   Attacking a heavily protect world was very hard.  Modern technology was very impressive but in most cases canceled each other out.  High-speed missiles could eliminate a fortress with powerful warheads but could also be easily shot down.  In addition large energy shields could protect some areas from major damage.   As a result most major fighting was left to smaller units; the Golden Empire favored the Aruk, the Lightgivers the Walkers.  The Rift gate complex at Vegveghihi was a double rift fortress.  Both rifts were from Golden Destiny.  Two very large and very strong fortress stood guard.  The attacks on Danzig, Glyde Frost and HG156 were small attacks.  The Lightgivers were making a major and unexpected move against the Golden Empire.  The three rift gates opened between the 3rd Aruk army and the fortress, each rift 120,000 troops, with a minimum of 60,000 walkers each emerged.  

“My Lord, we have picked up another 3 rift gates, they are between us and the 3rd Army. “
“Very well, Commander, if the Lightgivers want to play with us today, then we will play with them, unmask all batteries and have them fire at will, also bring all secondary weapons online.  Have Junior Captain Tuval prepare the wall defenses. “
“Yes my lord, I have passed on all the information, all batteries are beginning to prepare, we will be at full power in 3 minutes.  The outer wall guns report that they are starting to fire at the attackers.”

The first 30 minutes of the attack was bloody, 2 army groups, 34th and 19th both recently arrived headed toward the forts, the third army group 17th turned to fight the 3rd Aruk Army.  Coordinating with the still capable forces of the 5th combat group, the walkers advanced into the fray.  Claw and bone met metal and armor.  Just as before the Golden Empire fought hard and with great honor, but the numbers and skill of the Lightgivers was just too much.  The survivors headed north towards Kelkan protection and to combine. They were out of the fight but not out of the war.  

The 34th army group closed and stormed the walls of the rift forts, new tactics and weapons, long kept secret were used for the first time.  Small but very powerful breaching charges were placed all over the face of the walls.  Once they detonated they tore large chunks of fortified wall out.  They did little real damage to the wall, but the careful placement allowed them to create a crude but effective ladder.  Using an improved foot pad, the modified walkers were able to climb the newly damaged wall up the 200 meters and breach the top.  Taking terrible losses they proved too much for the defenders.  

“My Lord, they have taken the outer walls, we must fall back to Golden Destiny and gather new forces," said the Senior Aide.
Calmly he turned to the aide, a long time associate and friend of the family, he was given the position because unlike most he preferred combat from a safe distance.  Sadly for him it would come down to a close fight.  Fearing a rash and stupid action, Lord Valleen Tor, pulled out his sword and in one swift cut, separated his aides head from his body. “No, Senior Aide, we will not run,” with blood still on his sword he turned to the command staff,  "inform Golden Destiny of our problem, we will engage the attackers face to face and try to gain extra time for the other fortress.  It is our duty and our honor.”
After a quick and heartfelt cheer the forces headed out to engage the defenders, all self destruct protocols were already under way.  The Lightgivers might get the fortress, but not all of it.

The headquarters team was quickly killed, shortly after a few very large and powerful explosions were felt.  The armories and many other key areas were destroyed.  The plan was working to perfection.  The Golden Empires fortresses were very impressive, to be forced to kill them one by one, room by room was to be avoided at almost any cost.  By quickly breaching the walls the Lightgivers planners hoped to force the commander out into the open and destroy much of the fort himself.  The goal of the plan was to eliminate the forts in order to force the Golden Empire to either give up a counterattack or force them out into the open.  Within the hour, the 17th army joined up on the attack of the second fortress.  It too was quickly over run in a similar manner.   8 hours after the first rift opening the largest and most important defenses and Aruk armies were defeated, now the second part of the attack could begin.  All rift gates forts have very large energy fields, but each field is set to defend against a particular speed of attack.  The vast majority are based on the very high speed missiles similar to the ones used on New York.  Using this the Lightgivers had a different idea.  10,000 missiles were launched from a variety of planets in the empire, they were gathered together after passing thru a collection of rifts and once in a major group they travelled to Ing1 and hurled themselves at the two rift gates, 5,000 per gate.  The missiles were again a very secret and new item, being fired in anger for the first time.  They traveled at high speed, prior to impact on the rift they separated into two pieces.  The first and largest was the main warhead; it traveled at high speed and impacted onto the shields.  Due to the large number the energy shields were overloaded in a few areas and some slipped thru causing major damage.    The second part of the missile now slowing down was able to pass thru the shields and impacted against the walls as was usual.  The main difference was buried in the second part were robot diggers, each after impact started to dig into the walls, after they reached their assigned depth they detonated.  Thousands of these detonated all over the walls and some broke into the inner layers.  The walls and outer defenses were highly damaged and now possibly open to invasion.   The Golden Empire did not grow to strength by courting weakness, understanding they were temporally outmatched they ordered the rift gates closed for the first time in over 400 years.  Ing1 was now on its own, all the forces would be expected to fight and survive now behind enemy lines.  The opening battle of Ing1 would be won by the Lightgivers but it was far from over.  

“Lord Balk Tiagge, the rift gates have been closed; we are now to execute battle plan H900101.  I have sent all instructions to the forces and am getting positive replies back.  Also the secondary forces are preparing to stand to.  Within 3 weeks we will move to the next phase,” reported the second in command of the Kelkan defenses.
“Very good, Lord Pelle Morgo, we have planned for this, and we both know this planet is not for the weak, we will see if the Lightgivers can handle it and us at the same time," replied Balk Tiagge.
"Very good you say, I say great, now I can call my first wife and tell her the sad news that I will not be able to attend her families all day party in three days time, I have been looking for an excuse for years to get out of these things and now I can, after all one cannot argue about being invaded."
"I know the feeling as well, we now have something to do and all the other stupid stuff we can push aside, it is nice to get back into the action again."





***~~~***


Chapter 16 
Another Rift Gate

Australia
The rift gate opened at noon near the Sunshine Coast in central Queensland just north of the tourist town of Noosa. This time the rift was expected, the Lightgivers had acted as a go between for Cartel Orson, they informed the Americans who passed it on to the Australians. Cartel Orson sent through a small delegation, it was quickly met by a delegation of Australians and their allies. Looking around and smelling the planet, Jjbeb Orson was impressed; the reports were accurate on the pre contact information. Also while the local population seemed very hostile, it was better than hoped. In addition the major economic, political and social changes looked to be in his side's favor. He liked the look of the humans, truthfully they looked a little boring with a single skin tone, but better than some of the other people he had dealt with over the years. He still did not understand the big deal about the difference in tone weather it was very dark, or lighter, but he knew it was sensitive.  As the delegation approached he saw a collection of military types and what looked to be government types. It was funny how easy it was to tell, almost all humans acrt in similar ways regardless of the planets he had visited. The group was clearly uncomfortable, it was very hot in the Australian summer, and with little in the way of clouds it would get hotter. Looking to get started and get out of the heat, he approached the group.
Standing around in the sun with his fellow delegates, a mismatch of people who were close at hand when news of a gate would open soon, Member of Parliament David Johnson from Noosa was scared. Another group had just shown up on earth. The Australian government, recently coming to power in a messy early election was in complete disarray. The global economy was in shock, nobody was sure if it would collapse entirely in few days or keep on. New York was gone, United Nations building was gone, and Wall Street was gone. Tens of millions dead! The nuclear counter strike from the Americans had slowed the tide; both sides were doing everything they can to gain and advantage. With the arrival of the Lightgivers in New Mexico it was starting to look like the Golden Ones may be contained. Other problems are emerging on an hourly basis, and now a possible trade route with another planet makes everything confusing. Less than an hour ago he spoke with the Prime Minister who had just gotten done speaking with the Americans; he was told a gate would be opening soon in Australia. He was ordered to go out and meet on behalf of the government, the people from the Trade Federation. Soon he saw the well dressed man start walking forward, seeing his body stripping up close was amazing, he was wearing a long vest than came close to the ground, similar to the other members, similar in shape to a dress but very different, parts of it he could not even guess what is was or even did.  As he moved he made no sound and looked to travel above the ground!
"Greeting on behalf of the Trade Federation, Cartel Orson, we wish you and yours prosperity and happiness. We are here to help the people of Earth and our friends the Lightgivers. We have a large variety of items to trade both for the short term fight and long term benefit of our two kinds," said the Jjbeb.
"On behalf of the people of Earth and Australia I welcome you. We look forward to learning more about you and what we can do for each other," said David, part of his discussion with the prime minster was to see what trade could be opened up, if Australia could be the gateway to other planets then they would be able to weather the current storm.

As the news spread of a new major gate in northern Australia, the government quickly moved to exploit it to the best of their ability. The Trade Federation was looking to make deals, all of the most important companies were contacted within hours, staff holidays were canceled, and vacations that were to be a month long as typical were stopped after a few days. CEOs and bosses rushed from wherever they were to start making plans. Among the business were Yoko and Bobby's. They were well known for creative inventions and being smaller in size they could adapt easier. "Yoko, pack anything you need, we got to leave in 30 minutes if we want to make it on time, the drive should be 4 hours, and I will swing by Byron police station to get the permit on the way out." 
"I am packing now, I got the emergency bags ready to go, start the shut down procedures for the lab, also get the bills paid, and turn on the accounts."
Similar to the rest of the world Yoko and Bobby watched in horror the news from North America, but unlike most they quickly started to study everything, Yoko was comparing all the information for the Lightgivers and Golden Ones on the recent history. Bobby was busy trying to copy some of the basic technology presented and figure out how some of the simpler stuff worked. Some of the small staff also was helping out, some remotely and others came in to the shop and worked. For a small group they had a very good understanding of what was going on compared to others. A few hours later they made it to the meeting all at the Noosa conference and visitors center. It was packed, some of the people were scared others shocked and some eager. The biggest questions were, what did the spacers want and what would their stuff cost. 

Australia
After a delay the meeting finally started.  The main hall of the Nossa Convention centre was packed; all the seats were filled and three to four deep standing around the walls.  Camera and reporters were everywhere they could find a place.  Entering from the lobby was a tall and uniquely dressed man.  As he moved through the room a low buzz followed.  For most this was the first time to see an alien up close.  He looked very different and similar at the same time.  His features a perfection of humanity, the proportions were just right and the size and shape ideal.  His skin coloring was striped with a base of pure white, not white skin, but like white paper and bright red stripes like a tiger.  They were bold but faded at the edges.  Stepping up on to the stage the room got quite.  He strode to the middle of the stage and after looking around a little started to speak.
“Greeting I am the speaker for Cartel Orson of the Trade Federation.  Today we will cover some of the basic trade items and plans we have for this planet.  The Trade Federation is a peaceful group and trades for mutual benefit.  We trade will all the societies of greater humanity.  We have a list of items we are interested in trading in and will be looking to purchase small amounts to test the markets.  We also are looking to trade some of the items of greater humanity with you as well.  Based on the governing charters of both the Trade Federation and the agreements of Greater Humanity many of the items will be limited either for cultural or religious reasons or due to technology limitations.  Anybody or group violating these rules will be barred from the Federation and will not be allowed access through our rift gates.   We are currently interested in three main areas, the first is natural foods from this planet, and since we all share a similar genetic background we can eat each other’s food fairly easily in most cases.  We are currently interested in the food types of meats, cows, chicken and lamb.  For fruits and vegetables we will be test most of the major types including pineapples, soy, corn, wheat, cherries and peppers.  Another area of interest is in natural materials, most planets share a similar make up, so we are focusing on what is less common among the stars; we are interested in petroleum, natural gas and coal.  The third area is labor; we have many colony worlds with low populations that need a lot of general work and terra forming.  We will hire based on contracts that will include in most cases living arrangements.  All contracts will be done in accordance with the 'conventions of workers.' After the successful completion of the contract the workers and their families, where allowed can apply for level two status.  This will allow them to live among us and have greater protection and access.  Over the next few hours and days we will be meeting with various groups and companies to see what we can offer each other.  Due to the ongoing conflict between the Lightgivers and the Golden Ones we will increase the limit of military grade weapons to this planet for a short time.  We trade only with those that are currently at war with the Golden Ones in a defensive arrangement only.  We will not support any group that desires expansion without reason.   At the back of the room are three of Cartel Orson staff they will be providing you will additional information, also they will be giving out the meeting arrangements and topics.  The meetings will begin tomorrow as per the schedule.  I thank you on behalf of the great Cartels of the Trade Federation for agreeing to work with us and we look forward to success for all.  Prosperity for all.”

The worldwide financial disaster was currently on hold.  Everybody was scared but not sure what to do.  Within hours or days of the first attacks the governments of the world put very tight restrictions on the movement and access to money and stocks.  All stock markets have been closed since Dec 26th.  The majority of the money is still held there with little to no access.  Only those whose broker or bank was willing to act could get the money.  In addition fearing a major cash run, limits was placed on how much could be taken at any given time.  In addition to the closing of the stock markets the financial and commodities exchanges were closed as well.  Within hours a new and wild world of off market trading was happening.  Some desperate, some smart, others greedy or just wanting to do something made it happen.  In addition everyday life for most of the world was still normal.  As the pain and horror of the attacks in North America faded, people started to look towards their own future.  The occupation of South Africa was another interesting and shocking event. Much of the world’s metals and resources come from there.  The limited destruction of the infrastructure and the promise of continuing trade agreements with the Orion's in conjunction with the global trade deadlock meant most just had to live with what was happening.  The last major global economic factor was the Trade Federation and there rift gate in Australia.  The opening day of the conference was complete and while very little specific information was made available there was hope that new and amazing trade routes could be opened soon.  These would reshape the world economy, integrate it into the Galactic Economy and help to offset the current crisis.  Little talked about but always beneath the surface was the guilty satisfaction that the two countries largely affected by the invaders were the United States and South Africa.  By reducing the influence of these two, other regional and international players could emerge.  

Leaving the presentation Bobby and Yoko were surprised to find that their small company was scheduled to have a meeting with the Visitors.   Scheduled for a few days from now they were given a card with some basic details.
 
Greeting Mr. McColin and Mrs. Matsuri
Dynamic Ideas and Stuff PTY LTD
Byron Bay, Australia 

January 5, 2037
10:00 am 
Conference Room 3a
Noosa Conference Centre

 Please present why you would be an ideal candidate company for trade with others.
Please present what your interests are. 
Please present what you financial goals are.
Please let us know if you can travel.

Cartel Orson, Trade Federation 
Prime 

After leaving the conference room they read the card again.  “Well Yoko, you are the smart one, what are we going to do?”
“Well dear, that is easy, wow them of course.”
“Sound great dear, how do you plan to do that?" replied Bobby looking at Yoko again while trying to find a quiet place to sit.  
“Not I, but you dear, the plan is quiet simple, you are a ex-military officer and direct, that is what I like about you.  Remember your proposal to me, not the most romantic but left little to the imagination”  
Rolling in eyes and remembering what must be one of the worst proposals, he waited.  Yoko had remained him of it a few times, but each time she was either very upset, or had a great idea.  Today he was hoping for a great idea.  Quickly grabbing his wife’s hand he found a spot to sit.  
“Let see if I can remember correctly, ‘I love you Yoko and want you to be my wife for the rest of my life, I want to have lots of wild and passionate sex with you.  I think you are the smartest and most perfect person there is. I know that I am not perfect and have made mistakes that I regret, but my dreams and heart is with you.  Will you agree to be my wife?’  I think that was pretty close to what you said; of course down on one knee on the beach was a nice touch.  It would have been better if I was wearing more than a bikini since I was freezing cold and you took the towel away.  But I happily agreed.  When the aliens spoke it was not a smooth or fancy speak.  These people are traders; they are different from the Golden Empire and the Lightgivers, and the other groups.  Think of the difference between Japan and Australia, the business etiquette is very different, we are indirect and slow; Aussies are more casual and looking for a quick agreement.  The other major companies and groups are going to look to impress the Cartels with how great they are what resources they can get and make everything seem great.  We will not.  I will study their culture files again on the role of woman and men but I think you will do most of the talking.”
“Ok, I might agree, let’s say I agree, what do we have to offer them.  They want resources, we do not have them, they want food, I enjoy eating it, but do not have access to much and our company is too small for labor.”
“How many companies were represented, while only a few were in the room, it was broadcast to thousands, each of them is trying to get a foothold.   Most failed or will come later.  I do not know why we were chosen but we were for a reason.  Also I do not think any of our friends would have anything to do with this.  They got us here but the rumor is the choices are all alien.”
“Ok Yoyo, I will buy that for now, what is the plan we only got less than 2 days.”
“Easy Bobby, we ask them”
“Ask them, you want to walk into the room, sit down, I assume and then ask them why they want to meet with us, that is your grand plan?”
“Yes dear, it is.  We will be direct, almost rude if an earth human, but we frame it around both of us.  For example I am sure most companies have told you great stories and stuff, we both have little time, my planet is changing and you and your team have a lot to do.  So let keep it simple.  Tell us why we were picked and what if any plans you have.  If they say little or nothing, thank them and leave.  We have a great company now and do not need to destroy it just to impress some aliens.”
“Perfect, I knew you had it all figured out, now let’s go eat I am hungry and all this talk of food is not helping,” replied Bobby, starting to get up and think where that pizza place was he saw earlier in the day, if he remembers correctly they even had a special.  

Northeast USA
Spared from the destruction of New York City and Boston, Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut quickly emerged at the center of a rapidly growing grass roots resistance after the initial invasions front lines quickly bypassed the area.  Yale and it rivals Ivy League schools, currently on winter break started to organize and begin minor protests.  In a matter of hours these spread into outright resistance.  The Northeast, for decades seen as a play area of the rich and upper class was starting to return to its revolutionary roots.  It was in the now destroyed Boston Harbor where the famous Tea Party protest occurred; it was in the now destroyed city center where the Boston Massacre occurred along with Paul Reveres famous ride.  Calling themselves the New Minutemen, after the famous Minutemen fighters of the past the protesters started to arm and form into small guerrilla groups.  Doctoral students in biochemistry were now standing shoulder to shoulder with war veterans.  The first few days’ very little resistance was met and the hopes of the group started to grow.  They successful ambushed a few of the forward Occupation forces.   It was not to last.  Once the resistance movement was detected and resources set aside Occupation command hit back, hit back very hard.  Harvard, now mostly destroyed during the attack on Boston, Yale and the other Ivy League schools for a long time were statements of American education and achievement.  Occupation forces entered the ruins of Harvard and completed the job.   Widener library, the art museums, graduate school of design, the science center, the law school and all other buildings were cleared floor by floor, room by room.  Once this was done, explosives were planted in every building on the official campus map as well as 200 surrounding properties.  At noon on the following day, broadcast around the world, Harvard was destroyed.  Once the smoke cleared very little was left above 6 feet high.  Then large earth moving equipment was brought in and the ruble was pushed into the Charles River damming it up.  The deliberate attack on Harvard was a statement of power, the attack on Yale was a statement of will.   Commencing shortly after the destruction of Harvard the area between Ella T Grasso Blvd and the Quinnipiac River, the heart of New Haven was sealed off.  Similar to Harvard the occupation forces went building by building, but this time, the just destroyed them as they went, occupied or not.  Explosives combined with large earth moving equipment cleared the entire area.  Yale and the surrounding buildings were completely wiped out.  All of the ruble was pushed into the ocean, but that was not enough.  The attack on Yale was to be a message, a statement of raw power and will.  Over the next few days the city was excavated, a temporary sea wall was built, once the surrounding ground was low enough, the sea wall as removed and the areas once known as Yale and New Haven was flooded with 15 feet of water.  The message was clear and brutal; resistance would not be tolerated in any shape or form.  The message was understood by the resistance but heart was damaged but not broken, the price paid was very high but the dream lived on.  

Australia
The next two days went fast, the shocking events of the last few days around the world created mass confusion and cancelations.  Yoko and Bobby went for a quick stroll on the beach and then slept for 8 hours.  The next day they reviewed as much information as they could about the different planets and had meeting with some of Bobby’s government and military friends as well as some of Yoko’s colleagues including a few from Japan.  All pretty much agreed that Yoko’s plan was crazy but might work.  Most gave them odds of 1 in 3 for success.  The hardest part of the preparation was picking what to wear.  Ironically it was Bobby who struggled most.  He wanted to look manly and well traveled.  After all he was meeting somebody who has traveled to a wide range of planets.   One of the most interesting facts Bobby learned was about how all the traders of Cartel Orson had to travel to all the planets of the Cartel as well as all the planets they traded with.  In addition they were expected to travel to other major worlds and places were trade might occur.  They travel a lot.  Also Bobby was a little vain, not an obsession but after leaving the military he kept in great shape.  He knew that most of the delegates at the conference were neither as fit nor a very good example if truth be told of what a fit human looks like.  He wanted to give a good and positive impression for himself and the blokes of Australia that he decided he was representing.  In the end he dressed as he normally did jeans, t-shirt and steel cap boots.  Yoko were a similar outfit but looked much better.  They arrived early around 9:00am the security was amazing.  Over the past few days thousands of people showed up.  Some were invited, other out of interested and some to protest.  Security took 30 minutes to get past.  They grabbed a quick cup of green tea each and waited, quietly discussing the missed chance as Bobby saw it to have quick surf in that morning after all a swell was just starting and the weather looked perfect.  Plus he was hoping that Yoko would also want to get out and might even wear a bikini again.   

At 10:00 am on the dot, the door opened and a well dressed attendant, who previously confirmed there identify motioned them forward.  “Good morning Mr. McColin and Mrs Matsuri, the delegate is ready to meet with you.”
Following his lead they entered the room, it was a typical conference room the world over, a table with 3 chairs was prepared.  Media equipment was set up and ready for use.  Sitting as directed they waited.  Less than 15 seconds later Delegate Bbeb walked in and sat down.  With a shock they both realized he was the Speaker from the other day.  They were meeting with a big shot.  Yoko, assuming they would always meet with an assistant was starting to lose her confidence.  Quickly grabbing his wife’s had and throwing caution to the wind, including most of the plan he started to talk.  “You are the speaker from the presentation the other day correct?”
“Yes, that is correct, I am Delegate Bbeb, I am in charge of the opening negations for your planet on behalf of Cartel Orson and the Trade Federation.”
“We got the card, thank you, now why did you pick us?” Feeling his wife’s hand tighten they waited.
“Ah the rumors are true; I was told you might try a direct approach, if you do not mind can you tell me the odds you were given for success.”
“Some were 1 in 10, other worse, but most gave us 1 in 3”
“I see most interesting,” replied Bbeb, smiling he continued "there is not a perfect way; we are trained for a very long time to negotiate both to create unity and to create confusion.  Prior to the rift gate opening we studied your planet closely, once we decided to open a gate in this part of the world we started to look at a wide range of companies and groups.  Many of them were obvious, some were small like you and other the mega corporations.  We represent a very large and diverse group of clients.  We have worked with them to find what they are looking for.  You two are on a short list of candidates for one of our contacts.  As you can imagine we have a large and diverse nature of clients, some prefer to work with only the biggest or most prestigious companies while others prefer local or smaller companies.  Our main interest in you is your unique background.  You, Mr. McColin have an impress military record; you inventions are well known and while not the most successful show a flair for creativity.  You, Mrs. Matsuri are well respected and learned in your fields.  While you are not among the most recognized on the planet your practical side is evident in much of what you do.  In addition your company has a small staff and works well together.  Our client is looking for a small team or groups to work together to create and develop new things, for a lack of a clear direction that can work on your planet but at the same time work with your technology and industrial base.  Our client would like to offer you, based on your acceptance of course, a trip to planet Horn 3 in the Horn system.  I will provide you some information on Horn 3 and our client for you to review.  I will recommend to them that you are accepted based on your current interview.  The main purpose of the interview was to see how well you can adapt and how direct you can be.  Both are evident to me.  I would like you to read the material and review it prior to anymore questions, it is fairly complete.  I will have my assistant Wweb, who you meet earlier today contact you.  I hope this is satisfactory to both of you.”
Not sure what was going on, they both quickly agreed it was fine with them and after less than 10 minutes Bobby and Yoko, still holding hands left the meeting.

Not sure what to do next, the couple decided to head back to the car and grab their swimsuits.  The morning still looked good and Bobby still wanted to surf. After changing they drove up to Hasting Street and parked.  They picked up a couple of things to eat, Yoko some takeaway sushi and Bobby a big ice cream.  With food and surf board in hand they went to the main beach.  The day was hot and clear.  The beach was not very crowed due to the conference.  After finishing the ice cream and setting up the tent, Bobby went to surf.  Yoko, now in her element was happy.  She started to pour over the information and make notes.  An hour later when Bobby was back she was able to give him a quick rundown.  “The Horn system is part of the Trade Federation.   Horn 3 is an earth like world; gravity is .9g, so you will finally lose a little weight and it is cold.  Average equatorial temperature is 10 degrees C.  The poles are much colder.  The planet is very hilly with a few large plains where most of the 100 million live.  It is considered a backwater by many.  The oceans are few and little water is around.  Large areas of the planet are covered in salt and other chemicals.  A long time ago the planet had large oceans but have since receded leaving salt and other chemicals behind.  There are a couple of rift gates on the planet.  Most connect to the Trade Federation, but surprisingly a few connect to independent planets.  The planets for the most part were settled by traders or ex traders, a practice common a few hundred year ago.  Most had little in the way of resources or populations.  For the Trade Federation they were seen as a long term investment.  Two major cartels operate on the planet, Cartel Forson and Cartel Jorson.  Forson was one of the largest and most important cartels.  They had interests in a very large number of worlds and systems.  Cartel Jorson on the other hand was an older and much smaller cartel.  Spread out among a half dozen worlds they went about their business.  They were well respected despite their size for they push the limits and work out inventions and new ideas.  Most of the wealth of Jorson was based on these long term royalties.   Ppob Jorson, the second son of cartel leader Jorson ran the operation on Horn 3.  His plan was to collect a group of humans and have them interact with a variety of the species of greater humanity and see what happens.  He had some ideas and test in mind but preferred the random and organic nature of conflicting views and ideas to work their magic.” Looking up Yoko asked “what do you think so far?”
After leaving the beach the conversation continued for many hours with both of them pouring over the information.  Yoko was studying the employment deal and terms while Bobby was looking at everyday life.”Yoyo, if you want to have a baby then you can go to the birthing clinic where they will perform some tests and then let you pick what you want.  Also you can have it in a natural womb based on your DNA or an artificial one based what the future station of the child will be.  Also depending on your station and wealth you can make minor improvements to the baby to increase their chance of success.  This might be beauty, muscles, speed, reasoning, eating, skin strength, resistance to disease, resistance to cold or warm weather, wow this is a really strange list, you might want to take a look later and see what fashion genetic engineering can take. “
“Well, in Horn most of the buildings are self powered using some stuff I really do not understand, it looks like they tapped the power of the core, it is an active planet still and created a worldwide field of energy that does not affect humans.  Very few things seem to require a hard line electrical connection.  They just charge you on what you use.  Not sure about the money still, for they seem to have various units of stuff, I think it also might be on purpose to tweak the exchange rate,” said Yoko looking at Bobby across the lounge room in the hotel room.
“Ok, Ok it sounds interesting but do you want to go, we can do research all night and more but how do we know if it is true and how can we judge until we really know.  Both us of know that we will be working on something related to this for a long time, if nothing else it will help the business and it is interesting.” 
“Well, all in all, I think we go for it, we are offered something very unique but also the Trade Federation seems pretty good, if we get in over our heads it will be very hard, but hopefully the arrangements will work out. What about you?”
“Lots of good, a whole lot of bad, mainly because I do not know much about it yet but it sounds fun, I think we should be with red stripe guy and tell him we are good tomorrow or whenever we get a chance."

Philadelphia 
The retreating forces from Allentown had been digging in for a few days.  The once vibrant city was looking more like a ghost town.  For the last few days mass evacuations had been going on.  The hospitals, nursing home and others were a special focus.  The forces were spread out around Interstate 276 and focusing on the merge of Interstate 476, which was now the main path of the advancing Aruk army.  Heavily mined and barricaded the interstate was a strong barrier due to the fact it slowed the advance down.  Small Special Forces and infantry teams harassed the Golden Ones at every move.  Highly skilled two man sniper teams were picking off riders and officers.  Soon the slow trot of the Aruk became a furious charge, lined up in front of the Aruk were a large number of special road clearing objects, looking like large concrete cylinders were able to be pushed and roll over the mines and crush the barriers, soon gaining speed they are able to advance, the price was high but considered a good trade off.  Not willing to engage in a house to house fight or risk destruction of the army the battle plan was little more than a delayed retreat to positions further south.  Counting on both the size of the United States and the self proclaimed boundaries of Draco the high command want to hurt the enemy but not risk defeat.  It was a lesson taken from the Russians and their fight against Napoleon.  
Using the Schuyikill River near West Conshohocken as a natural barrier Colonel Pushkin and his AW1s were protecting the withdraw of the both the military and remaining civilian population that was still trickling through.  
"Sir, engineers report that the bridge is under attack, they are requesting that we allow them to drop it."
"Make it happen and make sure the engineers get to safety, these boys have done a lot of work and deserve to get back,' replied Colonel Pushkin.
Less than a minute later a huge boom was followed by a cracking sound, the multi-lane interstate bridge was broken in two places and the center span was deformed and lying in pieces in the river.  Soon another series of explosions broke the rest of center span into smaller pieces in order to make sure it could not be use by the Golden Empire to cross.  The set back was minor the large Aruk army was crossing at other points and would soon be in contact again, until that time, shooting from dug in positions Pushkin and his team were able to snipe at the Aruk for across the river and scored a few hits.  About fifteen minutes later they were ordered to withdraw, for them and many others the battle of Philadelphia was over.  The Golden Empire's advance was much faster and more powerful than expected.  The plans were quickly thrown out; the success at Allentown would not be duplicated.  It was a disaster. 




***~~~***


Chapter 17 
Presidential Matters 

“Ladies and Gentlemen, I am calling the House to order.  While our country faces a grave crisis, we still have a responsibility to govern and govern correctly and within the law.  There are many grave problems that we need to address, our failing economy, the refugees, the enormous loss of American life, alien invasions and much more.  We face a critical test in humanity and our nation.  For 250 years we have lead humanity, brought freedom to the world and helped create a golden age for all of us.  During that time we also created a new standard for life, liberty and law.  No longer is any one person above the law.  250 years ago absolute monarchs reigned supreme, over the centuries strong dictators have risen and fallen and we remain strong and free.  Today at our darkest hour we are faced with moving backwards.  Today we have a grave and important duty before us.  Only a few times in the long history of our nation have we been called on to question the rule of a President.  This power is one of the most important and unique powers, the power to impeach.  Today in this house, not in Washington, but on the west coast, in a city that inspires dreams we are tested on the American Dream.  The house measure before us today is an Impeachment review for President Dominic Jaster in regards to the following charges.

1.  Murder of American Citizens
2.  Murder of Canadian Citizens 
3.  Breach of Nuclear Treaties 

I will soon open the floor up for debate; we will start with the bills main sponsors Ms. Jane Daniels and Mr. Mark Sanchez followed by open debate.  I would like to ask that this grave matter be quickly reviewed due to the emergency nature of our meeting.  We need to clarify the leadership crisis.  If nothing has been done wrong then we need to state this and fully support the President.   I know for many this does not seem like the time or place to raise such important matters, but history teaches us different, in times of great crisis and change decision that are made for the short term good often turn out to be very bad, Ms Daniels please begin," said the Speaker of the House.
Ms. Jane Daniels representative of district 14 in California slowly walked to the lecture in the center of the room.  The second term congresswoman was a strong backer of Gov. Smith.  In 2032 she tried to jump from the California State senate to Congress.   The drama of 2032 presidential election and rise of the Center Party resulted in a bitter loss.  A loss she would learn from and exploit as she won election in the mid-term defeating her Center Party rival.  At 40 years of age, well dressed, rich and well thought of, she was seeking a defining moment in her career, an act that would propel her to higher and higher offices and opportunities.  Today was her day to shine.
“My fellow Americans it is with great sadness that we are here today, not only for the tragic and brutal events that have lead to the death of so many innocent Americans but also for the actions of our current leaders and their actions that lead to the deaths of countless people and loss of property in the United States and Canada.  The only reason they died was the American military, the most powerful and expensive ever was not ready.  It is my view and the view of others that the actions while taken under great stress and little information were neither correct nor legal.  No person is above the law.  In consultation with my colleagues . . . 

The whole process was well scripted and for the most part ran like a Hollywood story produced just north in the great movie houses.  Congressperson after person spoke in great passion, most were in favor of impeachment, and other not all.  After 3 hours of debate, a halt was called, a quick tally of likely voters was taken and the debate brought to a close; soon after the motion was brought to the floor for a vote, the vote passed with 246 in favor, 77 opposed and 56 absent, dead or not available.  The impeachment would now move to the Senate where Dominick Jaster would be tried.  The Senate under the President protempo was ready to start on the following day.  The only hold up was getting the chief justice to agree.  By law the chief justice of the Supreme Court was required to oversee the impeachment of a sitting President.

Great Britain 
Col. Scarbourgh was worried. The reports from the Americans were bad; the AW1 walkers were faring poorly against the Aruk armies. The main battle tanks and other units were also doing just as bad if not worse. 5 days after the invasion Britain was still undecided on what to do. The speed of the Golden Army advance was impressive, the performance of the Americans, not so much. The addition of the Lightgivers on the American side was having an interesting affect worldwide. Also the use of nuclear weapons both inside and outside the United States was a major issue. The current government was facing a major crisis as they struggle over what to do. The British Empire maybe dead but the Commonwealth still lives and both Australia and Canada are part of it among others. The old political sides are breaking down and a new free for all was happening; many of the MPs are calling for actions against the Americans while others are calling for the Army and Royal Navy to fight. Still others are calling for a fight against the Trade Federation for opening a rift gate in Australia without prior approval. While the government was in disarray the military leaderships was as well.  Finally able to talk again with the high command, Winford was trying to figure out what to do.
"Sir, it will take a few days for the unit to move, we need to know what the plan is now, if we are to support the Americans, Canadians or neither," said Scarbourgh over the phone.
"Colonel, look you know the government moves slow, we all know that, but nobody is sure what to do now. Also they want to wait and see if anything new happens. The rumors out of Russia and the conquest of South Africa are bad. If and when your forces are deployed then we need to support them. The American AW1 is holding its own but the power of the Lightgivers walker is far better. In addition the economy is still shaken, many feel a worldwide depression will hit, if so, we will not be able to support new and major increases in the budget, in reality we will need to cut, and cut hard. I know your frustration, I want to do something to the golden bastards and then stomp on the Orion's and even the Lightgivers, but we need to look to winning the war, not just a battle. If we get your unit killed, it will be very hard to train and expand the walkers. The fact that the Lightgivers use them is a great for us, but we will need major upgrades if we fight against any of the new guys," replied General Thomas Townsned, commander of the Royal Army ground forces. 
"Sir, I understand, it is just time, we either need to stand down and start purchasing from the Trade Federation or need to deploy. We can do little for South Africa and the United States, but the rumors out of Russia and China as well are getting worse and worse."
"I know, but we cannot act on our own, if NATO can still act together somehow after the near collapse a few years back then we can support the Europeans if needed, beyond that I am not sure what we can do, this is far beyond us, also we need to think long term. I have got to go, but your unit is now one of the most important, we will talk again soon."
Finishing the call Scarbough was not sure if he should be mad, surprised, happy or anxious.  Soon he knew he and his new unit would be called on to fight.  He hoped it would be a good honorable fight, but also not suicide, if his leaders sent him directly against the Orion's then he was as good as dead, same with the Lightgivers.  Another part of him was happy, seeing a major power like the Lightgivers produce an amazing combat walker proved that the concept would work and validated many of the main arguments of the combat walker supporters.  In addition the Trade Federation was rumored to have some readymade adaptations for the walkers that would greatly increase their effectiveness.  His main concern was the price would be too high or the government would balk at doing the deal.  Mostly he was anxious for the calm and hectic world he was used to was gone for good, the old ideas and measures of success and power now meant nothing.  A brave and new world was forced upon him and he was feeling too old to adapt unlike many of the younger people he was talking with.   

Central USA
Flying at 40 feet above the ground, Major Josh Bennet was hunting; his 2 pairs of F-35f air craft were now flying out of Kirtland Air Force base in Albuquerque.  Since the major defeats on the east coast, most of the Air Force was pushed to the west.  The early nuclear strikes combined with the vast area of territory allowed them to survive the deadly anti-aircraft defenses of the Golden Empire.  Now flying in broad daylight over southern Iowa they were tracking a small group of Aruk that was operating in the area.  Over the last few days they were able to coordinate with Special Forces team on the ground and perform successful strikes.    The current force was about 50 Aruk strong, an ideal size, once the force climbed above 100 then increased air defense was common.  
“Delta 2, move to attack position beta and prepare to engage once you have link up with Dog 2,” ordered Josh.
“Delta 2 copies.”
“Jimbo, let's go dance, accelerate to attack speed, this time move 100 yards to my right, I want to get these bastards when they start to spread out.”
“Roger.”
The precision of the attack would impress almost any air show judge, but it was needed.  The two pair of aircraft attacked 90 degrees to each other.  They passed over the Aruk formation within 1 second of each other and dropped their cluster bombs.  They travelled at just under the speed of sound.  30 Aruk died in the attack, the raiding force was broken and would now be forced to return back to the main body.  The high speed pass worked again, the Air Force was still fighting and still losing but it was starting to even up the balance sheets.  By pushing the jets and the pilots to their limits they could just barely make the attacks work, but just barely was good enough for now.  

 Lightgivers
Gift Commander Yss was happy; the plan developed by Gift General Tsarin was working.  By limiting their support to the Americans they allowed the colony of Draco to be established.  With the major fortifications now being built by both the Golden Ones and the Americans the fighting was starting to settle down.  Small scale fighting was still taking place in the central part of the country and would continue for a while longer.  In centuries past the battle plans of the Lightgivers called for short and quick wars with limited goals based around actions that would limit the battlefield and the chance of defeat; this was common among all the great empires.  The new plan developed by Tsarin was different.  The empire would work to expand not only the war but the sphere of the conflict.  By allowing Draco Colony to survive, they would force the Golden Empire to spend a lot of time, effort, resources and money to maintain and expand it.  Also they would need to occupy it.  Currently the occupation was looking to be a long bloody and drawn out affair.  In addition by allowing the fighting on a small scale to happen in the vast interior of the continent each side was still able to fight.  The open nature of the land forced each to fight small and quick battles.  Also by building the fortifications the Lightgivers forced the Golden Ones to respect the chance of a counterattack so they had to keep a large amount of the Aruk army in the east were it sat idle. The harsh actions of the Golden Empire were expected to create and ensure a near constant state of resistance if not outright rebellion.  In addition the foolish actions of the First Captain Lord Welk including the destruction of New York, Boston, Toronto and Detroit could be used for a very long time.  The rallying cries of remember Dec. 26th was seen everywhere and would be heard and felt for a very long time to come.  Commander Yss was currently reviewing the rapid progress of the Lightgivers and American fortifications with his staff. “Builder, what is the progress of the ring forts, can they survive a direct assault?” 
“Yes Commander, they can, they will take a beating but unless the Golden Ones send almost everything they got, they will not get through.  Also the Americans defenses are impressive for a native population.”
“Good, then begin phase 3 of the plans and slowly start to slow the speed down.  We need to ensure that the army is protected, but that we do not over commit.”
“Of course Gift Commander, we have started that in few areas that were ahead of schedule.  In addition we are now working more with the Americans to develop a large trench system, something they liked from the battle of Allentown.”
“Good Builder, very good, they have a history of trench warfare.  It is looked down on by almost everybody but the results from Allentown were good.  In addition this means they are still thinking of a long war.”
“I agree Commander, I have spoken to many other builders and they are seeing similar results in the east, in the west things are a little different.”
“Do you thing they will be able to contain them in the Great Plains, there is a lack of choke points, it reminds me of Vergon 6 and the training grounds. Gift Speaker Vers, what do you think, we have been here for a few days now, do you think the plan is working as well as the others.”
"Gift Commander, the primitives will be easy to use, I have spoken with many over the days, and their hatred of the Golden Ones will remain strong.  Also unlike many others, I can say that they will work to move away from us as well.  A few have guessed at a larger strategy at work in which they are pawns. This development should have been expected by more, after all they are normally the strong nation and use the other nations as buffer zones and pawns just like we are doing to them.  If we look closer at their culture and history they will do almost anything to stand strong and proud and able to support themselves.”
“Do you think it will be an issue?” asked the builder.
“Not really, the primitives want a lot from us, but at the end they still want to control everything.  In time they will be able to stand tall, but the opening attack by the Golden Ones will demand blood, a very high blood price.”
“Do you think they will counterattack soon?”
“My best guess Gift Commander is no, they are now looking down the road, the ongoing political issues and refugees will take most of their time and efforts.  Also they are playing with the weather; the cold in Draco will slow the Golden Empire down more. “
"Is there reason to believe that this will be the case?"
"It will be hard to tell, but the northern parts of Draco are very cold and will remain for a while longer.  There have been a few reports of the Golden Ones freezing to death.  The Aruk can easily handle it but an Arctic snowstorm or blizzard will impair the Aruk and the logistics train."
"Are there any other concerns?" asked Yss
"Commander, if I may," asked the Gift Builder, "the primitive religion is very deep in this country, our first contacts trying to spread the word of the Blessed Ones have been clearly rejected.  Many are interested in the historical nature of where they came from, most are just trying to figure out if we are telling the truth.  I know the plans call for a rapid change in the general population to follow the Light, but I think we will run into much more resistance than expected."
"You need to be careful what you say builder, the Light is the universal truth, it must be accepted by the people of Earth or they are truly fallen as the High Protectors think.  If this is the case then our strategy will be in great danger.  We have the full support of the religious casts and groups for the war based on expanding to Earth."
"I know Commander, but we need to be careful, while the reaction here is tame compared to some of the other regions on Earth, if we push hard we might not like the results."
“Very well, I will pass on our thoughts, also we may need to adjust the time frame a little, if we can use the historical nature as a beginning point then we can spread the story more, this will make it easier for them to understand and start to embrace the light.  In addition he we are smart and move pretty slow then we can slowly bring larger and more ambitious people into the light by offering them better positions or benefits. Now I need to follow up on a few things, may the Light guide you all.”

USA
The briefing room was cold and dark.  As the lights finally came back up following the short review Pushkin, recently shaved and showered, could easily tell his unit while bruised and batter was still standing strong.  The "northern wall" as the fixed defenses was now being called was starting to take shape.  New and impressive Lightgiver fortifications were being mixed in with a variety of American and natural barriers.  The last few days, his unit was playing catch up, catch up on sleep, on eating, on staying warm and staying alive.  Most of his walkers were in a state of repair, a temporary stand-down was in effect.  As each unit was repaired another would take its place, most of the repairs were temporary at best, but the unit was needed to act as a blocking force.  As the briefing was going on around him, he kept playing the battle of Allentown and Philadelphia in his head.   At Allentown his units was able to prove the AW1 could fight, the fixed defenses were perfect cover to attack from, at Philadelphia the battle was quick and dirty.  His forces were not able to engage long enough for their small numbers to be felt.  Realizing the room was now quite, and many looking at him he quickly refocused.  
“General, sorry, I was not paying attention, what was the question.”
General Davies, the new commander of the Northern Front was looking a little irritated but it quickly passed. “Colonel what are your thoughts on the Lightgivers, can we work with them?”
“We should use them as much as they are using us, even more than they are using us.  It is clear they have a long term plan.  We should focus on getting the most out of them now, and learning to look after ourselves.  But we also need to be careful, each of the major groups fights different, the Golden Ones are perhaps the most primitive in that they use animals but each is dangerous.”
“What about us bearing the burden, they will demand it?” asked another officer.
“Oh, make no mistake, we will bleed for a long time, we just need to make sure they bleed with us.  There will not be an easy fix, but we should try to work out what technology we can get, or steal and then develop new units and tactics based on this.  Just look to South Africa and you will see the Orion's, could we fight and beat them?” replied Pushkin.
“Then you think we need to get rid of our tanks and adopt newer ideas?” asked an armor officer.
“No, we need to allow our thinking to evolve and match reality.  Our tanks and planes and everything else were designed to work on Earth against Earth armies. Look at history that we love to study and pick a battle any battle where a new enemy emerged, sometimes the old weapons worked and other times they failed.  We have certain skill sets that will need to be adopted and used in new ways.  I know it is already being done but we all need to get a better feel for the long history of each group as well as the Blessed Ones.   Also I would like to ask a question off topic if I may,” said Pushkin.
“Go ahead, what do you want to know,” replied Davies.
“What is being done about the artifacts in Roswell, both the Golden Ones and the Lightgivers say there is something there." 
“Funny, I was just talking with . . . 

South Africa
Perfection takes many forms, war and peace are just opposites, perfection in war, is worthless without perfection in peace.  The Orion's national goal was perfection, perfection described by the Blessed Ones and their ideals.  Combat Team Leader Cals was working on the peace part, as her forces were now pushing into the Namibia and the other border countries she was in an Aids and HIV clinic near Sprinbok just south of the Namibia border.  The clinic was built in the last few years, it was also a shelter, manly poor or single mothers and their children stayed there when they could not find anywhere else.  Part of the invasion force was a group of doctors, after treating many of the combat wounded on both sides they started to tackle some of the larger issues.
"Combat Team Leader, we have 5 volunteers that have completed the initial test, can we begin the first round of treatment," asked Medical Leader Gualak
"Yes, Medical Leader, you may begin."
Over the next few minutes, with the patients laying on a very futuristic bed the first round of treatment began.  All 5 of the patients volunteered, after all they had little to lose, and all of them were in the last stages of the disease and were expected to die soon.  Over the next hour a miracle happened, all five of them were starting to look, sound and feel better.  The first round was a success.  
"Combat Team leader, all five of the patients are now stable, the disease is still in them but is starting to regress, and they will require additional rounds of treatment over the next few days.  We need to monitor their diet and start some basic exercises to stimulate the body and then the next few rounds can start."
"Very good Medical Leader, what is the overall prognosis?"
"I believe that we can save most of them, some are more complicated and it will depend also on how the body responds.  We can freeze these cases or induce suspended animation to slow everything down."
"Do you require anything else at this time?"
"Security and some basic jobs for them; many are very superstitious and soon will need something to do.  Also we should improve the schools and other facilities here."
"Anything specific they need to do, do we need to create an exercise yard or anything special?  I believe the planet has a tradition of using a gym for this type of work."
"For the first part, nothing, but we will need to have something fairly soon, most of the patients can do very little physical activity.  When we can increase this we can better support the body's natural process better.  Now if they have other medical issues they will need to be addresses separate.  We can tackle AIDS and HIV because it is a specific disease and similar to the 'cold toes" syndrome a few centuries ago."
"Very well Medical Leader, you may begin your general work and request what you need, we have additional resources and personnel coming from the Republic soon, also Leader, good work."




***~~~***


Chapter 18
Two Presidents  

California
Before, during and after the House session, the president pro tempore, leader of the Senate when the Vice-President was absent was getting all of him members in order.  Similar to the House many of the Senate refused to attend the new session in Los Angles saying it was illegal.  Firmly in control of his fellow democrats he already had 61 votes.  The mid-term election of 2034 provided for the first time in a long time same party majorities to the Democrats and a super majority of 60 votes in the Senate.   The rise of the Center Party while playing an important role in the House only picked up 1 seat in the Senate.  The divided Republican party broken after the rise of the Center party and the failures of their leadership in the 2028-2032 term had the remaining 38 voting seats.  Early reports looked like up to 80 seats would be filled.  Most were more than willing to try the President for his crimes but they were withholding how they would vote.  Some of his major supports were also willing to vote and try to persuade the others to stand firm at this dangerous time. Many being veteran politicians they were eager to send a message to the President but not willing to make a major move until the situation was clearer. In addition the required turn over date was less than 2 weeks away.  All they had to do was simply take two weeks, include a recess or two and then the whole thing would be pointless.  Then the new President could then press or make any charges she wanted against President Jaster.  

The President was still in charge of the country, firmly in charge.  Still wavering on the 20th of January hand over he believed in the old saying of giving his enemies enough rope to hang themselves with.  He would allow Congress and the windbags to talk and prance around all they wanted.  By being silent and allowing them to act he would also learn where different peoples loyalty lay. While he did nothing wrong and did not need to be removed as president nor replaced early, he was more than willing to use it to his advantage.  He would also make sure that they could not do real damage.  Executive orders signed over the last few days and others from previous administrations gave the President extra power during an emergency.  All the major functions of the government were controlled by the executive branch they would continue to operate as he wished.  In addition the much needed Chief Justice of the Supreme Court was not going to California.  Not only was the long serving Justice Wilder opposed to the actions of Congress he was being carefully protected in Louisiana with the President.  Working in secret with many of his close allies he knew and supported the plans of Governor Smith and her team.  He planned to allow not only the Congress to impeach him and play act, he would allow Governor Smith and her team to meet with the Golden Ones.  Popular sentiment was still on his side, the people wanted blood and a leader who was willing to give up ¼ of the country, and look the other way on the death of 30 million would not be well looked upon.  In addition he would get a lot of valuable information.   Not sure how far the Governor would go he was putting into place plans for her arrest for treason and suspending of Congress for a while.  Trusting in General Charon and his commanders the President focused on both supporting the nation and keeping it going.  The loss of New York, Detroit and Boston was a body blow by any measure, the number of refugees was staggering alone and over whelming emergency services.  The advance of the Golden Empire was making things very bad overall.   The rift gate and support of the Lightgivers was starting to have an impact.  The front around Maryland was slowing down and it looked like major fortifications were being built on time.  The Lightgivers were supplying both weapons and medicine to the fight.  Highly advanced nanotechnology machines were being used to heal and repair major organ and tissue damage.  While few in numbers the Lightgivers Gift givers, had helped some very serious cases and are helping to reduce the burden on the overworked military staff.  In daily and sometimes hourly negotiations with the Secretary of State and Commerce new agreements were being put into place.  Large scale non military hover transports were being provided by the Lightgivers, once the refugees reached a safe location from the front they were picked up and quickly taken to a secure area.  New tent cities were springing up all over Texas.  Located on the major highways and transportation links of the state they were barely able to handle the influx.  Other states were also supporting the refugees as best they could.  Many were from the battle areas, but most of the recent arrivals were from the border states were the services had broken down and being winter they could no longer count on the needed infrastructure.  For the economy, emergency stop gap measures were in place.  The ‘National Banking Information Bill’ of 2025 was a major factor in creating stability.  The controversial bill required all banking information and transactions to be recorded off site and stored in such a manner that the government could review them.  In addition it put in place a system where each bank approved by the Federal Reserve Bank could access your records.  The benefit of this was important for the destruction of New York, while destroying the Wall Street and the Stock exchange did not destroy the bank, the person’s money or information.  Temporary measures were put into place where banks developed relationships that allowed a customer of the Bank of Detroit to withdraw and conduct normal banking activities with most of the major banks like Wells Fargo and Bank of America.    Drastic measures on the amount of atm and bank withdrawals were put into place on Dec 27 and still in place.  The electronic financial system was still up and running and while most people were scared it was all they had to use.  All the stock markets around the world remained close and major transactions and transfers were being monitored and or blocked.  Temporary and harsh employment rules were now being used by the commerce department under the Interstate Commerce act.  Any company that conducted business in the occupied states that fired or cut their work force in a non invaded state would need to provide a severance package of at least 6 months normal wages.  Fines for violation would be 100 times the normal wages per employee.  The new rules forced businesses to keep jobs and prevent a crash.  Another factor helping in situation was the war.  Americans were a patriotic group, the current generation considered by most to be the softest and weakest of them all was now flocking to sign up.  Many of the refugees were veterans; they were quickly added to the ever expanding ranks.  Holding off on an official draft, new orders were given to all reservists to be activated.  Soon the military was adding 50,000 new recruits a day.  Soon a new and very powerful military would emerge and with the gift wrapped crisis made by Governor Smith would now allow Jaster to become not only the undisputed political leader, but the real leader of the nation, a nation that would now act and do as he saw fit.  Soon they would also be getting help from Cartel Orson who was the main supporter and provider of new and improved technology.  Purchasing in exchange for petroleum and at emergency discount rates, the Cartel was able to supply most of the uniforms and advanced personal weapons needed.  Emergency training centers were being step up anywhere.   New veteran formations were created out of the volunteers.  Armed with new weapons and uniforms they were added to some of the defensive forces in the east helping to free up the regular and National Guard units.  

California
The senate opened at 9:00 am, Senator Jim Fallon, Senate Majority leader from Georgia was worried.  His contacts in the executive branch had confirmed that the Chief Justice was opposed to any impeachment as well as being prevented from leaving his current area due to national security reasons.  His colleagues believed that if summoned by Congress for an impeachment then he would be obligated to but Jim was not sure.  Jim was given very strict orders from President Elect Smith.  He was to ensure a legal change in power would occur.  He could bend and push any and all rules, but me must act now and get the job done.  If he did then he would be  acting with a super majority in congress and with ever changing powers during the crisis he would be given a free hand in junction with the Speaker of the House in changing and rewriting the rules and laws of the nation. He would be able to reshape and change to laws as he saw fit.  Now that many of the long held beliefs were broken a new America could rise out of the ashes.   The session went fast; quickly debated the Senate accepted the House’s articles for impeachment and prepared for the opening session on the following day.  Working all day and a large part of the night, a plan was developed for the opening actions, by midnight everything was set. Unfortunately for Senator Fallon and his friends, pressure can make a person bend one way, and too much pressure the other.  They would quickly learn the lesson the next day. 

Watching from the comfort of her living room in a five star beach resort, Governor Smith was livid. Yesterday Jim Fallon had promised again and again that everything was under control.  She had given specific instructions on what was to happen and the Senate could barely do its most basic job.   Many were pushing for a circus of speeches and counter speeches until the arrival of the Chief Justice and then delay the procedure until either the President gave in early or January 20th occurred and the swearing in took place.  Her plans and the plans of her Democratic allies required her to be cast as the savior of the republic. She was elected as the first women President of the United States and she must fight not only for her but for women everywhere.  She must be different from all the men, she must be seen as a force to be reckoned with, a force that can reshape the country.  If she took power during a time of great crisis and then quickly agreed to peace after the proper transition of power she would be seen as very weak.  Her first major act of office would be to surrender.  If on the other hand she achieved a cease fire and took charge of the situation then she would appear strong while Dominick Jaster would be looking weak.  Her and her allies had spent a lot of time and effort getting to this position, the alien invasion while very bad overall was opening new doors.  If the doors were opened correctly and with the proper image then wonderful things could occur.  The first thing politicians learn is to lie, the second is how to spin and the third is how to bend without breaking the rules.  The emergency powers in place would be expanded; the Federal Government would acquire and usurp the rights of the states in many social and spending areas.  New departments with much greater power would emerge.  Reducing the amount of elections and ruling in a long term state of emergency, her and her allies would be able to rule for a very long time.  The days of the republic and divided government would end.  Democracy in America would wither and be used only for show or as needed.   The new Democratic Party with President Smith at its head would lead a changing nation into Greater Humanity.  The future would be glorious.  All that needed to happen was the lap dogs in the Senate and House to grow a pair and get the job done.  Working with her staff, she developed a plan of action.  A separate bill would be proposed in both Houses of Congress calling for the moving up of the date for the swearing in and change over in power.  The bill would be sponsored by four senators and four representatives.  The bill would be simple and straight forward.  After adoption by Congress, the President Elect would be sworn in by a Federal Judge and assume full executive power within 24 hours.  Finally happy after she and Alex were able to get Congress on board she now was able to relax and get ready for soon events would be moving fast. 

With full media attention and crowds of protestors gathering, the surprise bill was introduced.  Scripted to perfection by Alex Macgregor the House and Senate quickly introduced, debated, closed the debate and voted.  The House was on similar lines to the impeachment,   220 in favor 77 opposed and 82 abstaining.  In the Senate, after a very brutal evening on the phone with the President Elect the night before, Jim Fallon was able to fully marshal the power of his party and the fear for the nation to get 61 votes in favor and 20 opposed.  The reaming were either abstaining or in some cased prevented from attending.  By 2:00 pm, it was done.  The stage was set for the greatest political crisis since the Civil War.  A new President would be sworn in while the other was still in office.   The swearing in was set for 7:00pm that night to be held on the beach of the resort shortly before sunset.  It would be broadcast live around the country and the world.  A local federal circuit court judge would preside.  

Standing in the resorts stage area and looking dignified in a power business suit Governor Smith was ready.  Federal Circuit Judge Antonio Ruth in is robes of office and with a bible in hand stepped forward.  During the economic downturn of the mid 2020’s, judges both conservative and liberal became more active and aggressive in the courts.  Cases that might be rejected and sent back to lower courts or cases that could be ruled on in a narrow sense were used to create broad new precedents.  The different circuits and levels of Federal courts created overlapping and varying precedents and rules. Long seen as a career killer, Judge positions were now to be given not based on past legal experience but based on party ideology.   The new age politician required very few traits; they must be good in front of camera, good at debate and muddying an issue.  They must look and act the part and most importantly they must be able to fundraise at all times: the positions did not require the smartest or brightest just hard working actors who did as they were told.  For the smartest and brightest a position as Judge was very desirable.  Many like Antonio Ruth had law degrees, but it was his hard work in the campaign of 2034 that resulted in his position as Judge.  The confirmation hearing left little doubt, three previous candidates were vetoed by the Senate and only some back room trading allowed Ruth and another judge, picked by the President to be confirmed.  It was politics at its worst.  When the call went out Judge Ruth was quick to seize the opportunity, if nothing else he would be famous.  If everything worked out he might be able to rise a long way up, not bad for a third son of a drunken chili farmer.  
“President Elect Smith, please place your hand on the bible and repeat after me. I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the office of the President of the United States”
With her right hand on the bible and staring into the camera she said “I Jessica Parker Smith do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the office of the President of the United States.”
“And will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States,” said Judge Ruth
“And will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.”  President Elect Smith was now President of the United States Jessica Walker Smith, the first female to hold the office.  




***~~~***


Chapter 19
Presidential Counterattack 

USA
While the circus was taking place in California, the President was working on his own plans.  The defeats against the Golden Ones were still fresh in his mind but true to his word the First Captain was holding around the Maryland border.  Out west road blocks had been set up on the major roads into North and South Dakota.  Within a few days the colony of Draco would be in reality.  While the military crisis was showing signs of stabilizing the humanitarian crisis was still in full force.  Refugees were still pouring in and the resources were stretched beyond the breaking point.  Thousands had already died trying to flee and got caught in blizzards or storms.  More and more troops were now being used to protect and take care of the refugees.  New tent cities were being built in California, Texas and throughout the south.  Walmart, Kmart, Target and other retailers had much of their winter clothes commandeered to provide emergency clothing to the needy.  The last few days, the President, General Charon and his staff and senior aides were working on plans for the longer term resettlement of the nation.  The success and longer viability of the nation would largely depend on how well the plan worked. The current military situation was very dire.  The country was not going to be conquered but large parts occupied for the foreseeable future.  In order to mount anything like a sustained counterattack which would be required against the new and very powerful enemy, new industries and plans would need to be created.  The military, once numbering only 400,000 troops before the invasion was now soaring past 2,000,000 and climbing. The unemployment rate was still stable, businesses were trying everything they could to stay in business, other companies were shut down for the next few weeks would reopen and see what was what.  The government was also opening it check book, the austerity of the past few years would help in the beginning but the debt would soon become among the largest ever.  Any company that was construction, defense, agricultural or technology based was starting to get emergency contracts.  In addition similar to the great depression the government was now looking to directly employ large workforces who would be moved around the nation in order to build new massive cities and infrastructure for the nation.  Newly developed modular towns were being planned and set up anywhere they looked reasonable.  New farming towns as well as manufacturing and mining towns were set up. New national planning and infrastructure changes were being proposed to remove a lot of the red tape from the local governments. History would later look back at this time and see the final collapse of the power of the local and state governments and more and more power to the federal level.   While the country had many major issues, it looked like it would survive. This was the reasoning behind President Jaster playing along with Congress and now President Smith.  He would allow her plans to go forward and then crush those who supported her and in one clean sweep get rid of most of his enemies.

Epsilon Eridani
The scout ship entered the Epsilon Eridani system three days before.  Captain Ferrus of the Trade Federation Expeditionary Fleet and commander of the ship KLL9087 was preparing for another landing, this time on the largest moon of the inner gas giant.  The system known as 2141 from the original Blessed Ones charts would soon be used as a colony and or prison system for Earth.  The moon was called Red Devil by the crew was similar to Mars in most ways.  It had a slight atmosphere and was cold.  It also had large amounts of frozen water and other potential minerals.  Ferrus and his team’s task were to prepare a site for the first rift gate.  Soon others would begin the long process of picking and choosing both the exploration and colonization teams.  Now that contact had been established with the humans, new information was being used to pick a site that would appeal to them.  Similar to the Republic of Orion, Earth would have a long term Greater Humanity presence.  Also like the Orion's, they would be offered colony worlds, Red Devil would be the first.  Formal naming would be done later by the humans.  The large and powerful ship easily landed on the cold planet.  Large dust clouds marked it arrival.  Over the next few hours he and his team explored a variety of site and locations.  While most of the team was from the Federation a few were from the Lightgivers.  They would be supporting the new colony and would provide a small border fort and basic equipment to start.  Once it began the Trade federation would control the gate and allow a near constant flow of traffic to pass thru.  New long term oil and food deals were now being worked on for compensation.  Two days later, having collected all the needed information the scout ship returned to the Trade Federation, their job was just beginning but the crucial information was passed on.  

Australia
Ambassador Luis Gracon, the Brazilian representative in Australia was nervous.  He was sitting with the other Ambassadors from Mexico, India and Nigeria.  They were in a small meeting room at the Noosaville Conference centre.  They each had received summons to appear a few days prior.  Very little was known about the purpose of the meeting but it might just be the most important any of them every attended.  Gracon had recently been on the phone with the President of Brazil and she was adamant that they needed to secure the goodwill of the aliens and make sure that they were not next to be carved up.  As the door opened he saw the well known form of Delegate Bbeb.  As he took a seat, all the people studied him carefully, while the evidence was clear, there were human aliens, most still found it hard to believe. 
“Greeting honored guests and thank you for agreeing to meet with such a low delegate as myself,” said Bbeb, sitting across the simple conference table. “I have invited each of you here in order to present a new and interesting proposal to you.  We of Greater Humanity may seem very harsh, and we can be at times, but the universe is not always an easy place.  But we try to be fair and help out others when we can.  Once we learned of the Golden Ones invasion plans of your planet, we knew that to stop it would be very hard, also only time will tell but there might be some long term benefits as well.  For the short term benefits is why I have asked each of you here.  Each of your countries is a leader in your region and has a large and growing population.  The future of the human race can no longer be contained on just one planet.  Each of the great species, which you are number six, has a zone of control. This is an area reserved for the exclusive use of each species.   The star system 2141, also known as Epsilon Erandi is being prepared for your colonization.  The main planet is a large moon similar to Mars.  The atmosphere is somewhat toxic to breath but the moon can be terra formed to make it easier to live.  While we would prefer for your planet to be unified we are willing to work with things as is.  We have invited each of you here to see if your countries would like to participate.  It will require time and effort from your countries, but nothing more than you can easily give.  We will use the rift gate in Australia.” 
Well schooled in diplomacy and a 20 year veteran, Gracon was able to stay calm.  On one side he was happy, this could be a great moment, but on the other he was very weary.  What if the aliens were trying to trick or hurt them? “Delegate Bbeb, I think I can speak for the others and thank you for your offer, it could help our people and the people of Earth greatly.  But we have many questions and concerns and would like to discuss these further before we commit,” said Gracon.
Delegate Bbeb was also a veteran diplomat and negotiator he was prepared to talk as long as he needed, but he was sure one of these if not all four would soon jump on board.  Each wanted to move forward and establish their own colonies and become a leader of humanity.  They would gain many benefits but they would come at a cost, the Trade Federation would honor each and every agreement to the letter but they and they alone would control the rift gate and all who passed thru it.  

USA
Jessica Walker Smith slept little on her inauguration night, she was up the following morning at 4:00am and with her staff boarded her plane, nicknamed Air Force Elect, and flew to Chicago.  The efforts of now Secretary of State La Pen had paid off.  Lord Welk Torre, First Captain of the Golden Ones had agreed to meet her in person to discuss a cease fire.  Now fully in control of the country as President she was able save the nation.  The meeting took place outside of the city, which was still being contested by the residents in daily and nightly guerrilla style attacks.   The event was quick and well scripted.  A few minutes of private conversation between the President and the First Captain was followed by the review of the basic terms of agreement.   Once both sides formally agreed a simple press conference was given by each leader.  Standing on a make shift stage with American flags at the corners, President Smith  began to deliver her keynote speech, the speech the Democratic Party would use to cast her and the party as the savior of the nation, justify the transition of power and promise hope to all.  
“My fellow Americans, I President Smith are speaking to you from outside of Chicago.  I know the last few days and weeks have been very hard, the hardest in the history of humanity.  We have faced new and unimaginable horrors, revelations and events.  We have learned that we are not alone but part of something greater, we are part of a glorious past, present and future with our fellow brothers and sisters of Greater Humanity.  Like all families we have had disagreements and conflicts.  Like your families, we have worked to solve and overcome our different backgrounds; this strength has made America the strongest nation on Earth and will now lead us to our new destiny.  I am proud to announce that I have personally met with Lord Welk Torre yi Valleen, First Captain of the Golden Empire and leader of the Colony of Draco and he is not a monster as many feel.  We have worked together and have agreed to a cease fire that will take effect at midnight tonight.  The death and horror are over!  We can now focus on rebuilding and saving our people.  I and others in the Democratic Party have been working on this for a while now, former President Jaster, while trying valiantly to save the country, committed great acts of destruction and chaos.  In order to save the country we moved the inauguration forward a few days.  Over the next couple of weeks and months we will begin to make some major changes, we will relocate the Capital of the United States to an area closer to the heart of the new nation.  We will work with our friends in Lightgivers Empire and the Trade Federation to create a brave new world.  Let us not forget the sacrifices than have been made, but also let us remember these were made so we can live, grow and prosper once again.  Good night my brave fellow Americans and god bless America.”

USA
Watching the broadcast from a secure area near New Orleans the President was impressed.  “Well the lady does know how to make great TV, I am sure it will play well with all the refugees and those who have lost so many, that she in a what do you think, $2000, or $3000 power suit? Also looking perfectly composed, freshly showered and well taken care of, clearly she understands their pain and suffering and that is why she in order to help them seized power early,” said Jaster
“I think she does not realize the extent of the damage or suffering, America is not connected as it once was, if this was a normal time then she would be the largest story on the planet, but many of the satellites are down and communication is spotty,” said Mikey, Chief of Staff and long time friend of the President.  
“Also she has yet to reach out to other world leaders and see if they even want to do business with her.  We have gotten messages from many countries saying they still support you for now and want you to deal with this internal problem,” said Candice Xin, the National Security Advisor.
“Has she updated her travel plans?”
“No Mr. President they remain the same, she will return directly to the air field and fly back to California.  She will then plan to meet with the leaders of Congress and get them to agree to her terms,” from Mitch, a senior aide to the President.
“Good then we will continue with the previous plan as we have discussed.  Director Renlod, I want the FBI to secure the rest of Congress after the Governor is taken as previously agreed to.  Hold them all until you can determine which are the traitors are and which are not.  Look more than at the voting record; I would assume the number is not so large.  In addition pick up the senior staff members of the Governor and whoever else you think is involved. “
Participating via a secure video screen the Director of the FBI replied, “Of course Sir, it will be our pleasure to serve and we will get to the bottom of this.”  
“Good, I want the Governor to be held in a secure location, you are still planning on using Guantanamo Bay?”
“Yes Mr. President we are, our boys have cleaned out a few areas and will be ready for the new arrivals.”
“Once the job is done then I will go on TV and radio and let the nation know what is happening, I will work with the Chief Justice and others to make sure it is as legal as it can be.  I know we are not happy with the turn of events but all they had to do was wait a few more days and they would have been in the right."

"So Alex, how what are you hearing about the speech, it has been around 1 hours now?" asked President Smith.
"So far Madam President, not much, the communication systems are down in many parts of the country plus many are still waiting to see what will happen with both the Golden Ones if they will honor it, or if they will still fight.  In addition they are not sure what old man Jaster will do."
"Yes we need to do something about old man Jaster.  I know we talked about it with the Congressional leadership but we might need to make sure he is arrested or just captured.  I think we can have him arrested and charged with crimes against humanity.  If we can drag the trial out for a while then it will work best."
"I agree, we also need to remove a large part of his allies and maybe ban the Center party out right."
"Sound like a good plan, if we can link them directly then we will crush them once and for all.  In addition we will need to make sure the Republican Party is put firmly in place. I am sure you will have a few ideas on that later.  For now let take off and head back to California and get the next few days of legislation worked out as well as focusing on getting the old man taken care of."
"Of course Madam President, we are just outside the air field now."

Quickly boarding the plane and getting airborne the team got to work. The first sign of trouble for President Smith was not until well after takeoff.  Leaving in the night, the pilots took off heading west and slowly under very strict orders started to turn and fly south towards Texas.  The senior staff on board was still hard at work; they would land in a few hours in California and begin the process of fulfilling the Presidents new agenda.  About one hour into the flight while preparing to land the President and her teams communication was abruptly cut off.  Not sure what was going on Alex, now acting Chief of Staff, recently cut off from a video call to some staff members in San Francisco went to find out.  Marching to the nearest uniformed person she could find she stated “We have a communication problem and need it fixed right now, now tell us what is wrong or you will be sorry.”
“Ma’am, please return to your seat we will be landing shortly and for your safety and the safety of others please buckle your seat belt as well,” replied the Air Force Officer, acting as a flight attendant.  
 “Do you know who I am; you will fix this problem right now, right NOW.  What is your name; we will have you taken down a notch for this young man. “
“Ma’am, I do know you are the acting Chief of Staff of the President Elect, but I will check for you about the communication issue, I believe  it is a new emergency procedure to protect this plane. “
“Fine, you have 5 minutes to get me an answer or I will find one for myself.”
Five minutes later she was back, “Ma’am, it was done for security purposes, we will be making a short landing in Texas, before proceeding with the rest of the flight.  It seems there might be some threats against your leader and this would be the safest course.  Once we are on the ground then you can resume your communications.”
“Very well, but this is beyond a joke, we will have answers for whoever did this and it better be real answers,” replied the Chief of Staff.

About 15 minutes later they landed at Laughlin Air Force Base in Del Rio, Texas. Primarily used as a training base it could easily handle Air Force Elect, pulling into a secure hangar at the edge of the air field the passengers disembarked while ground personnel directed the passengers to a VIP area.  Wanting to get up and walk around and get back in touch with colleagues, families and friends, the President, Chief of Staff, Secretary of State and more got off the plane.  A few minutes after entering the VIP area and once most people had a chance to go to the bathroom Director Renlod dressed in a black suit, black shirt and black tie with an overcoat along with his agents similarly dressed entered from a side set of doors. “Good Evening President Elect Jessica Walker Smith.”
Surprised at the entrance she quickly composed herself, she already had plans to remove him as Director; while it would be easiest just to brush him aside, in this public area she must at least make a show out of it.  If nothing else he might have some answers why her plane was diverted. “Director Renold, so good to see, you, also it is President Smith as you know, what can I do for you, I am rather busy this evening.”
Jumping into the conversation, Alex still upset from the plane wanted answers.  “Director, what is the nature of the threat that forced us to divert to here, no BS, it better be good.”
“It is quite good and very serious, there is a threat to the presidency” turning back toward the President Elect, “Jessica Walker Smith, you are under arrest.  You have the right to remain silent; you have the right for a lawyer.  Anything you say or do can be used against you in a court of law.”
“Oh really Renold and on what charge did they make up, after all I am not the monster?”
“Treason!”
Treason was the code word, 30 agents stormed into the room, most in full combat gear, others boarded the plane to retrieve the staff still aboard.  The President Elect, in a state of shock and rage, for she was now realizing how well she had been played quietly submitted.  Ms. Alex Macgregor, beautiful, smart, rich and powerful did not, used to getting anything she wanted, she finally meet her match.  Screaming and ranting she fought and struggled, even subdued she was a terror.    
Within an hour, additional operations captured over 300 members of congress, most went willingly.  Many were held in comfortable areas and easily cooperated.  Most sensing a dramatic change in power and always trying to stay on their feet were talking and pointing at each other.  It would take many days to get the real picture but the damage was done.  President Smith, Congress and the Democratic Party were down.  President Jaster was now the first true imperial president of the United States of America and he ruled uncontested and with fully authority.

Speaking in front of the standard Presidential background of flags and people, Dominick Jaster addressed the nation.  
“In any conflict there will be people who choose and have different views, the founding fathers had these as much as anybody else. While we may disagree at the end of the day we all still fight for the cause of freedom. As president I am not above the law, no person is. It deeply saddens me, but some people feel they are, and because they risk for personal gain, they must be stopped. We as a nation have sacrificed a lot not just now but over the centuries, we continue to be the voice and backbone of freedom, the strongest in human history, just because new enemies and ideas have emerged does not mean we just throw all of this away. Yesterday Governor Smith and some of her party meet with the First Captain of the invading golden army, the person who ordered the deaths of 30 million people. She in the name of peace promised that she would agree to a cease fire with the Golden Empire and work to integrate the United States into greater humanity. She is not president, and does not have the authority to do or act in this manner. Her actions are treason! As a result earlier this morning I ordered Governor Smith and her team arrested on charges of treason, conspiracy and abetting and aiding an enemy of the United States.  We are at war, and while many may agree with her actions or feel that it is I who have committed great crimes, we are still a nation of laws and order.  I am willing to stand by my actions and answer to any charges.  If she had just waited a few more days than it would be I who would be wrong. She is now in custody and will be held to account for her actions. As a result of her actions, I have ordered a state of emergency to be declared for a period of two years. During this time there will be no elections held and I will continue as president. After two years Congress can agree to extend for two more years or end the emergency. This is not something I wanted to do, and I fully expect the Supreme Court to hear the case, but only after the guilt of Governor Smith, vice-president elect Richards and others has been determined. I will not have a traitor lead this nation. I ask for your support in our greatest hour of need. Good night and god bless America."

China
48 hours after the orders were issued the People Liberation Army Navy was beginning to move.  The invasion plan of Taiwan was simple.  Move as fast as they could.  J-12 and J-14 aircraft were launched from bases near Xiamen.  Cruise missiles and short range ballistic missiles were targeted towards the main air forces bases around the island.  The Chinese Eastern Fleet sailed, 124 ships strong, including two aircraft carriers and nuclear submarines.  The fleet also had 22 purpose built invasion craft and 30 converted ships for troop and supply carriers.  After a brutal counter strike by the Taiwanese Air Force that resulted in the sinking of 18 ships, including 10 transports the invasion fleet arrived off shore and started to land.  The J-12 and J-14 land based air craft with the naval launched planes were able to maintain local air superiority.  In three hours time the first troops had landed and heavy fighting was starting to take place.  About an hour after the first landing and reeling from massive losses the Republic of China agreed to reunification with China.  The war was over, Taiwan was no longer free and China was unified for the first time since the since the last years of the old Chinese Empire.  The world did little.  The brutal and bold plan paid off.  The Americans were caught flat footed and by the time they started to react it was too late.   World leaders would condemn China and make demands but little more.  The dream of generations was completed, China was victorious.  Phase 2 would begin in soon and China would regain it empire and become the leader of the new world.   

Unity 3
Colonel Trotsky was standing and watching the soldiers training with the new DARS anti-air units, they were similar in many ways to the normal Russian models but the performance was not even close.  They could easily track and target almost anything; you could filter to show the birds, a helicopter, missile and even artillery shells in flight.  The performance of the opposing force in the training was better than anything any Earth military could field.  It would be a game changer.  Once they became more common than the air force would play less and less of a role, something both Tortsky and the Marshal was looking forward to.  The future would be one of war and by reducing the effectives of the air force then the money could be focused on the army.  In addition countries like the United States, which was still strong, would be forced to fight more and more on the ground where they did not want to.  The reports of the heavy fighting on Earth by the various Greater Humanity forces were interesting and disturbing.   The speed and precision of the Orion's in South Africa was very impressive.  The tempo of their operations was three to four times faster than an Earth Army.   Also their use of hover craft would greatly reduce the natural effectiveness of various terrain and weather conditions, part of the natural strategy of the Russians.  After all the Russian winter was famous, the Russian mud almost as famous.  The Lightgivers also had very impressive technology.  Their combat walkers were light years ahead of the American and British.  Discussions were already under way about Russia developing its own Walkers with the help of the Union.  Most in the high command were in favor of it, since it would free up a large amount of personnel. Another lesson the high command was starting to learn and focus on was the power of the individual, this was the opposite of centuries of strategy.  In studying the Golden Empire and the Lightgivers, each focused on the power of one, the Aruk riders and beast was very impressive. The American army which was very impressive was simply overwhelmed by both numbers and power yet, they in a few battles outnumbered the Golden Ones and had a well defended position, two things that should have achieved victory.   In addition training time would be less since only one person would be in each unit as opposed to the three or four in a tank.  Rumors were starting to go around on a new army unit that would be a full armored infantry but could run and fight as fast as a tank. This was something he wanted to see.  The development of the hover craft would also be well received.  The limited times he had seen it, it was very impressive.  The reports out of the rift gate in Siberia was staggering, they could hover over the worst snow and weather and still move a high speed.  Current thinking was the Golden Empire would be the biggest rival to the Russians in the future.  Once the conquest of Europe was complete, most of the other major powers would welcome it, while the Golden Empire, has refused for thousands of years to acknowledge the Union of Eternal Guidance, much less agree to any of its or its allies claims.  Still going over various ideas in his head, he was interrupted by a liaison officer.  
“Citizen Trotsky, Citizen Base Commander would like to have a word with you, can you please follow me?”
“Of Course, Citizen, please let me tell the Major I will be off.”
15 minutes later he was shown into the Base Commanders office.  
“Colonel Trotsky, Welcome again, I would like to introduce you to Citizen Advisor Miko, she has some news about plans for Earth and we would like to get your feedback.”
“Citizen Advisor, it is a great pleasure to meet you, how can I help you today?” replied Trotsky.
“All the great species of humanity have long term plans for Earth and its people, some are similar, others very different.  The nuclear attacks by the Americans on December 26th among other actions have altered some of those plans.  Our spies and contacts with the other species have uncovered some interesting ideas.  First the Trade Federation will send a ship to Epsilon Eridani to explore one of the large moons, similar to Mars for colonization; this may have already happened.  They will invite the nations of Brazil, Mexico, Nigeria and India.  It is expected that they will invite these nations to be the first colonizers.   Would you view this as a good thing or a bad thing?”
“Well citizen, I can only speak for myself, but it would depend on the longer term goals of each nation, the Federation and others as well as the time frame.  Even using the rift gate in Australia they will be able to move only so fast.  If you think of the issues we have, plan a similar operation but a bare planet on the other side, it will be a major undertaking even with better technology to develop anything of importance.  I have talked with other about this; it is of great interest to the Marshal and Russia in general.   If they create a colony of what size and value does it need to be to help the country, not just drain resources, money and time?"
“So you think it will be slow, but will it matter then?”
“It will matter Citizen Advisor, it just depends on how.  I would not be opposed personally to see those countries create a colony in the Epsilon Eridani System.  They are developing countries, they have an excess of population and high unemployment.  In addition while Mexico and Brazil are pretty similar each of the four will be different and will not work very well with the others.  This will mean a divided and weak planet for years to come.   What other plans are there?”
“The Golden Empire wants to set up a rift for the creation of an Islamic planet.  The rumor is they really do not like them and with the constant riots and protest, they want to send the extremist to their own planet and stay out of the way.”
“I would greatly agree, if we can reduce the Islamic populations and send many of the radicals there then Earth would be much better.  I think it will be hard if it looks like they are doing it on purpose, Islam is great at looking like a victim and then trying to kill everybody.  How about the Jews?”
“Since their numbers are less, it should be easy to find a place many light years from the Islamic system.  It is our understanding that these people are creating a lot of problems over time and would be much better off with a separate planet."
"I think many would like the idea, it could reduce a lot of issues, plus since there are not that many the population will not be very great for a long time."
"Do you think Russia wants or needs a colony?”
“I am sure the Marshal or others would like a colony somewhere.  If nothing else it would be a training area.’
“The Base Commander and I had similar thoughts, but we also must think both long term and short term. “  
“I agree, now not to be rude but I would like to ask a few questions on a different topic if I may?”
“Of course Colonel, we will tell you what we are allowed.”
“I understand that you can have a baby created and born outside of the body correct?”
“Yes Citizen, it is common,” said Base Commander Kiko, now getting back into the conversation, he was in charge of the amount of information that the Russian would be provided.    “Now why do you ask?”
“It is simple, time; the Russian birth rate has been in decline for a long time, once the Soviet Union breakup the issue has become much greater.  Many Russian women do not want to go through the birth process.  Also it makes the person weak for a long time.  If we set up a colony world we would need to ensure a large population.  Having children but minus the many issues would be very useful.  As I mentioned creating useable colony requires a large population, there are little benefits to making just one colony, you are an empire, a great nation would need a few colonies to start with.  If we take our population and spread it out, then we are weak here, if we go with few people then we have a bunch of small and expensive colonies.  I do not think we will be given the decades to develop, we need to do something faster.”
“Well. Speaking as a woman, I think what your women go through is barbaric and I would be in full support of granting this to you and yours. I myself have produced a few offspring over the years," replied Citizen Advisor Miko
“That is great to hear, also I have been studying the medical information provided and would like to clarify that full human cloning is possible, is that correct?”
“Yes cloning is possible Citizen, but normally it is not done for a general population, if you want reasons I can give you some later.  If your goal is to boost the population then we can create a large amount of unique people by alerting and combing their DNA.  Normally the children are still raised naturally without enhanced time frames. “
“If you do not mind then I would like to forward a report to Earth and let you also review my answers.”
Once approval was given, Colonel Trotsky left and headed to his quarters, he had a lot to write about and many plans to look into.  




***~~~***


Chapter 20
Consequences   

Golden Imperial Empire
The First Captain Lord Welk Torre yi Valleen was in a very foul mood.  He was also in trouble.  The arrest of President Elect Smith by President Jaster along with most of her faction would have consequences on both Earth and the Golden Empire.  The invasion plan presented called for a short, quick and victorious war.  In all war setbacks are expected, the leaders of the Golden Empire understand this very well.  The ever increasing setbacks and those responsible for them were a different matter all together.  A common practice among the Golden Empire is to allow the senior commander great leeway in developing and executing the plan.   The invasion plan, including the use of nuclear weapons was developed by the First Captain.  The plan called for a major use of force and then over awing the natives.  The plan was close to success, the move by President Elect Smith, who was scheduled soon to take power, agreed to and announced a cease fire was well received by the senior command.  The reports a few hours later of her arrest and her factions' elimination would require major changes.  Many were calling for changes at the top, starting with the First Captain.   It would take some effort but he was confident that he could survive the coming trial, after all he achieved most of his goals, yes it took longer than hoped for and cost more in lives but the result was the same if not better.  The Americans use of nuclear weapons will barbaric to many also increased the pressure on the Golden Empire to establish and pacify the colony of Draco.  The long term plans of the faction were still on track, they would still be able to gain some benefit from Draco but now would not have to be the main supplier of the effort.  If he could convince his faction and key followers of this and how it could help themselves then he would in good shape after the trail, if not then he would die soon in battle or be executed.  

Second Captain Lord Tai Vos yi Mararai was also in a bad mood.  The fallout from the failed cease fire was still pending.  While he would be normally protected by his major allies, the defeat at Ing1 as well as the failed attacks on Danzig and Glyde Frost was still fresh.  The war, which was supposed to be a major statement to the other powers, was failing.  Reports and rumors were telling of a major change, both on Earth and elsewhere.  The death of the Fortress Commander on Ing 1 in battle was understood, if he tried to flee, he would be killed, even perhaps thrown to the gladiator pits.  His allies would also be disgraced if they protected him.  New rumors were confirming that Lady of the Estate Leliilei Sasaron would be married to the leader of Draco.  Her and her family still had support of the high nobles in addition she played only a small role in the efforts of Draco.  She was well suited to and trained for her role and was to be rewarded.  The family recent had a falling out with the First Captain and feeling were now starting to sour.  Second Captain’s faction was in discussion with Lady Leliilei’s faction and the reports were generally positive if non committal. Most understood that joining with Lady Lelilei they would remain in power on Draco but others feared the cost would be too high and were encouraging him to accept some blame and or step down.  It would all hinge on the trial of Lord Welk Torre and he was sentenced and on what charges.  If he could survive the change in power and the trial then he would be able to move into the top position.   

Lady of the Estate Leliilei was tired.  Over the last few days, she was in meeting after meeting with different factions.  Recently it was confirmed that she would be First Lady of Draco, what was still uncertain was who she would be married and allied to.  Her last meeting with Lord Welk was awkward at best.  The continue lack of success of both major operations was taking its toll as well as the upcoming trial.  Having known him for many years she was now looking long and hard at other candidates that would be able to salvage the situation along as well as support her family better.   In addition the rumors around the trial were worrisome; a few were blaming the continuing indecision of Lady Leliilei as a distracting and damaging to the First Captain and the war efforts in General.  Other were calling for her faction to be punished was well for both her and their behavior in the lead up to the invasion and the constant demands and meeting they required prior to any battlefield success.  Many saw this lacking both honor and strength, two things the empire valued above almost all else.  While she was a proper acting and well mannered Lady, an ideal type of wife, the truth was she was a great actor.  The Golden Empire was a male dominated society.  The status of women was based on her faction and most importantly her husband.  For many years she and her faction had been working to move ahead, with the recent decline in faction Torre they were able to make a move that would allow them to increase their power and create a long term seat of power in Draco.  Lord Welk, while a great warrior was not a great leader, his frequent travels and tours of the flesh spots would mean Lady Leliilei would be in real control of Draco.  The native population was large and semi educated.  They would make a great and mostly willing labor force for the Golden Empire.  The Second Captain Lord Tai was another case, his faction while friendly with hers was not very close.  In addition Lord Tai was a much smarter and better leader than Lord Welk.  While it was looking like he would be her future match there were a few other candidates for the job.  It would take a few more days to be finalized and require some quick thinking but she should be able to spin events in her favor.  Once she was firmly in control of Draco then she would be able to satisfy the many promises made and her and her faction would again have a great reputation. 

Protectors of the Blessed
"Honored brothers, we have all reviewed the new reports on the actions with species 6 as well as the expanding war between the Lighgivers and the Golden Ones,  do any of you think we need to act?" said High-tech priest Msa.
"As for now I think we let the primitives and the lesser races fight, after all it is what they like to do best.  My only concern is the Lightgivers rift gate on Earth is very close to the ancient Blessed Ones buried temple near the city of Roswell.  I know soon the human will start to put more effort into discovering this temple, but we should consider if we need to guide them as well as prevent the Lightgivers from direct access," said Under-tech priest Js.
"I think it is inevitable that the Lightgivers will gain access, after all they are working closely with the Americans which controls the land and would surly ask an advanced race for help," responded Msa.
"Yes, I think we can agree this will, happen if not then we have no concern, but if they do, do we need to support the Humans, fight the Lightgivers or anything else?" said Js.
"We will need to be careful, after all we visited their planet less than 100 earth years ago, if we are seen as an evil alien like many alien are in their primitive culture then we might lose our best chance to spread the truth of the universe and let them embrace the Blessed Ones.  I think we need to work out a proper way to arrive but must make sure we are seen in the proper and respectful light, not like just another member like the lesser races," said Msa.

Australia
A few days after agreeing, Yoko and Bobby along with 8 others, many couples were gathered near the Noosa Convection Center.  At 10:00am Wweb, looking dignified and with three assistants greeted them.  Everyone quickly went through the standard introductions and then got into two vans and headed out.   After a half hour drive they saw it, the rift gate.  For each of them it was an experience they would never forget.  Science fiction just became reality.  The group was similar to Bobby and Yoko in many ways, all very smart, young and hard working.  They all had small firms or companies they worked with.  Over the next few hours they were given another medical check and many other things that were hard to understand.  The group easily if a little uncertainly passed through the gate and step on to another world.  The journey would be amazing, it would also be very long and tiring.  It would take 2 days of travel, on again and off again, gate after gate to get there.   4 gates and many hours later the team, tired and weary stepped on to Horn 3 for the first time.  They were met shortly outside of the rift by a blue and green stripped human; he was dressed in a simple and plain fashion, a near form fitting one piece unit.  The material was unknown.  
“Greeting, I welcome you on behalf of Cartel Jorson to Horn 3.  I thank you for coming to our world and agreeing to work with us in this interesting time.  I am Ppob, leader of the cartel here and your employer.  I look forward to meeting and working with all.  Please forgive my language, I have never used in on an Earth Human before.  Please follow me and I will take you to your new home.”  
Grabbing Yoko’s hand and taking a quick look around Bobby turned to look at the gate, standing for a few moments he turned back, gave a quick smile to Yoko and followed after the others.  




***~~~***


Chapter 21
Changes at the top

Golden Imperial Empire
 “Lord Welk Torre yi Valleen, your success and failures on Earth and your previous service to the Golden Emperor has been judged.  You will be given another chance to show your dedication and continue your service to the Emperor.  You are to be demoted  and relocated to Golden Destiny where you will join Lord Dorran in his preparations against the Lightgivers on Ing1, you will be given the responsibility of Third Captain and be in the leading rift gate attacks once we strike back.  While the plan of yours did accomplish many things on Earth and the unknown nature of the enemy was a hardship, more was expected.  If you can show you are up to the task then you can rise again.  Also your time for marriage will be postponed until after the Ing1 battles and once the full sentence of punishment has been fulfilled. Do you wish to add anything Lord Welk?" asked Lord Walkkn, Judge of Honor and Strength on behalf of the Golden Emperor.
“My Lords, the failure is all mine, I will accept full blame and serve as it is best for the empire or die trying.”
The punishment of Lord Welk Torre was greeted with caution, many expected a much harsher sentence for his failure, but other understood he largely succeed in the official on the invasion.  Many others were to be punished as well, based on the nature of the sentencing a new and alarming trend was starting to develop.  Most expected a few of the nobles to be punished and a large number of the common born troops, but it was not the case, nobles from all the major factions were being punished, most in a small but meaningful way.  While many were outraged that they or their faction was punished for what looked to be a minor or small offense the more senior members were slowly starting to understand why the Golden Emperor had approved the invasion plan and what is long term vision was and how different it was from the self serving vision the nobles had.  

Draco Colony
“Welcome to Draco Lord Kaigo Morgon yi Kaigo and Lady Leliilei Sasaron ko Yuollia, your staff has set up all the facilities as you wished.  Unfortunately the palace is still under construction and will be for some time,” said Second Captain Lord Tai, who survived the charges against Lord Welk Torre was still the Second Captain of Draco.  Well versed in how to play the great game, Lord Tai after the fall of Lord Welk, he removed his name from consideration of command of Draco Colony, while it was understood he wanted it, it was not meant to be.  Instead it showed that he also took responsibility for the failure of the invasion but was still motivated enough and respectful enough to continue on.  Instead another, a favorite of Lady Leliilei’s faction was chosen to command and lead Draco.  Well connected and of a military family he was an ideal figurehead.  Also he was cautions, which suited Lord Tai perfectly.  Draco Colony was still under major military threats from both the Lightgivers and the Americas.  In addition with the continued cooperation of the slaves from the Eternal Union with the Russians the battlefield on Earth might expand again. Occupation command was having a lot of trouble pacifying many areas and would need a large amount of support from the military, support that would be handled directly by Lord Tai.  If over the next few months things were to turn bad as expected with the new command staff and hardships the locals would face, Lord Tai, popular among the troops would be able to gain greater power and control. His biggest difference with Lord Welk Torre was that he came from a smaller faction, and his focus was on the results ad having the real power to back it up, while Lord Welk wanted to become famous and seen. Now his biggest opponent would be Lady Leliilei herself.  It would be an interesting few weeks and months to come.  

Lady Leliilei was happy; she was finally on Draco and with her new chosen husband.  While he came from a great family, his dad and brothers were strong and demanding.  As a result he was a cautious and somewhat shy person.  Landing a wife of Lady Leliilei obvious beauty and status was a major achievement along with gaining control of Draco.   He would be easy to control and she had plenty of cute and willing maids to help out as needed.  In addition now she was also free of Welk, while she liked him, he was always demanding her time and attention, and now with him gone she could focus both on herself and her ambitions. While she was disappointed her new palace being built on what was called Manhattan was not done yet, it still looked a ways off, and it would soon be a constant remainder to the people of Earth of the new power among them.  The palace would be a statement of her and her faction.  While most of the symbols and statues would of course reflect her new husband's faction the style, layout and function of the palace would help showcase her faction and be a statement of intent.  Now she was finally glad that she heeded her mother’s advice and stayed away from the Second Captain, for he was much too strong to dominate and was looking to create a power base of his own.  It would be an interesting few weeks and months to come.  




***~~~***


Epilogue

Katintel World
“Greeting Gift Speaker, you look rather dashing and manly today.  Greeting Trade Speaker you are looking rich, fat and happy as normal for your kind. “
“Lord General you are looking very ferocious today, thank you for cleaning the blood off of your sword before meeting with us,’ said Gift Speaker Talbot, head of the Lightgivers delegation.
“Yes I did try to clean up at least a little, while I can hardly compare to your near perfect standards for perfection of the human form, I did wash my hair today and even tried and failed of course to brush it in a civilized manner. ‘
‘Well it is the effort that counts in your empire; I will pass the news along to your leaders if you wish for it.  Now what changes or objections do you have to the proposal this time, it is not that I wish to be rude to such a great and glorious person as yourself but we have been over this many times before?” said Gift Speaker Talbot. 
“Let us review shall we, your proposal is to give to the humans for colonization the systems of Epsilon Eridani, planet 1845 and Tau Ceti, planet 1896, in addition all systems within 100 Earth light years will be under their direct control.  Any worlds beyond that will be subject to change.  In addition you will open and fix gates for colonization on Earth.  One will be in New Mexico near your gate location, where I notice your creating a nice new fortress.  The other gate will be agreed upon by the people of Europe.  Also you are planning a gate in Africa or Asia based on demand for resettlement.  Correct so far?”
“Correct so far.”
“Good, one must be accurate in these types of things.  In addition you will and your friends in the Trade Federation will work with them to resettle and will endeavor to provide useful technology as needed.  Technology that is not specified but should be used primary for building and or transportation.  I am still correct?”
“Yes, your memory is quite impressive today Lord Raiji Mooree, please keep going I am in awe,” said the speaker for the trade delegation.
“In addition you will provide them resources for the construction of the fortifications but will not until at least 10 years has passed and they can prove their worth and are a safe and peaceful people.  Once this is determined you will start to pass on how to create and operate a rift gate.  You will provide them technology that will allow them to only build rift gates with in the 100 light year limit.  That I believe in the majority of the proposal. Any recognition of conquest or anything like that can wait until we are done fighting I think.”
“Yes, you have covered the main points, do you and your Emperor agree?” asked Gift Speaker.
“Yes in most part, we would like to change the size to 60 light years and then you will want to change it to 120 light years so let’s just change it to 80 light years, and you can increase the terra forming and even planet moving technology for them.  If species 6 is going to be a major partner in Greater Humanity then they will need to develop their area quickly and effectively.  We would also suggest and agree if the Trade Federation wanted to create and additional gate or two for additional colonization.  How you want to pay for them or anything is up to you.  Also if need be you can run them through your own planets.”
“Very well, we will agree to the changes based on an 80 light year limit and an increase in technology transfer.  Also we will agree based on the Trade Federation being able to provide extra gates as needed.  After ten years the creation of rifts will be under review.  Are you in agreement, Delegate Speaker for the Trade Federation?  And you Lord Raiji Mooree
“On behalf of the Trade Federation we agree to this proposal.”
“On behalf of the Golden Emperor, long may he reign, we agree.” 
“Great news, now that that is done, I will relay it on.  Now let me get out of the clothes and something more normal and I will meet both of you at the underlake restaurant, I have booked a table for 9, and arranged proper companions, 2 for each of you based on your tastes.  I think you will find their services very enjoyable, during and after dinner even.  Then we can move on to the . . . 

Golden Imperial Empire
Lord Welk, the disgraced former First Captain of the Draco invasion was relaxing in the lush hunting grounds of Cashmar.  After his meeting with his faction after the verdict, he was greeted with words of supported but soon found himself quickly and quietly pushed along to his new position as Third Captain.  Finally having some free time to think, he was happy with the results of his plans.  The failed cease fire with the fake American president was a stroke of genius.   At the time he was hoping it would work but it finally allowed him to see others as they really were.  Years ago when he was first developing his plans with his cousin they looked at both success and failure.  Both had studied the Emperor, they though very highly of him, not because of his stories or power, or even how he forced others to act, but because he could act from the shadows.  His cousin a senior manager in the Torre faction understood from firsthand experience the results of the failure from farming and mismanagement practices on various planets.  They both agreed that the real failure was not due to weather, but to an approach.  The Torre faction was fading, while others were rising, but very few in reality were really able to.  The plan that would lead to invasion was designed to achieve a few key points.  The first was to either bind faction Torre to others and create a new stronger faction or have them cast out, and forced to stand alone.  Now that he was disgraced, his faction leaders would finally learn how to take care of their own.   It would be painful, but they would adapt or fail. For centuries each faction looked to join with others in order to minimize loss, being forced to stand alone in disgrace would force a hard look at what the Torre faction was and what it wanted.  Another key point was to the crush the ego of the ruling class that was leading the empire to ruin.   His attacks on Earth were designed to show the might of the Empire but also to create a long term conflict between the Golden Empire and the Humans of Earth.  Having studied various topics of Earth history, he knew a major bloodbath and killing of innocents would mean near eternal hatred for the Golden Empire.  The daily heavy handed tactics of the Occupation forces would reinforce this.  Most of the ruling class believed that the primitives would bow down to the Golden Empire once the truth of their heritage was exposed and the might of the empire was unleashed.  His cousin helped him that all humans share a common mind set and would generally react in similar ways based on their culture, by choosing to attack the American and their culture or war and resistance they would have a strong desire to fight.  This in turn would force the total conquest of North America, the major but unstated goal of the attack.  Few truly understood that the prize of Draco was in the wrong spot.  Draco was made up of very cold and heavily populated lands.  It would take a very large and continuous effort to sustain and produce a profit.  Only the conquest of all of Canada, United States and part of Mexico would create a large and capable enough area.  

Golden Imperial Empire 
The Golden Emperor, unchallenged ruler of the Golden Imperial Empire was very happy.  Almost 600 years old he was still in very good health.  Rarely seen or heard, he continues to rule with an iron fist.  For the last 350 years he has been the undisputed ruler.  During that time, the Empire had it share of ups and downs.  It has grown prosperous, strong and victorious in many wars.  As cruel as he was, he was also smart.  The reports of the failure on Earth were expected.  The failure of other attacks was also expected in most cases.  The Empire had grown arrogant, weak and self-absorbed.  He decided to support the invasion plans in order to test his followers.  So far they have failed was also as expected.  While the talk was of a short and quick war, he knew it would be a much longer affair.  If his people and the Empire were to stand the test of age and time then they must be reborn and challenged often, even a great warrior will become dull and easily defeated if his soul is not challenged.  He was watching with interest the action of the former First Captain Lord Welk, it was his voice that said to transfer him, while others wanted him dead.  He was counting on the rage and anger to sharpen his talent and push him to be a great leader and warrior. He was watching the Second Captain and Lady of the Estate as well; together they would be strong, and opposed they would become stronger.  The Emperor had a philosophy for ruling, it was simple, a few strong and great leaders can run the majority of the Empire.  The goal of the war was to find, create, sharpen and temper the next generation of leaders.   While the Emperor was rarely seen, he did work hard, and he studied.  Few even among the Priests of the Protectors knew as much about the Blessed Ones as he did.  He and his secret staff were quietly gathering and learning as much as they could.  The Blessed Ones in their arrogance awoke an enemy, he was determined to defeat the enemy or flee if needed to try again.  He was the Golden Emperor, self proclaimed leader of Greater Humanity and he would create, kill, hurt, produce, beg, borrow, steal, destroy or do anything else needed to ensure the survival of the race, the survival of Greater Humanity.  




***~~~***


Cast of Important Characters 

Earth
United States of America
Dominick Jaster, President of the United States 2032-2036
Jessica Walker Smith, Ex-Governor, President Elect 2032
General Ian Washington Thomas Charon, Chief of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
Colonel Alexander Pushkin, Commanding officer AW1 program
Major Josh Bennet, F35 fighter pilot

Russians
Ivan Isofevich Kirov, President of the Russian Federation 
Marshal Vitaly Igorovick Malevich, Commander of the Russian Military     
Colonel Alexandros Mikhailovick Trotsky, head of delegation to Unity 3

British 
Colonel Winfred Scarbourgh, Commanding officer Walker program

Australia 
Bobby McCollin, Ex-Australian SAS, inventor and business owner
Yoko Matsuri,, Japanese, wife of Bobby, inventor 


Greater Humanity
Golden Imperial Empire 
Lord Welk Torre yi Vallen, First Captain, commander of Earth Invasion 
Lord Tai Vos yi Mararai, Second Captain
Lady of the Estate Leliilei Sasaron ko Yuollia 

Lightgiver Empire of the Blessed Truth
Gift General Tsarin

Union of Eternal Guidance
Citizen Warlord Abo, 
Citizen Base Commander Kiki

Trade Federation
Jjbeb Orson, Cartel Leader  Orson

Republic of Orion 
Combat Team Leader Cals




***~~~***


A Few words from the Author 

Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed my story.  This is my first book and I hope the story was interesting to you.  I apologize about the grammar, poor spelling and everything else.  My goal was to start a story that was grey, not all good or all bad.  I enjoy fantasy stories and science fiction and wanted to combine them but in a real world setting. For the background of the story, it was based on the idea that humans were not native to this planet; you can argue one way or the other but Earth humans would be introduced around 100,000 years ago and develops as normal from there.  On other planets the Blessed Ones and there technology would survive.  
I hope to continue and expand this story and look forward to any feedback, prefer the good kind but open to both.




***~~~***


About the Author 

I was born in Tennessee, grew up in New Mexico and went to college at Texas Tech in Lubbock, Texas.  I have lived in Japan where I found my wife, (well worth the traveling half way around the world), Hawaii, Queensland and now I call the seaside town of Ballina in northern New South Wales, Australia home.  I am a licensed Architect in the State of Hawaii.  You can contact or find me at 

*www.darrenhandgh.wordpress.com





***~~~***


Round 2
Greater Humanity: Sacrifices 

The Americans plan a counter attack!

The Russians launch their invasion and attempt to recreate the Soviet Union.

New colonies are created.

The Golden Empire and Lightgivers war spreads again.
