Tales of the Solar Rangers:
Showdown on Ceres

By
Victoria Young

Edited by
Duncan Young

SMASHWORDS EDITION

PUBLISHED BY:
Victoria Young on Smashwords


Tales of the Solar Rangers: Showdown on Ceres
Copyright © 2014 by Victoria Young


This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental.  
Chapter 1
Ranger Joshua Colt impatiently brushed a stray curl from his forehead annoyed by the sound of the swinging chandelier that Aki was clinging to. 
“Had I known that Captain Shaw wasn’t going to be here I wouldn’t have left my desk,” said Colt under his breath.
“Reports?” replied Avatar as he plopped his feet up on Captain Shaw’s desk and leaned back in the brushed sliver captains chair. “How exciting.”
Colt puffed up his broad chest and clasped his hands behind his back. The shiny brass buttons on his pristine navy-blue uniform strained under the pressure. He curled his upper lip which made his jaw seem even more square. Ranger Joshua Colt appreciated appearances, the value of a perfect shave and haircut. Thus, not a sandy brown hair was out of place from his sleek wet style that was parted on the side. That is with the exception of one curl that Colt found to be both a curse and a boon. It annoyed him that the curl would break free but his female companions adored it. So he kept it. The creases on his navy-blue uniform pants always lined up perfectly against his double breasted jacket. His black patent leather shoes were so perfectly shiny that if he so chose, he could style his hair in the reflection. Colt was simply not a vain man and would never do such a thing, in public at least. All Solar Defense Force Rangers were equipped with a standard issue rocket pistol. They were efficient weapons but Colt wanted to distinguish himself and chose to carry a .45 caliber revolver instead. Captain Shaw questioned the decision but let it stand since he saw no reason to override it. Mostly Shaw was curious. Colt repositioned the mother-of-pearl handle of his revolver so that it sat more upright on his hip. The gesture was repeated so often throughout the day that it had become a part of his identity. The mother-of-pearl and brushed metal had become a symbol of pride and Colt wielded it well.
“Someone has to do the reports,” replied Colt with a tinge of bitterness.
“I do reports,” said Avatar indignantly. “I did the Tunisian report.”
“That was six months ago and it was one page long,” said Colt raising his voice slightly. “I had to rewrite it.”
Ranger Christian Avatar scratched the brown stubble on his face pondering the truth of Colt’s statement. Avatar’s eyes wandered seeking a reprieve from Colt’s accusatory stare. Unlike Colt, Avatar did not value appearances. His greasy blonde hair had not been trimmed in a while and touched the collar of his dusty blue uniform jacket; a certain uniform violation. Avatar did not know what a pant crease was much less have one. Although, a pant crease was not a uniform requirement. His brown penny loafers showed some wear as did his utility belt. Avatar preferred to wear the belt loose so that his standard issue rocket pistol pulled his utility belt closer to his hips than his waist; another uniform violation. Avatar, however, felt that having his weapon on his hip was more practical in an emergency situation. He smiled at Colt wrinkling his crooked nose. 
“And we really appreciate you doing this,” injected Aki as he held a one handed handstand on the edge of Captain Shaw’s desk. His white foot reflected in the art deco mirror on the wall and his unbuttoned uniform jacket fell around his head revealing a bare white hairless chest. Ranger Aki Moto simply did not like uniforms. He found them to be too constricting and he would regularly walk around the Solar Defense Force’s Lisbon headquarters shoeless and shirtless. He preferred not to wear pants but the Earthmen objected so he kept them on. Aki’s skin was an alabaster white, almost blinding at times. His hair was fire engine red and his eyes were coal black; common Venutian features. Aki’s unbuttoned uniform jacket floated behind him like a cape as he jumped down from the desk landing on his bare white feet with the slightest of sounds. 
“Rangers are you there?” squeaked the oval white communicator box on Captain Shaw’s desk. “Can you hear me?”
“We can hear you Captain Shaw,” said Ranger Lilith from the red velvet settee. Lilith preferred to wear a short skirt in lieu of the uniform pants so the emerald green Martian skin on her legs contrasted against the red settee giving her a festive look. Like Colt, Lilith kept her uniform in pristine condition. Although, she had no creases because she wore a skirt she did have a perfectly fitted jacket that lovingly embraced her muscular frame. Her Italian leather black knee boots never had a scratch on them. The golden epaulettes on her shoulder were always shiny as well as the brass buttons on her double breasted navy blue uniform jacket. Not a single strand of Lilith’s blue-green hair was out of place from her carefully constructed up-do and of course not a single hair touched her collar. Golden symbols adorned her face and body matching the golden streaks in her hair. 
“Excellent,” said Captain Shaw. “I’m sorry I can’t be there. I got stuck in another meeting. Rangers I will get right to the point. I have a mission for you that needs immediate attention.”
“Watcha need Captain?” said Avatar slyly taking his shoes off the Captain’s desk in a self conscious effort to avoid being rude.
“A Ranger has been killed at the SDF office in Ceres City,” replied Captain Shaw.
“That’s terrible,” said Aki as he moved closer to the com box. “Who?”
“Ranger Razik Amanpour,” replied Captain Shaw. The Rangers glanced at each other in shock. 
“That’s terrible news,” injected Colt. “I had him in several of my classes. He was a great guy.”
“We were at the academy not that long ago,” said Aki. “What happened?”
“He was found near the mines,” said Captain Shaw. “With a bullet in his head. I need you to go the outer asteroid belt and investigate.”
“Of course Captain,” replied Colt standing almost completely at attention. “When do we ship out.”
“Right now” said Captain Shaw abruptly. “The Pecos is waiting for you now so get a move on. I needn’t remind you that the Solar Defense Force does not take kindly to the assassinations of Rangers. Understood?”
“Understood Captain,” replied Lilith as she stood up from the settee. Lilith clenched her jaw and glanced out of the full length window; past the bustling air cars and the glistening skyscrapers to the blue sky and the open space beyond. 
“No,” said Lilith under her breath. “We will not let this stand.” 
Chapter 2
Dirty miners of all shapes, sizes and races filed into the dirt floor bar just moments after the whistle from the mine blew. Customary daily greetings filled every corner of the Apollo Tavern as patrons ordered their drinks and then trickled off to their respective social groups.
Avatar chugged a warm watered down beer as he watched crowds of excited miners gather around Aki in anticipation of his dice throw. Aki chose to wear a pair of dusty khaki pants so as to blend in with the asteroid miners and of course no shirt or shoes. He enjoyed the freedom from the uniform even if it was only for a short time. Aki blew on the dice and concentrated on their physical form. For a moment it was as if the dice were a part of him; a limb that he could move and manipulate at will. “Come on lucky seven,” yelled Aki. None to his surprise he rolled a four and a three but he hollered in excitement anyway. 
Avatar shook his head in disgust. He took another swig of beer and closed his eyes concentrating on Aki’s mind. 
“You can’t win every throw,” said a voice in Aki’s head. “They will get suspicious.” Aki smiled slyly and once again rolled a seven. 
“You worry too much,” thought Aki hoping that Avatar was listening to his thoughts. Avatar stood up from the bar not bothering to dust off the pretzel crumbs from his sweat stained grey cotton t-shirt and khaki pants. Aki noted that his undercover look seemed natural for him. In fact he fit in quite well with the miners. 
Avatar waded through thick cigarette smoke and the pungent smell of sweat to other end of the warped brushed aluminum bar. Men in overalls crowded the bar laughing, swearing, and sharing tall tales of inept supervisors.  Avatar raised his empty beer glass above the heads of the reveling patrons and made eye contact with the man behind the bar.
“What can I get you,” shouted the bartender over the noise bellowing from nearby speakers showcasing a popular frontier musician. 
“I’ll take another beer.” Avatar pointed to two bearded burly men in overalls standing next to him at the bar. “Two more beers for my friends here.”
“What’s the occasion?” asked one of the men with suspicion.
“I was hoping you could tell me where I could find some work around here.” Avatar tossed a solar dollar on the bar to pay the tab. The bartender with the one cybernetic eye grimaced and shook his head in disgust. The eye glowed red in the dim light of the bar. Although functional, this eye lacked the realistic quality found in Martian cybernetics. The bartender seemed to relish the menacing nature of the red eye especially when collecting from patrons. Avatar smiled sheepishly and laid three more solar dollar coins on the bar. The bartender nodded an affirmative, smiled and scooped up the coins.
“Well, the mines are always hiring,” said one of the men reaching for his fresh glass of beer. “Thanks by the way.”
“The name is Christian,” said Avatar extending his hand to the men. 
“Christian?!” snickered one of the men. “You poor sap. My name’s Reg and this is my brother-in-law Frank. Got a last name?”
“Shouldn’t need one at the edge of the solar system,” snarled Avatar swigging his beer. Frank laughed hardily and smacked Avatar on the back. It was a hard slap that nearly sent Avatar head first into the bar. His back stung and he was having difficulties breathing but he did not show it. In fact he looked at Frank and smiled almost daring him to do it again.
“I like you,” said Frank. “Go to the Frontier mine and ask for George. He’ll put you to work…Maybe put some muscle on that back. You’re too scrawny.” Avatar chuckled right along with the two men. He swigged his beer concentrating on Reg’s mind hoping to give Reg a suggestion to spill everything he knew about the outer world underground and a certain dead Ranger. Sadly, Reg’s will was too strong for Avatar and he was not even able to read his mind much less give him a suggestion. 
“So,” asked Reg. “Are you an independent miner?”
“My partner and I tried our luck for awhile,” replied Avatar taking another swig of his beer. “But we weren’t striking it rich.”
“Yeah,” chuckled Frank. “That happens sometimes. Reg and I worked for a long time and didn’t get anything. But some independents strike a vein of some precious metal or gems right outta the gate. It burns my behind.”
“Well not us,” Avatar shook his head in disgust.
“Oh..but I do miss those days. Exploring all the asteroids in this region…Some of the crazy things we found.” Frank leaned into Avatar as if he didn’t want anyone to hear.
“You’re buddy is the Venutian with the gambling problem?”
Avatar chuckled. “Yeah, that’s him.”
“Are you going to get back out there and try again?” asked Reg. 
“No we’re out of money and supplies.” Avatar bristled at the very thought of being strapped for cash. “We were hoping to find a job to replenish our supplies and then maybe go back out.” 
“You definitely should,” added Reg. “Before these asteroids are crawling every dumb sap out there wanting to make a quick fortune.”
“Yeah, we found a few of those out there.” Avatar shook his head in agreement.
“What skills ‘ya got?” asked Frank.
“My buddy is a pilot.” Avatar pointed to the seemingly distracted Aki. “He can pilot virtually anything. We both have computer, mechanic and of course our lousy mining skills.” Avatar chuckled to himself at the thought of the tedious hours Aki and Avatar spent on the journey studying mining techniques, equipment and of course vernacular. 
“I think we may be able to help you out,” Frank smiled reassuringly. 
A hush fell over the miners as two Rangers entered the bar. Ranger Lilith and Ranger Colt stepped into the light; their blazing sun badges proudly mounted on their chest reflected the meager amount of light. The Rangers strolled to the center of the room watching their audience very carefully. Their precise steps echoed throughout the stillness.  
“We don’t want no trouble,” said the one-eyed bartender. “The Appolo is a clean establishment. We pay our taxes.”
“Yes, I’m sure you do,” replied Colt sarcastically. Both Lilith and Colt pushed their way through the disorganized wooden tables and chairs.
“We were wondering if you have seen this man,” said Colt as he held up a photo of Ranger Amanpour.  “Has he ever been in your…fine establishment.” 
“Aint never seen him before in my life,” replied the one-eyed bartender leaning his elbow on the bar. Miners including Avatar parted from the bar allowing the bartender to speak for them. “Now, I suggest mister you take your pretty little green girlfriend here and beat it.” Colt and Lilith glanced at each other and smiled ever so softly. It did not take a telepath to figure out that they had struck a nerve. 
“We don’t like no G-Men around here telling us what to do,” said Avatar stepping closer to Lilith and Colt. 
“Enough to kill one of those G-Men?” replied Lilith taking a defensive stance. Lilith prepared herself for a blow and she was not disappointed.  Avatar struck Lilith across her green jaw with every bit of force he could muster up. Avatar grabbed his wrist in pain. Lilith barely flinched. Avatar did, however, knock several strands of her blue-green hair loose. With a speed, grace and power that the miners had never seen before, Lilith knocked Avatar into the crowd of miners. They were kind enough to break his fall as Lilith had anticipated. 
“Is that all you got?” snarled Lilith. Lilith scanned the room for possible threats. Her head snapped around when she heard a powerful blow land on Colt. Colt dropped to his knees as two miners kicked him in the head. He lay on the floor with a large gash across the back of his skull struggling to stay conscious and upright.  He failed. Lilith rushed to Colt and gently put her hand on his chest. She reached for her field medical kit in her utility belt but paused when the crowd of miners parted revealing a large man. The large man scratched his bushy black beard before reaching into his denim overalls for a switch blade knife. The man’s skin was blackened with dirt making it difficult to determine his ancestry. Thick black chest hair flowed over the edges of the denim overalls dripping sweat onto the fabric. With a characteristic swish the man opened the blade and waved it around for all to see. Lilith stood up keeping her gaze locked on the man with a knife. She moved closer; each step a taunt. The crowd parted with even more disregarding their tables and chairs. Partially filled beer mugs littered the tables as if they were abandoned with neglect. She reached to her utility belt and retrieved a metal staff approximately thirty centimeters in length. Mounted on the top was a pointy beveled crystal approximately ten centimeters long. The miners gasped, some laughed but many shook their heads. 
“Am I supposed to be scared?” grunted the large hairy man. Lilith pressed a button on the staff. Metal rods and plates emerged from one end of the staff, extended away from the base until ultimately locking into place creating a sturdy weapon one and a half meters long. The crystal pulsed emitting a pleasing blue light that bathed the curious crowd. With swift and furious action, Lilith smashed her staff into the center of a nearby table. The table split into three splintered pieces sending shards of wood across the room. 
“Place your bets,” yelled Aki. “Hurry. Do it now before they start.” A flurry of patrons crowded Aki waving their hard earned solar dollars in the air. Aki struggled to process the requests and did his best to get as many bets in before the festivities started.
“Why Yes,” replied Lilith in a matter of fact tone. “I think you should be very scared.” Lilith cast a casual glance to Aki and waited for just a few more seconds of betting before tearing into her opponent. Visions of a slinky blue dress from a certain Lisbon fashion shop danced in Lilith’s eyes as she watched Aki rake in the money. All bets were on the large hairy man; always a good thing. Lilith circled her opponent as the crowd made a makeshift ring around them. The large man grew impatient and clumsily charged her. With extraordinary speed Lilith caught one of the beer mugs with her staff and flung it at him hitting him squarely in the forehead. The crowd gasped as the thud from the mug’s impact echoed throughout the bar. Patrons grabbed their own foreheads and moaned in a gesture of sympathy. The large man’s eyes rolled into his head and he toppled forward like a mighty earth tree knocking over several tables on the way down.
Lilith slammed the end of her staff into the dirt and snarled at the miners. “Anyone else want to play?” Not a single miner responded. 
Aki pocketed the money making seemingly sincere apologies for the miner’s losses. “Who would have thought,” said Aki with a touch of sarcasm throwing his hands in the air. 
Chapter 3
Lilith helped Colt sit up in his bed as the nurse attended to the gash on his head. Aki and Avatar still dressed in their undercover attire sat at the other end of the white room counting the money they made. 
“Fortunately, it was a mild concussion and you will be just fine,” reported the SDF the nurse. “The doctor wants you to stay here overnight and continue your rejuvenation therapy.” 
“No,” said Colt emphatically. “Absolutely, not. I have a job to do.” Colt swung his legs around so that his feet dangled off the white bed. He pushed his hands off the bed and tried to stand up. He failed. The nurse and Lilith caught Colt as his body went momentarily limp bumping his knees on the pristine white tiled floor. They dragged him back into the bed despite Colt’s protests.
“You are in no condition to go anywhere,” said Lilith in a mothering tone. “Let me help you get your uniform off.” Lilith reached over to Colt but much to her dismay he pushed her hand away.
“I don’t need any help.” Colt angrily pulled off a monitor attached to his finger causing a panel behind the bed to beep.
“Why are you angry with me?” asked Lilith quietly. “Did I offend you?”
“No…no,” Colt pursed his lips.  “I just…I don’t know…I guess I am just angry with myself. I should have seen that coming.”
“You really got clocked,” said Avatar making his way across the sparse white room after hearing the tense exchange. “Look…I meant for them to start a fight with her and not you..I’m sorry.”
“What are you saying?” said Colt indignantly. “..That I can’t handle it? Just because I don’t have your abilities doesn’t make me useless.”
“No..that’s not what I am saying.” Said Avatar. “It’s just that…well…you know..she’s made of granite.”
“That was quite a maneuver by the way,” said Avatar turning to Lilith. “You know..the whole beer mug and all…Is that a new move?”
“Actually, I did not anticipate hitting him with it much less knocking him out.” Lilith snapped her fingers, “I got..what do you call it?...Lucky”
“Well,” interrupted Aki in his most even and soothing tone; not too harsh and not too patronizing.  “How about we all get some rest and we will just pick this up in the a.m. We’re not going to continue the investigation without you …OK?” 
“Yeah,” said Lilith smiling at Colt. “We’re a team. We can’t do this without you.” Colt raged inside but his face yielded nothing more than a mere inquisitive glance. 
“Sure.” Colt brushed the curl off of his forehead briefly obstructing his face. “I should probably get some rest now.”
Aki, Avatar and Lilith said their goodnights and filed out of the treatment room dimming the lights as they went. Colt turned to one side facing the window burrowing in to the firm bed for the night. His eyes glossed over as he stared out the window lost in his own thoughts.
Chapter 4
The mining colony on the largest asteroid Ceres was simply known as Ceres City. Compared to some of the larger cities on Earth, it was a small community of miners, their families and support services. The last census put the population at close to three hundred thousand people. In the early years of the city the City Council deemed census taking as an illegal invasion of privacy thus the census was no longer performed. That was until the mining board who paid for maintenance and upkeep of the domes pointed out that they needed that information for life support management purposes. The City Council relented. The opaque dome surrounding the city as well as the atmosphere generator was built and maintained by private mining corporations. Separate domes were constructed around each mine and connected by shuttles. The domes were well kept. They had to be. The mining board employed some of the best engineers in the solar system to make certain that there were no air leaks and the structural integrity of the domes were at their peaks at all times. After all, without them there would be no mining operations. The minerals in the asteroids were just too valuable. 
Separate smaller farming domes were scattered around the asteroid to supplement Ceres City food supplies but most food was shipped in from Earth and Venus. A newly constructed dome built by a Martian agricultural company specialized in high protein plant sources. The plants thrived in drought condition and provided oxygen as well as protein. Although, not a delicacy it was a very versatile protein that local chefs and street vendors alike would prepare for their customers. 
Over the years citizens and businesses alike built and paid for towers of all shapes and sizes that reached out to the blackness of space but still contained within the safety of the dome. Towers were constructed close to each other leaving little room for normal pedestrian traffic. Air car traffic was strictly limited to delivery and emergency vehicles. Although, the towers boasted a plethora of windows for the view enthusiast most windows only opened to another building. Living on the edge of the dome was considered living the high life. It offered views of space as well as sunlight, although dim, and gardens adorned rooftops; if you had the purchasing power that is. 
Space and land was at an extreme premium driving the cost of purchasing single living space out of reach for a family.  Many single male mine workers bunked together in tiny flats to save their money. It was not uncommon for multiple families to live in a cramped two bedroom apartment. The City Council suggested to the corporations that they expand the dome or build another one. The corporations suggested that they withdraw their funding. 
Ceres City had no schools mostly because there were few children. What children were there were homeschooled. It was considered the responsibility of each family to educate their own. Skilled Earth and Venutian women were recruited by the corporations to even out the population and to provide diversity. Women tended to choose support positions such as healthcare and municipal services mainly because women with skills could make as much as three times what they made on Earth and Venus and more than double what they could in the mines. Well kept brothels dotted the city. Each house was proud to offer services to lonely miners; for a high price of course. Service women tended to be wealthy citizens of Ceres City which afforded them a certain clout within the community and government. 
Chapter 5
Bright yellow lamps mounted on the wall of the mine illuminated the thick cloud of dust that seemed to cling to every square inch of the mine. Distant sounds of banging and whirring echoed through the distance; the sound bouncing off of the rock tunnel walls making it hard to tell where it had originated from. Dirty workmen pushed carts of equipment along the rails as they passed miners leaving the mine with carts of ore ready for processing. Shiny silver mining robots marched in single file to their next task led by an engineer. 
Corporations typically sought out the rare minerals used in the production of robots but finding precious metals and even gems was a plus. The asteroid Ceres had been deemed the richest known asteroid for the rare minerals and the corporations that mined it were extraordinarily wealthy. 
Avatar and Aki put on their safety goggles and sounded the laser warning system. A red siren flashed on the rock wall causing the small chamber to flash intermittent red in the darkness. Aki pulled up the glass safety case and upon Frank’s approval pushed the lever on the laser. They stood back as a red laser cut a circle on the rock wall precisely one half meter in diameter. The laser shut off automatically upon completion of the task and a group of mining robots moved in to finish up. The unsophisticated robots stopped briefly to process their orders as the Solar Asteroid Mining Corporation logo blazoned across their chest began to glow white and then flash red. The SAM Corp logo, as the miners referred to it, was a six pronged star covering an asteroid; an iconic image harkening back to the early days of asteroid mining when star shaped framework with a drill in the center covered small asteroids. The center drill extracted the ore sending it along conveyer belts in the bands to awaiting processing centers before being shipped to Earth. When the SAM Corp star logo turned blue the barrel shaped silver robots removed a variety of sharp tools and laser cutters from their chest compartment and began the task of removing the rock cylinder for processing.  The rock wall was a blur of activity as a multitude of shiny tubular arms lasered and cut fragments of rock.
“Excellent!” said Frank going to slap Avatar on the back again. This time, however, Avatar dodged the attack and waved his finger at Frank. 
“Ehhhh,” said Frank joking around. “I was just being friendly. Let me make it up to you. Let me buy you a beer after work…both of you…at the Apollo. There is someone I would like you to meet.”
“None of that damn watered down sewer water,” replied Avatar smirking. “I want the real stuff.” Frank laughed heartily and went for another smack on Avatar’s back but caught himself before making contact.
“I like you.” Frank’s belly jiggled with hearty laughter. 
“Frank you’re a pain in the behind,” replied Avatar smirking. “But for a beer I’ll be there.” A soft beeping sound echoed through the tiny chamber making it difficult to pinpoint its origin.
“Oh, that must be Bill,” said Frank checking his silver wrist communicator. “I have to take this.” Frank pushed past the robots busily removing the rock cylinder and left the chamber.
“Well what do you think,” whispered Aki. “Are we meeting someone in the know?”
“Your guess is as good as mine.” Avatar shrugged his shoulders. “I can’t read him.”
“Really?” said Aki. 
“Yup!” 
“Why?”
“I can’t read everyone and these salty independent types are hard.”
“So what you’re saying is that you would be broke if you lived here.” 
“Something like that.”
Chapter 6
Lilith and Colt sat silently in the large waiting room. The mahogany wall panels and the dimly lit green lamps gave the room a heavy feel. Like most buildings in Ceres City windows faced other buildings and often other windows giving the inhabitants a glimpse into the lives of others. That would have at least lightened the room somewhat but this waiting room was windowless. Small blue paneled settee’s dotted the room but sat empty except for the one that Colt and Lilith sat in. Behind a mahogany desk sat a small young Venutian man with a serious look on his face. His fingers danced gracefully over the keyboard as he typed. His pale complexion and slicked back white hair reflected the light from the green lamps giving him a slight Martian look. Behind the secretary was a wide mahogany door framed by long rectangular shapes and ornately carved corners. A plaque on the door read, “The Honorable Mayor Barkley Ford.” 
“You haven’t said much since we left our quarters this morning,” inquired Lilith. 
“Tired I guess,” replied Colt dismissive of Lilith’s concerns.
“Do you realize that I still have some serious bruises from our last sparring session,” said Lilith as she pointed to her hip feigning discomfort. “I really want a rematch. What do you say after this we…..”
“Lilith I appreciate what you are trying to do,” interrupted Colt. “It’s fine…really..Let’s just drop it.”
“Ok,” replied Lilith in resignation. She leaned back in her seat and nestled in for a long cold wait. The silence and tension in the air was broken only when the secretary announced that the mayor would see them. Colt swiftly jumped up and walked towards the open door followed closely by Lilith. 
“Rangers,” said Mayor Ford beckoning for them to come in. “Welcome to Ceres City; the jewel of the asteroid colonies. Please sit down.”
“Thank you,” replied Lilith as she and Colt shook the mayor’s hand. 
“Fin,” yelled the Mayor. “Please get us some coffee..oh and pastries too.” The mayor straightened his pointy goatee and brown bow tie. He was a fit Earth man of moderate height and weight and looked to be in his late forties. His salty brown hair was parted on the side carefully sculpted into a mild bouffant and his waxed mustache curled upward ever so slightly to give him a jolly look. The Mayor wore a three piece brown tweed suit and black shiny boots.  His office was much like the waiting room and reeked of stale cigar smoke. 
“It’s very nice to see Rangers around here,” said the Mayor as he clapped his hands together and rubbed them. “So what can I help you with?”
“Well as you may have heard,” said Colt in his professional voice. “A Ranger was killed recently.”
“Most tragic,” replied the Mayor shaking his head. “Most tragic.”
“Well we are having some trouble accessing the investigative report on Ranger Amanpour’s death,” said Colt.
“Well that just won’t do,” said the mayor reaching for the desk communicator. The mayor held down the red button and bent over. “Fin could you ask our Chief Records Officer to join us in my office.” Lilith walked to a wall of pictures and plaques examining each one with great curiosity paying particular attention to one. 
“You were one of the original separatist rebels?” asked Lilith looking at a photo of a younger mayor and the heads of the mining coalition shaking hands.
“Long time ago,” said the mayor raising his hand in a dismissive gesture. 
“You negotiated a peace treaty?” asked Colt.
“I am proud to say that yes I negotiated a treaty,” said the mayor as he pet his sharp goatee.
“I understand that the rebel leadership benefitted greatly from the transaction,” said Colt.
“Everyone benefitted from peace,” replied the Mayor.
“So you have not been in office very long?” asked Lilith.
“I was sworn in six months ago,” replied the Mayor puffing out his chest. 
“Aren’t you on the Mining Coalition board of Directors?” asked Lilith as her golden eyes softened and a slight smile crossed her green lips.
“Yes,” replied the Mayor defensively. “I don’t see how that has to do with…..”
“Some would say that was a conflict of interest,” injected Colt.
“It’s only a conflict of interest if the voters say it is,” said the mayor as he returned to the safety of his large mahogany desk and sat down in the chair. “The voters knew full well that I was on the board. In fact they wanted it.”
“Correct me if I’m wrong,” said Lilith. “But didn’t you run unopposed? Your opponent mysteriously backed out.” 
“Rangers I don’t know what your game is but I don’t like it,” said the Mayor as he stood up from his chair and leaned his weight over the desk. “This is my town and…..” With the grace of a ballerina Fin entered the room carrying a silver platter with three white mugs and a silver coffee pot. He set the tray down on a thick mahogany end table and left only to return seconds later with another tray filled with pastry’s, cream and sugar. 
“Perhaps,” said the Mayor smiling. “We just got off on the wrong foot. Please have some coffee and the bear claws are fantastic.”
Ranger Colt smiled, satisfied with his performance. He raised his hand in a gesture of conciliation.  “Of course Mayor,” replied Colt before pouring himself a cup of coffee. Lilith brooded in the corner with her arms crossed. The light from the green desk lamp caught her golden eyes in such a way as to make it seem as if her eyes glowed in a menacing albeit purposeful manner. 
“Mister Mayor,” said Chief Records Officer Jennifer Park as she leaned her shoulder on the thick mahogany door jam. “You wanted to see me?” Park removed her black uniform hat and placed it gently under her left arm. Strands of thick black hair fell from the loose bun on the back of her head. Her rubber soled patent leather flats squeaked as she glided across the auburn artisan carpet. Officer Park wore the black police uniform well. Every inch of it was perfectly in its place except for the silver badge. The badge did not fit her tiny frame and sat eschew on her chest. She stopped in front of the mayor’s desk and stood rigidly at attention. 
“Officer Park,” said the mayor pointing haphazardly at the Rangers. “The Rangers here are trying to get their hands on the investigative report for Amanpour.”
Park arched her brows and faced the closest Ranger, Lilith. “I was not aware that the SDF had opened an investigation.” 
“It’s standard for any suspicious death,” replied Lilith emerging from the corner of the room. 
Officer Park smiled and tilted her round face. “Suspicious?” said Park. “It was clearly suicide,” Lilith grit her teeth holding back the urge to smack Park upside the head at the suggestion. 
“Never the less we must conduct a thorough investigation,” replied Lilith pleased at her own professionalism. “You understand.” 
“Of course,” said Park smiling. “I will deliver that to you….Where should I have it delivered?” Lilith froze. She had no answer for Officer Park; not anticipating that their plan would be so effective this soon.
“The Golden Lamb Inn,” injected Colt. “We’re staying at the Golden Lamb.” Park smiled acknowledging the information.  
“We’ll be waiting,” said Colt.
Chapter 7
Colt turned his broad shoulder and chest to avoid a pedestrian coming from the opposite direction on the busy sidewalk. Lilith walked behind him single file. Commerce filled the air and every corner of the busy market in the north district. The air reeked of inhalable vices and roasting meat from street vendors. Structural Integrity Monitor Robots clung to the outside of the dome some clung to the inside of it. SIMRS as they were so affectionately referred to could detect even the slightest fracture and repair it before it became a life threatening situation. Micro fractures caused by space debris and even dust were a common occurrence prompting the SIMRS into action almost daily.  The SIMRS also provided a very valuable service for the citizens of Ceres City. A day on the asteroid Ceres lasted approximately three hours. SIMRS made certain that sleep-time hours were dark by changing the opaqueness of the dome. They could do nothing for the darkness in waking hours but that is what the city’s sunlight grid was for. So twice a day the SIMRS would scramble across the dome like spiders activating the night or day sequence. The process was not instant and resembled in many ways the sunrises and sunsets of Earth. In just the right light SIMRS cast very large spider-like shadows across the city. Most people viewed the robots with the utmost respect and affection but occasionally a tourist or unsuspecting visitor would find the robots and their shadows unsettling prompting reports of invading robots. 
Colt nervously looked over his shoulder craning his head to get a better look past the throngs of shoppers. 
“Is there something wrong,” asked Lilith as she struggled to keep up with him. 
“Just seeing if we were being followed yet.”
“Are we?”
“Can’t tell…Too many people here.” Colt stopped at a street vendor examining the contents of their menu. 
“I don’t understand.” Lilith glanced around at the impatient crowd. Faces of all shapes and sizes studied them intently; some thrilled with the presence of two SDF Rangers others let their distrust show. At the very least they were an oddity. At most they were both heroes and villains. 
“We’re shaking the tree Lilith..You did see that we were getting resistance at police HQ…Right?” Colt ordered two Asian dishes from the vendor. 
“Yes.”
“I wanted to make a big show with the Mayor. Hopefully, it will bear fruit.”
“I understand.”
“I saw a vacancy sign on the way to City Hall…so we get to stay in the luxurious accommodations of the Golden Lamb resort and spa.”
“Spa?!” 
“I’m kidding.”
“Oh,” sighed Lilith in disappointment.
Colt handed Lilith a recyclable white container filled with savory steaming rice and finely sliced beef; or so she thought it was beef. “Here..You’ll like this.”
Lilith wolfed down the meal without question and indeed it was good. 
“Can I ask you a question?” asked Colt as he motioned for Lilith to follow him.
“Sure.”
“How did you get the name Lilith?...It’s a very Earthy name for a Martian.” Lilith laughed. 
“Lilith is not my true name. My master Milotonsto gave me an ancient Martian name.”
“What is it?”
“The proper pronunciation has a telepathic element to it. You would not understand it.”
“Oh…Does it mean anything?”
“Yes, it means daughter of the night or child of the twilight..depending on who translates it. Milotonsto suggested that I use Lilith for contemporary Martians and Earthlings…It seemed the easiest.”
“Why the daughter of the night?”
“I don’t know. Perhaps it was because the monks found me at night on the steps of the monastery. Milotonsto was also considering Moses too”
“MOSES?!” Colt coughed and laughed.
“I was found in a basket..From what I know now, I understand that I dodged a bullet.” Lilith brushed away a hanging vine from the nearby building’s aeroponics garden. 
“You certainly did…So why did you become a Ranger?”
“Perhaps one day I will be able to answer that but..not this day.”
“Just a calling?”
“I guess you could say that….a strong calling…What about you?”
“I guess that I was getting bored in the NYPD.”
“The NYPD is boring?”
“No..not at all.”
“I guess you could say that I needed broader challenges.” The street narrowed and Colt gestured for Lilith to go first. “It’s just that…well it was the same challenges over and over. The perp creates a problem. The perp does something stupid and I clean up. Most criminals make the same mistake and they all think that they are brilliant….Then there is the paperwork.”
“Are you being challenged now?” Lilith looked behind her to see Colt’s face.
Colt looked into the distance. “Yes..I guess you could say that I am.”
Chapter 8
Avatar took a swig of the warm beer that the one-eyed bartender carelessly plopped in front of him. It was late and yet the Apollo Tavern was filled with sweaty miners gambling and cavorting with working women. The sounds of pool cues hitting balls mixed with the sounds of miners singing tales of woe to create a frontier melody that would offend the least of delicate ears. Fortunately, neither Aki nor Avatar had delicate ears.  Avatar wiped the beer foam off of his mouth with his sleeve and glared across the table at Frank.
“I said better beer,” Avatar slammed the beer mug on the stained and wobbly table. “Not Piss.” 
“This is the best beer found on this rock,” replied Frank taking a swig from his beer mug and then holding it up to the light. “This is all that we have or will ever get. It’s a shame don’t ‘ya think?”
“It’s a crime,” injected Aki leaning into the table to meet Frank’s gaze. “A rotten, stinkin’ shame.”
“Finely crafted beer flows like water on Earth,” replied Frank still holding his beer up for inspection. “The lazy bastards sit around all day in their fine silk suits and the women in their puffy dresses…pissing the fine beer and fruity drinks…and who pays for that?” Frank slammed his mug on the table spilling some of its contents. “We do!..that’s who..and do they appreciate it?”
“They’re all whiny little brats,” injected Reg. “With their hands out.” Reg held out his hand palm up before smashing it into the table. Nearby miners surprised by the thud on the table turned to look at Reg for answers but went back to the revelry when Reg just shrugged his shoulders.  
Frank reached across the table and patted Reg on the shoulder. “My brother-in-law gets a little worked up about these matters. You’ll have to forgive his passion.” Reg ran his calloused dirty hand through his shaggy red hair; his Irish ancestry hidden under the layers of mine dust. His shocking blue eyes pierced the hazy darkness of the tavern; the only refuge of color on a seemingly colorless face.
“I would still rather be here on the edge of space,” said Avatar “Than having them tell me what to do.” 
“I like the way you think,” snickered Frank. A crooked smile crept across his dirty face showing the distinct deep lines of a hard working man. 
Aki pushed the front of his rickety, stained wooden chair back so that he balanced himself on the two back legs. Reg watched in amazement as Aki held his balance without any support. “I thought we were meeting someone,” asked Aki.
“They should be here….,” replied Reg. Reg’s head snapped around before he could finish the sentence. “Ahh… speak of the devil.” He lifted his beer mug up to signal two men as they entered the bar. The two acknowledged Reg’s gesture from across the crowded room. Unlike most of the patrons in the Apollo these men were clean. Both men were of Asian descent. Their perfectly groomed dark hair was slicked back and duck-tailed in the back. Both wore clean Khaki pants and worn brown bomber jackets. The tallest of the men pushed forward through the crowd. The light from the bare light bulbs mounted on the ceiling cast a shadow over the man’s face highlighting his deep set brown eyes and sharp nose. Each step they took with their heavy brown leather boots made distinctive thud sounds on the floor. Aki looked them both up and down as they pushed past the miners to reach the table. He noted that their shoes were clean and unscuffed.  It was not something that he saw a lot of in these parts. He noted a certain musical rhythm to their gait and a military uniformity. The two men grabbed chairs and flipped them around so that when they sat down they straddled the chairs. Without hesitation the four men exchanged hearty handshakes and pleasant insults. Reg motioned the one-eyed bartender to bring two additional beers. The bartender motioned back in acknowledgement of the order before darting to another group of thirsty miners. 
“So.. who do we have here?” said the tallest man as he turned slightly in his chair to face Aki and Avatar. 
“Major.. meet Christian and Aki,” as he pointed to Avatar and Aki. “I think you will find them very promising recruits.” Aki and Avatar looked at each other puzzled as the tall man examined them both with a critical eye; neither were thrilled about being the subject of such scrutiny and they let their displeasure show on their faces. Tension mixed with the smoke and dust in the air, clinging to the patrons at the table and broken only by the arrival of the one-eyed bartender fulfilling the drink order. The tall man tossed his head back and laughed heartily knocking loose a strand of greased black hair. 
“Distrust..” laughed the tall man. “..a useful trait.” The tall man took a swig of beer keeping his gaze locked on Aki and Avatar. 
“Air Force?” inquired Aki. “You’re a long way from a base.”
The tall man shrugged off the comment with a mere raise of his eyebrow choosing to ignore the prod for more information. 
“So what skills do you two have?” asked the tall man with a hint of sarcasm. “Besides, of course, being a beer connoisseur.”
“We have a job,” snapped Aki. “Don’t need another one.”
“The Major here pays better,” injected Frank with a soft tone of reassurance. “Much better.” 
Avatar took another swig of beer contemplating an appropriate response and taking the opportunity to read the tall man’s thoughts. Sadly it would require significant concentration and some time. “Well now that you put it that way,” replied Avatar breaking the silence. “Aki here is a top notch pilot.” 
“Air Force?”  inquired the shorter man. 
“I prefer the more… independent piloting jobs,” said Aki with a grin.
“I can work with that,” chuckled the tall man. “And what about you..Christian.”  The tall man’s deep set brown eyes glared at Avatar. Avatar bristled at the sound of Christian. He had always despised that name and the tall man added a touch of bitter ash to it making it all the more unpleasant. 
“Ops station,” replied Avatar with a casual fling of his finger in Aki’s direction. “I fly with Aki.”
“Looking to smuggle some goods are we?” asked Aki. “Some fine imported chocolate or building supplies? Or are we going the opposite way? Like fine exported minerals to say…Earth.”  Aki and Avatar glanced at each other and shrugged in agreement.
“I’m in,” said Avatar. “If the price is right..of course.” 
“One glitch,” said Aki as he raised his pale hand up. “We don’t have our ship.” 
“Confiscated,” said Avatar bitterly. “Didn’t want to pay tariffs on goddamn oranges.”
The tall man scratched his clean shaven chin and leaned his elbow on the back of the chair. Aki and Avatar waited patiently for the tall man to respond, hoping that the man would accept their premise. 
Grahish turned to Frank searching for an answer. “What do you think of these guys?”
“They’re the real deal,” replied Frank confidently. “..and they have skills too. I’ve been working with them.” The tall man scratched his clean shaven chin with his thumb and forefinger considering his options and taking his time doing so. 
“Major Grahish and this is Lieutenant Vasu,” said the tall man pointing to his shorter companion. The major looked Aki and Avatar in the eye and even managed a slight smile. Grahish and Vasu did not offer their hands for a customary greeting but Aki and Avatar were pleased nonetheless.
“Well, it’s been a pleasure,” said Grahish as he stood up from his chair. Vasu followed suit and stood obediently waiting for Grahish’ next move. Grahish turned to Avatar and Aki. “We leave in two days. If you two are interested in making some money be at docking bay 144..1600 hours…Friday.”
Avatar glanced at Aki expectantly. “I’m in. It’s not like I got anything better to do. No offense Frank.”
“None taken,” replied Frank laughing; his yellowing teeth appearing white in contrast to his dark and dirty skin.
“Sure, what the hell,” said Aki with a casual smirk and a shrug of his shoulders. 
“Then…It’s settled,” replied Grahish as he turned his back on the men followed closely by Vasu.
Chapter 9
Lilith peered at Colt trying desperately to read his face but he gave nothing to her he didn’t want her to have. His eyes remained staunchly locked on his cards not even giving a hint that there was another person in the dimly lit hotel room. 
“Two pair,” said Lilith as she hesitantly placed her cards on the table. “Call” Lilith squirmed in her seat when Colt did not respond. Colt knew that the silence would make Lilith uncomfortable so he waited and watched as she became increasingly impatient. Lilith tried to be still but her body betrayed her. She bit her lip in frustration and tapped the table with her finger. Realizing this unwanted behavior, Lilith leaned back in her chair and crossed her arms so at least her limbs would not betray her. Colt smiled and placed his cards on the table, amused by his own scheme.
“Three ducks,” said Colt as he gathered IOU’s from the center of the table. 
“I give up,” said Lilith as she stood up from her chair and raising her hands in the air. “I already have to do the next two reports. That’s enough for now.”
“If you don’t mind me saying Lilith…,” Replied Colt with a hint of glee and a slight chuckle. “You are terrible at Poker.” 
“Yeah…Well,” said Lilith struggling for a response. “All right..I admit you Earthmen are hard to understand. Our ways are different…More direct…We don’t value deception.” Lilith uncrossed her arms and walked to the window. It was the only window in the entire Golden Lamb Inn and Lilith and Colt had to pay extra for it. To be able to somewhat see people approaching the Inn was worth it.
“Ouch!” replied Colt stiffening at the insult. “Well at least we are not boring. Have you been to Mars lately?”
Lilith’s face softened at the realization of the impact of her words.  “I am sorry,” said Lilith “I still have much to learn about Earthmen. You are very….complex. My words were out of line.” Colt smiled reassuringly as he got up from his chair to meet up with Lilith at the window. 
“Forget it,” said Colt putting his hand on her shoulder. Lilith noted that his hand was warm, comforting and his hazel eyes inviting. Colt’s hand slowly dropped from her shoulder caressing her arm as it made its way down. Lilith turned her body to face Colt. She searched his face for the meaning in his caress. Colt was smiling and his eyes were locked on hers. His eyebrows arched upward ever so slightly. There was sincerity and an inviting warmth in his face that drew Lilith closer. It felt very right for a moment although brief. Lilith hesitated. What if this was Colt playing another trick on her or what if this was a casual gesture nothing more? “Things were so much less complicated at the monastery.”
Both Colt and Lilith stiffened at the sound of the knock on the wooden door. Like most hotel rooms in Ceres City this one was small. To some such as Lilith and Colt it was cramped. Synthetic dark wood tiles covered the small room with nary a rug or throw to be seen. Synthetic dark wood paneling embellished the walls with nary a picture or art of any kind save the window and symmetrically designed waterfall lamp mounted on the wall. A simplistic metal bunk bed and small table with two white padded chairs took up one half of the floor space in the room. Fighting in such a cramped space may prove to be difficult Lilith had told Colt upon checking in. Colt noted that all space in the city was cramped. Lilith despised relying on the armor built into her uniform. It seemed flimsy and in her eyes had never been tested. “Perhaps this will be the day,” thought Lilith.
Colt and Lilith straightened their uniforms making certain their belts were fully stocked with ammunition. Lilith drew her staff and extended it. Colt drew his .45 caliber pistol, hiding it behind his right thigh. Both Lilith and Colt eyed their SDF issued helmets majestically placed on the table next to their deck of cards. The cobalt blue metal helmet with the shining golden crest offered the only bit of color in the dark room. However, both Lilith and Colt found the helmets cumbersome and hard to see in so they left them where they were.
Colt affixed himself to the wall near the doorknob and Lilith did the same on the opposite side of the door. She raised her staff and braced herself for whatever danger lurked beyond the threshold. Her sense of danger had never let her down. It was a skill that she was grateful for as she was able to avoid certain death on more than one occasion simply by knowing events seconds before they occurred. Her instincts were quiet now. Lilith shrugged it off as simply an oversight; certain there was danger beyond the flimsy door. 
Colt turned the knob and slowly opened the door to find Officer Park. She was about to knock again. Colt cleared his throat, surprised and even shocked at the lack of peril that seemed to follow them. She stood motionless with one hand near the door and the other holding a folder. Her face did not betray her sense of bewilderment as Colt searched the hallway for assailants. He found no menace. 
“Officer Park?!” said Colt opening the door for her to enter.  “Please come in.”
“Is this a bad time?” Park hesitated.
“We always have time for you,” injected Lilith as she stepped out from behind the door still holding her staff at the ready. 
“I just..I stopped by to give you the report that you requested,” Officer Park cautiously stepped into the cramped dark room. Colt offered her a chair next to the table and sat down next to her, taking the folder gently from her hand. He dropped it on the table and began to rummage through its contents separating the paperwork into meaningful piles.
“I hope that you find something in this report that will be of use,” Park glanced at Lilith with a look of sincerity. “We certainly are not as good as you Rangers but we get the job done when so inclined.” 
“What were the findings?” asked Lilith as she lowered her staff so that it was almost parallel to the floor. 
“Well.. we..they found a pistol in his hand and a shot to his head.” Park stroked the corner of her mouth with her index finger. “It appeared to be suicide and since there was no other evidence to suggest otherwise…well I guess they had no choice but to close the case.” Officer Park diverted her eyes away from Lilith’s purposeful stare to take in the meager surroundings. 
“Officer Park?” asked Colt as he held up a picture; his voice cracking. “This picture indicates that the body was moved. See the blood is pooled in the body on top.” Colt pointed out gruesome elements of the picture of the crime scene with a detached tone. He noted that even in death Ranger Amanpour seemed in control. His shiny black hair was perfectly sideswept, his uniform clean and ironed despite the fact that he was laying in the dirt. His dark features were frozen in an expression of command; relaxed and vigilant. His own mortality was only an expression of the red stain on the side of his head. Colt smoothed the hair on his head near his temples with the palm of his hand. Not a hair was out of place but he needed to be certain. 
“Yes,” Park gently took the picture from Colt; her hand shaking ever so slightly. She examined the photo, turning it in different directions. “Consider yourself lucky. I wasn’t even supposed to give you that.”
“What?”
“I was told by the Mayor to give you a bare bones report…This is the extent of the investigation. And it’s not surprising our coroner did not catch that. We get what we can get but our coroner is a practicing doctor.” 
“Why not a coroner?” Lilith tipped her head to the side. “I am sure the doctor did his best but a coroner is more qualified to deal with this.”
“Her,” replied Park abruptly. “Our coroner is a she. Doctor Emery is a surgeon. She does what she can when she can but.. The department simply doesn’t have the funds for a trained coroner...I can’t even be sure that she examined the body..or if it meant anything that she did.”
“But the city seems well maintained and flush.” Lilith was confused.
“Yes, it is true the mining board pays a lot for the upkeep of the dome and city…”
“How does that work? The board I mean.”
“Well..each mine appoints a representative to the board and a sum of money annually for upkeep..”
“How long do they serve?..On the board that is.” 
“They serve for life….as I was saying. Very little resources are allocated for regulatory agencies, police and especially investigative bodies.”
“The mayor is in charge of the budget?”
“Yes,” Officer Park squirmed. “The Investigator in Charge was told to wrap up the investigation in twenty-four hours.”
“That seems very short,” injected Colt. “Who told the IIC that?”
“The mayor.” 
“This doctor…Does she receive grants from the board?” asked Colt.
“And a hefty salary…I looked at the budget.” 
“Why are you helping us?” Lilith was curt and unyielding. 
“I met…I met Ranger Amanpour many times,” said Park as she stood from her chair and made her way to the window. She paused at the window and stared out into the distance reflecting on her own emotions. “He was a good man. But I worried about him.” She turned to Lilith; an expression of deep concern on her face. “Look I didn’t want to say anything in front of the mayor but….Ranger Amanpour was determined to root out corruption on the board.”
“What kind of corruption?” asked Lilith. “None of this was in his reports.”
“Of course not….He was a smart man as well as a good man. He was being watched and monitored.”
“What was the nature of the corruption?” asked Colt.
“He suspected that two board members were corrupt and likely the Mayor also,” Park looked around the room as if she were being watched. She took one step closer to Lilith and whispered. “I think that William Jackson and Fiona Bahan are paying off port workers to siphon off ore shipments.”
“And what are they doing with the shipments?” asked Lilith. Park shook her head.
“I assume that they are smuggling the materials out of the port through the same inspectors and then from there shipping them off to buyers..mostly manufacturers who want a better deal…you know no tariffs, no costs excepts bribes..It really brings the prices down.” Park crossed her delicate arms across her chest.
“Have you told anyone else about this?” asked Lilith looking at Park with suspicion.
“Oh I wanted to,” said Officer Park raising her eyebrows in a gesture of sincerity. “Ranger Amanpour personally asked me not to…Razik…He didn’t know who to trust so he was conducting the investigation alone. He didn’t want me to get involved or bring anyone else in.”
“Including the Rangers?”
“As I said he was being watched…”
“He asked you not to get involved?” Lilith clenched her jaw jutting it out ever so slightly and squinted her eyes at Park.
“A mistake for sure,” Park swallowed the words like a bitter pill.
“Why?”
“Justice was…is as much my responsibility as his….I may be a glorified clerk but I am still a sworn officer of the law…but he didn’t want me to get hurt.” Officer Park bowed her head; tears welled in her eyes. “..and I was O.K. with that.” 
“Oh..You and..him…I’m sorry,” Lilith’s face softened and she put a hand on Park’s shoulder.
“I was afraid.” Park brushed away tears and made an effort to compose herself. “Razik contacted me the night that he was killed. He gave me photos of records that he…well..found somehow..I really don’t know how he got them. They were shipping documents.”
“And what is in the documents?”
“If they are accurate it showed discrepancies…Shipments are being siphoned off from some of the mines.” Park clenched her fist in anger. “Look….I can’t find justice for Razik…But you can,” She raised her head; tears clinging to her lashes. “I’m a glorified clerk but I am a really good glorified clerk and I can get you whatever information you need.”
“I assume that you have the records,” injected Colt.
“I do.” Park tucked a stray strand of hair away behind her ear. “The files are at the Ranger field office.”
“We searched that office,” Lilith walked towards Park meeting her gaze. “There were no files.”
“Did you look in the mail…recently?”
Chapter 10
Aki adjusted his dark goggles on top of his fire engine red head and unzipped his brown flight suit revealing his bare white chest. He squatted down on the carpeted walkway; his knees and feet pointed out parallel to his body. He flicked his long white fingers in an annoying gesture of impatience. 
“Relax will you,” demanded Avatar between the booming sounds of rockets taking off. “They are only ten minutes late.”
“I’m starting to think this may have been a set-up.” Aki stood up from his squat and peered across the busy space port. Spacecrafts of all shapes and sizes lined the black and white linear runways waiting for take-off. Lights flickered and then dimmed in a symphony of orange shades as rocket ships taxied to their respective docking bay. Aki’s head turned to watch the familiar hiss of a circular hatch pressurizing hoping that the ship docking in bay 143 may have something to do with their mission. Alas, it did not as a delegation of Venutian bio-engineers stepped into the walkway immediately admiring the view of space through the abundant walk-way windows. Aki peered off into the distance past the spacious port into the even more spacious commercial port where large crates of raw mineral materials were being loaded by auto cranes onto two large transport ships. Unlike the more sleek private and military rocket ships, the transport ships were clunky looking. Aki noted that piloting the large rectangular grey ship was akin to putting wheels on a mattress and driving it down one of the ancient pavement roads on Earth. He shuddered at the thought. 
“It’s not a set-up,” Avatar assured Aki. “My abilities may be off but I can still sense a deception.” Avatar’s voice trailed off to a whisper as two Earthmen approached them suspiciously stopping right next to them. The men, both of northern European decent, scratched their dirty brown beards and looked around them eyeing Aki and Avatar with confusion. “Grahish?” inquired one of the men.
Avatar crossed his arms pushing away from the rail that he had been leaning on. “Not here yet.”Avatar said in a brisk tone. Aki’s head spun around followed by Avatar when they noticed a mid-sized silver rocket-ship being taxied to their general vicinity. Aki hoped that this time the ship would have something to do with their mission. He breathed a sigh of relief when the ship turned to docking bay 144. “Finally,” Aki said under his breath. After several minutes of silence and the impatient murmurs of the two newcomers, the hatch opened revealing Grahish.  Grahish wasted neither time nor pleasantries as he beckoned the four men to join him on the gleaming silver rocket ship. Avatar led the way with Aki bringing up the rear taking in every little detail of the ship, for future reference. Markings on the outside were at the bare minimum; only the small galaxy logo of the company that manufactured the ship and a combination of letters and numbers to mark the model. The passenger compartment was minimized to make room for three crates bearing the familiar six pronged star logo of the Solar Asteroid Mining Corp. 
“Aki take the helm,” barked Grahish as he pointed to Aki and Avatar. “Christian you take ops. Let’s see what you two can do.” Grahish motioned for the two confused Earthmen to take seats next to Vasu who was at the communications station speaking in hushed tones over the radio. Avatar turned his back on Vasu focusing on the whispers behind him. In his mind hush tones became louder and louder until each syllable was perfectly clear.
“Four..Niner, Niner come in base…..Four, niner, niner come in base.”
“This is base go ahead four, niner, niner.”
“ETA two point five hours. Heading one four six degrees with an aft turn of thirty seven point six degrees at coordinates 122.766.875.”
“Thank you four, niner, niner. Do you have the freight?”
“Yes, we are flying heavy.”
“Roger that. FYI security patrols were last seen in the 277 sector heading back to Ceres. See ‘ya soon”
“Thank you base. We should avoid the patrols.”
Aki glanced at the crates with concern. He tipped his head slightly to the left and stroked his pointy chin. With the exception of the hairs that were pinned down by the goggles, every hair on his head remained upright at least one inch and no more than three. “How much extra weight do we have?” Grahish smiled with a cockiness that annoyed Aki immensely. 
“Can’t fly this boat?” said Grahish flippantly as he leaned both of his hands on the seat backs in front of him. Aki paused briefly to shake off the urge to shove his long white foot up Grahish’s perfectly toned buttocks. 
“I can fly anything, anytime, anywhere,” replied Aki with a saccharin sweet smile. “It’s the landing that may be a problem,” Aki muttered under his breath as he turned away. He took his position at the flight control station as Avatar took his seat at ops. 
“That’s what I want to hear,” said Grahish buckling himself into a seat; the snap of the harness a sour reminder of his unyielding arrogance. “The flight plan is already laid in.”
Aki and Avatar set about preparing the craft for take-off. The port was rightfully built on the edge of a deep and wide crevice allowing loaded ships several kilometers to gain enough altitude to break away from the asteroid’s gravitational forces, however meager. Aki hoped that wherever their destination the same care had been taken in designing the landing pad for loaded vehicles. 
“I think that they did,” said a voice in Aki’s head. “There is some sort of base out there and they seemed prepared for the cargo.”
“I hope so because according to the maps there is nothing there but rocks floating in space,” thought Aki.
“We need to get a message to Colt and Lilith. I think that I can distract Grahish and Vasu just long enough for you to get a message out.”
“Do it now,” thought Aki emphatically. “While we are waiting for take-off.”
Grahish rubbed his temples. His neck crackled as he twisted it in an effort to relieve the sudden pain in his head. “Too much stress,” thought Grahish as he struggled to keep his eyes open. “Just five minutes.” Grahish leaned his head back against the plush black seat and closed his eyes. “The rush of the engines will wake me.”
Vasu tapped his fingers to the beat of the music that played in his head. “I am your everything. You are my lady.” The catchy Earth song played over and over growing ever louder by the beat. “I am your everything.” Vasu tapped his feet to the melody and his head bounced from side to side. “You are my lady.” Vasu closed his eyes to enhance his musical experience.
Avatar wiped the sweat from his clammy brow and leaned back in the seat. His chest heaved as he struggled for air and a drop of blood dripped from his nose. Aki reached across the panel and placed his hand on Avatar’s shaking wrist. Avatar turned to see Aki’s concerned face. A simple nod indicated that the message had been sent. He could stop now.
Grahish awoke with a start. He sat up in his chair and straightened his hair with his hands slightly embarrassed by his moment of weakness. “What’s our status,” he barked.
Avatar cleared his throat and wiped away the blood before turning to face Grahish. “Just waiting for clearance,” replied Avatar with the utmost professionalism but chuckled ever so slightly when he noticed Vasu still swaying his head to the beat of the dreadful pop song. “So hard to get those songs out of your head,” thought Avatar as he turned on the loud speaker.
“I am your everything. You are my Lady.”
Chapter 11
 “What if there is corruption at the Earth port?” asked Lilith. “What if the port inspector is falsifying records and funneling ore shipments away…to the underground market.”
“Well Lilith..They have some pretty good safeguards there. It’s not likely but not impossible. I did ask a friend to look into to it though. In the meantime we are here.” Colt motioned for her to follow him. 
“Yes…But,” replied Lilith trying to catch up to Colt’s long strides. “What if…..”
“Lilith we are here..We have to either eliminate this possibility or catch some smugglers,” snapped Colt without looking back at her. 
“What if Park is lying? I don’t trust her.”
“Well..again Lilith..That’s what we have to find out.”
Lilith and Colt walked in silence struck by the view of the stars and asteroids through the dome. Smaller farming domes thick with lush green growth dotted the landscape offering the only bit of color on an otherwise dull landscape. Ice miners were visible in their space suits busily mining ice from the core of the asteroid. Ice miners made a comfortable living and provided a valuable commodity to the communities at large. It was, however, a dangerous job and not for the feeble minded. Failing space suits were usually the cause of most fatalities. Miners tended to over use them but many died from accidents in the mining process. Ice miners were revered in the outer asteroids.  They would receive special treatment in establishments and were often referred to as heroes. A memorial with the names of the fallen miners stood outside of City Hall in Ceres City. The wall had plenty of room for more names and was frequently updated. 
Lilith contemplated the complexities of the investigation. The lack of information made her quite uncomfortable leaving her mind to ramble with “what if” scenarios. Complex conspiracies were uncommon on Mars and when it did occur it was usually perpetrated by Earth colonists. “Simple,” thought Lilith. The perception of simplicity haunted Lilith from the moment she left. It was an element of life at the sheltered monastery that she would often yearn for especially during times of social discomfort. “So much simpler,” Lilith thought to herself.
The commercial port was particularly busy on this day. The loud whirring and clanging of robotic loaders assaulted Colt and Lilith’s ears making speech impossible. In lieu of words Colt simply pointed for Lilith to follow him to the office. Dozens of robots walked single file across the blacktop dock in a coordinated exercise of loading shipping containers from the rails and delivering them to the waiting cargo ships; repeating as necessary. The dizzying futility of a life walking in circles made Lilith’s head spin as she contemplated the tedious job of operating the robots. Perhaps it was a job with other perks. All five mines were represented in this load as noted by the corporate logos on the sides of the shipping containers. The robots were uniquely designed to fit the shipping containers on their body. Lilith could not help but see the resemblance between the robots and a walking bed complete with bedposts. The four thick legs were designed with numerous hydraulic mechanisms for mobility and stability; certain assets in the shipping industry. At some point the robots were silver, Lilith surmised but now they were just a dirty grey from perpetual use. The posts bent outwards for loading and then clamped around the shipping containers for additional stability. Long robotic arms with talons on the end guided the cargo containers along the conveyer belt bed until it was in place. Then they slowly lumbered along whirring and clanging with every step. Lilith, seeing that Colt was moving away from her, picked up her pace to catch up. Lilith and Colt Nimbly dodged robots to reach a space simply marked “office.”
“Excuse me,” Colt flagged down a worker who was leaving the office. “Where could we find the port inspector?” The man glared at Lilith and Colt in their clean uniforms and blazing sun badges. He was a sturdy man wearing dirty khaki overalls and sporting greasy brown hair. Or at least they thought it was brown. The man put on a greasy brimmed hat unsure if he heard the question correctly.
“There is no port inspector,” replied the man.
“Then who inspects the cargo and records it?” Colt shouted over the abundant nearby noises. 
“Nobody..I guess..we just put it on the ships..don’t care what’s in it or how much is in it.” The man walked away in disgust leaving Colt speechless.
“Well I never heard of that before,” said Colt curling his lip. 
“What now?” asked Lilith. Colt cupped his hand over his mouth in thought and paced the blacktop while Lilith waited patiently for an answer. 
“Well…hmmm,” Colt shook his finger. “There must be records somewhere…..Of course..The robots.”
“I don’t understand,” Lilith said in confusion.
“The robots haul the cargo to the ships and the port corporation bills the mines.” Colt smiled triumphantly and pointed to the tracks where robots were unloading containers from the train. “There is a number on each container that the robot scans. Then it receives orders on where to take it. In New York the port charged for every load. Soooo….they have to keep records.”
“Where are these records kept?” asked Lilith. “In the building marked office?”
“My guess is that they’re in the corporate offices.” Colt pointed to a two story glass building near the entrance. “Up there.” Without hesitation Colt turned and began the trek across the blacktop, dodging robots along the way. Upon arrival Lilith and Colt were greeted by a friendly female receptionist who informed them that they would need an appointment to speak with the Vice President of Operations not to mention a legal document compelling them to hand over records. 
“We should return to Ranger HQ,” shouted Lilith over the noises of the dock.
“Why?” 
“You heard her,” Lilith pointed her green finger upwards towards the office that they just left. “We need to go through proper channels.”
“Proper channels,” Colt clasped his hands in front of him. “Have you seen any proper channels around here lately?”
“Good point,” conceded Lilith. “Why don’t you create a distraction while I sneak up there and pull those records.” 
“Lilith..I hate to say this but you’re green in a blue Ranger uniform. You are uniquely qualified to create a distraction.
“How do I do that?” asked Lilith.
“I don’t know…Take your clothes off and run around naked. Every dock worker on this rock will come running to see that.”
“OK..If you think it will work.” Lilith began unbuttoning her jacket.
“Wait..wait,” Colt placed his hand over Lilith’s. “That was a joke..Let’s try something else..why don’t you start a fight with those guys over there.” Colt pointed to a group of four men sitting on a crate next to the open hatch of a cargo ship and drinking a hot beverage. “Just don’t throw the first punch oh and don’t hurt them.”
“How do I start a fight then?” asked Lilith rebuttoning her jacket.
“Insult them.” 
“Ok,” Lilith turned and began walking towards the men but stopped five steps away from Colt. “What would be an appropriate insult?”
“I don’t know…tell them their mothers wear combat boots..think of something.” Colt motioned for her to get going.
“I don’t understand,” Lilith cocked her head to the side. A strand of blue green hair dangled to the side. “Why would that be an insult? Would I be implying that their mothers have no fashion sense. My master Milotonsto always said never to judge people by their clothing.”
“Ok…” replied Colt impatiently. “Tell them what to do…There.. that will work. Give them orders and if they don’t obey..tell them you will write them a ticket with a huge fine…or better yet you will arrest them.” 
“Got it,” said Lilith nodding her head up and down. “I understand now. Let me know when you are in position.” 
“Yes, yes I will.” Colt sighed and shook his head. 
Chapter 12
The rocket set down on the landing pad of the small asteroid with the grace of a ballerina landing after a leap. Of course, lower gravity helped. 
“Do you see those two yellow lines?” Grahish pointed off in the distance. “Park it there between them.”
“Roger that,” replied Aki with a whimsical air of satisfaction and confidence. The silver rocket rolled clumsily to its destination. Upon arrival clamps locked the wheels in place and the section of runway between the yellow lines began to drop into a large room lit by red lights. A camouflaged roof slowly and painfully covered the room eventually snapping shut to create a seal. The room hissed as it pressurized. In virtually no time the red lights turned green and a bay door slid open revealing a vast underground hanger complete with fighter rockets and partially assembled fighter rockets. Aki careened his neck to get a better view of the hangar. Men in a sundry of different colored overalls bustled about the hangar most of whom carried either equipment or parts. Sprays of white hot solder lit up sections of the less sparse areas. A clamp locked onto the their rocket and pulled it out of the pressure bay; the massive doors closing as they were leaving giving the impression that perhaps the door may close on the rocket. With the precision of a well crafted time-piece the doors closed just after the last bit of tail exited the bay. 
Aki studied the ships for a clue as to their designers but found that the design origins escaped him. The designs appeared to be uniform or at least judging by the unfinished structures strewn about the hangar, they would be. The rectangular shaped crafts appeared to be similar to many cargo ships that serviced the outer asteroids but that is where the similarities ended. Extra crew compartments were added on and the cargo space was shrunk to compensate. Burly workmen in overalls steadied large plates of armor so that welders and riveters could attach the pieces to the hulls. Specialized workers busily attached large laser canons and power packs to the aft and port sides of fully assembled ships. Rocket thrusters on rolling stands lined the hangar in anticipation of being mounted. 
“Well what do you think?” Grahish stood up behind Aki. 
“I don’t recognize the design,” said Aki as he turned to find Grahish on his back. 
“I should think so,” replied Grahish. “I designed them myself. People will recognize the design soon enough. Come..I will show you all around.” Grahish pulled down the lever to open the passenger hatch and exited motioning for the passengers to follow him. Vasu and the other two recruits left the rocket ship followed by Aki and then the pale and weak Avatar.
“We need to get you somewhere to lay down,” whispered Aki as he reached for Avatar’s arm.
“No,” replied Avatar. “I will be fine. We need to keep up appearances.” Avatar shook himself out of his state, straightened his body and walked through the hatch. 
Grahish was several paces ahead of everyone with the exception of Vasu who was, as always, by his side. Aki looked back at the ship they arrived on which was now split into two pieces and being unloaded by auto-cranes. Grahish led the men to a bustling operations center at the far end of the hangar and introduced them to several members of the command crew. After customary pleasantries and tool comparisons the recruits were assigned crew quarters.
Grahish pointed to Aki and Avatar. The forceful nature of the gesture seemed peculiarly like an accusation. “You two will work on getting the engines and ops systems tested and functioning at peak performance. I will pay you three times what you received at the mine. You will have one day off a week. No alcohol or smoking on the base. Can you live with that?”
“Not even a little?” asked Aki with an echo from Avatar. 
“Nothing.”
“O.K.” Aki and Avatar shrugged in disappointment but ultimately nodded in agreement.
“Great,” Grahish pointed at the other two men and assigned them to welding duty. “Oh..and one more thing. There will be no unauthorized communications in or out of the base?” All recruits nodded in acceptance of the stated terms. “Excellent..Vasu show these boys their bunks and the mess hall.” Grahish flipped his finger in the direction of the crew quarters on the opposite side of the hangar before turning on his heels to leave. 
Vasu motioned for the four men to follow him. They walked in silence through the massive hangar stepping over high and low tech tools strewn about in a careless fashion. The air was fresh and rich with vital gases even in such a large space. Aki could not help but feel awe when he examined the carefully carved walls. He squinted to make out faint designs in the ceiling; a design of swirling rock embedded in the smooth metal rich wall. It was not something he had seen before. The precision of the perfectly shaped and smooth ceiling was an engineering feat that seemed oddly impractical for a construction hangar. Aki had been in underground bases before but none so well formed. Even the SDF moon base was uneven and asymmetrical with noticeable failings. Structures built in the main hangar of the moon base had to account for uneven rock and support braces. That was not the case here. Aki found no visible support columns or braces of any kind that is with the exception of rock crosses that lined the ceiling. He lost himself momentarily in a world of assumptions and conjecture. Perhaps Grahish and company did not build this and the real genius was the person who discovered this little gem. Aki turned to Avatar to point out his discovery but he seemed in no mood to talk about support systems and construction. 
Alas, they were led to the crew quarters. Vasu pointed out to Aki and Avatar two bunks with thin mattresses and a flimsy grey blanket. 
“Workbell rings at 0700 hours,” said Vasu as he was leaving to show the other two recruits their bunks in a different room. “It’s too late to start today. So take advantage of the time off and get some rest. The mess hall is that way.” Vasu pointed in the general direction and then left them alone in the empty room. Finally.
Twelve double bunks lined the wall of the room. Some bunks were made others were not. Some bunks a person, if so inclined, could bounce a coin on the tight bedding. Others would never see the coin again. Nevertheless, they were alone to talk strategy at least for a little while and until the ending bell rang. 
“My head hurts.” Avatar rubbed his head mussing his greasy sandy blonde hair. He sat down on a random lower bunk and leaned back, groaning. “I didn’t catch much on the walk over but I did notice that those ships are not meant to fly in an atmosphere.”
Aki chuckled at the thought of flying a rectangular ship through an atmosphere. “An invasion?”
“Of what?” asked Avatar. “Ceres?”
“Possibly…Maybe Earth, Venus, Mars..The Moon colony. Who the hell knows. Tell ‘ya what. You get some rest and I will take the time to scout around.” Aki unzipped his dark brown flight suit and oozed out of it. His stark white naked body gleamed in the harsh white lights of the bunk room. He shook his body with joy. “Ahhhhhh. That feels good.”
“You’re weird,” Avatar averted his eyes for the sake of civility. “I do hope that Lilith and Colt got the message ‘cuz we may need some back-up.”
“If not, I am sure that we can handle it.” Aki leaped to the wall and clung to it with his four limbs; his body immediately took on the visuals of the rock so perfectly it was as if he were invisible. “And I am sure that they can equally handle their end,” said a disembodied voice.
Chapter 13
Lilith had repeatedly been accused of being a distraction. In fact Milotonsto had pulled her aside on many occasions to warn her of the dangers of vanity. “You’re clothing should not be a distraction to the other children and the monks. We cannot attain perfect unity with time if you’re focus is on the aesthetic cut of your robe.” Lilith was proud of the work she did to turn her dowdy sandy loose robe into a piece of clothing that flattered her muscular figure. She had seen the design in an old fashion magazine and decided to copy it; working all night and overhauling her sparse room into a sewing studio. By the morning it was complete and perfect. She was so very proud of her creation until she walked out into the courtyard for morning training wearing her tight fitting, floor length, low cut gown. “You’re going to train in that,” laughed the other children. The monks ceased their activities staring at her in disbelief. But in fact Lilith trained in the gown that day and she trained well. The whispers and giggles hidden under a pretext of ordinary childish hijinks did not bother Lilith one bit. Apparently, she was too much of a distraction for them and she handily won all of her matches drawing praise for her focus. “Let’s hope I can be that much of a distraction again,” thought Lilith as she approached four dock workers drinking coffee and eating donuts.
“You there,” shouted Lilith in her best authoritarian tone. “You need to move.” The four men eyed each other in disbelief looking around to see if maybe the Martian with blue-green hair was speaking to someone else. Alas, she was not they realized. 
“Why?” asked the biggest man in a combination of sincerity and confusion.
“Are you giving me attitude? Because if you are I will arrest you.” Lilith put her hands on her hips and jutted her chin out.
“Ok,” the men said in almost unison as they began packing up their snacks and coffee preparing to leave. Lilith’s eyes widened in panic. Colt had assured her that this would work.
“Your mother wears combat boots,” Lilith shouted in desperation as she pointed to the largest man who appeared to have some sort of leadership role. 
“Yes I know,” said the man. “I gave them to her for her birthday. They were top notch quality too….What the hell is your problem?”
“My problem?! ..My Problem,” Lilith struggled to find another insult but could not think of one. “Wait…You gave your mother combat boots for her birthday? What kind of son are you?”
“She wanted them,” said the man in a deep state of puzzlement.
“Do you have any idea how she will look in those? Can’t you picture her lumbering around like an elephant?” Lilith was emphatic.
“Are you calling my mother an elephant?” asked the man as he stood towering over Lilith both in width and depth.
“No….Yes….No.”
“Which is it?”
“Would that be an insult?”
“YES”
“Then yes your mother is an elephant and you sir are the son of an elephant,” Lilith pointed to not only the man but the rest of the men who had, until now, been extremely amused by the odd exchange. The large man stepped closer as Lilith smiled triumphantly. The other three men closed: an expression of anger affixed to their faces. “Here it comes,” thought Lilith as she braced her body. She was not disappointed. 
“I have had enough of this,” shouted the big man as he back-handed her squarely across the jaw. “I don’t care if you’re a woman. My Mamma ain’t no elephant.” It was a meaty strike. Nothing to be ashamed of but certainly nothing that Lilith could not handle. Lilith could not help but feel that he was taking it easy on her. After all she barely flinched and he did not even muss her hair. Even Avatar did that. Perhaps she should return the favor.
Lilith smiled and with lightning speed landed a palm strike on his chest sending him back into the arms of his buddies who were gracious enough to catch him. The commotion began to spur the attention of nearby dock workers and robotic engineers. Lilith contemplated the value of a bombastic speech. Would it garner more attention?
“Do you really think that a puny little strike from a puny little man could harm me..Do you really think….” Lilith continued her bombastic speech as the men began to circle her. Workers ran towards the commotion, some placing bets and others cheering their friends. Lilith smiled proudly at her new found skill. The crowd shouted contradictions to her insults and an occasional murmur of confusion when her insult was not quite an insult. And Lilith continued, comparing her opponent to the lowliest Venutian blood slug and his buddies the feces of said lowliest slug. Lilith could tell by the reaction from the crowd that the slug insult was appropriately offensive. The comparison to an oak tree and chalk did not seem to have the correct response. The voices grew loader until Lilith had to shout. Then one by one the man and his buddies came at her and one by one Lilith either swatted them aside or gently tickled them with the back of her hand. Occasionally, for effect Lilith would toss a man into the crowd as he came charging at her. More people came to watch the show. More bets were placed. The voices grew loud. “This should be enough of a distraction,” thought Lilith. 
Colt waited patiently in the dark closet outside the reception room. His long legs had begun to cramp in the tiny space and he pushed two cleaning robots aside to make room. The air was stale and thick with odors of cleaning supplies and mildew. It had seemed like ages since he had given Lilith the OK to start. Perhaps she had failed and was unable to start a fight. Perhaps she did start a fight but was quickly defeated. An unlikely scenario thought Colt. Nevertheless something needed to happen soon before the receptionist returned from her lunch. 
Colt stretched a leg out once more and rubbed it trying desperately to restore the circulation. Is this what I have been reduced to? Colt chuckled at the thought. He graduated at the top of his class both at the Ranger academy and the New York Police Academy. He had been decorated for valor three times by the NYPD and had numerous organized crime busts. Yet now he was stuck in a cleaning closet at the edge of known space. 
Joshua Colt joined the joint military after WWIII quickly rising through the ranks of military intelligence. He was a force for good informing special forces on illicit organizations. His investigations were always fruitful; the resolutions swift. Colt took pride in his role as an agent of justice and each completed mission earned a spot in his book of justice; complete with booking photos and descriptions of crimes. Justice was why he enlisted but he quickly grew impatient with the bureaucracy and red tape associated with a large organization. Increasingly, he was required to file more paperwork; having to justify virtually every decision. Much to his dismay the bureaucracy would occasionally interfere with justice. One lost opportunity was too much for Colt to tolerate so he quickly became an expert at bypassing the red tape.  Reports and forms were handed in as required but wording was cleverly and subtly altered in such a way as to bypass interference from his superiors allowing Colt certain autonomy to get the job done. His scheme worked that is until a new commanding officer took over and called him on his failure to be a cog in the wheel. Colt earned a black mark on his record and a stern dressing down. After his scolding Colt flipped through the pages of his book of nefarious characters noting that justice was being served fewer and farther between. This would not do and he applied to NYPD after his term was served. Sadly, he did not fare much better in the NYPD and he was once again admonished for not working within the system of justice despite being the best investigator in the unit. Colt resigned himself to an unfulfilled professional existence until he received a call from a certain Captain Shaw who saw his independent nature as an asset for a job that had little oversight. Needless to say he jumped at the opportunity. However, the experiences had left him shy about expressing his distaste for proper channels and he rarely spoke of his reasons for leaving the NYPD and the military. Most people disapprove of avoiding proper channels. 
Colt quickly sprung into action when he heard a commotion in the lobby. Three men ran past the door. “Get down there,” shouted one man. “Find out what the hell is going on down there.” Their voices and footsteps trailed away as they made their way down the stairs. Colt counted the footsteps. “Three people. Perfect!” He happily left his sanctuary and ran towards the office of the vice president; the circulation slowly returning to his legs. Colt had seen these set-ups before so he knew exactly what computer controlled the robots and there were more than one. A worn green chair with the buttocks indentation of the last recent occupant on the cushion still spun from when that person left in haste.  Colt quietly closed the door and sat down in the chair. He lifted the reams of paper command records going back two to three weeks and hoisted them onto the desk. All of the five major mining corporations were represented in the records and many, many trips were made. Ceres City could not boast the busiest port in the solar system but a respectable amount of goods went through it. In fact, they preferred to think of their port as a gateway to the most important cargo. He scrolled through page after page of commands. Nothing. It was not until Colt reached the records for the last robot on file, serial number 48977-7jgi9867, that he was able to find useful information. The robots commands had been over-ridden by the none other than the Vice President himself to deliver three crates of ore to a private spacecraft. “Ah-hah,” said Colt smiling. “What do we have here?” Colt investigated the entry further. The slip occurred just hours before and then another one a week earlier and then a week before that. Colt tore the paper records off the ream and tucked it inside his jacket, repeatedly looking over his shoulder for the returning executive. Colt glanced out of the wide observation window to the dock below where many men in overalls were gathered around Lilith whooping and hollering. Many were not and the disconcerting look on their faces gave Colt pause.  He watched with growing concern inching closer to the window to better see the commotion. There were many men, any one of whom could shoot her in the back Colt assessed. He loosened the clasp on his .45 caliber pistol allowing freer access if necessary and pushed the chair aside before making his way to the door.  It was too late. Colt heard a familiar ding followed immediately by the whoosh of the elevator door. A loud angry voice echoed through the corporate office.
“I want to know what the hell is going on!” shouted the voice as he opened the door to his office. Vice President of operations Bennett stormed into his office followed by two other men with pristine white teeth and manicured hair. 
“Damn,” Colt muttered to himself from behind a computer station; once again cramped into a space too small for his long legs. 
“The Martian and her partner were up here not long ago asking questions,” replied one of the men as he nervously straightened his blue tie.  
“This is some sort of diversion,” yelled Bennett in a gruff voice. “You…get those men back to work.” The man with the blue tie nervously scuttled away. “You..get someone from the board on the line.”
“Which one?” asked the man with the gray tie.
“I don’t know?..The Mayor, Jackson, Bahan.. ANY one will do. I’m just not going to take responsibility for this one.” Bennett watched the man with the gray tie fumble with the desk communicator. He shook his head in disgust and moved closer to the observation window. “Goddamn Rangers you get rid of one and then two pop up. They’re like goddamn rodents.” 
The man with the gray tie put on his best corporate polite manner and relayed the information to a person on the other end. He nodded twice with an accompanying “yup” before terminating the call. “He said get rid of both of them.”
“Who?” asked Bennett. “Who did you talk to?”
“William Jackson, sir.” 
“That’s all I needed to hear,” replied Bennett as he sat down at the robot command station. “Grab a couple of security sentinels and find the other one. She is down there. He can’t be far.”
“Closer than you think,” thought Colt.
Chapter 14
Aki quietly scuttled along the wall of the main hangar eavesdropping on conversations as he went. A secret meet-up would be held after the work bell in one of the tunnels unknown to management. “Bring your cigarettes and booze stash.” Men passed on the information to each other via a daisy chain. “I may just attend,” thought Aki before he moved on to the ops central station. Aki moved along the wall like an invisible spider; nimble, quick, quiet, efficient and completely impervious to human perception. He had mixed feelings about this aspect of his duties. On the one hand the information he was able to obtain was invaluable and on the other hand he could not help but feel like a pervert spying on the private moments of anyone who happened to be nearby. 
Children of the Ghost Walker clan often played a childhood game of fetch the hair. The game was simple. Steal a hair sample from a Venutian VIP and don’t get caught. Of course, the more elaborate the theft the more points the player would receive. Aki was the best at the game; an allstar if you will. He started with local constables and moved up to the Venutian mob and then to celebrities and politicians. One day he managed to steal the hair from the President of Earth while he was making a speech. The President did not even notice nor did her security detail. It was a prize skill fit for assassin clan and Aki was the boy king. It was not until he grew into manhood did he realize that the samples were kept for “genetic research.” “No good could possibly come from it,” thought Aki shivering as he made his way across an air vent. 
The ops center offered Aki no prize information; only an occasional reference to what their plans were “after it was all over.” Aki waited patiently for an explanation as to what “it” meant. Sadly, that never came. He scuttled along the wall again and back out into the hanger noticing an open door invitation to an office. “People always say important things in an office,” chuckled Aki as he poured himself through the ten centimeters of open door. 
Grahish leaned back in his red leather executive chair and rubbed his temples. Gray steel shelves lined the dull office, filled with engineering manuals and plans. Aki perched himself firmly on the gray concrete wall above the gray steel desk. Then he waited. 
“Grahish,” said Vasu as he swung the door open and barged into Grahish’s office. “Have you seen the newspapers from Earth?” Vasu was a modest man with average height, middle age and no distinguishing features. His Khaki slacks were perfectly pressed to show a crease and his flight jacket, although worn, was clean and well fitted. 
“No,” replied Grahish as he sat up in his red executive chair. “Why?” Unlike Vasu, Grahish had commanding facial features; a firm square jaw and deep set brown eyes perfectly accented by bushy black eyebrows. He had intimidating broad shoulders and an egg shaped skull. His hair was highlighted by the occasional gray strand adding an air of respect to his persona.
“The headlines,” Vasu added. “Here read it.” Vasu handed Grahish a newspaper from a respected New York press. 

Skeletal remains of WWIII Emperor Chang found in China desert
Deformities stump scientists
The remains of what is believed to be WWIII Emperor Chang were found today in the Hami desert by a team of archeologists. The dictator was found buried in a deep grave miles from any settlements. Scientists could not immediately offer an explanation as to who buried him, cause of death or the strange deformities that the Emperor seemed to suffer from.
“His skull is deformed, much larger and longer than most humans,” said lead archeologist Nancy Yute. “What is most extraordinary is that the Emperor had abnormally long canine incisors and four functional arms.” 
Yute went on to point out that the Emperor’s bone density was “much greater” than most humans. It was well known that the Emperor was tall, reaching over two meters but…….

Grahish tossed the newspaper back at Vasu. “Rubbish!” he exclaimed. “Complete Rubbish.”
“It is hard to believe,” Vasu nodded his head in agreement. “I just thought you would like to see it.” Vasu smiled politely and dropped his head as he turned leave. 
“Vasu,” Grahish stood up from his red chair leaning his hands on the gray desk. He walked to the gray steel shelves and pushed aside several manuals to reveal a wooden box. “We have known each other since we were children. I know when something is wrong.” Grahish opened the box and gently removed a bottle of fine cognac along with two crystal goblets. “So…Did you receive a letter from your son?”
“I did not.” Vasu bowed his head to avert his eyes. 
“He will come around,” Grahish assured him as he handed Vasu a drink. 
“I fear that he may always hate me,” Vasu replied. “And my wife.. she grows weary of being married to a traitor…She deserves better….Tell me, do you regret your decision?” Vasu sipped the cognac.
“I don’t know..I wish I could answer that….Certainly the decision has had dire consequences. But you have to remember things were different then. Our people suffered as politicians sat on their hands doing nothing. Our families suffered in poverty and famine. The war was not going well for us..Do you remember that?”
“The Emperor was a tyrant,” Vasu looked Grahish in the eyes. 
“He offered a better life..For us..For our families..For our people…I wanted to believe so much that it was true…I didn’t..I couldn’t see what he really was until it was too late.”
“And now our families pay the price for our actions.”
“Not for long,” Grahish placed his hand on the design manual for the ships being built outside of the office. “We finish this job..collect our money and we can go anywhere. Earth settlements are popping up all over Mars. We can get a ranch with thousands of acres where nobody will know who we are…or care. You can bring your family…I will find a new one.”
“I fear it may be too late.”
“Your son will come to love you..respect you and see you for the courageous man you are.”
“This plan of theirs will fail,” Vasu said with great confidence averting the subject matter.
“Our job is to take Ceres City..Not hold it or govern it. In that I am confident we will be successful.”
“The board seems particularly inept,” Vasu replied.
“Overconfident is my assessment. There are already two Rangers poking around. The Solar Defense Force will not take kindly to a military take-over of an SDF colony. They will send more Rangers and more ships.”
“Two Rangers are hardly a threat”
“Do not underestimate the Rangers. Two are worth a great deal….Whatever the outcome, it will not be for us to deal with.”
Aki smiled with pride as he listened to Grahish speak of the Rangers. “It seems that Lilith and Colt have made a stir. That’s a good thing.”
Chapter 15
Lilith pointed to the large man daring him to try and strike her again but by now he had become wary. Three times he had hit her with every ounce of strength he could rally and three times he was rebuffed and the only outcome was a bruise not only to his body but his ego. The crowd parted for a robot on its journey to retrieve another load of cargo. The large man circled the Martian Ranger forcing the crowd to move back even farther. He circled and waited and circled again, hoping that an opportunity would present itself. It did. After years of meditation, contemplation and being one with the ripples of time; Lilith could now sense near future events. It was most pronounced in times of danger like at that moment. Lilith sensed the impending peril and tried to dodge but was not quite fast enough. Fortunately, her actions allowed her to deflect a significant portion of the energy. Even then she was struck across the back sending her five meters into the hull of a ship. The impact left a small Lilith sized dent in the metal hull noticeable only when she slid to the ground in a pile of blue and green. 
Colt seized the opportunity when Bennett was focused on his work to reveal his presence and detain him. Bennett did not feel compelled to comply and attacked Colt with the green chair that he was sitting in. 
“I don’t have time for this,” Colt struck Bennett square across the jaw knocking the green chair out of his hands and sending him reeling backwards. Within seconds Colt expertly wrestled Bennett to the ground and cuffed him to a desk. “That should hold you. Care to tell me where the smuggled goods are going or do I have to take you in for attempted murder, assaulting a Ranger…You get the point.”
“I want a lawyer,” Bennett replied defiantly. Colt’s eyes darted to the window when he heard a loud crack coming from the dock.  His face whitened when he saw Lilith lying on the blacktop stunned. The crowd had parted giving a cargo robot that was advancing on Lilith plenty of berth, its arm oscillating and claws snapping. Many men looked on in horror and bewilderment others ran away. It was enough to spur Colt into action. 
“It’s too late,” Shouted Bennett as Colt jumped over him and sprinted towards the door. Sadly, it was in fact too late. Colt opened the door and immediately ducked to avoid being hit by a rocket pistol round. The wooden door jam sizzled and smoke oozed from the blackened hole where Colt’s head had once been. Colt closed the door with his foot and assessed the room for cover. A nearby thick wooden and brushed aluminum desk nestled between a bookshelf and a brushed aluminum file cabinet made for a sturdy defense against the rocket blitz. Colt dove for the desk accidentally knocking over the file cabinet in his aggressive dive for cover. The cabinet slammed to the floor spilling its inner contents. The noise prompted the frenzied attackers to fire blindly away at the door leaving scorching black reminders of their intent.   Colt quickly moved Bennett behind a computer tower and pushed the desk in front of the door leaving a space three centimeters wide. “A mirror; I need a mirror.” Colt snatched a holographic desk ornament and smashed it on the ground.
“Hey…I received that as a gift from the mayor,” Bennett shouted in protest. Colt paid no heed to the executive. He tied a piece of reflective glass from the ornament onto a back scratcher then scurried under the desk. He placed the glass through the space of the door in such a way so that he could see into reception area. As was anticipated the room appeared to be empty. He lay on his side and placed his .45 caliber pistol through the space in the door. He fired one shot into the flimsy wooden part of the reception desk. A man screamed and two more popped up from behind the thick metal corporate logo mounted on the front of the desk. The men fired two rounds sequentially. The first round went through the door stopping at the thick wooden desk that Colt was hiding behind. The second round missed altogether and hit the outside wall. It was in fact exactly what Colt wanted them to do. With the accuracy and speed of a man awarded the highest credential for sharp shooting, he shot both men. They dropped with a screech of agony and then silence. Perhaps there were only three. Even so they are probably still alive.
“Bennett,” Colt yelled. “Another way out of here how now.”
“There is no way out of here. This is it you’re going to die. Accept it.” Bennett struggled against his restraints. His formerly slicked-back hair now fell randomly across his pale skin. His dark gray shiny double breasted suit scrunched up around his neck making it seem as if he had no neck. 
Colt tapped the wall opposite the window. It seemed flimsy. The studs appeared to be approximately twenty-four or twenty-five centimeter apart. It may be tight but it just may work.
“Stop him,” shouted Bennett. “He’s going into…” A foot landed across his face rather abruptly before he could finish his warning. Another foot landed in his stomach. Bennett tipped over unable to breath and bleeding. 
“Not another word,” Colt warned but Bennett heard nothing. He instead found himself occupied with his compulsion for air. Colt pulled a standard issue SDF knife from his belt and stabbed the wall cutting through plaster and wallpaper until he had made a space for him to slip through to the next room. As he had anticipated the space was tight and Colt had to adjust his utility belt to fit but he made it through to the adjacent room. It was a similarly sized room fitted with wooden shelves and many reference books that smelled musty. Colt squeezed the brass door handle and gently turned it clockwise holding his breath as he pushed it open just far enough to see beyond. One man lay on the floor with part of his shoulder resting on the desk. He appeared either unconscious or dead. Colt could not tell. The others were nursing their own wounds; their backs against the desk and peering at the door to the other office. They did not see colt until it was too late. Shots rang through the office and blood splattered against the desk. Two men collapsed against each other motionless and bleeding. Colt stood over the pile of bodies as he reloaded his weapon. Dead eyes stared blankly at the ceiling. A pool of blood crept along the wooden floor until it engulfed the soles of his shoes.
Lilith heard the clang and then another clang and yet another. She opened her eyes and peered through slits at the approaching monolith. The robot was slow; painfully slow. She breathed life back into her limbs and aching back and shook off the grogginess. She stood up slowly and reached for her staff on her belt. After all, she had time. It was a mistake Lilith would not soon forget. With lightning speed the robot’s tubular arms and menacing claw grabbed Lilith around her waist before she could reach her staff or rocket pistol. The robot picked her up off the ground before it started to squeeze. Lilith struggled against the claw trying to pry it open before it did significant damage to her internal organs but did not budge the claw even an inch.  She continued to struggle as the robot slowly lumbered towards a nearby airlock. Lilith shouted in triumph as she extricated one arm from the iron grip of the robot; her joy tempered by the ripping of her sleeve. Wasting no time she reached for her pistol and fired two rocket rounds at the robot’s arm joint. The arm short circuited and fell limp to the ground freeing Lilith from its grasp. She raised her pistol to get another shot off at the robot’s command module but the robot knocked it out of her hand before she could fire. Lilith pulled out her staff, extended it and charged the robot. “I’ll be dammed if a walking bed is going to take me out,” Lilith shouted in defiance as she leapt through the air her staff held above her head ready to be plunged into its command module.
Colt opened the door of the executive building exiting to the blacktop to see Lilith airborne. It was a sight he had seen before and he knew how much damage Lilith could do with that staff and it appeared that she would make scrap metal of the robot soon enough. Much to his surprise the robot swatted her away with one of its functioning arms. “Lilith,” shouted Colt as he watched her reverse course mid-air and fly back about seven meters. She landed with a thud on the blacktop skidding on her back another two meters. Colt’s feet moved without a thought. His pistol arm rose and he took aim and fired two shots. Colt felt the stab of pain in his back. He missed his intended target by a wide margin sending two rounds ricocheting off the blacktop and imbedding in the dome. His knees buckled and he struggled for air. With all of his remaining wits and strength, Colt turned to face his assailant raising his pistol only to have it knocked away. The man facing was him was large; a mountain of a man with curly black hair and dark skin and five-o-clock shadow. He wore the uniform of the port security officers that he had just encountered; blue-gray simple cotton unisuit with a collar and a patch denoting his security affiliation. He wore a utility belt with an empty holster for his rocket pistol. The pistol was in his hand and trained on Colt.
“Official Ranger business,” Colt sputtered as he mustered every available amount of air. He focused his thoughts to calm his labored breathing. Eventually the spasm subsided and he was able to breathe easier. “You need to stand down.”
“When you sign my check then you can give me orders,” snarled the man. “Now put your hands up and turn around.” 
Colt complied. He turned slowly but quickly and brought his leg around for a spinning back kick knocking the gun out his opponent’s hand. The pistol flew in about the same direction as his own. Surprised, the man turned his head to the follow the gun. “A stupid mistake,” thought Colt as he tackled the big man pinning him against the wall.  The move was meant to knock the wind out of his opponent but Colt fell short of his goal. The big man grunted at being slammed against the wall but that was all. His muscular chest provided far too much protection. Before Colt could retreat, the big man slammed him in the chest with a meaty fist. Colt hunched to protect his organs and fell backwards. The big man closed in.
Lilith sat up shrugging off the pain and humiliation of being swatted like a fly. The seams in her uniform struggled to maintain integrity amidst the onslaught. The heel on her designer black boot broke and was dangling to one side. The armor inherent in her uniform held up well and absorbed some of the impact but her legs and arms were scraped up. Her hair was no longer in a neat updo and fell loosely on her shoulders. Lilith quickly removed her damaged boots cursing in a Martian tongue at the outrage. The robot lumbered towards her dragging its defective arm behind it making a less than desirable scraping sound. This time Lilith waited for the metal beast to come to her. She stood defiantly in her torn uniform, barefoot and holding her staff to her side. The diamond shaped buzzer, as Lilith called it, crackled with energy. She was calm and focused. The robot stopped just in front of her and raised its claw to swat her again. Lilith dug the end of her staff into the ground and braced herself as the metal beast tried to strike her again. The sheer force of the impact made both parties shutter as the claw struck Lilith’s staff. It was the opportunity that she had suffered for. She raised her staff and went in for the kill. The robot sizzled as Lilith shoved the buzzer on her staff through the control module mounted on the front sending a surge of energy through its circuits. It whirred to a stop and the remaining functional arms went limp dropping to the ground. The hydraulic lifts on the bed released lowering the robot to the ground. The men previously gathered for a show retreated to a safe distance during the fight. Some had hidden behind large safe objects. Others retreated to the point that visual assistance was required to see the action. Many began to applaud the victor and Lilith enjoyed the moment.
The big man raised his fist to hit Colt again but left his belly open; no doubt a mistake but the big man just did not seem to be concerned. Colt hit him with everything that he had; in the belly, in the chest and finally across the jaw. The man staggered back. Colt kept up the assault until finally he fell; to one knee and then the other clutching his chest. Colt mustered all of his strength for one last blow, a side kick to the man’s head. The big man reeled back unconscious with blood dripping from his nose and mouth. He straightened, rubbing his bruised ribs with his bloodied hand. He scanned the area for more threats turning his back on his defeated opponent. SIMRS converged on the points of the dome where Colt’s bullets had imbedded and were actively repairing the damage. He retrieved his pistol buffing out the scratches on the barrel and grumbling at the indecency. 
“You don’t belong here,” shouted Bennett as he stepped out from the main entrance and without hesitation he fired a round from his rocket pistol at Colt. The rocket missed Colt but only by the smallest of margins imbedding in the dome behind him. The rocket sizzled and the heat emanating from the round created a black patch of scorched dome. SIMRS began converging on the defective area like spiders in and on a glass. 
“You’re going to kill us both.” Colt dove around the corner of the building for cover placing him even closer to the possible breach.
“You think that you are relevant?” Bennett fired again at Colt hoping to hit him when he had peeked around the corner. The rocket bounced off the corner of the building and again imbedded in the dome. Additional SIMRS scrambled to the newly infected area. “Do you think that your Earth laws apply here?” Bennett made no effort to defend himself and continued to fire. 
Colt ignored the desperate ramblings of a mid-level manager and tied himself to a nearby water pipe with his belt. “This is your last chance Bennett. Put the gun down and surrender.”
“Not a chance!”
Colt emptied the entire cylinder of his revolver on one of the rocket rounds imbedded in the dome. Cracks formed and spread along the surface of the dome before breaking open. Air rushed out of Colt’s lungs as he struggled to stay conscious. Bennett clawed at the pavement searching for something stable to latch onto. Debris bounced along the ground before being sucked through the hole in the dome. Bennett reached for Colt as he too was dragged along the ground towards the gaping hole. Bennett tried to scream but no sound came out of his mouth. With his last bit of strength he grabbed the edge of the shattered dome. For a very brief moment Bennett had hope.  The moment was short lived when the unconscious guard that Colt had defeated was sucked through the hole taking Bennett with him. Death came quick for both of them. Then they floated; in the cold, in the emptiness, in the silence. 
SIMRS quickly and efficiently bound together to create a plug for the breach while others worked to repair the dome. Colt undid his restraints and fell to the ground grateful for the sweet reconditioned air in his lungs. 
Lilith stood atop her prey like one of the great Venutian hunters; her uniform barely holding together. Smoke billowing from the control module that she had recently shorted out. Men and women gathered around her as she stood majestically holding her staff in one hand and another on her hip. She was an impressive sight and enough of a distraction that only a few noticed a breach in the dome. Of course it happened very quickly and far enough away that Lilith and her audience barely noticed the decreased air pressure and wind. In fact, Lilith did not see the disheveled and staggering Colt walking towards her. 
“Lilith!” shouted Colt with a touch of annoyance in his voice. The sounds of accolades and hollers drowned out his call. “Lilith!” This time he yelled with a touch of anger in his voice. Colt hobbled through the crowd of people; his face showing signs of his pain. Lilith caught sight of Colt. She hopped down off the bed of the robot pushing aside her admirers. 
“Colt?” Lilith reached for his arm. “You do not look well. We need to get you back to the clinic.”
“No!” Colt pulled his arm away from Lilith. “We need to go.”
“Go where?” Lilith was puzzled by his behavior. 
“Did you get the message on your communicator?” asked Colt.
“No.” Lilith pulled her communicator from her belt and watched as tiny pieces of it fell through her hand to the ground. 
“Aki and Avatar’s mission has taken them to a secret base on another asteroid.” Colt turned his back on Lilith and walked away.
“But I need to change.”
“No time,” 
Chapter 16
The cries always got to him. It was difficult for Avatar at such a young age to block it out and it was worse at night when the house monitor put the lights out. The orphans, especially the younger boys, cried. They cried for their mothers. They cried for a warm bed and a proper meal. They cried from their loneliness.  Mostly they cried for their mothers. He left. He had to. It was all Avatar could do on a cold Chicago winter’s night to find peace.
Avatar shivered as he walked the dark drafty halls of the orphanage in search of a purpose he could not grasp. He walked past the filthy urinals and mildew ridden showers; past the plush furnishings of the Headmaster’s office. Searching. So cold. He walked through dark hallways that he never knew existed. Hallways turned to tunnels and tunnels to caverns. He never escaped the cries; always the crying and the anguish. Why won’t they stop? Make them stop.
“I can make them stop,” said a reassuring voice in the darkness and in an instant the crying was gone. Avatar sighed in relief. He touched the walls of the strange cavern. They were warm. The warmth felt so good against his pale clammy skin. He breathed in the humid tropical air. So good. A light appeared; a street lamp standing vigilant next to the Castle Pub. Avatar pushed open the red door and entered. It was Sunday and the pub was serving his favorite Sunday meals and roast potatoes. Locals packed the pub eager for the first potatoes out of the oven. Oh the familiar faces. Those sweet inviting faces. 
“See..I made the cries go away,” said a warm voice. Avatar felt the presence but did not see the face. Such a warm voice.
“Who are you?” asked Avatar. “Show yourself.”
“I am here.”
“Where?”
“Avatar….Avatar….Geez wake up,” Avatar awoke with Aki standing over him poking him with his white foot. “You are really hard to wake up. Are you up to going to smoke cigarettes?”
“What? I don’t smoke.” Avatar sat up from the bunk.
“Well…pretend.” Aki was still putting his clothes back on while he was swinging from the ceiling lamp. “A bunch of guys are heading to some undiscovered tunnels to smoke. We do have to fit in.”
“What’ya find out.” Avatar stretched his body. 
“I will tell ‘ya on the way…Oh and by the way..Lilith and Colt are on their way. I told them to land the cruiser on the south node…I found a hole in their sensors and a small airlock nearby.”
“That would seem to be a security oversight.”
“Their loss. Besides.. I get the feeling that they fell pretty secure..Being on a rock floating on the edge of known space and all.”
“Sure it’s not a trap?”
“You’re being paranoid.”
“No one has ever accused me of being paranoid.” Avatar gestured for Aki to lead the way.	
Aki and Avatar walked in silence through the hanger; the remnants of the workday winding down to a simple cackle of laughter from weary engineers. They reached a disabled air vent situated behind bins of oar conveniently hidden from view. Aki and Avatar slipped past the loose grill into a dark tunnel gently encouraging the grill to stay somewhat on its hinges. Avatar retrieved his pocket flashlight and illuminated the darkness. Aki cringed as Avatar shone the light in his face.
“Sorry,” whispered Avatar reeling at the sight of Aki’s glowing eyes. 
“It’s all right,” but Avatar did not hear any of the reply. His attention was transfixed by the carefully sculpted designs on the smooth walls of the cavern. Swirling green and black designs flowed through the tunnels amid perfectly circular shaped stone. Occasional gaps in the swirls were filled with inlaid inscriptions of alien letters.
“What do you make of this?” asked Avatar shining the light all around him. 
“I’ve never seen anything like this before. Maybe Lilith has. We will have to get her down her to look…After we complete our mission..Of course.” Avatar heard nothing of Aki’s reply but nodded his head in agreement anyway. He placed his hand on the wall. It was warm, inviting to the touch. Like the door to the castle pub. He could smell the perfume of the pretty bartender and how he felt when she smiled. It all came back but there was more just ahead and to the left. The feelings became stronger. It was a simpler time in his life with simple, caring people. They were farmers and tradesmen; scholars and students meeting at the pub almost every night for their much needed social time after a long day of business. They debated meaning in life and universe over warm beer and spirits. It was a happy time; no worries, no ambition, plenty of funds and time. Avatar could have easily stayed there, married the bartender, raised a brood and had plenty of friends. It was almost a perfect fit. Almost. Stay for another drink and then another and another. “Why not?” Avatar convinced himself. “It’s not like I have anywhere to go right now…Or anything to do.” It was almost a perfect fit but something gnawed at him; perhaps a destiny unfulfilled or boredom. The day he left he did not say good-bye. It was a chilly winter night. He had one last drink, excused himself to use the restroom and never returned. 
“Avatar?” Aki called. “Where are you going?” Avatar did not hear the words only the warm feeling emanating from just up ahead. Avatar walked faster with Aki in tow.
“Avatar!” Aki scurried along the wall. “Snap out of it.”
“There is something there.” Avatar pointed ahead into the darkness; the sound of merry smokers getting further and further away. “I have to check it out.” Avatar continued into the darkness dodging ancient debris until the tunnel ended in a pile of rocks. 
“Well, this is as far as we can go.” Aki motioned for Avatar to follow him as he scurried along the wall back the way they came. Avatar did not hear a word. His attention was fixated on the smooth wall of the tunnel. Avatar gently moved his hand along the wall stopping occasionally at an alien letter.
“There is nothing there,” Aki assured Avatar. “I have good eyes remember. There is no seam.” Avatar stopped and for a moment Aki breathed a sigh of relief believing that Avatar was giving up the strange mission he seemed to be on. Avatar pushed a greenish black swirling stone inlaid symbol. A green light appeared on the wall of the tunnel highlighting a circular seam. Avatar pushed the symbol again and a stone door opened outwards revealing a dark cavern. A rush of dry, dusty, cold air swept over the Rangers. They shielded their faces with their arms and stepped out of the way of the thick stone door as it painfully and slowly opened. Despite Aki’s objections Avatar stepped into the darkness and shone his light on the ornately inscribed walls. Shadows danced around the dome shaped room hiding in crevices and around the alien corpse laid out on the grey stone floor. It was a well preserved body over two meters in length. Its dry grey skin pulled tightly around its large skull giving him the appearance that he was smiling. Avatar shone the light over the humanoid body and kneeled down to get a closer look. Dry grey skin pulled over the alien’s eye sockets like a drum. Large fangs protruded from his mouth. The fangs were much like a beast such as a wolf or bear but the receding dry gums of the alien made it seem as if the fangs were abnormally large. Because of the lack of tissue and fat, Avatar could see that the alien had a sharply angled skull with a chin and cheekbones that jutted out. Tufts of thick black hair sat atop the alien’s skull some of which had fallen creating a wreath around his head. Black stains on the grey marble floor lined the body particularly around the trunk. The alien’s muscular tissue had shrunk creating sharp definition around the skeletal structure. Bits of brown course material clung to the body and four arms. The alien clutched a blade in one of his four arms; ready for combat even in death. The pectoral on the alien’s chest caught Avatar’s attention. Grey skin still clutched the green metal plate around the edges. Dark green sigils inlaid in the metal danced and swirled like worms in fertile dirt stopping briefly to display an unfamiliar symbol. Avatar pondered the symbols. They felt familiar. They felt good like a thick blanket on a cold winter’s night; like familiar smiles and a full belly. Aki advised against touching the pectoral but it was too late. Avatar pulled the artifact from the clutches of the dead alien and watched as the alien disintegrated to a pile of dust and bone. Avatar placed the pectoral on his chest and winced in pain as his own skin grasped the alien artifact pulling it into his chest. Snippets of a life long past rushed through his mind; a war, an explosion, aggression and greed. Like a rush of cool air in a scorching desert, Avatar welcomed the presence. His mind reached out farther than he ever had before as his own limitations crumbled like the dead alien. 
“What the hell!” Aki reached for the artifact. 
“I’m O.K.” Avatar turned his shoulder so that Aki could not reach. 
“You don’t know what that thing is.” Aki pulled his hand back in frustration.
“Relax. You worry too much.” Avatar stood up. His mind reached out to Aki. He chuckled. Aki was an open book full of secrets. Perhaps he would read that book someday but not now. He had too much respect for Aki to invade his privacy. There were more secrets elsewhere; much more. Over a hundred souls with hopes, fears and ambitions flooded his brain. Snippets of conversations flooded in and for a moment the thoughts became overwhelming; but only for a moment. Avatar searched the base quickly discarding monotonous thoughts about bodily functions. One by one egos crumbled allowing Avatar a short glimpse of the real technician or pilot or cook. Some minds were easier to crack than others. Some like Grahish would require more effort. Then there was a Martian. 
“Lilith and Colt are here,” Avatar stepped over the ashes and dust that once was the alien. 
“Good maybe they can talk some sense into you.” 
“You’re being paranoid. It just helps me focus.”
Chapter 17
Aki tapped the alien view portal instructing it to follow the path of the small mining craft carrying Colt and Lilith as it tried to land in the rough terrain. The portal, although alien, was surprisingly easy to manipulate. Alien sigils lined the edges of the screen informed with basic commands that Aki quickly sorted out despite having no understanding of the language. The shuttle landed rear first and then the nose with what could no doubt be considered by any textbook, a hard landing. Then came nothing; no movement or happenings of any kind.  
“Is that where you told them to land?” asked Avatar grimacing. 
“Not even close.” Aki folded his arms and sighed; an impatient man taking no solace in waiting patiently. 
“Should we tell them?..We should tell them.”
“I don’t want to risk transmitting a signal. They are monitoring that. I was able to piggy back a signal last time…Can’t do that now.”
“I’m kin’da betting that the cat’s out of the bag now….landing in the wrong spot and all.”
“Still..We could get lucky and the technician could be reading a bawdry space novel and not looking at the screen.”
“We should probably get some more pilots…I mean you are the best pilot in the Rangers and all but having someone else who can actually pilot anything..might be an asset.” Avatar closed his eyes briefly focusing on the confused minds of the Rangers. “They just figured out that they are in the wrong spot.” 
“How did you do that? You didn’t have that kind of range before.”
“I told you it helps me focus.”
“I am not comfortable with this.”
“You’re just being…”
“…Paranoid! I get it. But that doesn’t mean I’m wrong.”
“Yes it does.” 
Aki adjusted the screen once more to follow the small mining craft as it fired off thrusters and repositioned itself above a small ancient air lock. Aki shook his head in disbelief, leapt onto the ceiling and scurried along the wall like a red and white spider. 
“Why can’t you walk like everyone else?” Avatar said under his breath in feigned loathing as he walked under Aki.
“I heard that.”
“Wasn’t hiding.”
Aki and Avatar waited patiently for Colt to position the space craft in the exact position to line up with the hatch. It was a process fraught with missteps and misfires. Aki cringed every time the craft inadvertently bumped the hatch. The construction of the air lock seemed sturdy but there was only so much of a beating it could take. After a seeming eternity Colt and Lilith emerged from the air lock only to be greeted by impatient scowls and disapproving nods. 
The mission briefing was brief; the exchange of information enlightening and information gaps disconcerting. 
“We need to capture a big fish or two for questioning,” Colt exclaimed.
“Agreed.” Aki winced at the slight hiss coming from the ancient air lock that Colt and Lilith recently emerged. Colt leaned against the cold wall stroking his almost clean shaven face watching Avatar stare off into the darkness. Lilith brushed a strand of hair from her face and straightened her torn and battered uniform as best as she could.
“Dare I ask Lilith? What the hell happened to you?” asked Aki examining Lilith with his flashlight. 
“Robots,” replied Lilith bitterly.
“I hate robots,” injected Avatar as he reached out to Lilith with his mind testing his new skills. Sadly, for Avatar, Lilith’s years of training in the monastery made her somewhat immune to his advances even now. Avatar sighed in defeat.
“So what now?” asked Lilith.
“We blow this place,” replied Colt with conviction. “Lilith, what did you bring?”
“Not enough to vaporize this rock.” Lilith’s emerald green shoulder peered through the torn blue jacket. Frustrated with the dangling bits of material vying for her attention, Lilith tore the one remaining sleeve off of her uniform. She flung it to the ground in triumph and kicked it with her bare foot. 
“You showed that sleeve,” laughed Avatar.
“Lilith..How much did you bring?” asked Colt.
“Enough to blow a wall….Maybe two,”
Aki tipped his head listening for the hiss that seemed to be getting ever so slightly louder. “We should probably do something about that.”
“Timers?” asked Colt ignoring Aki’s apprehension to being sucked out into space.
“Several.”
Aki raised his hand. “I found some chemical storage tanks. Rocket fuel mostly.”
“They are on to us by the way,” injected Avatar calmly.
Lilith’s raised her brow and cocked her head to the side. “How is it that you know this?”
“The real question should be how did they know about us?” Avatar replied with a sly smirk.
“I didn’t tell them,” replied Lilith indignantly. 
“He means that you landed in the wrong spot and not the sensor dead zone like I told you.” Aki glared at Lilith and Colt accusingly. “Right now we should focus on the task at hand. Lilith give me the timers and the explosives and I will plant them.”
Lilith reached for the explosives kit on her utility belt then hesitated. “You do not have experience with demolitions. Something could go wrong.”
Aki reached out his pale hand. “You mean like tipping off the bad guys? Lilith you are about as stealth as a goat.”
Lilith stiffened at the insult but handed over the explosives kit resigned to the fact that Aki was probably right.
“I think I can take out the main bay door so we keep fighters inside,” injected Avatar. 
“Is that the only exit point?” asked Colt.
“No, there is a loading dock also. We arrived through it.” replied Aki.
“I will take that out.” Colt reached for his pistol. “Is it in the main structure?”
“I don’t know about that Colt,” Avatar shook his head. “There are over a hundred people on this rock. If you take out that exit they won’t be able to escape.”
“So”
“So…They will die.” 
“They’re traitors. They’re building an enemy fleet.”
“You don’t know what their stories are.”
“It’s true. We don’t know who they are or why they are here,” injected Aki calmly. “Grahish is the one we need. Let’s let the rest go. We can pick them up later.” Aki squirmed in the uncomfortable silence.
“Fine,” replied Colt with bitter resignation as he reloaded his weapon.
“Good…Avatar can you take out the main door first?” Aki asked.
“Yeah.” Avatar nervously cleared his throat painfully aware that Colt was not making eye contact. “I think I can sound the alarm too.” 
“I’m afraid that leaves the both of you with the invading hoards.” Aki began removing his clothing.
“What hoards?” asked Lilith sincerely confused. 
“Robots. I can hear them approaching.” Aki leapt on to the wall stark naked and pale as milk save for a pouch that he clutched to his chest. “I am assuming they have been…reprogrammed.” With that Aki disappeared into the wall. “Good Luck!”
“Well Lilith it looks like we get the crap job again.” Colt placed his hand on her shoulder then walked ahead. “Stay close to me.” 
“Excellent idea,” Lilith exclaimed sincerely. “That way I can protect you easier.”
Chapter 18
Avatar slumped down onto the cold floor of the tunnel. Darkness enveloped his senses soothing his chaotic mind. The distant sounds of Lilith crushing service robots echoed through the caverns contrasted by the popping of Colt’s revolver. He tapped the pectoral lodged in his chest pondering the implications of making alien technology a part of his life. What would Captain Shaw say? Perhaps it is best that he not discover this tidbit of information. 
Avatar closed his eyes and focused on the many voices ringing in his mind. Men scattered throughout the main chamber in an effort to secure the base from intruders. Pilots began to gear up to fly some of the functioning space vehicles out of the main bay door. “This will not do.” With an ease he was not accustomed to, Avatar jumped from mind to mind looking for the right person, in the right place. He found that person; a technician of no great skill or intelligence or will for that matter. The technician was putting the final touches on a laser canon meant to be mounted on one of the spacecrafts. The technician had received orders from his commanding officer to fire on the advancing Rangers. He assumed that the original order had come from Grahish. “Good, he will be watching.” Dan, the technician, came from a large poor family in Western Canada. With little education and no future, Dan set out to make his fortune among the asteroids. While miners around him struck it rich, Dan did not. Grahish offered him a way out and he knew his luck had changed. Dan, the technician, struggled to make the canon operational. The power supply needed to be mounted and he had inadequate skills to do so. Avatar gave him some assistance in the form of a “suggestion” and within minutes the canon was ready to go. Dan was excited. He was going to show his superiors that he could handle the job. He could be relied on. After all he rather quickly got the canon ready. He was going to show those meddling G-Men what real justice was like on the frontier. Who knows, perhaps someday he could be a pilot leading a squadron of fighters. Perhaps he could be transferred to one of the other main bases. Dan, the technician, saw his opportunity for greatness. He could plainly see that Ranger forces had somehow opened the bay door and landed their Ranger shuttle on the landing deck. “This was it,” he thought. Dan fired repeatedly at the Rangers. Separatist pilots and engineers dove for cover as debris from the blast blew through the hangar. Several newly built spaceships smoldered in a thousand pieces. Surprised men shouted obscenities. Smoke filled the hangar. Small fires smoldered in wreckage. Fire suppression robots deployed to the site and the automatic air filtration system suctioned the smoke into space. Dan saw the destroyed Ranger ships scattered about the hangar; a certain victory for the separatists. Debris did indeed block the bay door but none of which came from a Ranger ship. Grahish ran through the hangar screaming at Dan and waving his pistol. “He has come to congratulate me.” Dan smiled; for the first time in his life he was proud. For the first time in his life he was a hero. That was his last thought before Grahish put a rocket round through his head; the illusion maintained right to the end. Avatar winced in pain as he felt the round enter Dan’s head. “Unfortunate..Most unfortunate.” Avatar rubbed his forehead in the same area where the round had entered Dan’s skull. “Now to the alarm.”
Aki scurried along the ceiling of the main hangar somewhat slowed by the pouch of explosives that he was clutching to his chest. It would not do to have the pouch seen. Aki nimbly dodged bits of flying debris from an exploding space ship as he scuttled along the ceiling unseen. “Good work,” Aki congratulated Avatar somewhat expecting him to be listening. He was not. Smoke filled the hangar assaulting his senses and slowing down his progress further. When the smoke cleared Aki could clearly see the familiar blank stare of the boy behind the canon. A crooked smile crept across his young face. Grahish raised the pistol and pointed it at the young man. Aki focused his mind on the weapon but it was too late. The rocket left the pistol before he was able to snatch it away. The boy dropped to his knees. Blood trickled down his face and across his proud smile. His limp body fell to the floor. “Dammit” Aki bowed his head in disappointment but startled at the sound of the screeching alarm. Red lights flashed as base personnel scrambled for the nearest exit. “Evacuate! Evacuate!..” repeated the robotic feminine voice.
“We need Grahish and or his lieutenant alive,” said a loud voice in Aki’s head. “There are other bases and I’m guessing he knows where they are.” Aki rubbed his head messing his fire engine red hair. Avatar had communicated telepathically before but his voice was now so much stronger and louder. “Understood,” replied Aki. 
The putrid smell of the smoke still lingered in Aki’s finely honed nostrils even though the air filtration system had removed all traces of it. Yet the lingering smell was distracting enough to make it difficult to distinguish scents.  Aki paused and focused on every sound in the hangar sifting through panicked voices as they boarded the several transport vehicles. Fights broke out and angered men pushed each other aside to be the first in line on the first ship to leave. Men packed themselves into the first shuttle straining the life support systems. Aki heard the sounds of the mechanical arms and doors as the automated system launched the first ship into space. If Grahish or Vasu were aboard that first ship they had not said anything. “Unlikely,” he thought. Aki focused his pointy white ears in the direction of his office. Nothing. Aki had last seen Grahish near the technician. The ugly sound of the shot that killed the boy still rang in his ears spurring bitter thoughts of retribution. “Justice not retribution.” Aki repeated the word, “justice.” Bright green arrows illuminated the way towards an exit that led into the tunnels. He rubbed his eyes in confusion. “Follow the arrows,” said a voice in his head.  The arrows began to flash and the words “To Grahish and Vasu” appeared. Aki shook his head in a combination of amusement, wonder and dismay. He held his breath as he let go of the ceiling and leapt across the hangar. Being away from the wall Aki became briefly visible in all of his dangling glory. Long white muscles ripped as he came in for a landing on the wall just above the exit. He landed as soft as a rose petal on a feather bed and disappeared into the wall once again with nary anyone noticing. He could hear their voices now deep within the tunnel and Aki pursued them.
Lilith wound up her staff and swung at yet another robot. This one was attempting to give her a lobotomy with its built-in hand drill. The last one tried to solder her legs. Thankfully, these robots were half the size of a human and had no means of attacking at a distance. Each robot was designed for a specific task whether that task was washing dishes or soldering, their basic shapes were similar. Barrel silver chests held tools of the trade and each time a robot approached it was a surprise as to what they would be attached with. The kitchen robot attacked them with knives and tried to slash Lilith with two paring knives. It met a quick death. The cleaning robot attacked with a toilet brush and a plunger dripping with feces. Colt was gracious enough to take that one out at a distance. Flexible tubular appendages allowed the robots to move easily but not fast allowing both Colt and Lilith to pause between attacks and catch their breath. 
Lilith piled up the metal carcasses creating cover for both her and Colt as they advanced to the newly formed entrance to the main hangar. The tunnel was narrow enough to allow only a few robots to attack at a time but it was clear that they had been converging from all over the base. Colt carefully fired at a robot only taking the shot when he knew it was good so as not to waste ammunition. Slowly, the robots descended upon the Rangers and slowly they pushed them back to where the tunnel converged with the main hangar. With each advance the tunnel grew brighter.
“They must have been pilfering these things for years,” shouted Colt between shots.  Lilith nodded in agreement and stretched her shoulders and back pushing the structural integrity of her uniform to its limits. Lilith impaled what was probably an accounting robot and tossed it across the tunnel and into two other robots giving her a moment to pause. 
“This is way too slow,” grunted Lilith. Lilith placed her staff in front of her parallel to the ground. She dropped her shoulders and head like a bull preparing to impale the bull fighter. With a loud yell she charged the robots. The light from the hanger caressed her green skin accentuating every muscle and every curve. Lilith plowed into the army of robots with her staff and advanced them more than fifty meters. The few remaining robots struggled to climb over the corpses of their fallen brethren. Lilith stood up and turned towards Colt confident that she had time before the advancing serving robot would bash her head in with a tea pot. Confident in the fact that her metallic adversaries could do her no harm, she neglected to look around the corner and into the main hangar.
“Lilith!” shouted Colt as he raised his revolver towards Lilith and fired. The bullet caressed her blue-green hair and landed in the thick armor of the combat robot now standing just behind her. Lilith heard the gears grinding and the whir of the hydraulics and the thud of the bullet. Her senses told her that there was an imminent threat but that warning came too late for her to react. The combat robot struck her on her side sending her face first into the wall of the tunnel. The impact knocked the air out of Lilith’s lungs. Her world spun around her and then darkness.
Chapter 19
Aki struggled to conceal the explosives kit and move effectively along the wall with any speed. In fact he had lost sight of Grahish and Vasu. 
“They have a secret hangar,” said a voice in Aki’s head. “With a secret shuttle…of course.”
“Well of course they do,” mumbled Aki in disgust. Aki put the blue canvas sack between his teeth and leapt from wall to floor, to ceiling and then back to the wall again. Each frog-like leap advanced Aki closer to what he believed was his unsuspecting prey. The hiss of two rocket rounds rang through the tunnel both lighting near Aki. A flash of a muzzle lit up a chamber approximately sixty meters ahead of Aki and briefly illuminated a sleek silver rocket ship. The rocket round barely missed Aki’s right thigh. The flash gave way to darkness once again giving Aki another opportunity to advance on the chamber. Another, flash from a muzzle and this time a rocket burned the wall near his red hair. He leapt across the tunnel to the opposite wall and focused his attention on the pistol peering out from behind chamber wall. The pistol once again yanked away from Grahish’s hand, flew across the dark tunnel and landed in Aki’s hand. The red hue of the recently engaged alarm lit Grahish’s stunned face. 
“Get in,” Yelled Vasu as a reinforced metal door began to drop threatening to cut off Aki’s access to his intended targets. The intermittent screech of the alarm echoed through the vast expanse of tunnels on the base mingling with the assorted other alarms also screeching. Not a single person on the base paid any mind to the new alarm. Grahish gently lowered his pistol arm to his side as if in complete acceptance that it no longer wielded a weapon. The expression on his face went blank; his eyelids drooped and his jaw softened. He stepped towards the door and hunched over as if to execute a dive roll through the open space.
“What are you doing,” yelled Vasu. “Let’s go!” Grahish stumbled back in confusion bumping into the space craft. He grabbed his head in pain and gazed at Aki who had taken a long leap across the tunnel towards the almost sealed door. It was, however, too late.  Aki aborted his leap a microsecond before the loud clang as the door locked into place. Then, once again there was darkness. 
“I tried,” said a voice in Aki’s head as he smashed his fists against the steel obstacle in anger.
“It’s all right,” sighed Aki in defeat. “We’ll get him next time. In the meantime I have a bomb to plant.” 
Chapter 20
Lead rounds from Colt’s .45 caliber pistol embedded in armpit of the lumbering combat robot. Sparks flew briefly followed by smoke but the robot persisted in moving towards the stunned Lilith. The shadow of the robot loomed over the unconscious Lilith as it stood poised to deliver a crushing blow. Colt opened the cylinder of his revolver to reload allowing the robot a very brief opportunity to charge its laser weapon. Colt fired on the robot again depositing the entire load in its torso and head. The robot paused. Its conical shaped head slowly but deliberately turned toward Colt. Menacing glowing orange eyes locked on him before firing laser pulses from its eyes forcing Colt to dodge. Sparks flew from his former fortified position behind mangled service robots. Robotic corpses twitched under the heat of the laser blast. Colt put his back to the wall in a futile effort to feel less exposed in the open tunnel as he once again reloaded. The robot whirred softly as it moved towards him. Colt noted that it was surprisingly quiet for such an awkward looking beast of over three meters. The robot raised its tubular arms in a bid to impale Colt with its claw-like arm. Colt rolled out of its reach and fired, hitting the robot in its eyes and face. The robot reeled back as white smoke gently oozed from its round eye sockets but it did not fall. In an instant the metal monolith recovered; white fire retardant bled from the holes in its face like puss. Colt searched his utility belt for more bullets but they had all been used. Shiny silver tubular arms reached for Colt; its claws snapping violently. He retreated back into the dark tunnel leaving behind the advances they had made. The robot pursued; its metal skull scraping the ceiling of the tunnel. The sound was horrid. The darkness engulfed Colt leaving him blind and nearly deaf from the sounds. A light appeared behind the robot casting its face in crisp shadows.  The robot jerked forward as a thunderous crack echoed through the darkness. The robot seized; a blue shimmer of electrical current illuminated its body. Then it fell. It fell like a Venutian Dragon would fall prey to a hunter and behind it was Lilith. 
“I hate robots.” Lilith stood atop her prey coaxing her staff out of the twisted metal and wires that once was the robots torso.  Lilith successfully extracted her staff illuminating the tunnel with the glow from her zapper. 
“Yeah..well I’m sure that they don’t like you much either,” replied Colt. 
“Let’s go,” shouted Aki as he breached the darkness barrier and moved into the soft blue glow of Lilith’s staff weapon. 
“Why? What’s going on?” asked Colt as he watched a naked and blinding white Aki leap over the robot wreckage and Lilith. 
“We gotta go. I set the bomb.”
“How long do we have?”
“Don’t know..I just pressed buttons.” 
 “Then how do you know it’s set to detonate?” asked Lilith as she and Colt ran down the tunnel chasing Aki.
“Oh it’s set to go off all right.”
“Where’s Avatar?” asked Colt slightly out of breath.
“He’s in the shuttle.”
“This is why I didn’t want you to have my demolitions.” Lilith stopped briefly to make a point by putting her hands on her hips.
“We can argue about it later!” Colt motioned for Lilith to move. 
Avatar was waiting for the Rangers as they climbed into the shuttle. All systems were ready for liftoff. All Aki had to do was close the hatch. 
“All yours,” said Avatar as he stood up from the pilot seat and motioned for Aki to sit. “I kept the chair warm for you.” Aki cringed at the thought as he lifted the shuttle up and away from the asteroid.
The asteroid was large enough that the explosion did not disintegrate the entire rock, only the section where the base was. Rock, debris and remnants of incomplete spacecraft flew past the shuttle occasionally striking the reinforced hull. 
“Mission Accomplished,” said Lilith softly.

Epilogue

“Well Lilith..When are you going to do it?” Avatar reached across the table to push the glass of red wine just a little closer to her. 
“I don’t know about this.” Lilith held the wine glass to the dim light above the bar examining its contents. “You gentlemen are a bad influence. The monks warned me to avoid alcohol.”
“Yes we are a bad influence,” agreed Aki. “But see I’m doing it and the world is not ending.” Aki took a long swig of his artisan Irish Stout but caught himself as he spilled beer down his chin and onto his chest. Thankfully his button down white dress shirt was unbuttoned and he would not need to do laundry when he returned home to Lisbon.
“Guys,” injected Colt. “If she doesn’t want to don’t push it.” Colt sat up in the booth emerging from the dark corner and took the drink from Lilith’s hand. His dark brown tweed suit rustled as he moved. His slick-backed hair glistened in the dimly lit London pub. 
“Lilith.” Avatar held up a folded piece of paper. “Do you see this eviction notice? I will pay all of your back rent if you drink one glass of wine.”
“That’s it? That’s all I have to do?”
“Paid.” Avatar took the drink from Colt’s hand and gave it back to Lilith. Lilith reluctantly took the glass and put it to her lips.
“Lilith…You don’t have to do this.” Colt leaned in to Lilith and put his hand on her hand. Colt could not help but notice Lilith’s dress. It was a common Earth fashion; a white eyelet cotton strapless frock with a matching white straw sun hat. Lilith’s blue hair flowed from underneath the hat and across her back and chest. The dress did not fit her well and strained to reign in her broad muscular chest and shoulders. Colt wondered how she managed to pour herself into the dress much less keep it on. Ancient Martian symbols of gold adorned her body which made the common ensemble seem quite uncommon.
“O.K.” Lilith sighed and raised the drink to her lips. She drank the glass of wine in several clumsy gulps. “All my back rent..right?”
“All of it.”
“Ugh.” Colt leaned back into the dark corner of the booth in defeat. “What’s next..Are you going to pay her to dance on the bar naked?”
“Don’t be ridiculous Colt,” replied Aki. “Get her enough of these and we won’t have to.”
“You guys are too much.” Colt shook his head in disgust.
“A most peculiar sensation.” Lilith began to fan herself with the eviction notice.
“Lilith what exactly are you spending your money on?” asked Avatar.
“Let’s see.” Lilith looked off into the distance trying to recall all of her purchases. “I bought this dress and the boots..I had to replace them..they got ruined …oh and perfume…”
“Have you spent any money on paying your bills?”
“No..I do not like the concept of money.” 
“I get that…but do you think maybe you should?..Instead of buying..I don’t know..expensive clothes that you can’t afford.. Pay your bills instead?”
“The magazines say that if I am to be a proper lady I have to dress like one…besides I like to it’s..glamorous.”
“Lilith..why do you want to be a proper lady?” asked Aki.
“It’s what Earth women strive to be..right?”
“Yes..but maybe that’s not a good thing.”
“Then why do so many women do it?”
Colt, Aki and Avatar looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders. 
“I got nothin’,” Aki laughed.
“Well that calls for some more drinks.” Avatar raised his empty beer mug to get the bartender’s attention. It was a small English pub with little seating, pleasantly worn wooden flooring and neon signs advertising the beers in stock. “Another round.”
“Well..you seem to know your way around this area,” said Colt.
“It’s been awhile.” Avatar glanced at the skinny young man behind the bar gathering their drink orders. “The Castle Pub has gone through a few changes and apparently a new owner..or two.” Avatar smiled to himself.
“So..Lilith you’re doing the report for our last mission.” Aki downed the last bit of beer left in his glass before the bartender arrived with a new round of drinks. “Have you heard any news out of Ceres?”
“Not much,” Lilith acknowledged the bartender as he placed another glass of red wine in front of her staring at it with suspicion. “The three board members have been transported to Earth for trial. New York I think. From what Captain Shaw has said they don’t feel they are in the wrong.”
“That’s interesting,” injected Aki. “Not surprising..but interesting.”
“I have heard that it’s been difficult to round up the people on that base we blew up.” Colt reached past Lilith to gather his fresh drink; scotch with ice. “The new Ranger unit there have found a few but they either don’t know anything..which is likely..or they’re not talking.”
“Grahish?” asked Aki. “Any word.”
“Nothing.”
Lilith downed her second glass of wine with everyone at the table watching in disbelief. “You get used to the odd taste.” Lilith gently placed the empty wine glass on the table. “Captain Shaw does not plan to give us orders any time soon to return to Ceres and find the other bases.”
“I think we should,” injected Aki.
“Bartender!” Lilith raised her arm to get the bartender’s attention almost falling out of her dress. “Another glass of wine.”
“This is your fault.” Colt glared at Aki and Avatar accusingly.
“Well she has to start somewhere.” Avatar nodded his head smirking.
“I’m not terribly comfortable with what I saw out there.” Aki leaned his arms on the table.
“Neither am I,” replied Colt. “A lot of resources were thrown at that operation.” Colt sipped his scotch. Bits of ice jingled in his glass. “The robots alone were not cheap and much harder to smuggle especially that combat robot…I can’t help but feel that some of the materials and supplies may have come from other sources.”
Aki turned to Lilith laughing. “I saw what you did to that combat robot….One whack of your stick and…it went down..Damn.”
“I was angry that it hit me.”
“Remind me not to make you angry.” Aki feigned dying.
“Anyway…” injected Colt with a smidgen of annoyance. “I think that we should look into that situation further.”
“Well.” Avatar adjusted his baggy linen white shirt to obscure the slight bulge from the pectoral lodged in his chest. “I can’t think of anyone more qualified than you to look into it.”
“It has not escaped any of us…” Lilith glared at Avatar. “..that you have a piece of alien technology lodged in your chest.”
“It helps me concentrate.” Avatar took a swig of his beer and averted his eyes from Lilith’s accusatory stare. 
“I may be new to your Earth ways but make no mistake about it Christian Avatar..I am no fool. No good can come from this.”
“You’re being paranoid.”
“We shall see…..Bartender!”




 
