It is cold out this morning, Yin thought, wiping the glass of her second story window. Her light brown paw made quick work of the foggy condensation there, clearing the view of the small suburban street outside. In a few minutes, she was heading out to the city to sell some information her father dug up from one of his human friends, but she wanted to enjoy some peace and quiet before she left. A hover craft sped by, two male humans sitting in the front seat, a Meregal, one of her own species, sitting in the back and seemingly subdued. Yin backed away from the window and adjusted her white knit sweater around her feline torso before taking the stairs down to Flynn's room. She opened the door cautiously, trying not to provoke a torrent of angry words.
"Flynn, I need to go to market today to sell your secret." Yin looked in to the human, Flynn, she called father, who was hung over from the night before. He coughed, putting his hand against his temple, and dropping the bottle of liquor onto the floor, spilling it all over the carpet. 
"Just a moment my dear." He mumbled, his breath reeking from the sour drink on his tongue.
Yin pulled the sheet off his bed and splashed alcohol all over his face, jolting him from sleep. She figured her best chance to make an impression was when he was suffering from the consequences of his actions.
"What did you do that for?" His words were slurred and angry.
"You need to wake up. I need your secret for market today, otherwise we won't have any money for the rest of the week." 
"You get fired from work?" Yin braced herself for what was coming next. "No good piece of trash can't keep a job for three weeks before they fire you." 
"I don't get my paycheck from the factory until next Friday." Her words were defiant, she'd worked hard at her new job, trying her best to keep the managers satisfied. 
"Oh."  He said, sitting up. He pulled out a small envelope and offered it to her, "I swear, if you lose this one, you'll have more to answer for than just a few words from me." Yin fought hard not to show the fear she felt when her father finished with a wolfish grin. She tucked it away in the pocket of her skirt, keeping her paw tightly against it.
"Flynn, when I get back, you'd have better fixed up this mess in your room. Otherwise, I'm not getting you anything." She tried to keep her voice steady, afraid of offending her father anymore that morning.
"Get out of my room."
"Flynn, I need you to promise."
He shook his head, "You aren't worth promising to."
"I want you to promise out loud."
"Out loud?" He pulled himself back up, "Alright, I promise to hit you so hard, you can't see straight for two weeks before I hit the sense back into your head."
Yin nodded her head quickly, afraid to push anymore, "I'll be back around noon."
"Get out of my room."
"Thanks, I love you Father!" She turned and left. Flynn spat in her general direction and picked up his unfinished bottle, taking another swig.
 
"I can't expect less than three pieces of silver." Yin placed the secret on the counter in front of the old man. "And three jots of copper."
The old man eyed her, "Why do you keep coming? I told you I don't want you here."
Yin nodded her head and pretended not to hear, "My father has found a very nice secret, you'll actually enjoy it quite a lot once you see what the media will give you for it."
"I'll bet I will." His voice was sarcastic, ignoring the envelope. "Yin, I told you I don't want you here anymore."
"Why? Just because I'm a Meregal doesn't mean I'm not a person!"
The old man shrugged, "I'm sorry Yin, I don't want you in my shop anymore, some of my better customers complain that I'm being too lenient by letting you in to do business with me." 
Yin glowered at the man, taking her envelope before leaving for a different dealer. 
The old man hated her for what she was and they both knew it. Prejudice had always been strong between the Meregals and the humans, ever since they'd come to Earth almost five hundred years ago. Some people were just better at hiding it than others. Her father, Flynn, was one of the few who thought the Meregals were more human than they'd been given credit for, but to Yin, being human was one of the last things she wanted to become. They were selfish and rude and they never did the work they were supposed to and, honestly, every time she wanted to work, the only reason they let her on was because city ordinances weren't allowed to discriminate by race, and such was only a remnant of a much earlier time when Meregals weren't even known to exist. Time and time again, the humans she'd worked alongside had blamed her for their mistakes, no matter how obvious they seemed to be and, in the end, she paid the consequences for their stupidity.
The next dealer threatened to shoot her before he kicked her out of his front door, throwing her flat on her face, and soiling the sleeve of her knit sweater. Yin glared at the man before he slammed the door behind him, leaving her out on the curb. 
The next was the same, and the next, and the next, until she'd tried everyone on the outer rim of the city. Yin loathed the only option before her, she needed to sell the information to someone who would take it, but the only way she could do that was by going down to the city in the valley below. She sighed as she headed back toward the lift that acted as the main source of transportation for those who couldn't afford something nice, like a hover bike, or an actual hover car. 
She stood in line at the old zip line, waiting her turn. 
"Are you here to see the city?" An old lady asked.
"No, I'm here to sell my father's secret to have money enough to make it through the week."
"Oh I see. Any chance an old lady like myself could see this secret for herself?"
"Are you stupid? This secret is worth too much to give away." Yin faced the front of the line.
"It would only be a peak young one. No one can get hurt from just a look."
"They can old lady. My father needs me to get it out before someone else does and I can't go around giving it up to old fossils."
Yin shook her head haughtily and placed a copper jot in the slot before sitting down in the hanging seat, buckling herself in. The seat dropped onto the zip line and carried her down past the towering structures of the city. She relaxed as the wind whipped past her face, pulling at her fur. 
Yin put her back paws down and pattered to a halt once she'd reached the ground. She unclipped the harness from around her waist and stepped down onto the street, falling to all fours on the landing platform before handing it to the retrieval bot alongside the return line.
"Do you know where I can find an information dealer?" Yin asked, approaching a tall guide tower on the side of the walkway.
"Hmmm... let me think... You'll find one just off the corner to your right, down past the old memorial and just next to the police drone."
"Thank you sir!"
"You are welcome, young Meregal child."
Yin hopped along the street, avoiding confrontation in the huge crowds. She'd grown used to enjoying the thoughtful contemplation of the info towers spread throughout the inner city, they didn't carry prejudice like the humans did and sometimes Yin felt like they were the only ones kind enough to be civil to her. A child screeched a few feet away, startling her from her reverie.
"You're late for my birthday party!" A little girl in a pink tutu screamed at her parents. They hushed her quickly and hurried along the road.
Yin watched them with quiet amusement, human children had always made her smile, they always seemed to say what was on their mind regardless of what they wanted. If only their parents were capable of making her smile that way, she thought, hurrying along the sidewalk. She sighed with relief when she saw the "Meregals welcome" sign in the window of the information dealer. It was getting warmer outside as the day went on and Yin felt happy for the first time that day as the warm light touched her face. She smiled to the man across the counter when she went in and handed him the envelope straight out. He accepted it reluctantly, but overcame his hesitation when he saw what she'd brought. He read quickly before pulling a piece of electric paper from a shelf behind him, and filling out several spaces with a stylus.
"You need to sign here ma'am." The dealer said, handing her the electric paper and the stylus.
Yin smile widened when she saw the shop owner's offer; seven golden talents. Seven. She signed quick and accepted the coins, counting them all out and feeling their weight with each stroke of her paw. The dealer had given her real gold, enough to buy a small car even. Her mind drifted toward the things she could buy, and she looked longingly into the window of the department store of robotics just across the street. She'd have to buy reasonable things of course, and her father didn't need a car. Yin left the dealer, her eyes caught by the display across the street. She'd always wanted a robot, ever since she'd heard of them many years ago, and a new cleaning bot was being displayed in the front window, with pink bows and a nondescript plastic body. She wanted it for her house; it could take care of her father, and with it, she could leave every day knowing he couldn't hurt himself or anyone else. She played with the gold coins in her pocket. Seven gold coins. Her heart raced when she thought of all the things she could do with that money, but she had to be careful. She dropped them back to the bottom of the pockets in her flowery pink dress.
She crossed the street and entered the robot shop. It was dusty and smelled like old oil but her attention was distracted from the pink robot from the window by a particular specimen across the room. It sat amidst a pile of many other oddly shaped robots in the clearance section of the store, fighting for space in the cramped quarters. A manager came in then and asked her what she would like. He looked down at her and frowned, noticing the fur and the tail.
"I would like that one right there." She said, pointing directly at the robot she'd seen in the clearance section. The store manager shook his head and hefted the robot from amidst the others. It seemed slightly bent up to Yin when he pulled it out, but when she gave him the full talent, the shop owner said he could fix him up.
Yin frowned slightly, the tag hanging from the robot's neck said it was only worth three quarters of a talent. She mulled over it for a little while but eventually desperation won out. 
"Make him work like new." She pleaded, "I need him to take care of my father while I'm at work, otherwise he's going to die in some stupid way because he's too drunk to know how to do anything else." Yin clasped her paws tightly in front of her and looked at him with her large, brown eyes. "Please." She knew she sounded like a spoiled child, but the emotion she expressed was real. She wanted him and she wanted him to work well, regardless of how it made her look.
The shop owner sighed to himself and brought the robot through the door behind the counter to work on while Yin waited anxiously at the counter. I hope he can fix him, she thought. She was so desperate right then to have him, all she could think of now was how important it was to have someone or something else help watch over her father while she earned the living he refused to work for. She felt time go slowly as the shop owner worked on and cringed every time she heard a drill or the sound of clanging metal. She hoped her robot was going to be okay by the end of the shop owner's renovations, but when he finally came back, Yin's heart leapt in her chest; the robot looked so perfect to her just in that moment she couldn't help but feel reassured that she'd chosen the right one out of all in the shop.
"Well," The shop keeper said, "I'm done. This little guy should be just fine for whatever you need. His internals were already in great condition, I just had to replace a few arms and give him a general clean up."
Yin's mouth crinkled into a smile and her eyes lit up as she handed him the gold talent.
"Thank you so much, my father will be so happy to have someone to take care of him."
The shop keeper just nodded his head and returned to his work room behind the counter.
 
The robot followed her home with a blank expression. It had large eyes set on top of a thin stock of a neck, under which several arms retracted themselves into the round, green body that ended in a set of wheels. Yin shifted the bag of groceries she had just purchased into a more comfortable position on her back. The wheels were going to be a problem if she or her father ever wanted to bring him off road, but this didn't deter the glow of happiness she felt inside every time she thought about the robot. It hadn't said anything yet, but Yin wasn't surprised, it will take him a few days to get used to being on again and she hadn't been informed of his history so there might be a chance of abuse sometime in the past, his arms shouldn't have been ripped off like that. She stopped suddenly when the sound of mechanical grinding ceased behind her, the robot had stopped to view some synthetic flowers in a small patch of dirt along the roadside. 
Yin was confused, robots don't have the capacity to be curious about things like this, and she needed to get home before dark. She sighed to herself and decided to humour him.
"What are you looking at?" She asked. The robot just turned to look at her before resuming his roll across the pavement alongside her. Yin sighed again and continued her way home, listening to the whine of motors pick up behind.
She pulled the latch from across her door and waved her synth card across the alarm panel, releasing the inner locks and verifying her identity.
"Well," She said to the robot as the door opened behind her, "This is your new home, robot." The robot blinked but stayed silent.
Yin frowned and ran the back of her paw across a small smudge on the outer casing on one of his arms, wiping it away with her thick hair.
"Do you have a name?" she asked. The robot looked down at the ground. Yin guessed he was shy. "Has anyone called you anything other than 'robot' before?" 
The robot moved it's gaze up to the house, seemingly ignoring her question.
Yin hid her frustration and went in, slightly disappointed to see that it hadn't been cleaned since she'd left.
"Father!" She yelled, "I'm home!" Silence met her and she stood still, listening for the telltale sign of creaking floorboards that would mean her father was just waking up. 
"Father?" She called again, moving toward their small, dirty kitchen. The robot followed behind her, seemingly afraid of doing anything else. Yin spotted a small note on the table, she picked it up. It was written in a mostly illegible script that her father used.
She felt her heart race as she began reading the letter.
              "Yin,
                            I'm leaving you to your own life. I've come to realize that I'm nothing but a burden to you and I don't want it to be that way any longer. I know that you want real parents, and you wish you had a real father, but I can't take care of you and you can't take care of me. I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking when I adopted you."
Yin covered her mouth with her paw, she was overcome with grief. Her whole life had been spent waiting for someone to come find her and call her family, and now that the only person she'd known was gone, she didn't know what to do. Slowly, she slid to the ground next to the refrigerator and cried. Her father had been the only source of comfort she'd ever received in this life. He'd told to her to go to school and she'd obliged willingly, but every day had been a struggle for acceptance. All the human children had laughed and scorned her because of her race and her father had been one of the few humans kind enough to listen, even though he was always half-drunk and never had a kind word to say. Now that he was gone, she couldn't hide behind him anymore.
She felt a small pat on her shoulder and looked up. The robot seemed to have the look of understanding planted deep within its eyes. "It's okay." The robot said, its soft voice echoing with the sound of deep regret. Yin choked on a sob, she didn't know whether to be angry at him or deeply grateful to have a friend who understood. She rested her head on her paws and let out the grief she held inside, crying from the depths of her heart the pain she felt of having no one in the world to turn to. Eventually she fell into a deep thoughtful stupor.
The robot had stood by her in silence as she slowly slid into her quiet brooding. He had been reawakened by her deep betrayal and stood tall on the tiled surface of the kitchen floor and he took the liberty of shaking himself into an attitude of work, surveying the dirty counters and the dirty dishes sitting in the sink. He set about cleaning the room, vacuuming the dust and polishing the tile with his round metal body. Yin held herself still in the corner, sobbing whenever she thought about the father she'd lost, hidden behind the sound of running water and the all consuming vacuum. 
Eventually, the robot moved on to another part of the house, leaving Yin to rethink her situation. She'd taken heart once the robot had moved on and now she could see the good behind her father's decision. Without him, she could sell her home and move on to a better part of the city where she can be closer to the shopping centers. 
No, she thought, they wouldn't let a Meregal like me take the home of another human. They would despise me if I lived anywhere near them. She sighed, she might have to move to another city all together if she wanted a better home. Even if she'd wanted to stay, there was too much room here and it would cost too much to take care of by herself.  That much she did give credit to her father for, he had always hidden a few extra pieces of copper from her work to pay the bills on their small home. But now that he was gone, she realized, there had been no way for him to pay the bills with the meager supply of coinage she'd earned. Had he been working a job while she was away every day? The more she thought about it, the less it made sense. 
So what if he had been working a job? What had he been doing this whole time? No one has ever mentioned it before, and neither had he. Had it been illegal? That would explain why he drank so much. He might have been trying to hide from the guilt he felt of working for some illegal corporation or city gang. 
She looked back at the note. It didn't make any sense, he'd loved her from the bottom of his heart. He'd even told her he'd loved her because she was a Meregal child and her beautiful face had tempted him to adopt. But why hadn't he discussed this with her? Even though he did some stupid things, he must have wanted to talk it out with her before he finally left. Maybe he wouldn't have had the heart to leave if he'd seen her again. Yin was sobered by this, it seemed as though, in the end, he'd cared too much about her to be himself and this caused him to commit to terrible things. 
Yin's heart dropped when she realized all of this had been her fault. It had been her from the very beginning, ever since her father had adopted her, he had begun making his stupid decisions that seemed so very improper, even from his standpoint. All of the things he did was to try and keep her happy, but she'd forgotten how to be happy and the only thing she'd found comfort in for days was the money she'd received for the work her father had done to get her a secret for the market. It didn't matter though, nothing did anymore now that she didn't have anyone to watch over her. She looked over at the cleaning robot who was straightening an old picture on the wall behind the couch. The robot could help me, she thought. She stood and approached the robot, wiping her runny nose on the sleeve of her home knit sweater.
"Can I call you Marcus?" She asked.
The robot paused and slowly retracted it's arms into the matching grooves on it's body. 
"I don't have a name." He sounded sad to her.
"Did you have one once?"
The robot looked at the ground, avoiding eye contact. "I was called Shiny. I love to clean."
Yin patted him on what she assumed to be his back, "I think that is a good name. Do you still want it?"
Shiny looked afraid and shook his head.
"Alright," Yin said, "Let's call you Marcus until you know what you want to be called."
He nodded his head and went back to straightening the picture on the wall. Yin had been hoping to ask him for advice now that her father was gone, but she felt it would only make him anxious. She went back upstairs to her room and curled up on the mattress her father had pushed into the corner, stretching on all fours before climbing under the covers. Her fingers curled around her tail and she held it tight against her chest, seeking some comfort in this mess of her life. She hadn't come up to bed to sleep just yet, she'd come to counsel with herself on what to do, now that she had a better idea of what might have happened.
I could find him, she thought to herself, but he wouldn't have me, he wouldn't have left if that were true. Maybe this is a good thing like he said. Yin shifted onto her side. I could start a new life, it would be hard, but I might be able to manage. 
She had heard stories about the Meregal colonies, whole cities of her kind who devoted themselves entirely to their own race, but she knew she could never fit in, even there. She had too much exposure to the human culture to know how to reconnect with her people's customs and she didn't know if she wanted to try. Here eyes flew open as something occurred to her, what if there was a colony somewhere out there that was dedicated to human and Meregal collaboration instead of racial segregation? She knew the humans had done it before, mixing the races of their own kind, but what if every city has become like the one she knew now? Just a bunch of humans hiding down in their great city, loathe to accept their Meregal counterparts except by city legislature. She ignored this possible revelation and threw the covers from over her, running down to the living room where her father had last put the micro computer she'd given him just a few months ago. She pressed the button at the center of the small, round holo-projector, and seethed inwardly as a password verification screen popped up in the air in front of her. Her father had been doing some naughty things on the connection while she had been gone, otherwise he wouldn't have had the nerve to try keeping her out of it.
She flipped it over and read the four digit combination scratched onto the underside of the disk. 
"23-14"
"Welcome back, mister Flynn." Yin sighed inwardly and covered her eyes, just encase anything strange came up.
"Is there anything questionable on the screen?" She asked. It wasn't so much a moral dilemma for her as it was a distraction to be exposed to so much human filth.
"Clearing all questionable content from the connection. There is a new message for you mister Flynn."
Yin had opened her eyes and felt a tinge of sadness when she noticed the picture of them sitting outside the synthetic zoo. This had only been a few months ago and she had been wearing the silver bracelet her father had given her, she grimaced, she had stopped wearing it when the humans at her school had made fun of her for trying to look fashionable. It was hard for her to think that no one would accept her for her race, it seemed like a human would have thought of it as a plus, but her life had been filled with mockery anyway. She drew her paw around her wrist before responding.
"Open message please." She ran back upstairs on all fours and found the bracelet among a pile of dirty clothes before coming down to read the message. 
              "Yin, I'm sending this to you in the hopes that you find it. I left a ticket under my bed for the three o'clock train to Jasper. Maybe you will find a new life there among your own kind."
Yin sat still on the table in front of the projector. It was suicide to return to her own kind, they would curse her for ever talking to a human. The train station was even set about a mile outside of the city radius and humans had been given a death sentence if they left their car. She wiped some hair off of her dress absentmindedly while she thought. It could be worse, I could be stuck here for the rest of my life, thrown into the streets and treated with a questionable tolerance until she died at the hands of some Anti-Assimilation group. She had always been called a cat behind her back by the other humans and she knew it was true. A giant, talking, civil cat that would find refuge in the home of an old lady who was too old to take care of herself, or the pet of some human family who wanted nothing more than a hybrid caretaker to watch over their children. I could do that, she thought, I could make a good caretaker if I could find someone who would take me. 
She opened a job site on the connection, and scrolled through several listings for Meregal employment until she found one about a position as a full-time maid. If only I didn't have to go out and find my friends. I'm pretty, she thought, I'm prettier than most Meregals and I should have made a few friends by now. She blushed to herself, I wish I had a boyfriend, even just some human boy who could love me for who I was. Her blush deepened before she wrote down the address in the listing. 
"Marcus?" She called, "I'm going down to the city before it gets dark, do you want to come with me?"
She heard wheels turning on the wood floor in her fathers room down the hall. Yin picked herself up off the table where she was sitting and went into the room. She had expected him to be looking dejectedly at the floor but he was looking at a picture of her and her father on the bedside table. Yin could hear the thoughts churning in his head. It was the same picture from the microcomputer in the other room, the one with the zoo behind them, the one picture she had ever seen her father smile in when he was with her. Was he trying to hold on to his love for me? Had he simply stopped caring and moved one? He'd become moody and tired near the end, maybe he only knew how to take care of himself when I wasn't around? Was he appalled that I was a Meregal? I know I'm not attractive by human standards, but I know I'm not ugly. Humans fall in love with uglier humans all the time. I guess my body shape isn't what the humans want, I'm just a round ball of fur, devoid of any human characteristics. Maybe I can change that? Yin shook her head, Even if she chose to change the way she was, she couldn't match the expectations of the humans. 
Her body was thin, and she was shaped like a cat standing on two legs, her back leg joints pointing backward instead of front like the humans. Her paws were small and set on thin arms that ended at a round, well shaped, feline torso, her neck blending into her body, unlike the human's, ugly neck that hardly looked thick enough to breath through. 
With triangle ears on the top of her head and a flat, black nose with whiskers remarkably similar to the human cat, she was, a very attractive female by her race's standards, and she took great care to keep her light brown fur in top shape.
She knew other Meregals she saw on the streets looked at her with great enthusiasm, but she didn't want them to. She had always avoided those who only saw her on the outside and she'd decided to find someone who would love her for who she was on the inside, distasteful personality and all.
She thought of herself as unwelcoming but she knew it was all in her head, her father had often told her how remarkably kind she was to others, but she only remembered the things she'd regretted saying. A vision of the lady at the zip line came to her thoughts and she quickly shook it away. She needed to leave before she started musing on all the bad things she'd done.
"Well," She said, "Marcus, I'm leaving now. I hope you can find a place to call your own here in the house while I'm gone." She paused, "Be careful." 
Marcus blinked and nodded his head as Yin turned to leave, pushing the front door open with her paw. It had gotten colder since she'd been out about an hour ago and the wind had begun to pick up, whipping the edge of her skirt around her ankles. She ran inside and grabbed her coat, threading her arms through the thick, puffy sleeves on the jacket her father had neglected to buy her last year. She kept a jacket fund for almost a month until she'd made enough to buy something that would keep her warm during the winter months, and now that she was finally back on the verge of winter again, she was overjoyed to look in the closet just to see something she'd bought to keep herself warm, just for herself.
She ran back outside and down the street, intent on getting out of the wind as soon as possible. The sky was already darkening and she needed to hurry if she wanted to get to the address in time. She tied her skirt around her knees to keep it from getting underfoot and continued on all fours until she made it back to the zip line. She sighed as she put another coin in the machine, sitting down on the harness before buckling herself in. Working down in the city would be a problem, especially if there were any anti assimilation members combing the streets. She felt like a fool for acting like a giddy idiot earlier today, no one deserved to be laughed at, especially for being themselves. She sighed when she recalled the attitudes she'd taken toward the humans, it was a culmination of both sides that defined the racial divide between the Meregals and the humans. Her father was a revolutionary in some respects for ever having considered adopting one of us, albeit it was more like purchasing a pet than an adoption to all the other humans who had anything to say about it. She tried to put her father out of her mind and focus on the task at hand, the house she was heading toward was well within the city limits, deep within the rich human neighbourhoods. Silently, she cursed herself, she should have called ahead before to make sure anyone was home. She stepped from the zip line once she'd reached the bottom and ran along the streets, keeping mental tabs on her location.
The house was easy to spot as she neared the destination on the scrap of paper she'd held gripped in her paw, it was huge, bigger than many of the other houses around it, with high, white granite walls and a big black, wrought iron gate keeping her on the curb outside. An intercom sat on a pole next to the gate and she pushed the call button, straightening her blouse and clearing her throat. She hadn't broken a sweat in almost five years and her father had always encouraged her to join the track team at her school, but she'd explained that the school had always been intolerant of Meregal children entering into any of their sports, it was unfair to allow her to race alongside the others, especially considering the differences in muscle type and stamina.
The intercom spoke, "Hello?"
Yin drew a deep breath, "Hello, I saw an ad online for Meregal employment as a maid."
"Are you here to apply?"
"Yes, my human father has left me and I need a place to work full-time."
"No need to explain young lady, I'll be waiting for you at the door." The gate buzzed and opened. revealing a long walk to the front of the house clothed in rich green grass, the real kind, not the plastic stuff you buy to make your yard look pretty. Yin was almost afraid to look at it as she tread across the gravel driveway. She sighed and tried to ignore the pins and needles biting into the pads on her paws.
The door was ornate, with vines inlaid with gold running along the outer edge. Yin looked up hesitantly, unsure if she was suited to working in such a well kept house. She drew her gaze back to the door when a handsome Meregal opened the door. 
"Would you like to come in?" His voice was smooth like butter and Meregal felt her heart pound desperately against her chest.
"Yes." She said, her eyes locked on the ground. This is not the time to fall in love with a pretty face, she told herself, I need this job and I don't want to mess it up with some stupid emotional breakdown. She forced herself not to get excited and followed the Meregal into the entry hall.
"Do you know how to clean expensive furniture or dust around wall hangings and shelves?" He backed into the sitting room, just off to the left of the entry hall.
"No, I've only learned how to keep after my father, but he was a drunkard and lazy and I've learned how to clean consistently." Calling her father out made her feel bad, like she was telling on him, revealing a secret he'd asked her to keep.
The Meregal paused and looked her over, taking in the silver band she wore around her wrist and her human mannerisms. He looked as if he were about to say something, but shook his head instead.
"Denice can teach you. Do you wish to live here or at your own residence?"
Yin paused before responding, she'd never thought she would be asked to stay, but now that she was being given the choice, she was starting to realize that this might be the one place she'd been looking for the whole time. She smiled to herself.
"I live alone with a cleaning bot I've just purchased. Would it be alright if I thought about it for a little while?" Yin felt stupid for telling him everything she'd said, it no doubt didn't make any sense to him and she doubted he actually had half a mind to take on a talkative maid.
"What happened to your father?" He asked. Yin grimaced.
"He left me a note saying he'd gone on to another life."
"Was he not your real father?"
"No," She said, "He was a human."
The Meregal nodded his head, "I'm sorry for your loss." Yin only waved away his concern, hiding her grief behind a vague gesture of dismissal. She still longed to know why he'd left, it was so unlike him to just take off like that. Even if his intentions were pure, he would have to have turned around and realized he was making the wrong choice by the time he'd been gone a few hours. Yin shrugged to herself, who knows, she thought, maybe he was going to be back when she got home, sitting at the table, reminiscing on all the reasons why he had to stay.
The rest of the evening was spent going over the various duties she was charged with while working in the house, all in the presence of the Meregal whom had later introduced himself as Denen, once he'd remembered to do so. When she left later that night, it was much colder, a small layer of frost having formed on the grass in the front yard. Yin had been excited by her time spent learning all of the necessary routines. The paper work had been difficult to fill out toward the end, her father had never told her many of the things they'd needed her to write, and she had to look up several things on the connection, but when all was said and done, Denen said she had the job, starting next week. Yin wasn't sure what to do until then, but she decided to start by quitting her other job at the factory, where she spent her hours working over the assembly line, assessing the production of hoverbikes, the nicer kind that only the rich customers could buy.
She tied up her skirt and drew he coat tighter around her shoulders, she needed to hurry if she wanted to make it home before curfew. She'd been tagged once by one of the city watchers and had to spend the night in confinement until morning and the memory still made her sick and she'd spent the week after afraid and cooped up in her room, ignoring school and letting the dishes pile up while the smell of alcohol grew stronger as the days went on. She ran as before, on all fours like the cats the humans love. It occurred to her then that she should buy a hat, such a silly thing to think about, but she wanted to look her best, and the words spring flower seemed synonymous. She growled into the wind, her fur whipping back, and bounded up the steep, rocky incline that separated her from the more comfortable humans down below. This must be how the ancient mountain cats used to feel, she thought, if only I had more room to move about, maybe I could feel like this more often. she pounced on a large boulder sitting above a steep drop off. Perhaps I could live off in the wilderness? There is plenty of room there to do as I want, instead of being confined to the strict standards of the human cities. I could find some hope at the Meregal city maybe? They might like me enough to let me in. The ticket father gave me is still there, it would be a shame to leave Marcus though, he seems nice.
She leapt over the edge of the decline and raced down the paved street toward her home at the end. She lived in a cookie cutter neighbourhood where everyone owned the same house, priced depending on the proximity of the house to the view of the city. Yin shook herself down and wiped her hair back and readjusted her jacket, untying her skirt to let it hang back down to her ankles paws. She flashed her synth card and stepped in, pulling her jacket from her shoulders and placing it on the rack next to the door. 
"Marcus?" She called, stepping into the kitchen, "I might be moving into another home as their maid, do you want to come along with me? I'm sure they would appreciate a cleaning robot like yourself, especially since you'll be working for free." She paused, "Then again, They seem more inclined to Meregal service, they might not actually take kindly to a robot in their home." Yin warmed a plate of pasta in the box oven above the kitchen counter and went back to her father's room, looking for Marcus.
He stood where he was when she'd left for the job interview, staring into the picture of Yin and her father on the bedside table. She turned back when she heard the ding, signifying her food was ready. It was strange to see the robot staring into the picture, was he analyzing their relationship? Had he never seen happiness before? She mulled it over while she twirled her pasta with a fork, He'd seemed very shy and uncertain when she'd purchased him, maybe she had paid for a depressed robot, abused by his former owner and scarred down to his very core. She would have to look into rebooting his personality.
"Marcus, I want you to come here." She said, taking a bite, "I need to talk to you about your former owner." She heard the telltale sign of movement in the other room, watching as he came around the corner, holding the picture at the zoo in one of his arms.
"What is this?" He said, offering the picture. Yin wasn't sure how to respond, momentarily setting aside her own question.
"Are you feeling okay? Do you need some time to power down?"
Marcus shook his head, his eyes closed. "What is this?" He repeated.
"I'm sorry, I don't know what you mean, what don't you understand?"
"This." He said shaking the picture as if gesturing toward every part of it.
Yin sighed and rested her head in her hands, frustrated to realize that she'd purchased a deranged robot.
"I don't know, My father took me out to the zoo one day and we spent the afternoon together. This is the last time I'd seen him so happy for a long time."
Marcus blinked and looked at the picture, "Why was he happy?"
"I don't know. I like to think that he loved me enough to be happy, but I don't think that's true anymore." Yin clenched her paw against the surface of the table, she didn't want to think about her father right then, she'd made the choices she'd needed to to forget him. Why was Marcus trying to bring it up again?
"Is love something that makes you happy." Yin perked up. Marcus was upset from his past life and something must have happened to him to keep him from experiencing love or joy, leaving him with a broken image of why creatures choose to live such pitiful lives. The life of a Meregal, or even a human, must seem very strange to a robot who knows only how to work. It must be very frustrating and frightening sometimes. Yin let her gaze drop to her paws.
"Love is the reason why so many of us do what we do," She explained, "Love is the reason why you like to clean, it is something that you enjoy." Marcus seemed surprised by this revelation, it must not have occurred to him that he had ever loved anything before, even if he'd had so much pain in his life, it must never have occurred to him that the work he does was the escape he'd found in the times of crisis in his life. Maybe he'd been forced to work for someone cruel and unfeeling to have forgotten why happiness was something he needed. Being sold and forced to shut down for so long in the shop must have been crippling as well. A life of pain, ended by abandonment, it must have been hard.
"Is all love work?"
"No." Yin concluded, "Love has so many forms, it is hard to tell you all of them, but one thing I do know is this; Love is acceptance in its purest form. Without acceptance, we can never learn to move past the insignificant things that cloud our path. There was once a god that the humans worshipped whose son came to Earth to save them from the evil things they'd done. They say he came because he loved them, because he cared enough to give up everything for those who would accept him. It wasn't enough for them to know they did good in the eyes of their God, but to be what he wanted them to be, something new, something even they could never comprehend until they had been filled with the love of their God." Yin sighed, "Things have changed now, the humans have moved on to more convenient beliefs. Meregals, though, have never had any sort of conceivable religion." Yin opened her mouth to speak more, but closed it, moving away from the table and returning her empty plate to the sink before going upstairs to her room. She wanted to believe in this great God, but time had erased the scraps of sympathy. It had been more than three thousand years since he'd come, but the Humans had moved on, and the new religion exists; Convenience. Yin growled to herself as she drew herself under the covers. A religion meant for those who'd never wanted religion and those who'd never wanted to change. It was all a lie, but it was a lie hidden behind half-truths, and those are the kind that unchanging people believe in, even if the truth was a thing known to all. To be shunned by humans was one thing, but to be shunned by someone who believed in Convenience was to be shunned by Convenience itself, and many sacrificed themselves to belong. Yin put the covers over her head and tried to sleep before her thoughts became any more taxing. She only managed to make herself feel worse. She sat up, frustrated by her lack of control, and went to desk to to find a pencil and paper, she wanted to make a list of all the most important things in her life, to know what was worth holding on to and what was worth letting go. Yin wanted to leave the city, to start fresh somewhere else where she can reinvent herself, to cast off the stigma of being called her father's pet. Yin laughed to herself, imagine if I were to own a pet cat myself? Would people think I was odd? It's strange enough that I look like one, I think it would be amusing to see what others thought of it too. Then again, maybe they'll just think they're my own kittens, or at the least, I've gone mad with despair and I've substituted cats for the friends I didn't have. Yin shook the distraction from her head and drew a pencil out of the top drawer in her desk. She wanted this list to be definitive before she made any final decisions. She sighed before putting her mind back on the paper. 
              "1. I live alone. A single Meregal who doesn't know the meaning of acceptance.
              2. I own a robot.
              3. My father has abandoned me.
              4. I've been accepted by an employer who is willing to provide food and shelter for as long as I work.
              5. I don't want to be here anymore.
              6. I have no friends, only a robot who doesn't know what love is.
              7. I want a boyfriend who will marry me and raise a family. (Denen seems kind of nice, though I doubt it would ever work out between us.)
              8. I don't know where to go because everything else that I've done is over now.  Most people get a well paying job about now and earn their living, but I don't know long I can take living here to keep with it, the money I have from selling my father's secret should keep me safe if I lost my job, but I don't know if it's worth staying to learn how well that will work. If only I had someone I could talk to about all of this."
Yin placed the pencil carefully onto the desk, she'd rambled toward the end, but she felt better now that she'd organized her problems into a more manageable pile. She needed to get into the mood to work as a maid, that was the most important thing right now, everything else depended on how she felt after she'd learned the routine. But until then, she thought, I think it's important that I make a decision concerning the house. I can't afford it anymore because my father isn't paying the bills. I need to find a new way to live, otherwise the house will be taken from me once I stop paying. Can Marcus do anything to help? Yin wanted to think keeping him was a possibility, but she didn't have anywhere to put him now that she'd been, quite miraculously, accepted as the new maid in the human household. She would need to think about this in the morning, until then, she really needed to get to bed.
Yin dimmed the lights for the second time that night and curled up under the covers on her mattress, feeling the cool fabric brush against her fur. Her thoughts drifted to Dennen, the dark, hansom Meregal she'd just met, and she began thinking to herself how important it was that she find someone else to help carry the load of the life she lived, but her mind was set, she couldn't choose someone who would never be anything more than a pretty face. 
Until I can find the right one for me, she told herself,  I need to search with all my heart, and look in the right directions.
Gradually, Yin's thoughts began to slow until she'd fallen into a deep sleep, protected from her father's influences and the problems she'd grown to live with. She was a kind girl at heart with a mind open to the possibilities. Though clouded by misjudgment, she made her way through life one step at a time until she found the things she'd needed most, often skipping the things she'd wanted. Her father had taught her to be self sufficient and her mind had taught her to pay attention. Everything else was unimportant in her life as long as she could become what was most important in her eyes.
Yin woke up the next morning, having forgotten most of yesterday's occurrences to the blissful embrace of sleep. She went downstairs, unaware of the immaculately cleaned furniture in the living room, or the smell in the air that spoke 'clean'. Instead, her mind was fixed on getting something to eat from the cupboard. A bowl, some milk, and a small can of tuna. She pulled it all down and set it on the floor, flopping down on all fours like a cat. She knew her favourite foods were often stereotypes of associated with cats, and her father had often made fun of her for acting like one, but she'd learned that if that was the way she liked it, she'd have it the same way every time, even if her father never learned to let it go.
Yin thought of the bad habits her father had acquired as she'd watched him fall into the pit of disrepair that made him too ashamed to stay. She knew it was wrong of her to see the things he had become in such a casual light, and to accept that he could never change, but she had no choice and Flynn had offered the only kind of home she could hope for. In growing up, this was the only life she knew and to her, this was the only life that was right. She'd learned to shun people only because happiness had been taken from her life. Now she understood why her father had loved that picture of them at the zoo; He had loved her, deep inside, but life had made him brittle and cracked, susceptible to his weakness for the bottle. Yin did not blame him for what he had become, instead, she chose to forgive him, letting go of the anger she could have held inside.
She yawned. Today is a new day, she thought, and I need to find some closure in my life. Otherwise, I might go mad with the thought of it. She picked herself up and placed the bowl and the empty can in their respective places, returning to her room upstairs to change clothes for the day. She was going to take advantage of that ticket her father had given her, but only for a short while. She wanted to spend a few days in Jasper before she started work at the mansion in the hopes of running into the right mate for her. She was afraid to leave the city, but she knew it was important to try for something new. Yin went back upstairs and started packing, taking a quick shower and putting on a plain, black skirt along with her white sweat and a pink undershirt when she was done. She didn't particularly like her outfit, but she'd worn worse many times before. She put a few gold coins in the suitcase before clicking it shut, she would need that money while she was away, and the ticket home would cost more than she cared to think about. Yin washed her ears, wishing again for a hat; A nice white one, with a wide brim all along the edge. It would give her something nice to hid behind if she were ever afraid. 
Yin looked around the room, taking in the dreary atmosphere she was leaving behind for a few days, she wouldn't miss her room while she was gone, but hopefully, it would still be hers when she returned. Maybe I'll assign Marcus to take care of a few things while I'm gone, She thought, I need him to clean up this mess in here and everywhere else; He should love it though, so I shouldn't feel bad about asking him. She ran downstairs with her suitcase and put her jacket around her shoulders. "Marcus," She called, "I'm staying in Jasper for a few days. While I'm gone, I want you to clean everything in the house. You love this stuff don't you? Think of this as a personal vacation." Marcus came into the room and nodded his approval.
"Everything will be fine when you return." He said.
"Thanks! Have fun!" Yin left through the front door and headed down the sidewalk of her neighbourhood, in the opposite direction of the inner city. The train station was almost a mile off, and she wanted to be early. She checked her synth card for the time. One fifteen; She still had an hour and forty five minutes. Yin held her jacket tight, trying to ward off the constant chill. She felt a sense of peace now that she was finally going, she just didn't quite feel right about her reasons though, on second thought. She didn't especially need to find a mate at her age, she was too young to know what it was like to be married, but she knew it was important that she try anyway, otherwise, she might never get the chance again. It was hard living in a city without many of her own kind, but she'd learned to be frugal, and take heart in the face of her personal solitude. 
The outer city only ran about a half a mile away from the valley, the rest of the walk to the train station would be through the dusty highway that stretched past the city on its way to the heart of the country. There were many such highways all throughout the wilderness, expressly used by what was left of the national government to connect all of the outlying cities with the more centralized, well bred society closer to the capitol.
Yin didn't know how her father earned her ticket, but she knew it couldn't have been paid with the wages she earned. At a gold talent a ticket, she could have fed their little family for a month, including all expenses related to the house and her education, her father must have been planning this for a long time. 
I know it must be a terrible burden to be put up with me all the time, she thought, but I want to know why he wanted to leave so bad. Maybe he left for legal reasons. Yin's face turned sour.
The train station was an old relic, from the days high speed trains had come into use. No one really knows why the government insists they continue using them, but the people followed because there wasn't any other way to travel from city to city. Cars had become more compact and city oriented, reducing the legacy of the highway to an old legend.
Yin climbed up the short flight of stairs to the ticket booth, presenting her ticket at the ticket machine. It buzzed and opened the gate onto the platform where several humans stood waiting for the train.
Yin checked her suitcase and walked up to the only Meregal at the station, an old feline with grey fur and a sharp looking suit.
"Hello sir, are you bound on your way to Jasper?" Yin asked. He looked down at her.
"Not quite," He said, "I'm on my way to Cashmere, just two stops beyond."
"Oh." Yin looked back at her synth card; two thirty. She sighed and put it back in her pocket. It would take half an hour to get to the station and the trains were never early from what she knew. 
"Do you have relatives in Cashmere?" She prodded.
"No, I'm going on business for my employer, the Despot corporation. Have you heard of it?"
Yin nodded her head yes. The Despot corporation was a minor extension of the national government, dealing with military secrets and weapons technology.
The old Meregal nodded his approval, "I'm to attend a meeting you know, a very important one."
"How did you get in?" Yin asked, "I though Meregals weren't allowed in government affairs?"
He chuckled, "Times have changed young Meregal child, and none too soon. This is a revolutionary new stand by the corporation to integrate Meregal technology and know how into the human arsenal."
"But isn't it wrong to kill?" Yin asked, "And we aren't at war with anyone, why are we making weapons?"
He scrunched his nose, "Because young Meregals like yourself don't understand why the world is the way it is." He leaned in and whispered into her ear, "But, there are rumors of war coming from across the sea, big rumors, from powerful people who have connections into the enemies secrets. We need these weapons ready when they strike, otherwise we will die as we almost did on our home planet. May it ever rest in peace." He stood up and ignored her, his eyes glazed by some distant memory.
Yin walked back to the center of the platform and waited until the train arrived, as silent as the grave on its magnetic tracks.
The train gave off a loud ping as the doors opened, letting out a crowd of people onto the station. Yin dodged around them, trying to stay away from the threats the humans threw off if she were to get in the way. One man eyed her disdainfully before continuing on his way. Yin tried her hardest to look harmless in the midst of the crowd but many still kicked and scuffed her. She curled up in a ball until they'd gone away and stood up when the coast was clear. The older Meregal had suffered similarly, but his suit had retained a few rips in his sleeve from an unwelcoming lady. They looked to each other with paired sympathy before boarding the train.
It was nice inside, much nicer than anything she'd seen besides the house, with red, cushioned benches along the sides with gold trim, and red carpets underneath. Wooden cabinets resided in all four corners of the cabin, no doubt filled with fine wines and expensive pastries and cheeses. Yin sat down before she was tempted to explore, wanting to spend the first few minutes before the trip finding a comfortable place to sit in the cabin. The trip would take three hours to complete.
A luggage rack held several other passenger's things on gold leaf railings above the benches on either side of the train. A door opened at the back of the car and several more human passengers pushed passed her, pressing her into the side of the cabinet. Yin took this with a resigned expression, hoping to be unnoticed until they were gone.
Several of the humans passed her with tight lipped glares and Yin tried to make herself seem smaller, drawing her paws into her lap and pressing her ears flat against her head.
She decided to leave for a better cabin once they'd gone, a nicer one further toward the end of the train where fewer humans will have to bear looking at her. She seethed inwardly as she made her way through the train, looking at everything except the humans around her. Through three more cars she had to cross through to get to the end, each one filled with more and more hatred, until she arrived at the final car, a tatty one filled with the only other Meregals on the train. The old Meregal she'd seen at the station sat in one corner. 
Yin sat down next to a mother and her three children, all from the same litter. They clawed and mewed at their mother, and Yin tried her best to face forward and ignore them. Across the way sat a couple huddled in deep conversation, their faces close together and covered in concern. Yin guessed by the rings on their fingers they'd gone to the city to marry legally under the law, undoubtedly against their parents wishes. 
Yin sat up once the conductor entered their car asking for tickets. She waited anxiously while the mother pulled tickets out of her purse and held them out to the conductor who punched them before moving on. Yin unclenched her hand from inside her pocket and pulled out her crumpled ticket, offering it to the conductor. He looked her over suspiciously before giving the hole puncher a hard squeeze, offering his hand to the old Meregal for his ticket. Yin cringed in her seat, trying hard not to look any more suspicious than she felt when the conductor looked her over before finally leaving their car. 
Yin was sweeping her paw across her black skirt, taking several wrinkles out of the fabric, when the train lurched up off the magnetic track, bumping her against the railing dividing her from the next seat. She looked around at the other passengers, feeling the train pick up speed. Yin had never been out of the city before now and it scared and excited her. She turned and looked outside of the window at the empty wasteland, watching it pass by as the train sped along the track. She hoped she would enjoy her time outside of the city, but intuition told her to be wary. Bad things have happened to Meregals like herself who took the world too lightly. She hoped it would be different in the city, Jasper.
Slowly, the grey land turned to the ancient wreckages of dead cities and war vehicles, giant flying machines that had crashed during the great human war and left their carnage strewn across the broken countryside. Such things could be seen outside of Yin's city, but they were tended to by the scrap collectors who lived their lives buying and selling the shattered steel and mechanical junk they found lying in the wilderness. Eventually this too changed back to dry land until they neared the outskirts of the city; Large fields of grain and vegetables lined the tracks outside, stealing the view of the land around.
Yin excused herself to take a bathroom break before they drew into the station at Jasper, wanting to meet her new experiences in the city without any embarrassing distractions. She swept down the hall toward one of the earlier compartments, ignoring the blank stares of the humans, and slid closed the door of the cramped bathroom, completing her business as fast as possible. 
When she finished, an announcement came over the loudspeaker in the ceiling; "Attention all passengers, we are now stopping at Jasper station." Yin's heart stopped, afraid the train would have passed the station, and she pictured herself drifting from train to train for the rest of her life as she tried to reach Jasper or make it back home.
She gingerly opened the bathroom door, and stepped down into the isle, aware of the human's nervous glances. Yin made her way toward the nearest exit and grabbed onto the railing until the train pulled into the station, her eyes listing toward the human passengers. Several stared openly at her, a few of them hoping to see her gone for good, and hidden from their cities in the Meregal's metropolis. The conductor passed through the car one more time and sniffed to himself when he saw her clinging to the railing.
Yin swayed with the train as it pulled into the station, a blur of grey and green that settled into the well worn shape of a boarding platform.
The doors pulled back into the walls of the car and she stepped out onto the concrete platform, her paws pressing gently into the hard, rough surface. She pulled her jacket tight around her and took in windy scenery. An old turnstile with green tiles sat on one end of the station, the other covered with barbed wire that looked out over a field of dry grass, hiding the tall structures of a city just beyond. Yin took a deep breath and padded along the platform until she came upon the turnstile where a Meregal sat behind a glass window, keeping a wary eye on her and the others. 
Yin nodded her head pleasantly and pushed her way through the turnstile, wincing as the metal bars screeched in protest. She ignored the looks from the Meregal in the booth and stared hard at the ground. 
It seemed much brighter once she left the station, and she pulled up to a hover car idling on it's magnetic track. Her claws made a loud tatting sound as she rapped them against the glass, jolting the male Meregal inside, out of his nap.
"Can you give me a ride into Jasper?" She asked.
"What?" The driver rolled down the window.
"I said, can you give me a ride to Jasper?"
"Get in the back seat."
"Okay." Yin placed her hand against a metal plate on the door of the cab, and waited as the door slid back.
"Is this your first time in Jasper?" The diver asked.
"Yes, this is actually my first time out of my city." She sat down in the back seat and pulled the door back in place.
He reached down under the passenger seat and pulled a small brochure from amidst a tangle of flyers and old food stuffs, and offered it over his shoulder.
"Things are different here, and you'll need to know everything in that brochure before we get inside the city."
"What will happen if I do something wrong?"
The driver shrugged, "They might kick you out, or overlook it. Either one."
Yin looked down at the brochure where a black, feminine Meregal caressed the words 'Welcome to Jasper!'. She flipped it open, and read the first few lines:
"If this is your first time to Jasper, we welcome you with open arms! But there are a few things you need to know before you enter our city. Like all Meregal cities, we would like to remind you that it is recommended that you walk on all four paws while in the city, firstly because most establishments are not designed for two legged navigation, but also because it is a sign of disrespect to walk on two feet in the presence of others."
"Why is it disrespectful to walk on two legs like the humans?" Yin asked, feeling a fleeting excitement at finally having the opportunity to speak so openly with one of her own king about the humans.
"It means you're better than the others." He continued, "Only Meregal royalty is allowed to walk on two legs in the presence of others. Are you royalty?"
Yin shook her head, "I don't think so. I don't know who my parents are because I was left in a human city when I was just a baby."
"Hm." The driver frowned to himself, "Well, good luck to you then."
"Why?"
"Oh nothing, just don't make a big deal about being from out of town." He said this to himself. Yin tried to make sense of his vague response as he started up the engine and pulled out of the parking lot. Yin sat back in her seat and watched the sky moving outside of the tinted window. 
"Am I making the right choice?" She asked herself.
"Hmmm?" The driver said, picking up on the end of her sentence and looking at her through the rear view mirror.
Yin shook her head, "Sorry, I was talking to myself."
The driver looked back at the road and sighed, "Try not to make a habit of that."
Yin looked awkwardly at her paws before resuming her look outside the window. The city was approaching swiftly, rising up over the grasslands around that hid the Meregals from prying eyes. 
Yin looked outside of the window and placed her elbow on door. She wasn't sure what she would find, but she wanted to know what it was like to live amongst her own kind, even if she only stayed for a few days.
"Have you heard about King Leo's fundraising campaign?"
Yin didn't understand why he was asking this, she was on vacation in the city, she didn't want to deal with the problems of a, probably, illegitimate king.
"I'm not acquainted with King Leo."
"I getcha. Outsiders usually don't get involved in the political aspect of the city. Usually It makes no sense to them so they wave it off as gumbo."
"He's your leader?"
"Yeah, he ascended to the throne without support.""What do you mean?"
"He takes himself seriously so it doesn't seem out of his league to rule other people."
"is that enough for most people?"
"Yeah, most people are okay with it."
Yin sighed and sat back in her seat. She didn't want to know about the political sphere, she was here to find a date and that's all she had on her mind. 
The driver didn't seem to notice her resolutions, they were pulling into the city limits, and he was rummaging through a compartment in the dashboard for his city identification. "Do you have your ID with you Ma'am?" He asked.
"Is it alright if I use my synth card? It was given to me by my city, and it has all of my personal information built into it's memory."
The driver glanced back at her through the rearview mirror, "That should be fine as long as they can access the information and verify it's legal implications."
"I'm not sure what you mean by legal implications, but I haven't done anything in my life that would make me a target."
He shrugged and reached his paw over his shoulder for the synth card. Yin ruffled through her purse and extracted the credit card sized piece of circuitry, handing it over to the driver.
"I'll get that back, right?"
"Sure, no one wants your info anyway. The worst it can come to is if you carry disease on your person, then you'll be held in confinement or asked to leave."
"Can they do that?"
"Can birds fly?"
Yin sighed to herself, "Some can, I suppose."
"Well, these birds can, if you get my meaning."
Yin nodded, "I get what you mean."
The car pulled into a single lane next to a customs booth, where a sleek, black feline propped herself out on the edge of the window. Yin's ears fell flat against her head and she waited for the booth to come up besides the driver, who lowered the window.
"Visas please. How many are with you today?"
"Just one, a young female from out of city."
The customs officer popped her head through the window and gave Yin a smile. "Welcome to Jasper!"
"Thanks." Yin mumbled back.
The black Meregal pulled her head back out of the window, her smile still showing on her face.
"Visas?" She asked again.
"Right here." The driver said, handing the two cards over to the official. Yin watched with envy at the way the black Meregal took the cards, her paws oozing with controlled energy. One day I'll be like that, she thought. Full of energy, doing the very things I want to do instead of slaving away under someone else's work. 
The black cat pulled herself into the booth and ran the cards through a quick scan, passing them over a magnetic signature reader. Her smile froze when she scanned Yin's card and scanned it again. She put her head back through the window and addressed Yin.
"Who are you?"
Yin wasn't sure what she meant. "I thought the synth card was supposed to tell you."
"Yes, I know. But all Meregal's have a unique entry into our database, regardless of where they live." She paused, "Didn't your parents put you in the system?" 
"My parents abandoned me at birth in a human orphanage. I don't know what you're talking about. I'm registered as a Meregal in my city, but I've never heard of this Meregal database you're talking about."
The official's eyes glazed over, "Where do you live?"
"I live in Mentas, the city of my human father, and the city where I was left by my family, or whoever left me to the orphanage."
"Are you aware that King Pen left for the city of Mentas with his wife very near the end of her pregnancy?"
"Who's King Pen? I thought King Leo was the leading official here in the city?" Yin asked.
The official wasn't listening, she had pulled back into the customs booth and was dialing in a number on a communicator. The driver was watching Yin steadily. Yin's paws swiped at her skirt nervously.
The black feline stepped around, through a door in the booth, and came toward the car. The car door hissed as it opened and she sat down on the seat next to Yin.
"My name is Menny by the way, nice to meet you Yin."
"Why were you making that phone call?"
Menny pulled the door closed. "Take us to headquarters please."
"Sure thing boss." The driver said, pulling back onto the main road.
Menny was wearing a dark blue uniform, not unlike an ancient human police uniform, with short sleeves and a one piece skirt that stopped about a foot and a half down her back legs. 
"I wanted to make sure you were the one they'd left behind in Mentas, and the others at headquarters wanted me to bring you in. You'll be let free afterwards,  no matter what, but if our analysis proves you are King Pen's daughter, you might even leave with the king himself."
"Is he a bad person though? Why would he leave his own daughter in a human settlement without telling anyone?"
Menny shrugged, "Who knows? He is a good Meregal though. Everyone who knows him says he has more right to rule than king Leo."
"Is he more qualified then?" Yin asked.
"No," Menny said, "His heart is pure, even if his policies are not financially minded."
"So he's a do gooder who ruled until King Leo took the throne because of financial reasons? When did this happen? Does it have something to do with King Leo's fundraising campaign?"
"King Leo leads his political sphere with an iron fist, he's made it his duty to resupply the royal funds until King Pen becomes financially sound with his policies. Otherwise, yes, King Leo came to power just a few months ago. I suppose it is no wonder you haven't heard of this, the city of Jasper usually keeps to itself."
"It sounds like politics work differently here than the rest of the world."
"The Meregal species as a whole works its hardest to keep itself balanced against corruption. We've built an inclusive Utopia, if you believe in that kind of thing."
"We're here." The cab driver said, pulling up in front of a large white building with blue awnings over the windows and doors.  Yin grabbed her bag and pushed the car door open. 
"Thanks driver," Menny said, stepping out of the opposite side of the car, "Jasper City Security will pay for your services."
"Much obliged Ma'am." He pushed a button on his arm rest, and the doors closed.
"Yin," Menny said over the sound of the retreating hover taxi, "When we go inside, you will be asked questions about your past, important details of people and experiences, and you will be given a DNA scan to verify the validity of your lineage and your synthcard. Do you understand?"
Yin nodded her head, "I understand."
"Good," Menny opened the front door of the building and gestured for Yin to take the lead, "On the right here is the secretary of security, one of the many voluntary members of the J.C.S., or Jasper City Security, whichever way you want it. And, through this corridor straight ahead is the detainment cells, which we will not be visiting now, but if you want to, we can come back once the verification is complete."
"Why do you lock people up?" Yin asked.
"To help them understand." Menny flashed an ID badge at the secretary and began walking down a corridor to the left of the entrance.
"I thought most people already understand, why would they have to come here?"
Menny stopped at the end of the hall, in front of a blue door. "Some Meregals in our city cannot comprehend the difference between right and wrong, and so we educate them on the importance of doing right."
"That sounds awfully suspicious to me." Yin said.
"Why? Have the people of Mentas made the concept of change into a bad thing?"
"I'm not sure, it's just, when most people think about change, they call it a bad thing when it is forced on others, even for their own benefit. They even make Utopia seem impossible, and it is shunned because no one is willing to recognize that it will not happen without change."
Menny's ear perked up in an ironic way, "That seems contradictory, don't you think?"
"I guess so."
"Utopia is more than just an idea, it is a process by which lives are shaped. Without those who are willing to change, Utopia will always be nothing more than a dream. It takes real people with real desire to create a true Utopia." Menny shrugged, "I guess things aren't honestly perfect here, but the Meregal's are a good species." She turned and swiped her ID badge over a panel next to the door, and pushed once the light turned green. "This is the briefing room. You will sit in that chair, and you will be asked questions by several Security authorities who will be seated over there." She pointed to a chair behind a desk in the middle of the room, and another much larger, ornate table across the room.
"Will you be staying for the interview?" Yin asked.
Menny removed her paw from the door handle conspicuously, "I have to return to my post at the customs booth."
"Are you coming back any time soon?"
Menny smiled, "Maybe, no matter what, I'll come check up on you if that's what you'd like."
"I would like that." Yin smiled brightly.
"Well, until better times." 
"Until better times!" Menny left through the open door and closed it behind her with a click. Yin moved toward the chair in the center of the room, sat down behind the desk, and waited.
It wasn't long until she heard the shuffling of feet from a hallway off behind the larger table, and sat up when several older Meregals took their respective places. An older brown striped Meregal whispered into the ear of a chocolate colored female who's eyes would flicker between Yin's face and some distant thought. The others at the table seemed to be making notes on glass screens implanted into the desk, writing their first impressions of her. The old striped Meregal moved back from the female, who turned to address Yin.
"We've heard you live in Mentas and are not currently registered in our system. Is that so?"
Yin shuffled in her seat, "I don't know about your system, but I do live in Mentas."
"When were you born."
"I think my synthcard should tell you that."
"Can I see the synthcard?" She held her hand out to one of the other Meregals who placed the plastic card in her hand. 
"You were born on the eleventh of the third month in the year three-thousand and seventeen. Correct?" The chocolate colored Meregal asked, swiping the card across the screen on her desk.
"I'm not sure, I was left at the orphanage after my birth. No one really knew when I'd been born." Yin said.
"No one indeed." The female tapped out a few commands on her computer, and the hologram of a light brown Meregal filled the space between Yin and the others.
"King Pen, is this the daughter you left in the city of Mentas?"
The hologram seemed to study something on his side of the communication before responding, "I'm not sure. She has Tren's eyes."
A few Meregals at the table began to whisper amongst themselves. The chocolate colored female simply nodded her head, "That is fine." She said. "We will inform you once the DNA test is complete." She moved to cut the communication.
"Wait." King Pen said. "I want to speak to her alone."
There was the bustle of exchanged impressions from the Meregals on the council.
The female bowed her head, "I understand." She motioned for the others at the table to leave the room, closing the door behind her once they'd left.
The hologram studied Yin more closely, looking deeply into the features on her face. "My wife had died, did you know that?"
Yin shook her head. 
"She gave her life to birth five Meregal children, but only one of them lived."
Yin stared hard at the floor.
"A female, a queen amongst her kind. One of the few born to be a leader. Do you know why I left her?"
Yin shook her head again.
"To learn. To bring her to the world and let it teach her. There is more to life than I can provide, and I knew of no other way to teach her except by letting her go."
"You must have loved her very much." Yin said.
"Yes, she became everything to me once I returned home. I obsessed." King Pen drifted away in his thoughts until the door opened once again, letting the other Meregals back inside.
"Yin," The chocolate Meregal said, "We will commence with the DNA test." She motioned for the old, striped Meregal to approach her in the center of the room. "He will scan a small clipping of hair from your foreleg and we will decide your lineage from there."
The older Meregal clipped a small sensor onto her leg and waited until a small beep split the air. Yin lowered her paw when he was done. 
"The readings are coming up positive, the DNA test verifies that she is King Pen's daughter." The old Meregal spoke this to the others at the table.
"Very well. I will be there shortly to pick her up." King Pen said. He pressed a button and the hologram shut off.
"Yin, I hope this isn't a major inconvenience for you. If you were just coming to visit, you are allowed to leave again if you wish. I hope you know, however, you will be sorely missed." The chocolate Meregal motioned for the others to leave, and filed out the door behind them.
Yin sat in silence, confused and unsure about what this turn of events meant for her. She had a job back home she needed to return to, and Marcus would be expecting her home soon. She made herself comfortable as she waited for King Pen, her father, to arrive. He seemed nice enough, she thought, but maybe he's the kind of person to live on appearance. For whatever reason, he may just be a face instead of the person he appeared to be on the screen. 
The door clicked behind her, and she turned. King Pen stood in the doorway, two others walking on all fours behind him. Yin stared at him and waited for him to speak, his eyes glued to her own in some distant place.
"Your name is Yin." He said at last.
"Yes." Yin said.
"Your mother gave you that name before she died."
Yins thoughts swam, "I owe her a lot. My name has been my saving grace many times in my life."
"I know. She loved you very much."
"How do you know that?"
King Pen looked down at her, "I read your file just now."
Yin shook her head, "I didn't know other people were allowed to read my files."
He shrugged, "I am the king, and you are my daughter whom I lost in the city of Mentas. I am allowed access to your city's records."
Yin pondered on this a while, "What else does it say about me?" She asked.
"Just enough to convince me you won't burn my house down and steal everything on the premises."
"Okay."
King Pen laughed, and waved for Yin to follow him out of the room.
"We'll be taking my car back to our home. I hope you don't mind if I drive us?" He said.
"Not at all. Why though, may I ask, do you have so many security guards if you drive yourself?"
"I like to drive, but my friends here, Sarah and Laren, think it's best if they follow anyway."
The male guard, who must have been Laren, turned and nodded his head, "We don't want you running into trouble, even if it's highly unlikely."
"Well, I thank you for your support." King Pen then turned to Yin, "They both volunteer you know. As my guards. I still don't know why they do it, but they get free lodging and food. Not to mention a lot of attention from powerful Meregals in the city." He stopped and opened the door out to the front of the building, "Do you like ice-cream?"
Yin wasn't paying attention to King Pen when he addressed her. She'd seen the twisted face of a young Meregal in one of the cells down the hall, staring into her eyes with the look of pleading fear. She turned away before she thought about it any more.
"What did you say?" She asked.
"I was curious  to know if you like ice-cream. The humans have had a fond interest in it for some time, and I've come to enjoy it over the years." He looked at her, puzzled by her vacant expression.
"I've never had any ice-cream for myself, my father never let me have any."
"Your father?" King Pen asked, "Your file neglected to mention you had a father in Mentas."
"He was a human, looking for someone to fall in love with, and there I was, a Meregal no one would ever know about, sitting in an orphanage." Yin shook her head to clear her thoughts, "But he's gone now. He left me just yesterday."
King Pen let the door close behind him and walked around an expensive, two seater hovercraft. "Well, I'm sure we'll have time to talk about this later, I hope I've not upset you with my questions." He opened his car door and took a seat.
Yin shook her head, and did the same. "No, your questions are fine. Where are we going?"
"Home," He said, "If you'll have me as your new father."
"I don't know," Yin said, "I have a job back home, and a robot. I need to resolve my life back in Mentas."
King Pen sighed, "Yin, if there's anything I know, you'll be happy here. We can figure out a solution to your work situation, and your robot will be shipped here to Jasper by tomorrow."
"Thank you King Pen." Yin said.
"Would it be alright if you called me father?" King Pen asked.
Yin smiled, "I think I can get used to that."
King Pen started the car and pulled on to the main road leading into the heart of the city. The skyscrapers were quick to tower above the small, luxurious hover car as it sped between them, Meregals on either side of the street stopping to turn and watch the cars pass by. The car pulled into an empty space in front of a building, taller than the others, in the center of the city, and dressed with curving obsidian that curled around the various windows and doors on the outside of the building.
"We're here." King Pen said, stepping out and motioning for a schofur. 
"Do you own all of this?" Yin asked.
"No," King Pen answered, "This is the heart of the city where the royalty reside. We are situated on the second fifth of the building, from the top. King Leo resides just above, and the other ruling Meregals live below. Personally, I used to own the top fifth, but since King Leo has come to power, I have been placed below him until he is confident I can take his place again."
"It sounds like you still have a lot of power here in the city though." Yin said, "How many Meregals live in the tower?"
"Hush." King Pen hands the keys to the schofur and asks him to park his vehicle.
"Of course." The schofur says, taking a seat behind the wheel of the car. Yin got out the other side and closed her door.
"Yin," King Pen says, "To answer your question, there are seven elected officials in the tower, the total number of sectors within the city being five, they rule over them as follows. King Leo, while he is in power, has the final say in the governing of all five. Whereas the five others which are below myself and King Leo in status, each govern a single district from this building."
"What do you govern?" Yin asked.
"I over see three of the districts myself, and the other two are specifically governed between their respected representatives and King Leo himself."
"That sounds rather complicated if you ask me." Yin countered.
"Well," King Pen said, "Walk with me and I will explain." He motions to the door and Yin follows him through, taking in the entrance hall outlaid in gold leaf and deep marble. A help desk, like those found in a hotel, resided on the right side of the hall where a secretary sat at a computer terminal, busily typing away.
"Through here." King Pen says. They walked into an elevator and King Pen pressed the button for the seventeenth floor.
"Let me begin by saying thus," He began, "Jasper is an experiment in Meregal politics."
"Why?" Yin interjects.
"I'm getting there." King Pen says, "Jasper's structure has been designed to run as efficiently and, how shall I say, lovingly as possible." Yin only looks on in confusion. "I'll explain: we wish only for the happiness of the individual to outlive that of the city itself, but we began with the hope of finding the perfect balance between the two. One day, we hope to implement what we have learned in every Meregal city in the world."
"Were we not a perfect people when we came to Earth?" Yin asked.
King Pen shook his head, "I'm not sure." The elevator opened and King Pen padded out into another hallway. "My personal study is here on your right, the third door from the end, if you ever want to find me during the day, I will usually be there. As for your room, you will be situated on the next floor up, which is where we will be headed soon."
"Why are we on this floor?" Yin asked. She stepped out of the elevator behind him.
King Pen shrugged, "I thought it would be nice to sit down and talk with you about your life in Mentas." He tread across the carpeted floor on two legs and opened a door down the hall. "Will you join me in the dining room for some ice-cream?" 
Yin smiled and nodded her head, following closely behind. 
The dining room was a simple affair, with a single glass table and two chairs at it's center. Yin looked around in surprise when she realized there weren't any windows in the room, leaving the lighting to a single ornate chandelier hanging from the ceiling above.
"I don't eat many other places in the tower." King Pen explains, "I like the solitude this room brings when I have heavy questions to answer. Here have a seat." He gestured to the chair closest to the entrance and took his own on the other side.
"Why haven't you remarried?" Yin asked, sitting down in the chair.
King Pen paused, "I've never loved someone the way I did Tren. I couldn't face the thought of betraying her, even in death." He looked away.
"That doesn't mean you shouldn't be happy anyway."
He shrugged, "I can find happiness wherever I want, Tren was simply too perfect. Not that I wouldn't, but I can't." He paused again, "Anyway, I'm much too busy with the city to remarry."
"You seem a little off balance over the issue." Yin said.
King Pen listed to the side in his chair, "Yes, and no. One is the formal excuse, the other, is something more personal. It's like saying you're going on a walk to enjoy the sunshine when you're really going to clear your head."
"I understand."
A door at the back of the room opened, allowing a white and brown striped Meregal through with a tray.
"Here you are sir, and madam." He said, placing a bowl filled with a scoop of light green paste with chocolate flecks in front of each. 
"Thank you." King Pen said, dismissing the servant with a wave. 
"This is called mint chocolate chip ice-cream. Have you ever heard of it?" He asked. When Yin shook her head, he continued. "It's quite interesting, I think. The flavor comes from a combination of cow milk, sugar, and the native plant, mint. It's quite extraordinary. I think the humans are quite a capable lot when it comes to quisine of you ask me."
Yin nodded her head and picked up the spoon supplied in the bowl. "I've always thought it's strange that humans drink milk from a cow." She said, scooping some of the ice-cream into her mouth.
"What do you think?" King Pen asked.
Yin mulled it around in her mouth, trying to get a sense of the flavor, "It tastes sweet, but there's something refreshing about it."
"Yes, I think so too." He said, sounding slightly disappointed.
"I do like it though," She scooped another bite for herself.
"That's good." King Pen smiled. "Now when we're done, I want you to go upstairs and look at your room."
Yin felt startled when a thought occurred to her, "Have you been preparing for when I'd come home?"
King Pen sat back in his chair, spinning his spoon carelessly through his bowl. "I'd hoped you wouldn't ask that question, but yes. I've been preparing for your return."
"If you were so obsessed , why didn't you keep tabs on me?"
King Pen looked at the dark red walls of the chamber, his mouth pursed, "I knew it was wrong to watch you when you didn't know who I was. I wanted a fresh start with you when we first met. I thought it would be nice to start on an even footing."
"You could have come and visited me some time."
"I know. I didn't want to give you false hope."
"Like what?"
"You were supposed to get used to the life you lived. If I'd interfered, you would have lost your sense of reality. It would have crushed you, made you weak inside."
"I'm stronger than I look." Yin frowned, but she knew he was right.
"Well, you've seen a bit more life than I give you credit for, I'll admit that." Yin took another bite and the quiet sound of metal on glass filled the room until she was finished. She was excited about her new room upstairs, but she waited with a restless seat until King Pen finished and put down his spoon.
"Are you ready?" He asked.
Yin nodded and stood up alongside her father. 
"I spent along time putting your room together. I hope you like it."
"You put my room together?" Yin asked.
"Not by myself of course, I only over saw the execution and the planning."
"But you just moved into this part of the building, how did you move it down here?"
"I had everything transferred when I was moved out of office." He coughed into his paw, "Anyway, if you will follow me."
He led Yin back to the elevator, and up to the next floor. When the doors opened, Yin noticed that the halls were the same as the ones below, the walls painted a creamy white with columns and lamps coming from the walls every few feet.
"Was this building once a hotel?" Yin asked.
King Pen shrugged, "It might have been. I've never been curious about it myself, but if you'd like to look into it, I'm sure something can be arranged." He continued down the hall, which turned out to be much shorter than the one below, and turned left into a second hallway that ended at a door at the very end.
"Now if you'll give me a moment to make sure everything is in order." King Pen said. He moved ahead and opened the door. Yin watched with barely contained fascination as she spotted a streak of bright blue from the room beyond as King Pen closed the door behind him.
Yin stood alone in the welcoming hallway and waited, watching the flicker of electric fire from the lamps on the wall. It had surprised her how human the Meregals seemed to be. Maybe the humans were wrong to despise them like dumb animals the way they did? She wasn't sure. The change could have been gradual, a slight alteration of customs over time as the majority of the Meregal race came to terms with their new companions. She didn't know. Nothing really made sense to her. The humans seemed so intent on disliking the Meregals, but the Meregals simply chose not to care. Well to be honest, she thought, the Meregals did seem to like the idea of separation when they began the construction of their own cities outside of human control.
King Pen returned, breaking Yin from her thoughts.
"You can come in now." He smiled excitedly, and Yin caught a glimpse of his polished, pointed teeth beneath.
Yin smiled as well and approached the door, "Well, I guess this is where I make my final decision." She said out loud.
"It was always your choice to make." He responded, slightly confused by her turn in temperament.
Yin gripped the door handle and pushed down, unlatching the door. She pushed, bracing herself against disappointment.
The room was painted blue, with a white marble floor and a four poster bed hidden behind hanging curtains in the center of the room. She gasped in surprise as she took it all in, the dresser with the mirror in the corner, the computer terminal sitting besides a beautiful view of the city, the comfortable looking lounge furniture spread across a quarter of her room by the door.
"It's perfect." She said, taking it in with an over whelming sense of awe. She turned to King Pen, "Is it really all mine?"
His smile returned, "Every last piece." He gestured toward the computer terminal. "If you ever need anything, anything at all, use the computer, and someone will be right with you to assist."
Yin put her arms around King Pen and squeezed. King Pen held his arms aloft in surprise, but his expression softened and he returned the hug.
"Welcome home." He said.
"Thank you so much... Father..." She said, trying out his new name.
He held her at arms length, a smile spread across his lips, "I need to leave now to attend to some urgent business. It was something I'd been working on when I heard you were here, but I must return to it at once." He dropped his arms to his sides, and left the room.
Yin turned and stood, taking in the feeling of her new home. It was nice here, nicer than her home back in Mentas. But something was wrong. She'd never been left to her own devices in an unfamiliar place before. Most of the time, she would have instructions to follow at work or from her father, but now that she was all alone in this unfamiliar, although quite enjoyable, room, she felt the weight of the past few hours begin to work on her. 
A great heaviness descended on her, and she wanted nothing more than to sleep the rest of the day away. It was dark outside, and the light from the buildings across the street cast shadows onto her floor. The tiles were cold beneath her paws, and she padded over to the bed before slipping under the covers. She settled down in the expanding warmth until she realized she had yet to change out of her travel clothes, and into something more suitable for bed. Unwillingly, she pulled herself from under the covers and set about pulling a night gown from her suitcase, which had been thoughtfully placed underneath her bed.
She glanced self-consciously at the wall length windows on the side of her room, and changed behind the curtains of her bed. She placed her travel clothes back in the suitcase, when she was done, and sectioned it off from the other clean clothes. 
It had been kind of them to move her suitcase into the room, but something was wrong. She'd packed a small camera in one of the inner pockets along wall of the suitcase, but it was gone. She rifled through the mess in her suitcase until she was certain that nothing else was missing. 
She shut the lid with a frustrated sigh, and set her head on top. 
Things weren't looking up the way she'd hoped, she wanted to go back home, her real home back in Mentas, where everything made sense, and she didn't have to worry about missing items or sleep. She tucked the suitcase back under the bed and went to look at her computer.
It was large, considering, and it seemed to be more like an ancient ATM machine rather than a sleek piece of modern technology. She pressed the power button and was instantly welcomed by a home screen displaying a menu tutorial. Yin exited out of the tutorial and started surfing the various commands on the main menu.
Room service... bathroom activation... kitchen services... 
Yin stopped reading and clicked on the kitchen services. 
A door opened in the wall next to the dresser, and a comfortable kitchen space pushed its way in. The floor in front began to rise in columns that represented a table and chairs. Yin crossed the room and ran her hand across the table. It was cold like the floor, and there were flecks of dirt and hair on it. She wiped it off with her arm, and sat down on a tiled stool. 
If this is just the beginning, what other kinds of machines are hiding in these walls? Yin wondered silently to herself.
She went back to the computer terminal and pressed the bathroom option. A large section of the floor rose up like the table and chairs, but underneath was a small chamber, made separate from the rest of the room by a large plastic curtain, like those found in bath tubs or dorm showers. Inside she found a large tub with a shower head, a toilet, and a sink. Yin went back and reset the options on the computer, watching as the kitchen and bathroom returned to their respective locations in the wall and the floor.
She smiled to herself and jumped back in her bed, cuddling up underneath the covers again. She felt her excitement fade, as she fell back into the warm embrace of sleep.
A dream racked her thoughts of a time when Flynn had yelled at her. He'd been angry with her when she'd spilled chicken soup all over the table during dinner and he'd yelled at her for a long time. Yin slept fitfully after that, trying to keep the memory away.
The next morning she awoke to the sound of a knock on the door.
"Come in!" She called.
A dark brown Meregal, female, came through the door.
"What can I do for you ma'am?" Yin asked.
"King Pen wanted me to give you a tour of the city."
"That would be fantastic if you could." Yin replied.
The dark brown Meregal bowed and left the room. Yin followed behind, excited to see the city.
They rode down in the elevator and waited on the curb for their hover car to make an appearance.
"I'm Yin by the way." Yin said, sounding rude and pushy in her own ears.
"I know." The dark Meregal smiled, "Are you afraid to live in Jasper?" She asked.
Yin swallowed hard, but shook her head no.
The car pulled up, and a black Meregal got out, "Enjoy your day out on the town ladies." He said.
The dark brown Meregal sat down and Yin did likewise on the other side. 
"Do you like him?" Yin asked when her chaperon had pulled the hover car onto the road.
She smiled to herself, "He's just a friend."
Yin just raised an eyebrow in response, and looked out of the window until they arrived at a shopping center.
"King Pen wanted you to have the opportunity to do some exploring on your own." The dark Meregal said, pointing to a storefront with large posters, covered in fashion designs. "Here's your credit chip."
"What do I do when I'm done?" Yin asked.
The Meregal sifted through the compartment between the front seats until she pulled out, holding a small communicator. "Call me on this and I'll be here as soon as I can."
"Thanks." Yin said, grabbing it, and stepping out onto the curb. The car droned off behind her, and Yin made her way into the store. The door was much shorter than the doors at human stores, and Yin stepped down onto all fours. 
"Welcome to Mereden Garb, can I assist you with anything?" A Male Meregal was lounging over the top of a counter beside the entrance.
"No thanks." Yin said, slinking behind a row of shirts. She held the credit chip and the communicator in her paw, and worried about the possibility of setting them down and forgetting. She went back to the Meregal behind the counter.
"Do you have anything I can store these in?" She asked.
The Meregal hummed to himself and pointed to a separate rack across the room, "You'll find everything on that rack."
"Thank you."
The Meregal nodded his head.
Yin padded to the rack, and started taking inventory: Arm pouches, belt pouches, side bags, neck pouches, and leg pouches.
Yin picked up one of the side bags. It fit snuggly around her midsection. Her possessions fit inside without too much of a problem, and Yin felt a little better about having something to carry her communicator. She pulled it off and went back to the counter, purchasing it directly. 
She buckled the side bags around her midsection.
Yin left the store and headed down the sidewalk, along a row of Meregal clothing outlets. Why aren't things much different here than in Mentas? Yin asked herself. She'd been expecting something different, an almost jungle like experience, with vines and bridges, and all sorts of 'cat-like' enclosures and structures. Yin suspected it had something to do with the original Meregal/human integration that took place when the Meregals first came to planet Earth.
Yin stopped in front of a store called 'Furr' where pictures of stylish Meregals showed off different hairstyles in the windows. Yin peaked inside. Several Meregals were busy, clipping the hair on a few Females, who were lounging on large, rounded lumps, that reminded Yin of the human's jellybeans when placed upside down.
She walked on, staring at her foreleg. Would father care if shaved off a patch of fur? Yin asked herself. She had no reason to do it, but there was a definite pull to do so. Yin sat down in the middle of the sidewalk, and checked if the coast was clear. 
Yin dashed back to 'Furr', and asked for the underside of her forepaw to be shaved. The stylist just raised an eyebrow, and led her over to an open space, next to a set of clippers. "How noticeable would you like it to be?"
Yin considered going all the way, but a voice in the back of her head told her to settle for her leg.
"Just enough to remind myself it's there." Yin replied.
The stylist took Yin's paw, and set about clipping a small line of fur, just enough to be felt, if anyone were to run their paw over it, but not enough to be seen.
"Is that satisfactory?" The stylist asked when he was done.
Yin nodded and handed him her credit chip.
"Where'd you get your side bags?" He asked, scanning the chip before handing it back.
Yin smiled, "I just came from Mereden Garb."
"A fine establishment if I've ever seen one." He said. 
The air outside was warm from the heat of the sun, and Yin set about licking the back of her paw where the stylist had clipped her fur behind a large, concrete wall that faced out toward the expanse of grass just beyond the city limits. 
Yin set about working on her front paws, slowly working her way back toward her back, her tongue pulling methodically at her fur. She was on the verge of working her way down her thighs, when  Meregal made his way out from the open grass lands, leaving a cracked, and dented path behind him.
He pulled up slowly next to her, watching her make progress.
"Can I lick your nose?" He asked.
Yin rolled her eyes, and turned to look at him. "What are you doing?"
"I thought you would say yes if I asked you if I could lick your nose." Yin shook herself and rose back on four legs. 
"I'm fine. You're quite strange for offering to lick my nose. Most Meregals would think you very weird." Yin raised her nose, and looked away haughtily. I think he needs a lesson on manners, She said to herself.
"I know." He looked at the ground, a puzzling expression of sadness and guilt.
"Did you expect me to say yes?" She asked.
He seemed a little uncertain, "I'm not sure."
Yin did her best imitation of a human eyebrow raise, "Well, sadly, I will not. As you can see, I am not interested in you licking my nose, and if I were to say yes, it would accomplish nothing."
He sort of waved his head off to the side, "I know."
"Well," Yin began, "What if, instead, you could show me around. I'm new here, and I'd like to get to know a bit more about the city."
"I'm not sure if I can do that, I'm not very good at showing people around. I live most of my life out there in the grasslands."
Yin opened her mouth in surprise. Maybe her vision of the jungle city of Jasper wasn't too far off. Perhaps the grasslands were the jungle in disguise, though it was true that there were far from enough trees, and practically nothing lived out there, now that the war had taken its toll.
"Could you show me the grasslands then?" She asked.
"Well, sure, I guess." He said, turning back toward the path he'd made. "Are you bringing anything in those bags you've got? It would be nice to know you're well provisioned before we go."
Yin shook her head, "There's nothing useful in here," She said gesturing to the side bags with her back paw. She felt herself become nervous as her situation began to sink in. She shied back from him, and felt as though her were pulling her into a trap.
"I have to go." She said, eyeing the street around them, and noticing they were alone. The Meregal watched her leave with pieces of regret and sadness, before turning back into the grasslands
Yin moved on, keeping her eyes forward, it had disturbed her to think this situation had just happened, but there had been something about him that had caught her attention; What had seemed to her to be a very strange, and distressing experience, he had taken with a graceful submission, almost as if the situation, and not him, was to blame for how she felt. Yin didn't know how to interpret this though, it occurred to her that his submissive spirit might just be what she needed in her life. She shook this from her head as soon as it came to mind. She didn't want to think about that male Meregal any more, she just wanted to get home.
Yin stopped out front of the Mereden Garb, and pulled out her communicator. "Can you come pick me up now?" She asked, when the line finally went through.
"Yes, Ma'am, just a second. Anything else I can do for you?" She asked.
"No, a ride will be enough." The communicator clicked off, and Yin put it back in her leg pouch.
Yin sat down on the curb and waited, her tail twitching idly. It was strange that the streets were so empty during the day, especially on a day like today, when the sun shined so pleasantly. And that boy, why had he interrupted me? Did he really think anything would come of his approach? It seemed likely that he was awkward, or homeschooled, and over sheltered. Yin dropped onto her side with a small huff, and looked at the sky, peeking through the towering structures of the city. There were clouds there, small ones that whipped across the sky in lines. If only things were as simple as floating across the sky, Yin thought, then I could drift across the world, without fear. She shook her head, clearing her thoughts away as the hover car returned. 
"Sorry to keep you waiting," The Meregal said, pressing a button and opening the passenger door.
"That's fine, I'm not very busy anyway." Yin sat down in the car, reached back, and pulled the door closed.
"So, what did you get?" She asked, eying the bags, and turning the car back onto the road.
"Nothing." Yin said, her voice downcast. "I was interrupted before I began shopping for clothes, by a male, and I left."
"Why did you decide to leave?" She asked, concern clearly heard in her voice.
"Just because." Yin said, "He saw me cleaning myself, and he asked if he could lick my nose."
"Did you let him?" The Meregal asked, frowning.
"No, I told him I wasn't interested. Why?" She asked.
"If a male asks a female to let him lick her nose, he is offering himself in marriage."
Yins jaw tightened, she felt bad for saying no now, but he had asked something so strange of her, she hadn't known what to do except say no. I came here to get married, or, at the very least, find myself a suitor, but here I am on my first day, and I've already made a mess of it. Yin pouted to herself. If only she knew better.
"Is there any chance I might see him again?" Yin asked.
"I'm not sure, there are plenty of Meregals here in the city. Why would you go back if he frightened you?"
"He didn't frighten me," Yin explained, "He asked if he could help clean me, and I refused because I didn't understand why he was asking."
"I'm sure that is a reasonable explanation." The Meregal said.
"What is your name anyway?" Yin asked, "You've been helping me out a lot, but I'm not sure what I should call you."
The Meregal smiled, "My name is Jovie. King Pen usually asks his staff to lay low, and a part of that is by staying anonymous." 
"Why? He introduced me to his personal guards. What makes you different?"
"I represent the servants in the tower." Jovie explained, "We're somewhat disposable because we only care for the menial work."
"That seems kind of rude to me." Yin said.
"It isn't all bad. King Pen seems to like me well enough, and I think that should suffice." Her eyes grew distant as if thinking of some far away memory. "I think he likes me though."
Yin held herself in, thinking again of the Meregal she'd met from the grasslands. "Have you told him this?" She asked, thinking her father would be happy to have someone serviceable like Jovie.
"No," Jovie sighed, "I want to tell him I like him too, but something always gets in the way."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, he's so busy all the time, I never get to sit down with him like I used to."
"So you were close once?"
"Yes." She sighed to herself again, as if letting go of some long held secret inside of her, "We used to talk a lot right after Tren died. He came to me often to talk it through, but he was afraid because he felt he wasn't meant to move on."
"What if you talk to him about it? I can ask him to come to my room, and you can be there as well."
"I don't know. I want to, but I'm afraid, Yin."
"If you are the friends you think you are, then it would be good for you to talk to him." Yin began, "Real friends stick up for each other regardless of choices that they may make."
Jovie looked at Yin with new respect, "You're quite knowledgeable for being so alone in life."
Yin shrugged it off, "I watch what other people do. That's how I learn what relationships are like."
"I just want you to know that I am very jealous."
"You know there isn't much to be jealous of."
"I know, I just wish I knew how to approach people more efficiently."
"You seem to do a pretty good job, if you ask me."
"Well, life isn't all sunshine and roses when you look under the hood. My relationships aren't based on knowing, their based on desire."
"Desire?"
"I'm only interested in the physical part of a relationship. The touching and kissing part."
"So?"
"Most people would say that's bad. I've done some bad things Yin, I don't think anyone will accept me if I were to tell them."
"That's bologna. I know for a fact people are more willing to accept an open, impure heart, than a closed, pure heart any day."
"Then you think it's a good idea to talk with your father?"
Yin mulled it over, "I don't know. I've only just met him, and he might be something different than he pretends to be."
"Pretends?"
"People always seem like they're pretending to be themselves to me. I don't really know why, but if someone is different, I look at them through my eyes and see what makes them different."
"Well, Yin, that's quite a perspective. I'll talk with your father about it when I get home. Are you sure that's okay with you?"
Yin nodded her head, "If I were to ask for anyone I've met so far, I would say you'd be the best Meregal to have around as a mother."
Jovie blinked, "I'm very happy to hear that."
It occurred to Yin then than Jovie might not have been interested in her father the way she'd expected her to be. 
"That is part of why you would like him, right?" Yin asked hesitantly.
"Of course." Jovie responded, "I just hadn't made the connection before."
"Well, it still makes no sense to expect something that won't occur if my Father isn't willing to accept your invitation."
"I know." She said, "But we'll still get the chance to be friends anyway." Jovie smiled as she said this, glancing approvingly at Yin.
Jovie pulled into the lot in front of the Tower and got out, handing the keys to the schofur who sat at the door. She turned to Yin, "I'll be back to your room once I'm done talking to him."
Yin watched her go into the front doors of the tower, a loping stride in her step, anticipating her conversation with King Pen.
It didn't take much time for Yin to return back up to her room on the eighteenth floor. She waited impatiently for Jovie's return, pacing about once she'd taken her bags off and put them on her dresser. Yin was sure there had been a fall out between the two of them, and she convinced herself her father had kicked her out, leaving Yin responsible for their failure. A time went on though, Yin became increasingly confident in their success. I hope they've bonded, she thought, I hope they like each other the way I wanted them to. It would be a total shame if it weren't true.
The door of her room opened then, and Jovie entered, King Pen trailing just behind.
Yin's ears fell flat against her head, afraid of what this meant.
"Yin." King Pen said, "I came here with Jovie to provide you with satisfaction.""What do you mean?" She asked.
"We're going to perform the mating ritual for you so that you will understand our customs."
Yin's heart leapt in her throat, "Does that mean you've decided to mate?"
King Pen laughed to himself, "It all depends on what Jovie says, doesn't it?"
Yin smiled and took her place on the floor, next to her bed.
"Watch and learn." King Pen said.
Jovie sat down off to the side.
"Ma'am." He began, "May I lick your nose?"
"Yes." Jovie smiled, and flopped onto her side. "Yin, pay attention, your part is quite simple, but you must play it with poise."
Yin's father approached her, and licked her nose. 
"Now, we are one." Jovie said.
Yin watched with quite amusement when the simple affair took place.
"Yin," Her father said, "I know this is your room, but can I have a moment to speak with Jovie in private?"
Yin nodded and left the room. She sat down in the hallway and stared at the flickering lamps. They were soft, their glow complimented by the deep red, crushed velvet walls on which they hung. 
Yin wasn't sure what would become of her life here in the Meregal city, Jasper, but she hoped she could live happily here. She'd made friends with her father, and now she was destined to have a mother too. The very thought of it sent chills down Yin's spine. She moaned to herself over the loss of her job in the palace down in her city Mentas but Marcus would be returning soon. She'd not had the chance to properly acquaint herself with him in the short while they'd been together but she'd begun to fear his brooding presence. Yin almost wished she didn't have to see him again.
When over half an hour had passed and Jovie and King Pen hadn't come out, Yin decided to go downstairs. The thought of it sounded damp and dark to her and she unwillingly confessed she would rather do nothing than go downstairs. Yin hummed a tune to herself, a short bar of music she'd timed with her own rhythm. Time continued to pass and Yin frowned into her reflection in the brass lamps. She'd become bored with the idea of waiting and stood up on all fours. 
The room was empty when she returned and nothing seemed out of place. Yin shrugged to herself and set up the kitchen with the intent of cooking something to relieve her boredom. She pulled a pan down from where it hung above the stove and was in the middle of frying an omelet when an alarm sounded all throughout the tower. Red lights flashed from the corners of the room and the noise was deafening.
Yin put her paws over her ears and turned the stove off. A Meregal wearing a green cap ran in. 
"Ma'am! the building is on fire! I need you to come with me!" He offered his paw.
Yin grabbed it, "What happened?"
"Someone sabotaged the electrical system on the third floor."
"Who-"
"No time for questions! We have to leave!" He pulled her from the room and ran down the hall. 
"We'll have to use the rope system on the backside of the tower to get down. Can you handle that?"
"I don't know! Why is this happening?"
The Meregal pulled her alongside a window and smashed it through with his paw. "I can't tell you! Shut up and get out!"
He grabbed Yin underneath her shoulders and tossed her out. Yin yelped as she landed on a ledge outside. It was a fire escape with ladders and ropes leading down to the ground far below.
"Grab a rope and hold on! It'll lower you down to the next rope! Grab that next and hold on until it drops you off at the bottom!"
"Okay." Yin turned and grabbed the first rope, her nerves making her paws sweaty. 
An explosion rocked the building from the hall behind and the body of the Meregal flew out, slamming hard against the iron railing next to Yin. He groaned.
Yin had fallen out into the air, her paws still clutching the rope when the explosion had hit. She dropped like a stone, the rope turning on a hidden pulley system. All too soon the rope stopped, sending searing pain through her paws as she slid down the last few feet. 
Yin hesitantly grabbed onto the second rope and closed her eyes, pushing herself away from the metal railing besides her as she fell down the last couple stories. She flinched as she neared the bottom, but the rope slowed down, and she set herself lightly on the pavement below. 
A massive fire had started somewhere in the building above, and flames leapt from the shattered windows all the way up the the top floor. Meregals ran to and fro around her, frantic but unable to help. 
Yin grabbed a scared looking female by the arm, "What's going on?"
"There's been an attack by the anti-assimilation movement."
"Why?"
"What do you think? They don't believe in human integration. Let go I have to leave." Yin released her and ran into the chaos at the base of the tower. Several Meregals had started a rescue attempt and were sending people into the building. In between the chaos, a robot stood staring up at the flames with a look of total abandonment, his eyes filled with a knowing sadness. 
"Marcus!" Yin yelled, driving her way through the crowd. The robot turned.
"Marcus! Is that you?"
The robot nodded its head sullenly and blinked twice. He looked a little better since she'd seen him last, but his general demeanour was caught up in some distant memory from the past. 
"Are you okay? When did you get here?" Yin took his head in a motherly way, and looked him over for any new dents or scratches. 
Marcus made his best attempt at a shrug, "I had just arrived when the building had begun to burn. I did not think you were safe." Yin recalled King Pen telling her that he'd have Marcus brought up the next day, today.
A smoky grey Meregal came and ushered Yin and Marcus into the building next door, pausing to tell them to sit still until the fire was put out, or the building was finished burning.
"Is King Pen and Jovie alright?"
The meregal paused, "We haven't found either of them yet." 
Yin absorbed this before another explosion rocked the building. 
Someone yelled outside and everyone frantically ran away from the tower. Dust and ash fell from the sky, blocking Yin's sight of the chaos outside. There was another explosion and the ground began to rumble underneath her.
Yin turned and faced the oncoming wave of smoke, closing her eyes and feeling the rush of the rough wind across her fur. The yelling became frantic outside, shouts being passed from mouth to mouth.
"The Tower has collapsed!" A voice shouted over the roar of the others.
A White female came and draped a blanket over Yin's shoulders.
"Where is King Pen and Jovie?" Yin asked.
The white female shook her head, "They were in the tower when it fell, in King Pen's study."
Yin bowed her head, mourning for the loss of her newfound family. Marcus stared on with his sad, drooping eyes as Yin curled up into a ball on the cold cement and cried. The white Meregal sighed, shaking her head, and left with more blankets for any of the other's whose terror caused them to feel the blows of their loss.
 
White Pillars surrounded Yin when she awoke. White cement, covered in grey, the air stifled by smoke. Her mind turned to remember why she was here. The cold concrete felt hard against her paws as she stood up, shaken by some disaster she couldn't quite grasp. A blanket slipped from her shoulders and a robot stood above her, its eyes filled with a knowing sadness she couldn't place. The sun's light played through the smoke, making trails of mist in the musky air. White stone shone above, an overhang above the pillars. 
Yin coughed but couldn't remember why she was coughing. Huge heaving gusts of air left her lungs, choking her dry throat. She leaned against a pillar for support, the cries of hundreds running through her mind. She was confused. She didn't know where she was.
The robot tried to approach but leaned its head in silent contemplation. Yin tried to ignore it. 
The smoke sat in a space just beyond the white pillars, a wall hiding a shifting field of black and white. Yin walked toward the bitter haze, wondering why so many people were running around. The robot followed just behind. 
There was an alley way just off past the source of the smoke, leading back behind several buildings where a Meregal couple stood, a grey female crying into the male's shoulder. Yin's eyes swept desperately across the open space, wishing for some meaning to come from all of this chaos. 
A large piece of jagged concrete stabbed through the mist, beckoning her with answers. Yin picked up the blanket, wrapped it tightly around herself and left the safety of the overhang. The piece of concrete got bigger as Yin got closer, most of it swallowed by the smoke. Several more pieces were lying just beyond, and then a pile. 
Yin kicked a piece of concrete and started to climb. 
"Don't go up there!" The robot yelled, its voice wavering through the ash.
Yin looked back but kept going. Left foot, edge. Right foot, flat step. Grab next hold with left paw. Right paw. Left foot, right foot, left paw right paw.
Yin grabbed a piece of lose concrete and slipped back a few feet, sending a shower of loose rubble down the concrete mess. 
A Meregal's foot protruded from the rocks where she'd lost her grip. Yin stared in astonished horror, wishing she knew what had happened.
She dropped her blanket and dug quickly until she'd uncovered a shoulder, light brown and hugged tightly by another arm. Yin let out a stifled squeak and turned back to the robot waiting at the bottom of the pile.
"Get help! Someone's in here!" Yin Scrabbled desperately, trying to uncover the hidden bodies. pieces of concrete clattered down the slope, uncovering a chest and arms. There were dried streaks on one of the bodies, a female, as if she'd been crying. The other, a male, had signs of sadness written across his face. Yin kept pulling until both were completely exposed. She pressed her ear against the male's chest. No response. She tried the female. 
Yin's heart beat cloaked her hearing and she pulled away in frustration. Several medical officials had begun climbing the pile beneath her. 
"Is anyone alive?" One asked, a white female that ticked something at the back of Yin's mind.
"I'm not sure, there are two here. One of them seems to be dead."
"What about the other?" The white Meregal called back.
Yin calmed her breathing and placed her ear against the female's chest again. She closed her eyes, blocking out the sounds around her and listened. 
A shallow, steady beat met her.
Yin opened her eyes and pulled away, "The female is alive!" She shouted to those below. The medical team hurried their efforts.
Yin gripped the edge of another block and continued pulling the broken pieces away from around the couple. She felt a paw on her shoulder. 
"We'll take it from here." The white Meregal said, carefully guiding Yin away from the bodies. She pulled a slender rod from a bag on her back, and snapped it against her paw. It elongated and split apart, forming a stretcher that hovered parallel to the ground. Another Meregal did the same and proceeded to move both bodies onto the carriers.
Yin kept climbing the pile, keeping an eye on the horizon for any break in the thick wall of grey. It confused her that so much smoke was pouring out of this seemingly endless pile of rock. She couldn't remember anything before she woke up, but she knew something devastating had happened. And something about the two Meregal's she'd found in the rocks seemed familiar to her. 
Yin shrugged mentally and moved on, keeping a steady pace until she stood at the top. A light breeze had started and the smoke had begun clearing away, letting the sun shine through, and Yin sat down to enjoy a moment's rest. 
 
The clouds dissipitated quickly after that, leaving a view of the devastation around Yin. She cocked her head in confusion, but her thoughts quickly turned to terror at the thought of where she stood. She huddled into a ball and watched the chaos in the streets below. Meregals rushed about, stifling injuries and unconscious friends. A team of scavengers worked desperately on the opposite side of the rubble pile, clearing debris in search of the dead or dying.
Yin felt the cool wind across her fur, stealing the warmth from her skin. She climbed down as quickly as she could, pulling the blanket back around her once she'd reached it, scrabbling down haphazardly after that to escape the chill weather.
The robot stood as it was before, watching Yin besides the concrete blocks along the outer limits of the broken building. Yin patted it on the shoulder and began walking away from the Meregal infested mound. 
"Robot, who are you?" She asked.
"I am Marcus." It cocked it's head but neglected to continue. Yin decided she would say it was male by the way it responded to her.
"Marcus, where am I?" 
Marcus looked confused, "You're in Jasper."
Yin had no recollection of such a place, in fact, she didn't remember anything from before she woke up.
"Have I been here long?" She asked.
Marcus did his best 'shrug' interpretation.
Yin frowned. "I guess there's nothing else to it then. I must be here for some reason, right? But anyway, why is it so cold? It wasn't any less than comfortable a few minutes ago." She turned back to the rubble pile where the other Meregals continued to dig through the broken pile. The sky was filling with clouds now, covering the sun between the tops of the buildings.
"A rain storm maybe?" She asked Marcus. 
Marcus eyed the ground.
Yin sighed and started walking down the mostly deserted street, leaving the burn sight behind. She continued down the street for about twelve minutes, Marcus following close behind, when she spotted an odd Male, peering out at her from behind a doorway.
"Come on." Yin said to Marcus.
The Male pulled back into the doorway when Yin saw him. 
"What are you doing in there?" Yin asked, pressing her eye through the crack in the door.
"Nothing. I was watching people passing through the streets. There was a fire at the Tower and now it's been destroyed." The Meregal shrank back from the door. "I didn't mean anything by it."
"Of course you didn't." Yin said. "My name is Yin and I'm not sure where I am."
The Meregal looked confused, "You don't recognize me?"
Yin examined him closely, "I honestly can say that I don't."
"You met me on the outer limits of the shopping area. I came out of the grass while you were preening."
"While I was preening?" Yin huffed to herself. "Why would you do that? That's rude!"
He blushed sheepishly. 
"I still don't remember who you are though. Will you help me?"
He seemed pleased with her question, but he kept his excitement to himself, afraid to scare her off. "Sure, you're in Jasper."
"I already know that much." Yin glanced back at Marcus who was staring distractedly at the almost imperceptible column of smoke coming from down the street.
"How?"
"He told me." She gestured back at the robot. "He's been following me ever since I woke up almost an hour ago."
"An hour ago? Does life go back any further than that? You're in Jasper and you can't even remember."
"I can remember plenty!"
"Like what? Tell me something that happened to you yesterday."
"I don't know! Tell me something that happened to YOU yesterday."
"I met you behind the shopping area, remember?"
"So? How can I even trust that I know you."
He shrugged, "I don't know. Try trusting me and see where it goes."
Yin fumed silently to herself, "Fine. Where to?"
"Where to, what?"
"Where are you going? I'm completely disoriented and I need somewhere to go."
"How about back to my place. There's plenty to do there."
"Are you serious? This sounds like a stocker just asked me if I want candy."
"So? Maybe the candy's worth the risk?"
Yin shook her head and sighed. "Spoken like a true moron."
"Alright, follow me if you want, but if you're ever out of sorts, just go away. I'm not here to hurt you, okay?"
"Okay." Yin replied, "Marcus, can you do anything other than follow me around? I'm going someplace I've never been and I doubt you'll be able to follow me."
"Why do you say that?" The Male asked.
Yin shrugged, "Intuition."
"I can use my arms like legs." Marcus replied.
"Good. Do that if you ever have to climb over anything."
Yin opened the door and pulled the male from his hiding place. "Lead on." She said, dragging him in front of her.
"Okay. Geez." The male pointed to a street branching off the main road. "We're going back toward the shopping area. After that, follow me through the grasslands on the outskirts of the city. I live about a mile in."
"Any chance you could live any closer?"
"Ha-ha. Very funny. Follow me." He started walking in the direction he'd pointed, crossing the street to the sidewalk on the other side.
"So what do you do for fun?" Yin asked.
"Me? I watch my siblings while my parents are out scavenging."
"Why do your parents scavenge? The city is right here. Can't they get a real job?"
"Obviously your memory loss goes deeper than the average joe." The male sighed. "Jobs in the city are given out to Meregals. Those who go searching for jobs will always run into a dead end because you can't earn one. The city holds all the records and if they think you can handle a specific task, they'll find you and offer you the job. If you never get asked, you have to find your own way out in the wilderness."
"Does a home in the city come with the job?"
He nodded, "That's one of the perks of being chosen. If the government thinks you can't handle the work and you don't know how to live off the land outside of the city, you'll end up dead or picked up by another group. Sometimes though, some Meregals get too close to the outer limits, and the humans come and take them away."
"Has that ever happened to you before?" 
"Being taken? Or getting moved to another group?"
"Both. But I meant, have you ever known someone who was taken?"
The male looked at the concrete at his paws as he trotted along. "I've known a few. But, none of them have been close enough to really care."
Yin tried changing the subject, "Do you know why it's getting so cold?"
"Eh, I'm not sure."
"Is it strange for this time of the year?"
"Not entirely."
"Then why is this happening?" 
"The time of the year I suppose."
Marcus stepped in and changed the subject. "Yin, I have a slight malfunction.""Where?"
"My motor circuits have become disconnected for one of my wheels. Can you fix it?"
Yin shrugged and looked at the Male, who stepped in, "I can fix it, just give me a second."
All three stopped at the next street corner while the Male undid the hatch on Marcus's back.
"Where is the disconnect?" He asked.
"You will find a cable in the bottom left corner of the main computer board."
"All I see here is an empty socket."
"The cable has fallen down."
The male reached his hand in and found the cable. "Got it." He connected it to the board.
"Are you guys done yet?" Yin asked.
"Yep." The male said, leading them across the next intersection. "The shopping area is just down this street."
They walked there in silence, Marcus trailing at the back and Yin nipping at the heals of the mysterious Male. They passed several stores and Yin itched the back of her leg when she saw a hair cuttery, feeling the naked patch of skin.
The male stopped again by a wall that separated the sidewalk from a field of grass. "This is where I met you before."
"Was it a pleasant experience?" Yin asked.
The male blushed, "I guess so. You seemed pretty okay with it."
Yin felt like she should punch him just then, but the urge soon dissapeared leaving her confused. "Why did I just feel like punching you?" She asked.
The male coughed, "I don't know. But we'll be to my place in about fifteen minutes."
Yin followed wearily and Marcus did his best to keep up once they'd started into the tall grass.
The dry stocks brushed irritatingly against Yin's belly. She scratched hard as each piece of grass tickled her fur. 
"Why do you live in such a gross place?" She asked.
"What do you mean?" 
"The grass is so irritating. Why would anyone want to live out here?"
He shrugged. "I don't really think we had a choice."
Yin shrugged back and pushed the grass away with her paws. "Well tell your ancestors to pick somewhere nicer next time."
"Yeah, next time I come across a time machine, I'll do that." He said, rolling his eyes.
The wind whipped roughly through Yin's hair, throwing her off balance and onto a flat rock along the side of the path.
"Why is the wind so annoying?" She asked.
"I don't know. Why are you letting it trip you up?" He countered.
He moved off the path and nuzzled Yin back onto her feet.
Yin pouted quietly and followed closely behind."Do you always do so many annoying, yet helpful things?" Yin began.
"Do you always end every sentence with a question?"
"That isn't fair!"
"Is it?" He looked over his shoulder. "And no, you're just a real nut case."
"A nut case! You're the one who thinks it's a good idea to invite unsuspecting young Females to your home, and -quite possibly- a very unsatisfactory, early death."
He laughed, stopping next to a large boulder. "You really need to get out more."
"Hey! If you will remember, I have no idea where I am and my memory is shot through like a broken target."
"Very witty of you. And I know, I'm just messing with you."
"Well, mess with someone else. I'm already confused as it is. I don't need you putting any more on my plate."
"'-putting any more on my plate.' You're starting to sound like an old book I once ran into."
Yin pouted again but held her silence. A large domed structure had just appeared over the hill. Several kittens were busy rolling around in the dirt out front, play fighting from what Yin could tell.
"We're here." The male said, loping quickly ahead. He stopped at the kittens and joined in, nudging the younger Meregals around with his nose.
Yin sighed quietly to herself, but smiled at the Male's playful attitude.
A female, somewhere in her middle years, came out of the domed structure dragging a pan with a rope behind her.
"Lunch time everyone!" She said, eyeing the ominous clouds gathering on the horizon. "I'm going to need everyone inside once your done. I don't want you getting wet when the storm hits." She spotted the Male playing with the kittens. "Jerrem! Where have you been? I've been almost incapacitated since you left!"
"Sorry mother!" He stood up. "I was out watching the tower once it had collapsed."
Jerrem's mother eyed him suspiciously, "What are you talking about?"
"The tower in the city. It collapsed from an electrical sabotage."
"When? What happened? Did anyone get hurt?"
Jerrem shook his head, "I'm not sure. I didn't talk to anyone, but I overheard that a few were found in the wreckage when everything stopped falling."
Yin stepped forward hesitantly, "I found two Meregals in the rubble. One of them was dead, but the other had landed unconscious."
Jerrem's mother's eyes flared when she saw Yin, a look of distaste clearly written on her face. "Jerrem, who is this?"
"Oh!" Jerrem coughed nervously, "This is the female I spoke with yesterday. She had some kind of tramautic breakdown since then and she's lost her memory."
His mother looked confused, "Why is she here?"
"She was wandering around lost, and I decided to give her a place to stay until she can remember enough to get back home."
"I remember where she's from." Marcus quipped.
"You do?" Yin asked, surprised. "Where am I from?" 
"From Mentas. The city with human and Meregal integration."
"Was I happy there?"
"No, your life was falling apart."
Yin thought in silence.
"Anyway." Jerrem cut in. "Can she stay until things change?"
Jerrem's mother grimaced, "I can't keep up with your siblings as it is. You'll have to find a way to feed her until she leaves. All I'm willing to do is provide a place to stay. Is that final?"
"Yes. That's final." Jerrem answered.
By this time, the kittens had begun munching away on whatever Jerrem's mother had dragged out of the dome, fighting over whatever scraps they could glean from the mess. Yin looked on with contempt when she realized how hungry she was. 
"Jerrem, since that seems to be your name, can you get me something to eat? I haven't had the opportunity to do so since I woke up."
"You woke up two hours ago, tops.""Well, since I can't remember the last time I ate, I have the right to say I'm hungry."
Jerrem glowered at her silently. "Mom, take care of Yin until I come back. I'm going scavenging."
"Scavenging where?" His mother asked.
"Out by the wreck past the narrow stream."
"Okay. Be careful, there's been some territory staking since your father was there last."
"Will do. See you later Yin! Good luck!"
Yin nodded vaguely in his direction. "Where am I staying?"
"Somewhere on the lower floors. I can show you the options." She paused. "Yin huh? You out searching for your Yang or something?"
Yin rolled her eyes, "Very funny."
The mother laughed at her own joke and went inside, dragging the empty pan behind her. Yin was surprised to realize the dome was actually the cockpit of a large hovership that had been buried deeply into the earth. When the female had said lower floors, she'd meant the lower decks of a multi-level system of crew quarters that were used by the original owners of the craft. Yin followed with some excitement as Jerrem's mother led her to an unopened door.
"We've never used this room before," Her guide said, "And we've never looked inside, but hopefully it will suffice." She turned and went back upstairs to round up the kittens.
The door was labeled 'navigator' and Yin instantly understood why they'd never bothered to mess with it since the ship didn't 'navigate' any more. Marcus had come behind her and watched wearily as Yin opened the door for the first time. It was dark inside, and yin could make out a row of monitors along the side of a large desk, which was actually a screen covered with the tell tale signs of a holo-touch screen. She flicked a switch on the side of the desk and a topographical map of the surrounding area rose hauntingly from the surface, casting the room in a faded green. There was a bed back in one corner, hidden behind a curtain that could be drawn across to offer the navigator privacy when the room was in use. Yin brushed some of the dust off and snapped the sheets out in a cloud of old dirt.
"This place seems kind of cozy." She said.
Marcus nodded distractedly, eyeing something in the other corner. An old stack of boxes and crates, left untouched since before the war. Yin glanced at Marcus before moving toward them.
"Do you think they'll mind if I look through this?" She asked. Marcus remained silent.
"Well, here goes nothing then." Yin pawed through a few boxes of discarded magni-cartridges, and stopped when she found an old data disk.
"Marcus, put this in the computer." Yin handed the robot the disk, who turned it over in his metal grippers. 
"Yin," He said, "I doubt this computer will have the technical capacity to use such obsolete technology."
"Nonsense. Just hold the disk over the screen. It should play from there." Yin went back to scrounging through the pile.
Marcus blinked and placed the disk in the middle of the screen.
"Verifying data disk." The computer said in a distinct monotone. An old file system display appeared on the hologram.
"Yin, the disk has been successfully read."
"Just a moment." Yin was leaning heavily onto the pile, her paws reaching for something at the bottom. She strained, pushing against the walls of the room to extend her reach, her arms scrabbling at the object she was trying to get. She pushed herself off the pile when she grabbed it.
"Check it out Marcus! It's an old communications orb!" She held out a black ball about the size of a large apple. Several different lights and glass lenses dotted its surface.
Marcus cocked his head, "How do you know that?"
Yin shrugged, "I guess my memory's coming back. Do you know if it will work?"
Marcus didn't answer.
"Okay. Take a look through that old file system while I get this thing working again." Yin sat down on the bed and started tinkering with different pieces of the orb.
Marcus turned back to holo-projector, which blinked green in the dark room. His gaze searched searched the device until he found a control mechanism, turning his attention back to the display. The files were arranged in alphabetical order, starting with the number zero, and ending with the letter Z. Marcus flicked the control and read the file names as they drew past. 
"Am I to search for any particular subject, Yin?" He blinked and turned toward the hidden sleeping quarter where Yin was busy reconnecting a loose battery connection in the communicator.
"Just search for anything relevant to Meregals and the cities Jasper and Mentas."
Marcus returned to the earlier files and moved them into a separate folder.
"There are exactly thirty six entries concerning Meregals, Jasper, or Mentas. Seven of which include all three subjects within the same reports and video documentation."
"Video documentation?"
"Yes. It seems this data disk was a personal archive the Navigator created for himself to entertain on long voyages."
Yin stopped working for a moment and turned to Marcus, "What makes you say that?"
"These files are mostly civilian reports, most often shown on news and online resources. The rest is strictly human literature."
Yin mulled this over for a moment. "What can you tell me about where I came from, Marcus?"
"I was purchased by you no less than three days ago. At the time you were suffering from a severe emotional breakdown once your human step father abandoned you for insignificant reasons. You left for Jasper a day later and I was escorted there as well a day or so later by a Meregal who claimed to be doing so at your request."
"That really doesn't make a lot of sense."
Marcus blinked.
"Did my father say why he left?"
"He said he couldn't take care of you anymore."
"Why would he say that?" Yin asked herself. Her memory was still out of order, but something didn't seem right. Her next question was cut off by an entrance at the door. Jerrem waited there awkwardly, a side bag draped over his back.
"I brought you something." He said, shuffling into the room, his head down.
Yin put the orb down on the bed and pushed a few pieces back in place, resulting in a hum as the ball slowly rose into the air.
"Scanning vicinity for base user."
"Base user Yin. Confirm base use."
"Base user 'Yin' confirmed."
Yin looked pleased with herself before addressing Jerrem.
"I suppose it should be something good." She said.
"Well, yes, I hope so." Jerrem grabbed something from the bag with his teeth and placed it next to Yin on the bed. 
Yin's eyes lit up in recognition. "Where did you find an old synthcard?"
"There's a whole bunch of them in a wreck just a few miles from here, and I'd noticed you didn't have one."
Yin smiled at him appreciatively, "Thank you! I think this is just what I needed."
"It doesn't have any juice left though, none of them do, but I'd hoped you'd find a use for it anyway."
"Oh no that should be fine." Yin grabbed the card and went back to the stack of crates, grabbing a magni-cartridge from one of the boxes. It had an old adaptor for electronics and Yin busied herself with finding the right one. "If this works, I'll be greatly indebted to you."
Jerrem nodded distractedly, "How do you know what it is?"
Yin shrugged and connected the adaptor to the synthcard which glowed a welcoming blue. "Intuition I guess. Either that or I've just retained a general comprehension of electronics."
"Huh, that's pretty cool I guess." He drifted off into silence. "Anyway, I brought you something to eat. Hopefully you aren't too picky cause it's a bit old and I'd be fairly cautious around moving objects once you're done."
"Moving objects?"
"Yeah, like hovercars and stuff. If you ride in one and this food doesn't sit well with you, you might throw up or something."
Yin gave him the raised eyebrow and Jerrem coughed.
"Anyway, here you go." He drew something else out of his pack and set it on the ground, making a quick retreat from room, and up to a higher floor.
Yin's eyes were drawn to the floor where he threw her dinner. She was agast at his rude behavior and motioned to the old food packages with a wave of her paw.
"See what I have to live with?" She said.
Marcus's eye stock jerked unsteadily between Yin's paw and the discarded objects. 
"I don't understand your implication."
Yin shook her head and moved back to the floating communications orb.
"These things are good for roconnasance you know." Yin began, "They were designed as interpretters once the Meregal race was discovered, but we learned the human tongue before too long and they weren't needed anymore."
Marcus watched her unsteadily.
"I guess the Meregal race turned out to be more effective than the humans when all was said and done, yeah?"
Yin pouted to herself when Marcus didn't respond. 
"Anyway, what can you tell me about Meregals, Jasper, and Mentas?"
"Downloading files now." Marcus scanned through the files on screen. "Jasper was intended as a research post before the war. In time, the Meregal population began to spread from this point, the first point of contact in the human records, and began working its way east and west along the major highways, eventually becoming a major influence in human society."
"And what of Mentas?"
"Mentas is nothing more than an old strip mine, settled by the human workers once production ceased." He paused, "They mined an organic mineral named Urimine, dubbed after James Urimine who first discovered it."
"Urimine?"
"Yes. James Urimine."
Yin shrugged her shoulders.
"Do any of the research facilities still exist in Jasper?"
"Unknown."
"Can't you check the map? This is a navigator's cabin. I think you should look it up."
"Yin, the chances of this map being correct after the last hundred years are slim."
"Well, look it up anyway. I want to see if the ruins still exist."
Marcus blinked. "Your behavior concerns me. Why are you interested in the research facilities of Jasper?"
Yin rolled her eyes, "I have nothing else to do. Do you really think I want to spend the rest of my life here in this wreck?"
"I think you owe it to Jerrem to show some appreciation." Marcus said.
"Why?"
"He's being nice to you, which is more than you've done for him."
"He's weird, and I don't want to talk about him."
Marcus didn't respond.
"Fine," Yin said, "Just give me a moment."
She moved off into the curtained bed and closed the drapes, letting the communications orb through before lying back on the bed.
She really had been a jerk to him, even if she thought he deserved it. Yin stretched and spread out on the bed, yawning widely. He had been nice to her, she admitted to herself, and he was kind of cute in an off kilter, puppyish kind of way.
"Yin," Marcus called, "I've memorized the coordinates of the nearest fascility."
Yin sat up and opened the curtain, "Nearest? How many are there?"
"Three." He said, pinpointing the spots on the topographical map displayed above the holo-projector. "One is located at the center of Jasper, underground main street."
"Can we go there?"
"Uncertain. The entrance is located directly beneath the Tower."
"Is it accessible?"
"Uncertain." He moved on. "The second is located in the grasslands three miles north of our current location."
"And the third?"
"Uncertain. Insufficient data. The coordinates were not included in the discription."
Yin mulled this over. 
"You have any prior plans Marcus?"
"No." Marcus responded.
"You wanna come with me on a little adventure?"
Marcus neglected to respond.
Yin shrugged, "Tell Jerrem I'm leaving for the ruins in the morning."
"Why not go now?" Marcus asked.
Yin paused, "Good point. Grab your things, we're going. And I guess I'll tell Jerrem we're leaving myself."
Marcus looked around uncertainly and grabbed the data disk sitting on the holo-projector.
Yin rolled her eyes, "Marcus, I was joking. You don't actually own anything."
He set the disk back down.
"Follow me." Yin Swept past him, the communications orb floating just behind, and traversed the stairs lightly. Marcus rolled out of the room hesitantly, closing the door behind him.
"Yin, I'm afraid I won't be capable of following you through the grasslands. My current chasis is incompatible with the current terrain."
Yin stopped at the top of the stairs and turned around.
"Oh! well that shouldn't be too much of a problem." She said, "Do you have a personality chip built into your system?"
Marcus looked her up and down, "Yes."
"Good. I'm going to open you up and connect your personality to the communications orb."
Marcus eyed the orb floating near her head.
"It is located on the motherboard next to the-"
"I know." Yin cut in, "Turn around."
Marcus turned his back to the stairway and faced the end of the hall. Yin's footsteps echoed as she came back down the stairs. 
Yin picked the orb out of the air and turned it off, untwisting the service hatch.
"Marcus, don't be afraid."
Marcus didn't respond.
Yin sighed and opened up the back of the robot. There were a series of switched just above the personality chip, meant to control power use. Yin turned them all to the off position and gently pried the half-inch square from his back.
Inside the orb, Yin removed the basic command/translator processor and replaced it with Marcus's chip, closing the service hatch and turning it back on. A red light flickered on the orb before it rose into the air, it's mag unit coming online.
"Well," Yin said, "that should about do it. Can you hear me Marcus?"
"Yes Yin." Marcus's voice came through the internal speakers on the orb.
"Everything working?"
"Yes Yin. All systems are functioning. Movement systems now prioritized for rough terrain."
"Good." Yin opened the navigator's room and wheeled Marcus's empty shell back into the corner with the crates and boxes.
"Now," She said, "On to the ruins."
She put the communications orb's personality chip in a satchel hanging on the inside of the sleeping curtains, and put it around her neck. Yin closed the curtains and left the room, latching the door closed behind her. Jerrem was somewhere on the upper levels and she needed to talk to him before they left. She loped up the stairs, taking them three at a time, as Marcus tried to keep up. 
Yin searched through a couple hallways and several floors up on the ship where she finally found Jerrem in a make-shift kitchen behind the stove, playing some kind of computer game and eating from a tube of food paste.
Yin kicked him roughly, jolting him from whatever he was doing.
"Ow! What is wrong with you?" He asked, rubbing his side.
"I'm going out to see the ruins with Marcus."
"What ruins? There are hundreds of them out here."
"There was once a research facility within three miles of our current location." Marcus put in. "Yin has determined she wants to visit."
Jerrem looked at Marcus, "Why does that floating ball sound like your robot?"
"I transferred his personality so he could follow me." Yin shrugged.
"Well that's crazy." Jerrem said, "I'm staying here. You two have fun doing whatever you want, I have more important things to do."
"Like playing the human's computer games?"
Jerrem blushed, "So?"
"Nothing. I just thought you should know you're not really accomplishing anything important."
"Well, fine," He closed the lid of the computer, "I'm coming with you."
"It would be beneficial to have more people along." Marcus said.
Yin left the kitchen without looking back. Marcus followed behind and Jerrem slid his computer under the stove, sticking the tube of food paste into his side bags.
"Did you eat the food I gave you?" He asked, running on all fours to catch up.
"No." Yin said. "I don't want your food."
"But you'll starve if you don't eat anything."
"So? Maybe I don't want to live."
"Yin, you know that's a lie. You strut around like you don't want to hang around, but you don't look like you want to kill yourself."
"Well, something inside of me says you're wrong." Yin pounded up the stairs, the sound of rain getting louder on the steel dome of the crashed ship.
Jerrem followed without saying anything.
The ground had turned to mud outside as the storm progressed, leaking water between the stairs and into large buckets placed underneath. The storm had come while Yin had been in her new room, and she guessed it hadn't been going on for more than a few minutes.
The grass was being tossed every which way by the wind, and the rain was falling in sheets, making a perfect stage on which the lightning flashed threateningly off in the distance.
"Are you sure you want to go out right now!" Jerrem yelled over the harsh patter of rain, "It's kind of dangerous and I don't think my mom would forgive me if you died out there!"
"I'll be fine!" Yin yelled back, her fur whipping back and forth in the wind, "Just tell your mom it's my fault and you tried to stop me!"
"She'd kill me anyway cause I didn't catch you!"
"Well, just come with me! If I die, you'll just die with me and you won't have to face your mother!"
"That's really stupid!"
Yin laughed to herself, and grabbed Marcus out of the air, putting him in the satchel she'd found in her room.
"See you whenever!" She yelled, fighting her way into the rain. A huge gust of wind caught her unaware and almost tossed her on her side, splattering her with rain.
Jerrem growled to himself in frustration and leapt out of the domed entrance. He'd neglected to bring waterproof protection and he silently cursed himself as the rain soaked through his fur.
They trudged through the wet grass, their flanks streaked with mud from puddles that were turning the land into a swamp land. Yin kept at the lead, following Marcus's directions from within the satchel. 
The storm let up within the hour, and the clouds dissapeared, leaving the sky a dull red as the sun began its descent toward the horizon. It was still cold, but Yin pulled her best effort into forgetting her discomfort. Jerrem, on the other hand, complained loudly whenever he stepped into another mud puddle or slipped on a piece of scrap metal from the war.
"Don't you think it's kind of crazy that so much was left out here after the war?" Yin finally asked. She'd let Marcus out of her satchel once the rain let up, and he hovered close by.
"I'm not sure." Jerrem responded.
"I mean, honestly, it seems like such a waste to leave so much out here to rust when most of it's still useful."
"Not really." Jerrem said, "Most of the technology is obsolete, and it would take a long time to dig it all up. Most people just assume it isn't worth the effort."
"I guess."
"Destination reached." Marcus said.
"Where is it?" Yin asked.
"Located beneath the Earth."
"How far?"
"Aproximately twelve feet."
Jerrem whistled."Are you positive this is worth the effort?" He asked.
"Yes, I'm positive." Yin said. She knew the digging would cause a delay, but she was curious and determined to find out what happened in the research facility. It was like a fixation in her heart, a deep necessity to know what was lying below. Yin's eyes went out of focus as the torrent filler her thoughts.
"Are you okay?" Jerrem asked, "You look kind of out of it."
Yin shook her head, "Oh. Sorry, I was just thinking." She began pulling the mud from underneath her, digging herself a few inches deeper. 
Jerrem watched as she slowly made progress, shoring up several feet in a few minutes.
"Do you want me to go get someone to help?" Jerrem asked. "My dad has a friend with a power digger if you'd like."
"No." Yin said, heaving another armful of dirt out of the pit. "I'm doing this myself."
"Sure, okay." Jerrem laid down and kept an intent eye out as Yin worked her way deeper into the harder soil untouched by the sudden rainstorm.
It took Yin almost half an hour to give up, her body wasted from clawing at the unforgiving dirt deeper down. Jerrem neglected to initiate sympathies when she finally pulled herself from her hole, her brown fur matted with drying mud, and her expression downcast and thoughtful.
"I think I'll try again tomorrow." She finally said, after a few moments of silence.
She began walking back the way they came, the mud squelching between her toes. Marcus and Jerrem followed behind without comment, seeing the neccessity of silence on Yin's behalf.
They stopped only once on the way back to the crashed hovership, to wash what they could from their fur, and drink from a stream that passed close by. Yin wasn't in a hurry to get back. The moon had already come out, and the stars filled the night with their comforting glow, and Yin had nothing but time to waste for the coming day.
"Thanks for coming out here." Yin said once they'd made it back to the ship. "I apreciate the support."
"It was nothing." Jerrem said. 
"Thanks anyway." Yin tried to smile, and went back inside. Her new bed was calling her, and she wanted nothing more than to fall asleep.
Marcus trailed behind, leaving Jerrem alone to gaze out at the warm night sky.
 
Yin's claws ticked on the metal steps leading back to her room, covering the muffled sounds of kittens whispering in one of the rooms just above her own. She passed it quietly, keeping the pads of her paws pushed firmly into the grating in the floor with each step. She swept down the last flight of stairs, and gently pried open her door. It was still dark inside, illuminated by the soft glow of the holo-projector in the middle of the room. She clicked the door closed behind her and laid down on her bed, closing the curtains, and pulling the covers over her shivering form. 
Marcus set himself down on the surface of the holoprojector, but joined Yin on her pillow when she called for him. Yin turned him off and set him down next to her, holding the orb close to her chest like a comfort object. 
And with nothing more than a fleeting memory of some distant terror, Yin fell asleep, her tired body succumbing to the call.
The next morning, Yin awoke with a terrible crick in her neck. She wasn't used to the hard surface of the bed, and the pillow wasn't much better. Marcus was still turned off but he'd rolled off the bed during the night. 
Yin flipped her legs over the side, and drew the curtain back. The room was still dark, the windows to the outside having been blocked by the dirt and rock that buried the rest of the ship. 
She'd forgotten to take the satchel off before falling asleep, and it hung around her neck. She took it off and set it down next to her pillow. In a moment of interest, Yin pulled her new synth card out of the bag. It was almost noon, according to the device.
Yin grabbed her satchel, stuffed both her synth-card and Marcus into it, and ran up to find Jerrem, taking a moment to grab the old food packets from off her floor.
She found him sitting in the make-shift kitchen again, chewing on a tube of food paste and playing on his computer. 
"What are you doing?" Yin asked.
Jerrem looked over at her indifferently, some task taking his attention.
"I'm rebuilding Rome."
"Rome?" Yin asked.
"Yeah," Jerrem said, "Someone destroyed it, and now I'm trying to rebuild."
"What kind of game are you playing?"
"It's some kind of army command game."
"Like, you lead an army to take over the world?"
Jerrem coughed into his paw hesitantly, "Kind of."
"Well, that's great."
They both fell into silence.
"Is there anything to do around here?" Yin asked.
"Not really." Jerrem answered, "If you really want, you can go exploring down in the ship, most of it is off limits though."
"Why is that?"
"Well, there's a lot of dangerous stuff down there, like the old ammo cache which has mostly rusted to pieces. It's kind of a bad idea to explore around that area."
"Where is it?"
"Most of the lower levels."
"Then why did you suggest it?"
"I don't know. Why are you so bored and unresourceful?"
Yin 'hmmphed' to herself, "So where did you get this food again?"
"Across the stream aways."
"Can I go there instead?"
"Yeah, sure." He looked up, and paused his game. "You'll see a pathway just to the right of the door outside. Follow it till you reach an airplane with one wing sticking up in the air."
"Where is the other wing?" Yin asked.
Jerrem rolled his eyes, "Underground, obviously. And the ship is actually a lot bigger than it looks from outside. For some reason, the wreck is actually composed of two separate machines, one on top, the other beneath. The one below is a lot older, and it's a lot bigger."
"Can I get inside?"
"I guess you can."
"Great." Yin said, unenthusiastically. "Have fun ruining your life."
Jerrem just waved her away, an evil glint in his eye.
Yin went back upstairs to the top deck and left the domed cockpit. Much of the mud had dried since last night, leaving dark splotches every couple feet. She put her hand in her satchel and turned Marcus back on. He rose out of the bag and looked around, his eye lenses taking stock of their surroundings.
"Yin." He asked, "Are you determined to return to the research facilities to try again?"
"No." Yin said, "I'm going to a different place right now. A crashed ship that Jerrem mentioned."
"Is he not coming as well?"
"He's busy at the moment. Playing with the lives of millions in a virtual simulator." Yin said sarcastically.
"I take it you're annoyed with him."
"I'm always annoyed with him."
Yin started walking in the way of the path, "We're supposed to follow this path until we reach a wrecked airplane with a wing sticking out of the ground."
"Yin, I'm just a displaced cleaning bot. I follow directions. I don't give opinions."
"Well that's an odd thing to say." Yin said. 
It took no more than fifteen minutes for Yin and Marcus to see the plane. It was old, rusty, and had taken on a brownish hue. The path ran around the plane on either side, making it a monument in the middle of the road. The grass surrounded it like an overgrown lawn.
"It seems Jerrem failed to mention the tail of the plane as well as the wing." Marcus said.
"I'm sure it was just a technicality." Yin answered.
Yin walked up to it and ran a paw along its flank, getting flecks of rust on her fur. She walked around the body of the plane until she found an open hatch on the other side, the door having been ripped off and cast somewhere into the underbrush off the path.
Marcus hesitantly followed Yin into the plane. It was dark inside, the only light coming from a few shattered windows above the surface of the ground. The seats were all dirty and old, ripped in places where other scavengers came looking for salvage. A few had were unbolted and missing, taken back to someone's home to provide an extra chair or two for their family. The ground was tilted at an alarming angle, making it necessary for Yin to hop from seat to seat to get down toward the cockpit. 
The attendants quarters weren't much better, having lost everything to the scavengers. 
The door to the cockpit was gone and the windshield at the very tip of the nose was shattered, leading to a black hole, the space just beyond lost in the low light. 
Yin squinted through the almost impenetrable darkness, her eyes working their hardest to adjust to the black pools. 
"Marcus," Yin said, "any chance it'd be safe to climb through the windshield?"
"Negative." Marcus said, "There is a high probability that you will suffer from sever lacerations on both your paws and flank if you were to try to navigate around the glass."
"Alright." Yin said. She sifted through the different blotches in the darkness until she saw a large hole in her field of vision where the boarding hatch was supposed to be.
"Marcus," She said, pointing to the hole. "I found something."
Marcus turned an eye in the direction she was pointing. 
"What is it?" He asked.
"It looks like a way down." She paused, "Do you have any kind of light source?"
Marcus flicked a light on in the outside of his shell.
"Yes."
He turned the light across several cabinets and stopped on the open hatchway, illuminating the door frame and the lumpy dirt wall just beyond.
Yin nodded in Marcus's general direction and stepped carefully through the empty doorway, keeping a paw on the frame for balance. She stepped down lightly onto the packed earth beneath and waited until Marcus had followed and flashed his light across the nose of the plane and onto another door that stood a few feet beyond, it's surface flat, and marked as an entry way to an old building by the seemingly impenetrable wall of concrete that made up the rest of the end of the tunnel. There wasn't a lot of room to get around the plane, and so Yin squeezed herself past the nose, getting dirt on her back and tail and rust all down her front. Marcus followed through.
"I'm not so sure this is a machine like Jerrem said." Yin said, brushing herself off.
"Perhaps It's identity was mistaken."
"I don't know," Yin said, "He seemed pretty sure of himself, and I wouldn't doubt how many people have probably already been here, seeing as the tunnel isn't natural."
Yin approached the door and ran her hand along the surface until she found a handle. She turned it with some difficulty, and pulled the door open. A gust of cold air hit her from the room inside. Yin stood there, a little shocked when she realized how big the room was just beyond."I'm not so sure this place is what people think it is." She said slowly.
Marcus stared silently into the void just beyond, his light unable to penetrate the depth of the chamber, and his personality chip unimpressed with the size of the room.
There were steps leading down into the blackness, straight out across the room and down to some distant object far below. Yin searched out a light switch on the wall and flipped the handle when she found it. 
The room burst into light, revealing a huge, elongated sphere on some kind of railed landing platform, floating above a seemingly endless abyss. A single walkway led from behind the ship on to a hole in the wall, just big enough to act as a doorway into the next room.
Yin's paws made an aweful clanging noise when she stepped down on to the stairs, carefully putting pressure onto the cut slits that gave the step traction. The iron walkway shuddered from the unexpected weight, and Yin grabbed the handrail instinctively, waiting until she was sure the rust covering the steps was just cosmetic. 
She stepped down lightly after that, before taking the steps two at a time, the platform practically racing to meet her. She hit the elongated sphere before she could stop herself, the pads on her paws hitting first and her arms taking the majority of the impact. 
Yin shuddered when she looked back toward the airplane. The door was letting light back toward the front of the plane, illuminating only a few feet beyond. 
Marcus took his time catching up, giving Yin a few seconds to run around the giant blob sitting on the platfrom. She stopped when she'd found some indentations on the side. Marcus floated patiently beside her.
"This is some kind of ship." Yin said, almost imperceptibly to herself.
Marcus ran a quick diagnostic on the hull of the craft.
"This seems to be of alien origin." He said, "I assume you are correct."
Yin put pressure on the hull, targetting the spots that seemed to protrude like buttons.
"Yin," Marcus began, "I doubt you will find success. This ship seems to be of an older age, just as the machines above. You will not find success if you continue."
Yin ignored him. 
"I'm not sure if it's going to work, Marcus. But I have to try." She stopped playing with the ship and stared at it for a moment. "The lights on the ceiling worked. That should mean someone has a reason to come down here."
"I'm not sure you're thinking this through."
"Marcus, please keep to yourself for a moment." Yin squinted and looked closer at the hull, bringing her nose less than an inch away. Her mind raced at what she saw. 
"Marcus, I need you to look at this." She backed away and pointed to where she was looking. Marcus adjusted his eyepiece and moved closer.
"There is an entire world in this device."
Yin had seen the origins of her people in this space craft. Layers upon layers of miniaturized rooms, less than a millimeter in height, had carried her predecessors here from the stars. The rooms themselves seemed accessible from the outside, but Yin wasn't sure how. She observed the layout of the indentations on the side one more time, noticing for the first time their order.
A knob, followed by a button followed by two more knobs, a button, and a single, almost imperceptible, switch. All blended in with the texture, color, and finish of the device. Yin rubbed her forehead in frustration when she realized their significance.
"I am so dumb." She said, "These knobs control both the location of the door and the size I want to make. The rest is nothing more than an execution of commands." She ran around to the other side of the vessel where a small window had opened, enlarging one of the tiny rooms of the ship.
"If I flip the switch again, it should close back up." She flipped the switch and watched as the window shrank back into the hull. "I wonder how large my species really is." She said to herself.
She went back and flipped the switch back on, pressed the first button, and turned the second and third knob until a tiny, red light illuminated a single point on the ship beside her. 
"Marcus," She said, "I think you were wrong." She twisted the first knob as far as it would go then punched the button next to it. The red dot expanded, slowly bringing a corridor into focus on the ship. 
A door covered the entrance and Yin stepped in when the spot had finished expanding. She coughed as the stale air filler her lungs, reminding her of its age, and warning her to be weary of anyone and anything aboard the ship.
"I think Jerrem wasn't joking when he told me the wreck was huge." Yin said. Marcus simply flicked his light on in response and went ahead. Yin followed behind, letting Marcus take the lead. The ground was smooth, made of the same metal alloy as the hull. Straw littered the floor beneath her paws, giving her steps a crunch that caused her to wince. 
She looked up, startled, when she hit her head on Marcus, who'd stopped in the middle of the hallway.
"Yin," He said, "I think we need to leave." 
"Why?" Yin said, pushing past him and walking through his light, dropping the end in shadow.
"These premesis are guarded by something inhuman."
"I'm inhuman." She shot back, "Trying to get at me for that or something?"
"No." Marcus said, "The term inhuman implies something unlike a human in character and form. The creature I am referring to exists as some-" He didn't finish. Yin had been sucked into an adjacent corridor by something large. She'd screamed, but the sound hadn't come out, her air already gone from the force of the grip.
Marcus floated in the hallway. He'd seen Yin being taken, but now he was unsure what to do. His basic programming was designed to help in times of need, but the action required was beyond his capacity. 
He followed behind, mapping the sound waves left by the thing that took Yin. Through corridors and rooms Marcus followed, shining his light ahead as a signal. 
Eventually, the vibrations stopped, and Marcus had to rethink his strategy. Yin was beyond his range of hearing and so he was at a loss, the size of the ship dwarfing his capacity to navigate its entirety, and the knowledge that a systematic search would become pointless once Yin was moved.
Marcus sat in silence, his processor burning away at his options. He feared using too much energy on verifying the situation, but he felt he had no choice. Yin was his designated user and he required her as his companion until he was decommissioned or sold to another user. Marcus turned inward and began probing the various pieces and gadgets built into his new frame. He'd run across a simple wireless data chip and, on closer inspection, it was meant as a pairing device to be used to connect with the old synth-cards. Marcus ran a search, finding two devices capable of command control within the ship's premesis. Marcus tagged the moving target, verifying it's identity as a synth-card, and began following the signal. The other he ignored, stowing its coordinates away for future reference if Yin's location was designated as false.
 
Yin held on for dear life as she was tossed haphazardly over the shoulder of some beast and carried through countless twists and turns; shadows, random bursts of light, and the grunt of exertion her only companions. Her chest felt as though it was being bruised, and her rib cage was being squashed by the thing's arm as it held her in place, grappling the back of it's head with it's hand and keeping Yin from falling in the process. Yin's thoughts were lost in the fight for self control. She'd been taken unaware, and the constant feeling of almost being dropped, coupled with the ignorance she carried on the identity of her captor put her at odds with her sense of self comfort. She shivered uncontrollably, trying her hardest to retain some sense of self control, but it couldn't be helped. She held on for dear life, and, when she was suddenly thrown to the ground to the sound of a crashing door, held on for fear of losing her wits all together.
She curled up into a ball to comfort herself and keep the overwhelming fear from bursting out into the black space around her. The dark pushed in on her, spilling into her soul dark secrets that threatened her. 
She knew she should get up and look around and find some way to excape and find Marcus, but something irrational inside of her explained the insignificance of trying to escape the fear. 
The beast seemed to have left her a long time ago, but she stayed put, afraid of causing some kind of disturbance that would bring it back. She stayed still, lying on her side until she fell asleep from exhaustion.
Marcus traveled, traversed, and backtracked more times than he was willing to compute. He'd used up enough energy to put him on his emergency reserves by the time he made it to the floor where Yin was sleeping. 
A small window looked into a sleeping chamber, just big enough to room two people on the two tier matresses hanging from the wall. Inside, Yin was whimpering to herself, her paws covering her ears and her legs and chin tucked in tight to her chest.
Marcus tapped his lense against the glass to get her attention but she just curled up tighter, pressing her paws more firmly against her ears. He tried again, but with the same result. He floated in the hallway where Yin was being held just as his battery meter hit critical. With a last ditch effort, Marcus sent a message to the synth-card in Yin's satchel before falling to the ground, his systems finally giving out.
Yin's head felt as though it would explode and she screamed at herself in frustration, the sound never making it out of her thoughts. She cringed inside, willing it all to stop, willing to face a thousand unknowns just so this irrational fear would leave her alone. She tried crying to herself, but with no success. 
She felt a light on her eye lids and looked down at her satchel, her fear temporarily forgotten, and pulled her hands away from her head to rummage through her bag. She drew her synth-card out, surprised to find a message on the screen. She opened it up and read through the warning Marcus had written:
              'Yin, my battery systems have died. I've found your location, but I cannot help you anymore. You will have to find your own way out.'
Yin stood up unsteadily on her back paws, resting against the upper bed in the chamber for support. She held the synth-card up to light up the room, locating the door in the process. She feared the worst when she tried the handle, but it twisted open without a problem. She pulled the door back into the room and quietly flicked the light down either side of the hallway. She stepped out when she was confident the way was clear. Her back paw brushed up against something on the floor, sending it rolling back into the wall on the other side. Marcus had powered down just as he'd said. She carefully reached down with both paws and wedged him between the synth-card and the crook of her arm. There was no way to navigate the halls without him. 
Yin checked Marcus's message again. She shoved Marcus in her bag and started down the hall, keeping her synth-card ahead to follow the readings. Again her thoughts began to wander as she kept a steady pace toward the point on the radar, thinking back on the straw in the entry hall that, even now, littered the floor. This time though, it was thicker, almost taking up an inch. 
Yin passed through several more flights of stairs, doors, and corridors before she finally reached her destination. 
The signal cutout once she reached it's point on the map and she found, hidden amidst the straw, a bag full of synth-cards, food packets, and magni-cartridges. Yin sat down and grabbed a magni-cartridge. Her first priority was to get Marcus back online. Everything else could wait until afterwards. 
She plugged him in and waited, sorting through the synth-cards until she found one that still worked. It was pre-war like the other ones, but something about it was different. She turned it on and was greeted with the customary startup screen, but most of it was illegible, written in a language that Yin couldn't identify. She threw it back into the bag and tried another one. This one turned on like the last, but it lacked a language database all together. She put them down and grabbed a food packet, tearing it open and chewing on the hard substance inside. She watched Marcus like a hawk, sitting back patiently as the charge bar slowly refilled. There wasn't much else to do.
She sat in silence for almost half an hour, patiently keeping tabs on Marcus's condition until he was fully charged. She unplugged him, and pressed the on switch on the inside of his shell before closing up. It took just a few moments for his systems to reboot before he began lifting off the floor, flickering his light on Yin.
Yin pulled Marcus into a hug before he could register what was happening, relieved to finally have him back. Marcus just sat in her arms, misunderstanding the situation as a protective measure against some danger he couldn't see.
"Marcus, why'd you do that to yourself?" Yin asked.
"I don't understand the question." Marcus said.
"You ran your battery down to nothing to find me." Yin said.
"It is as I have been instructed. You are my designated user, and I have an obligation to see to your safety. The resources sacrificed to achieve that goal are inconsequential."
Yin just held him tighter, causing her to miss the light that began making its way toward them through the dark. 
"Hello?" A voice called out, breaking Yin's hug, and sending her into a defensive crouch while Marcus turned his own light toward the voice.
"Who's there?" Yin asked.
"I'm a friend, if you promise not to hurt me." The voice said. It turned it's light down toward the ground, illuminating a pair of pants and a set of human boots.
"I'm not going to hurt you." Yin said.
"Good. I really don't want to fight anyone right now."
"Why?" Yin asked.
"I've been in here a while." The voice held out a hand, human, offering a handshake. "My name's Terren."
"You're a human." Yin responded, looking at the hand dubiously.
"Yep. And you're a Meregal. One of God's finest creations." Terren turned his light off and pulled something else out of his pocket, a lamp, that he powered on to give the corridor better lighting. "Are you going to shake my hand?" He asked.
Yin offered her paw, feeling his fingers envelope hers completely. 
"Do you know how to get out?" She asked.
"Not really." He said, "But I'm willing to find out if you'll help me." He stooped down and examined Yin's paw more closely, brushing the fur away from the claws to get a better look at them. "How do you carry anything with such small, inflexible digits?"
"I'm not sure," She responded, pleased to finally have someone interested in something she thought was interesting, "I find ways around the human's things, but it can be a real bother sometimes."
"That's interesting." He said, "Do you mind?" He asked, turning her paw over.
"Not at all." She was worried about that strange creature coming back, but something about this human seemed different to her.
"If you find it so difficult to deal with the human's things, why don't you use Meregal technology instead?"
"Because there isn't any." She said, "The first thing I've run into is this giant machine we're in right now."
"Giant Machine?" Terren looked up, startled. "I thought I was in the subway maintenance tunnels underneath Keido."
"Where is Keido?"
"It's colony twelve on the planet Bennet."
"I thought the humans didn't use space travel." 
Terren looked at her for a moment, as if deciding if she was telling the truth. "We perfected black hole transfer almost three hundred years ago."
"Then why is it so hard to understand we're in a giant machine right now?"
"Because your questions don't make any sense."
"Okay. Fine." Yin let out the tension she'd been building up. "I was just outside of a large glob of some kind of space metal that opened into a micro-sized world. When I went in, something large grabbed me and threw me into a crew cabin of some kind. My friend, Marcus, found me and I followed a set of coordinates he'd sent me until I ran across these synth-cards and, in turn, you."
Terren whistled to himself, "I'm having a hard time believing you, but I've heard of something like this happening before."
"When?" 
"Every few years or so. It's kind of like how people used to get all excited about Alien sightings back during the twentieth century."
"People knew about aliens back during the twentieth century?" Yin asked.
Terren laughed, "No, not really."
"Well that's strange."
"Again, I'm going to disagree with you. It was bound to happen eventually." Terren said, "When people start to progress, they begin looking beyond themselves, to the world around, and, sometimes, to the world they hope to live in."
"That's very phillisophical."
Terren shrugged, "Anyway, you said you were in a giant machine."
"Oh, right. I found a giant glob of metal underneath an airplane in the middle of a field outside of the Meregal city of Jasper."
"Meregal city? Jasper is the largest inter-species space port in known human space."
Yin waved for him to continue.
"It was reformed under the supervision of their leader, Queen Pen, during the ressurection of the fourth great war."
Yin sat in silence when Terren finished.
"You said you were from a colony named Keido on a planet other than Earth." Yin said, slowly.
"Yes."
"And you said-"
"Yin," Marcus cut in, "The creature has returned."
There was a growl from the hall just behind Yin and a flicker of matted hair, brought out by the dim light from Terren's lantern. Terren's eyes widened dramatically, and he ripped the bag of synth-cards from the ground, grabbing Yin's arm in the process.
The creature started toward them, two points of reflected light indicating the location of it's eyes. Marcus kept close to Yin as she was dragged through the tunnels, keeping himself between them and their pursuer, while Terren kept at the front, keeping an eye out for open doors.
"What is that thing?" Yin gasped as she tried to keep up with Terren.
"I don't know." He responded, "I was following a noise I'd heard in the tunnels when I ran into you."
"Doesn't that just mean you heard me saying something?"
Terren grabbed Yin's forepaw, "In here." He said, leading her into a large, abandoned chamber, closing the door once Marcus was through, and locking it.
"I don't know, maybe." Terren said, "All I know is I heard something."
"Why were you down there to begin with."
"Where?"
"In the tunnels."
"Oh." He drifted off before answering.
"Why were you in the tunnels?" Yin asked again.
"Why does it matter?" Terren said, "It really isn't important right now."
Yin shrugged to herself and let it go.
There was a snuffling sound outside of the door and the screech of metal on bone.
"Do you think we'll get out of here?" Yin asked.
"I don't know." Terren responded, "I think it's important to look around though. This is a pretty big room."
"Sure." 
Yin went off along the right side of the room, her path being illuminated by Marcus's built in light while Terren took the left.
"Don't you think it's kind of weird that he thinks we're on a different planet?" Yin asked, rooting past a couple of old crates.
"Yin, it does not occur to me that his thoughts are weird, only that, given the information that we're aboard an unknown vessel with incomprehensible variables and a human who might be as lost as you are, we have no choice but to trust him."
"I didn't say we shouldn't." 
"Yin, if you wish, I can retrace my flight path from your prior incarceration back to the opening in this ship."
"That was the opposite of trusting Terren."
"Terren will play a role in our escape." Marcus said, "I am downloading the last two hours of movement recorded on your synth-card."
"Why not download everything?"
"The information is redundant." Marcus responded, "You stopped moving within the two hour time frame, I have the rest of the information leading back to the entrance."
"That just sounds ridiculously over burdening."
Yin looked down at small arms box labeled 'stun pistols' sitting next to another stack of old crates.
"Terren!" She called, "I found something!" She leaned over and pried the lid open, hissing in disappointment when nothing was inside. 
Terren laughed to himself, "Well, atleast I got to see you jimmy-rig the box with those awkward digits of yours." He leaned in closer, wiggling his fingers for emphasis.
Yin just glared at him and closed the box.
There was a large thud on the door behind them, followed by an angry roar.
"Why doesn't it seem logical that a huge monster is roaming around in an abandoned spaceship?" Yin asked.
"Why doesn't anything seem logical." Terren said. "But I've got better things to do than speculate right now." He went back across the room and sifted through the various crates sitting around, finally reemerging with something in his hand.
"I found your lost stun pistol." He said, smiling to himself.
"Why don't you go get lost in a bar?" Yin said, scowling.
Terren sighed and pointed just next to the door where the monster was trying to get in. 
"What?" Yin asked.
"I want you to open the door when I say so."
"WHY?"
"I'm going to stun the monster when it tries to get in."
"What if it tries to eat me?"
"Then I'll just shoot it harder."
"How can you shoot it harder?"Terren sighed in frustration, "Just do it. I want to get home just as badly as you do."
Yin mumbled something to herself under her breath and loped across a couple of crates until she was besides the door.
"When I say so." Terren said, moving behind a crate. He pointed the stun gun up into the air and let off a shot, sending a sharp crack through the room.
"What are you doing?!" Yin asked.
"Just checking if it works." Terren said, "Okay, when I count to three, I want you to open the door."
"Okay." Yin placed a paw along release bar keeping the door locked.
"One. Two." Terren steadied the gun on his forearm "THREE."
Yin pushed the bar and pulled on the door, exposing them to the corridor outside, and jumped behind a couple crates off to the side, Marcus floating alongside.
Nothing happened for a few moments. The scratching had stopped when Terren had fired the gun.
"I'm going out to see where it went." Terren said, finally.
Yin just watched, agast, as Terren hopped over the crate he was hiding behind, and went to check out the hallway, stopping at the door.
"I don't think looking for it is a good idea right now." Yin said.
"Why not?"
"I can get back to the entrance I came through if I follow Marcus."
"Your communications orb knows the way out?"
"He's not a communications orb, personality wise, but yes, he has access to the route we took to get here."
Terren thought about this.
"Can I stop at the coordinates where I found you?" He said.
"You want to get back home." Yin said, matter of fact.
"Yes."
"Marcus," Yin said, "we're going back the way we came. I need you to take the lead."
"Yes Yin." Marcus said, taking the front, and starting down the right side of the corridor.
Yin adjusted her satchel and followed, Terren just behind.
"What if the creature comes back when you're gone?" Yin asked, "You have the stun pistol, how am I going to protect myself?"
"I don't know, just don't get caught." Terren said, turning his lantern off, and replacing it with his flashlight. He kept it aimed behind, his stun pistol at his side.
They trudged through at a steady pace, watching out for movement in the shadows. 
Yin thought in silence as their small procession made it's way back. She didn't know much about herself, other that what Marcus and Jerrem told her, and she needed some answers. Otherwise, she might be left in the dark for the rest of her life, if her memory didn't come back.
Eventually Marcus stopped, turning around, and saying, "Terren, you were first encountered here."
Terren sighed, again, and held out his hand. Yin shook it.
"It's been nice talking with you and everything, but I need to go. I have some sewers to scour, and not a lot of time left to do it." He tipped his head and turned down the tunnel, keeping his flashlight on the ground. Yin and Marcus watched him go.
"It's kind of weird that he should leave just as suddenly as he arrived." Yin said, "I was kind of getting used to him though."
"Yin, he does not seem like a reliable person to know." Marcus said, "It's in your best interest to move on."
Yin nodded her head, and began following behind Marcus as he turned back toward the way they'd come. 
The rest of the trip was uneventful, leaving Yin enough time to catch her breath after the trauma of being thrown around by both the monster and the somewhat off handed Terren. When they passed, Yin made a point of not looking at the open door that marked her prior imprisonment, and keeping her eyes on the ground ahead, trying to clear her thoughts, and letting go of the fear she felt when the monster had tried to find her.
Marcus kept tabs on their location, focusing on the path toward the exit. His movements seemed irrational to Yin, who'd been hauled along the same path on the shoulder of the beast, but Marcus's confidence felt reassuring. 
Yin practically melted with relief when she saw the light up ahead, leading away from inside the massive ship, and back into the underground chamber below the crashed airplane. She ran past Marcus and pushed through the door, holding it open for Marcus, who was keeping to his slower pace.
"I really hope I don't have to go back in there." Yin said. She closed the door and went over to the control panel, switching all settings back to zero, closing the door and resetting the door placement on the hull of the ship.
"Yin, I have percieved the probability of a guidance system somewhere on the ship if you wish to aknowledge your hunch on the matter of this vessel's origins."
Yin sighed, "I really don't know."
"Your opinions may have sway." Marcus consented, "I am only here to help."
Yin smiled, "Thanks Marcus. I think it's getting late. I need to get back home."
"Very well." Marcus said.
Yin nodded her thanks and started back toward the steps leading to the plane. She wanted to explore past the ship, and into the tunnel on the other side, but her gut was telling her to wait it out until she could process today. 
The rest of her trip passed uneventfully, taking her time making it up the rusted stairs, climbing up the seats in the airplane, and finally following Marcus's light down the path in the grasslands, through the crashed ship, and back to her room where she dropped her satchel on the ground and fell back on her bed into the oblivion of exhausted sleep.
She woke up the next morning, curled up next to something furry. She blinked herself awake, confused by the textures she found pressed up against her face. She sat up, pushing it away. The furry thing fell onto the ground, brushing against the curtain, and giving off a small yelp.
"Jerrem!" Yin growled, "What were you doing in my bed!?"
"Nothing!" He said, "You just came in late and I found you asleep! I thought you might like some company!"
"I would've asked for it if I wanted it moron." Yin jumped down from her bed, and ruffled her fur. "Can you please leave?" She asked.
Jerrem sullenly nodded his head and left, closing the door behind him. Yin harumphed to herself and started grooming her fur. Marcus was still in stand by mode, and Yin wanted it like that until she finished, doing a quick once over to get any loose fur and dirt off of her, finally turning Marcus back on when she was done.
Marcus didn't say anything when Yin drifted out of the room, seemingly at random. He followed her out into the hall, turning left down toward the deeper sections of the ship. Her chosen path suggested she was taking an interest in the deeper, less explored areas connected to the ammo deposits left untouched since the war. 
"Yin," Marcus said, "I will repeat my warning. I do not think you should go down there."
"Why?" Yin said, skipping down a few steps. "He said it was only slightly reactive."
"Yin, just because something is slightly dangerous does not give you the right to choose whether or not it is right or wrong."
Yin sighed and stepped back on the upper landing, "I really want to go down there though."
"Your choices define what you become. If you desire to risk your life doing something that has serious consequences, regardless of that thing which is gained, you will find yourself unable to make the decisions that will save you from yourself."
Yin went back to her room.
"Well, what am I supposed to do then? I've pretty much done everything worth doing. What more could I possibly do?"
"The decision is yours."
"But If my decisions have to be controlled, how will I know which ones to make?"
"Only you will know which decisions are right for you."
"Then what if I said I wanted to go back to the inner city and check out a couple things?"
"Doesn't that sound like a better idea to you?" 
"Maybe." Yin said, "I kind of want to go down and explore anyway."
Marcus remained silent.
Yin threw her arms up in exasperation. "Alright! Fine! Whatever, I'll leave it alone!"
"The choice has always been yours." 
"Yeah, I know, I get it." Yin loped back out into the corridor, and made a bee-line for the kitchen, where she was sure Jerrem would be slouching back in the corner, playing his videogames. She made it there, and found Jerrem exactly in the same place he was yesterday.
Yin poked him in the side when his attention wasn't pulled away from his computer. "Jerrem. Where's my food?"
"Get it yourself!" Jerrem snapped back, "I only did you a favor so you wouldn't starve. If you want any more, you'll have to find it yourself."
Yin frowned. 
"I'm not sure where to go."
Jerrem sighed and shut his computer down, "Follow me. Again."
Yin filed in behind him, bored with how much following she seemed to be doing lately.
"My mother usually has me search out the local wrecks for anything that hasn't been scavenged yet, but sometimes, she goes off the rails and makes me put together a rapid-grow garden."
"Why not just grow your own food all of the time?"
"That stuff is expensive." Jerrem explained, "More expensive than an hours worth of scavenging."
Yin opened her mouth to argue, but decided to let it go.
"So where to now?" Yin asked. "Any way I can stop in the city while we're out?"
Jerrem just shook his head, "Yin, if you really want to go into the city, I suggest getting another tour guide. I have other things I need to do."
"Important things like video-"
"No," Jerrem cut in, "I do have responsabilities you know. I help keep my family fed. This little excursion just cuts into my personal time. If you want more, I can't help you." 
He trotted ahead at a fast walk, only stopping to look behind when Yin's footsteps fell behind. 
"I don't get why you haven't tried figuring out where you come from." Jerrem said.
"I have tried," Yin responded, "but Marcus told me it isn't something worth going back to, so I haven't bothered looking in to it."
"Why not get your memory back then?"
"Doesn't that sound kind of naive to you?"
"Doing what?"
"Making the assumption that one can just walk into any old place and get their memories back."
"Not really." Jerrem said, "You can walk in to any drug store, and they'll probably sell you a memory enhancer."
Yin looked at him sideways, "I want my memory back, not enhanced."
Jerrem shrugged, "It can do both. It's meant to increase brain activity in the areas that retrieve memory. Sometimes, if you have something you've forgotten, it'll reconnect the lost parts of your memory."
"I guess that sounds pretty good." Yin consented, "Does it have any side effects?"
Jerrem tilted his head in consideration, "If you've buried something bad, it's going to hit you really hard."
Yin's expression grew slack when she thought of the report Marcus had given her about her human father.
"I don't think I want to remember."
Jerrem shrugged again, "It's your decision. If you think it isn't worth it, then don't do anything about it."
"Maybe." Yin sighed. She looked out to the city, making it's impressions on the horizon, and wondered. My family doesn't exist, lost to the memories I don't have, she thought, but that doesn't mean I don't have one. She glanced at Jerrem, noticing the way he acted as if nothing mattered except that very moment. He swatted at a fly, watching as it flew away. I wish I knew what to do, she thought, sighing inside, is it worth finding out who I was in my memories? She felt fear at the idea of returning to that other world that seemed so distant, and yet scarring in how personal it would become. It seemed so contrary to want something like that. Marcus had said her life was being torn apart, but to her, being torn apart was something completely different. 
"Marcus," Yin asked, "What if I didn't need to get over the past? What if I just needed some time to overcome what I'd felt, and when it was all over, I didn't need to be afraid any more?"
"Yin, I'm only here to relay what you want to know, and give advice when the time comes." Marcus said, "I don't hope to sway you in either direction, just show you what is true."
"Why does Marcus always talk like that?" Jerrem asked.
"You've only heard him speak like three or four times." Yin said.
"I can still tell when someone's been around the block a few times to know something."
"Yin," Marcus said, "I advise you to choose what meets your criteria."
"Like that guy." Jerrem said.
"Alright Marcus." Yin said, "I was thinking about what you said earlier, and I-"
"Hold that thought." Jerrem said, "I want to hear this, but I'm going down first." He slipped off the path into the grass and down an open hatch behind some brush.
Yin sighed and sat down, falling into a wakeful sleep when Jerrem happened to be gone for a few minutes. 
He popped back out with a smile, his sidebags bulging from raided supplies.
"You can continue now." Jerrem said.
Yin rolled her eyes and continued, "Marcus, I'm going to have my memory restored."
"Why are you telling Marcus?" Jerrem asked, "He's a robot."
"Well," Yin explained, "he's very helpful, and shows great wisdom in this kind of thing."
Marcus didn't say anything, and Jerrem made his own 'I told you so' face.
"Okay," Yin said, "Fine. Just give me the food and I'll be on my own way."
"Sure thing boss. Just make it back before dark this time." Jerrem said, gripping a few sustenance packets with his teeth and tossing them on the ground, before trotting away.
"Okay!" Yin said, "I'll be careful!"
"You do that!" Jerrem called back.
Yin ate quickly before turning back toward the city.
"Here we go, Marcus" She said, "Hopefully I'll figure something useful out of this mess."
Marcus said nothing before following just behind as she made her way back into the city.
The streets were entirely deserted when Marcus and Yin arrived, leaving Yin at a loss as to what to do.
"I think it would be best to find the drug store before having a mental breakdown." Marcus finally said when Yin expressed her frustration.
"Well, that sounds easier than it actually is." Yin complained, "We're in the middle of a city that neither I, nor you, remember."
"Should I construct a schematic on data collected on our last visit?"
"Sure, why not." Yin said, flopping onto the ground while Marcus ran the calculations.
"If you will follow me."
Marcus began floating off down the street, making a right turn at the first intersection. Yin followed behind, frustrated with herself for not just searching out the store before Marcus did.
Yin's frustration died out when it became apparent that the city was under some kind of lockdown at the moment, keeping everyone off the streets. A Meregal wearing a blue uniform was lying on a bench some ways down the street, and blew some kind of whistle, approaching them at a quick lope, when she saw them.
"Are you cleared to be out in-" The female began. Her eyes lit up with recognition when she was close enough to identify her suspect. "Yin, I didn't expect to find you here. I heard you'd dissapeared after the tower fell. Most assumed you were dead."
"I'm sorry, do I know you?" Yin asked, puzzled by the character in front of her.
"I met you on the way into Jasper. My name is Menny."
Yin shook her head. "I can't remember anything from more that a few days ago."
Menny paused, taking in Yin's confession.
"Where have you been?" Menny finally asked.
"I was out in the grasslands with a male named Jerrem." Yin explained, "He gave me a place to stay so I could figure out what I was supposed to do."
"Did you get hurt?"
Yin shrugged, making Menny sigh.
"Okay," Menny said, "Your father would have been worried sick if he'd heard you were missing for so long."
"You mean my human father?"
"No," Menny said, puzzled, "King Pen. He would have worried sick if he knew you were missing."
"Why doesn't he worry now?"
"He's dead." Menny said, lowering her gaze, "He died in the ruins of the tower."
Yin's head realed with the information. Not only did she have a second father she didn't know about, his name was King Pen and he'd died the same day that Yin had lost her memory. 
Yin collapsed to the ground, her head screaming in pain. Thoughts and memories she'd hidden away from herself rose to the surface, fixing what she had forgotten, and filling in the gaps. Menny tried to help, cradling Yin's head.
Yin blacked out, not coming to until she woke up, lying on a bench along the side of the road. Menny stood above her.
Unprepared, Yin lashed out, cradling herself into a ball. Menny fell back onto the pavement.
"Yin." Menny said, "It's me."
"I don't want to remember you." Yin's voice was muffled by her arm.
"You have to remember if you want to move on."
"I don't want to move on. I want to be here. Please leave me alone."
"No. You have to remember. You need to face your fear."
"I can't. I don't want to."
"Yes you can. Your fear keeps you trapped. Let go of it."
"No."
Menny sighed. "Yin I will take you to police headquarters. You will have time to rest until you're ready to face what you are."
"No." Yin curled up tighter.
Menny's expression was sad. She lifted Yin up off the ground and carried her until they'd made it back to the police HQ, stopping only long enough to rest, and put Yin in confinement in one of the cells along the inner wall of the building.
Menny made a few calls while Yin tried to come to grips with who she was. 
"This is Jovie speaking." A voice on the side of the line said.
"Jovie," Menny said, "I found Yin."
"Is she okay?"
"Yes, she'd lost her memory and was living with someone in the grasslands. She's remembered everything since I talked with her, but she's fighting it. I need you to come down here and talk with her."
"I'll be right there."
A few minutes later, a dark brown Meregal drifted into Yin's cell.
"Yin," She said, "I'm here to help you."
Yin curled up tighter.
"I'm Jovie. I'm your new mother."
"I don't have a mother."
Her words stung.
"Yin, I know you're upset, but you have to remember. Menny told me you'd lost your memory after the tower collapsed."
Yin's body went still.
"So?"
"You had a traumatic breakdown, and you locked everything that hurt you away."
"I hate my life. I wish I was dead."
"You don't mean that."
"I do."
Jovie sighed, and sat down next to Yin, holding her in her arms.
"Yin, when we met a few days ago, something inside of me changed. I felt like I had something special to look after. A friend that I'd never had."
"I'm not a friend to anyone. I just hurt people everywhere I go."
"That isn't true."
"Yes it is."
"Yin, look at me."
Yin pulled herself out of a ball.
"I care about you, Yin," Jovie said, "More than you could know."
"Then why didn't you come find me?"
Jovie sighed, "I was in the hospital. Your father protected me when the tower collapsed, taking most of the damage away."
Yin didn't say anything.
"When I got out, we looked everywhere for you, in fact, Menny was on patrol for that very reason."
"Where is she?"
"She's finding you a place to live."
"But I have a place to live."
"Where?"
"Out in the grasslands."
"But don't you want to live in the city?"
"I don't know."
"You could live with me if you want."
Yin thought about it.
"What about Menny?"
"I'll tell her she can stop looking."
"Okay."
Jovie smiled.
"Yin, you have no idea what it means to me to know you're safe."
"Please just leave."
Jovie's eyes welled up, "Well, fine. If you aren't going to return, then why am I even talking to you."
She left.
Yin sat in silence, trying to grasp the situation. She didn't want to remember, but there was no choice. She had to move on, otherwise, she would fall to pieces, drifting listlessly from one thing to the next as she did when her father was around. She let everything in, all the pain and the hurt, the frustrations. For almost an hour she sat, curled up in a ball, as the memories rushed by one at a time. Her life in Mentas, her father's rejection, Jasper, King Pen. Everything she'd forgotten.
She pulled herself up when she was done, finally able to face looking around the room. 
Her cell was white, with a bunk bed like the one she found in the ship under the earth. There was another Meregal inside with her, but she was sitting in the corner, asleep.
Yin propped herself up, "Who are you?"
The Meregal's eyes opened. She was a light brown like Yin, but older. 
"My name is Tren. I was once queen to this city, but once I'd learned of the terrible things my husband, King Pen, had done, I was thrown in here, banished from the world because I didn't want to know what the world had planned."
"Tren," Yin said slowly, "Do you know who I am?"
"No, Jovie didn't say. Are you someone important?"
"My name is Yin. I'm King Pen's daughter."
"King Pen's daughter?"
"I was born in Mentas, before my mother, Tren, died from the childbirth."
"I didn't die." Tren sounded uncertain, "I'd known King Pen as a friend long before I had you, but he and I decided to do some things that weren't right, and when I learned I was to bare a litter, King Pen married himself to me to hide his shame."
"He said he loved you."
Tren shook her head, "He didn't love me. He loved the way I looked, all else was shameful to him. I was a burden he would only address from afar."
"What does this mean?"
Tren sighed, "I was a fool for believing he cared. I've been here for almost nineteen years since King Pen left me to rot. He wouldn't even fully recognize me as his wife before the law."
"Why are you here if everyone in Jasper knows who you are?"
"They don't want to know. King Pen controlled what people knew, forcing them to consider life from his perspective."
"Then why did he start a movement to integrate with the humans?"
"He wanted to show his people that we should move on, past the values we've held, and become something new. He loved the humans, even if the humans didn't love him."
"But why didn't King Pen keep you? Even if you aren't the best person in the world, to him, why wouldn't you have been kept within distance so he can still apreciate you?"
"After I had the litter, he despised me. He became aware of who I was inside and it frightened him. I was sent away to hide him from his own foolishness. He came to visit me though, every once in a while, but it was always just the same 'How've you been?' 'Are they treating you well?' 'Can I do anything for you?'. Eventually he stopped coming."
"I'm sorry."
"Why are you sorry? If you are King Pen's daughter, you should know that he abandoned you."
"He said he'd left me to gain the experiences I needed to live life."
Tren shook her head again, "Don't trust what he says. He fills people with kind words just so he gains their trust. I didn't know that once, but now I do. You had to have been careful if you wanted to know him for who he was."
Tren looked as if she was going to say something more, but she waved Yin away instead. 
"It was nice to meet you Yin, even if King Pen never wanted you."
Yin nodded her head, confused, turning back toward the cell door where Menny had been standing, unnoticed.
"Maybe I'll see you again."
Tren nodded back, "Maybe when times are better. I'm glad I had you, regardless of the pain I've suffered. I hope you know that."
"Tren, do you love me?"
Tren's expression fell, a look of sad contemplation replacing her stern expression with something tender.
"I've regretted my decisions often while here in this cell, but now that I've seen what you've become, the product of my actions regardless, I know you're worth it. I do love you, Yin. I just wish I'd been there with you as you grew up."
"We can let you out now that true leadership has been decimated since the fire." Menny asserted, "King Pen's forced incarceration only had effect as long as he was alive. He did not foresee his death before his choice to forgive."
Yin looked between them, "But how will Jovie fit in?"
"What do you mean?" Menny asked.
"King Pen licked Jovie's nose before the tower collapsed. No one else knew because I was the only person there."
"And did he tell you to keep it a secret?"
"No, he didn't say anything about it."
Menny thought about this for a moment, "If King Pen married himself to Jovie, and your question is asking which Meregal, Jovie or Tren, is your mother, then I would say the birth mother would have first say on the matter, seeing as her part in the situation would give her full rights to your future."
"But can't I make a decision?"
"You can." Menny said, "Of course, since this is your life we're discussing, it would be your final decision that determines who you claim as your legal mother."
Yin looked toward Tren, who was watching them in silence, her eyes filled with a sad kind of hope.
"Tren," Yin began.
"Yes?"
"Would you accept me as your daughter once you are released?"
"Yin, the decision is yours, I'm just here to support you in whatever decision you want."
"Then I choose you." Yin said, "If Jovie was tempted to love King Pen the way you did, then I want nothing more to do with her. You've learned more than Jovie has concerning what is good and what isn't good in life, and I want to spend my life with someone who knows what it takes to find where happiness lies."
Tren smiled, "If that's your decision, then I will accept you as my daughter."
Menny watched this all in silence.
"Menny, can you release us now?" Yin asked.
Menny bowed, "As you wish your ladyship."
Yin had forgotten she was royalty after being accepts by King Pen as his daughter, and in so doing, she was made one of the few surviving leadership characters in the city, in effect of the Tower's collapse.
Menny unlocked the cell door, and let Yin and Tren through. 
"Thanks Menny," Yin said, "I'll keep your name in mind for when I might need someone to help."
Menny nodded her head, "I would be honored."
Yin and Tren left, making it as far as the front door before they ran into Jovie, who was talking heatedly with the secretary behind the counter. She turned suddenly when Yin approached, glaring in Tren's direction.
"So you've decided?"
"Yes, I want to claim Tren as my mother, and be given my father's place in the governing of Jasper."
Jovie looked startled, "I don't have the authority to do those things, all I was curious about is where you'll be staying."
"Oh." Yin looked at the floor, "I'll be with Tren until things change."
Tren nodded, "Okay. I'll arrange for you to be given rooms in one of the local highrises."
"What gives you the right to arrange for someone else's living quarters?"
Jovie sighed, "Yin, I'm an employee of the tower, or was, so I have the responsibility of seeing to your well being. I work through the Tower's monetary system, so everything is paid for and arranged by me, the representative, but all funds are reimbursed by the Tower."
"Okay. Anyway, thank you for your help Jovie. I hope you haven't been affected by the tower's collapse."
Jovie pawed the ground, "King Pen was a good friend of mine. He made things more bearable when I was in the Tower."
"And did he ever shun you for who you were?" Tren asked, ice in her voice.
"Tren, what King Pen did to you, I have no say in, but I know he was wrong to do it. I just hope you can forgive him for his mistakes."
Tren shook her head, "I can forgive him, I simply am bitter to think he would move on with the idea that he can be forgiven."
"He waited, ever since he put you in that cell, because he knew he'd done something wrong, and he wanted so much to be forgiven, but he could not forgive himself. Yin was the first person who showed him the sense that he could move on, even if she didn't know you were still alive."
Tren hesitated, "Then I am the fool for thinking his forgiveness was mine to give. I have no right to condemn him for his foolish mistakes." She paused, "Yin, when the time comes, I want you to come find me. I have something I want to look for in the city, someone I haven't seen in a long time."
Yin nodded her head, "I'll find you."
Tren smiled her appreciation, and left through the front door.
"She seems to have held up well since being locked away." Jovie said.
"I think knowing there was something better out in the world gave her hope."
"Do you think so?
"Yes, I think she's been waiting for me to come back."
"Maternal love is strong, and hope is even stronger." Jovie said, "I think you would be right to assume both, working together, would make someone sane enough to get through such an ordeal."
"I still can't believe she was in there for nineteen years."
Jovie nodded her head, "Nineteen years. I think it drained her of her frustrations, leaving her empty enough to move through each day in a haze. She seems as though she was just put in there yesterday."
"Did you know her before she was locked up?"
Jovie shook her head, "No, she wasn't very social from what I hear."
Yin saw Menny walk back down the hall toward another set of cell's where she placed some kind of package on the ground just inside.
"That's strange. She didn't seem very socially awkward from what I could see."
Jovie sighed, "Well, no matter what, it seems like you chose her as your living companion, so I suggest you learn to live with her, regardless of what she turns out to be."
"I know." Yin said, "Has the tower been cleaned up yet?"
"No, the rubble is being left as it is. The only Meregals allowed around it are the rescue crews."
Yin accepted her response.
"I need to go. I have to take care of something too."
"Alright. I'll be here until you need me."
Something about her response ticked a chord in Yin's head.
"I want that too."
"You want what too?"
"I want to know someone who will always be waiting for me until I need them."
"You do?" Jovie looked puzzled, "Why?"
"It sounds really nice. And I know who it is that I need."
Jovie shook her head, "Yin, one day I'll understand you, but until then, I guess I'll just have to let you go."
Jovie turned around and left.
Yin watched her go, rubbing her forehead. A headache started in Yin's head dropping her to the floor. It was a repercussions of her desire to forget, and she knew she wasn't right in fighting in. She wanted to know how to over come the things that scared her so much but she wasn't sure how. She knew Menny was the law, Jovie was friendship, Tren was love, Jerrem was friendship, King Pen was renown, and Flynn was loss. She knew Flynn was dangerous. He wanted her to become something inhuman, just as she felt the need inside of herself to become such a thing. She wanted everyone to see her as an object, and nothing more than an unequal partner. She was too used to being left in the dark, and too used to being seen as something more than what she was. She was different, even if no one knew it. She just needed to learn to become who she was on the inside so that everyone would notice the changes on the outside. All else would come in time.
At that moment, Yin realized she didn't belong. No one within the city was worthy of her, and no one outside of the city was respected by those within. She'd heard Meregals on the street talking about it, how those living in the grasslands weren't worthy of the Meregal race. they spoke of cutting them off from their own world, leaving them behind in a blaze of light. Yin did not think it was wise to see such things as this. But she realized, if there were those who would not accept anyone outside of their own world, then there was a reason why human and Meregal integration was failing, and why it was best to live with those humble enough to see that everyone has a place, even if they are different and shunned by those around.
Yin had asked to be given a place with in the city, but now she knew the truth. Her place was with those who cared about who she was, not what she was. Jerrem had made his decisions based on himself, but he was honest with her, and she did not fear him like those who taught her to show respect, rather than friendship. It was important, she realized, to belong with those who knew her for who she was.
Yin left the city, with Marcus in tow, and made her way back to the dome sitting in the grasslands. Jerrem was outside playing with his brothers and sisters. He stopped when he saw her, confused at her sudden return.
"I didn't think you would come back after you learned who you were." He said, "Does this mean you didn't want to remember after all?"
"No," Yin said, "I met someone I knew. And seeing her made me remember."
"Who was it?"
"Menny."
"Menny?" Jerrem's eyes opened up wide, "She's like the coolest Meregal in the city! How do you know her?"
"We met when I made my way here from Mentas. She was the one who first identified that I wasn't a part of the city's records."
"The city's records? How could you not be a part of them?"
"I was born in Mentas, and taken care of for some time by a human orphanage who'd promised King Pen to take me off the records."
"King Pen?" Jerrem exclaimed, "Is he your father?"
"He was before the tower collapsed."
"This means you're royalty though!"
"No, it means I'm honorary royalty. Royalty doesn't really exist in this city."
"Yeah, I know, but that still means you're the next in line to take King Pen's place."
Yin shook her head, "No, it means I'm giving it to my mother, Tren."
"Tren?"
"She didn't die like King Pen said, He'd locked her up until he died. I met her today, in a cell. She's been there for nineteen years, Jerrem. I want her to take my place."
"Have you considered what all this means though? You can have anything you want! You can practically change the city from the inside out, and make the world a different place! Don't you want that?"
"No." Yin sighed, "I don't want those things. Even if I could have them, there will always be someone who knows how to rule better than I do. I can't live with the weight of knowing I'm standing in the way of someone who can do more than I can."
Jerrem looked at the ground, "It sounds like you've made a decision then."
"Yeah."
"Where are you going to go then?"
Yin looked at Jerrem shyly, "Jerrem you once offered to lick my nose when I was first here in Jasper. Do you remember that?"
Jerrem caughed, "Yeah."
"Jerrem. I want you to marry me."
Jerrem blushed, "Yin you can't just ask someone to marry you, that's totally weird."
Yin laughed, "Not as weird as nudging up to someone when they're already asleep!"
Jerrem laughed too, "Yeah, I think that was kind of funny on retrospect."
"Yeah." Yin smiled, "I think it would be nice to get used to it." She sat down on the ground in a huff.
"Well then," Jerrem said, suddenly business like, "Yin, may I lick your nose."
Yin smiled, letting out a small giggle, "Finishing as you began are you?"
"It seems appropriate, considering this is your choice this time."
"As it began, it will end." Yin said, "Jerrem, you may lick my nose."
And with that, Jerrem performed the marriage ritual of the Merregal race, ending one life, and beginning another. 
Not knowing quite what to expect, Yin had decided that as long as there were friends around her, she would always be able to do what she needed to do, even when the world was falling apart around her.



