EMPIRE OF RUST
One: Necromancer Rising

by V. J. Chambers

The court intrigue of Game of Thrones, the pulse-pounding danger of The Walking Dead, and the complicated, compelling sorts of characters you’ve come to expect from V. J. Chambers.

Two hundred and fifty years after the zombie apocalypse, the surviving humans live under the rule of a regime which denounces technology and knowledge as the source of the Scourge…

In the southern capital city of the empire, Ezekiel, son of the regent of Caroly, has come to confront the emperor about the accidental death of his sister. Her body was not returned to her family, as is custom. Ezekiel is here to retrieve it. But no one seems to have seen her body or know where it is, least of all her former fiancé, the emperor’s son Gabriel. No, Gabriel’s moved on, already married to another woman. 
Ezekiel is beginning to suspect what happened to his sister was no accident.
In the northern wilderness, Darius lies chained to a wooden plank while another man tells him that he has changed him. He’s turned him into a necromancer—a man who can control the revenants, who can gather a revenant army.
This man wants Darius to lead such an army to the capital.
All the while, the revenants surround the empire, tearing at fences, pounding on walls, their jaws open and gaping. Hungering. For flesh.

Empire of Rust is a serial novel being published in six parts. This first part is approximately 20,000 words or 62 printed pages.
EMPIRE OF RUST
© copyright 2014 by V. J. Chambers
http://vjchambers.com
Punk Rawk Books
Smashwords Edition

Please do not copy or post this book in its entirety or in parts anywhere. You may, however, share the entire book with a friend by forwarding the entire file to them. (And I won’t get mad.)



EMPIRE OF RUST

One: Necromancer Rising


by V. J. Chambers






CHAPTER ONE

Ezekiel, son of the regent of Caroly, had been waiting in the receiving room of the governor’s mansion for over half an hour. He knew because he had been watching the clock near the entrance. It was one of those tall grandfather clocks—something created before the Scourge and kept in good condition. It even donged at each fifteen-minute interval. Ezekiel was beginning to feel impatient. 
He knew that the emperor was an important man, and that he might not have all the time in the world to meet with visitors, but given the circumstances, Ezekiel hoped the man would arrive at some point.
After all, it was only a week ago that the message had arrived at Ezekiel’s father’s home. Ezekiel’s sister Honor—betrothed to the emperor’s son Gabriel—had been killed in a horrible accident. She’d apparently fallen off a balcony. In cases of death away from home, it was customary to send the remains back to the family, but Honor’s body hadn’t been sent.
Ezekiel’s father wanted the body back, and Ezekiel was there to make sure she went back home.
He eyed the clock. It was going to dong again in approximately ten minutes. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to wait around that long.
Across the room, a door opened, and a young man came through it, walking quickly.
Ezekiel recognized him immediately from the betrothal feast two years ago, when his sister had come to court to marry this man. It was Gabriel, the emperor’s son. Ezekiel cleared his throat.
Gabriel looked up but kept walking. He raised his eyebrows questioningly. 
“Sir,” said Ezekiel, “I’ve been waiting here for your father for quite a long time.”
Gabriel stopped and looked Ezekiel up and down. He smiled at him, an easy grin that lit up his face.
Ezekiel looked down at his feet. He wasn’t about to let himself be caught up in gazing at this man. Not the emperor’s son. How deeply did these abominable attractions he felt go, anyway? If his father knew, he would… He swallowed. But that was the reason he was here, wasn’t it? He was here because his father was ashamed of him, and because Ezekiel had to find some way to redeem himself. Hadn’t he begged for a second chance? Hadn’t he promised he could curb his predilections?
“My father is the emperor, and he comes and goes when he pleases,” Gabriel was saying.
Did Gabriel think Ezekiel was an idiot? He knew who the emperor was. “Of course.” Ezekiel was still looking at his toes. “But given the circumstances, I’d expected him to be conciliatory.”
“The circumstances?”
Ezekiel raised his gaze to Gabriel’s. Gabriel still looked confused. 
He doesn’t know who I am, Ezekiel realized. And why should he? They’d only been introduced once, at the betrothal dinner. Ezekiel only remembered him so clearly because he was good looking. It was his curse, the unnatural way he felt. Other men didn’t pay such close attention to the men they met. Besides, Gabriel was an emperor’s son and Ezekiel only a regent’s. It was unlikely that Gabriel would have taken notice of him in any case.
Ezekiel felt uncomfortable under the other man’s gaze. If only he weren’t so good-looking. Ezekiel cleared his throat again. “Um, well, it’s regarding Honor.”
“Right.” Gabriel sucked in air with a noisy whistle. “That was such a shame. She was young. Such a waste.”
“I’m here about her body.”
“Really?” Gabriel made a face. “Well, I never saw the body.”
“You didn’t?”
Gabriel shrugged. He crossed to a table and began to examine the candelabra in the center. “It was madness that night. What with the escape from the dungeons, her body wasn’t even discovered until she’d been dead for hours.” He raised his voice. “Mark! These don’t match the ones at the entrance.”
A servant boy scampered into the room from one of the other entrances. “Excuse me, sir?”
Gabriel held up the candelabra. “This doesn’t belong in here.”
Ezekiel tensed. How could this man be so cavalier when talking about the death of his intended bride? Hadn’t he cared for Honor at all? Ezekiel knew that the marriage had been arranged, but most were, except in certain cases of third wives. And while many husbands weren’t overly interested in their wives, they were at least sorry to learn that they’d died.
“I’m sorry, sir,” said the servant boy. “I’ll remove it at once.”
Ezekiel was beginning to grow angry. How dare Gabriel interrupt this conversation to discuss the decorations? He probably wouldn’t be doing this if he knew who Ezekiel was, but that didn’t matter. A fiancé should have some kind of concern for his intended herself. For her memory. 
“Good,” said Gabriel. “And find the proper one, please.”
If Ezekiel were honest, the entire betrothal had always seemed strange. Honor had come to court two years ago. They had all expected that she and Gabriel would be married within a few months, but the months had stretched on and on. There was always some excuse or reason that the emperor’s son had as to why he could not marry yet. He’d dragged his feet. 
“Yes, sir. What should I do with this one?” said the servant.
Ezekiel’s hands clenched into fists. He cared about his sister, and this was hard to take.
Gabriel tapped his chin. “You can place it in my chambers, I suppose. Or perhaps in my wife’s, if she fancies it.”
“What?” The words ripped out of Ezekiel’s mouth.
Both Gabriel and the servant turned to him in surprise.
“You have some objection to the placement of candelabras in my house?” said Gabriel, but he didn’t sound angry, only amused.
“You have a wife, sir?” Ezekiel struggled to keep his voice even. “So soon after the death of your betrothed?” Ezekiel was beginning to think dark thoughts. He was beginning to wonder exactly how “accidental” his sister’s death had been.
Gabriel actually had the decency to look uncomfortable. “Yes, well, it was unexpected. But necessary, given the circumstances. I’m sorry, I don’t believe I caught your name.”
“Ezekiel.” His voice shook in rage. “Son of the regent of Caroly, sister to Honor, who you have so easily forgotten.”
Gabriel’s eyes widened. “Oh.”
Ezekiel glared at him. 
Gabriel flushed. “You must think I…” He fidgeted. “Listen, had I known that it was you—”
“I was sent here to collect my sister’s body,” said Ezekiel. “But now I think I’d like to find out exactly how she died.”
* * *
Michal, daughter of the emperor, squinted at the slice of cake she’d been given. It didn’t look particularly appetizing. There was no frosting, just yellow spongy-ness. She poked it with her fork.
“Stupid, isn’t it?” said Elizabeth, the daughter of one of the councilmen.
“Is it?” said Michal. She wasn’t even sure why she was eating this cake. She’d been in the middle of a nap when her servants had come in, woken her up, and insisted she attend. She might have refused, but she was bored. Lately, there had been lots of things going on at court. The death of her brother’s betrothed and then his hurried marriage to some common girl from town (which had made her father angrier than Michal had ever seen). All of that had been quite stimulating. But in the past few weeks, everything had calmed down. Michal was bored. Eating cake was something to do, at any rate. But she wasn’t sure why she and all the noble unmarried girls at court were all being fed this sub par concoction.
She peered over at Sarah, another daughter of a councilman. She wasn’t even eating the cake, just rooting through it with her fork, looking positively terrified.
Elizabeth was talking. “I don’t see why they even keep doing it. Why, there hasn’t been a necromancer in over fifty years. The wife isn’t anything more than a symbol at this point. It’s all completely unnecessary.”
Michal looked at her in surprise. “This is the necromancer cake?”
“Yes,” said Elizabeth. “You didn’t know?”
Michal shook her head. She found a seat at the table and began eagerly tearing through the cake. Well now, this was possibly the best thing that had happened to her in months—no years. This could solve all her problems.
She was the only daughter of the emperor left unmarried. It wasn’t for lack of interest on the part of suitors. Michal had simply refused all of them. 
Generally, it wouldn’t matter if she did refuse. It was unlikely that nobles got much of a choice in who they married, after all. But she and her brother Gabriel were both children of the emperor’s second wife—his favorite. Their mother had given birth first, much to the chagrin of the emperor’s first wife, who’d been trying to get pregnant for over a year when the emperor wed again. The first wife was horrified to know that her child would not be the heir. She’d managed to give birth to one child, the emperor’s second son, Michal’s half-brother Simon. But the emperor had always favored Michal’s mother anyway. She was the one who’d given birth to his heir. Gabriel. 
Of course, Gabriel was really a massive disappointment, at least from her father’s point of view, and she was too, if it came to that. Her father only tolerated them because he still liked their mother best. 
Still, her father was getting impatient. He wanted Michal married already.
Michal didn’t want that. At all.
She wasn’t against the idea of marriage or anything. She liked men, and she wasn’t opposed to being with one and having children and everything. 
But the thing she didn’t think she could stomach was sharing him.
As a little girl, she’d never known there was any other way of things. All of the nobles married that way—three women to one man. She thought it was normal until she found out from her servants that they didn’t have to share their husbands. Amongst the common people, it was one woman to one man. The end.
Michal couldn’t believe it. Why on earth was everything so different for the common people? She’d asked her mother about it, but her mother had only repeated the things that were said in worship meetings. Don’t question. Acceptance is transcendence. Needless curiosity is what led to the Scourge.
In other words, Michal’s mother didn’t know either. No one did.
Maybe she was crazy or heretical, but Michal found it unsettling that her whole society functioned on principals that no one understood. No one bothered to ask why. They thought asking why would lead them all to ruin. And they were fond of saying that it was working fine, wasn’t it, so there was no reason to change.
Same with this necromancer cake. They still served it to the women because it was the way things had always been, not for any other reason. Michal had made short work of her slice, cutting it into tiny pieces with her fork. 
Elizabeth was sitting next to her, slowly doing the same thing. “It really is stupid, Michal. There’s no reason to do this.”
“Well,” said Michal, “they wouldn’t change tradition, would they? We do what we’ve always done, the way God decrees it.”
Elizabeth smirked. “And we don’t question.”
“Nope,” said Michal. “After all…” And they chorused it together in a mocking tone, “Acceptance is transcendence.”
Elizabeth sighed.
Michal pushed away her cake. “There’s nothing in mine.”
Elizabeth raised an eyebrow. “You want to find it?”
“Yes,” said Michal. There was a bean cooked into the cake. It was in one of the slices. Whatever girl found it would be betrothed to the next necromancer.
“But why?”
“Because,” said Michal, “if I’m the necromancer’s intended, I can’t marry anyone else.”
Elizabeth furrowed her brow. “Um, how do you think we ended up eating this cake in the first place?”
Michal shrugged.
“Bethany, who was the last necromancer’s-wife-to-be, got married.” Elizabeth poked at her cake. “You can absolutely get married if you’re the necromancer’s intended.”
“But you have to consent to it,” said Michal, lifting her chin in triumph. True, most women didn’t want to be the necromancer’s intended. It wouldn’t be a pleasant prospect if a necromancer did rise. “Bethany wouldn’t have gotten into that marriage if she hadn’t wanted it.” 
It was Elizabeth’s turn to shrug. “I guess not. But everyone wants to get married.”
Michal didn’t say anything. Instead, she was thinking about how much easier it would be as the necromancer’s intended. If men inquired about her hand, she’d simply say she was already promised. She could be promised to the necromancer indefinitely. Until she was far too old to be married, in fact. This was her way to be free of marriage entirely.
“You do want to get married, don’t you?” said Elizabeth.
Michal went back to her cake. She sorted through it again, just trying to make sure that there wasn’t anything in there that she’d missed. Then she changed the subject. “What did you think of the dress that Eve was wearing at the banquet?”
“The blue one?” said Elizabeth. “It was hideous.”
Michal smiled. “Wasn’t it just?” She leaned in close, as if she was hanging on Elizabeth’s every word as the girl prattled on and on about the blue dress. But in fact, Michal was looking around the room at the others. Most had given up on their slices of cake, which were in disarray on the plates—not a one had eaten it. The girls were now talking and laughing together.
Except for Charity. She wasn’t talking to anyone. She had pushed the plate away, and she was staring at it in horror. Michal couldn’t be sure, but she thought that Charity was shaking.
Michal’s heart leapt. There. That was where the bean was. She made excuses to Elizabeth and got up from the table. She picked up her plate and went to sit down next to Charity.
Charity turned. Her face was white.
Michal slid her plate of cake in front of Charity. Then she took Charity’s cake.
Charity made a tiny noise in the back of her throat.
Michal used her fork to push aside pieces of the cake. Sure enough. There it was. The bean. Michal grinned.
Charity’s lip started to tremble. “Please… I don’t think I can—”
“Got it!” called out Michal, holding up the bean.
All the girls in the room turned to look at her.
Charity sputtered. “But-but—”
“Shh,” Michal soothed her. “The bean was in my cake. I’ll have to be the necromancer’s wife.”
“But you’re the emperor’s daughter,” said Charity. “And the necromancers kill their wives at least half of the time. You’ll be in danger.”
Michal rolled her eyes. “Well, there would have to be a necromancer for that to happen. And a necromancer hasn’t risen in over fifty years.”
* * *
Darius blinked. 
It was the first time he’d been able to see clearly in weeks. He was looking up at the sky, but his view was crisscrossed with vines and branches. 
He closed his eyes again.
Where was he?
Did it matter?
The last thing that he remembered clearly was standing on top of the wall outside the city of Jeffsotow, a long spear in his hands. He was driving it into the revenants’ skulls. Every time the blade went into their perfect, unmarred, young faces, their foreheads collapsed. They looked like broken dolls until the brackish black goo started to ooze out of the wound. Darius didn’t know what that goo was. Old blood congealed over the ages?
Most of the revenants had been made during the Scourge, so they were quite old, and anything inside them must be old as well. Of course, it wasn’t unheard of for a man or woman to be bitten and catch the virus nowadays, but most were killed as soon as they changed.
Like me, he thought.
He should be changing soon.
He remembered standing on the wall, wielding that spear. And then one of the revenants had wrapped a hand around the shaft and given it a tug.
I should have let go, he thought.
He wasn’t sure why he hadn’t. If he’d let go of the spear, the revenants would have taken it, but that was no matter. The revenants weren’t intelligent enough to use weapons or tools. They ran on nothing but instinct. Run. Tear. Kill. Eat.
But he hadn’t let go of the spear, and then he’d tumbled over the wall, down into the mass of revenants, and he’d felt their teeth in him, seen their unlined faces as they tore into him. They looked so peaceful, so perfect and beautiful. They went about the business of eating human flesh expressionless, because there was truly no humanity left in them. They had been human, but then they had died, and now they were only hollow shells with pretty faces.
He’d been thinking this as they sunk their teeth into his flesh, not thinking about the screaming behind him from the others on the wall.
But then strong arms had grabbed onto him and pulled him up out of the horde of revenants.
And that was the last thing he remembered.
At least the last thing he’d known clearly.
It seemed to him that some time had passed since then, but that didn’t make any sense. After being bitten by revenants, he would have turned into one of them in three days—maybe less, because he’d been so badly bitten and injured. He’d lost a lot of blood, and he was pretty sure that accounted for his wooziness.
But it seemed as if he’d been alive for more than three days. He remembered voices arguing over him. His vision had been blurry, but someone had wanted to take him away, take him… somewhere.
And then he’d been bouncing along in the back of a cart, the smell of horse sweat in his nostrils, his body racked with pain every place the revenants had bitten him. And still, he hadn’t been able to see. When he opened his eyes, all he’d seen was a milky film—light and shadow, but no real images.
I should be dead, he thought, opening his eyes again.
Again, he saw the sky above, obstructed by vines and leaves and foliage. But beyond that, the sky was quite blue and clear. He turned his head slightly to one side. Canvas fabric was hung as a partition. It was draped over a string. He followed the string with his eyes and saw that it was attached to a tree, but that tree was growing out of a crumbled bit of ruins. 
He looked to the other side. There was a wall—old, something built before the Scourge. It wasn’t stone, but that square, smooth stuff they’d used back then… concree, they called it, he thought. It was crumbling and falling down in chunks. Covered in flora, the wilderness growing over it in an attempt to take it back into the earth.
Where am I? He tried to move, to sit up.
But he found that he was chained down. He lay on a wooden pallet on the floor, and he was chained to the ruins.
He licked his lips, raising his head. He tried to speak.
No noise came through his lips except a voiceless hiss.
He tried again. He tried to call out, “Hello,” but instead, he only managed a mangled croak.
Almost immediately, the canvas partition stirred. A man pulled it aside and ducked under.
The vines shadowed the light, but Darius could see that he was young. He was wearing the fine clothes of a nobleman, a cloak over his tunic. 
The man smiled. “You’re awake.”
Darius’s nose twitched. He could smell the man, and the man smelled very, very… good. Tasty. He didn’t think he’d ever smelled anything like it in his life. It was like the smell of a great feast at harvest, only richer and closer and more enticing. Without thinking about it, Darius reached for the man. But his chains stopped him, digging into his flesh.
Darius groaned in frustration. The smell was driving him frantic.
The man chuckled. “Oh, yes, you’re almost through your transition. We’ll make a necromancer out of you yet.”






CHAPTER TWO

Ezekiel folded his arms over his chest. “Were you with Honor that night?”
“Me?” said Gabriel. “Of course not. I was never with her.” He winced. “Well, not never. Obviously, sometimes I—”
“Who was with her?”
“How should I know?” Gabriel’s voice was a squeak.
Ezekiel narrowed his eyes. If Gabriel weren’t the emperor’s son, he might really hit him. Haul off and punch him in the face. Well. Maybe not the face. Gabriel had a nice face.
Gabriel cleared his throat. “Look, Ezekiel, you and I have gotten off to a bad start, and I’m very sorry. I suppose it’s obvious that I wasn’t especially close with your sister. Not for any reason having to do with her, of course. She always seemed like a perfectly lovely girl. The thing is that I’ve just been quite busy, I suppose, and there was never really the time—”
“She was at court for two years.”
“Two very busy years that flew by like the wind.”
Ezekiel sucked in air through his nose, frustrated.
Gabriel looked down at the table where he’d found the candelabra. He straightened the corner of the tablecloth.
“Sir?” said Mark the servant.
Both Ezekiel and Gabriel turned to look at him. They’d forgotten he was there.
“Will that be all?” asked the servant boy.
“Yes, yes,” said Gabriel. “Absolutely. You may go. Immediately.”
The boy bobbed his head and backed out of the room, carrying the candelabra with him.
“Of course,” said Gabriel in a quiet voice, once the servant had left, “it was horrible that Honor should come to such an unfortunate accident. And I realize how painful it must be for you. I have sisters of my own, and if I were to lose them, I would be… devastated.”
Ezekiel cocked his head to one side, surveying the other man. Gabriel seemed contrite now, but Ezekiel couldn’t be sure it wasn’t an act. He hadn’t seemed the least bit concerned with Honor earlier. And while he was giving some kind of excuse for that now, he would also want to appease Ezekiel. If Gabriel had harmed Honor in some way, he wouldn’t want suspicion cast his way. Ezekiel was half-tempted to blurt out accusations, see how Gabriel reacted. But it was no light thing to accuse the emperor’s son of murder, so he kept it to himself.
“The way I’ve behaved thus far,” Gabriel continued, “is positively inexcusable. I beg your forgiveness, sir.”
Ezekiel lifted his chin, unsure of how to answer. 
“Please,” said Gabriel, a smile tugging at his lips. “I’m really not very good at being serious, and I know that’s not helping things.” He winced again. “No, no, that’s the complete worst thing to say in this situation, isn’t it? Because, of course, death is serious. It’s the most serious thing in the whole world. Nothing’s as serious as death. And if I can’t be serious about death, well, then, what’s wrong with me?” He sighed. “I suppose you have every right to hate me. I don’t blame you at all. And you don’t have to forgive me. Still, I’ve treated you terribly, so you’ll have to let me help you.”
In spite of himself, Ezekiel found himself just a tiny bit charmed. It was Gabriel’s boyish smile, he thought. When the emperor’s son was smiling, he had a devilishly appealing look to him.
That’s unreasonable, Ezekiel thought. You were just thinking that he’d killed Honor. 
Maybe his father and the others were right when they said that faggots like him had been robbed of their ability to think clearly and morally. If one smile from a pretty man’s face could turn his head so quickly—
But he wasn’t going to allow his head to be turned. He could not help his base desires, it was true, but he didn’t have to dwell on them. He could brush them aside and move on. Hadn’t he promised his father that he would never act on his lusts again?
“How would you help me?” Ezekiel’s voice was hoarse, and he cursed himself for it. It bespoke the turmoil going on inside him, and he wanted to keep it all hidden.
“Well, you said you wanted the body, right?” said Gabriel.
“That’s why I’m here,” said Ezekiel. His father wanted him to bring back Honor’s body. If he did so, then he would prove himself as a man—not simply an abomination and a disgrace. If he could do this properly, his father might start to forgive him. Maybe someday, even accept him.
“All right, then. Let’s find the body,” said Gabriel. “It’s the least I can do after everything.” He smiled at Ezekiel.
Ezekiel found himself smiling back. He couldn’t help it. Gabriel’s smile was infectious. 
But then Ezekiel realized his gaze was lingering too long. He was staring at Gabriel’s face for longer than was proper or right. He wrenched his gaze away.
Gabriel cleared his throat. “Oh, sorry about that.”
“What?” said Ezekiel.
Gabriel winced again. “Nothing. Follow me.” He turned away and began striding across the floor towards the door.
Ezekiel did as he asked and went after him.
Gabriel led him through the hallways of the emperor’s mansion and to a set of stairs. They began to descend level after level. 
Ezekiel kept pace behind the emperor’s son, but he didn’t walk next to him. It was easier this way, because he wasn’t looking Gabriel in the face. Ezekiel didn’t like the effect the other man had on him.
It had always been like this for Ezekiel. From the time he was quite young, he’d felt that something about him was simply different than it was for others. At first, he hadn’t fought his attractions, thinking them innocent. Even if he knew he wasn’t the same as others, he hadn’t seen the harm in what he felt. He had to be told that what he was feeling was evil in order to understand.
But now he knew it, and he could see why his curse was so insidious. It was a threat to the natural way that God had put people on earth. He even learned that faggotry had been prevalent before the Scourge, and that it was one of the things to bring down civilization. He heard often in worship meetings that the Scourge would be lifted from the people if they lived a pious and simple life. They must obey God, follow his commandments, never question, never complain. And someday, they would again live in a world without fences, without revenants waiting for them in the darkness, ready to scratch and bite and kill. Ezekiel wanted that world. He wanted to obey God. He simply couldn’t understand why it was so difficult for him.
Eventually, they reached the bottom of the steps. They were on the bottom level of the mansion, underground. It was made of stone, but water weeped amongst the cracks in the floor, and Ezekiel could smell the salt of the ocean.
The court of the empire was centered here in Sarrasarra, near the sea and the white sand beaches. The water level could rise easily here, and Ezekiel could see that this bottom level had flooded more than once. 
Gabriel gestured. “That’s the dungeons on that side.” He pointed straight ahead. “But we want the moratorium, which is where the corpses are prepared.”
Ezekiel nodded.
Gabriel started forward, then paused. “Was it insensitive for me to say ‘corpse’?”
“Let’s just find Honor’s body,” said Ezekiel.
“Right,” said Gabriel.
Ezekiel didn’t think they were going to have much luck in the moratorium. From the message that his father had received, he assumed that Honor’s body had been buried already. He’d been expecting to demand that her remains be dug up. But now Ezekiel was wondering about burial in this sandy, wet soil. If water could enter this lower level in the mansion, what would it do to a buried corpse? Still, he followed Gabriel into the moratorium.
A man looked up to see them enter. He was wearing a long black cloak and stood inside a narrow room with stone openings on either side. All the openings were large enough for a body. The man recognized Gabriel. “Sir,” he said. “What brings you here?”
“I’m looking for the body of Honor, my intended,” said Gabriel.
“Or knowledge of where she was laid to rest,” said Ezekiel.
The man shook his head. “Wish I could be of service. I never saw her body.”
Gabriel’s eyebrows drew together. “What do you mean? Of course you did. You must have.”
“No, I didn’t.”
“But you handle all the bodies in the mansion, from emperors to prisoners, don’t you?”
“Usually, yes,” said the man. “But not the lady Honor. I assumed her remains had been sent back to her family.”
“No,” said Ezekiel. “They were not.”
“Hmm,” said the man. “How odd.”
“You never saw her body at all? Even to prepare it for removal to her family?” said Gabriel.
Ezekiel spoke up. “Her family didn’t receive—”
Gabriel silenced him with a hand and a shake of the head. He looked expectantly at the man.
“Never,” said the man. “Never saw the body at all. Probably a mercy. I heard she was quite… damaged in the fall.”
Ezekiel flinched.
Gabriel glared at the man. “This is her brother. Have some respect.”
The man bowed his head.
Gabriel clasped his hands together and narrowed his eyes, thinking. “That doesn’t make any sense,” he muttered.
He’s right. It doesn’t, Ezekiel thought. Someone should have prepared Honor’s body. If no one had, then it could only mean—
“Is there anyone else that deals with the bodies of the dead?” said Gabriel.
The man shook his head. “No, sir. I have other workers who assist me, of course, but if a body were here, I would know about it.”
Honor’s body was lost. No wonder the emperor hadn’t sent it back to her family. He’d misplaced it somehow. Ezekiel’s nostrils flared. How the devil did someone manage to misplace a body?
Gabriel took Ezekiel by the arm. “Come on. Obviously, he doesn’t know anything.”
Ezekiel was startled by the other man’s touch. He pulled away immediately. It was best not to court temptation.
Gabriel winced again. “I didn’t mean…” He gazed sidelong at the man working in the moratorium. “Let’s just walk.” He pointed. “Back up the steps.”
Ezekiel hesitated for a moment, but he didn’t see any reason not to leave. Gabriel was right. They’d gotten all the information from this man that they were going to get. Ezekiel started up the steps. The emperor’s son followed after him.
They rounded a corner and started up another set of steps.
Gabriel’s voice at his back. “Maybe she’s not dead at all.”
Ezekiel stopped short.
Gabriel collided with him, and the two of them both recoiled as if they’d been burned.
“Sorry,” said Ezekiel.
“No, no. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have…” Gabriel wouldn’t meet his eyes.
Enough of that. Ezekiel was sick of feeling this way. Why in all of God’s creation couldn’t the other man be ugly? If he were, everything would be that much easier. Ezekiel shook his head. “What do you mean, ‘not dead’?”
“Think about it,” said Gabriel. “I don’t know anyone who’s seen her body. I never saw it. That man never saw it. How do we have any proof she’s dead at all?”
Ezekiel’s heart leapt. If Honor were alive, then this tragedy would not have befallen his family at all. And if he were the one to tell his father that his sister was actually alive—
But wait.
Why would Gabriel be spinning this theory? Until just a while ago, Ezekiel had thought it was possible that the emperor’s son was responsible for his intended’s death. If that really were the case, then why would he say that Honor could be alive? It didn’t seem to make sense, because if he had murdered the girl, then he would only be giving Ezekiel false hope, and what could he possibly gain by that?
Gabriel moved around Ezekiel on the steps. “Come with me,” he said and began to ascend the stairs.
Ezekiel started up behind him, but his brain was still churning. Did this mean that Gabriel wasn’t involved in Honor’s death?
He hoped so. He realized that he didn’t want to have a reason to hate Gabriel. He didn’t want that at all.
But none of it made sense. Honor was dead.
Someone must have seen her fall from that balcony. Otherwise, how could…
Had someone simply made up the story? Who would do that? And if Honor were still alive, then where was she?
Every question he asked seemed to lead to more questions.
Gabriel led him up the stairs and through the mansion. With every step, Ezekiel only felt more confused. Was his sister alive? Was she dead, but her body misplaced? Was Gabriel somehow responsible for this? 
Finally, Gabriel stopped in a hallway off the receiving room, where Ezekiel had waited earlier. The hallway had a high ceiling, and there was a balcony above, exposing the upper floor. A stairwell wound down, bridging the two floors.
Gabriel gestured upwards. “It happened here. Her quarters were in that upper wing.”
Ezekiel swallowed. He looked down at the polished floor, which looked pristine. No stains. No indication. He imagined Honor’s body, broken and bloody—her long auburn curls splayed out—
He took a step backward, averting his eyes.
Gabriel noticed. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean—” He took a deep breath. “Look, what if it didn’t happen? What if it’s all just a story? What if she was unhappy, and she decided to fake her death so that she could run away?”
“Did she seem unhappy?”
Gabriel looked down at his feet. “You know, I don’t… I really didn’t pay much attention.”
Ezekiel was suddenly beginning to feel quite emotional. Tears pricked his eyes. He hadn’t given a lot of thought to Honor’s situation here at court. He’d been so consumed with his own issues—hiding his proclivities, feeling guilty about them, struggling against them, giving in anyway. But now he wondered what it must have been like for her, sent away from her family to live in this cold mansion, the man she was intended to marry ignoring her. She must have been unhappy, mustn’t she? He drew in a breath, and he was trembling.
Gabriel dragged his hands over his face. “I’ve done the wrong thing.”
Ezekiel was quiet. He could only think of his unhappy sister. Maybe she’d thrown herself off the balcony. Maybe it hadn’t been an accident.
Gabriel wandered over to the wall. He rested a hand against it, gazed into the distance. “If I’m honest, I think I did the wrong thing by your sister from the moment I met her.” A long pause. “I wish I could explain, but if I told you the real reason that I didn’t marry your sister, you’d be disgusted. But please understand, I thought that it was impossible for me to make her happy, and I—”
“Gabriel?” A female voice interrupted, echoing through the hallway.
Ezekiel turned to see a woman making her way down the stairs to the bottom level. She was dressed like a noblewoman in a dress made of fine cloth with decorative stitching at the hems. Like all the nobles, her clothes were both modest and simple. Humility was a virtue, and even the members of the landowning class were cautioned never to think themselves better than the common people. That was what God commanded. Ezekiel had been alive long enough to know that most nobles thought the common people dirt and treated them as such. Still, it was a nice thought, anyway.
Gabriel went to the woman, meeting her at the bottom of the steps. “Leah. What are you doing down here?”
“Certainly I’m allowed out of my quarters occasionally.” There was a hint of sarcasm in the woman’s voice.
Gabriel’s jaw twitched. “I thought we agreed it would be best if you stayed out of sight as much as possible for now. Until you’re… you know.” He glanced meaningfully at her belly.
Ezekiel was instantly suspicious. What was that all about? He cleared his throat.
Gabriel looked back at him, and there was worry in his expression. “Uh, Ezekiel, if you wouldn’t mind giving me a moment.”
“A moment?” said Ezekiel. 
“Yes, just one moment alone. I’ll be with you again very quickly.”
“Sir, I don’t mean to overstate my bounds, but I would be remiss to leave you alone with a woman. We are all to guard each other against temptation.”
“Oh, no.” Gabriel laughed. “Leah is my wife, and so, you see…”
That was what Ezekiel had thought. So, this was Gabriel’s wife. The one he’d married within weeks of Honor’s death, when he wouldn’t marry Honor for two full years. What was it about this Leah that made her more special than Ezekiel’s sister? He didn’t think he’d ever seen her before, and so she certainly didn’t have more land, money, or prestige that Ezekiel’s family. In fact, since he didn’t know her, that could only mean that Leah was… a commoner?
Could it be?
It wasn’t unheard of for noblemen to take common women as wives. It was considered good practice to keep the bloodlines clean. However, no man took a commoner as a first wife. That simply wasn’t done.
Ezekiel advanced on the two of them. “Your wife?” He plastered a big smile on his face. “I don’t believe I’ve had the pleasure.”
Gabriel looked annoyed. “Yes, of course. Ezekiel, may I present my wife Leah. Leah, this is Ezekiel.”
Ezekiel took her hand.
She smiled at him. “Ezekiel, I don’t think I’ve seen you at court before.”
“He’s here about his sister, Honor,” said Gabriel. “He just arrived today.”
“Honor,” said Leah. “That’s the woman who was so tragically lost to us.”
“Just before you arrived,” said Ezekiel. “Yes.”
Gabriel made a choking noise in the back of his throat. “It’s not like that, Ezekiel. I assure you. If you’re thinking that Leah’s arrival is in any way connected to Honor, then you’re completely wrong.”
Ezekiel folded his arms over his chest. “I’m wrong? But you admit it looks suspicious.”
Gabriel rubbed the back of his neck. “There’s nothing suspicious about it. Would you please give me a moment alone with my wife?”
“Why?” said Ezekiel. “So that you can usher her upstairs and keep her out of sight so that no one at court notices how fast her belly is growing?”
Leah sighed. “Oh, what does it matter? Everyone’s going to guess anyway. He guessed in two minutes. It’s not as if they can stop us from being married, is it?”
Gabriel buried his head in his hands.
Ezekiel took a breath. He was trembling again, but this time it was in anger. “So, she is pregnant. You are, aren’t you, madam?”
“Yes,” said Leah. “Gabriel and I were madly in love, and we just couldn’t keep our hands off of each other. But we’re married now, and surely, God will understand our sin was prompted by love.”
Gabriel raised his face to glare at her. “Go upstairs,” he said in a tight voice.
“What?” she said. 
He pointed.
“You can’t keep me upstairs forever, Gabriel.”
“I’ll deal with you later,” Gabriel growled.
“No, it’s fine,” said Ezekiel. “I think I understand everything perfectly now. I don’t suppose I’ll be needing your assistance any longer, sir, thank you.” He turned on his heel and stalked down the hallway, his back to the emperor’s son.
“Ezekiel,” called Gabriel. “You don’t, you know. You don’t understand.”
Ezekiel kept walking. He entered the receiving room again and took several breaths to steady himself. He couldn’t believe he’d allowed himself to be so charmed by Gabriel. He was hopeless when it came to good-looking men, and he hated himself for it. Perhaps Honor had felt the same way. Perhaps she’d waited for the emperor’s son to be ready for her, charmed by his boyish smile and his easy nature. 
But all the time, Gabriel had been dallying with a common girl. And eventually, he’d impregnated her.
Gabriel would obviously know what happened to illegitimate children. They and their mothers were cast out. They were forced to travel from place to place, never allowed to settle. They and others like them formed small enclaves to perform for villages. He wouldn’t have wanted a life like that for his child. Not singing and juggling for a few coins, nearly starving, always on the run.
No, he’d want to marry and save that child from shame.
Of course, there was a problem. He was promised to Honor, and he had to marry her first. But if he did marry her, he’d have to wait the customary year before taking a second wife.
So, there was no way out of it except to get rid of Honor. And so, Gabriel had done it. It was the only thing that made sense. 
Ezekiel shook all over. He wanted to run back into that hallway and wrap his hands around Gabriel’s neck and squeeze—
“Ezekiel.”
He whirled.
Gabriel stood in the doorway.
“Don’t,” Ezekiel rasped. “Stay away from me.”
“No, I have to try to make you understand—”
“That you murdered my sister to save your child from being branded a bastard? I think I understand just fine,” said Ezekiel.
“That’s not…” Gabriel balled his hands into fists and pressed them against his eyes. His voice was muffled. “It’s all very complicated.”
“Not complicated. Simple. It sounded pretty simple when I said it, didn’t it?”
Gabriel lowered his hands and took a step towards Ezekiel.
“Stop,” said Ezekiel.
“I never hurt Honor. I swear to God, I wouldn’t do something like that.”
“So, I’m supposed to believe that she conveniently died and allowed you to marry your pregnant mistress, is that it?”
Gabriel’s face reddened. “She wasn’t my mistress.”
“What are you talking about? Of course she was. That’s plain as day. You can’t deny that.”
The emperor’s son squeezed his eyes shut and opened them. “No. It’s not like that. It’s… well, it’s really impossible to explain, but you have to trust me.”
“That’s the thing,” said Ezekiel. “I don’t trust you. Now I don’t have any proof of what you’ve done, not yet, but I will, and when I do, I’ll bring this before the high council and you’ll be—”
“Stop.” Gabriel grabbed Ezekiel by the shoulders. “Listen, you positively cannot do that. It would be disastrous for Leah, and she’s had a rather long string of bad luck.”
“For Leah? What about my sister?”
“I had nothing to do with what happened to your sister. It’s like I said, I never even saw her body.” 
Ezekiel struggled out of the other man’s grasp. “Sure, you didn’t.”
“I didn’t. Listen, would I have tried to help you find her body if I’d actually murdered her?”
It was the same thought that Ezekiel had earlier. It made a certain amount of sense, but this theory that Gabriel had harmed Honor also made sense. He was confused. He wasn’t sure what he believed.
“Something strange is going on,” said Gabriel. “You have to see that. It’s very odd that her body’s disappeared. No one’s seen it, and that’s—”
“Someone must have seen it.” Ezekiel glared at him. “Otherwise, how would anyone know she was dead?”
“But that’s exactly my point. We don’t know she’s dead. And I wouldn’t give you false hope if I knew otherwise. How would that serve me?”
“Your father seemed convinced she was dead when he sent word to my family.”
“Well, let me talk to my father then.”
“I want to talk to your father.”
“Of course. But you waited half a day for him to give you an audience, and he never arrived. You may wait for weeks before he decides he has time for you. I can get in to see him sooner.”
“I don’t trust you,” said Ezekiel. “I thought we’d established that.”
Gabriel sighed.
“Even if you didn’t murder my sister,” said Ezekiel, “you didn’t do right by her. You were engaged to her, but you were involved with Leah all the while—”
“I wasn’t,” said Gabriel.
“She said that the two of you were madly in love.”
“I told her to say that. But I’m not in love with her. I couldn’t be in love with her.”
What was he saying? Ezekiel shook his head at him. 
Gabriel was flustered. “No—that’s not what I meant. Of course I… love her. She’s my wife.” He let out a noisy breath and didn’t meet the other man’s gaze. “I don’t know what it is about you, Ezekiel, but I can’t seem to stop wanting to be honest with you. But it wouldn’t be a good idea to tell you the truth.”
“Because the truth is that you killed my sister?”
“No.”
Ezekiel turned away. “Say what you want. I’m through with listening. I’ll get to the bottom of all of this.” He started to walk across the room.
Gabriel caught him by the shoulder and turned him around. “Wait.”
Ezekiel whirled, shaking Gabriel away. “Keep your hands off me.”
“I want to believe that I could tell you.” Gabriel looked deeply into the other man’s eyes. “I almost think… But I can’t chance it. If it went badly… well…”
Ezekiel stepped backward. “For all I know, you murdered my sister. Don’t speak to me. Don’t come near me. Do you understand?”
Gabriel’s jaw worked, as if he was trying to speak.
Ezekiel didn’t let him. He turned away again and stalked across the room to the door. This time, the other man didn’t stop him.
* * *
Michal, daughter of the emperor, tossed her hair insouciantly. “I really don’t understand why you’re angry, Father. It’s not like I planned it. I got the bean. Nothing I can do about that, now, is there?”
Her father was pacing in his study. He wouldn’t look at her, but she could tell from his movements that he was angry. “It’s as if you’re a complete dimwit. You do know what happens to the necromancer’s wife, don’t you?” 
She rolled her eyes. “Father, there hasn’t been a necromancer in fifty years.”
“That doesn’t matter,” he said. “A new one could rise at any time.”
“But one won’t.”
He turned on her, advancing slowly. “Perhaps you need a refresher course, daughter. When a necromancer rises, he is always unstable. He is a revenant in all ways except for the fact that he retains his ability to think and speak. The hope is that he’ll retain his self-control along with that.”
Michal backed up. She didn’t like the look in her father’s eyes.
He kept coming. “But there’s no guarantee of that. And because there was no way to be sure that the necromancer could be trusted not to begin eating the very people he was meant to protect, our ancestors came up with a test.”
Michal backed up again. But now she had nowhere to go. She had backed into one of her father’s tables.
Her father closed in on her. “That test involves a girl. One girl who is chosen by lottery to be the necromancer’s wife. He spends one night with her. If she survives, the necromancer is safe. If she is dead… well, then he isn’t, and the necromancer is put to death. You could be eaten, daughter, do you understand? A maddened husk of a man could tear your flesh from your bones with his teeth.”
Michal flinched. “But… Father… they don’t have necromancers anymore.” 
In the past, necromancers were much more common. There were holy men trained in the art of helping them rise. But many of the necromancers were unstable, and they did indeed eat their brides. At that time, the necromancer’s wives were chosen among the common people, and so girls were being killed left and right. 
At some point, there was an outcry amongst the people, and they refused to allow any more of their daughters to be offered up to the necromancers. At the time, Judah the Equalizer was the emperor, and he calmed the people by changing the rules. Now, the necromancer’s wife would be chosen from amongst the nobility. Since that time, the number of necromancers had dwindled.
After only a few of the noblewomen were killed, the practice was not as welcome to the emperor or the nobility anymore. Gradually, the holy men stopped bringing forth necromancers, and then the practice had stopped altogether.
Some people bemoaned the loss of necromancers, because they could indeed be useful. The necromancers had the ability to control the revenants. With necromancers, revenants were not dangerous. They could be used for work, as free labor. In the old days, nearly every landowning regent had a necromancer and a crew of revenants working in the fields. 
But the empire was now surrounded by fences and rivers, and almost all the revenants were outside. Certainly, now and then, one wandered into a village, or a horde was awakened when some idiot went traipsing through some part of the forest that hadn’t been explored in years. But for the most part, the empire was safe. There was no need of necromancers.
The emperor glared at Michal. “A necromancer could very well rise. One could be rising this very instant, for all you know.”
“Father, please.” Michal extricated herself from between the table and her father. She found a chair and sat down. “That’s not even why you’re angry, is it? You’re angry because I’m off the marriage market, and you’ve promised me somewhere again.”
The emperor’s lip twisted. “You have been a worthless daughter, I must admit. All my other girls were eager to please me, and they married and made good alliances for our family and for the empire. But you have been spoiled and willful. Your mother indulges you too much.”
That was more like it. Michal knew that he wasn’t really concerned with her dying. There was no way she was going to be eaten by a necromancer. It was laughable really, like the idea of being carried off by a dragon.
“You’ll have to marry at once,” said her father. “That’s the only way out for you.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” said Michal. “I don’t want to get married. I’ve told you before. And now I don’t have to. I think this is perfect.”
Her father’s eyes narrowed. “You did this on purpose, didn’t you?”
“No. I got the bean. It was chance.” Michal shrugged.
He shook his head. “You really are an idiot girl.”
That was typical too. Her father was always insulting her. She was used to it by now, but occasionally, it still stung. She knew what it took to garner her father’s praise. She would need to be demure, silent, and obedient—allow her father to direct all her choices. Well, his praise wasn’t worth all that to Michal, and so she had come to accept his ire instead.
“Perhaps you deserve it,” he said.
“Deserve to have a choice over my own future? Deserve to be free of being forced to marry some man I despise? Yes, I think I do.”
He chuckled. “Deserve to be offered up to a monster for a meal.”
“Father, why do you keep harping on this? There are no necromancers.”
He shrugged. “I’m done with you, Michal. You wish to do as you please? Well, have at it. I can’t deal with your willful attitude anymore. Whatever happens to you is your own fault. Leave me.” He gestured to the door.
She got up and started out of the room. That was fine. She didn’t like being around him anyway. She opened the door.
He was muttering. “Stupid girl deserves what she gets.”
She threw herself out and slammed the door on him. 
* * *
Ezekiel wandered around the mansion for a while after taking leave of Gabriel. At first, all he could do was seethe. His heart pounded in his chest, and he didn’t think he’d ever been quite so angry. After a bit, though, he began to calm down. 
And then he began to talk to the servants that he saw in the hallways, questioning them about Honor.
Most remembered her, and they had nice things to say. Honor had a sweet disposition, and she was always kind to the servants, or so they said. 
But when it came to the night of Honor’s death, no one seemed to have actually witnessed her fall. In fact, no one that he spoke to had even seen the body.
He thought he was onto a lead at one point when he spoke to the butler, who said that he hadn’t seen the fall, but that Stuart in the kitchens most definitely had. 
Ezekiel had made his way to the kitchens and asked after Stuart. A black-haired lad with buck teeth came out to talk to him. 
Unfortunately, Stuart hadn’t seen the body either. He said that he’d been near the wing of the castle that night, but that hallway had been blocked off and no one had been allowed in. Presumably because of Honor’s body, he supposed. But at the time, he’d thought it had something to do with the fact that some prisoners had escaped from the dungeons. 
No one had made much of a fuss over Honor until the next day, according to Stuart. Instead, everyone had been too preoccupied with trying to make sure all the doors and windows were sealed tight against the escapees. But the following morning, when Honor’s body had been discovered, it was all anyone was talking about. Honor had fallen in the hubbub, and she was dead. All of the servants had been very sad about it.
Ezekiel wasn’t sure if Stuart was telling him the truth about how much the servants all adored Honor or not. It seemed as if the man was trying to flatter him, and he wasn’t interested in that. What he was interested in was finding out what had happened to his sister. He asked who had discovered Honor’s body.
“I don’t know,” said Stuart. “But someone must have.”
Ezekiel asked if Stuart might have any idea of anyone who might know who that someone was.
Stuart didn’t.
At a dead end, Ezekiel was exhausted. He left the mansion and went into town to the inn where he was staying. His possessions were already in his room upstairs, but there was a tavern downstairs in the inn, and Ezekiel found he could use a drink, so he stopped off at the bar and ordered some ale.
He sipped at the frothy liquid, feeling a little more relaxed with every drink. He peered around the tavern at the other patrons Most seemed to be locals, commoners who lived in Sarrasarra. They eyed him, wary of the nobleman in their midst. It made Ezekiel uncomfortable, so he turned back to his drink and the bar.
There was a woman tending, not a man, and Ezekiel was relieved by that. He found that he often was looser with a bit of ale in him, and he sometimes gave himself away with the barkeeps, being a little too… demonstrative. He wasn’t supposed to be feeling attraction at all, of course, but he couldn’t help that. The best he could do was not to act on his attractions. And that was easier said than done.
Sighing, Ezekiel thought of Gabriel. Did he believe the man? Part of him wanted to, and it wasn’t only because of Gabriel’s charming smile. Gabriel seemed… genuine somehow, and he wanted to put his trust in that impression.
But the evidence…
He gulped at his drink.
“Another ale, sir?” asked the barmaid.
He hadn’t finished this one, but why not? He tipped the glass to his lips and sucked down the rest. Setting the glass down, he said, “Yes, thank you.”
The barmaid began to fill up his glass from the barrel behind the bar. “Were you up at the emperor’s mansion today?”
Ezekiel cocked his head, trying to decide if the barmaid was fishing for information or simply making conversation. He decided on the latter, since he didn’t see what she’d want with information. “I was.”
“Figured.” She set the glass in front of him. “Most of the nobles that come through here go up to the mansion.”
He nodded. “Well, so did I.” He expected the barmaid to wander off after the brief exchange. But instead, she leaned against the bar. “Did you happen to see the emperor’s son’s new wife when you were there?”
“Actually…” He furrowed his brow. “Why do you ask?”
She shrugged. “Oh, no reason. It’s just that everyone wants a look at her. Word is that she wasn’t nobody before he married her. Just some merchant’s daughter who lived in West Sarrasarra.”
“I wouldn’t know, of course.”
“Well, you seen her, though?”
“I did.”
“And you didn’t know who she was? She wasn’t some noble lady?”
“No,” said Ezekiel. “She wasn’t.” He really didn’t want to talk about this. It was making him angry all over again. He couldn’t understand why Gabriel hadn’t simply married his sister. Why this girl instead? And why had he claimed he didn’t love her? Why had he denied what was obvious?
“Doesn’t make sense,” said the barmaid.
Ezekiel chuckled darkly. “It makes perfect sense. The emperor’s son obviously got the girl in trouble and didn’t want his child to grow up a bastard.”
The barmaid shook her head. “Not the emperor’s son. No, no, there’s talk about that one.”
“Talk?” said Ezekiel.
The barmaid leaned forward and lowered her voice conspiratorially. “Gabriel has unnatural tastes.”
Ezekiel drew his eyebrows together. “What?”
“He don’t even try to hide it neither. He’s always out and about with some boy or the other. Leastways, he was before this marriage. Now, it’s been weeks and no one’s seen him.”
Ezekiel choked. “With a… boy?”
“Well, not a little boy. You know, a youth. A young man, not an old one. You know what I mean. That’s what the ones like him do. They take on with younger ones.”
“Ones like him,” Ezekiel murmured.
“Yeah,” said the barmaid. “Queers. Sodomites.”
“Faggots,” said Ezekiel.
The barmaid nodded. “Yeah.”
Ezekiel got up from the bar. “I think I’ll retire to my room.”
“But you haven’t finished your ale, sir.”
He shook his head. “That’s all right.”
“Did I upset you, sir?” The barmaid looked worried. “I’m so very sorry. Maybe I shouldn’t have brought up the… well, you know.”
“You didn’t do anything wrong.” He got a few coins out of his pocket and slid them across the bar.
At the sight of the money, the barmaid brightened.
Ezekiel turned and walked away as quickly as he could.






CHAPTER THREE

Gabriel retreated to his study after Ezekiel had stormed away. His study was the place where he felt the most comfortable, and he went there to distract himself when he was thinking unpleasant thoughts. He didn’t like unpleasant thoughts. Gabriel wasn’t particularly good with unpleasantness of any kind. He wanted to live in a world that was only joy and fun and ease. 
He didn’t. He knew that. But sometimes, he liked to pretend that he did. If he surrounded himself only with the things that delighted him, and if he brought as much delight as he could to the others around him, then it sometimes felt as if the world were nothing but one big bubble of joy.
He very much enjoyed himself in his study.
He called it the study, because his father had a study, and that seemed an appropriate name. But in reality, it was more than just a room. It spanned several rooms in one of the lower floors of the mansion. It was a library. It was a lab. It was a place of learning and discovery. And it was his. His alone. Not even the servants were permitted down here. It was Gabriel’s place of solitude and respite.
Gabriel had claimed the room as an early adolescent. Like his sisters and brother, he was taught to read. Most people weren’t. The common people never got the chance, and even most other members of the nobility never bothered to learn or to teach their children. The holy men didn’t consider it a good idea. They were fearful that reading might introduce radical thoughts that would challenge all of society. After all, according to the holy men, everything in the world worked well because the people in the empire didn’t question things. They accepted their lot in life, and through that acceptance, they learned to be stronger, more spiritual people. 
The holy men were also fond of pointing out that the Scourge had happened when humanity was at its furthest from a natural state. Before the Scourge, humans had mutilated their environment. They’d made flying machines that burned fuel and spit black smoke into the sky. They’d created other machines to send pictures of immoral activities across the entire world at lightning speeds. They’d made injections that stopped human skin from aging—out of vanity, of course. And those injections had created the revenants. The human race had sown a world of danger and pain, and they’d reaped what they’d sown. The holy men claimed that the only way to set the world back on track was to live simple lives, divorced from the activities that had brought down the Scourge.
Reading was considered a dangerous idea. Reading allowed a person to learn about things outside his own experience, to dream of crazy ideas. Dreaming was dangerous. Better to accept one’s lot than to dream about it being different. Better to do one’s duty than to rebel. 
Better not to think, to question, to try to make improvements.
“Before the Scourge, they thought they were improving their lives,” said the holy men. “But instead, they were only leading themselves to ruin.”
Gabriel thought everything the holy men said was bullshit.
He was lucky enough to be taught to read. The emperor thought it was important for his children—the ruling class—to understand more about their world than just the small bit of it they interacted with. He encouraged the other nobles to learn to read also, but most didn’t listen to him. The emperor felt that a ruler had to know what it was like for others besides himself or he wouldn’t be effective in his ruling capacity.
Gabriel, as heir apparent, was especially encouraged to read.
And read he did. He took to it far more than his other siblings. Most of his sisters gave up after learning to read some fairy stories and composing a few notes to their mothers complete with shaky child drawings of flowers. Michal held on longer than the others, and Simon too, but even the two of them weren’t quite as exulted by the experience of reading as Gabriel was.
Gabriel was entranced. He read everything he could get his hands on. The emperor had an extensive library. The books were very old, all written before the Scourge, and some were quite hard to read. But Gabriel read everything he could. He read novels written just before the Scourge. He read encyclopedias and history books. He drank in all the information that he could get.
The holy men were right. Reading did make him dream. 
And it did make him dissatisfied with his life. It was impossible for him to accept his duty when he knew how different the world could be.
He understood that he was very lucky. He’d been born to privilege. He knew that there were other places in the empire where things were even worse. He also sometimes wondered about the wilds beyond the walls of the empire. The borders stretched only over the southern part of what had been the United States of America. There was a lot of land to the north and even more to the west. If people had survived and thrived in the empire, some must have thrived outside the walls as well. 
The holy men said that only the members of the Life—which was their religious order—had survived the Scourge. This was because the Life had lived a simple life before the Scourge. They’d never relied on things like electricity and grocery stores to survive. They’d been self-sufficient, so God saved them from death.
But Gabriel thought that was bullshit as well. He didn’t really believe in God—or if he did, the god he believed in much more resembled the clock-maker god of deists like Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson. (Gabriel was enthralled by Enlightenment ideals.) He didn’t think there was any evidence at all that God interfered in the lives of humans. God wasn’t punishing evil-doers, and he wasn’t rewarding righteous men. 
No, Gabriel was convinced that it was up to humans themselves to mete out what justice they could. The world was a harsh, cruel place. On that the holy men were correct. But that didn’t mean that humans had to accept the state of things. No, they could strive to make things better. They could do things to make their lives easier, to foster equality amongst themselves, to make life worth living.
One thing that fascinated Gabriel more than anything else was the idea of electricity. And he used the portion of his study that he called the lab to perform his own experiments. He’d managed to find information in some of his books about something called a battery, which stored electricity to be used to power all manner of things. It had taken him years of trial and error, but finally, he’d cobbled a primitive battery together from zinc, copper, acid, and saltwater brine.
Having made the battery, however, Gabriel wasn’t quite sure what to do with it. He had dreams of a new Renaissance—bringing learning and scientific knowledge to the empire. Once he was emperor, he wanted to gather all the most intelligent men of his time together and give them access to all resources and learning. He wanted to change the world. He wanted…
But he was always getting ahead of himself. He wasn’t the emperor yet, and his father certainly didn’t share his ideas about progress.
Gabriel had brought those traveling gypsies to the mansion because he’d heard that they were doing “magic” that consisted of pretty sparks in the darkness. Gabriel was almost sure it was electricity, and he wanted to see it for himself. But he should have known better, because once his father had seen the show, he’d been furious and locked the gypsies up in the dungeon.
Gabriel should have realized that the holy men would be threatened by such a thing. They’d think it sinful and dangerous.
Luckily, the gypsies had escaped the dungeon somehow, but they wouldn’t have been imprisoned at all if it hadn’t been for Gabriel bringing them to court in the first place.
No, he had to wait. Wait until his father was dead, until he could take over the empire. Then he could run things the way he wanted to.
Gabriel was certain that the only reason the Scourge had been so devastating to the people of the empire was that they’d lain down and taken it. They hadn’t fought back. They’d started, right after the Scourge, when the empire was just being formed. Gabriel had the journals of men from that time. At first, the Life had only been a faction, not the ruling majority. Some of those other men had believed they could change things. That was where the necromancers had come from. If it hadn’t been for people working with the original injections that had created the revenants, they’d never have been able to bring forth necromancers in the first place. And they also knew that the revenants communicated by smell, like bees. The original injection which had caused the revenants had been derived from bee venom. The batch that had gone bad had been infected with some kind of virus. The viral component was what made it possible for revenants to infect humans. 
But all of that study had stopped once the faction of the Life had overtaken the empire. No one knew anything more about the revenants, because it was forbidden to question and to try to change things. 
Gabriel had read so much about the accomplishments of humanity. He was sure that it was within the purview of the human race to solve the revenant problem. It might not happen in his lifetime, or even in the lifetime of the generation succeeding him, but it would happen. If, and only if, people were allowed to focus their energy on the problem. To use experimentation, trial and error, to find solutions. 
The holy men were stifling the potential of the entire empire. Gabriel wanted to change that.
He stared around at his study, feeling frustrated. Now, he was doubly frustrated, thinking of everything he wanted to accomplish. When he’d come down here, he’d only been frustrated because Ezekiel didn’t understand that he hadn’t hurt Honor. But now, it all seemed compounded. Everything seemed so much more dire.
In a way, though, it put his problem with Ezekiel in perspective. He’d been behaving as if his connection to Leah was a terrible secret, one that could destroy everything.
But that was his father talking. His father had confronted Gabriel recently, angry about Gabriel’s choice of bedfellows. He called Gabriel all kinds of foul names and said he was ashamed of him. He said that Gabriel had to hide his weaknesses better, that he needed to be married and to have a child.
I don’t really care what he thinks, Gabriel thought to himself. When I’m emperor, I’ll change everything.
For that matter, he didn’t much care if Ezekiel knew it either. Gabriel was rather used to men being initially disturbed by his preferences. 
The truth was, though, that most people would be surprised how many of them changed their tune from disturbed to curious when Gabriel probed a bit. His father thought he was shaming the entire court, but his father didn’t know how many men at court had shimmied out of their trousers and tunics for Gabriel. Not all of them, of course. There were men who were truly only interested in women. But it was surprising how many men didn’t mind stroking a prick when it really came down to it.
Gabriel smirked. If buggery were really such a terrible secret, he supposed he could blackmail those men for their support.
So, he thought he’d be open with Ezekiel. And maybe Ezekiel would prove to be one of those curious men. He was a nice enough man to look at. Gabriel appreciated his thick eyelashes and the fine bits of dark hair on the back of his forefingers. Yes, Ezekiel would be a fun partner for a night. And it was about time, anyway. Gabriel didn’t think he’d been with a man since marrying Leah.
* * *
It was dark outside, and Ezekiel knew he should be going to bed. But he sat up in his room, huddled around a candle and thinking about the fact that no one knew where his sister’s body was. He needed to talk to the emperor himself. That man had sent the message that Honor was dead. He must know the truth of matters.
One thing Ezekiel didn’t let himself think about was Gabriel.
Instead, he peered into the depths of the candle, watching the fire dance, bright white at the edges and darker within where it hugged the wick.
When he lifted his gaze, the imprint of the flame tattooed his vision. He looked out the window into the darkness of Sarrasarra at night. He could see lights in windows down the street. The roads here were the same ones used before the Scourge, though they’d been thoroughly covered in cobblestones years ago. But they were straight and wide, unlike the streets in Ezekiel’s hometown of New Charltow where streets twisted and turned narrowly between buildings.
The darkness was a warm blanket, hiding everything. Ezekiel used to welcome it, because it seemed easier to give in to his abhorrent desires in the dark. But now he knew that it didn’t matter. God saw all, saw deep into his soul, and there was no escaping his own dark self. 
Ezekiel shut his eyes.
He could still see the imprint of the flame.
A knock on the door.
Who could that be? Probably a servant here to ask him some inane question about breakfast or baths. He stalked over to the door and yanked it open.
A servant boy was indeed there. “Pardon me, sir, but there’s someone to see you.”
What?
“He was very insistent,” the boy continued.
You mean he gave you quite a bit of coin, Ezekiel thought. He grimaced. “I don’t want to see anyone.”
“Too bad,” said another voice, one from the shadows behind the servant. And then Gabriel was pushing his way through the door, standing so close to Ezekiel that they were practically touching.
Ezekiel stumbled backwards.
Gabriel was smiling that boyish, carefree grin of his.
“Out,” Ezekiel growled. He wasn’t sure if he meant it to Gabriel or to the servant boy.
But it was only the servant who listened, bobbing his head in obedience and pulling the door shut in his wake.
Ezekiel stared at Gabriel. His body started to shake. 
Gabriel cleared his throat. “Sorry to show up on you unannounced and so late.”
“What do you want?” Ezekiel said. 
“I need to explain,” said Gabriel. “I thought before I couldn’t, but I realize now—”
“No need.” Ezekiel went back to the window and focused on a candle across the street, burning bright and strong.
“There is, though,” said Gabriel. “I can’t bear it if you think that I hurt your sister. You see, the thing with Leah—”
“A cover,” said Ezekiel, his voice choked. “You married her because you need to keep up appearances.”
Gabriel made a surprised noise.
Ezekiel turned to look at him. “The barmaid was full of stories about you.”
Gabriel shrugged. He was still grinning. “Well, what can I say? Leah was just what I needed. My father doesn’t—”
“The child isn’t even yours, is it?”
Gabriel ran his thumb over his lip. “Well, officially, I’d never admit that. But I have to say I have absolutely no interest in whatever’s under women’s skirts.”
 Ezekiel massaged the bridge of his nose. “And Honor. Why didn’t you marry her?”
“I thought I could get out of it somehow.” He raised his eyebrows wryly. “It never seemed quite fair to her, you know, being married to someone like me. My father, however, was most displeased. He had a talk with me recently, and would have had me married to Honor within a month. But… well, she passed before that could happen.”
“Passed? She fell off a balcony. Maybe it was an accident. Maybe it wasn’t.”
“You can’t still think that I—”
“I suppose you don’t have a motive anymore.” Ezekiel turned back to the window.
It was quiet.
Gabriel spoke up, his voice soft. “You’re disgusted by me. By the fact that I’m attracted to men.”
Ezekiel swallowed. “It’s unnatural. Anyone would find it disgusting.” But his voice wasn’t steady.
Gabriel sighed. “I had hoped that you might…” There was no smile left in his voice. “Are you going to say anything about this? I don’t really care, but it angers my father.”
Ezekiel turned back around. His gaze settled on Gabriel’s lips, then strayed to the man’s shoulders. He looked up at the ceiling.
“If you feel you must tell your family, then I suppose I can’t stop you,” Gabriel continued. “I would only say that you might consider the fact that it really doesn’t—”
Ezekiel reached out and ran his knuckles over Gabriel’s cheek.
Gabriel’s voice died in his throat. 
Ezekiel shut his eyes. He grasped the back of Gabriel’s neck, his fingers digging into the other man’s skin. His voice came out gravelly. “Why did you come here tonight?”
Gabriel blinked. “To tell you about your sister.”
“It couldn’t have waited until the morning?” He tightened his grip. He moved closer. Now there was barely an inch between their bodies.
Gabriel exhaled.
Ezekiel could feel the other man’s breath on his face. “You shouldn’t have come. I don’t… I’ve repented of my sins, and I’ve sworn to never again…” He trembling.
Gabriel’s tongue darted out and ran over his bottom lip. “To never again what?” he whispered.
Ezekiel dug his fingers deeper into Gabriel’s neck.
Gabriel winced, but he was grinning again. “Oh, Ezekiel, you’re a very bad man, aren’t you?”
“Shut up,” said Ezekiel.
Gabriel reached out and tucked his forefinger under Ezekiel’s chin. He tugged the other man’s face to his. 
Their lips met.
* * *
Gabriel rolled away from Ezekiel’s body, his head falling away from the other man’s thigh. He lay on his back, staring up at the ceiling.
Ezekiel’s head was at the other end of the bed.
Gabriel could smell the lingering scent of their mingled sweat. He liked the smell, always had. He sighed, feeling content. It was much later now, sometime in the wee hours of the morning. Ezekiel’s candle had burned down, and now it was covered in rivers of wax.
Ezekiel got up off the bed.
Gabriel watched the other man shrugged into his sleeping cloak.
“You should go,” Ezekiel said, his back to him.
Gabriel chuckled. “Ordering me around, hmm? Have you forgotten who I am?”
Ezekiel turned and shot him a nasty look. “This was a mistake. It won’t happen again.”
Gabriel propped himself up on his elbows. “Oh, of course not. I can tell that you had no idea what you were doing, and this was all new for you.”
“That’s not the point.” Ezekiel sat down heavily, drawing his hand over his face. “I’m not new to this kind of iniquity. I know its temptation. But I have sworn—”
“There’s nothing wrong with two men having a go at each other.”
Ezekiel gave him a shocked glance. “What?”
Gabriel tugged at one of the sheets on the bed, fingering it idly. “It’s perfectly natural. Men have been doing it since the dawn of time.”
“Whenever this kind of sin has been prevalent, it has destroyed society. God punishes—”
“Stop it. Why are you saying these things?”
“They’re true.”
“Do you think they’re true? The first time you touched another man’s cock, that he touched yours, did it feel wrong? Or did it feel right? Very, very right?”
Ezekiel got off the bed. “Sin feels good. That doesn’t mean it is good.”
Gabriel rolled his eyes. “I feel sorry for you. It must be horrible, all the time feeling as if you’re deeply flawed, that all the things you want are evil and wrong. No wonder you seem like you’re in a perpetually bad mood.”
Ezekiel picked up Gabriel’s breeches from the floor and hurled them at the other man. “Get out.”
Gabriel peeled the pants away from his face, laughing. “On the other hand, maybe it accounts for all that bottled up… passion.” He sucked air between his teeth. “I swear, there were things you were doing with your tongue—”
“Stop.”
Gabriel shrugged. After an orgasm, he was in a generally good mood—everything was fuzzy and nice. He didn’t want to get in a big argument. So, he began to pull on his breeches. “Listen, I was serious about wanting to help you find your sister’s body. I’ll talk to my father about it.”
“You don’t need to do anything,” said Ezekiel. “I’ll talk to the emperor myself.”
“Well, he might not see you,” said Gabriel. “On the other hand, I can usually make him listen to me, even if I do it only by making him angry.”
Ezekiel sunk both of his hands into his hair. When he did it, it made his cloak gap open and expose his nude body. 
Gabriel grinned at the view.
“You don’t understand.” Ezekiel dropped his hands. “I can’t just decide that it’s okay to be a faggot.”
Gabriel made a face. “Do we have to use that word?”
“My father—”
“My father doesn’t like it either,” said Gabriel. “But the way I figure it, he’s eventually going to die, and then I’ll be the emperor, and I’ll do what I like.”
“Well, I’m not the emperor’s son,” said Ezekiel. “And I’m not my father’s heir, either.”
“So, what does he care, then? He doesn’t need you to make sons so that you carry on the line. It really shouldn’t make any difference to him what you do.”
“It’s a horrendous sin. It’s unnatural.”
“I’ve seen dogs in the mansion mounting each other. Both male. I’m not buying this unnatural idea.”
“We’re not animals.”
Gabriel chuckled. “Aren’t we?”
Ezekiel squeezed his eyes shut. “Just go away. Please.”
“I will talk to my father.”
“I don’t need you to—”
Gabriel kissed him.
Ezekiel seized the other man and held onto him, thrusting his tongue into Gabriel’s mouth.
Gabriel liked that. Most of his bedfellows were so timid with him, probably because they were of lower class, and they were frightened of hurting him, or because they weren’t very experienced. But there was something so fierce and fiery about Ezekiel.
Ezekiel shoved Gabriel away. “Go,” he rasped.
* * *
Gabriel was waiting in his father’s study the next morning, sitting at the emperor’s desk with his feet propped up. When the door opened, he greeted his father brightly, “Good morning.”
The emperor saw him and his eyes widened. “Gabriel?” Then his face started to turn red. “What do you think you’re doing in here?”
“I want to talk to you,” said Gabriel. “You see, I spent a good portion of the day yesterday with Ezekiel of Caroly. Honor’s brother?”
“I have told you repeatedly that I don’t appreciate having my private spaces invaded. Now, you need to get out of my chair, out of my study, and out of my morning. I don’t have time for your shenanigans.”
Gabriel stayed put. “Very odd thing about Honor, though.”
The emperor crossed to the desk and threw his son’s feet down on the floor. “Out!”
Gabriel sighed. He was beginning to feel like everyone he knew was yelling at him to get out. “Listen, Father, this is important, and I really only need a few answers—”
“You’re in my chair, and I hate that.”
Gabriel got out of the chair. “Well, it’s going to be my chair at some point, isn’t it?”
“You, my boy, would make a terrible emperor. I’ve said it to you before.”
“Yes, too bad that we follow an antiquated system of male primogenitor, isn’t it? But since you’re a stickler for tradition, there’s nothing you can do. I’m the heir, and that’s that.”
The emperor settled into his chair. “I don’t want to talk to you right now, son. I’m very busy running this empire, something you wouldn’t know anything about, since you’re too busy gallivanting about and embarrassing me at every single moment.”
 Gabriel rolled his eyes again. “Seriously, Father, I only have a few questions about Honor. Now, if you could just—”
“You really are an embarrassment, you know that? Always have been. Ever since you were a boy.”
“Father—”
“You were young, but you were strange. Always strange. Never satisfied with the status quo. Always pushing. Pushing. You and your sister both, actually. You with your books and reading and those experiments you’re doing, which everyone knows are sinful and against the teaching of the holy men. And your sister, who only wants one husband, like a common girl.”
“But that’s not why I’m here,” said Gabriel. “Listen, you told Honor’s family that her body couldn’t be sent to them. Where is—”
“Do you have any idea what your sister’s gone and done?”
“I’m sure I don’t. Michal and I don’t spend a lot of time—”
“She got herself the bean in the necromancer cake. Somehow, she did it. I don’t know how, but she managed it.”
Gabriel cocked his head to one side. “Michal’s the necromancer’s intended?”
“The idiot girl practically volunteered to be eaten.”
“Well, there hasn’t been a necromancer—”
“I want to keep my children safe. I really do. I want what’s best for my empire, but I also want my children alive and healthy. I’m not a monster. But between the two of you, I can never be sure if you won’t both end up dead.” The emperor grimaced.
Gabriel furrowed his brow. “Father, surely Michal will be safe. A necromancer isn’t going to rise.”
The emperor sighed heavily. “No one thinks that, do they?”
“Listen, can we just talk about Honor for a moment?”
“Honor?” The emperor turned to him, his eyes full of confusion. “What? You’re not much of an honorable son, if that’s what you—”
“No, no, Father. Honor, the daughter of the regent of Caroly.”
The emperor nodded slowly. “Yes, the woman who would have been an appropriate wife for you if she hadn’t gotten herself killed.”
“Yes,” said Gabriel. 
“What about her? She’s dead. And you’ve gone off and married some common girl for your first wife, which is really just the most despicably terrible thing you could have ever done. Really, Gabriel. I know it might be difficult for you, since you’ve spent all your youth chasing boys instead of girls, but how could it have escaped your notice that it’s not appropriate to have a common woman as a first wife?”
Gabriel glared at his father. “I was only trying to make things better. You told me I had to get married and—”
“That wasn’t what I meant, and you know it.” The emperor was seething. “It’s barely past breakfast, and you’ve already got my blood boiling, boy. I suggest you take your leave of me. I can’t bear looking at you for one more second.”
“But you haven’t let me say anything at all,” said Gabriel. “I’ve been trying to ask you something.”
The emperor folded his arms over his chest. “Ask me what?”
“The body of Honor. No one knows where it is.”
The emperor cleared his throat and cast his gaze down at his desk. “Buried, I suppose.”
“But how?” said Gabriel. “The moratorium never received her body. We can’t find anyone in the castle who—”
“We?”
“I told you, I spent hours yesterday with Ezekiel, Honor’s brother. His father sent him here to collect Honor’s body.”
The emperor got out of his chair and went across the room to the door, which he opened meaningfully. “Tell him the body’s been buried. Now get out of my study.”
“Buried where?”
“How should I know?”
Gabriel crossed the room. He stopped in front of his father and peered into his eyes. “Did you see her body, Father?”
“Me?” The emperor pointed at himself. “You’re asking me if I buried her?”
“No, that’s not what I—”
“Get out, Gabriel. I don’t have any more patience for you this morning.” The emperor nudged Gabriel out the door.
“Father—”
The emperor slammed the door.
Gabriel tried the knob.
Locked.
He slumped against the door. Well, that hadn’t gone well, had it?
* * *
Leah, Gabriel’s wife, might have been left behind, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t be useful. 
That was the reason she’d manipulated her way into being the emperor’s wife, after all. To be useful. Now, she was in the mansion, and she thought it might be helpful to know all about its layout, about the daily activities of its inhabitants. The rest of them had left her that night, and it had devastated her, but she’d pulled herself together. When she found them again, they’d be so pleased with all the information she’d gathered.
Gabriel didn’t suspect anything. Why should he? He believed her sob story, and he had no idea who she really was.
The problem was that she couldn’t leave her quarters, and she felt as if she were little more than a prisoner. Certainly, her cage was a gilded one. She had run of an entire wing of the mansion, and it was furnished with all manner of lavish and expensive effects. She liked the soft sheets, the beautiful dresses, and the delicious food that was brought to her several times a day. 
But Gabriel was content to leave her trapped in her wing until she had given birth. He wouldn’t let her leave. And to make matters worse, he wouldn’t even come to see her. She wasn’t alone, not exactly, because she had the company of an army of servants, but she might as well have been alone. She supposed she could have grilled the servants on the activities of the nobles in the mansion. If she couldn’t investigate herself, she could at least find out by questioning. However, she knew that was a bad idea. The mansion servants were horrible gossips. 
Why if it hadn’t been for mansion servants, she might never have known about the emperor’s and Gabriel’s argument concerning his lack of a wife and his predilection for sucking cock. Leah didn’t care at all that her husband was a faggot. She knew that the holy men said such things were a sin, but they also said that the suffering of the common people was ordained by God as a test of their faithfulness. Leah had watched her own mother die of an infected wound, the formerly strong woman wasting away with fever. Throughout it all, her mother’s faith had never wavered. God is testing me, child, and I must prove myself worthy by submitting to him, her mother whispered through dry, cracked lips. Her mother had suffered. Days and days writhing in pain, her body so hot it almost burned Leah’s fingers when she put a cool cloth on the woman’s brow. She had never heard her mother scream so. Not until that day.
Well.
Leah decided right then and there that a God who did that to people was a God she couldn’t use. So whatever God thought about Gabriel’s preferences, Leah didn’t care. Besides, her heart belonged to another, so a marriage like this was easier for her to take. She didn’t have to be affectionate with Gabriel, didn’t have to share his bed. She liked it that way.
And anyway, supposing she never managed to find the others again, or to help them by gathering information about the mansion, well, it wouldn’t be a bad life for her unborn child. Her baby, heir to the emperor’s throne.
Not that Leah believed in the empire, of course. The only reason anyone else did was that they thought the emperor’s placement was ordained by God. But Leah didn’t believe that. Not anymore. No, she wasn’t even convinced that God was real. She was fairly sure that someone had made him up, long, long ago—before the Scourge even. It was easier to live if you had a God to blame things on. If things went bad, you could always say it was because God was displeased. 
Bad harvest?
God thinks you’re all sinners, said the holy men. Repent and work harder.
That way of living kept all the common people making food for the nobles, and nothing ever changed.
Of course, she’d managed to change things for herself. She should never be allowed to be the first wife of the emperor’s son, for instance, and yet here she was. Sometimes nobles married common women, but only as third wives. Still, even that would never have happened to her, because she was pregnant out of wedlock. Once her bastard-filled belly had been discovered, she would have been exiled from the community, cast out to wander and fare for herself. The only chance she and her child would have had would have been to meet up with one of those traveling gypsy bands.
Ah. Maybe it wouldn’t have been so bad after all. Maybe if she could have found the right gypsy band…
But she didn’t know where they’d gone, so it was useless thinking about it. No, what she needed to do with herself right at this moment was to improve her current situation, and that meant getting the chance to leave this wing every once and a while.
The servants had told her that Gabriel had a study in the lower levels of the mansion, and that was where he spent a lot of his time. But they said that servants were severely punished for ever disturbing him there, so they wouldn’t carry a message to him for her. And they were ordered not to let her out of the wing, so she couldn’t go herself.
She only had one window of opportunity to get out of the wing, and that was during midmorning every few days when the sheets were stripped and washed, when there was a high turnover of servants. There weren’t enough to take away her breakfast, clean up the bed linens, remake the bed, and all the other morning chores. There was a period of a few minutes when there was no one there because everyone had carried something off from her room—a teacup, a pillowcase, a coverlet.
She had to time it perfectly, or else she’d run into someone coming up the stairs in the wing with new bed linens. 
In her first attempt last week, she hadn’t been quick enough, and had barely made it halfway down the staircase.
But today, she was successful, and she found herself hurrying through the castle in search of Gabriel’s study.
By luck, however, she never had to go that far, because she ran into Gabriel in the halls. He was storming away from the emperor’s study, muttering swear words just loud enough that she could hear them.
She planted herself in his path. “We have to talk.”
His eyes widened. “I told you not to be out of the wing. I gave the servants strict orders—”
“Don’t blame them,” she said. “I snuck out. Listen, Gabriel, this is ridiculous. I’m a prisoner in that wing, and I can’t stand it.”
He sighed. “Listen, can’t we talk about this at another time? Right now, I’m very busy trying to help out Ezekiel from Caroly.”
Leah smirked. “Ah, yes. The man from yesterday. You’re ‘helping’ him are you?”
Gabriel gave her a withering look. “Not in the way you’re implying.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Really? Because the way he looked at you—”
“All right, all right.” He took her by the waist and began to lead her down the hallway. “Maybe there’s a little bit of that as well, but the truth is that I really do want to help him with his sister. And until I figure out where her body is, I simply can’t concentrate on anything else. So, how about if I promise you that the minute this little mystery is cleared up, you and I can have a nice chat—”
“No,” said Leah. “And don’t think you’re just going to walk me up the steps back into my wing. I went to a lot of trouble to find you this morning.”
He sighed. “But Ezekiel’s sister’s body is still missing.”
She pushed away from him and stopped walking.
He turned and glared at her. “Don’t be difficult, Leah.”
She narrowed her eyes. So that’s what all of this was about, then? The body of that girl? Well, Leah knew what had become of it. But she didn’t think that Gabriel would like the truth once he knew it. Still, no one in the mansion seemed to know the emperor had a hand in Honor’s death, and spilling his secrets would destabilize the empire, which could only be a good thing.
But she couldn’t just come out and tell him. He’d want to know how she knew.
And she didn’t want to be brushed off either.
She took a deep breath. “You know, actually, I overheard some of the servants talking about her body. I might have an idea what happened to her.”
“Really?” Gabriel grabbed both of her hands eagerly. “Tell me what they said.”
“Not so fast,” she said, pulling her hands back. “If I tell you, are we going to work something out about the wing?”
“What did you have in mind?”
“I want to be able to explore the mansion,” she said. “I want to meet people. I take all my meals alone,  you know.”
Gabriel sighed. “All right, well, perhaps it would be okay if you did some exploring. And I’ll talk to my sister Michal about having you included in the young noblewomen’s luncheon.”
Leah smiled. “Thank you, Gabriel.”
“Yes, yes. Of course. But about Honor? What did you hear?”
“They said there’s a chamber off of the dungeon, a secret chamber. They think the body might be there.”
“A secret chamber? What are you talking about?”
Leah shrugged. “It’s got its own staircase, and it opens up near the end of my wing. I can show you.” 
“There’s no secret staircase, Leah.”
“That’s just what I heard,” she said. “I didn’t check to see, of course. It’s down on the lower level, and you don’t like me down there. Besides, it’s locked up tight, and no one has the key but the emperor.” There, she thought. That’s the best I can do without giving myself away.






CHAPTER FOUR

“And I think she’s right,” said Gabriel, pacing in Ezekiel’s room at the inn. “I looked everywhere, talked to everyone I could think of, and I couldn’t find a key to open it. If my father does have the key, I know where he’d keep it. I think I can get it. Tonight, after he goes to sleep. I’ll sneak into his bedchamber and—”
“No.”
Gabriel turned to face Ezekiel, whose expression was stony. “I don’t think you understand. This is the best lead that we have. My father wouldn’t tell me anything this morning.”
“I don’t think you understand. I specifically told you not to do anything on my behalf, didn’t I?” Ezekiel’s voice was ice.
Gabriel chuckled. “You said things, sure. But your actions were, um, a little contradictory.”
“Well, that’s exactly why I don’t want to see you anymore. You confuse me. You distract me. I was hardly able to conduct more investigating today, because I was so consumed with guilt—”
“I was investigating. You didn’t need to. And why on earth would you be guilty?”
“You know why.”
Gabriel sighed. “What’s it going to take for you to get over this, Ezekiel? It’s really very unattractive.”
“Good. Then stay away from me.”
Gabriel stepped closer to the other man. “I don’t want to stay away from you. I’m not sure what it is about you, but I find you…” He paused, searching for a way to describe it. Nothing came to him, so he reached up and ran his fingers over Ezekiel’s upper arm.
Ezekiel seized him by the wrist, his teeth clenched. “Keep your hands off me.”
Gabriel grinned. “Sorry. I just can’t seem to help myself.”
Ezekiel took Gabriel by the shoulders and drove him backwards until his back collided with the wall. 
Gabriel’s grin widened. This was part of his fascination with this man. Ezekiel had everything bottled up, but at moments like this, he started to bubble over. Gabriel liked watching the push and pull within the man—the way his muscles tensed his forearms, the sneer of his upper lip. It made Gabriel hard.
Ezekiel’s nostrils flared. He put both arms against the wall on either side of Gabriel, trapping him. Then Ezekiel leaned close. His voice was gravelly. “When I say for you to stay away from me, I mean it.”
Gabriel eyed Ezekiel’s arms, one on either side. He arched an eyebrow. “Seems like I’m stuck.” 
Ezekiel gritted his teeth. “Stop doing that.”
“Doing what?”
“Smiling.”
Gabriel had to laugh.
Ezekiel grabbed him by the throat.
Gabriel stopped laughing. He stopped smiling. The hand at his throat wasn’t tight enough to choke him, or to hurt him, but it was plenty strong. He could feel the restraint in Ezekiel’s grasp. It turned him on even more. He licked his lips.
Ezekiel slammed his eyes shut. For a second, his grip tightened.
Gabriel couldn’t breathe. Fear shot through him, laced with elation and sex. His cock throbbed inside his breeches.
But then Ezekiel’s squeeze turned into a caress, his fingers tracing the outline of Gabriel’s throat.
Gabriel gasped.
And Ezekiel’s mouth was on his, hard and hot and demanding.
Gabriel pressed his body into the other man’s.
Ezekiel pressed back, pinning Gabriel against the wall. He moved his lips to Gabriel’s jaw.
Gabriel groaned. 
“I don’t need your help,” Ezekiel whispered against his neck. “I don’t need anything from you.”
“Right,” said Gabriel. “I can tell how much you don’t need this.” His fingers danced over the other man’s thigh to cup his erection.
Ezekiel slammed him into the wall. “Don’t touch me.” But he was breathless, his voice unsteady.
“Fine,” Gabriel murmured. But he didn’t move his hand.
* * *
Darius could ride a horse now. He could stand and speak and move. Everything had come back to him quickly, and then the nobleman had taken him on the road. The nobleman’s name was Simon. He’d told Darius that grudgingly when Darius had wondered what to call him. Simon rode ahead of Darius.
Darius was chained to his horse.
Simon said that was because Darius hadn’t been tested yet. “Can’t be sure you won’t try to eat me.”
Eat him.
Darius’s nose twitched, even now. He could smell Simon ahead of him, the horse below him. The flesh smelled divine. The horse flesh wasn’t quite as tantalizing—but it smelled like food. Simon, however… well, Simon’s flesh smelled so tempting, it was enough to drive Darius mad. 
He had been confused, but Simon had explained.
He had been bitten by revenants, but Simon had intervened. He had given Darius an ancient treatment, one no one had attempted in over fifty years. He had made Darius into a necromancer. Now, they were traveling back to the capital city of the empire, so that Darius could be tested. If he passed, Simon said Darius would never have to be in chains again.
Darius didn’t like it. He had heard stories of necromancers, of course. He remembered his mother telling them as a little boy. The necromancers could control the revenants, speak to them and keep them from harming anyone. But the necromancers were half-dead themselves—dangerous monsters that might turn on the humans at any moment.
Now he was a necromancer. It was like being a revenant, but he still had his wits about him. The revenants were dead inside. Only their bodies were animated. They functioned only on primitive instinct. Darius was alive inside a revenant body. He could think and feel and reason. But… he hungered. Oh, how he hungered.
The hunger was like nothing he’d experienced ever before. He remembered hunger as a human. The growling in his stomach, the weakness in his limbs. This wasn’t like that. This was overwhelming desire. He didn’t need the flesh to survive. He could sense that. But he wanted it. He ached for it. He smelled the scent on the air, and he salivated for it.
He wasn’t sure what he would do if he were released from the chains. Part of him thought he’d be a crazed animal. That he’d leap on Simon and tear his flesh from his bones, sink his teeth into that deliciousness.
But he also was disgusted and horrified by the thought. He didn’t want to eat the flesh of other humans. That was the most abominable thing he could conceive of. To be tempted to do something so horrific…
 No, he wouldn’t let himself. 
He wasn’t an animal. Wasn’t a revenant. Wasn’t a monster. He was still a man.
He could sense the revenants. They were close by. As they traveled, he felt the touch of their tiny, primitive minds. They were sleeping. They had lain down in swamps, in forests, and in creek beds and waited for the smell of flesh to wake them. Even before his transformation, Darius had known the revenants were capable of this. They would go dormant for long periods of time. Decades, centuries. But when a human came close, they would smell it, and they would wake.
They were always perfectly preserved. So beautiful. So dead.
Now, as Darius traveled further south, the revenants awoke as he went by. He felt them as he passed. They smelled him somehow, and they ambled to their feet. They followed him.
They weren’t visible, because Darius kept them back, but there were a lot of them. A small army of revenants, following behind him. And Darius could make them do what he wanted.
No. He wasn’t a man, after all.
He was a necromancer.
He was the monster after all. But he mustn’t give in. He mustn’t let the hunger, the temptation…
Ah, God. The way Simon smelled. Darius wanted nothing more than to taste him.
When darkness fell, he and Simon stopped to make camp. He sat near the fire while Simon warmed himself, even though Darius no longer felt the cold or the heat. He watched Simon eat, and marveled at how dead the meat smelled. It wasn’t so long ago that Darius would have been quite happy to eat it. Now, he couldn’t imagine putting it in his mouth. The thought made him want to retch.
In the distance, his army of revenants gathered. He had forced them to halt as well, and they obeyed. They were waiting.
“How many of them do you have now?” said Simon.
He turned sharply to the other man.
“You thought I didn’t know?” said Simon. “I’ve seen them behind us.”
“You are not afraid?” asked Darius.
“You’ve got them under control, don’t you?” Simon smiled.
Darius nodded. He peered up at the sky, at the stars.
“It’s good,” said Simon. “There are revenants waiting for us, waiting in the capital city. But the more we have with us the better. They’ll be useful after you have passed the test and become a full-fledged necromancer.”
Darius closed his eyes. Except for the bright points of starlight, it was the same with his eyes open or closed. “How could revenants be useful, sir?”
“Well, you’ll join your revenants with the ones waiting for us. And you’ll allow them to attack the city. Just when everyone starts to get worried, I’ll bring you forward as my necromancer. You’ll get the city back under control. And then everyone will see that I should be the next emperor and not my brother, Gabriel.”






CHAPTER FIVE

Ezekiel left Gabriel asleep in the bed at the inn. He extricated his body from the other man’s and dressed in the darkness. He was ashamed of himself, but he had to admit that this flirtation with the emperor’s son was somehow different than his other dalliances. Ezekiel had never met someone so self-possessed, so sure of himself, so unashamed. 
He stared down at the sleeping man, and he wondered what he was getting himself into. He didn’t seem to be able to fight Gabriel off, not even physically. He had tried with every fiber of his being to stop himself, but he hadn’t been successful.
There was only one thing he could do. 
Stay as far away from Gabriel as he could.
It would be better if the other man wasn’t still in his bed. After all, when Ezekiel returned, there was a chance that Gabriel would still be there, and Ezekiel didn’t want that. But he couldn’t risk waking Gabriel. It was better to let him sleep. This way, Ezekiel could find Honor’s body on his own. And once he had that, he could head back home—away from Gabriel, away from court, and away from this horrible temptation.
He wasn’t entirely sure where the key that Gabriel had spoken about might be, but Gabriel had said that it was in the emperor’s bedchamber, so that was where Ezekiel would begin to look.
Before he left the room, he took one last look at Gabriel’s body, at the man’s shoulders, his arms, the trail of hair from his chest to his belly button.
And then he left.
When he arrived at the mansion, there was only one guard on duty at the gate, and the man recognized him from the last time he’d been there. So, he was admitted to the castle without any questions asked, even though it was quite late. Servants didn’t ask questions of noblemen, though, not unless they’d been ordered to do so.
Inside the mansion, it was dark except for a few torches on the walls, which cast a faint, flickering glow over the empty rooms and hallways. Ezekiel’s footsteps seemed loud in the silence and stillness. He found himself crouching and creeping, trying to make himself as small and as quiet as he could while he made his way through the hallways.
Above him, paintings of previous emperors peered down disapprovingly. They were lit by the torches, and they seemed all the more ominous in the shadowy half light. 
Ezekiel crept past them down the long hallway, deeper into the mansion.
The next hallway he turned onto was even less well lit. The walls were a light blue color, and only every four or five torches were lit. On these walls, there were paintings of landscapes and pastorals. 
He hurried down this hallway as well, trying to be as silent as possible.
When he reached the emperor’s bedchamber, there was a guard posted outside the door. But the man was dozing over a mug of ale. He wasn’t even standing anymore. Instead, he was sprawled out by the door, his back against the wall, his head nodding forward, his hand still gripping the mug.
Gingerly, Ezekiel stepped over him.
He eased open the door to the emperor’s bedchamber.
It creaked loudly.
Ezekiel winced.
“Bartholomew?” called a voice from within the room. “Is that you?”
Ezekiel stiffened.
Beside him, the guard stirred. “Sir?” he mumbled.
Light within the emperor’s bedchamber, a candle moving. Someone was coming towards the door.
Ezekiel leapt backwards, but then he stumbled over the guard’s outstretched legs.
The guard raised his head, eyebrows furrowed.
Ezekiel shook his head at the man, putting a finger to his lips.
The guard stumbled to his feet.
“Bartholomew?” called the emperor.
The guard drew in a deep breath.
Swearing inwardly, Ezekiel grabbed the guard from behind, wrapping his arm tight around the man’s neck. “Don’t tell him I’m here,” he breathed in Bartholomew’s ear.
Bartholomew struggled.
“Tell him everything’s fine,” Ezekiel said, tightening his grip.
“Everything’s fine out here, sir,” Bartholomew said, but his tone wasn’t very convincing.
“Good,” came the emperor’s voice. “I think I’ll be going for my walk, then.”
Walk? What? It was the middle of the night. Ezekiel didn’t understand.
Bartholomew started to speak. “Sir—” 
But Ezekiel tightened his grip again, cutting off the guard’s breath. He struggled again for a moment, and then lost consciousness.
Ezekiel dropped him. The guard wouldn’t stay out for long.
Ezekiel darted inside the emperor’s room again. He wasn’t sure what he was going to do. Grab the emperor and knock him unconscious as well? Use the time that the emperor was out of it to scour the room for the keys he wanted? He didn’t know. He was acting, not thinking.
But immediately, he spied the emperor on the other side of the room, at the other door. The emperor’s back was turned, and a ring of keys glittered in his left hand.
Ezekiel watched from the shadows.
The emperor opened the door on the other side of the room. He disappeared through it.
Ezekiel darted across the room after the emperor. Carefully, he opened the door and peered outside.
The emperor was walking down the hallway with a candle, humming to himself.
Ezekiel slid through the door and closed it carefully. Keeping his distance, he followed the emperor.
The emperor was wearing a sleeping gown, and his feet were bare. He seemed perfectly at home wandering through the hallways.
This was odd, of course, but maybe it was only the affectation of an old man. Maybe he simply liked to take walks at night. But he did have those keys, and he could only have taken them with him if he meant to unlock something. Could it be the door that Gabriel had told him about?
They were heading in the proper direction, going towards the wing where Ezekiel had met Leah the day before.
What else had Gabriel told him about this place? Not much. It was a secret room off the dungeon, and the servants thought that Honor’s body might be there.
It made no sense. If Gabriel hadn’t distracted him so thoroughly, maybe he would have asked more questions. Why would the emperor have a key to a secret room off the dungeon? Why would he keep Honor’s body there? What was the emperor doing with Honor’s body, anyway?
No, it was ridiculous. There was probably no good reason to follow the emperor at all. What would probably happen was that someone would notice him skulking about like this. He’d be questioned, and his answers would sound idiotic. His father would be notified, and any chance he had of making things right with his father would be ruined.
Ezekiel considered stopping.
But he’d come this far already. Besides, he was curious as to where the emperor was going. If he really was going to this secret underground room, Ezekiel wanted to know why. And he was desperate to find out if it had something to do with Honor.
He stared intently at the emperor’s back, never taking his eyes off the man unless he turned a corner. And then Ezekiel got around the corner too and got a good look at the emperor again. 
He was paying such close attention to the emperor that he didn’t see a table jutting out of the wall—directly in his way.
Just in time, he caught sight of it out of the corner of his eye, and he course-corrected so that he wouldn’t collide with it.
And he didn’t run straight into it.
But he didn’t quite have enough time to avoid it entirely. His lower leg brushed the corner.
The table wobbled, and the brass decorations on top clattered against each other.
Ezekiel flinched.
The emperor halted.
Ezekiel sucked in a breath.
The emperor turned slowly.
Ezekiel flattened himself against the wall behind the table, fading back into the shadows.
The emperor’s gaze swept over the table and over the place where Ezekiel was standing. Then they swept back.
Ezekiel’s heart thudded in his chest. He was sure that the emperor could see him. The man was looking right at him.
But the emperor only shrugged and turned back around. He continued walking, humming to himself.
Ezekiel let out a slow sigh of relief and continued his pursuit.
The emperor turned down another hallway.
Ezekiel went after him, keeping his distance, though. After that little incident, he felt it was wise to stay as far back as possible.
A few steps into the hallway, and Ezekiel realized that he was definitely back in Leah’s wing. There were the steps she’d hurried down to intercept Gabriel.
Was the emperor going to that room?
The emperor stopped walking and crossed to a door. He was still humming. He went through the keys  until he found the one he wanted. Fitting it to the key, he swung the door open.
Ezekiel’s eyes widened. In the light of the emperor’s candle, he could see that the door opened onto a stairway. Leah had been right. There was a locked staircase here.
The emperor went through the door and began descending the steps.
Ezekiel had to hurry to catch the door before it closed. For all he knew, it would lock behind the emperor. He squeezed through the door and let it shut behind him.
Now he was in a dark narrow stairwell. It curved round in a spiral, so Ezekiel couldn’t see the emperor ahead of him. But he could see the light of the emperor’s candle, hear the sound of the man humming.
Ezekiel started down the steps. It smelled musty in here, wet. There was a faint scent of salt and fish and seaweed. Did this room open onto the sea, or was it simply like the dungeon itself, with the water sloshing up through the floor at high tide?
The emperor stopped humming.
Ezekiel almost stopped moving, afraid that the old man knew he was being followed.
But then the emperor began to speak. He was muttering to himself, and it was too indistinct to make out.
Ezekiel hurried down the steps more quickly, trying to get closer. As he drew nearer to the light of the candle, he began to be able to hear what the emperor was saying.
 “…don’t know what’s keeping that boy. He should have been here by now. How long does it take to make a necromancer, anyway? Why, I can’t keep so many down here in the mansion, or we’ll have more accidents.”
Ezekiel had no idea what the old man was talking about.
“Really,” the emperor was saying, “my children are all colossal disappointments. Must make sure it’s safe here, though. Must make sure the bars are holding up.”
And then, abruptly, the steps stopped.
Ezekiel could see the emperor ahead of him, ambling into the room and holding up the candle. He knew that he should back up, out of sight. If the emperor turned, he’d be able to see Ezekiel.
But then Ezekiel saw the rest of the room.
He wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting. Nothing, he supposed, because he thought it ridiculous that Honor’s body would be here. But deep in his mind, he’d pictured stacks of bodies, all piled up on each other, hoarded here for the emperor for some inscrutable reason.
That wasn’t at all what he saw. Instead, there were bars—iron bars, thick and strong, barnacles clinging to them. But that wasn’t so surprising. After all, this was on the same level as the dungeon.
There was something moving behind the bars. A lot of somethings. He could see them milling about in there, and he could see limbs and arms. They were people.
But no, their skin…
One moved close to the bars, and he saw porcelain white skin, so unmarred, so young. And then the face, sweet and beautiful—sculpted features of a child, skin translucent and elastic. But pale. Finally, the eyes. The eyes were always the worst. Ezekiel hated looking into their eyes, because their eyes were empty and dead. It was the most dreadful part because it didn’t fit. Otherwise, they seemed very alive—the picture of youth. But those eyes. Those eyes were the eyes of people long, long dead.
They were revenants in the cage. 
The emperor was keeping revenants in the bottom of the mansion. And he’d said something about an accident.
Well, keeping revenants so close was an accident waiting to happen. It was dangerous, and it was against the law. Revenants inside the fences had to be killed immediately. These revenants shouldn’t be here. Why was the emperor—?
But he never finished the thought, because he saw something else. Something that made him weak all over, made his bowels clench in horror, made it impossible to breathe.
He recognized one of the revenants.
And it was Honor.
Find links for the next installment, “Dark Fervor,” here.

Or, if you’re hooked, go ahead and buy the entire novel. Links here.

To be notified of my new releases, join my email list at
vjchambers.com

Hey you!
Yes… YOU!!
Your opinion matters.
In this new and exciting world of indie books, other readers rely on reviews from people like you to make informed purchases of books. Please consider returning to the site where you got this book and leaving a review to let others know what you thought.

More fiction by V. J. Chambers on Smashwords!
(follow the link and scroll down for a complete list of titles.)
