Apocalyptic Shorts

Victor Darksaber

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2014 Victor Darksaber



Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents

Entrance
Silas Cage
DreadLine





ENTRANCE


Prologue


In the last thirty years, prophecies of doomsday have become rampant, people claiming to be prophets, scientists, time-travelers from the future, all giving prophecies about the end of our world. But of all these prophecies, only one turned out to be exact and accurate, and that was the one prophecy that was ignored.
Twelve years ago, Dr. Phil Lucas, a weather scientist at the University of New York published his findings on the activities of our planet’s core, claiming that the core of earth has become increasingly unstable, and that in twelve years or less, there may no longer be a place for us here. He wrote of how the planet will explode from inside out, how everything on the surface will be swallowed into molten lava, he warned, he really warned, but no one took him seriously. At a time, some renowned scientists discovered something very similar to Dr. Phil’s theory, and for that time, some references were made to his findings, but it was eventually concluded that the entire theory, even theirs was based on a wrong equation.
Twelve years later, it turned out that equation wasn’t wrong after all. But by the time this was discovered, it was already too late. A week prior the 14th of March, 2014, volcanos all over the world began to erupt without warning. Well, there were warnings, but it all happened so fast, and there wasn’t enough time to do anything about it. After the eruptions which lasted two days, several thousand lives were lost and the planet engulfed in cloud of ash. 
It was thought that the nightmare had come to an end, but as it turned out, they were wrong. On the 14th of March, year 2014, an earthquake of great magnitude like never seen before began, entire countries swallowed into the ground. It lasted an hour, and that one hour, was humanity’s darkest hour. Hours after the earthquake had stopped, over 800 million casualties were recorded worldwide, over 100 million injured and over 400 million are unaccounted for.
A few days after the planet-killer earthquake, people had hoped that it was over, but they know better now, they know that whatever it is they’ve seen, it’s only just the beginning. It became clear that the foretold apocalypse is upon us, and there is no better way to spend the little time left than with beloved ones.




Entrance


My name is Benjamin Stewart, a college student here in New York, or at least I was, until two months ago, when the apocalypse began, and then we learnt it’s not going to stop, and that there’s no escaping it. If we’d seen the signs long before it started, I’m sure the world governments would have figured something out, like evacuating the planet on gigantic spaceships. But the signs were there, we just weren’t smart enough to see it.
Yesterday, I read in the news about one Dr. Phil in L.A who predicted this doom some years back, but no one believed him. We were caught unprepared, and there was no time to prepare for the great escape, not even sure if our science can achieve such feat just yet.
It started with all the planet's volcanos erupting at the same time, then the earthquake, the sky filled with ash, several millions perished, but I survived, and it’s not because I was smart, it’s that I was lucky.
I’ve waited two months for the ash to clear out, and thanks to favorable weather, I can go¬–home now. Home–actually, for me, is wherever I find myself. I was the only child of my family, and my parents died of failed hearts three weeks apart, seven years ago. All I’ve got is my uncle, who I despise so much because of all the bad things he’s done to me. And honestly, I’d rather die alone in my hostel apartment than with him. 
To my surprise, he called three days ago, he was sober. He said he was sick, and he’s got less than two years, but that don’t matter anymore, we’ve all got less than two years, and he wants to spend the little time he’s got left making up for the things he’s done. I never thought I could be sorry for him.
Point is, I’m heading back to Glendale, L.A, my hometown, to spend the end with my uncle. I may hate him, but he’s the closest thing I have to a family now.
I’ve been on this queue four hours, in this overcrowded airport. Everyone is trying to make it back to their families. The airport’s operation is slightly different now; it must have been adjusted to suit the current traffic situation. While I wait on the queue, tapping my thigh and stomping my feet rhythmically, I hear my name from the speaker. I look up and see my picture and my name on the big screen, I sigh and shoulder my backpack. I hurry and join a group of people moving towards one of the planes, as directed by the men in uniform.
Entering the plane, I move through the aisle to the back, where there are only three empty seats. I pick the spot most convenient, lock my backpack in the overhead bin and crash into the seat under it. It’s a lot of relief for me, considering that I’ve been standing on a queue for over four hours.
Right now in here is the first peaceful moment I’ve had in two months. I remember the life I had before the chaos, my friends, my girlfriend. When the earthquake first hit, I was in class with my girlfriend. I watched my art teacher Mrs. Bells get crushed by a building block right in front of the class. That day, we met with Harry, my best friend, and we were going to escape in his minivan when I saw Amy, also my friend, running towards us, screaming my name. We stopped for her, then she twisted her ankle. I had sprung out of the car to help her when the ground cracked open beneath the car and a pillar collapsed on top of them, crushing them into the ground, my girlfriend, my best friend and some random people we let in,  just like that, they were gone and I was lucky.
Lost in abstraction, my eyes are focused on the small screen on the back of the seat in front of me, but I’m not watching whatever the screen is showing. Something on the screen gets my attention, but by the time I’m ready to focus, the headline is gone. I’m not sure what I read, but I think I saw something about some strange energy behavior around the globe. I hear a female voice singing softly beside me, I look and there right next to me is a very pretty girl, about my age, blond, green eyes, smooth skin, and I find it hard to believe I didn’t notice her when I came in.
“Hey,” I say, moving my mouth closer to her ear. She has a headphone on, and probably can’t hear me, or she’s just pretending not to. 
As usual, a flight attendant begins to speak through a speaker, but I don’t pay attention.
The plane takes off, and I begin to feel dizzy. It’s my thing, I do it every time I’m in a moving vehicle, it’s my easiest remedy against motion sickness. I take a moment to look around, and then I glance at the girl beside me. I wish she doesn’t have a headphone on, so we can talk, but, it’s obvious she don’t want to be disturbed. 
I relax comfortably in the chair and close my eyes.
I hear a very loud explosion, as if a gun was shot right beside my ears. I snap out of my sleep, panting, my face covered in sweat. For a moment, all I can hear is a very loud and intense ringing in my head. I close my eyes and try to calm myself. The small screen for my seat is off. I shake my head, trying to get my brain and ears working. I turn to the girl beside me, her headphone is now around her neck, and she looks really worried, she’s looking at me. I look around, and everyone is worried, some getting out of their seats to see something out the window. I open my mouth and breathe through it, trying to slow down my heartbeat, and then I hear the sound. It’s as if we’re flying through an asteroid storm, but we’re not in space, and of all the times I’ve been on a plane, I’ve never experienced a turbulence as intense as this, loud and deafening. I turn to the girl, she’s scared to bone and she’s almost crying.
I look past her out the window and see something strange and unclear. I get off my seat and move closer to the window, what I see is still strange, but clearer. If this is cloud, then I’ve never seen this kind before. Bands of bright green and bright blue and bright many colors, all spinning forcibly on to one another in every direction, and they’re spinning so fast and spinning around the plane. The window cracks, I jerk back, falling, I grab on to the headrest of a seat. From where I am now, the picture outside the window becomes clearer and familiar. I squint and realize that it looks like something from physics, like some kind of visible energy flow. I fall back into my seat and buckle the seatbelt. The turbulence is getting worse, and the plane is vibrating aggressively. The girl buckles her seatbelt too.
“What is it?” she asks. “What’s out there?”
“I don’t know, it’s very strange,” I reply.
The plane suddenly goes sideways and then upside down. Those who didn’t wear their seatbelts begin to fall about as the plane spins with the flow of energy around it. People are screaming, crying, getting tossed about, and trying to hang on to something. 
The plane stops spinning. I look out the window and it is bright white, and some shades of light brown, I can tell this is cloud, and whatever that spinning thing was, it’s gone.  But the plane is upside down, and we’re losing altitude fast. I realize the plane had lost power when I woke from my sleep. I take a really deep breath, I’m sure the pilots are doing their best to restore power right now.
Knowing that I’m falling out of the sky and that there’s nothing I can do about it, I press my back tightly against the chair, bracing myself the best possible way, getting ready for the impact.
“We’re gonna die,” the girl yells, crying.
I nod. “Yes we will.”
She grabs my hand really tight, looking straight into my eyes. I can see it, she’s afraid of dying, but she can’t do anything about it, no one but the pilots can. I close my eyes as the plane goes down, shutting out the noises and everything else, but the girl’s grip, and I wait for the impact.
I hear a very brief explosion from all around, and then, everything goes black.
I open my eyes, I’m still strapped on to the chair, and the seatbelt is all that’s holding me. I try to move my head, but it feels so heavy and painful. I look down, there is a sharp object directly below me and it’ll kill me if I fall off from the chair. I realize I’m staring at the bare ground, sand, and the sharp object is a stone. The plane is torn apart, and I survived. I hear a groan and look, it’s the girl, and she survived too. I check my body, and aside from the heavy headache, I think I’m fine.
“Hey,” I grunt.
“Hey,” she says.
I wait a moment till the headache subsides. I unbuckle the seatbelt and grab on to the chair before I could fall. I grunt. I find the ground with my left foot, not looking down. I let go of the chair, help the girl out of her chair and carry her to the ground.
“Are you alright?”
She nods, checking herself, and then she nods again. “I’m okay.”
“We’re lucky,” I say.
“Indeed, we are,” she says. There are five dead bodies on the ground beside us.  She sees the bodies and starts to panic.
“Look away,” I say. She takes my hand and stays very close to me.
We find our way out of the rubble and the corpses. I look around for the other part of the plane, but it’s out of sight. I hear a cough, a man emerges from the other side of the plane. He’s about my height and he looks fifty. He puts a cracked pair of glasses on and his right hand is clung to the left side of his torso.
“Are you alright sir?” I ask.
“I’m alright,” he grunts. He moves out of the hot rubble and stands beside me, examining the parts of the plane.
“This is weird,” he says.
“What?” I ask.
“The plane was fried before we hit the ground.”
“Yeah, that’s weird.” I look up and around, it’s pretty hot around here, and soon, I’ll be dying to get some water.
“Do you think others survived?” the girl asks.
“We can’t know for sure. We have to find the other part of the plane, and then we’ll know,” says the man. “By the way, I’m Adam, Adam Wilson,”
“I’m Ben.”
“Paige.”
Together, we use the crater to calculate the direction from which we fell, and then proceed in that direction. It’s not long before we find another part of the plane, the middle, with a wing. There is no survivor around, and we don’t see any footstep, which means no one in this part of the plane survived the crash. We searched the scattered bags and find two bottles of water. We decide we’re not drinking until we’re really thirsty. I carry the bottles of water in a small bag and we proceed to find another part of the plane.
Not very long after, we find the last part of the plane, the head part, and there are nine people sitting near it. “More survivors,” Paige says.
Two of them are injured, and the rest only have minor bruises like me. We search the wreckage, but they already picked out the useful things. Among the survivors is one of the pilots.
Adam walks to the pilot. “Hey, what happened?”
The pilot looks confused and uncertain. “I don’t know. It all happened suddenly.”
“What happened suddenly?”
“We lost power and all communications as soon as the turbulence started. It’s all unclear what happened,” he says, trying to get his mind together. “First, we saw something,” he pauses, looking at our faces.
“What did you see?” I ask, curiously.
“Before the turbulence, a massive object flew to the front of the plane. Seconds after, we lost all automated control, and the plane started piloting itself, trying to turn around. The manual control was created to override automated control just in case something goes wrong, so we regained control after switching to manual. The unidentified object disappeared in a blink and we proceeded like we didn’t see anything.”
“What kind of object was it?” Adam asks, narrowing his eyes.
“It’s big, round, the captain said it was E.T.” he looks away, trying not to look stupid, but his look betrays him. He knows what he saw, he’s just afraid to admit it. “After the object disappeared, a strange cloud appeared right in front of us, and we were too close to go around it. We flew right into it and just like that, we lost all power and our communication chips got fried, then the turbulence. I saw colors, moving everywhere. The captain said it’s some kind of energy.” 
I move away from everyone, looking around. We’re on a desert, no grass, no trees, and this place appears to be completely unaffected by the recent disasters. The cloud looks dry and void of the few trails of ashes that are still visible in the sky before we left the airport. But the sun, it’s exactly where it should be.
“This is weird,” I say. Everyone turn their attentions to me. “We’re supposed to be between New York and LA, and I don’t think there’s any desert this arid in this region. I don’t think we’re in America anymore.”
“He may be right,” the pilot mumbles. “I watched the terrain as we came down, there’s no desert such as this in the region we’re supposed to have landed.”
“Plus the cloud is ashless, and this place is not affected by the recent disasters.” I add.
“If we’re not in America, then where are we?” Paige asks.
I remember having a phone in my pocket, I bring it out, but it’s fried. Everyone checks their pockets, and every device found is fried.
“EMP,” Adam says. “In the plane, it was on the news, something about some strange energy readings in the sky.”
“Yeah, think I saw it too.” I say.
“I think we flew into one,” Adam says, scratching his brow and looking down. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m not certain of anything, but I think we were teleported to this place.”
“Teleported?” a man says from behind, he’s fat, short and hairy. “Are you crazy? There’s no such thing as teleport.”
I ignore the man at once and turn to Adam. “It’s the only thing that makes sense right now. If we were teleported to this place, then where could this place be?”
“Cut the crap!” the man blurts. “You guys are nut jobs.”
“Hey, you need to shut up,” I glare at the man, he gasps and turns away, nodding his head.
“We could be in Africa,” Adam says.
“Africa? That’s a long way from home.”
“Africa is the most likely place to have deserts with this kind of conditions.”
I look up, directly at the sun, there’s something we’re missing. The sun is exactly where it should be at this time of the year. Viewing from Africa, it should be on a different angle entirely. Adam is looking up too. 
“This is strange,” he says.
“The sun?” he nods. “I know.”
“Hey,” Paige calls, “there’s a mountain up ahead, maybe if we could get on top of it, we’ll see how far we need to go to get off this desert.”
“She’s right,” a voice says from behind. We shift attention towards the voice; it’s a boy about my age, slightly taller and bulky. “Hi, I’m Tyler. I think she’s right.”
“Sure, she is,” Adam says. “But how do we get on top of that mountain?”
“I’ll climb,” I say. “I’ve climbed higher mountains.”
“Why isn’t anyone talking about a rescue party probably on their way to rescue us?” A woman says. She’s about sixty years old, fat, short and dark skinned. How she survived the crash, I can’t explain.
“I’m not saying no one is coming, but we know how things are now. There are more things to worry about than a group of people stranded on a desert.” Adam says. “So what I’m saying ma’am, is that I don’t think there will be a rescue party, and I believe we all owe it to our families to make it home to them.”
Me, Adam, Paige and Tyler we move toward the mountain and everyone follows. The mountain is nearly two thousand feet to the summit. Tyler volunteers to climb with me. We begin to climb. At about a thousand feet or more, all we can see is more sand. We continue till we reach the top. We look in every direction, and all that can be seen from up here is still dry desert, extending thousands of miles out, almost like it’s infinite. No trees, just sand hills and rocks. 
The sun is setting. We begin to climb down. At about seven hundred feet to the ground, I notice a movement on the rock right above me, but I don’t see anything. I proceed down. I hear hisses, I look up and right above my face is a very strange creature about six feet long and three times my size. It bears great resemblance with a centipede, but the segments of its body is metallic, and it has two glowing red eyes, staring down at me with a pair of thick forewings and a straight sharp pin extending out from the mouth part.  Deep chills run down my spine. For a moment, I hold my breath and stay as stiff as possible, staring back at it. Tyler obviously hasn’t climbed a mountain before, so there is a wide gap between us. Suddenly, I hear him scream like a baby, and I can’t help but look towards him. The bug charges at me, knocking me off the rock. I begin to fall freely. As I fall, I look down and see a sharp boulder, and I know I’m going to fall on it unless I do something. I spread out all four limbs, trying to slow down my fall. Getting to the sharp rock, I grab my wrist with the other hand, making a ring with my hands. I grab the point of the rock and quickly pull myself up, so the force doesn’t remove my arms from my shoulder, but the brief pain is still excruciating. I groan very loudly, but the air sends my voice back at me. I pause for a moment to catch my breath and let the pain fade. I look down and I’m a lot closer to ground. I look up and I don’t see Tyler, I proceed down. 
Whatever those things are, they’re not friendly. I soon begin to see the people on ground, waiting for us. Suddenly, Tyler’s scream fills the air, but this time, the scream is escalating very rapidly. Oh my god! Tyler is falling! I keep my eyes up, trying to see if there’s anything I can do for him. I watch as he falls past me, screaming for help, blood all over his face and hand. He hits the ground on his back and bounces to his face. 
I close my eyes tight, holding back tears. I continue to climb down. In forty minutes, I reach the ground. My hands are covered in my blood, and they’re shaking, and so are my legs, and my skin hurts real bad. Paige, Adam and a woman run to me and help me up as I collapse to the sand. Paige pours water on me and gives me some to drink. She and Adam help me sit and relax on a rock.
“What happened up there?” Adam asks.
I look up into the sky, the stars are coming out. “I don’t get it,”
“You don’t get what?” Paige says.
“The constellation, it’s the same.” Everyone turn their gazes to the sky. “The position of the stars, it says we’re in America. But up there, all I see is dryness extending to infinity all around. If there’s a way away from this desert, I’m afraid we’ll never find it, ¬I’m afraid we won’t survive long enough to find it.”
“What are you talking about?” the fat man asks.
“There’s something on the rock, some kind of bug, three times my size, that’s what I’m talking about, and I have a feeling that’s not all there is here, wherever here is.” I look towards Tyler’s corpse; he’s covered in thick dust.
I remain on the ground for about an hour, Paige beside me, my hands in her hands, she’s taking care of me. I get up and walk away from them, staring continuously into the sky as it gets darker. Teleported. What if we’re no longer on earth, then the constellation wouldn’t be the same. There’s definitely something I’m missing here. I think.
I turn back to Paige. “Strange energy, strange behavior, teleportation, what else?”
“What else what?” she says.
“Multidimensional existence,”
Adam smirks and joins me and Paige. “Boy, that’s deep, way deep.”
“Look at it all, the constellation, it’s the same. The only thing that’s different is here, down here, no earthquake, no ash cloud, just sands and sands and rocks.”
“What’s that?” the fat man says. “Is anyone hearing this or I’m actually going crazy?”
Adam shakes his head continuously for a few seconds, I can tell he doesn’t agree very much with me on this. “I believe in aliens, I believe in science generally, I even believe the stories of the Anunnakis, but multidimensional existence? I don’t know.”
I squint at the ground for a minute. I turn to the pilot. “Sir, how far did we travel before the crash?”
“About a thousand two-forty miles or less, somewhere over Denver.”
I turn back to Adam. “We’re probably somewhere in Denver right now, but we’re not actually there, because we’re here, a parallel plane.”
“Or maybe we’re dead, and this is afterlife,” someone says.
“Afterlife? Afterlife don’t have dead bodies lying around,” the fat man says.
Adam looks into the sky, he’s observing the constellation. His looks slowly changes. I look up and finally, it all makes sense. High up in the sky is a bright green light, glowing in the dark sky and pulsing and constantly changing shape. That has to be it, I think, how we got here.
“Oh my god,” Adam says, smiling, “it could be a portal, you could be right.”
“Come on,” the fat man snorts. “There’s a bright light in the night sky, so that makes it a portal? Portal to where? Mars? My mom’s backyard?”
Adam steps closer to me. “If that’s really how we got here, how do we get up there?”
“We can’t,” I say. “The news said there are several of these things opening around. What we need to do is find one on the ground, and then we’ll figure what to do next.”
I look up and see more of the portals appearing as it get darker, light scattered across the sky. “It’s bright, which means we need darkness to see it.”
Paige clears her throat. “If we could find a moderately high hill–” 
“That’s a good idea,” Adam interrupts, he’s intrigued by the lights.
We scan around till we find a hill with a moderate height that can give a view of up to 30 miles out. I climb, everyone follows. On the top of the hill, to my right, very close to the ground are several lights, like the ones in the sky, scattered across my point of view. Together, we move towards the lights.
By now, we have run out of water, and we’re thirsty. The weather is getting cold, and that helps slow down dehydration, but it’s getting too cold, and my hands are beginning to shiver. Paige takes off her thick jacket and wears it on me. I look at her, she smiles. “Thank you,” I say and smile back.
“You know we can’t just walk through the portal,” Adam mutters.
“I know, we’ll figure something out,” I mutter back.
After a long walk, we see one of the portals in distance. This one is smaller, and pulsing a lot less aggressively than the one we saw in the sky, it’s about ten feet in diameter. Its light shines several meters out, plus the stars and the moon are bright too. 
“So, you think this is our ride back home?” the fat man says, glaring at me.
“I don’t know, I don’t know if this thing will take us back to the dimension we came from, or another dimension, but it’s worth trying.”
“Is it?” the old woman asks. “Let’s say you’re right, and we’re in another dimension, and this dimension is not dying like ours is, why would we want to go back to a dying world? What if sweet Jesus sent us here so we can survive what’s coming? Why would I want to go back?”
“Because the desert covers several miles out, and I’m sure none of us can survive that stretch without food and water.” I say.
Everyone begins to voice their opinions and in seconds, it becomes a lousy mass debate. I remove myself from their mid and move close to the portal, standing right in front of it. It feels warm and smells like burning plastic, it’s beating with a low humming sound. I hold out my index finger and slowly drive it towards the portal. Suddenly, I hear something other than the chorusing voices, I look around warily, but I see nothing. What I heard, it sounded like a hiss, like the one I heard on the rock. I look around, my eyes wide open, but still, I don’t see anything. I turn back to the portal and then, I hear a scream. I look towards the others, they are being attacked by many of the bugs. Four people are on the ground, getting eaten by the centipede-like bugs. “Shit!”
I look around for Paige, she’s being chased by two bugs. Something hits me from behind, I hit the ground, air knocked out of me. I quickly turn on my back and see a bug is coming down on me, I roll away fast, and I get up and run. The bug is so fast that it catches up in no time and throws itself at me again. I hit the ground and roll immediately. The bug lands beside me and spins itself at me like a twisting missile. I punch it, but its body is hard. I pick a stone and hit it to its head. Like a cheese, the head breaks open, and jelly green blood slowly comes out of it. The bug makes a grumpy sound and stops, and I know it is dead. I lift the stone and go after Paige. One of the bugs has caught up on her. I run as fast as I can, I hit the stone at the second bug and then the one on Paige. I push them off her and help her up.
“Are you alright?” she nods. “They look metal, but they’re not.”
“There’s too many of them,” Paige says. “What do we do?”
Everyone is scattered, and most have been killed by the bugs. Adam is fighting off about four bugs, he won’t make it. I watch them cover him till I don’t see him anymore. I hear more hisses. I turn round and see more bugs coming towards us.
“The portal,” I yell and grab Paige’s hand, and we run for the portal. The bugs split to two groups, trying to double up on us before we get to the portal. The ones that attacked first are done with the corpses, and are now coming after us too, and they are closer.
“We’re not gonna make it,” Paige yells.
“We will,” I assure her.
We’re now much closer to the portal, but the bugs are a lot closer too. Paige is slowing down. I hold her hand tighter and pull her along. The leading bug jumps to my front, I immediately dash over it, sliding on its back, I land behind it, grab a stone and go after it as it covers Paige. I ram the stone to its head and without waiting for it to bleed, I yank Paige up and we run. The bugs are a lot closer now, and we’ve almost reached the portal.
“The portal,” Paige yells, “it’ll kill us.”
“They will too, we have to try.”
The bugs see that we’ll get to the portal before they can catch up to us, so they begin to missile themselves at us, exploding purple gas as they hit the ground. In seconds, there’s purple smoke everywhere, but the portal is so bright and we can still see it. We continue to dodge their missiles. I begin to find it hard to breath, Paige begins to cough. The purple gas is thick and heavy, and lethal, but we don’t stop. We get to the portal and dive into it, not knowing where it’ll take us, or if it’ll kill us or if the bugs will follow. 
The inside of the portal is so bright I have to close my eyes. I feel myself spinning, but not too fast. After a while, the spinning stops and I hit the ground. I hear something else hit the ground not far from me. I open my eyes and blurrily see Paige trying to get up. My head feels really heavy, and I can taste my blood. I get on my knees and feel the asphalt beneath my palms. Everything is still very blurred and my head is ringing very loudly. I turn and see some men in white plastic protective suits running towards me. They put me on a stretcher. I manage to look and see Paige also on a stretcher, being carried away. She looks back at me and smiles, I smile back. 
The ringing slowly fades, and I hear things a little clearer. I hear a voice saying that it’s been confirmed that Paige was on the plane, but I haven’t been identified yet.
We made it, we made it back. I didn’t think I would, but I did. The lights are truly entrances from our world to another. I’d say the say the portals are natural, but I don’t believe in coincidence. This new plane of existence that we have discovered, I know it’ll be our paradise, our new home, our great escape.
I close my eyes as my last strength leaves me. I know I may not survive this, and even if I do, I may never be whole again. But knowing that there is a way out of the annihilation ahead of humanity gives me peace beyond reason. I swallow deeply, my tongue feels stiffly cold, my feet too. I smile and slowly, everything turns to black.

###.





SILAS CAGE


Silas Cage


I’m a stranger, I’m lost, but I will find my way back home.
Three years four months one week five days ago, I found myself on this planet, Earth. I was a soldier, the hell I still am. But for the past three and half years, all I have been is human, hiding in shadow, watching and waiting for that time when my opportunity will come to get off this planet and find my way back to my home world.
My name is Cyders Kaige, I am from planet Arbitrus, a world several hundred thousands light-years away from this star system. Arbitrus, one of the hundred and sixteen worlds orbiting a super-giant star we called Sabenak, meaning ‘The mother of worlds’. On Arbitrus, I was a soldier, one of the best there is, and I had a woman that I loved so much, her name was Hanther, Hanther Sunhide. I was a warrior soldier, a legend. My unique skills made me an object of destruction for the powers that govern the planet, we call them The Governors––although The Governors are not the direct leaders of Arbitrus, they represent The Elders, a group of mysterious powerful beings we know absolutely nothing about. 
The Governors would assign me to secret missions no one else could do. Some of these missions made me question their judgments as our leaders, but only in my head. Even though I knew they had become corrupt, and they're using me to clean up their messes, I continued to work for them. Not for the money, even though the money was good, nor was it for the position, but for the fun, the rush, the feeling; it was paradise. 
To all arbitrons, I’m a hero, a legend. Soldiers want to be me. But who I am to myself, is a beast, an animal, someone who has lost the will to be good because he found comfort in evil. I knew there will be a day when I'll give it all up, all of the secrets, the fame, the fun, for an ordinary life, one in which I will have a wife and children. It is what it always comes to for everyone no matter who you are, and I never thought mine would be different.
When arbitrons complete their years of civic duty, especially those exposed to classified information during their years in service, they go through a process called ‘redemption’, where they have their brains wiped of all the classified information, and their experiences left intact. The same was supposed to be my fate. But for reasons I don't know, they decided I needed to die, so they assigned to me a mission, which unknowingly to me, was meant to be my last. The mission was to find and terminate a rogue arbitron selling Arbitrus’s classified information on Venus. I was about to enter Venus’s orbit when I got hit by an asteroid storm my scanners didn’t see coming. As if that wasn’t bad enough, the ship lost all its power. As I ran about, trying everything I could to restore the ship’s power, I found a tube full of vetagems––the most precious gem in the universe, hidden in the wall of my ship, and then I realized that part of the mission objective was for me to die.
I tried everything I could to restore the ship's power, but there wasn't enough time. I was hit by a ship-killer sized rock that was meant to conclude everything. I went black and thought I was dead, but I woke up, and when I did, it was here on Earth.
I was badly injured, and my bio-suit severely damaged. The bio-suit is capable of repairing its wearer, no matter how severe the damage may be, unless the wearer is dead. But the suit was damaged too, and it had to repair itself before it can fix me, and seeing how damaged it was, its repair would take two days to complete and I wouldn’t last that long. I thought I was going to die. I wondered how I survived the impacts, but I was glad I did. My ship was destroyed beyond repair, and there was no means of sending a distress signal home, and no means of getting off this world. I searched for the tube, but it was gone and there were footprints which indicated that someone on this planet came for the tube. I thought about Hanther, and I realized that I have to survive, because I’m going to see her again, and nothing will stand in my way. 
The tube was taken, and I have to find whoever it was meant for on this world. And to do that, I became one of them, I became human, so I adopted the human name Silas Cage.
Humans and arbitrons share very similar physical characteristics as do most civilized beings in the universe. For three and half years I’ve lived among them as one of them, and nobody suspected a thing. 
In the course of the three years, I found the guy that took the tube from my crash site, but it turned out he was nobody, just a random guy paid for a pick up. I followed up on the lead and found the man he gave the tube to and the man the man gave it to and so on, and it continued, the tube passed through thirty-five random people, and none of them meant anything. I was tempted to give up, but I didn’t. Even if I wanted to, I couldn’t. I have to see Hanther again, I have to see Arbitrus again.  
I tracked from one pick up guy to another until I found a clue that led me to a name that has been on the CIA's most wanted list for quite some time, Rainbird.
According to the CIA, Rainbird is the leader of a rising terrorist group in America. I did my own digging on Rainbird and discovered the identity behind the name. Rainbird is a girl, and her name is Amy Whitefield, the richest person on the planet, and the muscle behind several off-earth missions that have launched recently. Funny how the humans can be so easily deceived. Whatever deal she is running with The Governors that involved a payment as heavy as a tube full of vetagem, it must be shady, and bad, really bad.
I kept my distance from Rainbird, knowing that whatever her deal is with The Governors, it will bring them together again and when it does, I will be ready.
For months, I watched her operations, every move, and for a long time, I found nothing Arbitrus, until I abducted one of her bodyguards, probed his dirty mind and found out about a meeting with some arbitrons, that is to hold in two weeks at someplace they call Area 47, somewhere in Nevada. That was two weeks ago. I figured if there is an arbitron involved, there is a starship involved––my sweet ride back home.
I did some digging and found everything I needed on Area 47 from a conspiracy theorist blog. Area 47, Jasper Nevada. That brings me to this moment, the meeting day.
For seven hours, I have been sitting on this platform, the top of a five hundred feet obelisk, watching, waiting. At first, all I see is sand and rocks. But after adjusting my eyes' spectrum a few times, a three hundred feet shiny metal pyramid appeared at four kilometers away. It's definitely where the meeting is going down. And judging by the number of guards outside the pyramid, which is zero, and how easy it was for me to get up here undetected, I can bet getting hold of my prize will be way too easy than I would like it to be.
I see dust rising from north of the pyramid. Three armored and heavy-wheeled vehicles are approaching. The vehicles reach the pyramid and stop. Armed men in military uniform step out and form a circle around Rainbird as she steps out of the vehicle in a casual white top and blue jeans. They move into the pyramid. Two of the escorting soldiers remain outside by the vehicles.
I scan the sky again and again for a ship, but there is nothing UFO-ish, as some humans will say. After a few minutes, a strong whooshing fills the sky, and a spaceship descends close to the pyramid, raising so much dust it becomes less visible as it gets closer to the ground. It lands. The dust clears out. The ship is ten meters long and ten meters wide. I run a scan of the ship's design and find a five feet curvy bulge on its back above the tail. I sigh, a tiny smile forms on my left cheek. A warp drive engine. I had considered a possibility of the ship being a regular spaceship without deep space capability, in which case there would be a mothership in the orbit, in which case my mission will be near impossible to accomplish.
The main hatch opens and three men walk out of the ship. Two of them are armed, and in military grade bio-suits like mine. The third man in the middle looks familiar. I narrow my eyes and observe his shape and motion; six feet five, broad shoulders, thick arms and thighs, and I realize there is only one arbitron I know with that shape, and it is Ra Argadus, the father of Hanther, my woman. 
“Well well.” I say to myself in my regular low-pitched voice.
The three arbitrons walk into the pyramid.
I shift my view back to the ship; my prize. There is no one outside, but I can be sure there are at least two men inside. I double the number, prepared for the worst. It’s not a question of whether I will be able to take the ship, but a question of how many people I’m going to have to kill to get it. 
I scan the perimeter again and again to make sure there is nobody outside. There are cameras and motion sensors around the pyramid, but the sensors were disabled right before the ship landed. They have all these security measures, but they don’t expect anything to go wrong.
I twist my neck and rub my palms together. I’m about to do something I’m going to enjoy, something I haven’t been able to do in three years, I am about to dance with no more than a five inch laser-blade knife and my skills. I drop off the obelisk, my ragged cape flapping above my head as I fall. At fifty feet to the ground, I briefly release a force blast from my suit toward the ground, thrusting me up a bit, breaking my drop speed, then I come down at a bearable speed and land on my feet, raising dust around my legs. I cover my head with the hoodie of my cape and walk to the ship. I know they will see me coming, but they won't do a thing about it. It's an off world protocol to stay inside the ship when detected by high-intelligent native life forms with no knowledge of our existence, and in a worst case scenario, the ship will leave the vicinity as fast as possible. But in this case, they won't leave, and I’m really counting on them to stay on protocol and remain inside the ship.
I walk to the hatch and knock. They don’t respond. I knock three times, stop, two times, stop, then five times. It is code for identification in case of tracking and communication failure. I stand back and the hatch hisses open. A man is standing by the hatchway, and he is about to say something, but I don’t wait to hear what he is going to say, I just walk past him into the ship and hit the door button on the wall beside the hatch, and it closes. Now, I am inside the ship, the first and the most difficult step of the invasion.
Inside are four men. Two of them are armed and alert, with their eyes fixed on me.
“Who are you?” one of them asks.
I push down the hoodie and reveal my face. Just as I imagined, they are surprised to see me.
“Cyders Kaige?” says the second armed soldier, his eyes wide open. “But you’re supposed to be dead.”
“But I aint. I been stuck here three earth years, and it’s time to go home.”
The man standing by the hatchway is now standing in front of me. “Cyders, it is really you. We mourned you. We thought you were dead.”
I take a good look at his face, trying to confirm who I think the voice belongs to. He is Vask Autrazthak, the other man in love with Hanther. “Vask,” I say.
Vask is a highly respected man on Arbitrus, and even I cannot deny that he has my respect. He was responsible for stopping several wars we would have fought in the past. In my world, we call that heroic. But we had a problem. He was in love with Hanther Sunhide, the daughter of Ra Argadus, but she was in love with me.
Back then, I was reckless. I go out every day doing dangerous things, not caring much about my life, but I was damn good enough to make it back home every time. I didn’t care about anything, I didn’t believe in love, but she didn’t care. She saw me for the animal that I am and she loved it, and she tamed it. She chose me, made me a better man, she made me care, but he wasn’t ready to respect her choice. 
“You know, we cannot take you with us. We would have to go back and arrange transport for you.”
I nod. “I know, it’s protocol, and that’s exactly why I didn’t come here to join the ride. I came to take it.” I let out a mischievous grin.
“What?”
I briskly turn to the two armed men, they are already raising their guns. In a single move, I draw my knife, power it on and throw at the nearest soldier’s lower torso, cutting through the nano-wires of his bio-suit, a core part of the suit, knowing the suit would induce sleep while it repairs damage inflicted on that part. I lunge forward at the second soldier and grab his gun. We drag the gun for a few seconds, then I drop on my right knee, bend my head between his arms and stomach and raise myself, lifting him with my shoulders and I toss him over. He hits the floor shoulders first. Before he gets a chance to breathe, I follow with an elbow-drop to his throat. He gasps, spittle flying out of his mouth. I claw my hand on his lower torso where the nano-wires are and rip it out, and just like the other soldier, he goes to sleep. 
I take the soldier’s gun and jump to my feet. I turn around to deal with the remaining two guys I considered much lesser threats, a thick ball of hot plasma hits me on the chest and send me flying. I fire three shots in midair. As I hit the floor, the two of them hit the floor too. I gasp for air, groaning as the whole of my body shrieks in pain. I sit up and look down at my chest, panting hard. The chest part of my bio-suit has been vaporized, and a small part of my chest with it. I reroute more power to the suit’s repair system so it can repair faster. The two men are down, and are not moving, so I relax and let my bio-suit fixes me. After a few minutes, the repair is done and I am good as new. I hear a sob and I look, Vask is alive, but he is weak. Since he is alive, he would have done the same thing I did––reroute more power for his repair, which means he will recover any time from now. I take a gun and point it at him. He grunts for a while and finally sits up, glaring at me.
 “Did you know?” I ask. “Did you know there was vetagem in my ship? Did you know they set me up die?”
He stares at me for a while with a sorry look on his face. He swallows hard. “I knew the real objective of the mission was kept from you, I knew the arbitron gone rogue story was dogshit, but I had no idea they intended for you to die.”
“Yeah? What did you think was going to happen? I was sent on a false mission to unknowingly accomplish another, what did you think was going to happen to me? You knew.” I shake my head.  “The you I knew would have warned me, but I guess you wanted me gone anyway, 'cause I’m the only thing standing between you and Hanther.”
“That is not true.” He says it, but his voice says otherwise.
“You see, whatever party you got going here, I’m going to take this ship, I’m going to fly home and I’m going to ruin it for you.” I should yell at him, I want to, but knowing that I will soon be home again overwhelms me, and the words just come out cool and easy. 
I get up, pressing my back against the wall for support, I move to him and punch him hard on the face and he blacks out. I open the hatch, remove my laser knife from the sleeping soldier and drag them out in twos. I take off my cape and hang it on a bar. I look around the ship for a moment, admiring its beauty, the closest thing to Arbitrus that I’ve seen in three years. I move to the control chair and seat. I power up the engines and in a few seconds, the ship is ready to go interstellar. My hands on the steering-stick, tapping anxiously. Right now this moment, I miss Hanther and Arbitrus more than I ever have.
I pull the steering-stick and the ship is supposed to lift off the ground, but instead, an alert pops up on the screen, saying the ship cannot fly unless the active mission's primary object is onboard. Mission primary object, Ra Argadus. Damn! Just when I thought it couldn’t get any harder. Moving the bodies out of the ship would have alerted the area security. I didn’t care because I thought I would be off this planet by now. I display the outside camera feed. I see armed men in military uniform coming out of the pyramid.
Now, I have a problem. They know something is up, and Ra Argadus, my get-off-this-planet card is not coming out until he knows that the threat has been neutralized. I hate that it has come to this. There’s only one way about it now; I go in, get the bastard and drag his butt back to the ship. I can't say it will be easy, but what’s an arbitron to fear on an army of human soldiers? 
I power down the ship, enter the life chamber and recharge my bio-suit to maximum capacity. I take a gun, put my ragged cape back on and open the hatch. From the pyramid, twelve armed men are approaching tactically. I move toward them. They stop when we are about  hundred and seven meters apart, but I don’t stop. They start yelling at me to stop and identify myself, but I keep moving. At fifty meters, they open fire on me, and I quickly raise my hand up to protect my face. A light-construct shield extends from my forearm and covers me from the bullets. I remain still as they continue to fire for the next one minute. They stop. In a sudden move, I retract the shield back into my suit and charge toward them, firing innium bullets. Innium bullets are weightless, self-propelled and controlled by the will of the person that wields the gun that fires the bullets, which means I decide how fast the bullets go and where it goes.
Three of the soldiers drop dead, and the rest resume fire, but not coming closer. I leap as if the law of earth’s gravity does not apply to me. I land among them and engage the nine soldiers in close combat, but they don’t stand a chance, especially when it is close combat. I swipe my gun slightly above the sand, clearing two pairs of legs off the ground. I turn and weave a shiny silver knife coming at my face. I grab the hand holding the knife and swing the body that belongs to it, knocking down three soldiers with it. I let go of the body, and it flies at another soldier. I turn and fire blindly, knowing someone is coming from behind me. Two soldiers drop cold. I turn again and hold the mouth of a gun about to fire at me. I look into the eyes of the soldier holding the gun and see fear and sweat. He squeezes the trigger and watches as the shells bounce off my chest. I pull the gun, bringing him closer, I move my upper body back just a little and thrust it forward, running my forehead at his. His body shoots back and drops, his forehead broken and his face covered in blood.
My cape is pulled off from behind and a hand wraps itself around my neck, and then I feel a sharp object press to my back. The soldier moans as he struggles to drive the knife into my back, but it won’t go in. Two soldiers in front of me move back, creating enough space to fire. I grab the hand around my neck, jerk forward, bending my knees slightly, and I throw the hand, and the body it belongs to flies at the two soldiers in front of me. Their shots kill the soldier before he hits one of them, then I fire a plasma blast at the other, making a big hole through his chest. The force of the blast knocks him down right after the plasma had gone through him. The soldier on the ground tries to get up, but hot plasma hits his side, vaporizing half of his stomach and waist through. I turn around, a small black ball with tiny blinking lights rolls to a stop between my feet. Shit! It’s a grenade! I throw myself back just as the grenade goes off and I activate my force field shield. I hit the ground on my back, face up to the clouds. Bright blue light flashes past me at the speed of sound. 
I spring up, no damage, my shield protected me. I look ahead, the four soldiers at a few meters away start to shoot at me. I raise my hand and the light-shield expands from the forearm part of my suit and covers me from the projectiles. For another three minutes, they continue to turns, taking turns to reload. After a while, they stop, but I remain behind the shield. After a few more seconds, I retract the shield and see one of them with a launcher, raised toward the sky. He fires and five rockets whistle up to the sky, spreading out. These grenades cannot kill me, but will sure do enough damage to get me captured and stripped of my bio-suit, and then I will become just like them, fragile, and just a bullet to the temple will get the job done. I could let my force field take all the hit, but that much blow will drain my bio-suit of power, and I have no idea what awaits after I’m done with these men.  The rockets from five different positions descend toward me. I raise my gun and fire two shots. Two rockets explode in the air and my gun hisses when I squeeze the trigger again and again. The gun is out of juice, and I was stupid not to take at least an extra power-cell with me. I drop my gun, turn and run, glancing over my shoulder from time to time to see how close the rockets are.
The rockets are getting closer and my heart is pounding. I am afraid. But even though the rockets scare me, I still know that no matter how this go, it ends with me proceeding into the pyramid, leaving the four soldiers so-dead corpses behind.
When I turn, they turn. I run here and there, as fast as I can, while the four soldiers stand there, waiting for the rockets to take me out. I see a gun beside a dead soldier, I swerve toward it. The rockets are just behind me now. I dive for the gun and roll on my back. The rockets are now a few meters away from me, all faced down at me. I release a force blast at the ground, and it thrusts me up so high. The rockets are going to turn and follow me, but all I need is for one of them to get close enough to hit the ground. One of rockets touches the ground and explodes, catching the other two and all three rockets explode beneath me. I sail through the air for a moment and then begin to fall. My eyes find the soldiers and I fire. Bullets go through their heads. One immediately after the other, their bodies slump to the ground, but I continue to shoot till the gun clicks and clicks. At a few feet from the ground, I let out another force blast, jerk up a bit and come down easy on my feet. I walk on toward their corpses, pick two guns and proceed into the pyramid. 
Entering through the main door, three thuds fill the air in a lasting echo and two bullets hit me on the face and one on my chest. For a moment, my rings heavily, but the bullets don’t penetrate, they bounce off. I shake my head as the pain fades, I shoot the soldiers that fired the shots and move on. The deeper I go into the pyramid the more it appears like the inside of a ship. Something about the design feels familiar.
I walk through a long passage, the walls are made of solid metal. The passage leads me into a three hundred feet deep room. Steel walk-way spiraled along the wall from the top to the bottom, and steel cross-overs that run across the empty space between. I have no idea where to go from here, so I take a minute to evaluate the situation. Two bullets hit the wall behind me, and then more bullets. For another five minutes, I exchange fire with a group of soldiers. I kill them all.
Nothing will stop me from reuniting with Hanther.
I randomly choose a path and move along it. I climb a stair, turn a corner, climb another stair and turn another corner. I have no idea where I am going, I just let my gut drive me. I go through a door that leads into a hallway. On the other end of the hallway are two people, a boy and a girl. They can't be more than eighteen, and they are unarmed. 
They begin to walk toward me as if coming to attack, but they are just kids and they are not even armed. I lower my gun and slow down. I squint, trying to figure what these kids are up to. I’m a threat, and they know it, so unless they are a pair of dumbasses, they undoubtedly have a plan, I just have to figure what it is.
They are coming faster. The boy strikes a blow into the air, as if aiming to hit me, but he is far away, and there is no way his clenched fist can hit me from that far. I am wrong. An invisible force hits me so hard it sends me sprawling back a few meters before I stop. I roll up, ignoring the pain in my back and chest, and the tingles in my right knee. I try to explain to myself what just happened. 
Humans are older than arbitrons by several million years, but our technology is way way ahead of theirs, and even we, have no means of doing what this kid just did without an enhancement, like a handheld weapon or a suit. How did he do it? My mind winds back two years earlier, when there were rumors of new advanced specie emerging from the human population, and then the news faded, and everything about it was forgotten. Seeing this kid do what he did, I know now that the rumor was true, and the evidence must have been covered up. I get up, guns no longer in my hands, I dropped them when the force knocked me over. 
The two kids continue toward me, a little faster now. The girl suddenly vanishes and the boy starts to run. I start to run too. I find one of the guns that fell out of my hand and kick it with the tip of my boot-toe, making it fly up, I grab it without breaking speed and fire at the boy, but he deflects every shot by swiping his hands at the air. Something hits me from behind, knocking me off my feet toward the boy. He clenches his left fist, and it ignites in flame, he pulls the flaming hand to his back and rocks it forward as if throwing a ball. A fireball shoots from the hand and hits me in midair, sending me back again. I hit the floor and the gun flies out of my hand again. I activate my force field to keep the fire out. In seconds, the shield is covered in flame coming from the boy’s hand. I get on my hands and knees, covered in sweat, trying to breathe. The fire stops. The boy stands over me, grinning down at me. I turn off my shield and throw myself at him, my shoulder to his gut. I take him off his feet and slam his back to the floor. He groans loudly, air knocked out of his lungs. I kneel over him, about to punch him to death or sleep, whichever comes first. He raises his left hand and sends a telekinetic blast at my face, I dodge it, push his hand aside and squeeze it hard till I hear his wrist bones break. He screams in pain and raises his other hand at me. A hand grabs me from behind and yanks me off him. I hit the floor, slide and stop. I get back up in time to see a ball fire ball flying at me. I roll away and draw my knife. I get up and run at them, now beside each other. The girl tries to grab me with her telekinesis, but I swerve here and there, dodging her grips. The boy sits up and uses his one uninjured hand to shoot fire at me. I throw my knife through the flame and dive for the gun on the floor. By the time the fire clears out, the girl is down on the floor, my knife in her chest. I take the gun and shoot the boy before he can throw any more fire at me. 
I remove my knife from the girl’s chest and shove it into its place just below my waist. I look around, trying to come up with a plan in case I have to take on more people like them. 
This place have sublevels, but I can only hope that the meeting is not holding in one of the sublevels, but rather up here, where I can easily find Ra Argadus. I hear footsteps approaching. I take a peek from the corner and see two armed soldiers coming. I stay quiet with my back on the wall. The first soldier comes out of the corner, I hit the handle of my gun to his face, and he drops cold. I immediately grab the other guy’s gun and yank him up over me with it. He hits the floor, wincing with his mouth opened, wanting to scream, but the sound barely comes out. I take his gun and clasp my hand on the shoulder. I lift him up with the grip, making it a lot more painful. 
“You gonna tell me where the meeting with the aliens is holding.”
“Aint telling you shit.” He blurts, his teeth covered in blood. I tighten my grip on his trapezius more, and I feel his shoulder bone cracking within my grip. He screams.
“O––okay, I––I’ll tell you. The meeting is holding in sector C room number eight.” 
I frown. I have no idea where that is. “Where? This floor or below?”
“This floor, this floor.” He says with his teeth clenched.
I let go of his shoulder, he drops and stumbles, I grab his arm and yank him up as he falls. “You’re gonna take me there and for the sake of your mother, you will take me exactly where I want to go.”
He nods. I release his arm. He leads the way and I follow. I know putting him in front could get him killed, then I would have to get someone else to take me there, but I intend to keep him alive as I may not find another person as cooperative. We go on and every time we meet armed men, I shoot them down. As we move from hallway to hallway, I keep praying we don’t meet anyone like those kids. I see a door with ‘Sector C’ above it. The soldier opens the door while I lurk behind him. In the corridor are five human soldiers and the two arbitron soldiers that came in with Ra Argadus. I see three grenades in the small bag on the waist of the soldier that led me here. I take two. I remove the pins and toss them across the floor to where the guards are standing. I grab the soldier’s arms and dive out the door with him as the grenades go off, I save him.
I look at him, his hands on his ears blocking out the bam. “You better run,” I say. He shudders to his feet and runs without looking back.
I get up and drop the gun in my hand. By now, the human soldiers are certainly dead. But the arbitron soldiers on the other hand are not near that easy to kill, not with a human-made grenade. I push the door slowly. As my eyes see the inside, hot plasma and innium bullets fly at me. I duck and pull myself back away from the door. I take a deep breath and count; one, two thr–– I dash into the room and release a force blast at the soldiers. The force throws me back, but I roll up as soon as my back touches the floor. The soldiers are knocked down, stunned. I move to them before they can recover, take one of their guns and blast them dead.
Finally, nothing stands between me and Ra Argadus.
The double door to the meeting room is barely holding now. I throw my foot at the door, one of the two doors fall off and the other opens. I walk in. In the room is Rainbird, Ra Argadus, the Vice President of the United States and two guys in military uniform that I don't know. Entering the room, with the five of them hiding in one dark corner of the room, I feel like death. On the table is a lit cigar. I pick it up and shove it in my mouth. One of the few things I’ll miss when I’m gone, the cigar. I inhale with the cigar hanging in my mouth, I make a small opening on a corner of my mouth and let out a gush of thick white smoke. I remove the cigar and tap it till ash falls from it and scatters as it touches the table.
“Cyders Kaige.” Says Argadus, staring at me like I’m a ghost. “You are supposed to be dead.”
“I know.” I put the cigar in, inhale deeply and put it out again, thick smoke follows, flowing toward them, but disappearing before it gets close. “You see Argadus, normally I would start asking questions, so many questions. But I happen to be in a rush to get off this planet, and I need you in the ship. So we either gonna do this the easy way or the hard way, the choice is yours. But I beg you Argadus, choose the hard way.”
With the look on his face, I can tell he was in on the conspiracy against me, but I'm not surprised, I never liked him anyway, and although has always pretended to like me, because of Hanther, but I’ve always known he’s a deep bastard.
“Mr. Vice President,” I say, smiling, “doing shady deal with aliens, why am I not surprised?”
I drop the cigar and kick the table away from the center of the room, the screeching of its stand dragging across the floor briefly filling the room. I move toward them, going to get Argadus. I expect him to fight back, not hide in a corner like a coward and wait to be taken. Surprisingly, Rainbird steps forward. I stop.
“What now kid?”
“You want Ra Argadus, you’re going to have to go through me.” She says.
The voice, the words, the confidence, I’ve seen it before in the hallway. She’s not dumb, she meant what she said. Shit! She’s one of the advanced humans.
“Well well.”
 I raise my gun to shoot her down, two of the chairs in the room fly at me and the gun flies out of my hand. I activate my force field before the chairs can touch me. The gun hits the force field shield and bounces back at me, I grab it. Without hesitation, I fire at her and she deflects every shot and at the same time throwing things at me with her mind. A strong force smacks at me, sending me into what's left of the door. 
Rainbird, she is way better than the first two kids I battled. If I am going to take her down, I’m going to need to come up with a plan fast. I take two guns from the floor beside the dead soldiers, I throw one at her and charge toward her immediately. She deflects the gun and before she can settle, I throw the second gun, she deflects it too and by the time she is ready to focus on me, I’m already in front of her. She raises her right hand, I grab the hand, push it to her side and grab her neck. I roll to her back and I kick the back of her right leg. She drops on her bottom, my fingers still around her neck.
“Don’t make me kill you.” I say, with my teeth clenched.
She breathes in and out, her chest rising and falling, trying to catch her breath. 
“Ra Argadus is a guest on my planet,” she says, struggling to get the words out. “And I am responsible for anything that happens to him while he’s here. Hurting him will severe my relationship with the people he represents.”
“And what relationship is that?” I ask. Then it occurs to me. I have known there is this evil deal going on, but I haven’t bothered to find out what the deal really is. 
“It’s classified,” she says.
“Yeah? Classified my ass!”
Four tentacles grow out from the back of my suit, one clips to her forehead, one to the back above the neck and two go to the sides of her head. I begin to download her memory. Ra Argadus tries to make a move, I raise a gun at him and he stays down.
 Five minutes later, I’ve learnt everything Amy knows about herself, even those she can’t remember, also everything she knows about the arbitrons and their mission here, but she doesn’t know much about it, she doesn’t care, as long as she and her kind are not going to be involved.
They call themselves Mutants; people with advanced genes. When her father discovered what she is, he kept her isolated through her childhood, believing he was protecting her. When Amy reached the age of eighteen, she decided she wanted more than being kept away from the world, and when her father refused her what she wanted, she lost temper and tore the man apart with her mind. She covered the story and took over her father’s business. When she discovered there are many others like her, she searched for them, found them and brought them together to help them. 
After years of hiding from a squad set up by the government to find isolate all mutants away from the normal human population, they decided it was time fight back. They were ready for war. That was when the arbitrons showed up. They intended to conquer Earth, but they feared they may have a hard time conquering the mutant population, so they decided to make a deal. Ra Argadus offered to provide everything needed to terraform Mars plus wealth, Amy agreed, and everything was delivered. The Mutants are migrating permanently to Mars, leaving the arbitrons to do with Earth whatever they want, and the American leaders, believing that Earth has already been lost, are bargaining for a city on Mars. 
Mars has been terraformed, and every Mutant on the planet is beneath my feet, in sub-levels of this structure, this spaceship, getting ready to fly to Mars.
I stare at Ra Argadus, he knows that I have learnt everything Amy knows.  “What do you want with Earth?” I ask. He looks down. Whatever it is he’s hiding, there is no point hiding it anymore. I know way too much now, and he’s going to try and kill me for it. If he tries, he will fall.
“Project El-Trion,” he mutters.
“Project El-Trion! You’re going to destroy an entire race of sentient life forms for a project? The project was forbidden by The Elders. Why would you want to go against The Elders and resurrect it?”
“Because it is the only way we can stand up to them, The Elders and they know it.” He says.
Project El-Trion was green lighted by The Elders seven hundred Arbitrus-years ago, and Faoun, one of our planet's moons was going to be home to the project. It had to do with creating living organic weapons with cosmic powers, and have them fight our wars for us, but the project was later terminated by The Elders for unknown reasons. The Elders are the incredibly powerful beings we know absolutely nothing about, but have been directing the affairs of our race since the beginning. Some say they created us, but it doesn’t matter. We are sick of their leadership and we want them gone, but they are so powerful, that despite our super-advanced technologies, we still don’t have what it takes to stand up to them. But this project, El-Trion would change that, and they know it.
If the motive behind resurrecting the project is to rebel against The Elders, I totally support it. But what they intend to do with Earth, they intend to use the planet as the factory which means every life form, plants and animals and microorganisms will be destroyed and broken down to non-life state. This I do not agree with. Maybe it is because I have spent three years with them, and I am so much into their style, or it is because The Elders forbade such atrocity or it’s that what’s bad is bad and this is super bad, I just can’t agree to it, and I will do everything within my power to stop them, even if I have to reveal their plan to The Elders.
I detach my tentacles from Amy’s head and she falls, exhausted by the memory surge caused by the probing.
“Argadus, you can find another world void of sentient life forms. Why does it have to be Earth?”
“You think we wanted this too? It wasn’t easy for us either. We searched vastly beyond Earth, but the worlds we found are all habited. We figured the humans are weak, and they will be easy to conquer quietly, it's why we chose them, and it is the most logical choice and you know it. And besides, this star system is not The Elders radar, they won’t know a thing until it is too late.”
“As much as I support your intention toward The Elders, I will not allow you to destroy the humans.”
“It is already too late, the first stage has begun.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Why do you think I’m here? I’m here to see things through. To see the Mutants leave, and see our plans set in motion. It is already too late Cyders, you cannot stop it now.”
I take an arbitron gun, grab Ra Argadus’s neck and throw him at the wall. I power up the gun and put it to his face. He watches as the gun comes to life, gathering energy, preparing to let out a blast at his face. In seconds, Argadus is covered in sweat, his chest pumping.
“Tell me, Argadus, what have you done?” I yell.
“The first step,” he swallows hard. “The sprayer, the sprayer, it’s in the atmosphere.”
The sprayer is a drone ship for spraying cities, a whole planet with gas when needed, usually to release a global antidote for airborne plagues. Now they are using it to spray some kind of evil gas on the humans.
“What does the gas do?” I demand.
“You will have to see for yourself.”
I power down the gun. I raise my hand to strike him, but I pause. “One more thing. Why did The Governors wanted me dead?”
“Because Cyders, you knew too much, and the redemption program had recorded three failures at that time, and they couldn’t risk it with you, especially when it is you Cyders.”
I stare at him for a moment, then I hit him so hard he passes out. I throw him on my shoulder and walk out of the room. I carry him into the ship and lock him in a light-cell in a corner. I move to the ship’s main control and power up the engines. I fly the ship and this time it flies because Ra Argadus, the primary object of the active mission is onboard.
The ship takes off and I fly into earth’s orbit. I search the system for information on the sprayer and the gas, I find nothing that could help counter the effect of the gas, but I find the sprayer-ship's programed path. I follow the path and find the ship. I fire everything I've got at it, but its shield remains active and strong.
I clench my fist, angry. I open the light-cell, pull Argadus out of the cell and slam his back to the wall. I jam my fist to his face and he coughs out of his slumber with a bleeding nose.
“I found the sprayer-ship. How do I stop it?”
“What?”
I slap him hard on the face. “How do I stop the sprayer-ship?”
“You can’t. There is only one person with access to the sprayer-ship’s command system,”
“Lemme guess,” I growl. “He’s not onboard.”
“No he’s not,” he shakes his head.
I toss him back into the cell and seal it. I fly the ship side-by-side with the sprayer-ship and maintain the same speed with it. I set my ship on auto-pilot. I open the weapon chamber and take two C-3 plasma grenades. The sprayer-ship’s shield defense should allow me through because I’m arbitron. But if anything has changed in the last three and half years, then I could be wrong, and my plan could fail utterly and lead to my death, but it's the only way I can think of, and I have to try. 
I open the hatch, take a deep breath, run and jump at the sprayer-ship. As I get closer to the shield, I see the nearly invisible grid, and my heart begins to pound so loud it fills my head. I reach the shield and fall through it. I bump into the ship and bounce off, falling toward the tail. My hand finds something and I hold on to it like my life depends on it. Actually, it does. I pull myself up and hold with my second hand to balance up, the whole of my chest pumping as the wind slaps me all around. I let out an insane growl and smile.
I climb to the top of the ship and when my feet find the surface, I gravitize to the ship. I find a tight space toward the tail. I place a grenade between two flat metals, and press it hard so it sticks in there. I crawl to the other side, toward my ship. I find a hole so deep I can’t see its bottom. I press the grenade trigger button and drop it into the hole. I release my hands from the body of the ship and move to a standing position. I run. Just as I reach the edge, the grenade goes off, triggering the other grenade to explode. I jump and the shock wave from the explosion shoots me at my ship. I bump hard into the ship and quickly find something to hold on to. The sprayer's engine explodes and begins to go down. I find my way to the hatch and get back into the ship. I lie on the floor for a short moment, gasping for air. I get up and walk to the window and watch as the sprayer-ship goes down, exploding.
I may have destroyed the sprayer-ship and prevented the gas from spreading all over the planet, but all I have really done is buy the humans some time to prepare and fight against the darkness that will come after.  
I fly on to Arbitrus at faster than light speed. 
I take Ra Argadus to The Elders myself and report everything I learnt of their plan, except for the part where their ultimate intention is against them, The Elders. I reveal The Governors’ secrets, something I would never have considered even if the redemption program had failed to redeem me. The Elders find me as guilty as The Governors and condemn The Governors to a thousand years in the Dark Zone––a cross-dimensional mass prison of absolute darkness. Due to Hanther’s numerous appeal on my behalf, and because I tried to help the humans, The Elders give me ten years.
**********
Ten years later, I’m a free man. Hanther and I get married. We have kids. We live happily.
At every sunset of every day, I would look up into the sky and remember Earth and the humans. I would remember the gas, and wonder if they survived. I would wonder if The Elders ever did anything to help them as they said they would. I would imagine myself sitting at the beach of Miami, staring into sunset above the blue of the ocean, cigar hanging in my mouth, and I would smile.
###





DreadLine

An apocalyptic spin-off from SILAS GAGE


DreadLine


It’s the morning of the third day of September, year 2014, my sixteenth birthday. When the morning came, my dad walked into my room and sat beside me and he whispered in my ear, “Happy birthday son.” He placed two plane tickets to Nevada beside my head. I have never been so happy. I am what most people would call freak, nerd or whatever names it is they give to people obsessed with finding alien life. And Nevada to me is like Asian-porn to Dean Winchester.
Five days ago, Jasper Nevada meant nothing to me, but four days ago, it became the place I want to go when I die. 
Four days ago, a very popular ufologist published on his blog a series of photos of a place in Nevada, and the subject of the photos is a shiny metal pyramid that appeared out of nowhere and rose up into the sky, leaving a five hundred feet hole in the ground. What made the photos popular is the fact that they were taken by Google satellites and downloaded through Google Earth.
My dad and my physics teacher, Mr. Paul Sanders as I call him when we’re in class, who also happens to be the best dad in the world gave me the best birthday gift ever! I hugged him, kissed him, rushed into the bathroom and rushed out and in minutes. I was ready for the epic trip to the land of undeniable evidence of existence of extraterrestrials on our planet. I would have called Peter, Sam and Kim––my best friends, and told them about the epic-to-be trip, but I was so excited that I forgot everything else until I got on the plane. 
My dad is sitting next to me. He is in his regular dull-green sweater and a pair of glasses, and a beautiful smile. Every time I look at him and see his round face wrinkles when he smiles, I want to hug him again. I want to tell him how much I love him, especially for this trip. He understands me, and it is why we are so close. Although I never liked the idea that I’m a lot like him, because he is usually quiet and too gentle, two attributes I greatly dislike, but we do have a lot in common.
“Dad,” I say. He turns his head and looks at me. He was staring at a lady across the aisle, an attractive woman, a bit younger than he is. Normally, I would scold him for such thing, but just for today, if he decides he wants to enjoy some certain view, especially when it’s that of an attractive woman, I think I’ll give him a pass.
“What Steven?”
“I just want to say thanks again.”
“Don’t bother,” he smiles. “I did it for us both, don’t forget that.”
“Of course I won’t.”
He is eager to end our conversation and get busy with staring at the woman he isn’t even talking to. His eyes shift back toward her, and then I notice the look on his face, it’s not pleasure; it is worry, intense worry. I look at the woman for a few seconds and I don’t see why he is worried, but he definitely sees something, something I don’t see.
“Is everything okay, Dad?” I ask.
He does not respond. His lips are pursed; he does that when he is observing something he considers strange.
“Dad,” I call again.
He glances around and looks at me. “I don’t know if you’ve noticed,” he says in a lowered voice. “Most of the people on this plane are acting strange.”
“I haven’t,” I say mockingly, smiling.
“I’m serious Steven. There was a short hairy man when we boarded the plane, he was angry and very impatient. He bumped into two guys, an old man and a woman.”
“Yeah, I saw that.” I say, keeping my voice as lowered as his. I look at the woman again, she’s the woman the hairy man bumped into, and she appears unsettled. “Wait, you think he infected her with his unfriendly attitude? Come on dad.”
I look around and find the old man that was bumped into. I see the back of his head, bald and gray haired. He is looking left and right in the exact same way as the woman. I look for the hairy man that bumped into them and I find him three rows behind us. He is looking left and right too. He stops and catches me staring. His face is pale, and his eyes are bloodshot black instead of red. I think that is strange. I become nervous. His hair is curled and appears strangely strong, his lips are twitching. Something is definitely wrong with this man. Not just his anger or hostile attitude, he looks sick. I look away when his eyes catches mine. Suddenly, I want to get off the plane. The hairy man, the woman and the old man, they make me nervous. I press my back against the chair and try to slow my racing heartbeat.
“Dad,” I say, barely hearing the sound of my voice. “Dad,”
“What’s wrong?”
“I want to go to Nevada, I really want to, but not in this plane.”
“What? Why?”
The plane moves, and now it’s too late for me to get off the plane without making a scene. I know I’m going to have to ignore whatever it is I’m feeling in my gut right now.
“What Steven?”
“I have a very bad feeling.”
He smiles. “You have bad feelings about many things.”
I want to tell him this is different, that I feel so sick right now that I could vomit, but it’s my birthday, and so far, it has been good with the two of us together, and I am not ready to ruin it with a stupid gut-feeling. I nod, reassuring myself I can handle a little anxiety. You’re sixteen Steven, you’re grownup now, act like it. But no matter how hard I try, I only get more nervous, and now I feel like I’m going to barf already.
“I’m going to the bathroom,” I say.
“Okay.”
I get up from my seat and walk to the back. I try not to look at the hairy man, and I can tell he is looking at me. I enter the bathroom and try to force myself to vomit, but nothing comes, so I wash my hand and face with water. I stand there for a few minutes, staring at my reflection in the mirror, thinking of a million ways things could go wrong on this plane. That man could be psychotic. What if he lost it? What if Paul was right, what if his madness is transferable through physical contact? What if everyone suddenly go crazy? I’m not the type that gets scared of flying, but every atom that makes me Steven Sanders is telling me something really bad is going to happen.
I get out of the bathroom and walk to my seat. Before I get to my seat, the woman Paul was staring at turns her head and look behind her and our eyes meet. She is pale with black stuff in her eyes, exactly like the hairy man’s eyes.  She looks really angry too. Seeing her look at me the way she is looking at me, the feeling that took minutes in the bathroom to suppress comes rushing back. I stumble, but I grab on the nearest seat for support. The man on the seat looks at me, black veins are in his eyes too. I get to my chair and sit.
“What took you so long?” Paul asks.
I look into his eyes to see if he has the black veins too, but he doesn't. 
“Are you alright?”  He says. “You look... tensed.”
“Tensed?” I blurt quietly, frowning. “Like, black stuff in my eyes?”
“No, there is no black stuff,” he says almost laughing. “You just look tired.”
“That man dad,”
“What man?”
“The hairy man, he has this black stuff on his eyes, like veins, the woman too.”
Paul turns his head around and immediately turns it back. “Oh my god,” he says. “Something is wrong with him.”
I glance at the hairy man. Thick black veins are growing around his eyes down to his nose, and around his lips. He looks different from the last time I looked at his face. Paul is wearing that look he wears when he’s not getting something right.
“Dad,” I call, but he doesn’t answer. “Dad.”
“I counted twelve.” He says.
“Twelve what?” I ask.
“It’s a virus, and it’s spreading. Fast.”
“What’s a virus?”
“A virus is--”
“Jesus dad! I know what a virus is. I mean what are you talking about?” I say.
“The man, the woman, all twelve of them, they have a virus, a very deadly one.”
“How do you know it’s a virus?”
“The symptoms, I’ve seen it before. You’re right Steven, we need to get off this plane now.”
I can’t help but want to laugh. “You do realize we’re about thirty thousand feet in the sky. How do you propose we get out?”
“We jump!” He says, peering around. He is not kidding at all, and he’s beginning to make me nervous. “Listen to me Steven, I think the hairy man is a terrorist, and this plane is under attack. Everyone could be infected in minutes and since we are not infected yet, the best thing to do is to get out while we can, which is now.”
“By jumping out of the plane?” I say. He nods.
“There is a parachute hidden in the wall of the bathroom and there is an emergency exit somewhere in the back. We’re going to take that parachute and we’re going to jump out of this plane.”
“The exit door, how will you get it open?"
“Trust me I will.” He says and I believe him. Opening the emergency door while the cabin is pressurized is virtually impossible. But if he says he can, then he will.

For a moment, I wonder how he knows where to find a parachute on a commercial plane, how he knows there’s an emergency exit door in the back––okay, maybe everyone knows that. How he figured this is a virus. He is not the type that jumps to conclusion, but he seems to know exactly what he is talking about.
“So here is the plan,” he says. “I’m going to go first, get the parachute and in exactly one minute, you’re going to come meet me. You don’t look anyone in the eyes, just walk.”
I nod. He gets up and walks to the back. As he enters the backroom, a scream fills the air. My heart pounds so hard I lost my breath for a second. I look around, trying to find the source of the scream. My eyes catch an old man with thick black veins on his face, his eyes blank black. He is standing above a chair, looking around. There is blood on his mouth and nose, but I don’t think the blood is his. I feel like my head just exploded! It is the old man the hairy man bumped into earlier. In his mouth is something that looks like––oh my god! It is flesh!––People are getting up to see what is happening. In a matter of seconds, the plane is filled with screams and blood. People with black eyes and faces full of black veins are brutally attacking people with no black eyes or black veins.
I jump out of my seat and run to the back. The hairy man glaring at me, jumps out of his seat and charges toward me like a predator going after its prey. When he gets close enough, he dives at me, I step on the armrest of the chair beside me and spring over him. The hairy man hits his head to the chair so hard I hear his neck snaps as I fall hard on a chair. Paul comes out from the backroom with a black bag on his back. Another man with black eyes turns his body with so much force I hear his bones crack, he's only five rows away. He charges at me. I pull myself up and run. Paul reaches out for me, grabs my hand and swings me behind him. He lunges toward the man and kicks him on the chest. The man stumbles a few steps back, but doesn't fall. He opens his mouth so wide his cheeks tear and he makes a short creepy sound, almost like a frog, except frogs don’t sound creepy at all. He throws himself at Paul. Paul steps aside and jams his fist to the man’s jaw. The man crashes beside us, eyes closed, he’s not moving. 
“To the back,” Paul yells.
I turn to enter the backroom, but when I reach out with my hand to push the door open, I fall back instead. I hit the floor, skidding toward the front of the plane. Paul grabs my hand and drags me close to the chairs. I grab. I pull myself to the back of one of the chairs, breathing heavily. The plane is going down. I look down to front of the plane, the infected are attacking the uninfected, blood splashing everywhere, people screaming, it’s terrifying. 
My upper lips are twitching so hard it’s making me uncomfortable, and I want to cry, but I don’t. I’m sixteen now, I’m adult, and crying is what kids do when they are scared.
A man in brown jacket and thick moustache slowly rises from behind one of the seats close to the main door. He watches the horror below for a while, then he moves out from behind the seat and climbs down. He gets to the door and presses himself between the small corners of the door. I watch, wondering what he has in mind. He reaches for the door lever and turns it. Against the intense pressure holding the door shut, he pulls the door open as if it's nothing and he jumps. My eyes wide open, my mind trying to comprehend what I just saw. I don't know which is more terrifying; watching people get torn apart or seeing an aged man defy a law of physics and then jumped out the plane without a parachute.
I look up at Paul, he nods. “That’s our way out,” he says, as if jumping out of a moving plane is child’s play.
“No way,” I retort. I can think of at least three ways jumping out through that door could go wrong. We could bump into the wing, or get pulled into the engine, or collide with the tail, three possibilities that will certainly lead to our death.
“It’s the only way Steven, you have to trust me.” He shouts over the sound of the wind.
The overhead bins are opening and bags and suitcases are flying out the door. 
“I can’t do it,” I say, shaking my head.
He climbs down and sits next to me. “Son, we are not going to die today. Think of what would happen to Mary if we’re dead, and it’s going to happen if we don’t jump out that door while we still can.”
“Mom,” I mutter and sob. He’s right, we can’t afford to die, not today, it will destroy mom and I don’t want that. I’m not ready to die, and not just for mom, but for myself––for goodness sake I’m only sixteen!
I try to move out to the aisle, but I can’t figure how to do it.
“We have a better chance out there Steven, we have to try. Just let go, let the wind take you.” He puts his hand on my neck and kisses my forehead. “You can do it.”
Hearing him say those words, I grow some balls and decide to quit being a child and go already. I crawl out to the aisle. Paul holds my hand and when I’m lying with my back on the floor, he nods and smiles, reassuring me we are going to be fine. I nod back, meaning I’m ready. He let go of my hand and I begin to fall, sliding toward the mouth of the plane. As I get closer to the door, the pressure gets stronger, the air gets colder and it becomes impossible to breath. When I’m about six feet from the door, the plane mouth moves up slowly till it balances with the tail, and then it moves up higher than the tail. My falling speed drops and lifeless bodies and blood soaked black-eyed people begin to slide toward me, but I’m already close enough to the door. The wind pulls me out with so much force I narrowly miss bumping into the wing. 
For a few seconds that feels like a long time, I’m spinning so fast I think I’m going to vomit my intestines. I extend my hands and legs and slowly put them straight with my body. I don’t know why I’m doing it, but it’s slowing me down. I don’t see the plane anymore, I don’t even hear its sound. It’s really cold up here, and my eyes are hurting badly, but I can’t worry about that now. I’m falling thirty thousand feet out of the sky, and I have to figure a way to survive. 
It doesn’t take long before I realize how stupid I was. The only way I could survive was if I had jumped out of the plane together with my dad who has the parachute. He was stupid enough to convince me to throw myself to my death, and I was even more stupid to agree to it. I hate him so much right now.
I’m free falling, and I know I have less than a minute till I hit the ground. I spread my hands and legs, close my watery, hurting eyes and try to enjoy the ride. I push the thought that I'm falling to my inevitable death out of my head and picture myself with wings. It feels insanely exciting to feel like I’m flying.
Something touches the tip of my finger, I open my eyes. A lifeless body is below me, falling faster than I am. Another body falls past me. I try to turn my head to see behind me, a body bumps into me and falls past me. I spin around for a few seconds before I get my bearings. As easy as turning the head to see the back should be, it is proving impossible for me right now. I realize it’s easier to turn the whole body, so I turn and see people scattered across my view, some coming down faster than the other. 
I see a body coming toward me, but I don't know how to move myself out of its way. The body hits me and clings on to my wrist. It’s a girl with black eyes and bloody face. I open my mouth to scream, but instead get it filled with air. She is squeezing my hand so hard and trying to get her teeth and her free hand on my skin. I pull, but she won’t let go. Another body bumps into her and she lost her grip on my hand and spins away. 
Even though it’s happening right before my eyes, I still find it hard to believe that the black-eyeds are still bent on tearing the uninfected apart, even while they fall to their death. I wonder for a moment how a virus could turn humans to such mindless beasts, how they are feeling inside––hunger? Or just raw desire to destroy? My eyes are filled with tears and it hurts so much. I rub the tears off so I can see clearly. I look around for my dad, but I don’t see him. I don’t see most of the faces, but I would know Paul even without his face. I hear a faint scream, it sounds far away, and then it’s gone. I hear it again, and then I begin to hear all the screams, the voices getting slapped at me by the wind. If I can hear the voices now, it only means one thing; I am so close to the ground now.
I turn my body till I'm facing the ground, white clouds disappear and the city’s layout slowly comes into view. It looks beautiful from up here, but I don’t care. I have maybe ten seconds or less before I hit the ground. The building and other things on the ground are rapidly getting bigger, I become more frightened and before I can decide whether I want to cry or not, tears begin to spill out of my eyes, getting blown away as soon as it leaves the eyes. I close my eyes and create a picture of my mom in my head, and wait for the big impact.
How tragic it will be to die on no other day but my birthday. If Paul survives, how will he explain to my mom he foolishly threw me out of the plane and I foolishly let him? How will Kim deal with the fact that I will no longer be in her life? Sam, Peter, I should never have wanted to go Nevada for some stupid five hundred feet hole in the ground, should have stayed home with my mom. This is all my fault.
I hear two gunshots, I open my eyes, but instead of worrying about the gunshots, I see how close I am to the ground and my heart jumps––the fading black of the asphalt, with broken white stripes in the middle. I can't believe I’m going to die in the middle of a freaking road, and it’s not even a road accident.
Something hits me from behind, and then a pair of hand goes around me under my arms. I squirm and scream so loud my voice cracks.
“It’s okay Steven, it’s me.” A voice says coolly into my ear and I recognize it, it’s my dad. 
My body jerks upward in his arms, as if being pulled toward the sky, and then we come down slowly. I sniff and try to relax my heartbeat. I look around, trying to be certain this isn’t me hallucinating at the point of dying, it isn’t. A smile creeps up on my face. 
“Dad.” I finally say. Just when I think it's over, when I think he doesn't have a plan, he comes and he saves me.
When we’re about six feet from the ground, he let go of me. I hit the ground on my feet and stumble and fall hard on my palms, and then I roll on my back. He touches the ground as hard as I did. He hurries out from under the parachute’s canopy as if something might get him if he stays there a second longer. I throw my hands around him and try not to cry. He pulls back, holding my arms tightly and scanning me from head to toes.
“Are you hurt?”
“No, I’m fine.”  I say.
“We survived the fall,” he says, slightly smiling. “But I’m afraid it’s not over. You’re a man now Steven and you have to be strong and prepared for what might happen to us down here.”
I nod and wipe tears off my eyes. We look around. There are really messed up dead bodies all around, and they are not from the fall. We are in the middle of a road.  Whatever it was that happened on the plane, it’s not just on the plane, it's down here too. Whatever here used to be, it’s something else now; a city redesigned with blood and bullet holes. 
“What’s going on dad? Where are we?”
“I’m not sure exactly where, but we’re in Ohio.” He looks tensed and scared in a brave way. “I think there’s been an outbreak.”
“A virus outbreak?”
He removes his phone from his pocket and dials a number.  He looks at me, “Your mom,” he says. “She’s not answering.”
He dials on the phone again. “Faye, Faye, it’s me Paul. What the hell is going on?” 
I move close to him so I can hear the conversation. 
“Paul,” a female voice says over the phone, but it’s not my mom’s voice. “I have been trying to reach you, but we're not allowed to make calls.”
“What is going on Faye? Things have gone insane out here. Are we under attack?”
“Under attack, I think yes.”
“Attack from where? Korea? Russia?”
“Paul,” she pauses. I can hear the depth of her sigh from where I’m standing. “What I’m about to tell you is classified, but I figured it out on my own as I’m guessing most agents have too. There are three carriers in three parts of the planet, and as of right now they are moving strictly essential humans to the carriers for evacuation. The ships will depart in ten hours, and I managed to secure space for you and your family.”
“Carriers? Departing to where?”
“To Mars Paul, to Mars.”
He frowns. “Mars?”
“Yes. This threat is classified ‘big omega’, and the only way to survive is to get out.”
“If this outbreak is as bad as you say, ten hours is enough for the entire population to be infected.”
“Some people have shown strong resistance to the virus, and their blood is being used is to create serums for only the essential population, which will make them immune long enough for us to get us off the planet. I would have told you earlier, but only agents with active assignments and their families are allowed to be evacuated, and everyone is being constantly monitored to avoid people bringing their non-essential friends and relatives onboard.”
“This is crazy,” he says. “Where are you now?”
“Sunflower, it’s the carrier.” She says. The two of them remain silent for a few seconds.
“I’ll keep in touch,” Paul finally says.
“Paul, wait. Please, you have to make it.”
He exhales. “I’ll try Faye.”
He hangs up and our eyes meet.
“We’re about four to five hours from D.C, we need to get off the street.”
“No,” I say. “What we need to do is get back home to mom.”
He looks around warily. “Yes, but we can only do that if we’re alive, and standing in the middle of a bloody street won’t do us any good.”
He is right. Something about him is making my stomach rumble. He no longer appears the docile physics teacher and dad I know. He should be freaked out of his mind right now just because he's standing in the middle of a bloody bullet-holed street, but he suddenly knows how to use a parachute, and he clearly isn’t freaked out at all, only worried. Plus he just spoke with a very close friend I have never heard of. I’m going to ask him a whole lot of questions, but first, we have to get to safety.
He moves down the street and I follow. We stick close to the building walls which I think is a bad idea, but he thinks it reduces our chances of getting discovered. So far, we haven’t seen or heard anyone or anything, not anyone that’s still living. No sound, everything is just absolutely––
A high-pitched sound thunders through the sky, and a ground shaking explosion follows. I stumble and fall in shock. A large airplane is going down on a skyscraper, burning, with thick cloud of smoke billowing above it. I look around the visible sky, making sure no other airplane is coming down on us.
“Where is everybody?” I whisper.
“Dead, alive and infected, or alive and running for their lives.” Paul says.
I hear a faint sound that resembles the sound of a crying baby. We follow the sound to the alley and find a car with its engine running. The cry is coming from inside the car. Paul and I look at each other and move carefully toward the car. We get to the car and find a baby wrapped in a blue piece of cloth in the back seat.  Paul pulls the cloth away from the baby’s face, and jerks back. It’s a girl and she’s infected. Thick black veins all around her face, and her eyes blank black. She stops crying when she sees us, and her toothless gums begin to close and open, and her hands and legs moving about. Just like the grownup black-eyeds, she is trying to get a mouthful of us. I hear a sound and look back. A black-eyed man is inching toward us. I have never seen any of the infected moves so slowly.
“Dad,” 
Two black-eyeds zap past the slow black-eyed and in seconds, they are almost on us. Paul shoves the black-eyed baby out of the car and pulls me in. He moves to the driver seat, shoves the gear stick and hits the gas pedal, the engine rolls loud, but the car is not moving. The three black-eyeds are now around the car, pummeling their bodies at the window, trying to get to us. The black-eyeds double and then more and in seconds, there is about ten of them around the car. The windows are cracking, and it won’t be long before they get in.
“We have to get out,” says Paul.
“There’s too many of them.”
“There’s only going to be more. If we don’t go now, we won’t have a chance.”
“Do we have a chance now?”
He looks deeply at me as if he’s about to reveal a secret, then he nods. “You push the door with everything you got and don’t stop until you get to that truck.” He points his finger to a pickup truck about a hundred meters from here, I nod.
He opens his door and I open mine. I knock two black-eyeds down with the door, creating space to escape through, and then I run, and they follow me. Two half-naked black-eyeds appear ahead, coming toward me. I continue to run toward the two black-eyeds. When I get close enough, the closest black-eyed dives at me, I do the exact move Paul did on the plane, I step slightly out of the black-eyed's way and rock my fist to his jaw. He drops, but doesn’t pass out like I want him to, but he’s not finding it easy to get back up. The second black-eyed lunges at me, I kick him on the chest and he falls on his back, I fall too and quickly get back up. He throws himself at me and I duck, but I’m not fast enough. His body collides with mine and he falls over me, my back on the floor. He brings his mouth down at my face, his teeth closing and opening. My left hand finds something on the ground, I take it whatever it is and shove it into his mouth; it is a coke can. He bites down on the can and immediately forgets about me, looking at the can as if he’s discovering something new. I push him off me and get up, he’s still busy biting on the can. The other black-eyed I knocked down earlier is back up. He rockets himself at me from behind, knocking me down. I get up before he can cover me, running my feet at his face. I run, he follows. I gain a few meters lead, then I stop and turn around. He dives at me and once again I step slightly out of his way and with all of my strength, rock my fist to his jaw. He goes down, still and breathless. I think he’s out, but I don’t wait to confirm it. As I run, intense pain shoots up my arm, but I don’t let it bother me. 
I glance over my shoulder and see my dad surrounded by black-eyeds, and then I hear gunshot upon gunshot.
Black-eyeds right behind me, I get to the truck and run straight inside, slamming the door behind me. The black-eyeds begin to pummel themselves at the truck, bleeding all over the window glass. I hear gunshots, and each time it sounds, a black-eyed goes down. One by one they fall to the ground till I don’t see them anymore. The door opens and Paul springs in, slamming the door. 
“Does it work?”
“What?” I say, quivering.
“The truck,” he scowls, looking a little disappointed, not by the truck, but me.
“I didn’t check.” I say, looking out the window.
He moves his hand to the ignition and it finds the key. He turns it and the engine starts. He shifts the gear stick, presses the gas pedal and the truck moves.
Finally, we are in a working vehicle and we're driving out of this city. We run black-eyeds over every time one pops up in front of the truck. Some of them are running after the truck. I watch them in the side mirror as they relentlessly try to catch up, even though they are all exhausted. One by one, they stumble and fall when their legs could no longer bear the stress.
“I figured you’ve figured the way home,” I say, still looking into the side mirror.
“Yes.” 
I take the phone and dial our home line, but no one answered. I dial my mom’s personal line, she still doesn’t pick up. Something is definitely wrong over there.
“Whatever this is, it’s everywhere isn’t it?” I say.
“Yes it is.”
“So that guy on the plane wasn’t a terrorist,”
“Um um,” he shakes his head.
I open the glove compartment, there's a revolver in it. I take it and check if it’s loaded, it is. I put it back.
“You should hold on to that,” he says.
“I know. Who was that woman on the phone?”
“That, that was Faye, she’s a friend.”
“She’s not just a friend dad, she’s a very dear friend. And what bothers me is not how dear you obviously are to each other, but that I've never heard of her. Why is that dad?” I look into his eyes, like I’m digging into his deepest secrets.
“Steven, there is so many things I promised myself to tell you when we get to Nevada, things about me that your mother doesn’t know. I know you’ve seen me do things today, things you didn’t think I could do, and son, that’s because I’m not really a physics teacher, that’s just a cover. I’m a CIA operative.”
I raise my eyebrows in surprise. “Really?” he nods. “Well that explains your ability to handle guns.”
“Yes, it does. It wasn’t easy keeping all of it from you and your mother, especially you. It’s why I was going to tell you everything.”
“So that woman, Faye, it’s not like you’re having an affair with her,”
He shakes his head and nervously taps his finger on the steering wheel. “Actually, we are. All those times I traveled to Africa for summits, I was on missions. She’s my partner. At first, we were just really close, but it got deeper. I love her Steven.”
“And mom?”
“You know she always comes first.”
“That’s not what I’m asking. Do you still love her?”
“As ever.”
“Then you know you have to end it.”
He heaves a sigh. “I know.” He says.
“Your friend Faye, she said something about carriers and Mars.”
“Yeah she did. She said we’re evacuating to Mars, but we have to make it to the carrier on time.”
“What is sunflower?”
“Sunflower is a code name for the Washington Monument.”
“So, you’re a spy,”
“Yes, I am.”
After five hours on the road, we enter D.C and drive straight to our house. There are dead bodies everywhere on the street. I see people I know running around for their lives, screaming for help. 

We arrive at the house. The front door is open. I jump out of the truck before it fully stops and run into the house. I hear gunshots. I make my way to the living room. Mom is there, surrounded by many black-eyeds, shooting at them, and she's backed against the wall, trapped. There are so many of them and she can’t shoot them all. Paul begins to shoot, taking some of the attention away from her, but most of the black-eyeds stay with her. I pull a flowerpot from the wall and hit it to the head of a black-eyed coming at me, the flower pot shatters. I try to fight my way to her, but there is too many of them.
“Steven!” she screams. “Go!”
She continues to shoot, and then she stops, looking at me. “I love you,” she says, crying. 
She turns the gun to her own head and right there in front of me, she squeezes the trigger. The sound of the shot fills me as I watch my mother go down, never to get up again. I feel my heart stop. She hits the floor and the black-eyeds go down on her, scraping on her with nails and teeth. I close my eyes and my entire body goes numb and I start to fall. Paul takes me and hauls me toward the door. My strength returns.
“No!” I scream bitterly till my lungs are empty of air.
Paul pulls me out of the house, shooting black-eyeds all the way. We run into the garage. He looks for the car key in the key box. I set the toolbox on the table, scatter its content and disassemble the box itself. I find a pistol in it. I check and see it’s loaded and fill my pockets with ammo. Paul stares at me, but I don’t stare back.
“How long have you known that was there?”
“I’ve always known.” I finally look at him, not as a sixteen-year-old boy who needs to be protected or told what to do by his father, but as a sixteen-year-old man who just watched his mother blew her own brains out.
“We should go now,” Paul says coolly.
We enter the car and drive, heading for Sunflower, the code name for the Washington Monument. We drive between buildings to avoid drawing attention to ourselves, but that don’t do us any good. The other end of the small road we are on is crowded with black-eyeds, but they are not running, they are walking, slowly, which is good, at least.
“They are grouping?” I say. “It’s why that place in Ohio was empty, they are finding themselves.”
Paul shifts the gear to 'R' and hits on the gas pedal and the car begins to reverse. The usual fast aggressive black-eyeds pour out from the other end of the road behind us, their creepy croak filling the air. Paul finds a small opening between two buildings and drives into it, hoping it's big enough, but it isn't. The car gets stuck between the buildings.
From here, we see the main road and my jaw drops when I see what is out here. There are thousands of them out here, moving together like water flow. We can’t drive through them because there's too many of them, and we can’t go back. My heart begins to pound, and immediately, I’m considering putting the gun to my head and pulling the trigger, like my mom did. Then one question crawls up my mind; why haven’t we become one of these things? I saw it in the plane, it’s not physical contact, it’s airborne whatever it is, and we’ve been around it long enough to catch it, why haven’t we? Why did most of our neighbors turned and my mom did not? That curiosity makes me want to stay alive. And since dead people don’t get answers, I have to survive to get my answers. Mom would want me to survive. I open the door and spring out like someone with a plan, but I have none.
“What are you doing?” Paul growls quietly.
I look around for a moment, asking myself the same question in my mind––what am I doing?––I get an idea. “We’re surrounded by tall buildings, we have a better chance of escaping this flood if we go inside.”
I don’t know if it is humanly possible to process information that fast, but he opens the door and springs out as soon as I’m done talking, he gets my point. We run to the nearest building, making out footsteps as quiet as we can. The black-eyeds are unaware of our presence, and we’ll like to keep it that way. We get to the door of the building and push, but it won’t open. Paul pushes harder and I kick, but it still doesn’t open. Paul takes two steps away from the door and looks at me, like he's waiting to see what my decision will be in this situation, then I realize, he's been doing it all along, I just haven't noticed. I draw my pistol, rack the slide and put four bullets into the glass of the door. The glass cracks, but stays together. I run into it, crashing down, and shards falling on and around me. I get up immediately and run, and he follows. 
The black-eyeds turn their heads in unison when they hear the gunshots, and they charge in our direction, their creepy sound more disturbing than ever. We enter the building and they follow. We find the elevator and run into it. I hit the button to the seventh floor, the last floor. They are gaining on us fast and the freaking elevator door is crawling. Damn! I hate elevators. I pull out my gun and hold it out, tightening my grip on the handle every second. They are now very close, and some of them will definitely get to us before the door is completely shut. I shoot, a black-eyed drops, then I shoot again and again, dropping black-eyeds after black-eyeds. Paul pulls his gun and starts to shoot too. The elevator door finally closes. I hit the button again.
Paul stares at me as he tries to slow down his breath. “Since when do you know how to shoot a gun?”
“Since Andy Davids?”
“Andy Davids? That kid that died two years ago?”
“He was killed,” I correct him. “Andy was killed on his way home from school, and everyone at school was scared, I was, mom too, so she bought a gun. She said if Andy had been taught to be strong, he could still be alive. She’d take me to a gun shop every Friday, and we’d learn how to shoot. I got really good with targets.” I sniff.
“Your mother bought fourteen years old you a gun and taught you how to shoot? And she never mentioned it to me?”
“She said you are too gentle, too rational.  She said you wouldn’t agree. She said and I quote ‘sometimes, you got to be irrational to survive, or you could end up dead like Andy’”
“Jesus,” he mutters. “I guess I’m not the only one with se––”
“Don’t even try dad,” I interrupt. “That was nothing like the things you kept from her. She was scared, and she was trying to protect me, you were away doing missions, and cheating on her.”
The elevator stops and the door slides apart. I raise my gun immediately, him too. We move to the stairs and climb out to the top of the building. 
Out here, the sky is bright and the air feels consuming and easy, and friendly, but our world has changed so much that nothing can be friendly anymore, at least not permanently. For a moment I forget that I’ve spent the last hours running for my life and watched my mom died. I bite my lower lip so hard it bleeds when I remember my mom. I move to the edge and take a look down. I hear Paul stops himself from saying something, probably trying to tell me to be careful. But he must have realized I’m not a kid anymore. 
“What are we doing on the roof?” he asks.
“We’re staying alive,” I say.
“Do you have a plan?”
“Yes, I have a plan.”
I walk to the other side of the roof. The next roof is lower, at thirty feet away. “We jump.” I say.
Paul walks to my side and take a very good look at the distance between the roof we are standing on and the next roof.  
“You think we can jump that?”
“I can. The other roofs are almost connected, so this is going to be the only real jump.”
He looks down between the buildings and shakes his head. “We’re not going to make that.”
“Really? Then let’s make bed here and sleep.” I say. “You’re the spy, you should find these things easy.”
He looks away, stung by my comment.
“You know, I told her once. I told her I was having an affair and she laughed at it, she thought it was a joke. After that I couldn’t bring myself to tell her again.”
“You told her, and yet it continued. What was the point of telling her in the first place? To make her feel bad?” I snap and then calm down.
“No,” he says and sniffs. “I just couldn’t handle keeping so much from her. It was never easy for me Steven.”
I know letting him feel this much guilt will make it hard for him to think straight, which will therefore cut down our chance of surviving, so I decide to change the subject. 
“Dad,” I say coolly. “Why are we not infected?”
“I’m not sure. Faye said some people are immune to the virus. I guess we’re lucky enough to be among those people.”
“You said you’ve seen the symptom before. Where?”
“Back in ’98, I was part of a team that intercepted a mind control technology in Moscow. The tech infects people with a virus and the victims become puppets to whoever is controlling the virus.”
“Controlling the virus?”
“The virus is capable of many things like communicating with an outside signal, converting received messages to impulses, which are then conveyed to the muscles. It is also capable of temporarily shutting down the brain. They called it the Tsar-Virus.”
“Wow,”
“Some of the symptoms were black veins on the face and the back of the neck, and expansion of the black of the eyes. But I can assure you that is not what we’re dealing with here, and I wish it is, but it's not.”
“So what's your job like, awesome?”
“I wouldn’t call it that. It’s fun, but not awesome, not even close, I’m one of the lucky ones though.”
“Lucky?”
“I mean, most agent don’t get to have a real family.” 
I move away from the edge. “I think I get it now. Why that man jumped out of the plane without a parachute, why mom took her own life. I would to you know, if it ever comes to that, if I’m ever backed against a wall, surrounded by black-eyeds. It would become the most logical thing to do.”
“Don’t think about that now Steven. I hope it never comes to that. We can make it to carrier, we will make it.”
His words are soothing, and they help me relax my mind, but I’ve seen enough to know he’s only trying to make me feel better, and he doesn’t have the slightest idea if we’ll ever make it to the carrier.
“That man on the plane,” he adds. “He pulled the door open like it was nothing.”
“Yeah. That's strange right?” I say.
The door that leads to the roof swings open and three black-eyeds squeeze themselves through the small doorway out to the rooftop, running toward us. Paul shoots them down.
We look at each other, “They took the stairs,” I say. He nods.
More black-eyeds pour out. I run to the edge of the roof and jump to the next roof, I barely make it. I grab the edge of the roof and pull myself over, I roll on my back. Paul lands next to me, he jumped better than I did. He helps me up and we run to the other side of the roof. The black-eyeds are not smart enough to jump, so they are falling off the building.
The distance between the roof we are standing on and the next roof is only ten feet max, we jump it easily, and then we continue from roof to roof. On one of the roofs, black-eyeds pour out from the door that leads to the roof. I shoot whenever a black-eyed gets too close. We jump to the next roof and they follow. The distances between the roofs are now barely noticeable, and we are no longer jumping, just running across.
We get to a roof and stop. The next roof is about fifty feet higher, and the building is about twenty-five feet away. Black-eyeds are coming hot, and we have about ten seconds to decide on what to do. Paul bends, his hands on his knees, he’s trying to catch his breath.
“It’s a dead end.” I say.
“No, it’s not. You’re going to watch and do exactly what I’m about to do.”
He aims his gun at one of the windows on the next building and shoots twice. The bullets shatter the glass of the window. He shoves his gun into his waistband, takes two steps back and runs. He reaches the edge and he jumps. He goes down to the next building and falls in through the window he shot. He gets up and beckons me to come over. I shove my gun under my waistband, take five steps back, take a deep breath and run. When I reach the edge, I throw myself with all the strength I can summon. I begin to fall, screaming. As I get closer to the window, I realize I’m going to miss the window, but I can still grab the windowsill. I hold out my hands, ready to grab. My hands touch and slip off the sill. I begin to fall, but a hand grabs me on the arm. I look up, and Paul smiles down at me, his face turning red from struggling to hold my weight. He pulls me up the window and I collapse on him. He puts his hands around me tightly, he’s hugging me, but I’m too shocked to hug him back.
I get up, my hands and legs shivering. Pieces of the broken window glass are in my palms. He pulls them out for me, and it hardly hurt because I can barely feel my hands.
“We have to move now,” he says.
We find the elevator and ride to the ground floor. The elevator door opens and suddenly, a loud bang fills my head. My shoulder stings, and then intense pain rushes in and then I don’t feel my left arm anymore. 
I notice a change in my angle and then something hits the side of my head. I blink and when I open my eyes, the floor appears right beside my face. What’s happening to me? I think, trying to voice it out, but my lips are numb. My head and half of my body are in great pain, and my left arm feels dead cold. I look down to the arm and see thick red liquid streaming out of it, just above the elbow. It is blood, my blood. I hear two gunshots, and then the floor vibrates slightly as if something heavy lands on it. I manage to move my head and see a woman on the floor, bleeding, and it all makes sense. She shot me, and now she’s dying, or dead. Paul shot her.
“Help her!” I scream.
Paul kneels beside me and carefully attends to my wounded arm. He presses his thumb into the bullet hole, and I feel his thumb touch the bullet, and he removes his finger. He takes the hem of his shirt and rips a part of it. He ties the piece of cloth around the wound and helps me to my feet.
“Help her,” I say.
“She’s dead,” he replies. 
We hurry out of the building before black-eyeds find the source of the noises the guns made. We find a working car and find our way to a black-eyed-less road. I keep seeing that woman in her own blood and I keep trying to make the picture go away. I know he shot her not because he wanted to, but because he had to.
It’s not long before the Washington Monument appears ahead, but still a little far away. The closer we get to the building the more it appears less a building and more of a space rocket, and it is many times bigger than I remember. 
 “Isn't supposed to be the Washington Monument?” I ask.
Paul looks as surprised as I am. 
One of the car's tires bursts and the car slows down to a stop. I remove my gun from my waistband and reload. We get out of the car. Dead bodies everywhere. The carrier is only a few minutes’ walk now. I hear the sound of a helicopter, but I don’t see any helicopter. I hear thick gunshots, different from the ones I’ve heard before. Paul pulls me close and we take cover beside the car.
“What?” I say.
“They’re shooting the black-eyeds.”
That is bad. If they are shooting black-eyeds from way up there, it will be difficult to tell the difference between the black-eyeds and normal people like us. They will shoot us down before we can get close to the carrier. We move along the side of the road, through several dead bodies, keeping our heads down and staying out of the helicopter’s sight. Dead bodies don’t scare me anymore.  We take cover in the woods by the road and cross over to the other side. From here, we see the carrier in totality. It’s about a thousand feet high and it’s big. and awesome.
“I can’t believe the Washington Monument has always been a spaceship in disguise.” I say.
“Not always.”
The carrier is surrounded by steel fence. We find a rock out in the open, we run for it and take cover behind it. It hides us from the helicopter. We wait until the helicopter turns away, then we run for a bus and take cover beside it. The helicopter’s sound gets louder. We move into the bus and stay quiet.
Paul takes his phone and dials. I hear the creepy croaking sound close by, I look out the window and see twelve black-eyeds looking up at the helicopter and following it. The helicopter sees them and begins to shoot at them. The gunner must have poor aiming skill because the thick bullets are flying everywhere instead of simply going at the black-eyeds. 
“We have to run, they’re gonna kill us.” I whisper.
Paul shakes his head. “We stay here,” he says.
Two bullets enter through the roof and hit the chairs, blowing through the foams and raising foam dust. We stare at each other. More bullets come in. I raise my head slightly and peek out the window. The twelve black-eyeds are dead on the ground but the gunner is still shooting. I guess he wants to be thorough. He must have had zero close encounter with the black-eyeds, or he would know they don’t hide. They hear a sound or see movement, they just follow.
“Stay down!” Paul yells with a whisper.
More bullets are hitting the roof and everywhere around us. Paul keeps his eyes on me and keeps telling me to stay absolutely still. I do. Bullets keep coming in through the roof and the windows, hitting the floor between and beside my legs, but none of them touch me or him.
After a few seconds, the shooting stops and the helicopter’s sound slowly fades.
“Faye, it’s me. We’re outside the fence, and we’re getting fired at.”
“Paul?” she sounds relieved to hear his voice. “Where are you?”
“In a bus, right outside the fence.”
“With your family?”
“Mary didn’t make it.”
“I’m so sorry Paul. Stay where you are, I’ll come get you.”
“Okay. Don’t be long, it’s crazy out here.”
He hangs up. “We have to stay here,” he says. “She’ll come get us.”
We stay in the bus, looking out every time we hear a sound. Paul keeps assuring me that Faye is doing everything she can to get us inside.
“This attack, I heard Faye mention something about it not originating from this planet. Is this an alien invasion?” I ask.
His eyes widens at me, like he does when faced with a challenging question in physics class. He looks away. “What matters Steven, is that we’re under attack, and we have to survive.”
“The president knew this would happen.”
“What makes you say that?”
“Why else would an historical structure be converted to a spaceship?” He does not respond. “You know, there’s a big part of me that’s excited that we’re going to Mars.”
“Yeah, me too.” He says, smiling.
I hear the creepy croaking again, but this time, it’s louder, thicker and coming fast, and it’s accompanied by several stumping. I look out the window and see so many black-eyeds coming toward the fence, so many of them that I cannot count, they must be in thousands
“Oh god no!” Paul yelps. He calls Faye on the phone, but she doesn't pick up. 
The helicopter begins to shoot at the black-eyeds, and then three more helicopters appear. There are so many black-eyeds that I don’t think the helicopters will be able to stop them, and the people in the helicopters are too stupid to see that it’s the sound of their engines that is attracting the black-eyeds. One of the helicopters drops a bomb on the black-eyeds, blowing many of them to pieces.
The explosion shatters the windows and knocks the bus over. Two black-eyeds crawl in through the broken windows. I shoot them on the head, and more and more come in, squeezing themselves through the tight space. I put my feet together and hit the cracked window beside me. The crack spreads, but the glass still holds. The black-eyeds are already in the bus, crawling toward us, and if I don’t break this window, we will be trapped. I hold my gun at the glass and pull the trigger. The bullet explodes out of the gun and hits the glass, breaking it to pieces. Paul is shooting at the black-eyeds, but there are too many of them. I crawl out and pull him with me.
We make it out of the bus and run, black-eyeds coming after us as vicious as ever. 
One of the helicopters sees us and turns its guns on us and begins to fire. We run, bullets piercing the ground all around us. We run toward the fence. Ahead, I see five black-eyeds getting electrocuted by the fence.
The helicopters are throwing more bombs at the black-eyeds, and the explosions are causing thick fog of smoke and dust. The helicopter above us stops shooting. They must have lost sight of us now that we’re covered in thick fog. I know they won’t throw bombs at us because we’re too close to the fence. I look around, and I barely see Paul, but I manage to make out his hand from within the fog, and I grab it and we keep running. We reach the fence and stop. We turn around, our backs facing the fence. The fog makes it impossible to see beyond twenty feet away. I feel my pocket with my hand to gauge how much ammo I have left. Paul takes out the phone and tries Faye’s line again, but she still does not pick up. 
I see a shape move in the fog, I hold out my gun. A black-eyed charges out from the fog. Before I can shoot her, she dives at me. I clutch the sides of her head and turn with it, sending her face to the ground and my right knee on her back. I put two bullets in the back of her head and she becomes still. I get up and turn around immediately, ready for another round. Two more dives at out at me. I shoot one and fall beneath the other. She raises her head up, mouth opened, teeth opening and closing and she brings it down at my face. I shove the mouth of my gun in her mouth and pull the trigger three, four times. Her blood splatters all over my face. Paul pulls the body off of me and pulls me up. Five black-eyeds are lying dead behind him. 
The croaking gets louder. We step back. We both know that no matter how bravely we fight, they will get us. But there is a better option. I look back at carrier and look at Paul and I know he is thinking exactly what I’m thinking. 
The fog is clearing out, and now I see how close the black-eyeds are; only a few seconds away. Paul holds my hand tight and we embrace, tears running down my cheek.
“I love you dad,” I say.
“I love you too.” He replies, his face frowned and wet with tears.
I raise my gun and put it to the side of my head and he does the same. Something lands between us and the coming black-eyeds. Half of it sinks into the ground and half sticks out. It is a pod about the size of a little dog, or the size of a bomb, but it cannot be a bomb, because at this range, it will destroy the fence, and they don’t want that. Something about it feels strange. It is smooth with glowing lines around its top and middle. The top part of the pod hisses open and the pod divides into three parts, each of the parts begins to spin in opposite direction of the other. It slowly separates from itself, leaving five inches gap between each part. I am so focused on the strange pod that I completely forget about the black-eyeds. And even now that I remember, I still cannot  bring myself to look away from the pod. It glows, clicks and explodes, sending a glowing wave in every direction. Paul pulls me down flat on the ground. The wave touches and moves past us, it feels cold. 
Seconds later, I raise my face from the sand, the wave is gone and the pod is back together and it looks dead. I notice something up in the sky right above us, I look up and see a big object with faint lights on its belly hovering quietly above us, it’s a ship. The sight of the strange looking ship gives me goose bumps and a lasting chill. It is like nothing I’ve seen before; it is striking, and definitely alien.
“Dad,” I call quietly. He’s already seeing it too. The pod clanks back on and shoots up at the ship and in a blink of an eye, the ship is gone.
I look toward the black-eyeds, they are all on the ground, not moving. I get up on my feet and move toward them slowly. Paul calls me, but I don’t answer. I don’t know why I’m moving toward them, but I have a feeling that whatever that ship just did, it’s not evil.
As I get closer, I see a movement among them, and then more movements. I stop, my eyes wide open, chest pumping, thinking whether I should still be here or I should be running back to Paul. What's left of the fog clears out and I hear the voice of a little girl. “Mommy,” she says. 
I move a little closer, my gun ready to go off if it needs to. A man moves toward me, and just as I am expecting, hoping, his eyes are normal, and the black veins are gone, only a trail of it left on his face. He is looking around, exhausted and confused. I look back at Paul, he’s already behind me.
The people I once referred to as black-eyed, people who were ready to tear me apart minutes ago are now normal again, or at least, they look normal. They walk around, moving away from one another, probably wondering how they got here. 
Paul’s phone rings. “What’s going on out there?” Faye asks from the phone.
“I think––it’s over Faye, it is over.” He hangs up. He puts his hands on my shoulders, looking into my eyes. “I’m proud of you son.” He hugs me. His body presses my wound enough that it hurts, but I don’t mind. I hug him back.
Together, we walk into the once insane crowd. 
I don’t know what really happened here, I don’t think anyone does. But my best guess is aliens tried to destroy us, aliens saved us.
Now that I’m no longer being chased by a bunch of crazy people with black eyes, now that the adrenaline has faded, I have time to think about my loss, my mom. I am suddenly filled with intense grief and emptiness. Paul puts his hand over my shoulder and pulls me closer, just what I needed. I look over the horizon, the orange sun is setting, and for the first time in several hours, something feels good to me again. A flash of green light appears briefly over the horizon, and then it’s gone. 
###


