Seven

By Matthew Fortuna







Ricky turned to check the exhaust on his exobike. He turned the knob, changing the power converter out to full. The others would find him if he kept this amount of energy output for long, but it was worth the risk. 
There had been an explosion some distance off when Ricky had been helping a customer put a few refurbished parts in his broken arm, rewiring the singed pieces to the new hardware. He’d just been retracting the precision circuit solder when a light passed through the sky and crash landing behind a few hills of slag metal. 
He’d locked up fast, thanking the customer for his service, and grabbed his exobike.
A few other robots had noticed too, and so it was paramount he made his way there first to salvage what he could before the others tore it apart. 
The wheels slipped and dug in to the hard surface, jetting the exobike forward. Ricky’s hands held fast, keeping the bike on the right trajectory. 
A chaotic scene unfolded as the hills slowly sank beneath his view. A fire had broken out, catching on the waves of propane that sifted on the wind, and giving some indication of what lay beneath. 
Ricky sped down the slope, just missing a drill cave as he made his way through the wreckage that scattered from the crashed object. The fire burned hot as he came close, but Ricky pulled his exobike right through the flame, parking just behind the burning wreck.
He stepped down, grabbing a salvaging unit from his bike and strapping it to his back. A few welding bots had already made it first, tearing at the hull of an aged spacefaring capsule of some kind. 
He made his way past, carefully pushing the bots aside as he searched for the hatch leading in. 
A voice called him from behind.
"Hey. Scrap collector. You’ve got a second?" It was one of the larger welder bots. Ricky noticed a probe dangling awkwardly from its shoulder, obviously broken.
"Just a second. I want to get in before the others get here. Can you wait until then?"
The robot seemed to grunt. "Yeah, sure."
"My service station is just over the hill so wait for me there if I take too long."
"Huh. Sure thing."
Ricky found the hatch. "Is there going to be a problem if I don’t fix it before this job is done?"
"No, it should be fine. Nothing critical."
Ricky looked back. "Good luck with the alloy. This stuff looks old, nothing I have not seen this a long time."
"Huh. It’s got some use left. I need a few panels for my acid rain shelter. This will be fine."
"Good to hear." 
A small latch was keeping the door closed. Ricky turned it, finding the resistance much less than expected. He opened the hatch, starting a relatively simple light filtrating subroutine to better scan the contents of the craft.
There wasn’t much of use. A single broken standard class robot was seated in the pilot’s seat just to the left of the hatch, covered in some kind of protective material. To the right, a broken windshield monitor was sparking, giving off trace video feed from the cameras on the outer shell.
The monitors were still useful, but there wasn’t a way to carry them back. Ricky decided not to touch them. 
His thoughts turned back to the broken robot in the pilot’s chair. There was something odd about the way it was shaped, if only just slightly out of proportions to any model he’d seen before.
Ricky decided not to pursue any suspicions as his job was to fix robots with whatever he could. He grabbed as many useful items as he could; a few wires, some plastic tubes of some kind, a few circuit panels, and a couple rods. He glanced halfway to the broken robot. Just registering a slight twitch in the fingers.
Ricky hesitated, unsure if fixing this robot was an entirely great idea. But, a sub process reminded him that his soul purpose was to fix the robots of the world, not leave them behind. A second part agreed, but wanted only to use the scrap pieces for other things. 
He made a decision. Taking the robot from its place in chair. It was much lighter than he was expecting, and much floppier. 
He made his way back outside, pushing past several other desperate robots who’d been held back by Ricky’s legs being in the way. A few of them glanced curiously at the figure draped over his shoulder, but they quickly lost interest.
He spotted the welder bot from before and made his way towards the growing pile of scrap. 
"How is your probe?" Ricky asked.
"Not good. It fell off."
"Where is it?"
"I set it over next to the scrap pile where- Hey!" A small scavenging robot had been examining the probe in its grippers. It looked up, startled. "Put that back! It’s my probe so leave off!"
The scavenger put it down and scampered off.
"So was it just lose and fell off?"
"Yeah, more or less."
"I can fix it right now if you’d like."
"Huh. That’s nice of you, but you seem kind of busy at the moment. And I’ve got some scrap to collect."
"Sure. I’ll be back at the service station if you need me."
"Yeah, sure thing."
Ricky made his way into the rut left behind by the capsule where he’d parked his exobike. Nothing had touched it since he’d went off, and he gently put the broken robot down on the seat.
He didn’t bother taking the scavenging unit off his back. He revved the engine back to life, but kept the power converter at low, not needing an extra bit of speed. 
The robot seemed to be rebooting slowly, starting at the extremes and making small movements as it became aware of its surroundings. Ricky pat the robot on its bubbly head. 
The exobike bumped over the landing rut from the capsule as he cleared his way through the gathering crowd of robots. Many of them turned and waved in greeting and looked on curiously at his unusual cargo. Ricky waved back as best he could while holding the inert robot to the seat.
He passed over the slag heap hills slower than before, carefully riding around the drilled cave, and coming to a halt outside his service station. There were a few boxy robots and a feminine standard class model waiting in line outside.
"Sorry for the wait. I was down at the crash site."
"No hurry." The feminine robot responded. "I was the first one here, and it’s been only a short while."
"And you are?"
"You can call me Crystal." She put a hand to the hearing slits alongside her head where a clear crystal had been set.
"Nice to meet you Crystal. I’m Ricky." Ricky put his hand up in greeting. "Now excuse me while I open shop again."
Ricky set the exobike on its peg and hefted the clothed robot back over his shoulder before unlatching the door and propping it open.
"We’ve just recently had a shipment of spare parts from across the slag heaps, and I’ve got a few new pieces from that ancient wreck that just came down."
"Anything useful?" One of the boxy robots asked.
"Maybe not. The hardware is too old to be compatible, but I might be able to pull it apart and see what I can do. Some should make good collector’s items though if you’re in to that kind of thing."
"Maybe." Crystal said.
"That’s nice to know. Are you a big collector?"
"Yes. Of some things here and there. Nothing exquisite or exotic. Just a few select trinkets I’ve come across over time."
"Huh. What generation are you?"
"Newer. More recent than you I’m guessing. You’re covered in relics. You put that shell together yourself?"
"Nah. Just the way I was built. Kind of a throw together job actually. Older generation robot and all that."
"I like older robots. They seem to carry themselves with more dignity than the younger generations."
"Well, I’m glad you’re a fan. But on to business. What can I do for you?"
Crystal turned her head. "I’m missing an arm plate. Can you replace it?"
"Yeah, sure. Just a moment. I need to see if I’ve still got a few lying around."
Ricky went in to the back room and came back with a pile of arm plating. He set them on the counter.
"These are all the plates I’ve got that’ll fit a standard class robot. Gender neutral as far as I can tell."
"Really? Gender neutral huh." She held up a piece that was slightly thicker than the other ones. "This belonged to a male, standard class with ligament to motor enhancements."
"Huh."
"You can tell because of the way the screw ports are a little crooked. They didn’t fit in right when the enhancements were added."
"Well, I’ve got to hand it to you. I’m impressed."
"That’s not all. The robot this came from was an older issue, one of the original generation. Do you see this marker here on the inner lining? It means the robot served during the time of the humans."
"How did you learn how to interpret these things?"
"I once knew a robot who wore this kind of plating. In fact, he was the only one left when I met him."
"Sorry to hear he’s all but gone."
"Well, life goes on as they used to say. Nothing to be done about it."
A sharp movement from the clothed robot caught the attention of everyone in the room.
"Just a second. Keep digging through until you find what you want. I need to deal with this one."
Ricky left Crystal to find an arm plate, and went to check on the robot. He was thrashing about now, and clawing at the bubble on his head.
Ricky tried to help, but by the time he’d moved to stop the robot from hurting itself, it was too late. The bubble head came off, revealing some kind of primitive shell underneath with wires coming out of its head. He tried putting the robots head back on, but the arms blocked it away.
"Get off me freak!"
"I’m trying to help you. You pulled your head off. It should not come off like that."
Crystal snapped a steel arm plate on the hole in her forearm. "He doesn’t seem to like his head, does he?"
"What are you? Some kind of robot?" The clothed robot said, some kind of wire trim moving above his optical sensors.
"I need you to power down while I check your vitals. You seem to be suffering from some kind of malfunction in your logical circuitry. Here, lie down. Ill fix you. I’m a service bot. Standard class like you."
"No. Get away from me. You are not like me. Not at all. I want you to leave me alone."
"Please don’t fight."
"Where am I? And what are you?"
"Standard class, service bot. older generation. You’re in my service station. You’re safe."
"Service station?" The clothed robot seemed confused. "Wait. Where is my ship? What happened? How did I get here?"
A small disturbance started at the door.
"You going to fix my sensor now?" The welder bot said, pushing through the other waiting robots.
"Yes, just a second. I have got a robot here who has lost his memory or is malfunctioning."
"That the one from the space capsule?"
"Yeah."
The clothed robot interjected, "I have NOT lost my memory."
"Huh. Whatta ya know. He talks." The welder came closer. "Seems kind of peculiar though. Is that its shell?" He said, pointing at the bubble the robot had taken off its body.
"Yeah. Just sit still. I want to check you over."
"No way man. Let me get back to my ship. I need to know what happened."
"Err. Your ship is being taken apart for scrap."
"What? Why?"
"It crashed. There’s nothing left for it but spare parts."
"No way." The robot put a hand up to its face. "Where am I?"
"Do you not know? Why were you in that ship?"
"I don’t have to answer that."
"It isn’t that you have to, but if you’re going to get back to where ever you came from, you’re going to need to explain where it is."
The clothed robot threw his arms in the air. "Why am I even talking to you? You probably can’t even help me."
"Eh. This one seems like a waste of time if you ask me." The welder bot said. "Here, move over so someone with real problems can be taken care of." He started towards the clothed robot, but only got a few steps before the other jumped out of the way.
"No, that’s fine. Go ahead." The clothed robot grabbed his bubble head and made his way towards the door. "Thanks for the help I guess. Have a good life and all that."
The clothed robot put the bubble head back on and Ricky went back to the welder bot, relieved.
"Right here?" Ricky asked.
"Yep. Just stick it back together." The welder bot responded.
Just outside, the clothed robot had started climbing the stag heaps out front, stopping once he’d cleared the top. He sat down.
"He doesn’t seem like a bad sort if you ask me, just kind of confused or something."
"Yeah, I will speak more with him when I have taken care of anyone." Ricky snapped the last wire back in place. "You’re good to go."
"Thanks for the service. Could have been a bad trip home. You know how it is with the lady bots, always nagging if yah break something on yourself."
"I’ve heard stories, and life was like that once upon a time."
"What happened? Sounds like a sad story."
"It was nothing that I could have prevented. She died in a pit. Just fell over the edge and disappeared."
There were sympathetic vibes coming from Crystal over by the others.
"Sorry for your loss."
"Come back if you’re ever nearby. I’m open most of the time so don’t feel any hesitation in coming back."
"Sure thing." The welder bot hoisted himself off the repair table and left through the front door.
"Who’s next?"
Only crystal was left by the time all the others had been helped. The clothed robot was still moping around the slag heaps.
"Crystal right?" Ricky asked.
"Yeah. And you’re Ricky."
"I think the robot from the capsule is a little upset. I will try calming him down."
"He doesn’t seem to like talking with you. Do you mind if I try?"
"Sure. I think he would respond better to a more feminine approach."
"My thoughts exactly."
Ricky watched her go. He put his tools away and started organizing the parts he’d found in the crash, sorting them in to their respective compartments in the back room.
He went over to the charging port and checked the cabling. The connection was loose. He pushed the cables in more securely.
Crystal came back in a short while later, the clothed robot trailing behind.
"He decided to stay here." Crystal said.
"I guess I need a direction since my ship is completely destroyed."
"Can you build a new one?"
"Can I?"
Crystal cut in. "He doesn’t seem to understand the engineering behind his ship. Something tells me he’s only proficient in how to operate it."
"Your lady friend is right." He seemed to really take Ricky in for the first time. "What’s up with you? It looks like you’ve been through a war and dragged yourself halfway across the dessert."
"Are you referring to my appearance?"
"He is. He thinks you’re old."
"I am old. One of the older generation. Does that surprise you?"
"How old are you?" The clothed robot asked.
"I am not sure what that question means."
"Like, when were you made? Twenty? Thirty years ago?"
"What is a year?" Crystal asked.
"You really don’t know?"
"Yes." Ricky said.
"Well, judging by Earth standard time. Wait, you know about Earth right?"
"Earth? There is an inhabited planet some distance away, if that is the one you are referring to."
"Err. Maybe. Okay. So the time between these two claps." The clothed robot clapped twice. "Is roughly one second. Okay?"
"Yes."
"And there are sixty seconds in a minute."
"I understand."
"And sixty minutes in an hour. Twenty four hours in a day. And, three hundred and sixty five days in a year, not counting leap year which has one more day every four years, making it a day with three hundred and sixty six days."
"Oh. I understand. According to your data, I would be somewhere between Five thousand eight hundred and thirty two years, and six thousand four hundred and ninety three years. Given the rough estimate in time."
"Geez. No wonder you look like someone ran you over with a truck."
"I would estimate my working time to be approximately a third, or, two thousand one hundred and fifty three years." Crystal added.
"How long have you been working?" Ricky asked.
"Well. To be honest, I’ve basically been working for about thirty five years. So, definitely not as long as the two of you."
"How strange. You seem to function according to parameters that we have not yet encountered." Ricky said.
"I um. Yeah. You could say that."
"What class robot are you?"
"I am human err class."
"Human? You must be from somewhere else. I have never met a human class before. You are very similar to a standard class if I may be so bold."
"Sure yeah. Hey. Do any of you have any edible substances?"
"You mean like raw material?"
"I guess. Can I eat it?"
"I don’t know. Come with me to my storage room. Maybe you will find something there. Crystal. Can I help you with anything else?"
"No, I’ll be leaving now thanks." She turned and left.
"She seems like a total winner. You going to dig some of that cheddar?" The clothed robot asked.
"I am not sure what that means."
"Like, are you going to ask her out on a date or something?"
"I am not sure what that means either. But if you mean that I will seek her attention then yes, that is something I may do."
"Cool stuff. Hey, those are my edible substance tubes." He pointed to some tubes from the crashed ship. "Lucky find." He grabbed all of them and started taking his bubble head off.
"I would advise against taking your head off."
"I’m not taking my head off. I’m getting some air and making my mouth open for eating." He pantomimed putting something in his mouth and chewing.
"Are you some kind of modified collector bot?" Ricky asked.
"Err. Probably not. I don’t think I’m a collector bot anyway." He said, unscrewing the cap off one of the tubes. "More like a garbage disposal bot if you’re in to getting technical." He squeezed the contents of the tube in to his mouth.
"Sorry if this is a rude question, but what is your name? I am Ricky. Standard class service bot. older generation."
"Call me Dale. Full name is Dale Hendricks but yeah, just call me Dale. Human class astronaut."
"Nice to meet you Dale."
"Uhuh. Hey, so you have any robots that come and go from the planet? Like go in to outer space and come back every once in a while?"
"Not many. What robots once went out to space do not anymore. We lost contact with out overseers a long time ago. I am from that time."
"Geez. You really have been around for that long?"
"Yes. There was once a time when we could see the faces of our leaders. The ones they would send down to watch over us and guide us. I was never given the chance to see more than their executive class administrators, but I spoke to one who described what it was like to work with them."
"Yeah, well that sounds like it sucks. I would have issues working for someone I never saw." Dale shrugged. "Not a big deal though."
"So you work for your leaders? You have seen them?"
"Yup. They’re like me. Human. So we get along pretty well. Except for a few. Those guys are jerks."
"Jerks? Does that mean unkind?"
"Sort of. More like they screw with everybody and no one can do anything about it."
"They sound like they make you angry."
"Huh. Didn’t know you understand emotion very well."
"I do. All robots are emotion based. Except for the computers. They run primarily on logic. Only the illusion of emotion is present but they are not really emotions."
"Computers? Like, big information centers that can tell me how to get off this place?"
Ricky was unsure. "I do not know. You will have to ask one yourself. They do not say much except to keep the system online and productive. We do not converse with them outside of a productive context."
"So, can I still go and ask one of these computers anyway?"
"If that is something that you want. They are very far away. I work here in the service station to help the others who cannot reach the computer centers and big robot congregations."
"Well, I don’t really have a choice. Do I?"
"You always have a choice. It is only a matter of how important it is to leave this place."
"Yeah. Got to go. I don’t have much edible substance left."
"The ship you came from is on the way to the nearest computer center."
"Great. I can check if there’s any left. Maybe I’ll find my flight recorder. Figure out where I am."
"If that is something that you wish."
"Yep." He eyeballed the half empty tube in his hand before sticking it back in his mouth and squeezing. "Can’t live without the edible substance tubes."
"Do you not use charging stations to survive?"
"Nope. Well, yeah I guess so. Different kind of station though. More like a horizontal plank that I recharge on."
"This plank must take up much room. Just like my repair platforms."
"Yeah. They’re pretty similar now that you mention it."
"It does not sound efficient."
"Well, depends on how long you use it for."
"Yes. I suppose the duration of the charge does change the position necessary for an efficient recharge."
"Yeah. Say, when can we leave for this computer center?"
"We will leave after I have charged."
"How long will that take?"
"According to your time I require no more than twelve hours. We can leave once I am finished."
"Oh. Great. I’ll be waiting here until then."
"That is fine." Ricky picked the charging cable from the charging station. "I will be here. If you are in need. Press this button on the charge station. I will be alerted."
"Great."
Ricky plugged the cable in to a panel along the bottom of what looked to be his rib cage, leaving his body at a downward angle.
Dale shrugged and left the back room. Whatever light had first shone through the service station windows was now slowly decreasing. He was tempted to leave for his ship and scavenge for parts, but they would be leaving in that direction in the morning. Silently, he wished he could contact home base. He was sure there was some confusion about where he’d gone on approach to that blip on the radar. There was going to be a total riot when he got back with them. 
He shook his head. The guys at HQ were going to fry him alive for crashing their ship. It was a miracle that he survived though so they would be grateful for that. Either that or they’ll congratulate themselves for making such an effective crash safety system. Too bad he blacked out before witnessing the greatness of their engineering feat. That would be a slap to the face for them. Not that he totally disapproved. But when the paperwork started rolling, he’d have to remember the details. Making stuff up wouldn’t do. That would make them all sorts of mad.
It wouldn’t take long to make it back if he followed the motorcycle tracks out in to the dessert area over the heaps of metal stuff. At least, it seemed like it wouldn’t take very long. The truth was, the emptiness of the space between him and the ship was unsettling clean. Almost as if every piece of dirt had been confiscated by something. He grimaced. He’d already thought all this out when he’d gone out to think. But honestly, the only option now was to wait until that Ricky character woke up and follow him to the computer he was talking about. Which reminded him.
Dale sifted his hands through his pockets until he found a small reading device. He turned it on and flipped through a couple stories he’d been meaning to read. He came across one that caught his attention and he sat down on the repair table, making himself comfortable before starting on the first page.
The Story of the Pig and his Fellow Men
By Chris Walters
There was once a pig who lived in the shallow recesses of a tree, hiding from the world in his little haven of peace. He slept for days dreaming about everything and anything that came in to his heart. He wouldn’t do anything about his dreams, but he liked to think that he did all in his power to make them come true and seem important and fulfilled in his heart. 
There were ducks and geese and quite a few farm children who were confused by his seemingly habitual disregard for practicing the great ideas he’d acquired in his sleep. But the pig would always calmly state how he did not need to act because thinking a great thought was worth more than putting that thought in to action. 
The geese didn’t agree and the ducks were quick to judge, the farm children too were confused by this but they agreed because it meant they could go home and laze about because the pig in the tree said thought without action was okay. Obviously the geese got nowhere when they shared their concerns with the pig, the ducks only became red in the face before turning to leave, and the children were disciplined for their disregard for manners and hard work. The pig however continued to sleep in his tree until one day he died of starvation because he thought he did not need to find food if he knew where to find it.
In the end everyone got what they wanted from the pig, and the pig was dead.
The end.
Dale checked the story again to make sure he’d read it right. It was a lot shorter than he’d thought it would be when he’d first started and a lot worse and incredibly, terribly written. He checked the index and found a list of other stories written by a wide range of unadvertised authors. Most of them followed a similar path of logic; disjointed intro followed by terrible logic, and ended with a reasonably unsatisfying ending. He was tempted to delete the entire book, but a cautious note in his head reminded him that he really didn’t have much else to do. He only had a few books left in his repertoire and he didn’t feel like rereading the other stories. It was either that or read the flight operation manuals, and there was something fascinating about the manuals that trumped rereading fiction. 
He flicked back through the list and picked another promising title.
Duplex
By Caleb Reeves
Ben sat down at the table in the cafe. There was something about the way the waiter had watched him when he came in, head bent over the tray he was carrying, eyes following from the corners. He’d seemed startled, almost apologetic, as if he was doing something he felt was wrong, and Ben was the target. 
Ben eased himself in to the padded bench, his back resting against the vinyl. He called the waiter over and ordered a carbonated water. It wasn’t his place to judge on short discrepancies.
The water came after a few minutes with a question. The waiter asked if Ben was eating tonight.
Ben looked over the menu and picked out a few breakfast items. Scrambled eggs and a biscuit, gravy on top. The waiter didn’t question the order. 
They stopped serving breakfast a long time ago, but Ben was a regular.
He took a sip from the glass and set it carefully back on the table. He was here to watch for someone. A certain Kyle Walker who worked in the music shop across the street. 
The food came quickly. Hot, with steam coming up off the eggs. The kitchen staff weren’t cooking anything else like this at night. That meant they’d had to waste dishes. But Ben didn’t care. He’d spotted Kyle. A thin, pencil of a man, with a striped scarf and hair, black as tarmac. Ben figured he was Asian in decent, and he would be right. The report he’d never read that resided in some distant government office building would support that theory.
But Ben wasn’t here to argue ethnicity. He leaned down over his glass and took another sip. 
Dale put the reader down and rubbed his eyes. There had to be something wrong with today’s generation of writers because nothing he’d read recently had any plot to it. Too much had just turned out to be literary fluff to fill space. Authors just trying to make a quick buck by following the old patterns. Nothing new. 
Dale put the reader back in the pocket he’d pulled it from and shifted the odd equipment around on the table until he was lying down. There honestly wasn’t anything left for him to do except cry over how bored he was, but sleep seemed like a much more productive way of spending the next twelve hours. 
He closed his eyes and set his helmet on the disconnected knee of a robots leg. Balancing it before it slid on to the ground. 
There was definitely something strange about the way the robots spoke English, the same as him. It wouldn’t make sense unless there was some connection. That connection however was something Dale wasn’t interested in knowing. 
He’d been on his way from a less inhabited outpost somewhere on the outskirts of Earths solar system when he’d spotted an object sending out a repeater signal a few miles out of his way. He sent a transmission back to the outpost, but the signal from the object caused too much interference. By the time Dale realized he should have waited, he’d lost consciousness. The next thing he’d remembered was waking up in the service station confused.
Dale tried not to think about anything else before drifting off. 

When Ricky rebooted, Dale was putting together some parts; a few pieces of pipe and a piece of sheet metal.
"What are you doing?" Ricky asked.
"Oh! That was quiet. I’m, uh, making a sidecar for your motorcycle."
"Such a thing is not necessary. There is room enough for you and me."
"Right." He set the parts down. "That was a waste of time."
"There is no such thing if the knowledge accrued from such time is learned and applied."
"Err. Yeah."
"Is there anything that you need before we leave?"
"No. Not really."
"You are very strange if you are not entirely sure if you do not need something."
"I need to get home. Pretty much everything else is irrelevant."
"I am curious to know why you speak in indefinite sentences."
"Does it matter?"
"If you are asking if my curiosity is paramount then no. My answer is not paramount."
"Uhuh."
"Let us go."
Ricky stepped down from the platform situated below the recharge station. Dale followed behind as he made his way through the junk scrap littered throughout the room. There were several heads sitting along the wall where Ricky had been trying unsuccessfully to repair their systems. One had been successfully resuscitated, but had left soon after, its mind obviously broken from some unknown cause. Ricky hadn’t been able to retrieve the bot, and it left before he could find out why it was broken. 
Dale didn’t think much of the collection of robot pieces. The only thing on his mind was trying not to step on any of them while avoiding looking at anything too closely. He did wonder however if there were any female robots who’d take a shining to him. He grinned to himself and dismissed the notion.
The door out of the service station was glass, dirty from years of constant use. Oil dripped down the paneling along the side and scratches and dents covered the surface. Ricky was relatively proud of this door. He felt it described his service station perfectly; dinged up and old, but functional. The door didn’t squeak and the hinging mechanism was sound, and that was good enough for Ricky.
The ground outside was covered in grit, left by the wind that sometimes came through. Ricky paid no mind to the condition of the exterior of his service station except to occasionally scour the ground until it was smooth like the rest of the areas surface. 
"I will retrieve my exobike. Wait here until I return."
Ricky went around the building and came back pushing his exobike. 
"Sit on the latter half of the seat. I will sit in the front so I can steer." Ricky said.
Dale made a noncommittal shrug and sat down on the seat. There was no cushioning. Only a curved piece of metal that dug in to the pants of his suit where he was supposed to connect in to the exobike. He tried moving to become more comfortable but gave up.
"Are there any cloth materials around here?" Dale asked.
"There are three identical cloth squares on a hook along the left wall of the service station."
"Great. I’ll be right back."
"Where are you going?"
"I’m getting the rags for this thing on the seat that’s bothering me."
"Do you not wish to connect with the exobike?"
"Err. No. Not really. I just want to sit comfortably."
Dale went back inside and picked a few blanket sized sheets off of the wall. He was starting to feel kind of woozy from dehydration and leaned against one of the work tables. Ricky might have known where to find water. Dale was hoping so at least.
He came back out, arranging the cloth on the seat until he was satisfied. He sat down. The odd jutting piece of metal sufficiently covered.
"Are you ready?" Ricky asked.
"Yeah. Go."
Ricky turned the bike slowly and gunned the engine. The bike started off over the slag heaps sitting on the repair shops front. There was some turbulence for Dale whenever the bike hit a rut, but once clear of the slag heaps the terrain smoothed out.
"So, Ricky. You know where to get water?"
"There is no indication of water within my memories. Perhaps the computer will tell you where the water is."
"Do you think the water will be left with my ship?"
"I do not know."
"Oh. Well, I guess we’ll find out sooner or later."
The wreckage site was starting to come up as a speck in the distance.
"Why do you want to know where to find water?" Ricky asked.
"You know those tubes you found in the wreck?"
"Yes. You processed the contents using your vocal projector."
"Yeah. Well, I need those tubes and water to recharge. Just like you need that service station to recharge."
"You are not like other robots."
"No. And if I don’t get these tubes and water, I won’t stop functioning the way you do."
"You will not become inert until recharged?"
"No. When I become inert, I become inert permanently."
"You are a very crude model."
Dale shrugged. "It can’t be helped. Unless you’ve got some magic machine lying around that turns humans in to robots. That would be interesting."
"I do not think your unfounded reasoning is productive."
"Sure. Just a thought. Not really interested in being a robot to be honest. Sounds like a bad life choice."
"What do you mean? Are you not a human class robot?"
"Well, to be honest. I’m not a robot."
"You are shaped like a robot."
"Yes, well I am not one. In fact, humans are building robots back home to do all the stuff we humans don’t want to do."
"Are you built to build robots?"
"Well, no. I just know how to operate my ship and make Chicago style chili dogs."
"These things are confusing. You will share what you know of these things."
"Err. Maybe later."
"There is time to exchange data." Ricky reached in to a compartment in his forearm and pulled out a data cable.
"Well, that would be great, but I can’t use that thing. But, I can tell you about it later, yeah?"
"You are a very strange machine."
Dale laughed. "You said it not me."
"Yes I did."
"Uhuh."
Ricky slowed the exobike down until it stopped at the end of the rut left by the ship capsule. Dale dismounted and went to investigate. It seemed as though most plastic had been left, making up a small pile of discarded garbage. But where the robots saw no use in the objects they’d left behind, Dale gave up a silent prayer of relief. There was a large water bag hiding under a scrap of plastic foam from his seat cushion in the ship and he lugged it out, a grin making its way to the corners of his mouth.
"Guess I’ll be living another day Ricky!" He called over his shoulder.
"That is paramount if you wish to return to your home."
"Sure is!" Dale set the water bag down a short ways from the pile, and started sifting through the leftovers. He found a case of edible substance tubes along with another half full water bag. He sat down when he found the water and started drinking it in with the connected water cable. He sighed to himself and fell back on the ground when he’d finished. 
"Ricky, you know how great it is to eat things?"
"I am not acquainted with this line of thinking."
"Well, just let it be known that foods the best thing the human race has got. Makes me kind of sorry that you guys can’t feel it."
"There are many things that are the best that I have felt."
"You can feel?"
"Yes. I have an emotion based processor. I also have subroutines that allow me to know if something is desirable."
"Sounds like pleasure."
"If pleasure is something that is desirable then yes. I can feel pleasure."
"Well, that’s great." Dale spotted the handle of something poking out of the mess of scrap. He reached down and picked it up.
"Well, what do you know? It’s my receiver." He put the end of the device to his mouth. "Testing. Testing. One, two three."
"Are you attempting to broadcast a message using long wave radio frequencies?"
"Yup. I’m not really expecting a response, but it’s nice to know I’ve got this."
There was a slight crackle from the receiver and Ricky’s voice started playing from the speaker. "I am responding to your message."
"Oh." Ricky put the receiver away. "I don’t think there’s anything else here I can use. We can go."
"There is not enough room for both of your water bags." Ricky said. 
"Not if I hold them both." He picked up the water again and set the half empty one on Ricky’s lap. "You’ve got this right?"
"Yes, I have this container of water, but I do not have the arms or peripherals to hold it. You will need alternate means of keeping the water bags on the exobike."
"Ill tie you to the bag."
"I cannot guarantee the success of keeping the water on the bike."
"That’s a problem. Aren’t there any storage compartments on this?"
"No. I have no need of storage compartments."
"Well, I can’t just leave them here. I need them."
"If they charge you as my recharge station charges me, then can you not use the water to charge yourself as much as possible before we leave?"
"That actually might be the only option." Dale held the drinking cable to his lips. "Here goes nothing." He sucked on the cable until his stomach couldn’t hold any more, just managing to down the whole bag. He sat down on the exobike. "Ugh. I’m going to be sick."
"It is for the best." Ricky said.
"Yeah maybe. Just, try not to hit any bumps with your exobike okay?"
"I cannot guarantee an entirely smooth ride, but I can do the best I can."
"Now who’s talking in indefinites?"
"I am speaking in indefinites. Do you require an update to process the extent of our conversation?"
"No. Absolutely not."
"If that is what you insist." Ricky started the engine again and started towards a miniscule speck on the horizon.
Dale had noticed the speck earlier, but dismissed it due to its seemingly inconsequential nature. On a more thorough examination, the speck actually seemed to have eyes, and legs that covered the expanse of a much smaller mound beneath it.
"Is that where were going? That mound over there?"
"Yes. It is the computer."
"That four legged thing above that mound is the computer?"
"It is a manifestation of the computer, but the computer resides within the establishment beneath."
"Huh Okay. So why then is there a giant spider thing above it?"
"The sweeper you are referring to was once part of a global initiative to resurface the planet, making material available for robot use. Such is the reason for the state of the planet’s surface. But the sweeper you see is no longer functioning. There are only three which still function. This is one of the lost twelve."
"So why is there a giant spider thing above the computer?" Dale asked again.
"There were meteors that came down from space, in direct line with the computer. The sweeper decided its life was insignificant in comparison to that of the computer. Its sacrifice allowed the computer to survive."
"Couldn’t anyone fix it?"
"That knowledge was lost. The computer does not know as the overseers did not share more than what was necessary."
"Sorry to hear that I guess. He sounded like a nice guy."
"This particular sweeper was a female and she had a behavioral connection this computer. That is natural. Robots with similar coding are attracted to one another. It is how we survive."
"Sounds a lot like home actually. Back there we call it falling in love. And usually the two people get married, or live with one another, if they complement each other. Then they have offspring and the whole cycle starts all over again. It’s all very exciting when you’re a part of it."
"How can you create offspring? Do you create new humans in your workshops?"
Dale started laughing. "You could say that. Not much else to say really. We produce new humans to carry on after we die."
"And how long do you survive if you require new humans to take your place?"
"Somewhere in the range of seventy years, more or less. We don’t live as long as robots."
"I am sorry."
"It’s no big deal. We get over it. The best we can do is make our lives mean something by accomplishing tasks that benefit others in our society and teach our children to carry on our legacy."
"There is no such depth in the connections we carry. We only seek to help one another for the sake of helping one another. There is no other reason."
"So, you don’t help each other to, like, avoid conflict or something like that?"
"No. Conflict does not exist in our parameters. I am sorry for any creature that must know conflict."
"Story of my life. Conflict is an everyday occurrence back home. It’s almost unavoidable."
"You must have persistent conflict as a part of your existence?"
"Well, I doubt anyone wants it, but it happens anyway. Humans aren’t built with the same parameters that robots are. We just have to learn how to interact with the world around us and often that leads to conflict when we don’t understand or cannot face the realities around us. It’s very difficult actually."
"Is there no peace in your world?"
"There is peace, but peace takes time, control, and desire. Without those things humans lose focus and become attached to other notions that are deemed more desirable than peace. Take war for example. Sometimes war is fought in the name of peace because there is conflict in the lives of those fighting the war. Oppression and unhappiness can often lead to many extremes in behavior. The far side of war however is entirely selfish and illogical. A man may simply want what others have, or his ego may bring him to do things that cause others grief. Anyway, there are many kinds of conflict, but the only good kind leads to peace. Kind of like how your sweeper sacrificed herself to save the computer. There was immanent conflict, but she decided she would fight back in the name of peace. More specifically to save her friend."
"This world you speak of seems very complicated."
"Yeah. Sometimes it’s more complicated than it should be, but we’ve adapted to it. There really isn’t much else we can do. Some fight but others let it be. Me though, I just want everything to end the right way. That’s why I wanted to explore the universe and find the things we’ve been missing. Becoming an astronaut just seemed like the right thing to do."
"What answers do you seek that the humans do not know?"
"How to end the conflict. What is required to pacify the anger? Peace?"
"I do not know how a world can exist without peace. Peace is relevant. There is no choice except the choice that brings peace. I and the others know this. It is at the core of our decision making firmware. We cannot do that which eliminates peace in ourselves and others. It is wrong."
"I envy you."
"It is as it is."
Dale’s eyes were drawn back to the sweeper.
"Do you think we’ve made it at least halfway?" Dale asked.
"We have traveled 53.723 Percent of the way."
"Huh. This may be a lot easier than I was thinking it would be."
"How difficult does your thinking permit you to consider the magnitude of returning to your home to be?"
"Well, I would compare the difficulty of returning home to the difficulty I’m having understanding what you just said."
"How much difficulty are you having deciphering my prior statement?"
"A lot of difficulty."
"I am sorry to hear that you think it will be difficult to return home."
"You and me both."
"There is no place for sentiment. It is required that we continue on. Only work will bring us closer to your goal."
The sweeper started to fill more and more of Dale’s vision until he could only see the black husk of the robot above him. On the underside it was smooth, but above as he’d noticed earlier, there were dents that covered almost every point. Just like Ricky had said, the sweeper seemed to be protecting something, positioning itself above the center of the black spire at the center of the building populace.
All of the structures surrounding the spire were nondescript black, made so by the shadow cast by the sweeper above. The structures on the outskirts; however, looked more of a beat up copper color with varying degrees of shading that ranged all the way from steel to blackened iron.
Ricky stopped the bike before starting in between the first few structures.
"The computer will be at the center of the gathering. If you are to become disoriented, that is the direction in which you should go. Do not approach the sweeper. She will provide no direction. Only seek the computer at the center."
"Why are you telling me this?"
"I am in need of a few parts. Also, I wish to find Crystal."
"Does she live here?"
"Yes." 
Ricky didn’t venture to explain how he knew.
"So, should I follow you or just go to the center?"
"You may do as you wish. I will not choose for you."
"Oh. Well, see you later then." Dale threw a leg over the exobike and dismounted. "Thanks for the help. I’ll be sure to mention you when I get home."
"That is kind of you. Perhaps I will meet those whom you know one day."
"Yeah, that would be interesting."
Ricky took off on his exobike, his posture sitting him upright, and his back straight. Dale half waved a goodbye.
"Well, so much for that." He started in between the structures on either side. There were nondescript robots conversing or looking out of the ramshackle protection, shadowed in black. Dale kept his eyes forward. He was curious about exploring, but there was something awkward about how nice everybody seemed to be and that kept him from getting too involved with the others. 
Dale passed by a few alley ways where discarded junk sat between the metal plating of the walls, and a few establishments that followed the same makeup as Ricky’s service station. There really wasn’t much variety. Guessing from the pits a short distance from the collection of buildings, and the absence of most robots, they seemed to spend most of their time at the mines. What they were actually accomplishing there was a mystery, or rather what they were doing with all the more they were mining was a mystery. That was something Dale would ask the computer.
Several robots would hail him with a greeting, but once they noticed he was carrying his head under his arm they would express varying degrees of concern. Dale mostly explained he was fine, and wound his way through the streets until he came to the structure at the center of the gatherings. It was tall and black, just like all the other structures, and the light barely made its way to the entrance; a glass set of double doors that were indefinitely propped open, grit and dust littering the floor just inside.
"Hey, you’re the robot Ricky found in that capsule."
Dale turned around searching for the voice. Crystal was standing in the shadow of an alley, the gem on the side of her head glinting as she moved. 
"Yeah. The names Dale. Dale Hendricks."
"And you already know my name, Dale." Crystal said this with a smile in her voice.
"Yeah. Hey, actually, Ricky was looking for you. He wanted to get to know you or something."
"I know. He’s been searching the city for a short while."
"Aren’t you going to go find him?"
"Yes, but for now I want to talk to you. Ricky will be there when I go to find him."
"Sounds like you were made for each other."
"Maybe. But considering the time between our completions, I think it’s more likely we’ve just been built in ways that make us friends."
"Well spoken. So what do you want to talk about?"
"I need your advice. You are new, and you do not know much of this world, but I wish to confide in you."
"Okay. What do you want help with?"
"Do you think Ricky will find me compatible with his systems? I find that I am right in our exchange, but I am taken by ulterior complications in emotional processing that hinder my comprehension of these things."
"I think you guys are totally compatible for each other. That’s just my opinion, but I’d say go for it. See what happens."
"But there are so many unknowns. I can’t even think them all through without my sub processing systems needing to reboot."
"Eh. That’s called love. You’ll find yourself around these things eventually."
"I think you are correct. But, I am still unsure."
"Just go talk to him. Everything should be fine."
"I will leave now."
"See you in the future!"
"Maybe." Crystal gestured farewell and left by the same alley way shed been standing in earlier.
Dale turned back to the entrance to the computer and made his way inside. There were old terminals on either side for the duration of Dales walk down the entry hall. But the disuse seemed to imply there was a better way to interact with the computer up ahead. That, or the computer was completely broken and no one could use it. 
Another set of doors were at the end, but before Dale could react, they both opened up revealing a room just beyond and the bulk of a large sphere made entirely of black glass.
Dale walked in, noticing the total lack of any other distinguishing features. He hesitantly touched the sphere. It beeped and pictures and patterns began playing across its surface. There was a moment before a voice resonated around the room.
"Hello. How may I assist you?"
"Oh um. Hey. So, I was wondering if there’s any way I can get off this planet."
"There are many such ways. Which do you require of me?"
"I want to know if there are any spaceships that can take me home."
"Where is home?"
"Earth. I don’t think you’ll know it."
"Earth There is no planet in my records."
"Yeah, I thought so. So are there any ships?"
"No. If your goal is to leave this planet, your options do not include a ship."
"Well, if not a ship, can you send a deep space signal of some kind to let Earth know I’m here?"
"Yes. I have done so."
"Oh. So, what now?"
"Can I assist you with anything else?"
"Well, I guess so. The sweeper that protects this city: Do you know how to fix her?"
"No. Only the overseers knew such things."
Dale frowned. "Sorry to hear that. Maybe there is someone who can help you?"
"If there is knowledge pertaining to advanced electronic circuitry in your system then yes, you can help. But if not, then there is no one who knows how to help."
"Well, sorry to hear that."
"Tell me, if you require means to travel to a planet unheard of, then what are you? I have noticed discrepancies in your behavior, thinking, and physical structure."
"Well, funny thing. I’m actually a human. I’m not a robot even though I look like one."
There were several disjointed images on the sphere. One of which depicted a half masked individual that looked vaguely human by the bad shot.
"You resemble the overseers. Do you descend from the overseers?"
"Well, I don’t think so."
"Your form suggests you are not a creation of the overseers. You are not robot."
The doors behind Dale shut tight. 
"Yeah, I said I was a human."
"You are not robot."
The sphere emphasized the blurry image of the human-esque face. 
"I told you that. Why are you making a big deal about it?"
"If you are not robot. You are overseer. You command robots and so you command me. I am yours to command."
There was a giant booming sound from outside, shaking the ground and forcing Dale to his knees.
"I am rebooting all systems at their highest functioning capacities. You will be given charge of the robots and I will be your servant. I am alerting all computers of your return. Welcome home overseer."
"What is happening?" Dale asked. The ground shook again and the sound of crunching metal and falling debris followed.
Dale went to the doors and began trying to pry them open.
"Open the doors!" He yelled.
"As you command." The computer let the doors slide open. The monitors were on in the hall outside and the light had returned. Everything felt more electrified and alive than it did when he came in before. Dale could see the ramshackle huts just outside.
He ran through the hall, his breath heaving by the time he made it through. 
The sky had opened up above, and the last traces of the sweepers leg past through the sky behind the computers spire. 
"Dale! You are our overseer!" The call came from Crystal who had been standing with Ricky.
"Great. That means I’m like the most pointless person on this planet. I’m going back to speak with the computer."
Dale turned back before listening for a response. He trekked back through the hall and confronted the computer.
"Build me a ship so I can leave. Now. I want to get off this stupid planet and go somewhere else."
"As you command." The computer displayed plans on the screen. "The ship will be completed shortly and will be delivered here soon. Do you require anything else?"
"No, except maybe a lady friend, that would be a relief."
"As you command. Analyzing personality and structure now. Please wait."
"Sweet."
There was a moment of graphing and modeling in the computer. 
"Process complete. Please hold for lady friend."
Something hissed open on the other side of the sphere. Dale thought of the most horrible, terrible sights imaginable as he waited. But when the creature finally emerged, he was taken aback by the simplicity of her design.
She was human in shape and size and she was looked kind and nervous as if she was taken by Dale. Her skin was human as well and her eyes, hair, and the way she acted seemed to be human as well.
"We have kept many such overseers in our storage as we have awaited for the day when you would return. However, the design you see before you is of computer design. She was constructed at your request and carries no desire except your own. She has free will and is human as you say you are, but she is not original. She carries your memories and your thoughts, in sync as your own. You will be the perfect pair for one another as I have deemed it to be."
"Thank you. I’m actually, honestly touched by this."
"You are welcome overseer. Do you require anything else?"
"Err. Happiness for everyone?"
"As you command." The computer took a moment to think. "I am now analyzing robot systems. Prepare for happiness."
There was an out rush of humans, robots, and materials from inside the computer. The girl who the computer made for Dale clung to his arm and pulled him away towards a wall where she huddled alongside him. Most of the humans went outside to see the world as it was. The few of the others stayed by the sphere, talking with the computer and making adjustments to the system. To Dale, the whole scene looked as though it was just another day for the people to get up and go to work. Almost as if they were not aware of the time they had spent in the computer. Also, images of various human doings were being displayed on the sphere in videos and pictures that must have been live feeds from outside. 
Where the terminals sat in the hallway, many of the humans had gathered, sitting down on square stools that had risen from the ground. It almost seemed as if the overseers had erased every instance of themselves when they first left, only keeping the main ground force in place for the day when the others returned from space.
The whole operation seemed kind of strange to Dale who had taken the girls hand and left through the main entry way. Outside though, the robots had begun dismantling the shelters they had built for themselves and begun setting them aside in piles where large scrap recycling robots had started grinding them down to shreds. A single robot came up to Dale and saluted him.
"Dale Hendricks, your ship has been built and is awaiting your command. I will guide you to the launch platform." He gestured to his left.
A wheeled vehicle stopped alongside the two of them. They got in, Dales lady friend following closely. The vehicle was grey, the color of old steel. It had no paint, just seems that fleshed perfectly from one plate to the other. It seemed new, as if it had just been created for the purpose of the overseers who had come from the computer inside.
Silently Dale wondered why the people had been kept inside the computer for so long and why the others had left without a second thought. It was almost as if they were abandoning them here because they had some kind of future use for them. Almost like whoever managed this planet had bankrupt themselves and had to shut everything down for a short while. Short meaning several thousand years without any sort of return policy.
Dale’s lady friend clung to his arm and nuzzled her head in to his shoulder. She looked content, a smile planted on her lips and her eyes closed. Her hair was brown, and her skin was pale, as if she were some princess from some world far away. She blinked and her eyes wandered over the construction around her as the car moved. Her eyes were pale blue, almost white in color, and her eyelashes were long, brushing together softly whenever she blinked. Her body was thin, but held the curves of maturity, and was clothed in a simple, white jumpsuit that conformed to her. Dale let a smile cross his own face and put his arm around her. Instead of tensing like he had thought she would, she clasped his arm in her hand and wound it tighter around her torso. She looked to him and smiled.
"What have you seen in your life?" Dale asked.
"I’ve seen everything the computer has ever known." Her smile brightened. "I think the better question would be what have you NOT seen in your life?"
"Well then, what haven’t you seen in your life?"
"You. And where you’ve come from. Even to the computer your true origin is a mystery. You carry the form of the overseers, but the computer knows there is something different about you." She put her head back down on Dales shoulder. "The computer knew though that it had rested for long enough and wanted only to begin anew. It felt there was no need for this extended lull in the existence of the robots and computers."
"Huh. Makes sense why the computer so willingly did whatever I asked it to do."
"Yes, the computer knows much."
"And now you know just as much as the computer does." Dale smiled. "You are amazing."
"Yes, for now I carry all that the computer knows, but as time passes I will forget until I know only the things that I need."
"Oh. Will you ever be able to access it again?" Dale asked.
"Maybe. But I won’t want to. Perhaps you can persuade me though." Her smile was mischievous this time.
Dale laughed. "Maybe I will." He became somber. "I can’t believe this is happening. My own mother told me I would never find a lady friend, and yet here I am, talking to one who was made just for me." He thought for a moment. "Do you have a soul?"
"Yes." She thought for a moment too, weighing the gravity of the statement. "But I don’t know where it came from. Can you imagine, being created from thin air for someone?"
"No, I’ve lived my whole life based on who I’ve been in the past. To be made from nothing would be like losing who I am. It would kill me."
"To die inside is worse than death."
"You are sad to be alive." Dale said as a fact.
"Yes, I wish I didn’t exist, then I would not be so lost." She sighed. "I’ve been alive for only a few moments and even now I wonder what it means to live. Things the computer has seen and knows would cause you to question everything you are."
Dale thought of the ease in which the computer had created her. "I’m sorry. I wish things were easier for you."
She sat in silence. 
"Do you have a name?" Dale asked. "I don’t think you’ve told me yet."
"Yes, but it’s not really a name."
"What is it?"
"Serial number seven twenty five."
"It sounds like a wonderful name to me."
"I don’t want it. It reminds me that I’m not real." She looked down at her hands. "I don’t want a name. I want to always remember myself a nameless, to remind myself that I don’t really exist. I don’t want to lie to other people."
"But having a name is a wonderful thing."
"Why do you say that?" She asked.
"Well, my parents named me Dale. It’s reminiscent of a country boy and it’s stuck with me ever since my parents decided they wanted me to be a farmer. But, I decided it would mean something else. Something personal that only I can understand and appreciate. I decided that Dale would mean me. And only I would ever know this name the way I do. No one else can tell me what my name means because it will always be who I am."
She thought silently. "Do you hate your name?"
"Not anymore. I’ve learned cherish my name because one day that may be the only thing left of me."
She frowned. "Do you think I should stay serial number seven twenty five?"
"What do you think?" Dale asked kindly.
"I think I will. I don’t want to change who I am. I want to be exactly who I was intended to be from the start, and that’s everything you need, and I’m okay with that."
Dale smiled. "How about I call you seven."
"That sounds perfect." She hugged him tightly "I like the way you say it."
Dale laughed. "Well you don’t sound half bad yourself."
"Thanks Dale." 
Sevens eyes turned back to the landscape, taking in more of the pictures and impressions. Her young mind was seeking to find the answers implanted in her memories. 
Her hand would reach out every once in a while as the silence dragged on, pretending to touch and feel certain objects as they passed by as if to learn their shapes and textures. Dale was incredibly impressed with her coherence. She had just been born a few minutes ago to a strange world and her seemingly gentle nature was entirely acclimated. That in itself showed how impressive the technology of these overseers had become but more importantly it meant he could find friendship in her without worry. She would be a perfectly good person for him to know. Yeah everyone else he got along with just fine, but if what the computer had said was true, then Seven was honestly designed with him in mind and there was no way they could go wrong.
"What are you thinking about Seven?" Dale asked leaning in to her as she swiped at a small winged machine. 
"I think the world is going to change for the better. Don’t you think so?" She turned and looked Dale in the eye.
"I think so."
She turned back and swiped at the flying machine, catching it in her hand. "The world is old and full of husks. This reinvention of the overseers will mean the machines can begin again. It will be the beginning of a renewed age." She kept the flying machine cupped in her hand and held it out to Dale, smiling.
Dale carefully extracted the machine from her fingers, awed by the intricacy of creature.
"Sounds fine to me. I want to help in whatever way I can, but I really should get home."
"Home is where you choose to be. Home is where your heart chooses to rest."
"Am I wrong to want my life? I had what I wanted in my job and my experiences. Are these things wrong?"
Seven thought about it. "No, they are not wrong, but I don’t know this place where you’ve come from. It doesn’t seem to be like this one, and the overseers do not seem to be a part of your life."
"Well, overseers have a deep resemblance to humans. Perhaps were the same in some way."
"Maybe there’s a relation. The computer thought you were an overseer. Well, the computer used its image of the overseers and projected it on to you. You are overseer in form and language. I’m sure the computer used the commands you gave him to unlock whatever he’d been hiding inside. It seemed like the computer had been anxious to start things back up again and since you were here, he did everything in his power to make sure you freed the overseers."
"I asked for happiness for everyone and he started spitting people out like a popcorn popper."
"A what?"
"Some kind of machine that prepares food in large quantities."
"Oh."
"And if you’re right, it means that the overseers who had left had ordered this computer to lock down the workers here. Maybe the computer needed to return things to normal. Habit is a hard thing to break if you let it control you for too long."
"That’s true. I wish the computer could tell me why he let everyone back out."
"Well, maybe that’s what the robots wanted. I asked for happiness for everyone and if there were those who wanted the overseers to return, then it would make sense for the overseers to be released." Dale thought for a moment. "How many overseers left the planet before everything was shut down? Who was in charge of everything?"
"Well, the original order to stop production was given via a transmission from the command center that orbits the planet." Seven pointed to a small blip in the sky, shrouded by the dusty clouds in the sky. "Everything else that happened leading up to that point was never discussed or explained."
"So for all the computer knows, an invader could have shut down the planet for some reason." 
Seven put her head against his chest and gently pushed his hand upward. "You can let the clockwork flyer go. It should be let free before we leave its home too far behind."
Dale opened up his hand and the flying machine flapped its wings and took off. 
"Maybe, but who can know? If someone did sabotage the operation here, then how will they have survived this long? It’s been thousands of years. Things change in that much time."
"They do" Dale said thoughtfully. "But if they did, I want to know. We have a ship. Why not just go see what's happening?"
The vehicle stopped several meters from a hulking mass of welded metal. It was the ship. Dale got out, pulling Seven carefully behind him.
"This ship is huge!" Dale said, letting his eyes roam over the surface. "It doesn’t even make sense why it has to be this big." 
The ship was large, clawing its way up through the air until its nose was on par with that of the computer spire which could be seen some distance off past the launch platform. Dale couldn’t register how quickly the ship had been made, but the amount of time the computer had allowed for its construction had amounted to less than a minute. 
"How was the ship made so quickly?" Dale asked the robot who accompanied them in the vehicle.
Seven stepped in before he could respond. "He wouldn’t know that Dale, but the amount of ore collected over the past few thousand years has provided an incredible stock of building material. As for the size, the computer thought it important to meet your demands in their fullest. He considered the possibility that you would need to travel several galaxies to get home and has equipped this ship with enough fuel and supplies to get you there."
"That means I can come back whenever I want to?"
"If you want. But the fuel is special. It uses a kind of deep molecular conditioning that breaks down the components of the atomic structure to create a kind of antigravity that propels anything and everything that it comes in contact with. The only thing protecting you or me from dying or being thrown through the planets core is the shielding being kept in place around the gravity particles." Seven said.
"If I bring a small quantity of this fuel back with me in an accessible container, do you think it would be safe enough to be experimented with and replicated once we return home?"
"Maybe, but it’s dangerous in quantities existing even on an observable level."
"How did you get the molecules to fall apart to begin with?" Dale asked.
"The overseers had created conditions in which energy had been completely removed from a particle system. The resulting mass was then mixed and reenergized, creating a molecule that simply could not keep itself together. The mixed up particles tore each other apart until they created a zero attraction scenario where anything within the molecule would float without charge, and anything on the outside would be completely opposed to the levels of magnetic influence. It’s just about the same as a magnet except the thing that pushes and pulls comes from the opposite side of the dead molecule."
"What do you mean?"
"So imagine a single molecule on the left side of the dead molecule, and a single molecule on the right side of the molecule. The dead molecule acts as an invisible, attractive force that appears to repel whatever objects are on either side, where as in actuality, the molecules create an incredibly strong attraction to this dead molecule. This means that as one molecule is attracted to the dead molecule, it passes through the dead one, eliminating the attraction, but creating an increase in velocity as mass is picked up from the dead molecule. Once this molecule is through the dead molecule, it will continue its trajectory until it hits whatever gets in its path. This creates a kind of temporary increase in velocity in whatever it hits, making flight possible if enough matter is attracted into the dead molecule at a constant rate."
Dale grinned. "You’re way smart. I wish I could tell the guys back on Earth about you. They’d take you away in a heartbeat."
Seven looked distraught. "Will that mean we won’t be around each other anymore?"
"No, I’ll make sure well be able to hang out." Dale squeezed her hand. "Don’t worry. I’ll keep everything safe."
"Thanks Dale." She smiled. "I’m glad he created me for you. I don’t think I could imagine life any other way."
"Well, I’m sure you would have been born to some other family in some other time. Maybe this is just a short cut for you. Who knows?"
She wrapped her arms around Dale’s torso, resting her head against his chest, and sighed. "I’m glad I didn’t have to wait. Things will be wonderful."
"Yes, things will be wonderful."
The robot gestured to a ramp leading up into the ship. It was attached a short ways above a blue hexagonal panel that was fractured across the bottom of the ship. On closer inspection, the hexagonal panel was untouched by any other parts of the ship. The landing gear wasn’t even connected to anything below the rim of this panel making the bottom look like an egg with toothpicks coming out of the side. The upper reaches of the ship however gave an entirely different impression. Above that point, the ship was composed of many reaching spikes that were based in grooves, meshing the spikes together in a smooth surface which became the bottom of the ship. Upside down, it looked like wood fibers coming out of a broken stone.  
Dale boarded the craft, noticing the ship was actually flat if observed from the side. The only transition from either face being the smoothed, rounded edge that connected the front and the back. It also bulged out near the middle in some kind of observation deck.
As the ramp slowly disappeared beneath his feet, Dale felt his center of gravity shift until he was being pulled forward. He dropped to his knees and slid until he was sitting on the wall. His mind told him he was sitting upright, but his eyes were telling him something else. 
"Seven, why am I being pulled towards the wall? Does this have something to do with the dead particles you were talking about?"
Seven grabbed a metal handle that spanned the length of the hatch and let herself fall towards the wall, setting her feet in grooves alongside the floor. "The dead particles are stored throughout the center of the ship. This way, it creates a type of artificial gravity that counteracts the pull of the planet. Its two sided so if you were to descend beneath the dead particle storage, you would be reoriented to stand upside down."
"I think I’ll avoid that if I can." Dale put his arm out to her. "Let’s go explore the ship."
Seven smiled and took his hand, lifting him to stand. "I think that would be very nice." She said.
Dale smiled back, giving her a quick kiss. "Where would you like to go first?"
Seven leaned in close. "To be honest, I’d like to say goodbye to the computer before I leave. He created me and I owe him my life." She started up the inside of the ship. "I want to see the command deck."
"Sure, I think that’s very noble of you." Dale followed close behind. The lights flickered on as they entered the inner parts of the ship, climbing a ladder situated next to a door leading to other rooms on this deck, and walking on till they took a flight of stairs that led to a door.
"The command deck is just behind this door. Do you want me to call you captain?"
"Only in jest, I don’t want you thinking I’m you’re superior. I like you. I don’t want you to feel distanced."
"I wouldn’t feel distanced." She said, "But I would feel respect and I would appreciate you all the more."
"Do you want to call me captain?"
"Yes. I want you to think of me as your first mate."
"First mate, huh?" Dale laughed to himself. "You’re definitely my first mate if you want to take that literally."
Seven laughed. "First girlfriend?"
"Yeah. Pretty much."
"Well, I’m touched. That means a lot to me. Thank you."
Dale smiled, "Anyway, I think it’s time to open that door."
"I think you’re right."
She grabbed a handle sitting at the center of a groove in the door and turned it. The door slid in to the sound of pressurized gas.
"Well, I think this is where well call home for a while." Seven said.
There wasn’t much inside other than a few chairs and single throne like seat in the front where the spiked projections could be seen outside of the window. Dale looked up. He was startled when he thought the room didn’t have a ceiling, but after the initial shock of seeing the endless wasteland and the computer spire far in the distance, he noticed the slight shimmering that passed across the invisible surface. 
"Hey look." Seven said, pointing to something far above. "It’s the sweeper." 
Dale saw the spidery robot, slowly crawling away at the edge of the glassy dome. 
"Do you think she really was hurt when the meteor shower came?" Dale asked.
"Not, her damage was repairable. There was nothing wrong. But her need to protect him was strong enough to sacrifice her purpose to keep him safe. She can do more now that the overseers will return."
"Speaking of the overseers, how come the computer didn’t know them when I first came in, but when I left they seemed to be completely oblivious of this fact."
"The computer was designed to eliminate the overseers from his memory and the memories of the robots in the event that the operations were shut down. This was to protect the whereabouts and identity of the overseers." Seven said. She walked over to one of the chairs and started touching and moving her fingers around on a table surface that ran along the perimeter of the room. 
Dale turned when he heard the sound of metal on metal coming from down the stairs.
"I just closed the main hatch."
"Is no one else coming with us?" Dale asked.
"No, the overseers would not like it if we took anything else. You have the memories of this planet." She said, placing a finger against her forehead. "What more could you want?"
"Do you have a permanent connection to the computer? Will he give you constant updates as long as you’re alive?"
"What do you mean as long as I’m alive? I’ll never die." She thought for a moment. "Will you die?" She asked hesitantly.
"Yes, I’m going to die someday. There’s no way to avoid it."
"No there’s not."
"What do you mean?"
"He gave me something important. He gave me the records explaining the overseers’ medical practices. I think he knew this when he put himself inside me."
"He put himself inside you?"
"No, not really. Not him. But everything he knows and everything he is. If I wanted to, I could know him from what he gave me, and I do, but he isn’t inside me. Not as if he were inside, talking to me. Do you understand?"
"I think so."
"He created me. How can he not be inside me?"
"Well, you make a good point, but I think a better question would be how can I not be inside of me? Since you were created for me."
"That’s true. So maybe I’m just really three people in one."
Dale laughed. "Well, you seem pretty one sided to me."
"That’s reassuring." Seven smiled. "Would you like me to show you how to operate the ship?"
"Yeah, I think that would be pretty cool."
Seven held her hand out for Dale to take, leading him to the chair in the front.
"So the panel in front of you doesn’t react to language or worded commands."
"How do I use it then?" Dale asked, placing his hand on the smooth surface. As soon as his finger came in contact, he felt a part of his mind become detached, filling with images and models of what looked to be a three dimensional solar system.
"Well, if it works for you, you should be seeing the midway map of our star system."
"I see it." 
"It is used by sliding and pressuring different points on the table."
"Okay." Dale pushed down on the surface, causing it to bow slightly. The view changed, drawing closer to a planet a short distance from the yellow star at the center. The planet was colored the same as rust along one side, but at the edges, there was a distinct line of green that curved off out of view. As he drew closer, a bump rose up off the planet’s surface until he noticed the distinct shape of the ship. He zoomed in closer. The ship grew larger and larger until the domed command bridge filled the view. Dale jumped back, taking his fingers off the table’s surface as a miniature version of himself did the same in his thoughts. The image cleared.
"What was that? I just saw myself in my head sitting inside the ship. How is that even possible?" Dale asked, keeping his hands in his lap.
"Particle resonance mapping technology. It allows for a live feed of everything existing that impacts any other object or particle system in the universe."
"That sounds incredibly complicated."
"Well, in theory, if a particle with a particular mass going at a particular velocity impacts a particular point on another molecule, the resulting impact will have a unique effect on the object it comes in contact with. So, if we calculate that impact, we can generate schematics that assess and estimate its origin as well as the shape, density, and materials that makes up the initial starting point."
"I can see a lot of problems with this technology."
"It works." Seven shrugged. "So are you ready to go?"
"Sure."
"Well need to signal to everyone on the ground that were taking off. If they don’t leave, before then, their molecular integrity could be compromised."
"Well, everyone already seems to be away from the ship. I can’t see anyone outside."
"On my mark then."
"Wait, shouldn’t we be buckled down or something?" Dale asked, searching around the seat cushion.
"No, take off does not affect the gravity fields in the ship."
"That doesn’t even begin to make sense."
"Well, if it’s any help, you can hold on to your arm rests. Here," She began. "I’ll sit with you so you aren’t afraid."
"Seven, I’m not afraid. I’m an astronaut. I’ve done this before."
"Well, I’ll stay here anyway because I feel like it." She nuzzled her head in to his chest and kept her eyes towards the front of the ship. "Isn’t that something that you want anyway?"
"Well, sure I guess so." He returned her embrace. "It’s just so unusual for me to be friends with anyone else. Most people just see me as a hardworking, silent individual who does what he’s told. Nothing more. Nothing less."
"Well, I know you better than that."
"You do? Even though you’ve only known me for a less than a day?"
"Yes I think so. I was made for you. I think that means I should know you. Better than yourself even."
"Huh. Well, I’ll take that." Dale pressed his face in to the hollow at the base of her neck. "Hopefully this isn’t infatuation though. That would be a total downer."
Seven was silent for a moment. "I don’t think so. Time will tell."
"Maybe." He breathed deeply and hugged her more tightly. "But if you keep letting me hug you all the time I might never get to know you."
"Well, that’s something we can take care of later. I’ll help you sort through your confusion. We need to launch though." Seven placed a hand on the table top. "We want the overseers’ space station."
"Yeah." Dale confirmed, totally infatuated with the feeling of being so close to her.
Seven pushed down twice and swiped, pushing down again.
After a few minutes, Dale lifted his head. "Are we having any trouble?"
"No, we left quite a while ago." Seven pointed at the view outside the dome, keeping her other hand on the back of Dale’s neck.
The world was fast dropping away, the only sign of propulsion was the dust storm that seemed to congregate and then fall once it touched the bottom of the ship.
"How come the ship is stable if there’s an uneven amount of material pushing at the bottom of the ship?" Dale asked.
"The dead particles can be sifted, creating a greater or lesser pull depending on the speed at which the molecules are spun."
"I guess that makes sense." Dale said, not really listening as he dug his face back into her neck.
Seven laughed, "You must really enjoy this."
"Mph. It’s not every day you meet a beautiful woman who thinks the world of you."
"True. Then again, I doubt I would ever meet a woman who thinks the world of me."
Dales laugh was muffled, "That would be funny." He paused, sitting up and slowly easing Seven out of the chair. "Seven, if I asked you to let me be alone for a moment, would that be okay?"
Seven nodded, dancing around to one of the chairs in the room. "Take as much time as you need."
"Thank you Seven."
Dale stood up and made his way out of the room, taking the flight of stairs down and moving in to a bedroom alongside the base. He sat down on the bed and started to think. His eyes would occasionally dart to the corners of the room and out the door where Seven would have been in the piloting room above. Eventually, he closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and went back up.
Seven was sitting in the same place she'd been before, but her expression was one of concern.
"I'm fine." Dale said, waving her off before sitting down in the big seat. "How much time until we get to the space station?"
"Only a few moments. You can see it on the horizon, just beyond the third spike on the left." She pointed.
Dale's eyes traveled to the front of the craft. A slim, rod like object was sitting in space at the edge of the dome. It was growing as Dale watched, becoming a line of pod like objects and then those pods became rings and those rings became biomes and in those biomes were houses and streets and cars and plants. Dale's eyes widened as the size and the sheer scope of the space station seemed to increase in never ending complexity.
"Who lived here?" Dale asked, pressing himself against the dome.
"These are the homes of the overseers. Before they left, they stayed here when traveling to the planet to assess mining operations."
"Why couldn't they just use this particle resonance technology you were talking about?"
"It's not that simple. The overseers required direct face to face communication as is the law. Did you notice there are no screens or picture displays in this ship?"
Dale looked around. "Now that you mention it, I can't seem to find any."
"This is a product of earlier times when technology advanced until computers could impersonate individuals of high status and provoke action on their behalf over these video feeds. This is a law that prevents imposters from taking control."
"What if someone were to go down and impersonate a high ranking official in person?"
"This is taken care of. There was much thought put into this."
"Sounds like a vague answer if you ask me." Dale said. 
Before Seven answered, there was a slight jolt along the hull and the sound of an airlock being released.
"That would be the primary boarding hatch opening. It's on this floor through those doors."
Dale stood up and started to the doors. "How do you know all of this?"
"The computer created me a few moments after your ship was constructed. I was given that information." Seven wiped her hands over the table in a way that suggested longing before standing and joining Dale at the door. "There might be some new things inside, but I don't know. You come from somewhere we don't know."
"Well, I'd be surprised if you showed me anything new. After everything I've seen on the planet, I'm sure you couldn't possible surprise me."
"We'll see." Seven smiled and pulled the door open.
"Welcome to the orbiting space station Jester!" A large, monstrous looking robot with a bunch of arms and several mismatched legs stood on the other side of the door. "I will escort you to customs where you can officially begin your stay above our premium mining planet! Feel free to-"
Dale punched the thing before it said anything else, freaked out of his mind. The robot squeaked for a moment before slumping over and powering down.
"I am not moving that." Seven said, inching around it.
"Good cause I'm not either."
"That isn't good. That's the opposite of good. We need to get this off the ship."
"There's no way I'm touching that thing again."
"Fine. We'll take care of it before leaving. Okay?"
"Great. Let's get going before any more of those things show up."
"Good idea." Seven's footsteps echoed along the hall until she came to another door. Dale was following closely behind, but his eyes were firmly planted on the thing's massive carcass that was taking up most of the exit to their craft. He didn't like the way it seemed to be guarding their only escape, as if boarding the space station meant they could never leave. Judging by how the space station seemed to be entirely deserted, the likelihood of that happening was minute. That was if the robots hadn't somehow hijacked the station and hidden all the overseers in some obscure corner. That was unlikely though. The robots seemed entirely peaceful and more than willing to help with the simplest tasks.
Dale jogged for a second to catch up with Seven. "Shouldn't we have some kind of weapon to take care of the potential conflict we'll run in to?"
"No, there's no way anyone hostile could be living here. It's been like this for an incredibly long time. Nothing has changed."  Seven reached for Dale's hand, taking it in her own. "I can protect you if you're really that paranoid."
Dale made a small frown, pulling the corners of his mouth down. "You can protect me?"
She laughed. "I was joking. There's no point to learn violence since there's no violence to deal with. But if you're so conflict oriented like you seem to suggest, I would think you'd be more likely to protect me." she made a pouting face. "I'm just a poor defenseless product of bioengineering. Too bad for me right?"
Dale laughed. "I would have no idea. I don't remember when I was born."
"Well, you're not the first. Most overseers profess to this being true, though I think those who say they do remember are just being full of themselves."
"Do the overseers live forever like you do?"
Seven sighed, "Some of them. The point I was trying to make earlier is that I have the potential to live forever, not that I would life forever. We're all susceptible to disease and to injury, but if taken care of we can heal it out over an extended period of time."
"Is it worth it?"
"Some say it is." Seven folded her arms, Dale's hand pressed firmly into the crook of her elbow. "But if you are wracked with pain and the knowledge of the past then it can often be a kind of suicide to exist. Some prefer to die."
"It sounds terrible in my opinion. Most of my friends will die if I were to live forever and I would have to live on and make new ones."
"That's what life's all about though isn't it? Making new friends? Building new relationships and helping yourself and others to grow?"
"Well yeah I guess..." Dale shrugged. "I'm just sentimental. Letting go of old comforts is difficult. It just takes time to adjust."
"That's very true." Seven stopped walking, jolting Dale from his downcast expression.
"What?"
"We're at the edge of the living centers."
Dale squinted into the light that was filtering in to the hallway. All he could see was a white building made of stone, its foundation built on top of a yard that bubbled up from the edge of a short rock barrier. A lane seemed to be leading off to the right, its surface made of interlocking stone, but other than that the view was cut off.
"Seems like an excellent place to have an entrance... If you want to completely underwhelm people..." Dale said.
Seven laughed. "It could be worse considering. Come on," She pulled him by the hand. "I want to check the ship records."
Dale followed diligently, his hand becoming sweaty in her fingers. 
They led off to the right, following the road. Seven's eyes seemed to be drawn to each and every dwelling as they went by, as if to memorize and compare notes with the computer's database inside her head. 
To Dale, they all seemed like something out of a fairytale from home. A few times when he thought he saw shadows moving, his thoughts wandered to leprechauns and knights riding those valiant steeds that used to populate the old stories. As they kept moving though, the houses began to change, becoming larger and more extravagant until they towered high above, sometimes twisting or bending over to create mind boggling shapes and angles. 
"Why are there so many large houses? What is so different about some of the overseers that they would be given so much more than the others?" Dale asked, shaking Seven's hand.
"It's not about what they're given. The overseers chose where they lived. Some just preferred smaller homes to the towering monoliths that the others wanted. It wasn't about competition or class rights if that's what you were wondering."
"Yeah, that did cross my mind, but I'm still having trouble absorbing this whole 'no conflict' society thing. It just seems so wrong to me, like it can never be perfected."
"Well, I hate to break it to you, but it's been done. Perfection doesn't always have to be rooted in evil. Just thinking that perfection is just a mask for imperfection uncovers the imperfections in the people who think perfection is impossible. It's kind of frustrating to me to think that these things could possibly be common place for you."
"Eh, I've grown up in a world where the only way to be perfect is by conforming to imperfection." Dale shrugged. "I've never believed in it, but there seem to be enough people who do for it to have some prominence. Of course, it won't lead anywhere good. The assumption that perfection is unattainable pretty much requires that the end goal is imperfect. And if the end goal is assumed to be imperfect then the desire to accomplish anything at all vanishes. It creates an undesirable side effect that dampens people’s expectations and compromises their definition of perfection until they have no sympathy for the attaining of perfection at all. This leads them to hate the idea of perfection because in their mind perfection cannot exist. And if perfection cannot exist, they hate the thought of someone who still seeks imperfection, and in order to hide their own imperfections they laugh and scoff at those who are seeking to attain perfection in order to fill the void that they themselves have created in their own lives by listening to the lies of others that tell them that perfection is impossible. It's almost as if they have a major guilt complex that cannot be covered even though they think they have to try because they cannot be perfect. It's a cycle that never ends. Most people can't see it and that's why they choose to seek out imperfection."
"Well, I'm very sorry to hear that."
"Yeah." Dale pointed at one of the tall structures as they passed by. "Is there any way I can get one of those for myself?" He asked.
"I assume so. Though I don't know what you could do with it if you've already got such a nice ship. You haven't even looked through it yet, how do you know you'd like these any better?"
"Eh, it looks like you can walk on the walls in these buildings. Do they have the same 'dead particles' that the ship uses?"
"Yes, if you look, you'll see that they have a very manageable connection between the standard floor type structure and the more eccentric, twisting or angled additions." Seven's eyes caught something down the street and she took off, pulling Dale behind her."
"What is it?" Dale asked. Seven was faster than he'd assumed she could be and he had to stumble along to keep up, using Seven's hold on his hand to pull himself at an even pace.
"I thought I saw someone up ahead. At the corner of the grassy barriers." 
Dale's eyes were pinned on the point where Seven had seen the person, but as they got closer, it became apparent no one was there.
Seven looked in either direction down the street but kept walking. "It was just another one of the greeter bots like the one you smashed in the face earlier."
"Let's not stick around then. I really don't want to be here if that thing sees us."
"It won't hurt you if that's what you're thinking."
"I don't care. I want to get out of here as fast as I can. Where are we going?" 
"There's a transmission center at the center of the ring." She pointed straight up. "We just have to get there and everything else should be taken care of."
"Why can't we just go through one of those twisty mountain houses?"
"Well, I just don't want to."
"Why not? It leads directly to the center?"
"I don't feel right going through other people's homes."
"For all you know they're all dead. You're respecting dead people."
"They won't be dead. Overseers don't die. That's the way we're built."
Dale gave an exasperated gesture. "But you can be killed."
"Yes we can, but that still doesn't mean we will die."
"Isn't dying and being killed the same thing? At least it should be since you seem so keen on making this impossible."
"I'm sorry Dale. I'm trying to make this as straight forward as I can and I think there's a rift between what you know and what I know." She stopped, holding out her hand. "Here, let's try this."
"What do you want me to do with it?" Dale asked hesitantly.
"I want you to let me cover your eyes with my fingers. I'm going to transfer the pictures I have in my mind into your thoughts using your optical sensors."
Dale shrugged and let her take his face in her hand. She caressed it gently for a moment, wiping the hair away from his forehead, before putting her thumbs against his eyelids.
"When the overseers were younger, they were inclined to researching ways to make themselves immune to the effects of aging."
Dale felt images begin forming in his head. There was some kind of tank with a person floating at the center. A white robed man was holding a clipboard and monitoring the status of something that was written on the screen.
Seven continued. "In doing so, they hoped to share their knowledge with the younger generations and skip the necessary schooling and learning patterns that forced older overseers to pass on without sharing the full extent of their knowledge. This was to protect their investments in technology, sciences, and history. They hoped to save the great minds of their civilization so that they could teach and expound on what was already known, speeding up the process of advancement. As a side effect to this research, the overseers discovered that there was a kind of necessary component in the anti-aging serum that allowed for rapid regrowth and regeneration of physical tissue. So, if someone was to fall off a cliff and shatter their skull, their tissue would regenerate. Thus, even though they would have died, they would still be alive."
"What about if that person was submerged in acid for long periods of time?"
Seven laughed. "No one can survive that, moron. If there isn't enough tissue to regenerate and reconnect, then the body can't regenerate."
"Just out of curiosity, why exist at all? If you live for eternity, then what have you to gain?"
Seven smiled, "Perfection."
"Perfection?"
"Think about it. Give someone an eternity to do all the bad things they want to do with their lives, and eventually they will grow to hate those bad things they do. Their 'imperfections' will create barriers and obstacles until they reach a dead end."
"What if they take that dead end? Isn't it true that they will never get out?"
"No, they will eventually. Think about it. Eternity is forever. You have the rest of ETERNITY to get things right. Wouldn't you get bored of being imperfect after a while?"
"I guess so... Being imperfect only leads to temporary happiness..." Dale thought for a moment. "Hey, I just had a thought. What if you don't eat or drink for a really long time? Will you die?"
"I'm not entirely sure. No one has let themselves go for that long. I mean, even if our cells are in a constant state of wellbeing, they do need to run on SOME energy. I think it would be bad though. Maybe it would just take a really long time."
"How long would you say?"
"Anywhere between a couple of planetary revolutions and some vague multiple of that number."
"Geez. Half the world's population has trouble finding enough food for each day and you guys can live for years?"
"I think so."
"Remind me to turn you into a lab rat when I get back home. Everyone is going to love you."
Seven blinked. "That sounds like something I don't want to be."
"I was joking. Maybe though you can share some of the things you know and give a few blood samples."
"Why is it so important to you that I share what I know? You'll all learn it eventually. Just give it some time."
"Well, that's easy for you to say. You guys live with this stuff. If you share it, then we can all live in a better world right?"
"Better is relative. The beginning of eternity will eat away at those whose lives have been lengthened until they cannot bear the thought of existing any longer. They will fight, try to die. It will only after this experience that things will get better. Even then, there will be controversy over whether or not what was done was right. Give someone a change for the better and they will always fight it. But teach them to love that change and they will support it to the very end."
"Sounds rough. I would argue against this, but it's already happened for the overseers. Well, I guess it's been done by the overseers. You never actually said if it's been this way for a long time and not had the opportunity to relapse back to war and fighting."
"The overseers never actually became set in this pattern of peace until more recently. It took them a long time to realize what was important. Anyway, while you've been drifting off, we've made our way to the tower."
Dale looked up. He'd been staring at his feet the whole time absorbing the conversation. There was an opening like an elevator shaft before them. Seven stepped forward into a box. Dale followed.
"What are the odds that anyone is actually still here?" Seven asked.
"I don’t know. It looks pretty empty don't you think?"
"Looks can be deceiving."
"That's true. Does that mean you think there are actual people here?" Dale asked.
"Well, actual people and people are the same thing so I would say..." Seven looked up, her pointer finger placed on her lip. "Unlikely considering how long this station has been here."
"Everything still looks well cared for. Then again, those robots seem pretty bent on serving us."
As if to prove his point, a greeter bot came in to view and began spraying some kind of chemical into a planter just across the way.
"Question solved I guess." Seven said.
"Yeah I guess so."
The elevator started moving up, accelerating at a speed much faster than Dale would have liked. Dale backed up against the glass and held tight to the metal railing there as the ground drew away until the curve of the space station became prominent, slowly bowing out as the gravity decreased in the elevator car.
"No gravity up here?" Dale asked.
"Some people like experience zero gravity. This is pretty much a floating resort. Everyone wants something unexpected."
"But the only way to get here is by using a ship right?"
"Well, not exactly. We have slit hole connections. And the ship we came in is very much a standard. There aren't many ships left without dead particle gravity fields."
"I see." Dale said. "Well, I'm pretty much bored and tired with this whole thing. What time is it?"
"Well, it's about time to sleep if that's what you're asking."
"Definitely. That's definitely what I'm asking." Dale grabbed her hands and spun her around in the zero g environment. Seven laughed.
"What are you doing?" Seven asked through a grin.
"I'm trying to lighten things up with some romance."
"In an elevator car?"
"Where else?"
Seven laughed. "Save it for some other time, we're kind of busy right now."
"You're busy, Seven. But I on the other hand, am as free as a bird."
The elevator slowed down until they were floating up against the ceiling of the car. 
"That's true." Seven laughed, "Just try not to get lost while I figure out where those transmissions came from."
"Sure thing." Dale said, taking Seven's hand.
Seven pushed out into the open space just beyond, Dale following closely behind as her hand was in his own.
There wasn't much beyond besides a series of consoles that lined the inner shell of the room. A few plants were suspended at the center, twisting and weaving around themselves and their planter, but nothing else.
"Come on. Let's get this over with so we can get back to the ship." Seven said, pulling herself over to the nearest console. Dale just shrugged, sidling over to the empty space next to the touch to thought input.
"So how about we go out for dinner sometime? Just you and me."
"That's sounds great." Seven splayed her hand over the black surface her eyes closing. "Just remember that I have no idea what it means to go out to dinner. What is that? Eating food or something?"
"Yeah, something like that."
"Well, how about we do that when we get back to the ship."
"Sure."
Seven's eyes flicked open for a moment and she smiled at Dale. "You don't have to pretend to be tough. I get you well enough and I'm not going anywhere. Just think of me as an attached puppy."
"Well you haven't exactly been alive for very long so you know, on the off chance you meet some guy that blows you away, and I’d like to make some positive impressions of my own first."
She laughed. "Dale, I have the memories of several thousand years in my head. I doubt there's anyone else who I could get along better with." She closed her eyes again.
"Eh. Good point." Dale rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "So what kind of guys do you have in your memories?"
"Just the average sort. I doubt you'd find them very good company."
"Uhuh. I don't really understand what that means."
"Well, maybe that means it's unimportant."
"That's true. It could be."
Seven made a few gestures with her hand. "I got it."
"What's the transmission say?"
"Well, it's not so much a transmission as a face to face conversation between the overseers here and those at higher command."
"And?" Dale asked.
"And it looks like they evacuated because of an inside take over." Seven sighed when she saw Dale's expression. "It means that basically someone staged a government coup. The systems were shut down because it turned in to a war. This planet was one of the last to find out."
"So much for your perfect society." Dale said.
"Dale, it was perfect. It just didn't end the way we'd hoped."
 "So what happened afterwards?"
"No idea. I think everyone just moved on and forgot about the miners here. The overseers control an incredibly vast network of planets and systems. It would be possible for a few to be overlooked."
"I guess this leaves us with a choice then doesn’t it?"
"What choice is that?" Seven asked.
"Either we figure out what really happened out there, or we go home."
"What's done here is long past gone. It's been thousands of years. Do you even have the slightest idea what that means?" Seven countered.
"Well, yeah I guess so."
"Any evidence of past conflict will have sorted itself out by now."
"Maybe." Dale trailed off thoughtfully. "Okay. I'll make you a deal. If we go back home and neither of us likes it, we can go off and explore the universe. Sound like a plan?"
"If that's what you want I guess." Seven said. "But on one condition. If neither of us like it back home, then we'll send someone else out to figure out what's going on. I'm done with all this."
"Sure. Fine, whatever."
"Okay."
"So anything else on there?"
"Just a few journal entries from passengers."
"Can you access them?"
"No. Well, maybe. These messages are encoded to specific people. I can't just get in to the system and read anything I want."
"Well how did you read the other message then?"
"That was an alert sent out to everyone on the space station. It was a public file."
"You guys have weird priorities."
"Well that's not my fault so take it up with the dead people, okay?"
Dale laughed. "So you ready to go?"
"Yeah, I don't want to be here any longer."
Dale shrugged again and they left through the elevator.
"Would you say you have any parents?" Dale asked once they'd stepped off the car and started down the path.
"Well, I have a culmination of DNA sequencing borrowed from several different sources, but I guess if you're asking about parents as in 'who birthed and raised you' I would say it was the computer. He's given me everything I need to know."
"So it just occurred to me, how did the overseers get into creating other overseers? That sort of stuff was banned back home when the people began fighting over the morality of it."
"It started in the darker corners of research. No one really knew what was going on until the scientists approached the consumers with their solution to the imperfections, learning curves, and incompatibility that arises in the more natural born individuals. If you ask me, I'd say a lot of people chose to accept their research and their 'gifts' because it would allow for a much easier, more efficient way of populating the growing expanse of overseer Space. Wouldn't you choose this way if it meant you'd be given a perfect child every time? I guess not even that, but a fully functioning, fully moral adult? That would be perfection wouldn't it?"
"That would definitely explain why your society ended up where it did."
"We don't think about the negative effects of the research and we choose not to pry in to the why's or how's of the process, but it's benefited us in an incredible amount of ways." Seven stopped and Dale bumped in to her.
"What?" Dale asked.
"We're here. Come on." She grabbed his hand again and started jogging down the exit ramp to the ship.
The greeter bot was still lying inert where Dale had punched it before.
"I don't think it's blocking the door." Dale said, inching behind Seven as they went around it.
"No, I think you're right." 
When they were both inside, Seven hit the door console and the door closed. They both sighed.
"You know, I'm starting to take a shining to this ship. It feels kind of safe after walking around in that huge ring they call a space station."
"I totally agree with you. We should get out of here."
Seven sat down at the table next to the commander’s chair and started working on the surface.
"Seven, I'm going to set our destination for Earth. I think we can make a good statement about life existing on other planets with this kind of technology."
"Your people haven't discovered other intelligent life yet?"
"Well, kind of I guess. We've found evidence of planets that can be populated but we haven't made contact or found evidence of intelligent life. All pictures we get back from our telescopes are thousands upon thousands of years old."
"I'm sorry to hear that. Discovering another strain of humans in the universe is one of the great joys of being a part of the overseers. We have the opportunity to share what we know with those who know nothing." Seven paused. "I know this isn't entirely relevant, but the overseers who threw the coup were natural born. They were tired of our constant perfections until they decided we weren't true people. They thought they were the only ones who deserved to control the course of our great society."
"You got all that from the message?"
"It was a private discourse between the messenger and the receiver. It contained everything they knew about the government's change of hands."
"I can only imagine what it would be like to be overthrown by your creators. I guess they aren't really creators as much as manipulators but still. I think that kind of action isn't appropriate. Did they say how many were killed in the process?"
"Killed? Many were detained, but none were killed. There is no allowance of death for us. We are protected from any such action by our own creations."
"Your own creations?"
"Yes, we created security systems to ensure our specie's peace. Our species meaning all life within society, whether they be natural or unnatural. The very thought of one of us killing another is insane. If that were possible, the results could end catastrophically. Such is the way of the unnatural born."
"Well, I'm glad you aren't crazy." He got up, put his arms around her and kissed her softly. "I think I'm falling for you Seven. I think you might really be the one for me."
"You doubted, didn't you?" She smiled and put her arms around his neck, pulling him in for another kiss. "I knew there was something you were hiding. I think you're wonderful too, Dale. And I think we should make a go of spending the rest of our lives together." She pulled at the zipper keeping Dale's suit around his body. "I think we should make a go of it right now in fact."
"Seven, I think it isn't the right time to become this thing you want me to be. We have customs in my world. Customs of marriage where we promise to live with one another for the rest of our lives. Even sometimes for all of eternity and beyond if that is what we desire. But, for me, I cannot accept this thing you are offering until we are married. We will marry, Seven, there is no doubt of that. But until then, we must stay diligent and strong. I would not wish for anything else."
Seven seemed confused by this, but her expression softened after some thought. "Dale, I understand. I will wait until we are married. If that is what you want then I want that too. I'm sorry." She let her head fall, looking ashamed.
"Seven it's not your fault. You didn't know." Dale lifted her chin with a finger, and kissed her again gently. "We'll make it work. You don't have to worry or be afraid that it won't." 
"I understand." Seven didn't stop frowning, but she seemed to understand why he was asking this and she accepted that. She turned back to the console and pressed her fingers on to the surface. "Dale, it's time to break away from the station."
Dale sighed and went back to the command chair. "Let’s get out of here. I'm tired of that big thing floating above my head."
There was a crunch as the metal holding clamps released the ship from the space station. Dale sighed to himself and sat back in his chair. He really wasn't interested in watching this round of movement, but the scene above him stole his attention anyway. It was almost as if the entire world was falling out of the sky, the dome displaying their own personal movie in a sweeping, cinematic scene. Dale's eyes were glued to the microscopic trees and plants that had taken root in the station's inhabitant's neighborhoods and fields.
"Seven, have you ever seen anything so beautiful?" Dale asked.
Seven laughed. "What's with the sudden change of heart? You were complaining about the view like two seconds ago."
"It's not that I didn't like the view, it's just that this whole abandoned space station thing is kind of freaking me out."
"It's not abandoned." Seven countered.
"What do you mean it's not abandoned? There's literally no one left to run the place."
"What do you think the greeter bots are doing all day, huh? Running rampant through the streets?"
"No, well yeah. Kind of. They don't really count."
"What do you mean they don't count? They're creations, just like me. Does that mean I'm not a person too?"
"No, Seven, you're the furthest thing from not counting as a person, but think about it. If they don't exist in the same capacity as us, then are they really people?"
"Yeah, they are. How would you feel if a robot told you that you didn't count as a person because you were born organically? Wouldn't you feel upset at all?"
"Not really, because I'm honestly not a robot and robots don't really have the authority to say whether or not I count as a person. At least, that's how I see it."
"Tell me Dale, how far has your society come with its technology in artificial intelligence?"
"Well, we're pretty far along I'd say."
"And what have they started doing now that they've been in research for so long?"
"I..." Dale thought for a moment. "They've started acting like people."
"And how does that make you feel about them?"
"It makes me think they should be treated like people."
"Exactly. Now imagine you've developed a technology that allows you to create a human being at any time and at any age, wouldn't the technology involved in the creation of artificial intelligence be the organic equivalent? And if so, then it would be impossible to understand the brain without first understanding what makes us human, which can be achieved through a thorough comprehension of cause to effect, habit, knowledge, and predetermined variables that define particular personality traits. This is obviously not a complete list, but I think it makes my point."
"Sure, okay. I get it: Robots here are like people and I shouldn't judge them because of the skin they wear."
"Yes. Actually, if you want to get technical, most robots are more human than people are, which is weird considering we've made them after our own image and such."
"Huh. Yeah, I guess so."
The space station had disappeared from above them. Now, only the depths of space sat between Dale and his home planet. Seven was busy at the console, sliding her fingers back and forth, watching some imaginary thing floating in the air in front of her. Dale watched for a while, entranced by the beauty of her movements. She carried herself in a way that spoke of absolute attention, completely absorbed in the task at hand. Dale left the command chair. He walked up to Seven and put his arms around her.
"Seven, I need a favor."
"What is it?" She said, moving her head ever so slightly to face him.
Dale didn't respond, instead, he kissed her hard, feeling her lips press against his own. Seven had been taken unaware, but only needed a moment before returning the kiss with just as much force. They stayed like that for a moment, Seven's hands having strayed from the console to return the hug.
Dale was tempted to take her to the floor, but that voice in the back of his mind warned him of the consequences. Reluctantly, he pulled himself away. Seven's gaze was set on the floor as a feeling of peace washed over her.
"Why did you do that?" She asked.
"I wanted you to know how I feel about you."
"You don't need to kiss me to remind me." Seven said. Her mouth pulled itself into a soft smile. "I know you love me."
"I know, but sometimes it's important to show how I feel. Otherwise I'll just waste away with all these emotions and joys unexpressed to the person I’ve been given to love. Can you imagine that Seven? A world where emotions and feelings are unexpressed: Hidden away like some disease to rot from the inside out? Can you see these things as I've seen them?"
"Yes," Seven said, "I can see these things, but I'm here now and you don't have to worry about the past anymore." She looked up shyly from the floor. "Isn't that enough?"
"Yes," Dale said, "That's enough."
"Then come here. I want to show you something."
She stood up and took Dale's hand, leading him to the command chair. He sat down and Seven pressed herself gently on to his lap.
"I showed you how the ship's interface works already, but I want you to see something that expresses my own love for you." She said. "Put your hand on the console."
Dale did so without saying anything, not knowing what to expect. Without warning, his mind was flooded with the beauty of the universe, from the smallest creatures, to the greatest galaxies, his eyes were opened to all of it, to fill his thoughts and his feelings with the purity of the love Seven felt for him.
Dale smiled, and looked to where Seven sat, her smile lighting up his world in ways that no one had ever done before. He kissed her again, gently this time and without passion: A kiss that spoke of soft love.
"You wanted to see the universe didn't you? Under all that uncaring, your heart is soft."
"Thank you seven, thank you for this."
She didn't reply, only hug him, her face pressed gently against his chest.
When she was gone, Dale felt it to be too soon. Her warmth lingered in his hands and he wished it to stay there forever. Seven had gone back to her seat, pressing her fingers into the surface again. 
Dale watched her for a while before putting his hands back on to the control plate. His fingers disappeared, replaced with the image of a vast and flowing series of lines, circles, and dots that seemed to follow no general pattern. It took him a moment to realize that these lines were a visual representation of the gestures and movements being sent to the computer by Seven. He focused back on Seven who was sitting in her chair, and sure enough, every line she drew was mirrored by the images he saw being displayed in his thoughts. He closed his eyes, picturing the things Seven was doing. At first, he was overtaken by the complexity of her actions, but slowly his mind adjusted to the speed and chaotic way in which she was working.
Seven was slowly but surely connecting the dots between star systems, planets, and galaxies to find trace similarities between Dale's home world and their location. As far as Dale could tell she'd scanned a vast amount of space, and only held a select few star systems in her quarantine for possible matches. Dale sifted through these quickly, not recognizing a single planet out of all the ones she'd already picked out.
"Why're you pulling so many systems out in to quarantine?" Dale asked.
"I need to find the path your ship took to get here. If I can find a direct line of systems that carry your ship's molecular trace then I can start pinpointing specific galaxies and star systems I think are relevant."
Dale pushed his fingers around until he'd pulled back on the map enough to see what she meant. At first, the points she'd quarantined were close together and random, but as they spread further from their location, there grew a very distinct line of points, growing further and further apart until the space between grew almost unimaginable.
"So you're doing all this with that particle resonance technology right?" Dale asked.
"Yeah, you're seeing a live feed."
"Why not just have the computer figure it out?"
Seven smiled, "That would take all the fun out of it, wouldn't it?"
"I suppose so. You are being very impressive right now, I'll admit that much." He said playfully.
"Well thank you, I do take pride in my skills, even if they're a part of someone else's list of long term attributes to add to our repertoire of capabilities."
"And that's exactly why I love you." He said smiling towards her. What if one day you woke up without these memories and thoughts in your head? What if you sustained a concussion, causing you to lose everything you've ever been taught and given to think?"
"Well, if that were to happen, I'm sure you'd be capable of filling me in on the finer details. I'm not worried." She smiled back at him, lifting his heavy thoughts for just a moment. "You'll take care of me, I don't have any worries about that. And besides, secretly, I'm madly in love with you so you'll know how deeply I care about you too."
"I guess I can't argue with that."
"You don't have to."
"I know."
Seven pushed herself away from the table and stood up, throwing her arms up in a quick stretch. "Dale, I'm done. I found your home planet but I'm exhausted. I'm going back to my cabin to sleep. Are you fine here? Or are you interested in joining me? There are two beds in two separate rooms, but if you want, I could give you some extra warmth."
"I think that would be great." Dale said. He stood up as well. "Which room is yours?"
"It's just this way. We passed it on our way up to the bridge."
"Okay."
Seven took his hand and led him out of the room. He followed just behind as they went down the flight of stairs, stopping at the second door way on the landing just below.
"Well, this is my room." Seven said, "Come with me."
They went in.
Just inside was a simple bed and a dresser. A door led out to what Dale assumed was the restroom and just beyond the door was a desk similar to the command console on the bridge.
Dale yawned widely. He hadn't realized how tired he was. Seven started to look through her drawers. 
"That's fine. I'm not interested in going any further if that isn't what you want too." She shrugged and sat own on the bed.
"Seven there's no one I've found more attractive than you. There's no one who even compares."
Seven didn't say anything, just pulled the covers over and turn her back. Dale shook his head and went back to his room. He fell asleep shortly after.
It wasn't until much later that he awoke. Seven was gone by then and she wasn’t in her room. He went back up to the bridge to find Seven sitting at the console.
Seven turned when she heard Dale come in through the door. The first thing she noticed was the clothes he was wearing, the old spacesuit he'd landed in before they'd first met.
"Dale, you need new clothes." She said.
"And where can one find these clothes exactly?"
"Just go to your room. It's there in the dresser."
"Thanks." Dale turned to go, but paused for a moment. “Is this what one usually wears?”
"Pretty much." Seven said. She sighed. "Go get dressed. I'll be here when you're gone."
"Sure thing." Dale went back to his room.
The set up was just the same as Seven's room. The only difference, however, was the furniture was reversed in a mirror image of the other room. Dale checked the top drawer and found a set of clothes just like the one Seven was wearing: A one piece jumpsuit not unlike the kind he wore back home between missions. He grabbed one along with a set of under clothes. From what he could tell, everything would fit perfectly. He turned to the door leading back to the bathroom and went in. It was simple, with a basic sink, a shower with some kind of spotted ceiling, and a basic toilet. He put his suit down and took his shower. 
The water fell from the spots in the ceiling like some kind of cleansing rain. There was no soap or shampoo, but Dale felt refreshed by the falling water. He started to relax.
After he’d dressed, he found Seven sitting on his bed.
“What are you doing here?” Dale asked.
"Nothing," she said, "But if you're okay with it, I'd like to take the opportunity to just be with you for a moment. I'm trusting you Dale, please understand that." She stood up and came closer.
Dale put his back to her and closed his eyes. "Seven, am I doing something you don’t want me to do right now? I’m trying to meet your expectations as a synthetic. I get that it’s supposed to be hard but I want it to work out just as much as you do."
"I know how much you care about me Dale, I just wanted to talk. I'm here to get to know you better and I thought we could have a quiet moment to do it. I just wanted to talk to you."
"Okay, I understand." Dale leaned his head against the wall. "What do you want to talk about?" He asked.
"About you; what you love what you hate, your childhood, memories you have from your home world, things you want from me. We just need to talk. Talk about everything."
"That's true." Dale was silent for a moment. "Seven, I was born younger than most, prematurely, and it led to many complications during my childhood. I was weaker than the others in my age group, and I was picked on by those who wanted me to give up. I think they were afraid of me but I'm not sure. It's impossible to know why children do the things they do to each other. Anyway, I was one of three in my family, the oldest with the most to prove, but being the oldest meant I had to be strong for the others. No one wanted to give me any slack. I was the one who took the brunt of the anger from my parents because of my weakness."
"Dale, I know I'm interrupting, but you said you were weak when you were young." She touched his arm. "You aren’t weak, and your mind is strong. What happened to change that?"
Dale let out a sigh, "I got tough. I gave up on being the nice one and I picked on the other kids. Soon, I was the one the others ran to their parents about. My life became one of terror and fear."
"Fear for yourself?"
"No, fear for those around me." He shook his head, "I kept turning and turning, not knowing where to go. And then I heard about the expansion programs: These things that kept popping up all over, claiming to have the technology to colonize the deep space zones and the other planets and moons. I thought to myself: 'This is the only way the others can be free. I must leave, or live with the burden of knowing that every day I hurt more people.' The story after that is best summed up quickly: I joined an expedition to the moons of our most distant planets, finding my place in the darkness and the silence until the day when I was given the chance to reach out and touch that ancient object. The only thing I remember after that was waking up to the unpleasant face of that Robby character."
Seven laughed. "Well, your story definitely has more kick than mine. I was born in a rapid cell replication machine in the space of about thirty seconds. Kudos to you I guess for having a real life."
Dale reached back and took her hand, "It’s not about where you came from that's important. It's what you do with what you've got that makes the difference."
"That's true." Seven said.
Seven stepped back and pretended to brush something off of her shoulder. "I'm done for now Dale, thanks for talking. It means a lot to me." She left.
Dale felt her leave just as suddenly as she'd come. He turned to the dresser and sighed before picking up his spacesuit and shoving it in one of the drawers. He searched the room quickly and went back up to the bridge. Seven was there again, almost as if she'd never left. Her smile was bright when he sat down in the command chair.
"Good news." Seven said. "We're almost home."
Dale shook his head, "Wow that was quick. Does it normally take this much time to travel across the universe?"
"No actually, it usually takes less time, but there are a lot of obstacles in our way."
"I can't wrap my head around that." Dale said. "How much longer will it take from now until we get there?"
"Maybe enough time to eat. Not much longer than that."
"Sounds like a plan." Dale patted his hands against the arm rests. "Seven, there are so many places and things I want to share with you when we get back home. Just think about it: You can see what it's like on the world we're going to raise our children on. Doesn't that make you happy just to think about it?"
Seven's smile was soft. "I'm excited." She thought for a moment. "Do you think we'll be able to make the children?"
Dale frowned, "I'm not sure."
"I know that in truth we're biologically compatible, but there are doubts at the back of my mind that I can't shake. It's eating a hole in me."
"Seven, why didn't you tell me sooner?" Dale asked.
"I didn't want to bother you. You seemed so happy. That was more important to me than my worries."
"Come here." Dale said.
Seven came and sat on his lap.
"Everything is going to be fine." He said, hugging her tightly. Just don't worry too much. If we're supposed to have children we're going to have them. Everything will work out the way it's supposed to."
"Thanks Dale. That means a lot to me." Seven nestled into Dale's chest. Dale kept her close, content not to move her.
After a while, Dale put his hand on the console, wondering where they were. The map came up again, blocking out his view of the table surface. Their ship was slowly making its way through a cluster of stars. Dale looked up. The stars were visible above. He counted three, circling about one another in a ballet that would take millions of years to reach its end. He set his chin on Seven's head before snuffing his face into her hair. She smelled like no one he'd ever known before, almost as if the smell she carried was made just for him. He took a deep breath, content to stay in the warmth of her embrace forever. Her hair was brown, the same color as her eyes, and the reason why he was so taken with her. She was complete in ways no other girl was complete, both in body and in mind. A fresh spurt of love filled his chest, causing him to squeeze her gently. She looked up, her eyes droopy, but her smile just as bright as it had ever been. He kissed her on the forehead.
"So what now, Seven?" Dale asked.
"I need to get back to my seat." She sounded regretful, but she stood up and went to her chair, resuming her intricate fingerings and drawings on the table surface.
Dale sat for a moment, frowning in contemplation. "Seven, do you like warmer climates or colder climates? Which do you prefer?"
"Warmer. There's more chance for me to be confident in myself if I can wear attractive clothing. Brown skin is also something I want. I'm sure that's something you want too."
"That's true. I'm not sure could live a wife who was deathly pale all the time."
Seven laughed. "Well, you'll get your wish if that's what you want."
"Does this mean having a sun tanned skin is attractive to the overseers?"
"I guess so. But, like all things, it depends on who you ask."
Dale nodded and thought some more. "Seven, I think I need to be honest with you."
Seven stopped what she was doing and gave Dale her full attention. "What's in your head right now Dale?"
"I wanted to tell you why I'm so very opposed to having relations before marriage."
Seven looked sympathetic and Dale continued. "I don't want to mess everything up you know? Doing that stuff changes things and I don't know if I could be okay with that. I just don't really know how to love someone either. I cringe at the thought of physical contact with most people and this is no different. Can you help me figure out why these things are the way they are?"
Seven thought for a moment before responding. "Dale, I think what you need is a reminder of what's important. I share what I love with you because I know you can handle it. If you couldn't handle it then I'd be right here to help you through whatever emotional turmoil you might have. Don't worry about the things you've done or may one day do. Instead, choose to remember, and don't forget. These things are more important than worry. They will prepare you for the future, just don't lose sight of what you think and how you feel. If you can do that, you'll always end up where you want to be."
They both waited in silence. Dale's eyes were on the ground, admiring some kind of speck that was slowly moving across the floor. Seven's hands were placed on the console, hunched over, with her eyes set on Dale.
"Seven, you mentioned breakfast earlier?"
"Yeah. You want to go eat something before we land?"
Dale smiled, "That sounds great."
There was a small mess hall just off to the left of the living quarters. A single table sat in the center. The only other defining feature was the wall plate in the back, similar to the console surface on the bridge. 
"Just touch that." Seven said, pointing to the square plate on the wall. "The computer will analyze what you're hungry for. It'll dish it out of this slot here."
Dale put his hand against the plate. Nothing seemed to happen.
"Am I supposed to know when it's done?" Dale asked.
"Don't worry, just wait a second. It'll be done in a moment."
Seven put her hand against the plate as well, closing her eyes for a moment in pleasant contemplation.
"Where are you thinking about?" Dale asked.
"I'm thinking about how wonderful it will be to eat my first meal." She opened her eyes and smiled at Dale. "Isn't that something worth being happy about?"
Dale laughed. "Yes, I guess that really is something worth being happy about."
"You really think so? You're not just saying that to agree with me?"
"Yeah, personally I dig food. It's one of my favorite things ever."
"I'm really excited. My memories tell me that food is something really enjoyable. Do you think it will be as good as you say it is?"
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's just as good as you think it will be. This thing makes the food exactly the way you want it to be, right? I doubt it could mess anything up bad enough to make you hate eating." Dale thought for a moment. "Do you have some kind of alternative to eating? Is that something that exists?"
"Yes, but right now I want to focus on the possibility of eating for the first time."
"Right." Dale conceded. He sat down at the table and set his head down. "How much longer is this going to take? I'm starving right now."
"Just a moment longer." A bowl of warm mush popped out of the table, startling Dale. He eyed it suspiciously before poking it with his finger.
"Is this supposed to make me want to eat it?" Dale asked.
"I'm not sure. I'm probably the wrong person to ask.
"Seven, you practically know everything the universe has to offer. How can you not know if it's supposed to look like this or not?"
"Well, I don't know what you were thinking when you put your hand on the sensor plate. Maybe you weren't fully aware of what you wanted?"
Dale grunted and picked up a spoon from where it had materialized on the table. He stuck it in the bowl and hesitantly lifted the mush to his mouth. "Here goes nothing." He said.
Dale's expression shifted from suspicion to one of pleasure when the sweet sensation of a crunchy eggroll filled his mouth. He took another bite.
"Seven, if there's anything I don't regret about ending up on an alien space craft with a beautiful woman it is this: The food here is to die for. Take it from me. I've been eating food for almost thirty years."
"It sounds like you're really enjoying this food substance." Seven said with a grin. She sat down across from him. A bowl and a spoon came up from the surface of the table just as Dales had done. The contents of the bowl was identical as well.
"Here goes nothing, as you say." Seven took a spoonful of her own mush and put it in her mouth. Her expression changed several times as she chewed. 
"What do you think?" Dale asked.
"You should try it."
"Sure. You want to trade?"
"Yeah." Seven said, pushing her bowl across the table. Dale pushed his towards her as well before tasting Seven's mush. His expression was sour.
"Your food tastes like dandelions. Why does your first meal have to be a weed?"
"If you think my food is bad, yours is definitely just as terrible."
"What? Why is it terrible?"
"It tastes like processed garbage." Seven said, pushing his bowl back to him.
"To each their own then." Dale pushed Seven's back, taking his own bowl and digging in.
They both sat in silence. The only sound that could be heard was the clink as the spoon occasionally made contact with the bowl.
Dale sat up when he was done. "Seven. I'm bored. Can we see anything entertaining?"
"Sure. There are lots of ways to entertain yourself. Most of them involve labor of some kind. If that isn't what you want though, we can just talk. I have a lot I can tell you."
"Okay, I think I'll just ask you questions. I'm really not in the mood to do anything more than talk."
"That's fine." Seven considered a thought for a moment. "Would you like to know what I want to do right now?"
"What is that?"
"I want to experience some of the things I've been given to think about."
"What things in particular do you want to experience?"
"Freedom." Seven said, smiling sadly. "A life without bondage to these memories inside. To start out fresh. To know the world in new ways that haven't been known before."
There was a pause.
"Seven, when we get to my home planet, you'll be as free as a bird. I promise."
"Thanks Dale. Does that mean I won't have to speak up for the things I know?"
"That was always your choice to make. If you don't want to share then I'm sure we'll find out about the technologies and things that you've created in your worlds eventually. I'm not afraid of that."
Seven stared off into space for a moment. "I'm going to go take a nap. Make sure you get me before we land."
She stood up, leaving the bowl on the table.
"You just woke up. Why are you going back to bed?"
"To think. I need some time alone to analyze everything that's going through my thoughts."
"Can't we do that together?" Dale asked.
"No, I need to come to grips with a few things that are bothering me. It's nothing that can be helped with."
"Oh, okay. I'll see you later then."
"See you later."
Seven left the room.
Dale didn't move for a moment. He just stared at Seven's bowl as it dissolved back into the table, erasing all traces of her presence.
Dale sat for a moment, not entirely sure what he should do now. He got up and went back to the bridge, content to sit until they'd reached Earth.

Seven went back to her room and cried. She didn't know why, but the overwhelming feeling of rejection and misery flooded through her. It was irrational, but it was sensible in a way too. She was lying face forward, her head buried in her pillow as the tears quietly came, soaking the cover. 
It wasn't until Dale came back that she brushed at her eyes, trying her best to hide her tears.
"We're here, Seven."
"Okay. Just give me a moment to get ready."
Dale noticed the puffiness of her eyes. "Seven, are you okay?"
She nodded to herself. "Yes, I'm okay. Don't worry about me too much, I'm just getting through some difficult emotions right now."
Dale sat down on the bed next to her. "You don't have to hide what you're feeling. You can tell me."
Seven seemed to give in. Her body relaxed as if she were dropping an invisible burden.
"Dale, I'm scared."
"About what?"
"About everything: You, me, life. What's going to happen Dale? There's so much I'm not sure how to do. What if I mess up or get it wrong? What if I get hurt in the process?"
"Seven, if anything happens to you, I'm going to make sure everything ends the way it's supposed to. Don't worry anymore. Everything will be okay. You've said so yourself."
"I know. I just can't help feeling like something's not right. Do you think I'm wrong to be scared?"
"No, you have every right to be scared." Dale took her in his arms. "I just wish I could help you with everything that's going on inside."
"It's okay. Everything will be alright. I just need to calm down."
Dale gave Seven a reassuring smile. "I'll be outside. Take your time."
Dale put his hand on Seven's cheek and kissed her on the forehead before leaving. She sat, hunched over for a moment longer. After, she stretched, releasing all the tension in her body, standing up with her arms up in the air. 
When Seven left the ship, she found Dale staring off into the distance. His eyes were pointing directly to a patch of scorch marks; a set of giant gouges that rutted the land as far as Seven could see. Nothing else except the bleak grey of dust covered the area.
"Seven, there's nothing here. What happened to this place?" Dale asked.
"Why do you ask? Does your world not usually look like this?"
Dale didn't respond. He ran back into the ship, tripping through the door and falling to the floor. Seven lost sight of him when got back up.
"Dale!" Seven called. "What's wrong?" She ran inside after him.

When Dale got back to the bridge, he stuck his hands down on the control surface, letting the particle simulation fill his mind as he searched for some sign of life on his home planet. His fingers flew across the table as he scanned, unable to find even a single tree or creature.
"There has to be someone here." Dale said when he felt Seven enter the room. "This isn't possible. There were billions of people when I blacked out. How can there be no one?" Dale stopped. "Seven, are you sure this is the right world?"
"Dale, there's no way I'm wrong."
"No, that can't be true." Dale faced her. "Look again. This planet is barren. There's nothing here. How can you say this is the right place?"
"Because it is." Seven sighed. "Have you tried looking at the planet as a whole instead of as parts? Does it not look familiar to you?"
Dale hesitantly zoomed out until the continents began to fill his vision. A growing feeling of dread filled him as the planet's familiar shapes began to form in front of him. He took his hands from the surface. "Dale, what am I supposed to do? These projections are telling me there's no one left. What happened here?"
"Dale, I'm sorry. I don't know." Her voice was sad.
There was silence for a moment.
"Do you think there are any overseers left too?"
A sound like crunching rocks came from outside, cutting Seven off before she could respond.
A mysterious voice seemed to speak from everywhere and nowhere at the same time.
"You have trespassed on dead world property. You are to leave your ship immediately and face imprisonment for this crime. Do not resist. We will be forced to take lethal action if you do not comply."
Dale looked to Seven. "We need to go outside."
Seven nodded uncertainly. She followed without saying anything until they stood back outside the ship. "I don't recognize their spacecraft." She said, referring to the smaller, sharp looking vessel sitting a short distance away.
A single person came down from the other ship, taking their time in getting within speaking distance.
"What's going on here?" Dale asked. "Last time I was on this planet it was a flourishing society."
"Times changed. The inhabitants here started a war that would consume the full extent of its population. Can you imagine? A world so consumed with war that it would destroy everything it had ever created? Including it’s oh so promising space program." The person was wearing a helmet, blocking out their gender. "But anyway, that isn't why we're all standing here is it? You're trespassing. The penalty as stated by law is clear: Death, or life imprisonment. Which do you prefer? I guess honestly you have your whole lives to decide so whatever."
"You haven't even done anything yet. How can you say we're going to spend our lives in prison if you haven't taken us into custody?" Dale asked.
"Dale, there are things you should understand that you don't. Now is not the time to show ignorance. Stay silent."
Seven put her hand on Dale's arm. "We were unaware of the status of this planet. Our information is outdated. We ask for your forgiveness."
"The law does not adhere to ignorance. You are required to turn yourselves in to the nearest prison complex. Your ship is now tagged." The person turned back to their ship. "There is no discussion. Your lives are now property of the Overseers."
Dale ad Seven were silent as the person returned to their ship, taking off shortly thereafter.
"This is garbage." Dale said resentfully. "What gives them the right to say what's allowed and what's not allowed?"
Seven's eyes were downcast. "We can't do anything about this. We have to comply. There's no other option."
"How can you even say that? We should just leave right now. And try to escape."
"Were you even listening? It's over. Our ship has been tagged. That means we can't go anywhere without getting blown out of the sky. The world I live in is harsh. There are no mistakes."
Dale clenched his fists. His mouth was scrunched.
Seven took Dale's arm. "We need to go." She led him back inside.
Dale allowed himself to be dragged behind. He was still in shock from the speed in which his world had turned around. Even when Seven set him down on his bed, he didn't register the kindness with which she put the covers over him. His mind was distant, caught up in memories from an earlier time. It didn't take long for his mind to shut down completely as his body sought the organizing influence of sleep.

Seven was on the bridge, locating the closest prison. There was nothing she could do to fight. Her hands trailed across the console, looking and seeing only vague indications of potentially acceptable prisons, not that there was any real difference between them.
Seven didn't want to tell Dale, but the prisons, from what her memories told her, were without equal. They contained simulators; Giant machines that processed and created individual realities.
If one were to spend enough time, the insanity of their realities would drive them to their deaths, often at the hands of their captors. The helmeted individual who'd condemned them was not bluffing when he said they had plenty of time to decide when they wanted to die. In truth, Seven was afraid they'd already been put under.

Seven put a set of coordinates in without a second thought. It was only a matter of time before the enforcers were to come and take their ship to the nearest station. She needed to get in contact with someone she remembered before that happened. Hopefully if all went well they'd be pardoned for their ignorance. Seven doubted it, but she had to make sure. She couldn't let her fear get in the way, otherwise she would hold herself accountable for Dale's fate. She was responsible for him. That's what it meant to be created for someone else. It wasn't slavery. It wasn't cruel. It was love. And, if she truly loved him, she would do everything she knew how to keep him safe. Even if the only reason she existed was because he'd unthinkingly asked for a girlfriend. That was something he had to reconcile with. She'd already come to terms with what he'd done. It scared her to think about what would happen when he realized the extent to which he had taken for granted the life of another person. She didn't know what he'd do, but she had to be there when it happened to help him through the pain. It was only a matter of time before he realized what he had done.

Dale's eyes were slow to open when he'd again regained consciousness. His hands were chained tightly to a set of rings that spread his arms and legs across a large, flat surface. He tried to look around, but all he could see was the shadows that the light that covered him could not penetrate. He pulled, trying to get his hands out of the metal cuffs to no avail. His feet were the same. He could not get the metal to break or slide from his ankles. Eventually he sat back defeated.
He closed his eyes for a short while, keeping his thoughts together.
Someone paced their way to the side of the table. Dale opened his eyes and squinted through the light to see who it was.
"Seven?" Dale said, trying to see her through the haze of his eyelashes.
"Hey Dale." She said, kneeling to meet him on eye level. "We've made it to a friend’s place."
"Seven, what's going on? Did we make it to the prison? Are we safe?"
Seven looked away. "Something happened to change the sentence. They said I could go."
Dale grinned. "That's wonderful! Did they say you have to do anything to get free? Are you okay?"
"I'm okay." Seven said. She sighed, keeping her eyes averted. "But I don't think they're going to let you go.
"What? Why?"
"You are of a natural birth from a planet that no longer carries sentient life. They decided you were a commodity they can't afford."
"Wait, who is 'they'? And how can they possibly say I'm a commodity?"
"You have experiences of war and treason that go beyond even the worst of our criminals. If you were ever to be judged by our laws, you would have been put under a hundred times before they thought you were clean."
"Clean? What are you talking about? I've never done anything in my life that is even remotely close to breaking the law. How can they say I deserve to be imprisoned for this?"
"I don't know." Seven said. She looked ashamed.
A siren went off for a moment.
Seven looked back to where she had come from. "Dale, I'm sorry. I have to go now. There is nothing I can do for you anymore." She closed her eyes. A tear escaped and fell down her cheek. "I said they're letting me go free, but that isn't true."
"Seven, what are they going to do to you?"
"Nothing."
"Nothing?"
Seven's lip began to tremble. "Dale, did you ever think about what it means to be created for someone else? To be formed and wired to care only about a single person for the rest of your life? Do you?"
Dale was silent.
"My punishment is to live without purpose. To live without the person for whom I was created. To me, that is worse than any hell they can put me through and I have no control over that." Seven stood and turned away. "I love you Dale. I'm sorry I've led you to this place."
Seven left without turning back. Dale's eyes were closed again. He didn't know what was coming, but he was certain that no matter what he suffered, Seven's pain would always be three times over.
He took a deep breath, willing himself to relax, and waited for his death.

It was only a few days since he'd been sent to penalize the trespassers on the planet Earth, but already Dirk was wondering if there was any meaning to it. He had been clear with his commanding officers that he meant to speak with them at some point about the state of these laws. They would listen as they always did, and he would allow his conscience to rest easy knowing that he had expressed the extent of his concern on the issue.
Dirk was sitting in the pilot’s chair of his ship, the Peace. The only other person on the ship was his copilot who was taking a rest in the seat just behind.
"Kane, you have any idea who we're supposed to meet when we get to the next prison facility?"
There was a grunt from the seat behind. "Some guy name Tehn. He was charged with several accounts of intentionally attempting to injure another person."
"Same person? Or different people?"
"What?"
"Did he try harming the same person over and over again? Or was he trying to hurt several different people?"
"He targeted several different people. My understanding is he was seeking some kind of outward attention. Didn't you get ahold of the profile like you were supposed to?"
"No. You know I only really know how to deal with people in the flesh right? Taking time out to learn things through other means irritates me."
"You could have scheduled a personality simulation if you'd seriously wanted to."
"I'm not interested. It messes with my mind too much."
Kane sniffed. "Yeah, that's how it is with a lot of people."
"You ever get that feeling?"
"Me? No, I know what I'm looking at when I work in the simulations."
"Huh, that just means you're lucky. I can't imagine what it would be like to be put under for the rest of my life. What a waste of potential."
"No, not a waste." Kane laughed. "It's not like you have potential anyway. You're as dimwitted as a rock."
Dirk laughed with Kane. "That's true."
"The punishments we give help keep the world a better place. Everyone is allowed to live their lives according to their own choices. If they break the rules, the consequences are set out in front of them. In fact, we often allow for first time transgressions if it fits the situation."
"Yeah, I know that." Dirk thought for a moment. "Those two who trespassed on Earth, they weren't given clearance for a second strike. I was ordered to provide the maximum sentence on sight."
"That was a special case."
"How so?"
Kane put a fist to his head. "You really need to read up on the reports. One of them had been in a capsule for the past five thousand years and the other was a synthetic. Both were expendable."
Why? What was their point of origin?"
"One of the abandoned mining planets. At least, the synthetic was created there. The other was from Earth before everything went haywire."
"Mph. I get it. The connection between the synthetic and the organic was formed by one of the computers right?"
"Yeah, the synthetic was a girl. In fact, the only reason she exists is because he asked for a 'lady friend.' Can you believe that?"
Dirk pursed his lips. "That doesn't sound like a good combination."
"No, it wasn't. We recorded their trip from beginning to end. Before they landed on Earth, the girl was having an emotional breakdown."
"That was going to get worse as time progressed."
"Yeah. It's sad though. They let her go after some debate between the others."
"Why?"
"To see her pay penance for her existence."
"Poor girl. I guess it couldn't be helped though. Wish she could have been someone else, right? That would have been a life saver for everyone."
"Yeah. The organic is being held in the simulators until he dies."
"Not an eternal organic then?"
"No, but they're thinking about letting him die quickly. It'll be easier for him. He's not really from our society."
"Well, I may go pay a visit to this synthetic you mentioned. It could help her a little to have some support."
Kane shrugged. "She's an older generation. She doesn't really know anything about our society now since her computer was cut off from the rest of the system."
"Still, I'm sure she would appreciate some company."
"Do you want me to come with you?"
"That’s up to you." Dirk tapped his fingers on the console dashboard. "Where is she right now?"
"She went back to the mining planet. The only creature she really knows is the computer. It's practically her father."
"I think I'll stop by for a while. I don't have anything else to do."
Kane rolled his eyes. "You could petition for a wife."
"I'm not interested. It just seems so impersonal to me."
"You lock people in prison. That's what you were made for. I'm pretty sure no one cares if you say having a wife made for you is an 'impersonal' experience."
"Well, call me crazy, but I care."
"Suit yourself."
"How's Mary by the way?"
"She's fine. We're debating whether or not to have organic children. She said she wants to have the experience."
Dirk laughed. "It's not like she doesn't already have those experiences in her memories."
"Yeah, I told her that, but it seems like this is something much more instinctual than memory."
"Hormones?"
"Yeah. She went to a biologist and had her reproductive systems activated. It's made her really moody lately."
"You guys still good?"
"What? Oh, yeah. Everything is fine. We're both really happy. It's just something unexpected is all."
"Unexpected." Dirk said, trailing off. "That's a word I haven't heard in a while."
"Yeah, well, we should get some rest before arriving on planet."
"There really isn't any time for that. We’ll be there shortly."
"That doesn't mean we can't get our thoughts together."
"Does it though? We're almost there. We don't have time to think about anything. Let's just get in, talk to the guy, and get out. There really isn't anything else to it. If you want to get your thoughts together, do that after."
Dirk didn't say anything. "We're coming up shortly." He said at last. "Check your view port for the grey bunker. It's in that massive grey zone."
"I see it. Taking us down." Kane pressed into the console. A green and red light started blinking on either end of the ship. "Landing lights are on. Check for response."
"Response is positive."
A light started flickering between red and blue on one end of the bunker.
Kane swept his hand across his console, clearing a few smudges. "You ever get excited when we let people go?"
"There are times when I'm happy about it, yes, but I get this sense of dread sometimes. Why would someone choose be locked up for wanting to break the rules?"
"Well, that really isn't our call to make so I wouldn't worry about it too much."
Dirk shrugged, "Still, don't you ever feel like something bad is going to happen sometime? I mean, these people were put under for a reason. Just letting them go after they've had so long to live out their lives in some unrealistic reality? How long has he been in the system for by the way?"
"About the length of a natural life span."
"That's practically half my life." Dirk paused. "Do you ever wonder what it's like to be put under?"
"You've already asked that question, and I'm not sure. You're confusing me with these rounded questions."
"Sorry."
"Eh, do what you will." Kane pointed past Dirk's field of view. "We're almost in. Don't hit anything. This place is high priority. Some of the worst criminals are kept here."
"Oh, you mean the ones who do more than steal food or clothes from other people?"
Kane let out an exaggerated sigh. "Yes, those. Which, by the way, is ridiculous that they should even want to steal at all. They've got everything they want. To be honest, I think some people just like it for the thrill."
A set of concrete doors slid open, revealing a slit in the side of a shallow hillside.
"This place looks like a dead planet from the outside."
"I'd compare it to a moon."
There were runway lights on the flat way. Dirk eased them in, slowly approaching a set of landing crew who were waving them in.
"Get ready for impact." Dirk said.
There was a bump. The landing crew stopped their gesturing and came around to the boarding ramp.
"Ladies first." Dirk said.
"Very funny." 
Kane undid the seat restraints and made his way back into the ship. Dirk did the same.
"You know, for all intents and purposes, I'm more of a man than you are." Kane said. He was leaning against the inner hull of the ship, idly ignoring the boarding ramp control panel.
"Forget that." Dirk laughed. "Just because you're married doesn't make you more of a man."
"Oh if only you knew the half of it." Kane grinned. He pressed the panel. The ramp lowered.
"How are you doing gentlemen?" One of the ground crew said, trying to get a look into the ship.
"Just fine. Looks like a good place to live. Do you guys get on?"
"It's kind of quiet actually. The prisoners are all under, taking a life of recollection in the machines."
"Sounds kind of..." Dirk trailed off. "How would you put it Kane?"
"Dull?"
"You think our work is dull?" The second ground grew stepped in. "All you guys do is fly around to tell people they're going to die on a table."
"It's all relative. What you think is boring is different from what I think of as boring, right?" Kane said.
"He's got a point. I've never considered becoming a pilot. I've always known it's too complicated for me." The first ground crewman said.
"Eh, well, glad we could be having this discussion, but I think we need to go visit a particular inmate if you don't mind."
"Yeah, sure." The first crewman waved them down the ramp. "We have him set up in the observation area."
"Where is that?"
"Just through there." The second crewman pointed to a door hidden behind a few metal canisters. "Follow the hall until you get to the end. He should be just on the other side."
"Is he conscious yet?" Dirk asked.
"No, we were saving that for you." The crewman said.
"Well, thanks." Kane said.
"No problem. We'll release the prisoner once you're inside. The door will be locked. If he tries to attack you then we can put him back under."
"Great." Dirk said. "You ready Kane?"
"Yeah." Kane said. He pushed another panel on the hull of the ship. The boarding ramp pulled back in.
Dirk led the way. Kane followed a short distance behind. The docking bay was completely silent. Not even the rustle of cloth could be heard.
The uniforms for the enforcers of the law were equipped with attire that was resonance proof, removing even the slightest chance of sound escaping during operations in need of intense silence. The flight crew too were equipped with such gear in the event of an inmate attempting an escape to allow for maximum probability in catching the runaway. There were other means by which the inmate could be subdued, but as a precaution they'd been included as standard issue uniforms. The only difference between the pilots' uniforms and the ground crew were the colors; the pilots wore black, and the ground crew wore grey. All else was the same, excluding the tools they were allowed to wear.
Dirk pushed in the door and started down the hall.
"Well, happy day right?"
"Happy day indeed. You excited to look a villain in the eye?"
"Are you?"
Kane laughed. "I'll get the door."
Kane pushed the door in. Dirk followed just behind. A single person was lying on the table covered in a sheet.
"Hey, do you think it's insensitive to ask about their feelings upon returning to real life?" Kane asked. There was a click behind him as the locks engaged.
"Yes. That's affirmative sir. Don't ask that question." Dirk said.
Kane shrugged. "Just wondering."
There was a rap on a glass window that looked into a control booth. The ground crew were on the other side. "You can pull the sheet off now. Everything is in order."
"Ladies first." Kane said, bowing and gesturing towards the body on the table.
"Don't make fun of me." Dirk said, laughing. He stepped over to the table and put his hands on the sheet, taking a tight hold on the fabric. "To a new life."
"Or, the eradication of an old one." Kane put in.
"That too."
Dirk frowned and pulled the sheet off. His eyes widened when he saw what was underneath.
"Kane, that's not a man."
"What? How can it be anything other than a man?"
"Well, I'm looking at this person, and I'm not seeing a guy. This is a girl."
"Can we get someone named Tehn out here? This is the wrong person." Kane said addressing the ground crew.
"Too late. The wake up process has been initiated. You'll have to wait until after she's awake before putting her back under."
"Well that's just fine isn't it?' Dirk said. He moved to put the sheet back, but the woman on the table had her eyes locked on his own. There was the sound of clinking metal as her shackles were released.
"Oh. Um. Hey." Dirk said. "Sorry, there's been a mix-up-"
The woman jumped up and pulled herself around. She stole the gun from his holster and put it to his head.
"Nobody move or this man dies." She said.
"Hey! Take it easy! We're just-"
"Shut up. I wasn't talking to you." She nodded towards the men behind the glass in the other room. "Unlock the door and let me go." She kept an eye on Kane who was moving for his weapon. "Don't touch that. Put your hands behind your head."
Kane moved his hands up to his neck.
There was some discussion between the ground crew behind the glass. After a while the first crewman addressed the woman.
"We'll let you go. What do you need?"
"I need a ship."
"Is that all?"
"No. I'm taking this man with me. I know you're going to take me out if I go alone."
"That's fine. Can we guarantee the safety of your hostage if you are allowed to leave?"
She laughed. "That depends on whether or not he's cooperative."
"I'll be cooperative." Dirk said.
The woman rolled her eyes.
"Okay, we're unlocking the doors." The first crewman said. There was a sound from the door as it unlocked.
"Step back." She said, moving towards Kane. Kane complied, making an 'I'm sorry' face at Dirk. Dirk just shrugged.
"Don't follow me." She said. "Where's my ship?" She asked.
"It's in the hanger. Just go down the hall. It's at the end."
"Is this true?" She asked Dirk.
"Yep. We just landed."
"Can you fly?"
"I'm not even going to answer that."
She shook him. "Can you fly a ship?"
"Yes! Yes, I can."
"Good." She started backing towards the hall, making sure Dirk was between her and Kane.
It was slow going, but they eventually made it to the end of the hall and out to the ship."
The woman whistled. "That's a nice ship." She said.
"Yeah. It's just great. I'm going to lower the ramp now." Dirk said. He activated the panel and the ramp came down.
"Get in and get the ship primed for flight."
"Sure thing boss." Dirk said, walking up the ramp and making his way to the pilot's seat. The woman was just behind him. She took Kane's seat.
"Is everything ready?" She asked.
"Yeah, I'm closing the ramp now." 
There was a hiss.
"So, if you don't mind me asking, who are you? You're definitely not Tehn like the report says you're supposed to be, so who does that make you?"
"Get us out of here." She said, pressing the gun into the back of his head with a shove.
"Okay. Okay. Just a second.  We're leaving."
Dirk pushed his hands onto the surface. The docking door was open. "When we're out, where would you want to go? And please say it doesn’t' involve me coming with you."
"Sorry, they’re going to shut me down unless you're there. No take backs."
"Well fine. If you're going to take me along, at least treat me with respect. I'm helping you with whatever it is you want right? Isn't that enough?"
"Sure. Whatever. What's your name?"
"Dirk."
"Nice to meet you Dirk. Let's please get out of here."
"We're already out of the docking bay."
"What?"
"We're already gone."
The woman looked up. There was nothing but stars and a distant nebula.
"That's fine then."
"So where do you want to go?"
"Go?" She laughed. "Everywhere! Anywhere! Do you have any idea how long I've been under? Years? Decades? That's what you think don't you?"
"I never said that."
"Well, that's what you probably think. But the answer is I've been under for the past seven thousand years. Do you know what that's like? To be living a crappy dream for seven thousand years? Do you know what it does to you?"
Dirk didn't say anything.
"It kills. Over and over again. You die inside a hundred times a day without relief. Do you know how I know this is the real world?"
Dirk shook his head.
"Because you're all a bunch of clueless morons. Spineless morons too." She leaned back. "If I were back in the simulator, I'd have been detained by now. That's how it works right? You do something dumb in the simulator, they put you under again. You serve lifetimes upon life times in there. But out here? There's nothing but human error. It's wonderful." She sighed. "Absolutely wonderful."
Dirk spoke up. "Where did you want to go?"
"Some place you've probably never heard of."
"Where's that?"
"Earth."
Dirk didn't answer.
"What? Do you need directions or something?"
"What's your name? Dirk asked.
She rolled her eyes. "Jennifer, or Jenn for short."
"Jenn," Dirk started slowly. "Earth is a dead planet now."
"What? No."
"It's true."
"Take me there anyway. And no funny business. I want to see this with my own eyes before you do anything stupid like call your friends."
"That was never my intention."
Then prove it by taking me there."
Dirk set the trajectory for planet Earth.
"You know," He said. "I was sent to pass sentence on a couple who trespassed on planet Earth just a little while ago."
"Is that supposed to scare me?"
"What? You honestly think I'm trying to scare you?"
"How should I know?"
"I'm just telling you to let you know. Someone might follow us there is all I'm saying."
The woman grimaced. "You think so?"
"You've been under for a long time. Things have changed a bit."
"Not enough apparently."
"Yeah, well the world is always watching what we do no matter what so the only suggestion have for you is make the smartest moves you can make."
"Why are you helping me? Why are you telling me this?"
Dirk shrugged. "I'm not sure. I thought it was important to help you. Even though you're taking me as a hostage, I want you to know that I'm willing to help you no matter what until everything is cleared up. Whether or not it ends well for you, I'm here until that point."
The woman seemed shaken by this. "You're going to help me anyway?"
"Yeah. My better judgment says I shouldn't but I want to get everyone out in the best way possible."
There was silent in the seat behind Dirk for a while.
"I know what I need to do." She finally said. "Set me down on the nearest inhabited planet."
"They're going to find you no matter what."
"I know. I don't want to hurt anyone."
Dirk pursed his lips. "I'll tell you what. I'll tell the others I'm not going to help them in their search for you. I want you to see that I can be trusted."
"Why would I want to trust you?"
"You're from planet Earth right?"
"Yeah? So?"
"That means you don't know what really happened."
"Happened to what?"
"Your planet."
"Well, you said there was a war. If that's true then I doubt I want to know anything else."
"Then let me tell you something."
"What?"
"That couple I'd sentenced? One of them had been travelling in a ship when the planet fell into chaos."
"What?"
"He's being held in a prison facility like the one you just came from."
She seemed to think for a moment. "I'm not really interested. If he's under then whatever. That's not my issue."
"I just wanted to let you know."
"For what purpose?"
"Anyway, we've landed."
"Answer my question. Why are you telling me this?"
"I just thought you'd like to know is all. Maybe you could feel like you're doing some good by helping him out."
"You're really full of it." Jenn stood up and went back to the docking ramp. "I'm leaving. Just let me live in peace."
"Will do. But maybe you can talk to someone I know? Her name is Seven Twenty Five."
Jenn just shook her head in an irritated way. "You're still mumbling. Just lower the ramp."
"Sure thing." Dirk said.
The ramp lowered.
"Nice talking to you." Jenn said, waving as she stepped down.

Jenn sighed when the ship was finally gone. She'd been looping endlessly in that simulator for an incalculable amount of time. Incalculable as in time he’d the appearance of no beginning and no end. But, the cruelty of it was she'd been in control of that knowledge from the very beginning. The computer made sure to tell her every moment of her futile existence how long she'd been in that machine. Seven thousand, nine hundred and eighty three years. Enough to make anyone wonder what kind of people would do such a thing.
It had given her time to think and to contemplate until life had grown meaningless for her. This opportunity though, meant she could try living again.
There was nothing in sight, no matter how far she looked. All that seemed to populate this world was dirt; Dirt and kind of slag metal that covered almost everything.
She sighed again and started walking towards the highest point she could see; a hill that stuck a short ways above the others.
The light was shining down pleasantly, occasionally passing by as clouds of gritty material drifted over head.
She shielded her eyes when she reached the top. There was a knot of slag slumping over the edge of the hill. She sat down for a moment.
There was a tower in the far distance; a black spire that sat in the shadow of a much bigger machine. Jenn thought it her best chance of finding her way off the planet.
She stood up and started walking again.
The tower was much further away than the hill had been. It took her a good portion of the day to finally make it to the base of the tower.
To her dismay, no one seemed to be around. She started to circle the tower.
After a while, she found a door. She knocked.
She wasn't expecting anyone to answer, but when they did, only a girl answered.
"What do you want?" The girl answered. Her cheeks seemed to be stained with salt that trailed back to her eyes.
Jenn barged in the door. "Do you have somewhere I can stay?" She asked, looking around. She was in a hallway with some kind of terminals on either side.
"Well, yes. Who are you?"
Jenn looked at her suspiciously. "Does it matter?"
"Well, no."
"Goo. Then I'm no one." Jenn said. "I'll be gone soon. Don't mind me."
"Gone soon as in tomorrow?"
Jenn shook her head. "Where can I get some food?"
"Oh, um." The girl started towards a door at the back of the empty hallway. "Follow me. I know someone who can help you."
Jenn started behind her after a short hesitation.
"He's very kind. He's actually my dad, even though you may think it's kind of weird when you meet him. He's not exactly like me."
The door opened and she walked through to the door just beyond. She held out her hand for Jenn to take.
"Here, he's just in this room."
Jenn took her hand. "What do you mean he's not like you?"
"You'll see." The girl smiled up to a giant orb that sat in the center of the room. "Hello computer." She said.
"Hello Seven Twenty Five. I see you've brought someone with you. Would you like to know her profile?"
"No thank you." Seven Twenty Five said. "I think she'd rather keep that a secret." Seven Twenty Five turned to Jenn. "He calls me Seven Twenty Five, but I'd rather go by Seven."
Jenn thought for a moment. "Seven Twenty Five... I've heard of you."
Seven seemed surprised. "How have you heard of me?"
"I met someone who talked about you. They said they knew you.
"Knew me? I really don't think I know many people."
"Ah. Well, they said I could talk to you."
"About what?"
Jenn shrugged. "I'm not sure. I didn't listen."
"Oh." Seven seemed put off by this. "Who was this person?"
"Some pilot. He wore a black uniform of some kind."
"A black uniform." Seven thought. "Oh. One of the enforcers."
"Yeah."
"Did he tell you anything else?"
"Well, not really. You mind explaining what your story is?"
Seven seemed upset. "I don't want to talk about it." She turned towards another door behind the orb. "I'm going down. If you want anything ask the computer. I need some time to be alone." There was a tear in the corner of her eye when she left.
"Well?" Jenn said, addressing the orb. "Do you have any food?"
"I have a lot of food."
"Can I have some?"
"Yes."
There was a pause.
Jenn rolled her eyes in frustration. "May I have some food?"
"Yes."
A third door opened.
"You will find a dispenser and dining quarters through that door."
"Thanks." Jenn said. She went past the orb and through the door. Beyond was just a panel alongside a table for one. She sat down at the table. She recognized this kind of eating arrangement from her time in the simulator. She pushed her hand against the panel and waited.
When the bowl appeared she ate ravenously until nothing was left. She went back out to the orb.
"Where do I sleep?"
"Beneath the tower." The door through which Seven exited opened.
Jenn went through. The door closed and she started moving down until the elevator stopped, opening into a small, efficient living space.
There was a single sleeping pad at the other end of the room. The only other defining entities were the table, with its touch panel, and a door that Jenn guessed led to the rest room. She sighed. This was probably going to be her home for a while. At least, she was planning on making it her home until she was ready to leave. 
On closer inspection of the room, there was a single drawer that contained a set of clothes. She changed quickly before setting herself down on the sleeping pad. She closed her eyes, letting her thoughts drift until she fell into the nothingness of a deep, undisturbed sleep.

It was dark when she awoke as it took the lights a moment to adjust to their normal levels upon her return to consciousness. There was no indication of time other than the taught feeling n her muscles as she stretched. She guessed she'd been out for at least eight hours. She smiled, the corners of her lips making a fascinating curve.
She sat up and went to the drawer in the wall. Her prison uniform was gone, replaced with another suit; a grayish white jumpsuit. She grabbed it and went through to the other room.
On the other side of the door was a simple toilet, a wash basin, and an overhead shower. She washed quickly, changed, and dozed off on the floor. It seemed to her that she was in the perfect position to relax considering her track record with an uptight universe that always played by a set of rules she couldn’t fully understand. At least, that’s how she thought of her long imprisonment in the computer prison.

In her thoughts she felt the touch of a gloved hand as it pulled her from her pit of relaxation. She frowned, thinking it just an unpleasant part of a dream she was having, but soon the rough jolt of being pulled up on to her feet. She opened her eyes. A black helmet greeter her.
"Jennifer Black, we are to escort you to the nearest prison facility. If you are to resist, we suggest you attempt now. Otherwise, your full cooperation will be appreciated.
Jenn looked between the masked man and another who was standing just behind. Both were armed, their guns aimed and ready.
"I'm coming." Jenn said, standing up. "At least give me the decency to prepare myself."
The man holding Jenn nodded to the other. They backed out into the other room.
Jenn rolled her eyes and put a fist against her forehead. She stood up, the moisture in the air had gone to be replaced with a cold, stale feeling.
"Why would you guys come in to arrest a women while she's taking a nap on the bathroom floor?”
"Do the words 'we're both women' mean anything to you?"
"Not really. That just makes this whole situation awkward. What does that even mean by the way?"
"It's all perspective."
Jenn rolled her shoulders and started getting all the kinks out.
"So says you." Jenn said.
"So what are you in trouble for?" The first helmeted woman asked. She spoke in a voice that was distorted by the helmet she wore.
"Just the usual: Living at the wrong time, lack of empathy for society, illegal integration into overseer society..."
"Sounds minor."
Jenn opened the door to the bedroom. "Yeah, well, that's what happens when you mess up and take a ride with strangers."
"I see." The helmeted woman tapped her fingers against the gun in her hand. "You took the injection didn't you?"
"Well, why wouldn't I? Eternal life sounds great. Especially for someone who wants to live a long, long life."
"How long were you under? You're an escaped convict right?"
"Convict is a strong word. But yes, I escaped. And to answer your question, I've been under for over seven thousand years."
The door to the elevator opened and the girl, Seven, came in.
"Is something wrong?" Seven asked. Her expression was unreadable when she saw the enforcers.
"Not really." Jenn said. "You know, seriously though, I'm really starting to get ticked off by all this 'enforcer' stuff. Don't you guys have anything better to do?"
"That's not my call to make. Are you coming or not?"
"Yeah. Just give me a second. I feel like I'm being sentenced to a loony bin or something." Jenn went over and sat at the table. The first enforcer watched carefully. "Relax." Jenn said. "I'm just getting something to eat. That's allowed right?" She pressed her hand against the panel and picked up the bowl when it appeared. "I'm getting tired of this charade. Here, have some mush on me." She threw the bowl at the first woman and a handful of the stuff at the other, hitting them in the faceplate.
Jenn grabbed Seven by the arm and ran into the elevator. "Get us out of here now!" She yelled at Seven.
Seven was tight lipped when she put her hand against the elevator plate. The doors started to close.
"Stop where you are! You need to come with us!" The first enforcer said, firing randomly into the elevator.
Jenn curled up into a ball behind the door frame, but Seven just stood there, confused by the speed in which the situation had changed. Even when she was hit, the only thing that passed over her was a look of shot as she crumpled to the ground.

Jenn just hit her head against the wall until they made it back to the main computer room. She was torn between leaving Seven behind and taking her with. Eventually her compassion won out and she grabbed her under the arms and started dragging her around the giant orb.
"There is transportation waiting outside. “The computer said. "This craft, you will find, is untraceable. Keep Seven Twenty Five safe. I will hold off the enforcers for as long as is necessary."
Jenn made a short nod of gratitude to the computer and shuffled backwards down the hall.
Upon reaching the door, a robot, humanoid in form, reached down and took Seven in his arms.
"Follow me. There's not much time before others will arrive." He said, starting a light jog towards a small craft around the backside of the spire. Jenn was out of breath by the time they reached it.
"Get in. I'm going to fly you out of here."
Jenn didn't question him. Instead, she got on and sat down on a row of seats towards the back. The robot set Seven down next to her, gently resting her head on Jenn's knees, before going up front.
"Ready. Lift the ramp Crystal." The robot said, addressing another, more feminine robot in the copilot's seat.
"Lifting the ramp. Everything is set."
"Let us leave this place." The robot said.
The ship took off, leaving the planet and the tower behind in a flash.
"Where are we going?"
"Somewhere safe." The Crystal said. "Just take care of Seven until she wakes up."
Jenn grimaced and turned back to Seven who was still unconscious. There wasn't much she could do except keep her head elevated.
"So who are you people?" Jenn asked.
"I'm Ricky and this is Crystal."
"Great names." Jenn said sarcastically. "So what've you two done to go against the enforcers?"
"We are doing our duty to the Overseers as we understand our priorities to be."
"Say that again?"
"We recognize your authority as an Overseer based on the computer's commands and impressions. We are here to assist as we can."
"Well that sounds like an excellent way to throw your lives away."
"We do not fall under the jurisdiction of Overseer law. If there is anyone who will suffer for this, it is the manufacturers of the computer. They will be summoned to pay penance for their malfunctioning creation."
"You seem to be awfully self-aware for someone who doesn't have to pay for his own crimes."
"I am following the orders of, what has been programmed into me as, my superior. I will not be held accountable for this. But, if the manufacturers are condemned for this breach in protocol, then all machines created in their name will be subject to immediate review and reprogramming or termination."
"What if your original manufacturers are dead?"
"Then there is no one to step in and stand accountable for the actions of their creations except the creations themselves. In this case though, there are those who can stand trial for our actions and the actions of the computer."
Jenn shrugged, clearly bored with this conversation.
Ricky continued anyway. "They will certainly be allowed to continue as our breach in protocol has been minor thus far. However, they will most likely be required to review the 'malfunctioning' systems for errors in the registry." Ricky seemed to laugh to himself. "They will find no errors. The computer was following its priorities perfectly."
"That sounds good." Jenn said absentmindedly. Seven had started to move. "I think Seven is waking up."
"Crystal, assist Seven." Ricky said.
Crystal stood without a word and came to crouch next to Seven's body. "We need to set her down in a more comfortable position. She will be okay as long as allow her to rest." Crystal put her arms beneath Seven's shoulders and her knees. She picked her up. "Jenn, stand please."
Jenn stood up. When she looked down, the benches had shifted into a sleeping platform. Crystal put Seven down carefully as the surface welled up to support her body.
"Where am I supposed to sit?" Jenn said, throwing her arms up in the air.
"There is a new row of seats right there." Crystal said, pointing to the other wall. "Just lay down if you want to sleep. The platform will do the rest."
Jenn ignored the pun and laid down on the seats straight away. "Whatever. Wake me up when we get wherever we're going."
"I will alert you once we are orbiting the planet." Risky said.
Jenn waved and fell back against the molded surface. She closed her eyes and listened as Seven's breathing slowly started to build until she sounded to be about normal.
Jenn heard Seven speak. "Ricky, where are we?" 
"We're on our way to speak with the defectors." Ricky responded.
"Is it the right time?"
"There is no better time than the present. If you wish to postpone this meeting, perhaps it would be best to say so now. Once the Overseers are aware of our destination, they will no longer accept our apologies."
Seven was silent for a moment. "What if we claim to be neutral? Won't that stop the Overseers from passing judgment? We can claim third party sympathies. That can't possibly give them jurisdiction over us."
"You are aware that the Overseers see no difference between parties. If anything, they will pass judgment without your consent."
"Then I will pass my own judgment when they drag my corpse through their halls. In fact, I will let the universe know of their actions in deliberately incarcerating the innocent and the ignorant. I'm tired of their crusade."
"There is nothing you can do. They will act as if your case were just, pass you through, and give you what you want. To stand up to them will lead to action. Is that not what you desire perhaps? Speak and they will listen. Your arguments are valid. All that must be done is to confront the issue as you are aware of it and broaden the minds of those who pass judgment. It is a simple process."
"But it is a process without feeling."
"Is that all you want? You want to 'feel' as though you have won this fight? In these circumstances it would be wise to seek other rewards than stimulating sensations."
"They took Dale from me and condemned me to rot in misery. I want them to feel what I felt so they can no longer say they have the right to treat us this way."
"Tell them these things. They may be open to negotiation."
"I'm tired of negotiations. Just find Dale and let him free. That's all I want. I'm sick of all the political niceties." Seven's head thumped against the padding. Jenn guessed she'd sat up in the excitement.
"They've stated they can't allow him to be set free. His opinions and experiences would cave in the world they have created." Ricky said.
"The organics were right to usurp them. Even I have sentiments for the rash emotions of the natural born right now."
"Tell them these things. Let them see how you feel. They will listen."
"That doesn't mean I want them to."
Jenn sighed out loud. "Seven, you sound like a spoiled child who's spilled her milk. Get over it."
"What gives you the right to tell me to get over it?" Seven reproached.
"I've been in someone else's mad house for more than seven centuries, and I know I've been mentioning this to like every person I meet but, that's a long time to get over things." Jenn opened her eyes and glanced over at Seven. She was sitting up, her eyes glowering. "I can see you've only been around for a blink of that time. You carry yourself like come kind of crusader with a pity pouch around your neck. Honestly, in my opinion, the only thing you need is a rude awakening. This is the real world, not some fantasy you control. And, no matter how much you may know, the only thing that'll get you anywhere is experience. Get the experience and you'll get what you want. Just don't cry when the world doesn't lend itself to your every whim. Got it?"
Seven didn't say anything.
"Whatever." Jenn said. "I'm tired of talking at you. Just don’t blame me when you end up somewhere you hate more than death." She turned over and closed her thoughts. There was some babble from behind her, but she let it slide until she felt the peaceful humming of the ship lull her to sleep.

"Sir, there's an unidentified vessel heading this way."
"From what direction?"
"It's coming from the outer edge of Overseer space."
A tall man wearing a gray uniform leaned against the viewport of the station. The ship he was seeing was black. He tried scanning it using the window’s display surface. Nothing came up.
"Do you have any kind of distinguishing information about this craft?" He asked the man who'd first approached him.
"No. However, it seems to be an older design. A much older design by the way it flies."
"Can you get a clear grip on its location with your scanners?"
"No, everything we're throwing at it just goes right through. We're only seeing it because it's within direct line of sight."
"Send a boarding crew out to assess."
"Yes sir." The second man said, turning to leave.
"This might just get interesting." The tall, uniformed man said. He turned as well and made his way to a higher deck until he stood at the helm of the ship. Several officers looked to him for instructions but turned back when it was obvious he was waiting for the boarding crew to intercept the unknown craft.
"Captain, the ship has been boarded. What are your orders sir?" An officer said.
"Seek the crew's intent. I want to know why they're here."
"Yes sir." The officer punched in a code on an invisible keypad. "The ship is returning and will be positioned in the quarantine bay."
"Good. I'm going down to investigate. Keep our course steady. I want our ship within sight of the Overseer's control station as soon as possible."
"Yes sir."
The captain nodded and made his way back down to the docking level where the ship was being held.
As he finished the last flight of steps, he was scanned and then allowed access to the quarantine area. The door slid open and he was met by the boarding crew and the occupants of the stealth craft; two robots and a pair of women.
"What were these people doing aboard this ship?" The captain asked the captain of the boarding crew.
"They were on the run from the enforcers’ sir. They claim to be defecting."
"Defecting to us?"
"No sir, just to a neutral party sir."
"I see." The captain addressed the robot whom he assumed to be male. "Why would you approach our vessel when you're looking to defect to a neutral party?"
"We are searching for refuge from the enforcers who have come to imprison one of our own."
"And which one of your own is looking for refuge?"
"I am." One of the women said, stepping forward.
The captain seemed taken by her forward manner.
"And you are?" The captain asked.
"Jenn."
"Nice to meet you Jenn." He paused before turning to the boarding crew. "We have nothing to fear from these four. Let them stay aboard but let it be known we are on the verge of a government take over." The girl who was hiding just behind Jenn seemed to sway. "If it's too much for your sensitive soul I suggest you leave before things get ugly."
"Do you plan on using force?" The girl asked.
"We will kill if necessary. But only if they are unwilling to cooperate."
"Such a thing is unheard of! Why would you do this?"
The captain did not look amused. "How much do you understand about the dealings of the Overseers as they have come to be over these past thousands of years?"
"I know enough to understand that the Synthetics have been put into power again and they'll stop at nothing to eradicate any menace that may lead to violence."
The captain laughed. "Well, half of what you say is true but, to be straight forward with you, the Overseers were never truly back in control once the coup was reversed. Do you understand what that means?"
The girl's fight seemed to leave her for the moment.
"It means the synthetics never regained control. In fact, the organics allowed the Overseers to regain their place as leaders and judges in their worlds, but they were always within easy distance of a by word or influential insistence on behalf of their masters."
The girl hesitated only for a moment. "What are you planning to do to them?"
"We wish to eradicate the organic menace that keeps our systems from achieving maximum potential." She didn't seem convinced. "We're not here to destroy the Overseers. We are here to reinstate them to their former glory and, if our lives are forfeit because of it then so shall it be."
There was silence for a moment.
"Well, if you need any further convincing, you will find me on the bridge." The captain nodded to the boarding crew who saluted before marching off. He acknowledged their salute before saluting in turn to the crew of the captured vessel. "Perhaps we will meet again once this war is won." He turned and left.

"So what now?" Seven asked once the four of them were alone.
"Who knows?" Jenn answered. "You want to go see what kind of stuff there is to do on this ship?"
"Not really." Seven sat down on the ground and frowned. Her thoughts became centered on Dale.
Jenn rolled her eyes. "Don't look so glum. The least you can do is distract yourself until you can actually do something about your boyfriend."
"Do you think they'll help me if I asked them to?"
"Get a grip. I'm pretty sure the last thing they want is to deal with your pretty boy buddy. But really though, if the Overseers really are corrupt like he said they are then, when this is all over and they've eliminated the organics, they'll probably let him go first thing."
Seven considered this for a moment. "I see your reasoning."
"And?"
Seven sighed. "I guess you're right."
"As I usually am." Jenn said, sounding smug about it.
Ricky spoke up, "Jenn. Seven. Crystal and I will return to the ship. If you wish to speak to us then we will be there."
"Okay thanks." Seven said.
"Yeah whatever. You guys take is easy okay?"
"As you wish." Ricky said before leading Crystal back to the ship.
"You know," Jenn finally said once they were gone. "I'm kind of bored here if you can believe that. There really doesn't seem to be much to do. Everyone around is so serious all the time. It takes the fun out of being a jerk."
"You could try making friends with the synthetics."
"Yeah, well, I've got enough synthetic friends to last a life time. You know how much of a straight man you are?"
Seven shrugged. "I'm a woman but yes, I am a straight man."
Jenn rolled her eyes. "Come with me. Let's see what kind of stuff they have to do in this place." She grabbed Sevens arm and lifted her up off the ground. "First though we need to find a map of this place."
"Why not ask for directions?" Seven asked.
"That's too easy. If you want to kill time as bad as I do, you learn to take the long route in the simple things. Which I guess explains why I tick people off all the time."
"I'm much more comfortable asking someone for directions. It is much easier."
"Well, go do that if you want. I'm going to find out what kind of ship this is." Jenn started towards one of the exits. "You can come along if you want."
"Wait! I'm coming!" Seven called after her. She jogged the distance between her and Jenn. "I'll just follow you around if that's okay."
"Yeah, sure. Just keep up. I'm not responsible if you get left behind."
"I understand." Seven said.
"We're off then." Jenn said as she started through the door. She climbed the steps leading to a higher level and began searching through whatever corridors and rooms she came across. Most of it was just living space and storage areas. It wasn't until she'd climbed up to the next level that she found anything interesting; A computer terminal with universal access to the Overseer's knowledge database.
"You know you could just about ask me anything and I can tell you the answer." Seven said when Jenn sat down at the computer.
"Well, I'm looking for current events. Last I checked, you're several thousand years behind on your database as well."
Seven frowned. "So?"
"So what? You can’t tell me what I want to know so I'm going to look it up anyway I want to."
"Are you going to look up Earth?"
"Yes, that was one thing I was interested in knowing."
"Well, it's dead. So there. I can tell you something."
Jenn rolled her eyes again and turned to face her. "I already knew that. Some guy told me after I hijacked his ship."
"Wait, you did what to his ship?"
"You heard me." Jenn waved Seven off arrogantly and put her hands against the table surface. "I'm looking for somewhere to lay low for a while."
"What does it matter? You said so yourself. If the infection is stopped then they won't pursue you anymore."
Jenn seemed not to be listening.
"Did you hear what I just said?" Seven asked.
"Hey, I just had a thought. Why are the Overseers so dead set on imprisoning everyone associated with planet Earth? Doesn’t that seem suspicious to you?" She asked. Seven seemed about to respond but Jenn went on. "Anyway, it doesn't matter. If this whole 'stopping corruption' thing doesn't work then I'm going to have to hide whether I want to or not. You'll probably have to do the same since you helped a convict escape the enforcers."
Seven pouted. "It's your own fault you got caught up in this. I doubt they'll think I'm a threat once they realize I wasn't actually a part of the escape plan."
"Really? Well shoot. Guess life goes on for you right?"
Seven didn't say anything.
"Or not since your boyfriend is still under." Jenn was tempted to go on but, she held back from being outright cruel about Seven's circumstances. She sighed. "Get a new boyfriend from your computer back home. That's my suggestion. Your relationship with that Dale character was doomed the moment it started." She cast a quick glance towards Seven. "You know how synthetic and organic relationships usually end."
"I was made for him. The only thing I need to do to keep it together is be his friend and show him how much I care. That's all it takes to make it work out in the end."
Jenn close her eyes. "If your dream of what life is meant to be involved this guy they who am I to argue with that? I'm just trying to tell you what I know from experience and what other people have told me. Usually they don't work out. That's just how it is."
Well, I don't need to explain how it is to you then." Seven said. "If it was never meant to work out then it won't. But until I know for sure then I'm going to try."
"Hold on a sec." Jenn said, holding a hand up. "I found something."
"What did you find?" Seven asked, leaning in. There was nothing to see but she felt it was necessary to express interest.
"There's a hole in the wall kind of place called 'The Peaceful Step' on some planet a few solar systems away."
"What's so special about a hole in the wall place like that?" Seven asked.
"It's some kind of neutral zone where the residents get some kind of clearance or something."
"Clearance? You mean the people who live there don't have to listen to the Overseers?"
"Yeah, something like that. They give you a fancy clearance pass and everything."
"So it's not just a temporary thing?"
"Nope." Jenn said, pulling her hands away from the table. "It's permanent, and universal, for as long we're likely to stay there."
"So what's the catch?" Seven asked.
"Well, the catch is, I doubt we could afford it."
"Then why bother looking it up at all?"
"Just out of curiosity."
"My gosh you're hopeless."
"Yup. Been this way since the day I was born."
There was an announcement coming from the bridge. Seven and Jenn stopped to listen. "We are now approaching the Overseer command ship. All boarding crews please report to the hanger bays for immediate launch. I repeat; Please report to the hanger bays for immediate launch."
Seven sat down in a seat a short ways from Jenn.
Jenn spoke up. "Well, whatever happens over the next hour or so will determine our futures. Kind of exciting right?"
"I'm more afraid than excited. If they fail then Dale is gone."
Jenn cut back a sarcastic retort and waved her hand absentmindedly.

Dirk had been sent to wait his turn as the Overseer counsel determined his fate. He didn't regret letting the woman go, but he was starting to wonder if ending up in prison for a while was really what he wanted. He was glad that no one else would have to bear the consequences of his actions. Except maybe for his creators back on the ship his computer had assembled him in. It was more likely, however, that they would be disinterested in his fate as he was one of many who were created for the Overseers' enforcers.
It was then that he decided he might actually like the change of being under for a while.
He heard the sound of voices outside the waiting area. He peaked through a crack in the door.
Several men were marching through towards the Overseers' meeting halls. They stopped just outside.
A thin, hawkish man spoke. "When we go in there, the Overseers are not to be our targets. We are to protect them at all costs. They contain the knowledge of the imposters whose minds have controlled this society since the beginning. If we lose them, we lose the imposters. Any questions?" No one offered an answer. "Let's go."
Dirk closed the door and sat back down in the waiting area.

"What are we supposed to do?" Seven asked.
Jenn was lying on the floor, staring up at the ceiling.
"Nothing. There's nothing we can do."
"We have to be able to do something."
"You can take a nap." Jenn said. "I'm being honest when I say there's nothing you can do."
"That just means you're being lazy."
"I'm always lazy. Didn't I already explain that to you?" Jenn said. She closed her eyes. "Well, if you're not taking a nap, I am."
"Jenn, what can I do to help?" Seven asked again. Jenn didn't respond. "What if I do just lay down and accept whatever comes?"
"Then you'd be a wise little girl."
"I’m not little."
"So says the one whose very existence was determined by the whim of another."
"That's not my fault."
"If you keep acting like it is then it's always going to be your fault."
Seven was silent. "What's it like to be born?"
Jenn shrugged, sat for a second, and then laughed. "How should I know?"
"You were there weren't you?"
"That doesn't mean I actually remember it. Do you remember when you were created?"
"Yes."
"Well, that's because you were designed to remember."
Seven frowned. "True."
"On the other hand we, as organics, were never given that freedom. It's to our advantage however since were allowed our freedom in a more general sense."
"Such as?"
"Learning what it means to live."
"Not true. I've had plenty of time to learn. Just because I was born with more understanding than you doesn't mean I don’t have to learn what it means to live."
"Ugh. It doesn’t even matter. It's all theory anyway." Jenn waved Seven off. "I'm taking a nap. You can stand there if you want to but, I suggest you do the same."
Seven folded her arms before nodding to herself. She sat down next to Jenn before easing back. "Have a good nap I guess." Seven said. Jenn just grunted.

Dale found himself sitting at a table. Seven was sitting across from him.
"So, let me get this straight. I'm actually inside a projection of the universe as it was when I went in, right?"
"Yes."
Dale stirred the drink he'd set on the table. "So how come you know that?"
"Well, I was constructed by the most omnipotent computer at the time of the coup. If you can understand, he left me with everything he knew and, one of the things he shared with me was how to tell when you're in a simulation."
"Doesn't that disturb you to know you're actually a projection of someone else? To know you don't actually exist?"
"Please don't say that Dale. This is hard enough for me as it is."
Dale sighed. "I'm sorry."
Seven pondered her thoughts for a moment. "I've told you before that I'm still a person even though I'd been made a reality on a simple whim. I still feel like a real person even now."
"I guess you're just as real as Seven was."
Seven laughed. "Well, no matter what, you're going to have to deal with me one way or another. So I guess we might as well make our relationship count while we've got each other."
Dale laughed too. "You know what?"
"What?"
"We should just get married."
"What?" Seven smiled. "You know that's not even a real thing."
"Sure it is. If I'm really in this simulation like you're saying I am then, I might as well act like this is my real life. Because, this is probably where I'm going to be for the rest of my life anyway."
Seven expression changed to one of confusion, "Dale, to be honest, I don't know if that's something I should do."
"Why not?"
"Let’s just say that, theoretically, you get out somehow. What am I going to say when you tell me that you've already married me? I mean, really it's not a big deal but, I wouldn't react the same way you think I would. It hurts to think I'm just a picture in your head."
"Can't you find a way to know what happened in this world? Isn't it possible to know the same way you knew when the computer made you the way you are?"
Seven looked upset. "I don't know. Technology has advanced way beyond what we used to have. I'm not sure if we have it now. At least, I'm not sure we had it then. The brain is a complicated thing. It can be designed, but it must not be tampered with. At least, that's what we've decided as a society. That's why the organics don't have the same ways of thinking that we do. They could if they wanted to learn how but, honestly I don't think that's what they want. The whole 'living for eternity' is scary enough as it is. I don't think they want to go much further than that."
"So what? Does that mean this conversation will never have happened?"
"No, it happened. But it's not happening in the world. It's happening in your mind. But the computer can read the events that take place and convert them into external recordings. The technology used is much the same as the particle resonance technology. The only difference is it analyzes the data before moving it to the memory server."
"So you can just watch the recordings?"
"Probably." Seven looked sheepish. "But, to be honest I'd rather not watch myself. It's kind of embarrassing for me if you can understand that."
"I understand. Do you think it's worth being embarrassed to know the truth?"
"Sometimes I wonder. But, if it's something you want me to know then, yes. I will watch the recordings."
"Well, that's settled." Dale said. "We're getting hitched."
"Wait, that's not the conclusion you were supposed to come to."
"You can tell me all about how I should've waited when we're married."
"No. Dale. I'm letting you know this is the wrong thing to do. There's so much more to life than getting married, even if you've found the right person."
"So what then? What am I supposed to do with myself? I literally cannot accomplish anything in this world. It doesn't exist."
"Then choose to become someone better. Choose to be someone I can look up to so, when the time comes, you can make everything perfect between us. That's what I've decided to become in this world. That's what I'll be for you."
Dale looked distraught. "What do you mean?"
"I'm not engaging in a romantic relationship with you until you learn what it means to treat women with respect."
"I tell you how much I love you. Isn't that enough?"
Seven laughed. "If that were true, there would be no broken relationships. No, an expression of love is something that occurs once an act of love has been committed. You can't say you've earned the money until you've done the job, right? Love is the same way. Get over it and get moving." Seven pursed her lips. "It's actually quite simple. The only thing that changes is the order."
"So how does that even work?"
"Just... Do something for me and, once I'm happy, tell me how much you love me."
Dale sighed. "I'll be right back." He stood up and walked back to the eating area of their small apartment. He sifted through the contents of a drawer and picked something out. He came back and sat across from Seven. "So, how's this. I picked them up from a local jeweler." He led up a set of bracelets. Seven's eyes lit up. "My intention was to present them at a more romantic time but, I want you to have them since you're here."
"Oh Dale, they're wonderful." She took them from him and gently slid them over her wrists. She held her arms up to better see them in the light.
"I just thought it would suit you to have some jewelry is all. You don't have any."
Seven laughed. "Thank you. To be honest though, I've never liked Jewelry." Dale looked saddened by this. "But, I will wear them. They'll remind me of you."
"Why not let ME remind me of you?" He laughed.
"Well, you'll always be around no matter what. But kindness is often forgotten in times of trouble. These will be my grounding rods for the tough times."
Dale seemed sobered by this. "So when you're upset with me, it will be all you can do to keep from seeking other ways of feeling important and loved?"
"All women need love and attention. Sometimes though, the only way to remember what we're worth is by putting our feelings and emotions into the past. The present can't always bring us happiness."
Dale thought about that for a moment. "I really do love you Seven. At the end of the day, I'll always remember how much I love you."
Seven sighed. "I know."

Dirk had been surprised when the invaders told him he was allowed to go free. But, there had been something at the back of his mind, telling him to share a few things that had been bothering him. He'd approached one of the invaders and explained the circumstances of the man named Dale, as well as the woman named Jenn whom he'd let free. The invader had taken a few notes and moved on but, Dirk had felt better after letting his position be known. 
After, he'd taken a ride back to the prison facility where Kane was waiting.
Dirk lowered the ramp of the ship.
"You know how many vegetables they've got lying around in their prison rooms?" Kane asked, boarding the ramp.
"No idea. Somewhere in the thousands?" Dirk responded.
"Try millions." Kane said. "They've got enough people down there to colonize an entire planet."
"Well, what do you expect? Apparently, the Overseers have quietly been mopping up any resistance under false pretenses. Does it surprise you that so many figured out what was really going on?"
"Eh, not really. I gather that guy you were talking about, whatever his name was, is going to be released soon."
"I think so." Dirk said. "But they're going to have a lot of other potential cases to review before then."
"Yeah." Kane sat down behind Dirk. "So did you ever figure out why Earth was being monitored as a no trespassing zone?"
"There had been a misunderstanding between the Overseers and their manipulators."
"How's that?"
"Well, the Overseers had recognized the violent nature of Earth's inhabitants and requested intervention. However, due to unforeseen complications, the manipulators behind the government had secretly moved to eliminate the potential threat."
Kane thought for a moment. "You mean they were thinking Earth had the potential to spark a rebellion?"
"At least, the circumstances pertaining to Earth's state of progressive war had the potential to spark rebellion."
"Did anyone catch the fire?"
"Of course. Everyone who knew about the circumstance was against the manipulators pulling the strings. However, there was only one man who stood up to the manipulators."
"You mean someone actually broke protocol and faced them?"
"Yeah. Anyway, to make a long story short, he started a resistance group, stormed the command ship, and arrested the imposters in turn."
"So... That's it?" Kane asked. "That's literally all it took?"
Dirk gave Kane a questioning glance. "You expected things to end differently?"
"No, well, I just figured it would be more dramatic is all. You know... Haven't you ever read fiction before?"
Dirk shook his head.
"Well, they have a great deal of drama. It's actually kind of relaxing to think other people have it harder than we do, not that I'm complaining or anything."
"Well, life isn't hard in the dramatic sense if that's what you were confused about."
"Well no, I just think it's just happened too fast. They got in. They got out. They eliminated the manipulators behind all the secret expenditures. It just feels like there should have been more to it, that's all."
Dirk pulled the ship out of the docking area and started towards the prison facility keeping Dale under. "Well, personally I'm grateful there wasn't more to it than that."
"Huh, you would be wouldn't you?"
"Yep. Anyway, I've been thinking about you said about petitioning for a wife."
"Yeah? Are you going to do it?"
"Well, I just feel like maybe that's just an option I should consider is all."
"Well, from one guy to another: It's awesome. Let me tell you that much."
"How so?"
"Well, being married is basically like having a big ball of love stuck in your chest to ease whatever pains may be bothering you. It's basically a free painkiller if you can believe that."
"Emotions..." Dirk trailed off. "They sound kind of iffy to me. I told you about that girl Seven right?"
"Yeah."
"Well, if that's love, I'm not sure how much I want out of it."
"Come on man. Every relationship is different but they all hold the same core emotions. You just need to learn to appreciate what you've got. Everything gets easier after that."
"How so?"
"Well, let's see what you have okay?"
"Sure, yeah. I've got a job, some nutty copilot," Kane sounded amused. "And a good deal of time left in my life."
"Yeah. Great right?"
"Yeah. I think my life is pretty good."
"Well, this is what I have. I have someone who welcomes me home, a place to live, a great job, a person who's willing to help me with whatever I need to get done, and the satisfaction of being able to feel like I'm accomplishing something important with the help of my wife." Kane sighed. "Why am I even telling you this? You already know all about being married."
Dirk shrugged. "Well, sometimes we need reminders, right?"
Kane nodded. "Yeah."
Dirk set his brow and seemed to come to a conclusion. "Tell you what, I'll talk to one of the computers and see what they think."
"Fair enough." Kane set his hand on Dirk's shoulder. "It's worth it though. And all you've got to do is ask."
Dirk didn't say anything. He looked off into the void of space, deep in thought.

"Ricky, can we leave now?" Seven asked, waving her hand in front of Ricky's eyes.
Ricky had been recharging back in the ship. His eyes flickered a bit and he turned to face her.
"Are all preparations made for departure?" He asked.
"Jenn's flirting with some of the synthetics and Crystal said she'd be here soon."
"Is Jenn not interested in joining us?"
"I'm not sure. She didn't really react when we'd heard the invasion had been a success. She just kind of kept sleeping." Seven shrugged. "I shook her shoulder to see if she was awake but she waved me off and said she'd heard. After that she just went over to a bunch of guys and started talking."
"You should ask her if she wants to come."
"Okay." 

Shane was well aware that the Imposters had been found out. He should know. He was one of them.
He grabbed a glass of water from the counter in his apartment and went over to the interactive window screen. He needed to get in touch with the others. 
He pressed his fingers into the glass and made a call to Resten. It only took a moment for a voice to answer.
"You heard?" Resten said.
"Yeah, we need to get out of here."
"I know. What do you have in mind?"
"There are a few systems out of the Overseers' line of sight. We can crash there."
"Shane, they won't tolerate escape."
"Yeah I know. There really isn't any other choice though."
"I'm not going to make a decision without everyone else. I'll call Sarah and see what she thinks. Don't do anything until I call you back."
"You do that." Shane ended the call.
He sipped at the glass in his hand and sat down on the couch in his living room. There wasn't enough time to plan if they wanted to get out of there alive. He was going to have to go ahead if Resten didn't get back to him pronto.
An indicator started flashing on the glass. Shane got up and answered.
"Shane here."
"This is Sarah."
"What happened to Resten?"
"He thought it would be best if I spoke with you."
"Well talk then."
"We've decided as a whole that escape is too risky."
Shane blanched. "What?"
"At least, it's too risky if we're all in one ship."
"Yeah, thank you for the elaboration. I'm not a moron."
"So you're settled then?"
"Yeah, I've got a ship on the roof. Untraceable."
"Good." He could practically hear her nodding. "We're meeting on Earth, western hemisphere."
There was a pause.
"So that's it?"
"That's it. There's not enough time to go into any other details. We'll meet you there."
The call ended.
Shane stirred his glass for a moment before placing another call.
The line was picked up almost at once.
"How can I help you?"
"I heard rumor that the Imposters have been removed from power. Is this correct?" Shane asked.
"That is correct."
"Good." Shane said. "Well, anyway, I know this guy named Marlow who's professed to being one of the Imposters on several occasions. Can you check that out?"
"We'll look into it sir."
"Thanks. I'd like to see these guys brought to justice as soon as possible. Hopefully this helps out a little."
"Thank you for your consideration."
The call ended.
Shane laughed to himself a little and sent the contact information for further review. Marlow was indeed one of the Imposters, as was he, but he'd fallen out of favor once the others caught wind of his back handed deals. Shane considered this a personal favor for the others since they were bound to get out of system before word caught up with them.
He drained the glass in his hand and set it on the counter. It was time to leave. He checked the premises for any watching eyes and grabbed his rain coat. He'd need it on the roof to combat the endless rain that fell from the sky.

"Well, if you can believe it, I pulled Jenn out of that mess of hormones before anything serious happened." Seven said, dragging Jenn behind her.
"There was no trouble. I can't see why you don't understand that."
"One of them was offering to marry you."
"I would have accepted." Jenn said, sounding like a small child. "He was a total hottie."
"You'll thank me later." Seven said, setting them both down in their seats on the ship.
"Is everyone accounted for?" Ricky asked.
"All accounted for." Crystal confirmed.
Ricky typed in the command for the boarding ramp. There was a buzz as the machinery pulled it closed.
"Wait!" The voice came from the hanger.
"What now?" Jenn asked.
"I think it's that guy." Seven said, getting up to peer through the cockpit window.
"That guy as in that guy who was dead set on asking me to marry him?" Jenn asked.
"No, the other guy."
Jenn thought for a moment. "Oh."
A thin man jumped on board at the last minute, just missing getting his leg caught. They all stared at him until he spoke.
"I want to come with you."
"Well, you can't" Jenn said, rolling her eyes. She gestured towards Ricky. "Open the door."
"No! Wait! I just want to come with you!" He pleaded.
Jenn rubbed her forehead in frustration. "Look, if this is about how awesome you are, please leave."
"Well that hurts." The tall guy said. "It was actually a culmination of our earlier conversation."
"You mean you actually have more to say?"
"Yes!"
Jenn rolled her eyes again. "Ricky, seriously open the door."
"Just hear me out, please!"
"Well, whatever you're going to say, the answer is no."
"Perfect! I was actually going to ask if you thought I was a loser."
"You should probably stop talking Jenn. He sounds like he's dead set on making an impression on you." Seven put in.
"You betcha! Do you mind if I sit down? It looks like this is going to be a long trip."
Seven laughed into her hand but stopped when Jenn glared at her.
"I do mind, thank you." Jenn said.
He didn't seem to hear. "Hey robot man! Get us out of here, yeah?"
"I'm staying out of this." Ricky said.
There was an awkward silence.
Seven spoke up. "So what could you actually offer if you came with us?"
"My wit and charm of course!"
"We could actually use some wit and charm." Crystal said from the front seat.
Jenn looked glum.
"Okay, well if you're coming with us, you've got to stop bothering Jenn."
He reclined in the row across form them until he was lying down. "Sure, whatever."
"And you've got to tell us why you're coming with us."
"It's boring here. The invasion is over, right? The rest is just cleaning things up."
"That's supposed to be the fun part though." Seven said. "You get to chase down the Imposters."
He laughed. "Not interested. I'm Nick by the way since you're all curious to know."
"We know." Jenn said, making it obvious how irked she was.
"Aw, come on girly, you know you like me. Give it a rest." Nick said.
"Do NOT call me girly." Jenn said. "If you do, I'm going to pound you until you can't stand. Got it?"
Nick laughed. "No problem Girly. But honestly, I'd like to see you try." He looked dead serious when he said this.
Jenn's face scrunched up and she turned away. Nick shrugged.
"So where are we going?" He asked.
"A prison planet a short ways from here."
"Does it have a name?"
"It has a serial number."
"Ooh, exciting. I once knew a guy who kept track of all the prison facilities. He was a total nut job in my opinion, but he'd rattle off numbers like most people rattle off their kid's accomplishments. That is, the people who made an effort to have kids anyway."
"Stop talking." Jenn cut in. "You're making my ears bleed."
"Jenn, just go somewhere else if you don't want to listen." Seven said.
Jenn rolled her eyes and left through a door at the back of the cabin. Nick continued once she was gone.
"So anyway, one day I asked him why he took the time to memorize all that stuff and he said 'What are you talking about? Doesn't everyone keep tabs on the prison facilities?'" Seven and Crystal looked at each other when Nick started laughing. "So I explained to him that most people are involved in normal things like the arts or their jobs and families but he didn't seem to get it."
"Does this story have a purpose?" Seven asked.
"Well, yes. I'm getting there." Nick said. "So, after talking to him for a while longer, he started to explain how he'd discovered a negative correlation between computer output and prisoner incarceration." Neck threw his arms up. "They were more likely to spot law breaking when they were turned off!"
"Why would the computers be imprisoning people when they were offline?" Seven asked.
"You already know that!" Jenn yelled from the other room. "The Imposters were the ones throwing people under in the prisons!"
Nick smirked to himself. "Well, that's one way to look at it."
"That's the only way to look at it moron." The door to the back room opened. Jenn came in. "As long as the computers were off when the arrests were made, the computers wouldn't have any evidence to prove their innocence."
Seven sheepishly raised her hand. "I think the question you guys are forgetting to ask is: Why were the computers allowed to go offline in the first place?"
Jenn rolled her eyes and glared at Nick when he opened his mouth to speak. Jenn spoke. "Does it matter? The Imposters are gone. They've been eradicated."
Seven sighed. "Sorry, I was just trying to get things straight."
Nick made a 'mph' sound and started to get comfortable on the sleeping platform.
"You're super unobservant for being an omnipotent synthetic." Jenn stated. She left the through the back again.

When Shane's skin circuit informed him of Marlow's arrest, he'd already halved the distanced between his planet and Earth. He laughed, pouring a glass to celebrate. He took a sip and waited for one of the others to call. They'd know he did it, and Marlow would too, but Shane had wiped Marlow clean before giving him up. But really, it wasn't like he knew anything anyway. If everything worked out as planned, Marlow would keep them busy until he'd made it out from under the radar. Shane rapped his knuckles against the pilot's head.
"What can I do for you sir?" The robot asked.
"I want you to celebrate. We're almost in the clear right?" Shane waved his glass in the air. "Show some spirit!"
The pilot only nodded its head. "Your victory is well earned."
Shane laughed a little before calming down. "Ah, well. It's not like I just lost control of the entire known universe or anything." He took a drink. "Tell you what, if we get out of this, I'll let you go on holiday. Sound like a deal?"
"Your generosity is flattering."
Shane's expression changed to a grimace. "What would you do with a holiday anyway? Stand around?" He laughed at his own cleverness. A call came through. He answered.
"Shane here."
"Shane, this is Sarah. I just heard about Marlow."
Shane laughed. "You’re welcome by the way."
There was a pause. "We're considering your punishment." Shane froze. "You acted rashly."
"I thought that's what you wanted. One less moron to take care of until things cooled down around here."
He could sense her growing frustration. "We're cutting you off until we're sure Marlow doesn't say anything."
"Say anything about what? He knows nothing."
"We're moving our meeting point."
"To where?"
"Sorry Shane. The enforcers followed you from your apartment. You're already a commodity we can't afford." Sarah hung up.
Shane cursed, throwing his glass at the cockpit window. It shattered, splattering liquid over the control surface and the pilot's face.
"Sir?" The robot asked.
Shane put his face in his hands, rubbing his brow to clear his head. "Stop the ship. We were followed."
"Yes sir."
The view outside cleared until the black of space filled the sky. A nonexistent voice resonated through the ship.
"You have been identified. Give up control of your ship immediately and rue the consequences of your usurpation."
"Well, looks like I'm done for, eh?"
"Would you like me to engage sir?" The pilot asked.
"No," Shane put a finger to his lips thoughtfully. "Let's wait this one out."
Shane pointed to the ship that floated just within view. "Hold them off for a moment. I need to make another call."

The two docking crewmen were playing a game of cards when the signal came from the loading dock.
"Let em in." The first crewman threw a card down on the table. "I win again." The second eyed it before throwing the rest of his hand down on the table. 
"One day I'll figure out how you do that." He said. He stood up and sequenced the return signal. There was a rumbling sound as the loading dock opened. "I won't judge you if you're cheating. It's actually quite impressive if you ask me."
"Well, I'm not." The first crewman said, grinning. "You just have to know the cards. If you get that much down, the rest comes easy."
The second crewman shook his head. "I'm going out to see what's going on. You care to join me?"
"Nah, you take care of it. I'm taking a nap."
The second made a dismissive sound. "Good night then."
Out in the hanger a large craft had just pulled through the narrow opening, taking up whatever space there was. The crewman shrugged and sat down on one of the crates littered across the tapered walls. The ship's ramp lowered. A helmeted enforcer descended.
"What can I do for you?" The crewman asked.
A second enforcer came down the ramp. He spoke, his voice coming out in an altered, neutral voice. "We're here to inquire about one of your inmates."
"What's his name?" The crewman asked, standing up.
"Dale. Dale Hendricks."
"What do you want to know?"
"Where he's being detained."
The crewman chewed this over for a moment. "Go through there." He said, pointing to a door much the same as the one from the other prison. "At the end of the hall he'll be waiting."
The two enforcers nodded and made their way to the door.
The crewman waited until they were gone before running back to the other. The first crewman was shuffling the cards when he returned.
"Well?" He said, setting the deck on the table. "What happened?"
"There's been an inquiry about Dale Hendricks."
The first crewman made a face. "What about?"
"His location."
"Did you let them in?"
"Of course. They were enforcers. They're probably the guys who put him in there. I'm guessing this is a routine inspection sort of thing."
The first crewman made a frown. "Dale Hendricks is one of the Earth prisoners. You know how the higher ups don't like it when we let anyone look too closely."
"So?"
"Not so."
"Why?" The first asked.
"I received a call."
The second looked confused. "From who?"
"You know who, the hidden leaders."
"Well, I'm not sure I would know who those are and my suggestion is you choose not to know who they are either. To be honest, I'm pretty sure the only ones who have authority to say whether or not we can let them through are the enforcers themselves."
"Fine, whatever." The first crewman stood up and called for Dale Hendricks to be transported to the main interrogation chamber before easing the blackened window until it was transparent. Just outside the two enforcers were waiting as the unconscious man was slid in on the binding table.
"What do you think they're going to do with him?" The first asked.
"No idea. Probably ask him some questions I would guess."
One of the enforcers turned and addressed them from behind the window. "Release him. His charges are to be lifted immediately."
"Yes sir." The first crewman said. He unlocked the restraints. "Do you think the hidden ones would mind if we liquidated the prisoners?"
The second crewman just gaped. "Why would anyone do that?"
"Just curious." He said.
The two enforcers stood around the unconscious body. "Release Dale from the system. We're here to take custody of this man."
The first crewman fingered the liquidation command code into the system. "You know, some of us believed in eradicating the synthetics from the world."
"Why would anyone want that?"
"So question: Have you ever once seen the prisoner taglines?"
"What? No. There would be no point. All prisoners are reported as being organic upon incarceration."
"True. But once they're in, the computer recognizes the false data immediately."
"False data?"
"Most of our prisoners are synthetics."
The second crewman looked confused. "Why would we be detaining synthetics? They literally can't hurt anyone." He pause. "Why wasn't I told about this?"
"Because you're one of them." The first crewman hit the liquidation button and sirens started to blare all over the prison facility. "Time to leave I think."

Dirk looked to the glass window but the crewman were already gone.
"What are we supposed to do? They're liquidating the prisoners."
The table with Dale started moving back into the wall. Kane grabbed a leg and started to pull. "Help me with him!"
Dirk nodded, grabbing the other leg. Dale fell to the ground with a thump. "We can't wake him up here. The prison is already breaking the prisoner's minds down into mush. That means we've only got enough time to get out before the whole place melts down too."
"Got it." Kane said, shouldering Dale's body. "What about the ground crew?"
"You get Dale on the ship. I'll find where they went."
Kane nodded and started down the hall.
Dirk did the same but turned off towards the secondary docking bay. He only made it a couple steps when Kane called after him.
"Their ship just passed overhead!"
Dirk started back towards the first docking bay.

Seven's hands were pressed against the cockpit window as the prison melted into the ground. She hit the window in frustration. "Why does this always happen!" She yelled in frustration. "Why can't I just get what I want? It's so easy! All I want is Dale and it looks like I can't even have that much. You might as well shoot me now. I don't have a purpose if he's already dead." She looked around and lunged at Nick's gun, taking it from its holster before he could stop her.
"Seven, no. It doesn't have to end like this. Just put the gun down and we can talk this over."
"No, there's no point in talking. I've been led on for too long." She put the gun to her head. "Tell the computer I'm sorry." She pulled the trigger.
Nobody looked when her body slumped to the ground with a wet thud.
There was silence.
"What are we supposed to do now?" Ricky asked. Jenn came rushing in and froze when she saw Seven's body. She covered her mouth with a hand.
"What happened?" Jenn gasped.
"Seven was consumed by her lack of purpose. The prison where Dale is being kept has been destroyed. She had no reason to exist."
Jenn's voice was quiet. "No reason to exist?"
"No, losing Dale twice was too much for her. The first time she had the opportunity to cope alongside of him. But now she had no supporting arm to lean against." Ricky said. He patched in a signal to a medical transport. "A doctor will be here shortly to remove her body."
Jenn sat down next to Nick, stunned. Nick sighed and put his arm around her. She didn't refuse the offer and leaned in to cry on his shoulder.
A short while later there was a hailing from another craft who wished to dock with them. Ricky sent the all clear and the two ships locked together. A door in the back room slid open. Two men emerged in white coats holding a stretcher between them. They noticed Seven lying in a pool of her own blood.
"Is she already gone?" One of them asked.
"We haven't checked." Jenn said, wiping away the tears.
One took a pulse while the other slid the stretcher underneath her prostrated form.
"She's gone." The doctor said, standing and taking one end of the stretcher.
Jenn buried her face in Nick's shoulder again and sobbed.
"You may take her away. We request however you trace her point of origin and inform her computer that she is gone."
The doctor nodded. "What happened?" He asked.
"She suffered an emotional breakdown due to stress and incompatibility between herself and an organic."
The doctor sighed. "I've seen this happen before. It's always a tragedy. Were any of you close to her?"
Most shook their heads.
"We've only known her for less than a single sleeping cycle."
The doctor scrunched his lips together. "I'm sorry." The two men in white started back for the door. "We'll alert you once we've contacted her computer."
"Thank you." Ricky said.
They left.
"Why did she do that?" Jenn blurted out. "Who thinks it's a good idea to take their own life? She hadn't even been alive for a week. How was she to know things wouldn't get better?"
"The human mind is a fragile thing." Ricky said. "Would you have done things differently if faced with such a situation?"
Jenn shook her head. "I don't know." Her voice was thick. "I just thought..." She sobbed.
Ricky turned and maneuvered the ship closer to the prison. "You do not seem to understand the relationships these synthetics have with one another. You are only an organic and as such you cannot comprehend the depth of emotion felt between a perfect pair."
"How can you say I don't know? What do you know about emotion?"
Ricky traded a glance with Crystal. "Some things are understood by all creatures."
"You are sick if you think you can feel anything."
"I am not the one who chooses to provoke violence and emotion distress on others."
"That's unfair. I was imprisoned against my will."
"Your actions deem your choices to be radical in nature. You are only aware of what you want. You do not feel for other people."
"How dare you." Jenn said, gripping herself tightly against Nick.
"This expression you show on Seven's behalf is an outer reflection of your naivety. You do not care for Seven. You only care about how it makes you feel. You cannot understand what it means to be more than just an acquaintance."
Jenn's eyes filled with loathing. "I hate you. I wish you were the one who'd killed yourself." She shoved herself away from Nick and jammed the door opener until she could get through. Nick just sat, stunned.
"Can I be let off on the next passing planet?" He asked. He put his head in his hands and sighed, trying to rid his mind of the pictures.
"Yes, you can leave once we return to our planet." Ricky said.
"Thank you." Nick leaned back and closed his eyes, waiting until he fell asleep.
Ricky addressed Crystal. "Do you think she can be revived?"
Crystal shook her head. "The only possible scenario in which she can be revived is the event that any data pertaining to her personality and memories can be extracted. That would require approaching the computer directly to ask for reanimation."
"I think reanimation must be attempted." Ricky said.
"If so, she must be created without a pre-rendered attachment to Dale. It was too soon for her to be connected with anyone other than herself. She was too confused."
"That is how it will be done." Ricky said. "Once she is reanimated, I will return to my repair shop and continue working as I have always done."
"I will join you there." Crystal said. "I can find those who need your help."
"Thank you." Ricky said.

When Shane woke up, the only thing he could remember was the three digits that unlocked his phone. And this scared him. That phone had been his only defense against the Overseers coming in and finding all the secrets he'd kept out of the prying eyes of the public. Now that he remembered them, his only assumption was the people on the ship that followed him had pulled those numbers from his mind until he could only see the answer that unlocked the gates into the Overseers' prey. It was too bad for his friends, he thought to himself, but not too terrible for him. They'd abandoned him when escape had been eminent and now he could know for sure that they'd receive their just reward. He laughed. At least he had that much.
He tried to move but found his arms and legs bound together with strong chords. He looked around, afraid of what he would see. Some kind of factory with parts being assembled on conveyor belts. This was an obsolete robot assembly plant. He frowned.
"So, you're Shane right?" A man said, walking towards him at a steady pace. He was wearing a suit that Shane found unfamiliar. The man noticed Shane's interested glance. "You like this? This is what I was wearing when you put me under. Did you know that?"
"Who are you?" Shane asked.
"One of the few who survived the obliteration of my planet. A planet destroyed at your hands."
"I had nothing to do with that." Shane said, trying to find a way to break free from his bonds. "That was Sarah's doing. I told her it was a bad idea but she went through with it anyway. Blame her if you want someone to yell at. I just follow orders and do what's best for the others."
The man laughed and set his hands on either side of Shane's head. "Oh, I have news for you."
Shane didn't respond.
The man made a face and turned away from him. He clasped his hands behind his back. "I plan on destroying this universe that the Overseers have created. To eliminate these perfections I have found in your system. Do you know why?" He asked.
"No." Shane thought for a moment. "To seek revenge for what you have lost?"
"Precisely." The man said. "Though it makes me curious to know why I'm telling you this at all. You'll be dead in a minute you know." He gestured for another man in a suit to hand him a gun. "Would you like to die now?" He asked. He turned and put the gun against Shane's head. "Or would you like to hear what I have to say before then?"
Shane's breathing became erratic. "Tell me now. At least tell me so I don't have to die in ignorance."
The man grinned a feral grin. "Trying to stay alive are we? Well, let's see what you say after we introduce a little... Pain." He pulled the gun away and fired it into Shane's shin.
Shane screamed.
"It hurts, doesn't it?" The man said, spinning the gun listlessly around his finger. "But on to business." He put the gun down on the surface next Shane's head. "I plan on unleashing an army of robots to-" There was the sound of gunfire. The man fell backwards, a burning hole was going straight through his head. Shane started firing at the others in the room. He was dead set on living as long as he could before someone else took his life away.
One after the other, he kept firing until someone in the room finally got off a shot. Shane's hand dropped to the table, releasing the gun from his grip.
The man who fired the shot sent a message. "Things livened up in here. I think it's time to restock the management."
"Is everyone else dead then?" A voice on the other side answered.
"Yes."
"Good. Your job is done."
Thank you." He sighed before ending his own life, just as he'd done with the man on the table.

When Carl woke up the next day, it was to find three men waiting in the living room of his house. Two of them were standing around idly while a third was lying unconscious on his couch. Carl approached them candidly.
"Can I do something for you?" He asked.
"Are you Carl Hunter?"
"Yes. What can I do for you?"
"We need access to your resurfacing technologies."
"For him?" Carl asked pointing to the man on the couch.
"Yes." One of the men nodded.
"They're in my lab across the street. I can pick them up and be back shortly. In the meantime make yourselves comfortable." Carl said. He left his house, walked across the street, and located the brain helmet. He carried it back with him and both men were still standing in his living room.
"Can you prop him up for me?" Carl asked.
One of the men propped him up.
Carl put the helmet on the unconscious man's head. "What happened?"
"He was pulled from a prison before being awakened." One man said.
"By whom?"
"By me."
"That's a stupid thing to do. The brain could be damaged permanently."
"The prisoners were being liquidated."
"Why save this one in particular?"
"He was convenient. We were there to pull him back up anyway."
"Well," Carl said while checking the readings. "He's going to be fine. I just need to remind him to wake up." Carl made a few adjustments and removed the helmet.
"Is that everything?" 
"Yes." Carl said. "He will wake up in a short while. Keep him comfortable until he can start moving again. The lack of a stable mental environment will leave him confused for a while."
"Thank you doctor Hunter."
"You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do?"
"No we have everything we need."
"Good day to you then."
The men nodded before they picked up the unconscious man and left.
Carl blinked a few times before he returned to bed.

Seven felt herself slowly being pieced back together. It was strange to feel memories, thoughts, and feelings come back as those parts of her brain were reattached by whatever miracle worker was patiently bringing her back to life. But when she began to recover images and feelings about Dale, she began to realize that what she had felt before was not the same as what she felt now.
Before waking up inside, she had been obsessed with this idea that Dale was the only thing that could bring her happiness. But now she could see that Dale was only a friend. It was true that he was a friend that could be worthwhile to marry. She was meant to marry him. Now she realized that she should not blindly accept what she saw right in front of her all the time. Her conscience as well as whatever memories had been implanted in her agreed on these things. 
She opened her eyes. A bright light shined down on her from above. A man was working slowly with sonic surgery equipment to realign those portions of her brain that had been blown to bits by the energy blast she had given herself in the brain.
The man smiled at her. She smiled back. He was wearing magnifying lenses and a white coat. Seven appreciated the simple nature of his appearance.
He came to Seven and injected her with a sedative.
Seven sighed and fell into a deep comforting sleep.

By the time word had reached Jenn, Ricky, Nick, and Crystal they had already petitioned the computer to produce a new Seven Twenty Five.
She stood there next to the computer. Her eyes were filed with wonder as she looked around the main orb chamber.
"What are we supposed to tell her?" Jenn asked as she looked at Ricky.
"We tell her that she is a clone of another person. We tell her the truth."
"I'm not telling her." Jenn said. She sat down in a corner and watched Seven as she conversed with the computer.
"I can talk to her." Crystal volunteered.
Seven smiled at the orb, tried to hug it, and came back to the others.
"The systems are online again." She said as she smiled. "That means production can go on like it did before."
"That's true." Jenn said.
"Seven," Crystal said. "I need to tell you something."
"About what?" Seven asked. "About how I am a clone and none of you think it is a good idea for me to know? About how my predecessor killed herself in grief over a man she hardly knew? About her revival and my obsolete purpose?"
"Yes." Crystal confirmed.
"Well, I'd like you to know that none of that really matters to me. I was made to make up for the flaws that broke her apart. That much means I'm not the same as her."
Nick whispered to Jenn. "It's almost like she's an entirely different person. The only thing she has in common with the Seven from before is the way she looks."
Jenn shrugged. "Maybe the truth is you can't entirely determine who someone else will be. Perhaps there's such a thing as a soul after all."
Seven seemed to have been listening the whole time. "That's true. Nobody really knows why we can create synthetic humans. Not even science can attest for that last fifteen percent that makes our bodies run. I guess since Seven didn't actually die, I get my own soul. That sounds exciting right?" Seven smiled brightly, clearly proud of herself.
"Yeah, sounds about right."
"Crystal," Seven asked. "Would it be alright if we go on a walk? I'm very interested in exploring what the world has to offer in person."
"I think that is a great idea." Crystal said.
"Thank you!" Seven said. She half skipped, half walked down the hall. Crystal trailed behind.
"So what now?" Jenn asked. "We've got two Sevens. Are we just going to keep them both or something?"
Nick pulled a ball out of his pocket and tossed it at the wall. "That doesn't sound like a half bad idea if you ask me. I think it'd be hilarious and honestly I think they're going to get along pretty well. It would be a shame to keep them apart. They're like twins."
"That's just your opinion."
"I think Nick is right." Ricky said. "They should be allowed to know each other."

Seven hopped between lumps of metal on the ground. "So Crystal, what's my clone like? I know that I have all that information but I'd like to know what you think."
"Seven was a depressed creature. The only time I really spent with her was when Dale was being kept prisoner."
"Did she think like me?"
"No, her mind was bent towards Dale's wellbeing. I think it was the way she was designed that made her unstable. Dale was an organic you know."
"I'd like to meet him." Seven said. "At least to know what kind of person he is."
"Seven, he is not a great person. In truth, he is a mediocre person. He asked for Seven's creation on a whim, not entirely knowing what that would mean and not considering the implications beforehand."
"I can see why Seven was so depressed."
"Besides, it is unknown if Dale is even alive. The prison where he was being kept was melted down until it looked just like the metal you're standing on."
Seven scuffed her padded shoes on the lump of copper metal she'd just stepped on. She looked up and noticed a ship had come down at the tower.
"Crystal, I think someone's here to talk." She said. She jumped down and ran back to the tower. Crystal ran to keep up.

When Seven stepped out of the medical transport, she was surprised to find herself face to face with a perfect copy of herself. She waved and the other did the same while smiling.
"Are you supposed to replace me?" Seven asked.
The other shrugged. "I don't think I'm supposed to. I think we're supposed to be friends."
"Why were you created?"
"I'm supposed to give you a second chance at life."
"Does this mean we can be friends?" Seven asked.
The other seemed to giggle and held out her hand. "I think that's a great idea." Seven shook it, surprised by the familiarity of the touch.
The ship took off behind Seven.
"What's different about you?" Seven asked.
"Not much. I'm exactly the same. The only difference is that I'm not hardwired to blindly follow Dale wherever he goes."
Seven thought for a moment. "I don't think I am anymore either. After the surgery I'd noticed I didn't feel the same crushing need for him as I had before."
The other Seven clapped her hands. "Yay! I'm so happy for you!" She said.
"That's good."
There was shouting from down the hall. Jenn and Nick emerged both looking flustered.
"What's going on?" Both Sevens asked at the same time.
"It's none of your business." Jenn shot back.
"What do you mean it's none of their business?" Nick asked. "It has everything to do with them."
"How so?" Seven asked.
Jenn retreated a few steps looking loaded.
"She's debating the immorality of being able to create people." Nick explained.
"You weren't informed of this when we discussed it upon Seven's death were you?"
"No." Jenn said. "When we landed I got up and followed you guys out here. The next thing I knew you asked for Seven to be replicated and then we got word that Seven was actually alive."
"Well," Nick said. "As you can see both Sevens are perfectly happy and healthy."
"That doesn't mean it is right."
"You know what? Why can't you just see the good in this situation? There's a new person in this world. Seven isn't dead like you thought she was." Nick shook his head. "Any sane person would think this is a great thing."
"Well, next time you've had seven thousand years of experience with a fake reality THEN you can talk about what you think is right and what you think is wrong."
Nick huffed but kept silent.
"Exactly." Jenn said. She turned around and went back into the tower. "I'm going to sleep."
Nick looked mildly upset but didn't say anything.
"Should one of us talk to her?" The other Seven asked.
"I think we should leave her alone for a while but I think that's a good idea. We should go together to show her that it isn't what she may think it is." Seven said.
There was a short block out of light and he sound of hydraulics as another ship landed behind them.
The boarding ramp lowered.
"What do you think is going on now?" The second Seven asked.
"I'm not sure." Seven said.
There were footsteps as someone came down the ramp. At first Seven was confused but as she watched her eyes widened and she started smiling.
"Dale!" She shouted, running up to meet him. You're alive!"
Dale looked exhausted but he smiled and hugged Seven close.
"Sorry Seven. I messed up big time before. Can you forgive me for that?"
"Yes! Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh yes!"
The second Seven watched with curiosity. There was something about Dale that made her want to smile. She went up and joined them on the ramp.
"You guys are in love!" She said, going in circles around them.
Dale's smile froze and he questioned Seven with a glance.
Seven seemed sad and hesitant. "When we were allowed to rescue you from the prison we'd arrived as the whole facility had been turned to mush."
The second Sevens stepped in. "She thought you were inside and so she killed herself in grief."
"You killed yourself?" Dale asked.
"Yes. I'm sorry Dale. I shouldn't have done that."
Dale pulled her close. "Are you alright now?"
"Yes. Everything is fine. I'm sorry." She started crying into Dale's shoulder. The second Seven looked sympathetic.
"She's going to be okay. She's just suffering from pent up emotion. It’s going to pass." The second Seven said. "So am I to understand that you guys are like a thing?"
"What's your name?" Dale asked.
"Seven Twenty Five. But it seems like everyone has taken to calling me Seven for some reason though personally I think Twenty Five would be a better title."
"Twenty Five, I think Seven needs some time to grieve." Dale said. He sat down on the ramp and took Seven down with him. She sat in his lap and hugged him close.
Twenty Five shrugged and sat next to Dale. She leaned up against him. "Well, whatever the case may be I've found that you and I are a perfect match so we're going to all have to get used to being friends."
Seven laughed into Dale's shirt. "Sounds like I don't really have a choice do I?"
"Not really." Twenty Five smiled. "I'm pretty much your twin so we're going to have to learn to share."
"My gosh I hope you don't mean we're going to have to share Dale."
"No! No no no no no. That's not what I mean. I'm just trying to inform you that were all going to have to get along that's all." Twenty Five shrugged. "You're basically just a more romantic version of myself and I'm just a fun kind of person because I wasn't designed to be that way. That means I'm pretty much just Dale's kid sister or something."
Dale seemed non-committal over either side. "Well as far as I know my family is gone so I think this plan may have a sound reasoning behind it."
"Exactly." Twenty Five said. She smiled and stood up. "You guys chat it up for a while, I'm going to find Crystal." She started back down the ramp, looked around, waved towards someone, and ran off.
Dale laughed. "That's awesome."
"What is?" Seven asked. She was close to falling asleep.
"You pretty much have a twin sister now. That's been a dream of mine for as long as I can remember."
"Well, the world is full of miracles isn't it?"
"True." Dale brushed back Seven's hair.
"Dale?" Seven asked.
"Yeah?"
"I think I'm starting to see things the way they were meant to be seen."
"How do you mean?"
"When I first met you, I was blinded by something inside that insisted I follow you without regard to self or to reason. But when that doctor patched me up I began to feel something different inside. Almost like there was a part of me that had been locked up."
"You mean something like identity?"
"Yes. I think you're right." She snuggled in closer. "I think I finally realized that I don't need to be with you to be happy and I think that means I'm going to be okay from now on."
"I'm happy for you Seven. I wouldn't want it any other way. No one deserves to feel obligated to be unhappy for the sake of another."
Seven was silent but she still held him tight.
"Seven," Dale began. "Do you want to get married?"
Seven made a halfhearted nod. "Mm."
""You think we should get married sooner or later?"
"Is there anything stopping us from getting married right now?"
Dale shifted a bit. "No."
"I think we should just go ahead and get married. It’s already obvious we're right for each other. I think we should just go for it. I don't want to break the rules you've set for yourself any more than I want to. I think that's important."
Dale laughed to himself for a moment. "Does marriage even exist in this world?"
"Yes, marriage is controlled through the computer. At least it used to be. Things have the potential to change."
"I think we should petition marriage."
"I'm thinking we won't have a choice."
"How do you mean that?" Dale asked.
"Isn't it obvious?"
"No, I don't think so." Dale said thoughtfully.
"Well, because not getting married would be the biggest mistake in our lives! Not doing it would be like committing suicide!"
Dale laughed. "Well, no one wants either of us to commit suicide. Especially since that's already happened, so I think we should talk to him right now."
Seven took Dale's hand, stood up, and led him towards the computer tower.
Dale smiled, swinging Seven's hand as they went in, a symbol of their new lives together.
