


The Doomsday Kids
Book 1



Liam’s Promise


Karyn Langhorne Folan


SMASHWORDS EDITION





The Doomsday Kids: Book 1—Liam’s Promise

Copyright © 2014 by Karyn Langhorne Folan

Cover Concept by Kaitlyn Otero, The Raving Dragon Designs
Cover Image by Zerrick and Maya Pearson

Book Formatting by Savannah Frierson (www.sjfbooks.com)

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping or by any information storage retrieval system without the written permission of the publisher except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. Inquiries should be addressed to publisher@ksquaredbooks.com.

This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, names, incidents, organizations, and dialogue in this novel are either the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Published in the United States of America by K Squared Books.







For my agent, Patricia Lawrence Kolaras, Esq.—without whom this book would not have been written
And for Kevin Folan, who is my Mountain Place.


Table of Contents

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25


1
Last Call
She couldn’t have picked a worse time.
I was in Mr. Murphy’s class. He’d probably been damned by God himself to teach 10th grade English, but he still liked to dodder between the rows of desks, peering down over us, hoping to catch someone doing something they weren’t supposed to be doing. Like texting or playing games on their smart phones. Just my luck, he was at the back of my row, shuffling toward me at geezer-warp speed when my phone buzzed in my pocket.
“Mom-Work.”
I almost didn’t answer, but just before it rolled to voicemail, I pressed the button.
“Mom…” I slumped down in my seat, hiding the phone in my shoulder. “It’s not a good time—”
“I don’t care,” Mom snapped. “Listen to me, Liam. Get out of there. Right now—”
“But Mom—”
“Just get up and leave. Get Lilly and get to the Mountain Place, as fast as you can—”
The Mountain Place? Mom hated that place. “Waste of money,” she muttered every time Dad mentioned it. “Preparing for disasters while the house we live in falls apart…” But now she was telling me to take Lilly and go to the cabin almost two hundred miles away?
Something was wrong. Something worse than the rift between her and Dad that had sent him away. Almost every night I heard her talking to him on the phone when she thought Lilly and I were asleep, sometimes arguing with him and sometimes…well, pleading I guess would be the right word. It was weird, hearing her beg. She had been a Staff Sergeant in the Army before I was born, and these days she was a civilian employee at the Pentagon with a security clearance so super-secret she never talked about her job at all.
My mom wasn’t the panicking kind.
A chill slid down my spine, shivering me into action. I grabbed my backpack off the floor and stood up.
“I can’t explain, Liam.” Her voice dropped to a whisper. “But this is not a drill. The senior people here are headed for the bunkers. They’ve only done that once before—and it was for real that day, too.”
“What about you, Mom? We’ll wait for you at home—”
“No. There’s not a second to lose. Don’t worry about me. And Liam,” she paused for a deep, choking breath and I realized she was crying—my tough, no nonsense mother who I’d seen kill a snake with a pair of hedge trimmers and drain pus from Dad’s legs right after the amputations—was sobbing over the phone. “Y-you know how much I love you, don’t you? You’re the best son any mother could have hoped for. Now get Lilly. Promise me you’ll go now. Promise me you’ll get to the Mountain Place as fast as you can before they make the announcement to the public. You might have an hour’s head start. Maybe less. Tell Lilly how much I love her. And when get to the Place, tell your father that I was wrong. Tell him that I—”
Mr. Murphy snatched the phone out of my hand before she could finish.
“Harper, we covered this the first day. No cell phones in my class—”
“Give me that back!” I grabbed his scrawny, spotted wrist and wrestled the phone out of his hand. He’s taller than me, but like I said, he’s an old man—at least 50-something. I’m not “cut” like that dude in those silly Twilight movies, but I chop wood, drag deer and seem to always have some heavy pack of something on my back, so I’m strong even when I’m not angry.
“How dare you, Harper,” Murphy seethed, grabbing my t-shirt with his face the color of ham and his eyes popping out of his saggy face. “You are not exempt from the rules in this—”
I shoved him away from me. His back thumped against the wall and his thick-soled shoes made a squishy wet fart noise as they slipped out from under him. He sank to the floor, his limps flopping over themselves like a sad stuffed animal in the Goodwill dollar bin.
“Uh oh, Apocalyptoid is at it again,” Rod Wasserman snickered, shaking his slick black hair out of his eyes. Wasserman was to me what Khan was to James T. Kirk in the Star Trek series: a nemesis with all the powers that I lacked—popularity, a quick wit and a seemingly endless supply of cash. Six weeks into the school year and we already had all kinds of history…none of it good.
“You—you—will be expelled for that, Harper—” Murphy sputtered, scrambling up from the floor. “You have been a disruptive influence from the first moment you set foot in this school—”
He was right, of course, but right then, it didn’t matter. I pressed my phone back against my ear.
“Mom? Mom?” I listened for evidence that she was still there, waiting to finish her sentence. But the connection was broken and she was gone.
Get Lilly and get to the Mountain Place. Now before they make the announcement to the public…
Whatever was happening was bad. Big and bad. 9/11/01 bad. I was too young to remember it, but I understood the impact of that day. If it hadn’t been for 9/11/01, Dad would probably still have two legs.
Get Lilly and get to the Mountain Place. Promise me…
School security would be after me in minutes—faster if Mr. Richter was involved—but instead of running straight for the nearest exit, I dashed down the hallways, once so strange to me, but now as familiar as the corridors of my own house. I had made exactly two friends since coming to John F. Kennedy High—and both of them were in Mrs. Standish’s fifth period class. One of them was Mrs. Standish herself…and the other was the kind of girl that I’d probably been homeschooled for all those years to avoid. Now that I knew Amaranth Jones, though, there was no way I was leaving without her.

back to top
2
Amaranth’s Welcome
Hers was the only face that stood out to me on the first day of school.
I hadn’t gone to a real school in more than five years—since I was in 5th grade. That was when Lilly was supposed to go to kindergarten. When Mom enrolled her, she and Dad had a huge fight. The next day Dad took over both our educations—and Mom moved into the guest bedroom.
After five years of school at the kitchen table, I had no idea what to expect from “regular school.” High school was what I’d seen on TV and in movies: sharply-divided and easily identifiable clicks of jocks and nerds, or glee club geeks and popular girls. But I quickly discovered that, in reality, high school was a sea of blue jeans and t-shirts, piercings and dyed hair, new smart phones and old backpacks.
And Amaranth.
And me.



I was standing there, talking to Nester Bartlett, the one kid my age I still knew from BDCH—before Dad came home—but only because the Barletta live right next door to us. Nester used to invite me over to play video games or to a toss a ball around—but that hadn’t happened in a long time. Not since my dad invited Nester’s stepdad on a deer hunt. Shortly after that, Nester’s stepdad told him we were “survivalist nutcases” and not to hang out with me anymore.
So I was surprised when Nester waved me over, grinning like we were buddies. “My man!” Nester’s Afro waved like the white fluffy stuff on a dandelion at the end of summer. “I was sure your Pop would pull the plug at the last minute. I bet he’s salty this morning!”
“Salty?”
“Pissed off,” Nester laughed. “I’m gonna like having you around. I’m far from the coolest dude in school, but next to you, I’m like, Prom King or something.”
“Yeah,” I agreed. “I guess so.”
“Well,” Nester leaned toward me. “I didn’t want to ask before—‘cause I wasn’t sure you were actually going to make it, but since you’re here, you think I could get a ride to school with you in the mornings? My stepdad’s new job with the law firm has some crazy hours. And Mom…” He didn’t finish the sentence. Nester’s mom was a pediatrician at Children’s Hospital and spent so much time with other people’s sick kids she rarely saw her own. “I got a bus pass but—” He looked a little embarrassed. “Well, you know how it is on the county bus. You’re the only kid our age I know who drives to school so I figured—”
“Sure. No problem.” My ancient Honda was parked behind the football field with a gold JFK Student parking tag hanging from the rearview mirror. It needed a paint job but the engine was rebuilt and it ran like new. I’d gotten my driver’s license last summer in West Virginia under a special provision that allowed farm kids to start driving at 14. Nester and I were the same age—fifteen—but under Maryland law, he had almost a full year to wait.
“Are you sure, man?” Nester scrunched his glasses up his nose and braced himself like he was expecting some payback for how he’d kneecapped me after the deer hunt. He didn’t know I was too happy to have someone to talk to go there.
“Yeah, sure,” I said, smiling. “It’s cool. I gotta come here anyway, right?”
Nester grinned, offering me his knuckles in salute. It took me a second before I understood, but eventually, I thumped my fist against his.
“All right,” Nester said, nodding. “Cool, then.”
He looked at me like he was waiting for me to say something, but I couldn’t think of anything that wouldn’t make me sound like an ignoramus. I wished I’d seen a recent movie, or owned a video game—or even that I played a sport—just to have something to offer. But the only thoughts that were in my mind were about how my father had gotten us all up at 3am for a morning drill, timing how quickly we could get our gear and be ready to “bug out” for safer territory in an emergency. He’d even wanted us to drive with him to the Mountain Place and back—a five hour round trip.
“They have school, David!” Mom snapped.
“So? Emergencies don’t limit themselves to weekends, Sandy! I got the bus idling outside. They’ll be back in time—”
“The Bus!” Mom rolled her eyes. “This is just ridiculous—”
And then they started arguing and finally, Dad left without us. Mom sent Lilly and me back to our rooms, telling us to “Go back to sleep!” But at the breakfast table, the worn-down, sleepless look on her face told me she hadn’t slept any better than I had.
I couldn’t say any of that to Nester, standing there on my very first day of public school in five years—not when I knew what Nester and his family thought of homeschooled kids in the first place—so I started looking around me.
JFK was like most of the schools in this part of Maryland: a suburban mix of races, religions and ethnicities bound together by the federal government and technology jobs scattered around Washington, DC like rings around a bull’s eye. Black kids and white kids, Chinese kids and African kids, Hispanic kids and Indian kids, for all their differences, all looked kind of the same—reasonably prosperous, reasonably well-educated, reasonably well-indulged.
Two men in dark purple shirts with the word “Security” emblazoned on their backs supervised us as we enjoyed the last of our freedom. One of them—a tall brown-skinned man with white teeth and an easy smile—moved among us, giving out high fives, hugs and jokes. He acted like more like the mayor of JFK than its police force and I could tell the kids liked him by the way they yelled, “Mr. Gary! Mr. Gary!” I wasn’t sure if that was his first name or his last, but he was hailed like a friend. The other guy, a stocky man white man with his thick lips angled down like a bulldog’s muzzle, stood in the street with his arms crossed on his barrel chest, glowering at us like a wary prison guard. He must have felt my stare because he looked right at me. I turned my head quickly, feeling like I’d done something wrong.
That’s when I saw her: a really pale girl with ratty shoulder length red hair and wide-open green eyes. She wore a dirty-looking blue hoodie over a grungy tank top that was probably white back when Bush was president and a pair of dark skinny legged jeans. She caught my attention because she was standing alone and completely still in the center of the noise and activity—and also because, even with the messy hair and the dirty looking clothes, she was the prettiest girl I’d ever seen.
I didn’t think she was looking at me—I even turned to see who was standing behind me—but I was wrong. She was staring at me, measuring me with an intensity that made me feel like a circus freak. I half expected her to pull out her phone and take a picture of me for her Instagram feed or whatever website she used to keep her many friends abreast of the passing seconds of her experience. But she didn’t.
“Who’s that? Really skinny girl. Red hair.”
“Oh,” Nester said dismissively. “That’s Amaranth Jones. She showed up a few years ago. Lives at one of the group homes for kids without parents.” He shrugged. “Stay away from her, man. She’s—”
A massive engine roared over his words. For a second I thought Rolling Thunder—the thousands of motorcycles that converge on Washington, DC on Memorial Day—had pulled into our high school parking lot months ahead of schedule. But there were no motorcycles.
An old bus, painted in the browns and greens of woodland camouflage, turned into the circular drive that was only supposed to be used by school busses. The yellow ones. But this bus hadn’t been used for transporting students for decades. The seats had been taken out and the windows tinted so you could only partly make out what was inside. There was a cow catcher—a long angled scooper, like on a snow plow—jury-rigged to its grill. But the biggest change was under the hood: the engine had been modified for speed and sound.
Of course, no one else knew all of that. All they could see was a dusty green bus with blacked-out windows parking right in front of the school.
Please don’t get out, I prayed. Please, please, please…
But the bus’s bi-fold doors creaked open with a pneumatic sucking sound and Dad emerged wearing his drab green flak jacket atop a pair of loose black cargo shorts. Something stuck out of the top pocket; the glass neck and shoulders of a bottle of whisky. Below the shorts, his metal calves gleamed, reflecting the morning sun.
I held myself still. In my old jeans and hoodie, maybe I would blend into the sea of faces, and he wouldn’t see me.
But no. The kids parted between us like Dad had Moses’ staff and they were the waters of the Red Sea.
“See?” Dad spread his arms wide and blew a hot breath of liquor in my face. “I told ya I could make it up to the mountain and back before your damn school started,” he said triumphantly. “Have a little faith in me, Liam.” His strong features rearranged themselves and he laid a heavy hand on my shoulder, bracing himself a little. “You all just need to have a little faith,” he repeated, his voice dropping to a whisper.
Everyone was staring. Nester edged away from me like I was contagious. Even over the bus’s grumbling engine I could hear the snickers and whispers. It felt like the end of everything I had hoped for out of high school before I’d even walked through the front doors.
“Sir!” The security bulldog muscled his way through the kids like they were standing between him and his Purina dog chow. “Sir, you can’t park your…uh, vehicle…there. School buses only—”
“It is a school bus. Or was.” Dad smiled like he’d amused himself.
Bulldog didn’t share Dad’s sense of humor. He was close enough now that I could read his name—“Mr. Richter”—stitched in yellow script on the upper left quadrant of his purple polo shirt.
“You can’t park that thing there!” Richter snarled. His thick fingers moved to the radio on his hip. “Now are you going to me move it, or do I need to call the cops—”
Without another word, Dad pivoted—not quite military sharp, but not bad for a man maneuvering on artificial legs—and hoisted himself back onto the bus. He drove off, the bus’s engine rumbling like a giant race car, just as the bell rang.
“All right, people! Summer’s over!” Mr. Gary opened his arms like a shepherd, embracing us with his deep, booming voice. “Get to your homerooms and get some knowledge in those brains—”
I turned to Nester. “So who is your homeroom—”
“I’m gonna go on ahead, man,” he said quickly, not meeting my eyes.
“Oh. Well, I guess I’ll see you after. My car is parked—”
“On second thought, never mind. The county bus isn’t so bad.” Nester was already trudging up the stairs, trying to put as much distance between us as possible. “I—I’ll see you around, Liam.”
The only kid I knew disappeared into the sea of strangers. Other kids pressed past me with laughter in their eyes. I knew I should follow them into the building, but I couldn’t make my feet move. I nearly gave up right then. I nearly went home. I nearly considered the whole “public school experiment” abandoned—when, out of nowhere, someone pushed me so hard I nearly fell into the street. A folded piece of paper landed in the center of my palm before the person dashed past me toward the parking lot.
“What’s…?” I began, swiveling around just as a flash of red hair disappeared under a blue hood.
It was Amaranth, and she was running away from the school like zombies were after her.
“Hey!” Mr. Richter yelled, taking off after her. “Hey!” He grabbed the radio off his belt and shouted into it. A police siren sounded, surprisingly nearby, but Amaranth had a head start. She dove into the street, ignoring the blaring car horns and the sickening sound of skidding brakes and kept running, crossing the street and disappearing into the trees.
I unfolded the scrap of paper. A single word was handwritten in a rounded, girly script:
“Welcome.”

back to top
3
One of Us
Get Lilly and get to the Mountain Place.
I heard my mother in my brain and felt the weight of my promise—but I had to stop in Mrs. Standish’s room. And not just because Amaranth was there.
The first time I saw Mrs. Standish, I thought Beyoncé must have gotten tired of touring and decided to teach high school Government. I had to check the piece of paper in my hand to make sure it was my schedule and not a ticket stub. She was a dead ringer for the pop star: same caramel brown skin, same light brown hair but pulled into a smooth pony tail that brushed her back. Even though she was wearing a drab pair of black trousers and a fussy-looking blouse with a big flowers all over it you could tell she had a banging body.
Not only was Mrs. Standish hot, she was cool, too. If you know what I mean. She’d saved my butt once…and I owed her.
After Dad showed up in the bug out bus, I’d tried to keep a low profile, but I was more different from other kids than I realized.
It was about two weeks into the school year when I messed up—and Dad had nothing to do with it.





“Citizenship. It’s the contract between the government and the governed.” Mrs. Standish stood near the white board, gesturing at the red letters on the screen when a shrill bleating noise—like the sound of an amplifier backfiring—interrupted her. It sounded three times in rapid succession and then stopped.
“Crap,” Mrs. Standish muttered, grimacing. She shut off the computer and hurried to the door, peering out of the tiny rectangular pane of glass before turning the lock quickly. “Take your positions everyone, quickly now!” She ordered, shuttering the lights.
A shooter drill. I’d heard of them but no one had ever told me exactly what to expect or what to do, so I stood there, a clueless target, as all around me, kids popped out of desks and began causally sliding them across the room until they formed a barricade. Then, one by one they all dropped to the floor and crawled beneath them. I watched them, bewildered, while they laughed and chatted and worked their smart phones, the screen lights hovering above the floor like fireflies on a summer’s night.
Mrs. Standish kept calling out instructions. “Jason! Courtney! Lower the blinds! Someone’s phone needs to be on silent and I mean now!” but instead of moving toward the makeshift bunker she retreated to a humongous black tote bag in the bottom drawer of her desk. She dropped an object into her trousers as quickly and nonchalantly as if she was pocketing a breath mint, but I saw it.
A gun.
A .22 pistol, to be exact—we had a couple of those in the gun safe at home. It was one of the first guns I ever fired, out on the range with my Dad when he was home on leave from one of his tours of duty, before the landmine. I was probably six or seven years old.
There was no way she was supposed to have that—and from the look on her face when she turned around and caught me staring at her, she knew that, too.
“Take cover, Liam. Under there. Like the others—”
“No, ma’am.” I grabbed a chair.
“No, wait! It’s just—”
But I had already smashed it against the concrete block wall. I separated a metal leg from the plastic seat and tossed the rest aside. What remained was a nasty piece of jagged metal with a couple of bolts sticking out.
“Dude! What are you doing?” A kid said from under the desk.
Rod Wasserman. He had slick shoulder length hair that he fussed with and swung around like a girl, glasses and a pair of lips that slanted to the side like he was always cracking wiseass. He had this way about him—like he was entitled to everyone’s attention—and I detested him, even before I knew his name or that his Mom was on the County Council.
“Making a weapon,” I hissed in reply. “It’s crude and ugly, but if you catch an intruder in the face with it, it’ll give you time to disarm him and—” I leveled my makeshift bat but misjudged the weight of metal. Wham! The jagged screws punctured the envelope of glass just above the door’s lock and sent the shards jangling onto the classroom’s beige tile.
“God, you really are a dumbass!” Wasserman howled. “It’s just a freaking drill—”
Footsteps pounded up the hall.
“What’s going on in there?” A rough male voice cried, pounding on the door. “Is everyone all right? Open this door! Open up—”
“Look out, Mr. Richter! It’s DEFCON 1 in here!” Wasserman yelled.
Under the desks, Wiseass and the other kids started laughing. Mrs. Standish rolled her eyes and sighed. “We’re fine! Just an accident!” she called, unlocking the door.
Mr. Richter barreled into the room sending the first row of the desk-barricade squealing across the floor.
“What the hell is going on here?” He barked as his eyes swept over me and my chair leg club. “Drop it!”
I let go. The metal rod clanged to the floor alongside the mess of broken glass and rolled.
“I knew you were trouble as soon as I saw you,” he muttered under his breath, grabbing me by my collar and shoving me into the hallway. “Come on.”

Amaranth sat on a square blue chair outside the principal’s office—identical to the one Richter shoved me onto. Two slow tears rolled down her face. She didn’t look at me—didn’t even move—while Richter stood over us both, breathing so hard his chest expanded and deflated with every huff.
Somewhere in a galaxy far, far away the bell rang signaling the end of third period. In the hallways outside the office, I heard the organized chaos of students moving from one class to the next. I wondered if I would ever make it to fourth period Calculus, or if I’d be leaving in one of those police cars I’d seen parked on the edge of the property, headed to reform school…or worse, home. I could already hear Dad gloating: “I told you so. You’re not like those other kids, Liam, thank God. You belong here. I can teach you and Lilly everything you need to know.”
I closed my eyes, but I couldn’t stop his voice in my head. Shut up, I thought over and over again, hoping the words would erase Dad from my mind. Shut up. Shut up, shut up—
Principal Ericsson was a tall stooped-shouldered man with a long sad face that would have reminded me of Abraham Lincoln if he hadn’t been balder than Mr. Clean. Richter bounded over to him, speaking urgently and gesturing at me with the chair fragment. When Mrs. Standish rushed in a few seconds later, the three of them disappeared behind the principal’s closed door.
“Principal’s office after only two weeks.” Amaranth didn’t look at me, but she slapped another tear from her cheek. “Impressive, Doomsday. Your parents must be proud.”
“T-thanks,” I stammered, stupidly. “No. I don’t mean ‘thanks.’ I mean—”
She interrupted me with a shrug, her lips barely moving as though she were afraid the office secretaries were spies.
“Ericson is okay. Fair. Whatever you did with that metal thing, Ericson will at least give you the chance to tell your side of the story. But Richter? Richter is the worst—”
“Why did you write me that note?”
She was silent for so long, I thought I’d pissed her off. But finally, she said softly, “Because right now, you’re the only person in this whole school who hasn’t already decided who I am…and I need that. I need at least one person with an open mind. And from the looks of things, so do you.” She fixed me with a sudden smile made her eyes glow like emeralds. My cheeks felt warm and my throat felt tight. “So, you got a name?”
“Liam,” I croaked sounding more like a frog than any girl’s Prince Charming. Amaranth laughed.
“You know, you’d have a Zach Ephron thing going if you’d grow your hair out a little. You got a phone, Liam?” she asked, pulling a device nearly as old and uncool as my own out of her jeans pocket and tapping in my number. “Feel free to text anytime—”
The principal’s door opened again and Richter barreled out, his face almost as purple as his shirt.
“To think I drive two hours down from Lowellstown every morning for this kind of crap,” he muttered, and then left the office, slamming the door behind him. Mrs. Standish followed, a Grammy-winning smile shining on her face.
“It’s okay, Liam,” she said, dropping an arm over my shoulders. “I think we’ve worked this out. I’m going to have to call your parents, but don’t worry about that. I intend to tell your father that you’re the kind of kid I’d want if the SHTF,” she added in a low voice and winked at me, confirming what I’d suspected when she took that pistol out of her big black bag.
She was one of us.



“The SHTF, Mrs. S,” I shouted, bursting into the room. “It’s now.”
The teacher blinked at me. She knew the initials stood for “the stuff hit the fan”—only the word most people used wasn’t “stuff.”
“Liam, are—are you sure?” Mrs. Standish said at last.
“Yes.” I hurried toward the back of the room and pulled Amaranth out of her seat. I read questions in her eyes, but she grabbed her backpack and jacket wordlessly, locking her fingers in mine. I’d never touched her before and any other time, the feel of her warm hand in mine would have made my heart burst with pure joy.  But I was worried about getting to Lilly and there wasn’t time to really feel it.
“But what—?” Mrs. Standish began, but I cut her off.
“I don’t know what. Mom called. From the Pentagon. They’re sending people underground. It’s bad.”
Mrs. Standish’s features kaleidoscoped her emotions as she decided whether to trust me or not.
“All right,” she said a moment later. She pulled the giant black bag—her “go bag” I knew—out of her desk drawer and this time, I saw the flap of gas mask hanging out of one unzipped corner. “Go home, people. Go home now. Fill your sinks and bathtubs with water and put together as much food as you can—”
“But, Mrs. Standish, what about the test?” Some book-stupid over-achiever began.
“None of that matters now! Go home! Quickly! Don’t wait for the bell or permission or anything! I don’t know what’s coming, but prepare for something bad. Something that changes the way we live. Go! Now!”
Those kids all blinked at each other like their day dreams had suddenly become realities…and they weren’t sure what do about it. No one moved. Mrs. Standish shook her head in frustration.
“Thank you, Liam. You’re a good kid.” Mrs. Standish squeezed me and Amaranth into a brief hug. “Good luck to us all,” she whispered and then dashed into the hallway ahead of us. She took off running in one direction; Amaranth and I took off in the other.

back to top
4
Panic in the Streets
“I need Lilly Harper.”
Someone had tried very hard to make the office of MacArthur Elementary School cheerful by painting the concrete block walls yellow and covering them with murals of smiling, hand-holding kids from all over the world. But old is old—and a 50-year-old school named after a general isn’t going to look like “It’s A Small World” at Disney no matter what you do to it.
On the drive over, Amaranth had tried to get my Dad on his cell phone several times, but it rolled straight to voicemail like the phone was off. I imagined him, climbing on and off the tractor harvesting pumpkins, oblivious to what was going on, nurturing the Earth with the same intensity he’d once given to patrolling the deserts of Kandahar. Either that or he was on his way to us right now, winding down the steep Appalachian hollows to pluck us out of harm’s way. Either way, he wasn’t answering his phone and I couldn’t help wondering if he was still so angry with all me that, now, in his moment of vindication, he was determined to make me pay for the things I’d said.
“I need Lilly Harper, please,” I repeated. “Like, right now.”
The secretary with the smoker’s upper lip frowned at me over her glasses.
“Aren’t you a little young to be picking up?” Her voice was edged in tone I’ve noticed in a lot of adults: a big hunk of suspicion layered with sticky sweet “concerned” frosting. “Shouldn’t you be in school yourself?”
“I’m her brother. I just got a call from our Mom. She needs us to come home. Right now. Our…uh…grandfather died.”
It wasn’t exactly a lie. Our grandfathers—both of them—were dead. Years ago. I don’t think the lady believed me, but she turned back to her computer and typed Lilly’s name. “So you must be….”
“Liam. Liam Harper—” I finished impatiently. “She’s in the second grade. Her teacher is a man…uh…Mr.…”
“Mr. Bittner? The special education class?” The woman’s second look was pity mixed with curiosity, topped off with relief that she didn’t have a kid with Lilly’s disabilities.
“Yes, ma’am.” I stood up straighter, signaling that her pity was misplaced, but she had already snatched her phone.
“Mr. Bittner? Can you send Lilly Harper for dismissal?” she was saying as I edged toward the doors. “And where do you think you’re going?”
“To get my sister—”
“You can’t just wander the halls. It’s a security hazard—”
I took off running. I’d broken so many rules, one more wouldn’t matter. Besides, if this was IT—the end of the world as we know it or ‘”te ot waw ki” as my Dad shorthanded it—there weren’t any rules. Not anymore.
I ran like she’d released the hounds or something, skidding through the school and onto the second grade corridor with a squeal of sneaker rubber. Lilly stood with her hand on the door of her classroom, her backpack dripping from her fingers.
My sister’s face stopped me like it always did—even now, after all these years. Her hair was the same dark brown as my own and she wore it loose on her shoulders, bangs covering her pale forehead. From a distance, you can’t see the slant of her eyes and the puffiness beneath them or the slackness of her mouth—both characteristics of kids with Down’s Syndrome—but when she spoke, the thick-tongued sound of her voice gave her away. She was almost ten, but they decided the best place for her in a regular school was Mr. Bittner’s second grade class, which seemed to be filled with kids who were, for one reason or the other, a little slower than their peers.
She took one look at me and turned back to her classroom. “Uh oh. Something’s wrong,” she lisped. “I have to get my friend Elise—”
“We can’t Lilly. I know she’s your friend but I can’t just take someone else’s kid out of this school. They’ll arrest me for like kidnapping or something—”
An alarm shrieked, echoing off the empty hallways. I jumped, panic rising in my chest. They called the cops, I thought wildly. Sealed the exits like in a prison break movie. I had already imagined myself surrounded, using Lilly as a human shield to escape, when a trembling female voice commandeered the loudspeakers.
“Teachers, we have a serious situation. Please suspend all activities and assume hurricane sheltering positions immediately. Immediately. This is not a drill. I repeat—”
Doors opened all around us, filling the halls with the anxious voices of teachers and students alike.
“What is it? Do you know what’s going on?” Teachers whispered to each other as they helped the children turn their faces toward the painted cinder block. “Crouch down and face the wall!” I heard over and over again in voices tinged with fear. Lilly and I stood frozen in the hallway like Indiana Jones staring down a snake.
“Something about a massive terrorist attack,” replied a short woman with an enormous derriere. She divided her attention between her students and her iPhone. “Head over your arms, Christopher. Yes. Like that—”
“Elise!” Lilly grabbed the hand of brown-skinned little girl who wore her straight black hair braided into two shoulder-length pigtails. Next to Lilly, she looked tiny and I figured she must have been about seven. “Elise,” Lilly repeated. Her voice was too loud and her words slow and exaggerated. “You…have…to come…with me!”
The little girl’s eyes widened, but unlike some kids who act like they’re afraid of Lilly because she’s older and bigger and different from the average second grader, she didn’t pull away.
“What is it, Lilly—?” she asked. Her Spanish accent was so thick my sister’s name sounded like it was missing the middle “l”s: Le Ye. “¿Que pasa?”
Lilly grabbed the little’s girls arm tighter. She tried to lower her voice to a whisper, but managed only a dramatic urgency. “It’s not safe here, Elise,” she said firmly. “My brother Liam is going to take us somewhere. Somewhere much better—”
From somewhere outside the building, a warning siren pierced the school’s walls, blanketing us with its urgent wail. It wasn’t the patterned “woo-woo” of a police car or an ambulance; it was more like a steady crescendo from a low note to higher one. It took me a few seconds to remember where I’d heard it before—in an old movie from the World War II days. An air raid siren.
“Oh my God!” The hippy teacher shrieked, staring at her phone in horror. “Oh my God! It can’t be! It can’t be—”
“What? What?” The other teachers chorused, reached for their own devices.
“It’s a nuclear bomb! Aimed at Washington!” She cried. Her bottom jiggled as she ran toward the exit. “I’m sorry. I can’t—I can’t stay here. I’ve got to get to my own kids!”
Kids started yelling and crying. Teachers started yelling and crying. In the chaos, Elise grabbed Lilly’s hand, I grabbed Lilly’s and the three of us ran.


“What took you so long?” Amaranth had slid into the driver’s seat and the radio was so loud it almost drowned out the siren. “They’re saying it’s a bomb, Liam. A nuclear bomb! It’s supposed to destroy Washington, DC. Any minute now! What do we do?”
“I don’t know.” I grabbed my phone and hit the speed dial. Dad still couldn’t—or wouldn’t—answer.
Amaranth glared poison at me. “What do you mean, ‘you don’t know?’ I thought this is what your family lived for! I thought—”
“Dad always thought it would be some kind of chemical attack,” I snapped. “Everyone thought that was what the terrorists would do next—”
Amaranth cranked the radio up another notch. An urgent male voice assaulted my ear drums.
“We now have confirmed that this isn’t an isolated incident but a coordinated effort of multiple nuclear events in major cities and power plants and military installations across the country including Chicago, New York, Atlanta, Washington, D.C., and Los Angeles. Retaliatory strikes have already been launched…signaling…signaling…” The guy didn’t sound confident and authoritative like people on the news usually did. In fact, it sounded like he was crying. “The end, folks. All citizens are urged to stay take cover immediately.” The announcer struggled for composure. “Take cover immediately, indoors and as far underground as possible. Fallout and radiation will be issues for days after the immediate damage of these attacks is over—”
The newscaster stopped speaking and there was the sound of some kind of scuffle, then clearly: “Fine! Fire me! We’re all dead anyway. I’m going home to my family. I’m going—”
Then the broadcast went silent.
“Quiero a mi mama. Mami? Quiero a mi mama,” Elise whispered. There were tears running down her face.
I don’t know much Spanish, but “Mami” I understood. I handed the little girl my phone.
“Call her,” I said, hoping she understood English better than she spoke it. “Tell her you’re safe. That you’re with Lilly Harper’s family and we’ll get you home to her as soon as we can—”
“You have to tell me where I’m going, Liam,” Amaranth hissed as she eased the car away from the school. Her driving was jerky and uncertain and it was obvious she hadn’t had a whole lot of practice. “Am I driving to some bunker out the wilderness or—”
She slammed on brakes, throwing us all forward so suddenly I nearly hit my head on the dashboard. “What the—”
Cars were everywhere on the two lane street that led from the elementary school. If we turned right, it was about half a mile to our house; if we turned left it was about half a mile to the Commons—a large shopping area with a couple of grocery stores, restaurants and specialty stores. But the normally quiet suburban street looked like the mall parking lot at Christmas. People had abandoned the rules of the road in their haste to reunite with family members, get home or flee. There were cars on the sidewalks, in the turn lanes and even a few veering into the opposite lanes of traffic.
Get Lilly and get to the Mountain Place. Those were my orders…but it was obvious I couldn’t even make it home. Elise handed me back my phone.
“Gracias,” the little girl offered in a small voice, wiping more tears off her face. “She say…God goes with you…” She curled her fingers around a small gold cross around her neck and closed her eyes, whispering prayers in rapid Spanish and sobbing.
“It’s okay, Elise,” Lilly patted her shoulder and fixed her big brown eyes on me with a confidence I knew I didn’t deserve. “Liam will take care of us until my Dad gets here. And when Dad gets here everything will be fine.” She nodded vigorously, her chest puffed with pride. “My Dad is a bad ass, isn’t he, Liam?”
Bad asttthzz.
Amaranth’s head swung toward Lilly like she’d just realized that Lilly was a little different.
“Yeah, Lil,” I agreed, pressing the hotkey for Dad’s cell one more time.
Nothing.
He’d been preparing for this—prepping, he called it—for the last five years. Now the moment was here and he wasn’t. He’d tried to teach me but I hadn’t paid much attention, especially the last few years when his drinking had accompanied his mania for the end of the world. And now, here I was, empty-brained in the face of disaster, feeling their three pairs of eyes—Elise, Lilly and Amaranth’s—waiting for me to channel Dad’s badass and take charge.
I closed my eyes, ransacking my brain for everything I could remember. Every drill. Every conversation. Every prep.
“Pull over, Amaranth.”
“But—”
“Pull over!” I repeated. I opened my door and watched the asphalt roll beneath my feet. “We’re going to have to walk the rest of the way. We can cut through there—” I pointed to the jogging path around the man-made lake across the street. It was centerpiece of this part of town and every spring there was a huge Fun Run around the muddy brown water. “There’s a side path on the far side that leads right to our subdivision.”
“So we’re going to your house?” Amaranth frowned. “I thought your Mom said—”
“Forget it. With traffic like this, we’ll never make it out of town. They’re saying to take cover immediately, so that’s what we’re going to do. We’re going to bug in—”
“What’s that?”
“Uh oh,” Lilly grimaced. “That means we’re going to spend some time in the hole. I don’t like the hole, Liam.”
“I know, Lilly,” I said, taking her hand and helping her out of the car. “Give me your backpack. We have to run.” I stretched a hand toward the other girl but she shrank from me nervously, shaking her head and murmuring something in Spanish I didn’t understand.
“It’s okay. Está bien,” Amaranth said softly, nodding toward me. “El no te hara dano. ¡Corre!”
Whatever she said, the little girl nodded. She took Amaranth’s hand and they darted across the street. Lilly and I loped along behind them, going as fast as Lilly could until we emerged from the lake path to find our cul de sac besieged with the same panic we’d seen in the streets. People ran in and out of their houses, loading up their cars with all kinds of supplies: water bottles, paper towels, suitcases, camping gear.
“Look out!” Amaranth screamed as a minivan fishtailed down a driveway and nearly clipped me. The driver sped down the street with his horn blaring like his was the only emergency.
Our house crested Woodman Lane on a hill just steep enough to make you breathless if you were running or walking fast, like we were. We passed a dozen or so houses before we reached our neat three-bedroom Colonial with its yellow siding and two-car garage.
Lilly saw them first.
“Liam, who are those people?” she asked. “Why are they taking our stuff?”
Our house was under siege. The front windows were busted and the door was open. The security alarm bleated like a back-up singer to the air raid siren still shrieking all around us. People streamed in and out with our survival gear, our food and just about everything else that wasn’t nailed down. I recognized them: they all were students at JFK High.
“Hey! That doesn’t belong to you!” Lilly yelled at Amy Yamamoto as she emerged from our house with Lilly’s camouflage rucksack on her shoulder. I heard her words as the thieves must have heard them: Thad duddn’t beong tu yuh.
Amy was a petite Asian girl who would have been pretty if her nose and lips weren’t always scrunched into each other like she smelled something bad. Her outfit reminded me that it was Homecoming week and there had been a pep rally scheduled: she wore black leggings, her gold and purple cheerleading skirt and a JFK Trojans warm-up hoodie under a white puffy jacket. Even if she hadn’t been in a couple of my classes her face would have been familiar: it beamed out of posters slicked on the walls over the school: Vote Amy for Sophomore Homecoming Princess!
She blinked at Lilly in confusion and then glanced at me, a flush of shame coloring her cheeks.
“Hey, it wasn’t my idea,” she sputtered defensively, but she didn’t surrender the supply bag. “It was—”
“Crap,” Amaranth muttered as Rod Wasserman came striding out of my house, wearing my rucksack and carrying a 9mm Glock pistol. “Honestly, Liam. Couldn’t you have picked a dumber enemy? One without a gun?”
“It’s not his gun,” I said quietly. “It’s mine.”

back to top
5
Time’s Up
Wasserman stood there, training my own gun at me, while his girlfriend wore my sister’s go bag like a fashion accessory—and for a fraction of a second all I could think of was red paint.



“Need favor. Meet at gym doors. Take shortcut I taught u.”
I read Amaranth’s text surreptitiously during Biology lab just before our first dissection: a frog. Kids were complaining about how “gross” it was and how they were going to be sick. Amy Yamamoto, my lab partner, refused to touch our frog at all. Instead, she twisted her hair up into a ponytail and occupied herself with picking some red stuff off her fingertips, smiling to herself like she had a secret.
Whatever. I’d slit all kinds of animals from sternum to anus and pulled out their guts, so it wasn’t any kind of deal to me. I sent back a quick “OK” and, ignoring the smell of formaldehyde, made my first cut, pulling back the skin easily to expose the lungs, the stomach and the heart. The whole time, my mind was on Amaranth.
She was right, ugly rumors swirled about her. But there was something original about her. I never knew what she was going to do next or what she might say. I wondered what the “favor” was and if it was something that would get me in even more trouble...because I was already in plenty of it.
When the lab was over, I shortcutted through the Music and Art hallways like Amaranth had showed me. It was an odd space in the otherwise crowded school: empty-feeling, without any classrooms or lockers. I passed a door labeled “Maintenance” and another that looked like some kind of storage closet, propped open with one of those bright yellow work buckets. It wasn’t until I saw the large gray exit doors and the “Fire Exit Only-Alarm Will sound” sign that I realized I’d gone too far. I’d missed the short hallway that led to the gym—just like I did last time.
I turned on my heel, my sneakers squishy in the silence. There were close to 1500 kids in the building, but down here, I was alone.
“Stop!”
The voice was female and familiar and coming from the storage closet. Amaranth?
“You know the deal, little girl—”
I stopped. I knew that voice, too.
Richter.
I crept closer to the open storage room door, peering into the darkness inside.
Richter pressed Amaranth up against the wall, his beefy weight grinding against her. One of his thick hands pinned her hands over her head. The other one looked like it was somewhere under her shirt.
“Not now—” Amaranth said. She didn’t sound angry, but her face was crimped with disgust. “I gotta go—”
“Not yet you don’t—” Richter said and his hand moved again, this time toward his khaki pants.
“Hey!” My voice sounded too loud, too possessive and too angry even in my own ears. Richter sprang away from her like he’d burned himself.
“What are you doing here, Harper?” he growled at me. He smoothed his polo shirt into his khakis and the skin on his neck lit up like Rudolph the Reindeer’s nose.
She hadn’t looked scared when the security guard’s hands had been all over her, but now Amaranth shot me a look of warning that completely threw me off guard. I’d thought I was the hero, but that look said I was something else.
“I—I—I got lost,” I stammered. “I was looking for the gym—”
“I’ll show him,” Amaranth rearranged her sweater and edged away from the man. “See you tomorrow?”
Richter glowered at me but he didn’t say anything else. We left him standing in the storage closet, red-necked and alone.
“You want to tell me what that was all about?” I asked when we stepped into the student parking lot.
“Survival,” she answered without looking at me. “Where’s your car?”
“What are you talking about?” I demanded. “That can’t be right! He works here! He’s not supposed be—be—” None of the words for what I’d seen him doing were ones I was comfortable saying aloud. “On you like that,” I mumbled at last feeling my cheeks get hot.
“Yeah, well, lots of things aren’t what they’re supposed to be,” Amaranth muttered bitterly. “Is that yours?”
“Yeah—” I began, but then I saw the red paint marring the hood and the doors.
Doomsday Mobile…Apocalypti-car…The End is Near…
Someone had sprayed the words all over my car in violent red letters.
“Spray paint. And it’s dry,” Amaranth touched the door panel with a finger. “It’s gonna be a big job getting this off.”
“But who—”
“Who else? Wasserman and his friends.” She shrugged. “They think it’s funny, I guess.”
I remembered Amy Yamamoto’s red fingers, and the evil little grin on her face.
“But why?” I slammed my hands on the hood, covering the word “Doomsday” with my palms. Anger, hard and cold and barely within my control, surged through my body. “What did I ever do to him?”
Amaranth patted my arm, her eyes soft with pity. “Oh, Liam, what a simple universe you live in,” she said gently. “Who knows why anyone does anything?” She stopped, her eyes fixed on a spot over my shoulder. “But it looks like you’re going to get a chance to ask him.”
I turned. Wasserman was sauntering toward me with Amy Yamamoto at his side, shaking his head in mock sympathy.
“Gee, Doomsday, what happened?” Wiseass smirked. “Looks like somebody doesn’t like you very much.”
“Somebody?” When I stepped to him, we both realized that, though Wasserman was a couple inches taller, I had him weight and strength. All it would take would be one hard punch, and I’d have him on his knees.
Wasserman lifted his hands, stepping back and stretching his eyes wide with innocence. “Hey, take it easy, dude. I’m a joker, not a fighter.” His eyes flicked over to Amaranth. “But there might be hope for you after all, Apocalyptoid. Looks like you’ve found the school’s biggest slut. But I guess that’s not really an accomplishment. She’s always advertising, looking for new business—”
I lunged at him. If Amaranth hadn’t grabbed my arm he’d have been on the asphalt, eating gravel.
“Hey, I’m no slut. Sluts work for free. Ask Amy,” she quipped. “I get paid for what I do, remember? You had to go steal some money from Mommy that time we did it, Wasserman.”
Amy glared at Amaranth like she could have eaten her with a side order of fried rice. Rod’s mouth opened and closed, but he couldn’t think of a thing to say. I guess he was more used to dishing out unflattering nicknames than being called by them.
“Whatever,” he said at last, backing away from me. When he was almost out of earshot, he yelled, “Love to be at your house when the Bionic Man sees that mess. He’ll probably take off one of his legs and beat you with it!”
Blood roared in my ears. I had to close my eyes and count to ten to keep from running after Wasserman and smacking his pimply face.
“Forget them, Liam.” Amaranth grinned at me like we’d won, then tugged on the defaced passenger side door. “Open up. We can stop at the drug store and get a big jug of nail polish remover. It takes off spray paint. I’ll help you and the car will be clean in no time.”
I stared at her. “What about the favor?”
“Favor?” Her gingery brows contracted in confusion.
“Yeah. Isn’t that what you texted? That you needed a favor?”
“Oh, that.” A troubled cloud drifted over her face, erasing the smile so completely I wished I kept my mouth shut. “You already did it, Liam. When you stopped Richter. Look—don’t ask questions you don’t want the answers to,” she continued quickly. “Please…let’s just go get some nail polish remover, okay?”



Now, Wasserman and Amy were violating what was mine again. The anger I’d swallowed for Amaranth’s sake returned like the after burn of a cafeteria sloppy Joe.
“What are you doing here, Wasserman?”
“The world’s ending, Doomsday, and I needed a few things. Why go loot the Walmart when I know someone who has been stockpiling it forever? So thanks for all the cool survival stuff, Apocalyptoid,” he said, holding the gun carelessly.
“I thought you said they had all kinds of food?” Amy whined. “I don’t see anything more than the usual pantry stuff.”
“Oh, they’ve got food. Doomsday’s old man lives for this. Remember Back to School night?”
I sighed. My Dad’s performance at Back to School night wasn’t a memory I wanted to relive. Dad had broken his own first rule of prepping—secrecy—not once, but twice. First when he drove to school in the bus and second at Back to School night. No wonder Wasserman and the others had come here.
“We need that food now, Rod.” Amy said anxiously. “They’re telling everyone to take cover immediately. I want to get home to my mom—”
“Got it covered, babe,” Wasserman said. He raised the gun at me. “Out with it, Harper. Where’s the stash?”
He sounded like a movie tough guy, but I saw the way his hand shook and the awkward way he held his arm. Wasserman was faking; he’d never held a firearm in his life. He was acting like he was going to do me some damage—but he didn’t know the weapon. He hadn’t even loaded a round into the chamber.
“Where is it, Apocalyptoid? Where’s the stuff?”
I shrugged. “That’s it, Wiseass. You and your friends took it.”
Wasserman’s shaggy head wagged from side to side. “It’s all loaded on that bus of your old man’s, isn’t it? The one he drove to school the first day. Where’s your buggy bus, Doomsday?”
“It’s not a ‘buggy bus.’ It’s a ‘bug out’ bus. And my Dad took it when he left us. He took the stash, too. To West Virginia. A month ago. You’ve taken everything we have so why don’t you just go.”
Panic turned Rod’s face an ugly shade of red. “You’re lying. There’s more here. It’s hidden.” He gestured with the gun. “Find them. Now. Or I’ll—”
“You’ll what?”
I didn’t realize how many people were watching us until Rod looked around. Some of the other kids he’d brought with him had taken what they could and left—probably hurrying over to loot the Shoppers Storehouse or the Home Mart—but there were still a half- dozen teenagers watching the standoff between us like it was an episode of True Blood they hadn’t seen.
“Or I’ll shoot you, you god damned freak!” Rod shouted, pointing the semi-automatic at me, one handed and straight armed.
“I don’t think so,” I said. “The gun isn’t loaded.”
Confusion and fear flickered over Wiseass’ face—and that’s when I lunged at him, grabbing the extended arm and jerking it upward with my left hand while my right knee connected hard to his groin. The pistol fell out of his hand and I caught it before it hit the ground. I slid lever release quickly, letting its metallic “click” communicate better than any words I could have ever said.
“Oops. I guess it’s loaded after all. Now, give my sister her backpack,” I told Amy, leveling the pistol at Wasserman’s face. “The rest of you, drop what you’re holding and—”
A flare of light erupted in the sky behind Wasserman, obliterating the sun. It was blinding—the brightest thing I’d ever seen—and I couldn’t stop myself from staring, shielding my eyes a little with the back of my hand as it sliced the perfect blue of the sky. Wasserman turned, watching the rising brightness with his mouth open, his usual smirk replaced by an expression of terrified awe. Amy Yamamoto shrank against him, reaching instinctively for his hand.
“No, no, no...” she moaned. “No, no…”
I was rooted where I stood, watching the sky get brighter and brighter, dazzling me with its brilliant glow. A moment later a dark cloud, that reminded me more of popcorn than mushrooms spread across the sky. It was mesmerizing: beautiful and terrible, fascinating and horrifying. It might have been over for me—for all of us—right then if Lilly hadn’t yanked my arm.
“My eyes are hurting, Liam,” she whined. “I want to go inside.”
Don’t just stand there, Liam. Get Lilly, my mother urged in my brain. Move, Liam, move!
I hit the automatic button the garage, but nothing happened. I grabbed the metal knob and yanked. It protested, but I got it up just enough.
“Get inside! Hurry!” I shouted, grabbing Lilly and Elise and pulling them toward the opening. “Amaranth! Come on!”
We ducked into the cool darkness, disoriented after the bright light, but I kept moving, dragging the little girls toward the door to the house at the other end of the garage.
“Liam—” Amaranth began breathlessly, but I ignored her.
“In!” I shouted. “Now! Lilly, straight to the basement, fast—”
A blast of heat—like someone had aimed a blowtorch right at the back of my neck—ended the sentence. I dove for the kitchen floor, behind the granite of the kitchen island, sheltering Lilly with my body as the heat roared through the room, shattering the windows and scattering glass all over us. I heard screaming from the street, terrible agonizing shrieks of agony and the roaring sounds of sudden flames.
I hadn’t realized they were there until Wasserman howled. His hands covered his face. Amy was crying and trying to help him at the same time.
“Come on!” I yelled, pulling myself up on my hands and knees. I remembered now—something from an old book my father had used in a lesson on the Cold War about nuclear blasts. The heat wave would be felt as far as 30 miles away about 10 seconds after impact, followed by a shockwave another few seconds later.
“How far are we from DC?” I had asked him—only for him to reply, “Look it up.” And maybe because he made me find out on my own I remembered: 26 miles.
“We only have a few seconds!” I hollered, crawling toward the door to basement. “Get down there! Go! Go!”
Our basement is nothing glamorous—at least not compared to most of the ones in the neighborhood. Most had carpeting and track lighting and huge television sets mounted on the walls. By comparison, our basement was tiny, damp and utilitarian. We slid down hard wooden stairs in complete darkness until I remembered the flashlight hanging off the strap of my rucksack and shone a dim circle of light on concrete floors and walls and a ceiling of unfinished beams. The hot water heater hunkered in one corner of the cramped space and the furnace on the other. Between them, there were all kinds of objects my parents hadn’t found any other place to store: boxes of Christmas decorations, a few old pieces of luggage—and Nester Bartlett.
Nester and his little brother Nate stood near the door that led to our backyard, their faces cinched with panic.
I hadn’t seen much of Nate in a long time—probably a year. He’d always been a bulky kid, with thick shoulders and a bit of jelly roll around his mid-section, but he looked bigger than I remembered now: moonfaced and unhealthy. I supposed he was about twelve now and hadn’t hit his growth spurt. Nester towered over him, gangly and razor thin, his wild hair capping him off like a pencil’s eraser.
“Liam…” Sweat beaded on Nester’s face and he was out of breath, like he’d been running. Nate wheezed and cried and muttered something I couldn’t understand. “Man, you gotta help us—”
The ground trembled. Our house shuddered and shook like a freight train was driving through the center of it.
“Come on!” I shouted at him, reaching behind the furnace for the crowbar that was always there. “Get over here and help me!”
He skittered across the room with Nate at his heels.
You wouldn’t have known what it was just by looking at it: it was really nothing more than crack in the concrete block of the basement’s floor. Then you might realize it was awfully straight to be random. And then, if you had the time to follow it to its corner, you’d see that it was connected to another crack and another and another and eventually you’d understand that it was a door, cut into the floor, not made of concrete at all, but of steel painted to match the rest of the basement floor.
Nester and I pried the door up. As I lifted it, a single battery operated bulb flicked to life, lighting up the ladder of eleven rungs to the bottom. Nester gazed at me in amazement.
“You really do have one! A real life bomb shelter—”
The ground shuddered so violently the whole house swayed. The wood and metal groaned and squealed like the beams would shatter apart. “Go! Go!” I shouted, pushing them down the rungs one after the other. “Go!”
I grabbed the door and slammed it shut, extinguishing the light as the latch clicked behind me. I bolted the long steel lock bar across the top of it in total darkness, then turned, feeling my way down the ladder. A terrible force, powerful and invisible, shook the earth like dice. I fell—rungs and rungs from the bottom— landing so hard on my stomach that I couldn’t breathe.
“Liam!” I heard my name, but my ears felt like they were full of cotton and I couldn’t make my tongue work at all. My last clear thought was that I’d locked my sister and her friend, Nate and his brother, Amaranth and my two worst enemies, Wasserman and Yamamoto into the tiny space we called “The Hole” beneath our house. Then everything went black.

back to top
6
Hole, Sweet Hole
“He’s okay. He’s coming around. Liam? Man, can you hear me?”
I opened my eyes but it was so dark it didn’t make much difference. A single flashlight stood upright on the floor near my head and by its dim light, I saw Lilly’s frightened face on one side of me and Nester’s anxious one on the other.
“You okay?” Nester squinted his glasses up his nose without touching them with his fingers and blinked at me.
I sat up slowly. It wasn’t until I felt her hand on my back that I realized that my head had rested on Amaranth’s lap. She gave me a scared little smile then let go as Lilly tumbled into my arms, burying her head in shoulder.
“Liam…” she sobbed. “Oh, Liam…”
“It’s okay, Lil,” I told her, stroking her head. “I’m alright. It’s all right—”
Someone moaned at the other end of the dark room.
“We got problems,” Nester said. “Wasserman got burned. It looks bad. He needs medical attention, man—”
I grabbed the flashlight and stood up as carefully as I could, not just because my head hurt, but because of Lilly, who twined herself around me like ivy. I felt her body hiccupping and shaking. She was scared—bad scared. I wasn’t sure what she understood about what happened, but she was too scared for me to let her go.
With every blink, I saw that bright flash of light and the billowing cloud that followed it, as though the image had been branded onto my eyelids. When I thought about what it meant, I wanted to throw up. So I didn’t think about it. I shut down the part of my mind that understood the magnitude of death and destruction that had accompanied that beautiful flash of light. I closed down any possibility that my own mother might be among the dead, too and focused on the darkness, and the seven other kids huddling with me in the cool dampness of The Hole.
“There’s another flashlight in the bag. The black bag Amy had,” I said, nearly kicking Nate and Elise as I moved deeper into the little hideout. “Where is it?”
No one moved.
“Flashlight!” I yelled. “Somebody—”
“Linterna…uh…eléctrica,” Amaranth translated and Elise sprang to life, grabbing the Go Bag off the floor and unzipping its compartments, while I found the LED lantern and hung it from the hook in the ceiling. Washed-out blue light filled the small room.
“The Hole” was only a little bigger than the rooms they park you in to wait for your check up or shot or whatever when you go to the doctor. The walls and the floor were concrete, and the ladder that we’d descended as we entered had retracted into the ceiling about two feet above my head. A couple of cots covered with cheerful blankets in bright primary colors lined either wall with just enough space for one person to walk between them. Hidden beneath the cots were MREs—military style meals-ready to eat—bottled water, ammunition and other survival necessities stored in boxes and backpacks. Above the cots were shelves, also full of gear, and the rest of the wall space was covered with pegboard and hooks holding all kinds of tools and a few weapons. At the other end of the room, separated by a black tarp was the bathroom: a large bucket above a hole in the ground covered with a lid. There were a few dozen packs of toilet paper and two 40-pound bags of garden lime piled beside the toilet. There was no shower. Cut into the wall near the latrine a small vent powered a remote generator that would keep the air clean—until the propane ran out.
I grabbed an olive-drab duffel from one of the shelves.
“Lilly,” I said gently. “We’re going to need some water. Get a few bottles out. And see if you can find the extra batteries.”
There was no mistaking the reluctance on her face but she nodded and released her death-grip on my forearm. Her friend Elise moved with her, shadowing her with the same tenacity Lilly had shown toward me.
Wasserman shuddered on one of the cots, his knees curled up to his chest and his face toward the wall, whimpering. He held one of his hands in the other and almost seemed to be rocking himself, moving with the intensity of his pain. Amy sat beside him, her fingers curled around her phone, urgently pressing the buttons with one hand. The other hand ran up and down Rod’s leg in attempted comfort.
“Why won’t they answer?” she yelled at the phone. “We need some help here!”
I thought she’d move when she saw me—especially since I was trying to help—but it was just like the halls of the high school: she acted like I was invisible. Her face had a blank look like she didn’t understand anything that was happening except for the bright and almost useless lights of her iPhone.
“Move!” I shoved her off the cot and unfolded the duffel, pulling out gauze pads and a small pair of scissors.
“Whoa. Where’d you get that?” Nester lifted the stethoscope out of one of the bags many pouches. “I’ve never seen a first aid kit with all this in it.”
“Dad. All of this—” I shrugged indicating the bunker and its contents. “Is Dad.” I touched Wasserman’s arm gently. “Hey, Rod. Let me see.”
At first, he seemed not to have heard me. He shuddered again and moaned something I couldn’t understand.
“I think he’s in shock,” Nester said, snapping his fingers at Amy like a surgeon in a busy OR. “Give me that blanket on the other cot.”
Amy’s lips trembled. “911…they won’t answer…” she offered, her eyes filling with tears as she realized we were the only help Wasserman was going to get. “Why won’t they—”
Nester ignored her. “Nate, man, come on. The blanket. Nate!”
Nate sat with his eyes too round and his mouth partly open. I was about to reach for it myself when Elise scrambled up from the floor beside Lilly and handed it to him. Her dark hair hung in messy, sweaty clumps and unless she needed them, her fingers stayed at her throat, clutching the cross hanging around her neck.
“We’re gonna be okay. Don’t be scared,” Amaranth murmured soothingly in English. She settled into the space beside them and hesitated only a second before dropping a sisterly arm around Elise’s shoulder. “No one here is going to hurt you. I promise.”
Elise must have understood at least some it, because she melted into Amaranth’s shoulder and began to cry, murmuring soft words in Spanish.
“My brother is useless,” Nester hissed furiously, snapping my attention back to Wasserman as he arranged the blanket around Rod’s legs and midsection. “How hard is it to hand over a damn blanket? Little girl don’t even speak English and she could do it!” He frowned up at me. “Can we get some more light?”
I reached over my head and pulled a second LED lantern from the shelf above our heads, hanging it quickly as Nester parked himself on the edge of the cot. “Rod!” Nester said firmly. “We’re going to turn you, okay, man?” Then, without warning, he gripped my wounded nemesis by the shoulders and turned him toward us.
“Holy…” Amaranth whispered as she turned Elise’s face into her shoulder. “Come here, Lilly. Come here,” she said and I knew she was trying to spare Lilly the sight of Wasserman’s face—or what was left of it—but Lilly planted herself by my side, silent and motionless, so close I heard every shallow, anxious breath hissing between her open lips. Her left eye seemed to be focused on the floor while the right fixed on Wasserman in horror.
From ear to nose, the left side of his face was unrecognizable: large patches of bright pink skin with darker bloody-looking spots outlined by blackened edges of peeling skin replaced what had been the pimple-spotted curve of his jawline. Closer to his hairline, he was toasted like the outside layer of a bonfire marshmallow. His left eyebrow was gone and under the shattered lenses of his glasses, all that remained of his left eye was a lumpy reddened mass, seared closed by a layer of skin. The left corners of his lips seemed fused together in another swollen bulge of angry red.
But the other side of his face—the right side—was untouched. The fingers of his left hand were also burned—but less severely, more like a really bad sunburn. The rest of his body—his arms, legs and feet—had been covered by his jeans, his jacket and his shoes. In a few places the fabric had burned away, but the skin beneath it looked healthy enough.
“Why don’t they answer?” Amy shrieked, staring first at her phone and then at us. Her eyes strayed toward Rod then skittered away, like she couldn’t bear the sight of him. “Look at him! He’s hurt bad! This is an emergency! They’re supposed to answer! They’re supposed—”
“Is your phone working?” Nester’s brother’s round face lost its bewildered expression as he focused on Amy. “Lemme hold it, please—”
“No! It’s mine!” Amy’s voice rose in panic. “I need it to text my Mom. And my friends. To let them know where we are and what happened to Rod and—”
“Come on!” Nate stood up and nearly knocked me over—the space between the cots wasn’t enough for a kid Nate’s size to stand—especially not with me and Lilly already there. He lunged for Amy’s phone, hand outstretched. “Mine’s not working—”
Amy slapped his hand away, her voice rising with hysteria. “No! No! No! No—”
“Calm down, Amy!” Amaranth sounded like she’d like to make her calm down. “You’re scaring the little kids—”
“They ought to be scared!” Amy shouted. “Did you see that—that—bomb? Did you see what it did to Rod’s face—?”
“Amy,” Nester’s voice was sharp and commanding. “The paramedics are on the way. Go sit by Amaranth and try to get your mom on the phone. The cell reception is better over there.”
She stared at him for a moment, her eyes flashing with annoyance. I could almost read her mind: she was having trouble processing the fact that a social nobody like Nester would have the nerve to tell her what to do. But just as suddenly, her anger vanished. Tears slipped out of her black eyes and rolled down her cheeks in a fast and steady stream.
“There’s no cell reception anymore, Nester Bartlett,” she said snottily in spite of her tears. “I’m…I’m not an idiot…I just…I just…Oh, never mind.” She threw herself on the floor near Amaranth and buried her face in her hands.
“I…I don’t…I don’t feel so good,” Lilly said. She thrust a bottle of water into my hand and stumbled toward the tarp. She vomited in a stomach-wrenching splatter that it was impossible to block out.
I almost abandoned Wasserman to check on her, but Nester stopped me.
“Hand those scissors over, Harper. The tweezers, too. And gloves if you’ve got any in that bag. Hand wipes? And antibiotic ointment,” Nester rattled off his needs like a field medic while I scrambled to find them. “And we’re gonna need a lot more gauze.”
“Okay.”
“Urt…Urtz…” Wasserman grunted.
“Sure, man. It’s not that bad,” Nester lied as he slowly began to pull the layer of blackened skin off Wasserman’s face. “Maybe Liam’s got some kind of pain killer in that kit somewhere?”
“Only aspirin and ibuprofen—”
Nester tugged. Wasserman shrieked.
“It’s okay, man. It’s okay!” Nester repeated over and over, but Wasserman kept screaming out his agony as Nester pulled the scorched layers of skin off his face.
“Make him stop! Make him stop!” Lilly moaned from behind the tarp. Elise shut her eyes tightly, her lips moving in what I guessed to be prayer. Amy rocked back and forth with her head on her knees, her shoulders contracting with each of Wasserman’s screams. Nate sat on the cot across from us, watching like the whole thing was scene from some TV medical drama, his face wet with tears. He’d pulled a bag of chips from his backpack and from time to time, his hand dropped inside and he crammed a handful of salty snacks into his mouth with a shaking hand.
“Tell me you got something for pain, man!” Nester yelled. “Something, anything—”
“There’s nothing strong enough in here—” I began, until like some kind of apparition, I saw Dad sitting on the cot with a twisted little smile on his face.
Whisky’s got a lot more purposes than you might think, son. It’s antiseptic so you can use it on wounds and stuff. And it makes a good trade if you ever need to barter for supplies. And of course, back in the old days it was the only anesthetic they had. Enough of it will take the edge of just about anything…
I jumped up, nearly stepping on Nate as I reached for the shelves over his head. I swiped aside a metal trunk of pillows and blankets and another Army green duffle that held extra clothes until, at last, my hand closed around the neck of a bottle of scotch whiskey. I swung it down and thrust it at Nester.
“Can he drink this?”
“It’s worth a try.” Nester unscrewed the cap while I did my best to hold Wasserman still enough for him to pour some liquor down his throat.
Wasserman sputtered and coughed, grimacing at the taste. But he stopped screaming.
“A little more, Rod,” Nester encouraged, holding the bottle close to the unsinged part of Wasserman’s lips. “A little more. Then you’ve got to let me finish putting the bandages on so the burn doesn’t get infected, okay?”
Wasserman inhaled like one resigning himself to torture. He swallowed a huge mouthful of the whisky like it was water and lay back, closing his eyes. He nodded once, bracing himself for Nester to continue.
Nester grabbed the gauze again and rolled it over Wasserman’s charred skin as gently as any mother. Wasserman hissed and groaned, but didn’t scream. The fingers of his right hand dug into the cot’s thin mattress like he was going to rip it open with his nails.
“All done,” Nester said quietly, pinning the gauze together with one of the clamps from the kit.
Wasserman’s head was a swab of white cotton. His single good eye, his nose and a portion of cheek and lip were all that showed.
“Isk…ee,” he muttered, gesturing with his good right hand.
I glanced at Nester.
“Give it to him.” Nester turned away from his patient and repacked the medical duffel like he’d been doing it all his life.
“Where’d you learn all that?”
“You know my mother’s a pediatrician, man.” He said it like his mother’s talent could be transposed onto him without the benefit of med school. “She works…worked…works…in Bethesda. Right on the DC line.” He stopped and looked down at his hands, blinking fast so I wouldn’t see his emotion, but I knew what he must be thinking. The bomb that had hit Washington, DC had been powerful enough to burn Wasserman, blow out the windows and shake my house almost thirty miles away. God only knew what destruction it had done to Bethesda, a city miles and miles closer to the point of impact.
“Maybe she’s okay,” I offered lamely. “Hospitals have all kinds of stuff underground. Maybe that’s where she was. Underground—”
“Yeah, man.” He sank to the floor between the bunks like his legs had lost all their power and took off his wire glasses. The dim blue light from the lantern made him look ancient, like his own great-great grandfather. He must have felt me looking at him because he swallowed hard and jerked his head toward the wooden ladder, now folded against the ceiling. “A real live bomb shelter,” he said managing to sound suspicious and impressed at the same time. “Your Dad built this?”
“No,” I said, sitting down across from him. Lilly scooted away from Amaranth and I made room for her in the little space beside me, dropping my arm around her like we were sitting on the couch watching a movie instead of on the floor of the Hole with hell itself unleashed in the world above us. “He hired a company. Remember when we had those contractors here a couple of years ago?”
“Man,” Nester laughed. “You told me your mom was redoing the bathrooms.”
“Yeah, well.” I didn’t bother to point out that Nester and his family already thought we were weirdoes. From the way his eyes swept over the cots, the guns on the pegboard and the stockpiled gear, I didn’t need to.
“My stepdad must have known you guys had this,” he chuckled softly. “He said if there was ever any kind of disaster, I should to get to your house fast as I could and beg your pops to let me in—”
“He said your Dad started preparing for the end of the world as soon as a black man got into the White House,” Nate finished, crunching down on a chip. “He said that was the first sign of the apocalypse for your dad and people like him—”
Lilly popped up like she had springs in her knees. “That’s not true, Nate Bartlett. My Dad never did anything like that—”
“Didn’t have to,” Nate muttered around his mouthful of chips. “My Dad said that all you people, you doomsday people, are scared to death of black people—”
“If we’re scared of black people, why are you here? Why didn’t we just leave you out there?” Lilly lisped, her face sweaty and crimson. She balled her fingers like a boxer. “You take all that back. You take it back right now, Nate. Take back what you said about my dad—”
“It doesn’t matter, Lil. Calm down,” I said, taking her arm but she jerked away from me.
“Well, that’s what my dad said,” Nate insisted, raising his chin slightly. His voice wobbled a little and a single tear coursed down his cheek. “He said—”
“Take it back!” Lilly screamed and launched herself at him like one of the superstars of WWE’s Friday Night SmackDown. By the time I grabbed Lilly by her armpits and dragged her off Nate and Nester quickly filled the space between them, she’d already gotten a few good punches in.
“Take it back!” she shrieked over and over. “Take it back!”
“You’re crazy!” Nate shouted back. “A lunatic! You and your whole family—”
“Don’t call her that!” I held my little sister as she struggled and clawed and kicked like a wet cat. Nate pressed his shoulder against the wall and raised his hands like a shield. “Don’t—”
“Hey!” Amaranth cried when I almost fell over her. She and Elise tried to scoot out of our way, but there wasn’t anywhere to go except into the toilet space and Amy had beaten them to it.
“Lilly, Lilly,” I spun her around to face me and grabbed both her arms. “People say all kinds of things. They always have. They’re just ignorant, right? Right? We know the truth. We know, right?” I glared into her eyes, making her focus on me. “We know how smart you are. We know Dad. We know Mom. People laughed at him but—” A wave of feeling nearly choked me. “He was right. He was right.”
Lilly slumped into my arms like all her bones were gone. I felt her shoulders shaking before I heard the ragged gasps of her sobs. “It’s okay,” I muttered into her hair. “I promise. It’s okay.”
“I just want to go home,” Nate murmured thickly from behind me and I didn’t have to turn around to know he was crying, too. “I just want to find Mom and Dad and go home.” He pulled his iPhone out of his pocket and looked up at Nester, pleading for his support. “Mine isn’t working. Is yours?”
Nester shook his head.
“You—you didn’t even check, Nest!” Nate challenged.
Nester sighed and pulled his device out of his pocket and tossed it onto the cot beside his brother. “It’s not working,” he said.
Nate fiddled with it for a moment before giving up. “Someone’s phone has to work. Maybe, if we go back upstairs. The explosion is over now. We can go back up. We can call Dad and Mom and find out if they’re okay—”
“Forget it Nate,” Nester sank onto the cot beside him wearily. “The phones aren’t going to work. Not anytime soon. The cell towers are gone. And even if there’s one still standing, an explosion like that is going to cause all kinds of interference—”
“I want to call Mom and Dad,” Nate interrupted, glaring at him. He threw his phone on the ground and stood up, glancing at the strap that released the ladder like he was ready to bolt. “What about the landlines—”
“Those are gone, too. Everything above ground—”
“There are underground lines,” Nate insisted angrily. “I’m going upstairs—”
“Bad idea, buddy,” I said gently. “I don’t think any of us should go up for a while.”
“How long?”
“I don’t know. At least—”
“A week. Maybe two.” Amy’s voice floated toward us from the behind the tarp. It was kind of creepy, hearing her disembodied voice in the darkness. “My grandmother survived Hiroshima. She was a little girl—six years old—living about twenty miles from the city. The blast didn’t kill the people there, it was the radiation. Weeks later. They didn’t know they couldn’t go outside after the blast. They didn’t know that even though the bomb had exploded, the killing had just begun. Believe me, unless you want to die, you can’t go outside. Not anytime soon.” She laughed a horrible, dead-sounding laugh that made my skin crawl.
“So what are we going to do, just stay here? All of us? In this little room?” Nate asked.
“That’s pretty much the idea, yes.”
“Until Dad comes,” Lilly added, sniffling. “He’s coming, isn’t he, Liam? He’ll come for us.”
I hesitated. I hadn’t told her that I hadn’t been able to reach him and then there was the truth about why he’d moved out in the first place. But I took one look at my sister’s tear-streaked face and knew I couldn’t go there now. “I’m sure he’ll be here, Lil.”
She stared at me like she knew I’d left something out. In the end, I was the one who looked away, focusing on the others instead. “He’ll come—or some help will come. I just don’t know how long it will take, that’s all. Until then, we should probably just do like Amy said. Stay put. ”
“Is Mommy coming, too?” Lilly asked.
Mom. I heard her sobbing on the phone again, telling me how much she loved us and my eyes filled tears.
“I…I…don’t know.”
Elise lifted her head from Amaranth’s shoulder. “We all…” she began in her fragmented English. “Sleep…here?” She pointed to the two cots.
“The shelves up top are beds,” I explained. “And there are more blankets. But yeah, we’ll have to double up. You and Lilly can sleep together. And maybe Amy and Amaranth. Nester and Nate are brothers, they’ll work it out. Me and…” I glanced at Wasserman. His eyes were closed but his good hand was still tightly wrapped around the liquor bottle. I couldn’t imagine bunking up with him. “I’ll just sleep on the floor here or…something,” I finished.
“What about food?” Nate asked.
“Under there.” I grabbed one of the boxes of MREs and pulled out a packet. “Dad always said there was enough food in the Hole for the four of us for a month. There’s eight of us, so we should be good for a couple of weeks or so.” I held the package under the dim light. “This one is a chicken burrito, apple crumb cake and orange drink.”
Nate stared at me, his chubby cheeks quivering dubiously. “That flat thing is a chicken burrito?”
“Yeah, kinda. You got to heat it up. I’ll show you how later.”
“Is it good?”
“No,” I admitted. “But we won’t starve—”
“We’ll just go insane,” Amy said from the corner. “No sunlight, no fresh air, no showers, no Facebook, no hope. We’ll go insane.” Her voice sounded flat and empty, like her soul had been incinerated by the same blast of heat that torched Rod Wasserman’s face.

back to top
7
Who’s Counting?
“I still want to go.”
We sat at the dinette in the kitchen: Mom and Dad, Lilly and me. There was spaghetti on my plate, made the way Dad always did it—venison mixed in with the ground beef for the meatballs, tomato sauce from the tomatoes he’d grown, cheddar cheese melted in squares over the top of the whole mess. The bread smelled of butter, garlic and oregano but instead of eating, I sat up as straight as I had ever sat and met my Dad’s eyes—not like the fourteen year old kid I was, but like the man he’d told me over and over again it was time to become. “I still want to go. Sir,” I repeated.
“Me, too, Daddy,” Lilly said. She was only a slightly younger version of herself—but the differences were big. Her smile was a zigzag of new and missing teeth, her hair lighter and finer—more like baby hair.
“No.” The word fell out of Dad’s face with such cold finality that we all started. Mom’s fork hovered near her open mouth. Lilly blinked at him like she was afraid she’d said something wrong. I watched him, feeling something shifting in the man. Something that didn’t show on the outside.
His face was clean-shaven and his dark brown hair combed with military precision, but the haggard circles under his eyes were an even uglier reminder of what combat had done to him than anything else. Sometimes, if I squinted hard, I could almost remember the laughing brown eyes he’d had before…but I’d long ago given up hope that they’d ever come back. He didn’t sleep much, not anymore. He thumped around the house most nights like he was on patrol against something.
“But Dad,” Lilly persisted, her voice on the razor’s edge of a whine. “I get tired of studying with Liam all the time—”
“No!”
“Why?” My chair scraped the laminate tile. “I’m sick of being locked in here with just you—”
“Locked? What’s that supposed to mean? I don’t think I’ve done too badly by you, Liam. You’re on grade level or above in every subject and you’ve learned a lot of practical things, too—”
“And I don’t have any friends!” I shouted.
“Don’t raise your voice to me!” Dad roared, slamming his hand against the table so hard that my glass shimmied dangerously. “And as for friends, what makes you think you’re going to make any?
“That’s enough,” Mom said.  People think my mom is some kind of marshmallow because she’s short, a little round at the middle and has a kind of moon pie softness around her cheeks and jawline. But all of that is just her cover.
“Sandy, I’m not gonna tolerate any disrespect from this boy—”
“Disrespect!” I shot back. A little volcano in the pit of my stomach gurgled and spurted. “How do you expect me to respect you when—”
“I said that’s enough!” My mother stood up and the silverware clattered like empty armor. “Sit down! Both of you! Now!”
My knees buckled at Mom’s command but I had to clench my fists to keep from picking up the tomatoes and noodles on my plate and throwing them at someone. The noise and violence of it all was more than Lilly could take; she skittered over to Mom and buried her face her shoulder.
“Sandy,” Dad growled like a rabid dog on a short lead. “I’m trying to teach this boy—”
“Maybe it’s time to let someone else do it, David. Let someone else teach him.”
“Let someone else do it!” The surprise in Dad’s voice distracted me from my own eruption. His broad hands rested on either side of his plate and his thick shoulders were tensed, but his mouth was slack in his square jaw. “You can’t be serious? We’ve discussed this. Public school is—”
“No, David. We’ve never discussed it. When you got back, you decided to take on the children’s education, and I decided not to object. At the time, I thought it might be better for…”Her eyes moved toward Lilly, but she didn’t say her name. “Better for them, but now…in light of everything. I feel differently.”
My parents stared at each other, having a conversation without words. When my mother spoke again, she had dialed her voice down to her usual softness, but her face was determined. She stroked Lilly’s hair, soothing her. “David. You’ve done a good job. A very good job. But Liam needs to go to school. And so does Lilly.”
“Do you know how those kids will treat her?” Dad hissed. “Do you know how hard it will be for her out there?” he jerked his head toward the window. “She’s better off here. She’s better off where she’s loved and valued and we don’t look at her like she’s—she’s—”
“David!”
Lilly wailed something I couldn’t understand.
“Everything’s okay, sweetheart,” Mom told her, managing to smile. “Liam, why don’t you take Lilly and go down to the playground for half an hour or so? Dad and I need to talk about this. When you get back we’ve got brownies for dessert.”
“But it’s December!” I almost said, but that would have united them both against me. I kept the words in my brain.
“Yes, ma’am.” It seemed a shame to let the barely touched spaghetti on my plate go to waste…but I didn’t have much of appetite now anyway, so I quickly scraped the food into the compost can, rinsed the plates and put them in the dishwasher. When I finished, Lilly was standing at the door with her coat on.
At first we sat on the swings in silence, two shadowy refugees from kitchen table nightmares watching our breath freeze in the night air. I looked over at my little sister, remembering the promise I made to our mother when she was born.
“Lilly’s…different, Liam. She was just born that way. It will take her longer to learn things, and sometimes people might be mean to her because of it. Dad’s job means he can’t always be there for her,” she continued, placing the tiny bundle of arms and legs into my five-year old arms. “But promise me, she’ll always have her big brother.”
The little pink blob squinted like she wasn’t entirely sure what to make of me. I was sure she was going start crying and anxiety made her suddenly heavy in my arms. But no. Lilly’s mouth stretched into a face-eating yawn, her eyes winked closed and she fell asleep.
My mom laughed. “See, Liam! She knows she’s safe with you.”
I glanced over at her now. She wore her pink Hello Kitty puffy jacket, dark blue jeans and the new suede pink boots that Dad hated.
“Lilly, if we do get to go to school, I don’t think we should talk about the prepping stuff,” I said quietly.
“But the only safety is to be prepared.” I heard her voice the way others might: the vowels sticking together, coating the consonants so they lost their edge. “That’s what Dad says. If I make a friend, I’d have to tell them. So they’ll be safe. That’s what it means to be a friend, Liam. You keep them safe.”
“I know but…” I sighed. “Not everyone is like us. Most people don’t believe that anything bad is ever going to happen. They think people like Dad are—”
“Crazy.” The moonlight lit her face, smoothing the puffiness under her eyes but not how the left one crossed toward the right one. “Do you think Dad is crazy?”
For a split second I considered lying to her, but what kind of big brother would do that? Besides, Lilly wasn’t stupid. She’d smell the lie on my breath.
“I don’t know,” I said. “Sometimes, I think so. Sometimes it seems like he wants the world to end. And he’ll be disappointed if it doesn’t. That has to be crazy, doesn’t? I mean, who would want that?”
Lilly stared at her bright pink boots, letting her toes drag the ground as she eased the swing back and forth. Each time her heels touched the earth, the soles of the boots lit up like little stars, brightening the dusty ground.
“Then maybe we tell on a need-to-know basis, like Mom says, right?”
She sounded so mature, so ridiculously grown up that I laughed.
“Wanna swing, Lil?” I asked. “I’ll push you.”
“It’s too cold,” Lilly whined. “Besides, I’m a big girl. I don’t need you to push meee—”
The cold chains bit my hands, but I grabbed them anyway and sent Lilly flying into the night sky.
“Liam!” she squealed, laughing. “Stop! Stop!”
“Never!” I roared, using both hands to send her higher and higher and pretty soon we were both laughing and yelling and making so much noise, I almost didn’t see the flare of light erupting behind me, slicing the inky sky in a massive plume brighter than the sun. Then, the light descended and the ground burst upward into a monstrous cloud of dust, shaped like a mushroom just like in the movies. It smelled like—like—
Lasagna?



Day 2

I woke with a start and peered around me.
The flashlights were off, except for the one behind the tarp, lighting the latrine. The hole was always dark, but we’d decided to try to maintain some kind of circadian rhythm by shutting down the flashlights for a few hours every “day” as a community sleep time. Besides, it would help save the batteries.
I sniffed. Definitely lasagna, mixed with the burning smell of the little square heaters that accompanied the entrees. I’d shown everyone how to prepare them—a tablespoon or so of water would make the hydrogen heating pad inside the pouches sizzle. Ultimately, the meal would get so hot you’d have to be careful not to burn yourself.
I thought I saw movement on the lower cot where Nate had been.
“Nate!’ I hissed, switching on a flashlight. “What are you doing?’
The small beam of light revealed him as he dipped his plastic fork into the shiny foil package of the lasagna MRE. “I’m still hungry,” he said guiltily as he shoved the fork into his mouth.
“I told you, there aren’t as many as I thought.” The truth was there were far fewer than I thought; I’d never paid much attention to how many servings there were in the boxes—I just put them where my Dad told me to and that was that. Now that it mattered, you didn’t have to be a math major see we were headed for trouble. “We’re going to have to ration them or we’ll run out—”
“There are still seven boxes, man. Full boxes,” Nate insisted. There had been nine, but in just two days, we’d reduced the supplies substantially.
“But there’s only twelve meals in each box, Nate—and there are eight of us. If we eat twice a day, we’ve only got about a weeks’ worth of food.” I looked to Nester for support, but his head was down on his knees and all I could see was the fluffy black of his Afro. I doubted he was asleep—it was hard to sleep when other people were awake, and the smell of food now completely overtook the small space—but he didn’t lift his head. “We agreed on this yesterday. One meal a day, just in case—”
“Okay, okay,” Nate grumbled. He folded over the small pouch—not much bigger than a juice box container really—and turned away from me.
“And you ate most of Lilly’s just a few hours ago,” I couldn’t stop myself from admonishing.
“Yeah, I’m just the hungry fat kid,” Nate spat, self-pity thick in his voice. “But it would help if there was something—anything else to do in here. How come your dad didn’t think of that?”
Lilly’s head rolled off my shoulder with a sudden jerk and Nate recoiled like he was expecting another attack. It was a false alarm: Lilly was still asleep. I rearranged the blanket over her shoulders and she settled again without opening her eyes.
“Ugh, that food smells gross,” Amy muttered. She’d ended up alone on the bunk atop Rod’s, a place of relative comfort and spaciousness, just because no one particularly wanted to get to close to her incessant whining. “I’ll be glad when we get out of here. Someone desperately needs deodorant and I’m totally jonesing for a mochaccino and my mom’s probably—” Her voice caught and she stopped talking just as suddenly as she started. Rod shifted on the cot below her. He hadn’t said much—I assumed it was difficult with the bandages Nester had swathed him in—and had moved even less. But now, he slowly hoisted himself off his cot. With an effort that had to be painful, he braced himself on his good hand and threw himself upward, joining Amy on the upper berth, hissing between his singed lips as he settled himself into the space beside her. He said something to her, a rumble of sound I couldn’t understand, and she turned into him, sobbing quietly.
I stared at them, two shapes in the darkness, embracing. Lilly’s head on my shoulder just wasn’t the same.
“I don’t want no coffee drink,” Nate muttered and his stomach made a loud noise of agreement. “Some fried chicken would be nice, though. And a side of French fries—”
“Shut up, Nate. Think about something else.” Nester didn’t even lift his head.
“What?”
“Anything. Just stop talking about food.”
“How is she? Lilly?” Amaranth asked in a low voice. She was on the top bunk with Elise. I could just make out the faint outline of her silhouette.
“Okay, considering.”
“Does she understand…what happened?”
“I don’t know.” I would have said more—about how I was never really sure what Lilly understood. How sometimes when I was sure something was beyond her, she’d say something so wise and profound I felt like an idiot for doubting her. And other times…
I didn’t say it. It was quiet, but I felt like the whole room was listening. Silence fell again. Minutes ticked slowly by with nothing but the sounds of breathing. I stared sightlessly into the darkness until there was no difference between my eyes being open and them being closed and then finally, started to doze again.
Before another dream swept me away, I heard someone moving. At first I thought it was Amy headed for the bathroom—again—until Amaranth settled into the space beside me. Her arm brushed against mine as she leaned close to my ear.
“Are you awake?”
I nodded.
“There’s something I have to ask you, Liam,” she said in a voice no louder than a whisper.
“Okay.”
“Why did you come for me? In Mrs. Standish’s classroom. You wanted to warn her, I know. But you grabbed me first. I want to know why.”
“Because—” I began, but she shushed me.
“I said I wanted to know. I don’t want everyone to know.”
“For the same reason that Lilly brought Elise,” I offered, murmuring the words into her ear. “When you only have one friend, you’ve got to look out for her.”
“I didn’t ask you to.” She sounded irritated, like I’d deliberately done something to piss her off.
“I know, but—”
“I don’t know how to repay this, Liam,” she hissed into my ear. “I don’t know what I could ever do for you that would make us even.”
“You don’t have to do anything. I’m not expecting you to make it even or anything like that—”
“That’s what you say right now,” Amaranth’s voice had a bitter edge to it. “But later, you might feel differently. Like when we run out of food and you wish there weren’t so many mouths to feed.”
“I won’t feel differently.”
“Maybe. Maybe not. We’ll see—”
Elise turned restlessly on the bunk and Amaranth paused, listening like a mother for the cry of a sick child. Elise went still and Amaranth relaxed.
“She likes you.” I said, as much to change the subject as anything. “I didn’t know you spoke Spanish.”
“Just a little,” Amaranth shrugged off her ability like it was meaningless. “She’s very scared. Very alone. She misses her mother.”
“She called her just before…”
Amaranth’s head swung toward me. “You let her call her mother? In El Salvador?”
“Her mother’s in El Salvador?”
I heard Amaranth’s hair moving on her shoulders more than saw her nod. “She was deported. Just a few weeks ago. Elise wanted to go, but her mother wouldn’t let her. She was born here. She doesn’t speak a whole lot of English, but she’s a citizen and her mother insisted that she stay here. For a better life, I guess. Anyway, she’s been staying with some other relatives, but…she misses her Mom. It was nice of you to let her call. Your cell phone bill is going to be—” She stopped. “I guess that’s stupid. There aren’t going to be anymore cell phone bills, are there?”
“Not for a while anyway—”
“Shh!” someone hissed from across the dark Hole. It might have been Nate or Nester—I couldn’t tell.
Lilly sat up suddenly as though she’d been called. “Liam,” she asked her voice thick with sleep. “I hear talking. Is Dad on the radio?”
She was talking about the long range walkie talkies I’d pulled out of their Faraday cages when things calmed down enough for me to remember them. There were three of them, each kept in identical metal document boxes that Dad probably picked up at someone’s garage sale. He had lined the sides, the bottoms and the lids with Styrofoam to protect the two-way radios from an electromagnetic pulse—like from a bomb or a solar flare or some other disaster—that might scramble electronics. About a dozen packages of unopened batteries wrapped in plastic were stored with them.
“Three boxes of the same thing? Why so many?” Nester had asked.
“Two is one and one is none,” I muttered.
“What?”
“Two is one and one is none. It’s something Dad says all the time. You need backup plan. And your backup plan needs a backup plan.”
Now, the radio rested on the floor near the edge of Nate’s cot, its red power light a pinprick beacon. I’d set it to scan for a voice—any voice, any conversation—on any channel. So far, all we’d heard was static—and when we tried hailing Dad we’d gotten no response.
“Anything?”
“Not yet,” I murmured. “Go back to—”
“But he’s coming, right? And Mom, too, as soon as she gets off work, right?”
In the space before I could answer, I saw that blinding flash of light in the southern sky and felt the sudden rush of hot air cascading over us. “The senior people are heading to the bunkers,” my mother said, a ghost in my memory. I wanted to believe she had made it, that she, like us, was huddled deep underground somewhere, hoping to see us again. I imagined our father, in head to toe protective gear, trudging through the fallout to get us and wondered if he were equal to the job. I tried to imagine what the world above us might look like by now, but the only images in my mind were from movies and TV: the post-apocalyptic animation of “Nine” or the barren remains of cities of “Defiance.” There had to be other survivors. There had to be some help—someone in charge who could tell a bunch of scared kids what to and where to go. And maybe, maybe, our family—dysfunctional as it had been since Dad came home—would be together again.
I squeezed my sister’s shoulders. “Yeah, Lilly,” I said. “In a couple more days. You’ll see—”
Nate’s stomach gurgled and my own answered filling the silence in rough duet. There was a time—not so very long ago—when it might have been funny. I could almost hear us laughing about it while waiting for a hotdog to come off the grill at the summer block parties our street held every other year or so. I could almost smell the sizzling hamburgers and taste the soft white sweetness of the buns—
“See,” Nate whined mounting his defense. “I’m not the only one.”
“No, Nate. You’re not the only one. We’re all hungry,” I said. “But Nester’s right. It’s better not to think about it.”
“Tell us a story, Liam,” Lilly said sleepily. “One of the ones with monsters and heroes and…” She yawned. “A pretty girl who wears a sword—”
“Yeah, man,” Nate said. “That sounds good. Tell that one.”
“I don’t know if I remember it.” The truth was I made up the stories as I went along, stealing elements from the classics Dad had made me read as a part of my English lessons. I’d mix Ivanhoe with Great Expectations or stir The Iliad into Grimm’s fairy tales. I even ripped off bits from Disney movies when Lilly begged for a princess.
Amaranth leaned toward me in the darkness. “I wouldn’t mind hearing a story. I can try to translate it for Elise.”
“Well…”
“No one’s sleeping, Harper,” Wasserman’s voice was muffled by his bandages, but he must have been feeling better because there was no mistaking the snark beneath the words. “Here we are now. Entertain us.”

back to top
8
And Counting…
Day 7

“Breaker, breaker. This is Field of Flowers for Titanium Two. Titanium Two, do you copy?”
“Hey, Liam? Is it time to eat yet?”
“Padre nuestro, que estas en el cielo. Santificado sea tu nombre. Venga tu reino.”
The food was dwindling and I’d run out of stories. For days I’d distracted them with every tale I’d ever read and a few I’d dreamed up in my head. I’d run through Treasure Island and Moby Dick, The Count of Monte Cristo and The Telltale Heart. I avoided Sherlock Holmes and Robin Hood—there were TV shows based on them and they were too familiar—but most of the rest were fair game. While I told the tale of Odysseus and the years of hardships he’d endured trying to return from the Trojan War, even Nester seemed to be listening avidly.
I’d talked until I was nearly hoarse, and now it was over. I couldn’t think of another tale to tell…and our morale was suffering for it.
“Breaker, breaker. This is Field of Flowers trying to reach Titanium Two. Do you copy?”
“I’m hungry.”
“Venga tu reino. Hágase tu voluntad En la tierra como en el cielo Danos hoy el pan de este día—”
“Oh God! Can’t you make them shut up?” Amy said impatiently. “As if things weren’t bad enough—”
It would have been like some kind of crazy symphony if it hadn’t been so annoying. Lilly posted herself on the floor with the walkie talkie in her hand like it was her day job, repeating the greeting on all 32 channels before starting over at the first and beginning again, undaunted by the silence and static that met her attempts. I would have admired her tenacity had I not heard the words like they must sound to anyone listening: thick-tongued, slurred and hard to understand. I wanted to snatch the radio out of her hands—and beat Amy Yamamoto over the head with it.
“Leave them alone, Amy,” Amaranth muttered. “They’re scared. They’re just trying to get through this—”
“I’m scared, too,” Amy snapped, her lips trembling. “And hearing them repeating the same thing over and over isn’t helping me manage my anxieties. And worse, you all stink. This place smells worse than the boys’ locker room after a football game.” She lifted her arm and sniffed her own arm pit. “I’d kill for a shower. Seriously—”
She grabbed a little bottle of perfume from the makeup kit at the bottom of her backpack and spritzed the air with the heavy noxiousness of chemical flowers.
“Stop doing that!” Nester snapped. “That stuff’s worse than the b.o.!”
“I don’t care,” Amy answered breezily. “I like it—”
Lilly sneezed, sniffled and continued like nothing had happened. “Breaker, breaker. This is Field of Flowers trying to reach Titanium Two. Do you copy?”
“Danos hoy el pan de este día y perdona nuestras deudas…”
“Oh for Christ’s sake,” Amy said, glaring at Elise. “Amaranth, tell the little Spanish girl to come over here. I’ll braid her hair and maybe she’ll give it a rest for a minute.”
Amaranth rolled her eyes. She waited until Elise finished, and then covered her folded hands with her own.
“Ella quiere trenzar tu cabello, ¿de acuerdo?” she said softly, nodding at Amy.
Elise considered Amy with solemn eyes. “No, thank you,” she said firmly in heavily-accented English, then turned back to Amaranth. “Ella no me quiere.”
“Ella no me quiere, tampoco,” Amaranth said and Elise smiled.
“What? What did you say about me?”
“She says she can tell you don’t like her. I told her it was okay. You don’t like me either.”
“I don’t have to like you to braid your stupid hair,” Amy muttered. “I’ll prove it to you.” She snapped her fingers like she was summoning a wayward pet. “Come here, Amaranth. I’ll do yours.”
Amaranth’s cheeks bloomed red. She folded her lips tightly. Everyone in the room except for Amy seemed to know how close we were to a catfight.
“Amaranth, come here—” Amy insisted.
“I could do without the praying,” Wasserman interrupted, probably because he knew that if Amaranth and Amy got into it, Amy would get her butt kicked. Nester had unraveled the gauze on his face days ago, exposing raw pink skin covered with waxy, white scabs but Wasserman’s eye was still sealed closed. If he’d had a glove with talons on it and a bowler hat, he could have stepped right out of Nightmare on Elm Street.
“I’m Jewish. It’s offensive.”
“How is it offensive?” I asked. “She’s not making you do it.”
“Still. Where did you get her anyway? Doesn’t she speak any English?”
“She’s Lilly’s friend,” I answered simply ending that discussion. “Just tune it out, if you don’t want to hear it—”
“I’ve been replaying a movie in my head—” Nester muttered.
“Which one?” Nate interrupted. “Is it one of the Fast and Furious movies? I love those. Remember how we’d sit in the last row and get a big popcorn with extra butter—‘
“Can’t you get him to stop talking about food?” Amaranth whirled on Nester.
“You want him to stop talking, you make him,” Nester muttered.
“But he’s your brother. Maybe he’d stop if you—”
“He’s my half-brother. Update, dude. We got the same mom…after that,” he shrugged like there was no connection between them.
“I wasn’t talking about food. I was talking about the movie!” Nate protested. He paused for just a moment, considering. “But now that you mention it…is it time to eat again?”
“No,” I answered, sliding the boxes of MREs out from under Wasserman’s cot. He watched me warily out of his good eye like I was stealing something that belonged to him, but he didn’t say anything. His mouthpiece, however, stopped braiding her hair long enough to glare at me.
“I thought you said it wasn’t time?”
“It’s not.”
“Then what are you doing?” she demanded.
“Consolidating,” I replied, dumping the remaining meals into two boxes and breaking down the cardboard.
“You sure you’re not trying to sneak an extra meal to your sister—or yourself?”
I ignored her, focusing on counting the remaining meals.
“How many?” Nester asked.
“Twenty seven,” I answered.
“Three days,” he calculated, shaking his head.
“That’s all?” Amy shook her head. “I don’t see how there be so little left. I’ve barely been able to eat them. This place is like—like—a diet camp.”
“Good. If you’re not going to eat, the rest of us can last one more day,” Amaranth snapped, but before Amy could respond she turned to me. “What time is it?”
I was the only one with a watch—the others had relied on devices that no longer functioned for the time. My own watch was nothing special, but it told the time and even announced the advancing date. “Eight-ish. PM. Still day seven,” I added before she could ask.
“Can’t we go out yet?”
“I don’t know.”
“You think the stuff in the freezer is still good?” Nate mused. “’Cause at our house, there were these frozen pizzas that my mom got that—”
“How are you going to cook them, you moron? There’s no power. Our stove’s electric—”
“We can use the microwave,” Nate said before he thought about it.
“Right, sure,” Nester said sarcastically. “Of course.”
“Well, maybe we could throw it on the grill? Or…roast it over an open fire or—”
“Please shut up,” Amy said dramatically. “Please. Just. Shut. Up.”
I dragged my bare arm across my sweaty face. At first the Hole had felt chilly the way underground spaces often do. But overwhelmed with bodies and gear as it was, it seemed like it was getting warmer every day. I’d long ago stripped off my jacket, and then the hoodie beneath it and even my T-shirt clung to my chest and back. I always felt thirsty, but we were trying to conserve our water. Besides drinking more meant more trips to the latrine, and it was getting gross back there, even to me. The air filter chugged unevenly, but I couldn’t help but wonder how much longer we had before the Hole became a suffocation trap.
Amy was right: the place stank. Our own funk after a week without any significant personal hygiene mingled with the fetid smell of the toilet fouled the air. And since there was no place for waste, the remnants of MREs, the discards of Wasserman’s bloody bandages and all kinds of assorted trash spilled out of an empty box near the latrine. The odor of rotting food and human waste fought it out in the rank air, with crap getting a slight edge over decay.
Bad as it smelled, that was the least of our worries. Despair and boredom dogged us constantly. It seemed that someone was always crying and someone else was raging. We were beginning to get on each other’s last nerves—to the point that radioactive fallout was beginning to sound pretty good.
“A week,” Nester said. He was on the cot beneath us, almost invisible except for his socked feet, sticking out over the edge of the mattress. “A week in The Hole. Sounds like some kind of prison.”
“Prison’s nicer,” Wasserman murmured. The words were deformed, made strange by the way his burned lips were healing.
“Yeah?”
“Sure,” Wasserman continued. “The cells are about the same size, but at least you’re alone.”
“And you know this how? Personal experience?” Nester asked.
“Nah,” Wasserman quipped. “Harper told me about it. Right, Harper? Isn’t that what happened after Back to School Night? You and your pops went to the Big House? Hope you didn’t drop the soap!”
They were staring at me. My cheeks went hot with embarrassment and anger as I summoned the last of my patience to ignore him. Lilly lay down the radio.
“Why do you do that?” she demanded. “Why are you picking on Liam all the time?”
“It’s okay, Lil.”
“It’s not okay. He is a bully. Bullying is not okay.” Lilly stood up and leaned toward Wasserman’s cot with her hands on hips and her face indignant. “Why are you here at all? You and her.” She jerked her head toward Amy. “You shouldn’t be here. You came to hurt us. Steal from us. The only reason you’re here is because of my brother. He saved you so you should say nice things about him instead of—”
“What would like me to say?” Wasserman twisted toward Lilly, his face stretched into a leer straight out of a horror movie. “’Thank you?’ Look at me, little girl! Look at my face—”
“Leave her alone, Wasserman—” I warned, but Lilly didn’t need my help.
“Your face is ugly like your insides.” She shot back. “The bomb would have gotten more of you if we hadn’t let you in here—”
“I wish it had,” Wasserman exploded. “My parents are probably dead. For all we know, everyone we know is dead. And this…” He lifted his hands to indicate the stinky Hole. “This isn’t living. Stuck in here like caged animals with a bunch of sideshow attractions. There’s the fat kid whose eating more than his share of the crappy food, and you and your dick wad brother who actually think someone’s going to rescue us—”
“My Dad—” Lilly began.
“My Dad, my Dad!” Wasserman mimicked, matching her speech impairment inflection by inflection. “Your dad is dead like everybody else or he’d be here by now—”
“I said that’s enough,” I interrupted. “Leave her alone or I’ll—”
“What?” Wasserman challenged, pulling himself slowly off his cot and leaning into my face. “What are you going to do? Hit me? I know you want to. I see it your eyes. So just go ahead, Harper. Hit me. It doesn’t even matter anymore. I can’t believe this. I’m stuck in this Hole, starving to death, arguing with a retard—”
A chorus of voices drowned him out Elise’s rising above them all.
“Lilly is good!” she shouted, making it pretty clear that she understood more English than she’d been letting on. “You are bad to say—”
“Out of order, man,” Nester muttered. “If Liam wants to kick your ass, all I’m gonna do is get out of the way. I wouldn’t let you say something like that about my brother—”
“No, you’d probably say it first,” Amaranth muttered.
“What?” Nester’s head spun towards her.
“All you do is insult him,” Amaranth challenged. “You haven’t had one nice thing to say about him since we’ve been down here—”
“And what do you know about it, huh? You don’t have any brothers or sisters annoying you. You don’t have parents who get divorced and marry someone else and then expect you to treat their little brat like he’s part of the family. What do you know about anything? Not a damn soul gives a crap about you!”
“If I had a brother or sister I wouldn’t talk to them like that—”
“Yes you would,” Amy interrupted. “It’s a sibling thing. You wouldn’t understand—”
“You’re right, I don’t.” Amaranth insisted. “I mean, I don’t call you shallow, vain and obnoxious because I’m trying to get along here. And because I know you can’t help it. It’s your handicap. Some people are intellectually challenged, some people have physical disabilities. You’re just incapable of thinking any deeper than your hair, your clothes and whether or not Wasserman’s a more socially desirable boyfriend than the captain of the football team. Not that any of that matters now.”
Amy glared at her. “How dare you say something like that, Amaranth Jones. You don’t know anything about me—”
“You don’t know anything about me either, Yamamoto. But that never stopped you from saying all kinds of things. And Lilly is right. Neither one of you belongs here. Liam should have slammed the door to this place in your faces and left you outside to rot.” She glared at Nester and Nate. “You, too—”
They all attacked her simultaneously and I couldn’t distinguish one voice from the next.
“Stop it! Stop it! Shut up!” I yelled over the clamor of their voices. “Shut—”
WHAM!
Something heavy crashed to the floor in the garage over our heads. The steel door reverberated and squealed. A couple of the girls—I’m not sure which ones—screamed.
“Quiet!” I hissed, shutting off my flashlight and hurrying to extinguish the one in the latrine. Lilly darted forward, jumping for the chain to lower the ladder.
“It’s Daddy!” she exclaimed, her face lighting up like Santa Claus was walking over our heads with a sack of toys and the promise that everything would be normal again. “Liam, it’s—”
“Lil,” I pulled her away from the chain and held her hands. “I don’t think that’s Dad—”
“But who else knows we’re down here—”
“Dad would have answered you on the radio—”
“Maybe his stopped working. Maybe—”
“He’d knock on the door. Give the ‘all clear’, remember?”
I watched as the hope died on her face and I knew she was thinking of the elaborate rhythm he’d made us learn—Morse Code, he said. Long and short knocks in a sequence that spelled “Dad.”
“It’s not him,” I whispered as over our heads, low voices growled indistinctly in a conversation I couldn’t understand a word of, followed by more clanging and banging. Occasionally the tread of a foot made our ceiling shimmy. The footsteps were followed by more metal on metal sounds. There was another loud crash and then like a sudden summer storm, water began to pour from where the steel of our roof made contact with the concrete of the basement floor above us.
“The hot water heater,” Nester whispered. “Whoever’s up there is after the water in the heater.”
I nodded, afraid that even a whisper might alert them to our presence.
“But that means that there are people alive up there!” Amy exclaimed. “Maybe they can help us! Let down the ladder—”
“No!” A chorus of hisses joined mine. Wasserman clamped his good hand around her and held her in place.
“What kind of ‘help’ busts into your water heater,” Nester muttered. “They’re scavenging. If you want to keep the little bit of food we have left, you’ll be quiet.”
If they were scavengers, they weren’t very good at it. The water poured down us like a waterfall, gallon after gallon of it. Lilly scurried out of the way with the radio, backing into the narrow space between the cots. Water splashed onto the box of MREs and Amaranth grabbed it, pulling it out of the way—but just a second too late. With the contact of the water, the heating elements inside the cardboard packages started to simmer, filling the small space with the smell of burning chemicals.
“….door!” I heard the word clearly and the ones before it didn’t matter. A second later, the steel door rattled hard as heavy, booted feet kicked at it.
“The crow bar!” I hissed looking around for it, but I knew the answer even before Nester shook his head.
“We left it up there, man.”
Wham!
The steel rattled and shook as someone jimmied the crowbar into the crack between it and the concrete. Only the heavy steel bolt I’d slid into place a week ago separated us from whoever was upstairs. As we watched in horror, the latch bounced and shuddered, but held.
With a wave of my hand, I sent the others as far from the opening as the tiny room would allow and gestured for them to be quiet. I reached for the shotgun hanging on the pegboard behind me. I loaded two shells as quickly as my shaking hands would let me, then levered the stock of the weapon against my shoulder, lining the front sight up with the bolt over our heads. If the bolt failed and the intruders were able to open the door, I’d have no choice. I’d have to shoot them.
The bolt skipped and rattled. Above our heads, the intruders’ assault grew angrier and more aggressive but accomplished nothing. Finally, we heard the crowbar clang to the ground and a shout of frustration. The voices continued for what seemed like forever, and then the footsteps moved toward the stairs and the upper parts of the house.
No one moved. I stood still, shotgun still pointing at the hatch, every muscle tense. My hands were wet with sweat and it felt like I hadn’t taken a breath in a year, but I was too scared to lower my arms.
But nothing happened. Except for the slowing waterfall from the broken water heater, there were no more sounds.
“I think they’re gone…for now.” Amaranth stood beside me in the darkness, staring up at the ceiling like she could somehow see beyond it. “But they know something’s down here. Something worth locking up. They’ll be back with more people and better tools.” Her eyes met mine. “That means we can’t stay here for much longer, Liam. It’s not safe. Not anymore.” She sighed. “It’s too bad your Dad took that bus.”
“Well,” I said slowly, my face warming under the group’s scrutiny. “I sort of lied about that. Dad didn’t take the bus. Unless someone’s stolen it, it’s at a garage about half a mile from here.”

back to top
9
Partings
“But we can’t leave! We can’t! He’s coming!” Lilly’s voice got louder and higher with every repetition. “He’s coming—”
“Sure he is,” I said. “Now let’s go—”
Her eyes narrowed as she glared at me. “You don’t think he’s coming, I can tell by your eyes.” She poked my chest with her fingertips. “Dad would never leave us here. He wouldn’t—never, ever. Ever. You know that, Liam. You know—”
“Then why didn’t he answer when I called him?” I shot back. All the fighting of life in the Hole had crawled under my skin and feasted on my self-control. I turned on my little sister, unable to stop the words that came rushing of my mouth like punches at a heavy bag. “I called him at least six times after Mom called—six times, Lilly—and he never even answered! You know he always has his phone. Even when he’s out on the farm. He always has his phone. I even texted him a bunch of times. The emergency texts. 911 and SHTF. He didn’t even answer! And you know why, Lilly? Because he’s pissed with us. He’s pissed with Mom for kicking him out and he’s pissed with me because—” I stopped. It was story I didn’t want to tell ever—but especially not with Lilly eyeing me like I’d drowned her puppy and everyone else watching us. “Never mind that,” I muttered. “The point is I promised Mom I’d get you to the Mountain and that’s what I’m going to do. There are people moving around up there, so maybe it’s safe enough to try at least. Besides, Amaranth is right: we can’t stay here. It’s not safe.”
For what felt like an eternity, Lilly just stared at me. “Cell phones don’t always work in the mountains, Liam. He’s coming for us.” She shook the radio at me, her cheeks turning crimson and I knew she was preparing for a full-tilt four-year-old tantrum with her ten-year-old body. “We’re waiting until Mommy gets off work and Daddy comes to get us. I’m not leaving until he comes! I’m not! I’m not! I’m not—”
“Hello?” A voice sprang out of the radio’s speaker, clear and static free. “Is there anybody out there?”
Lilly froze. Her eyes slowly dropped to the device in her hand.
“Is there anyone out there? Anyone?” It was a woman’s voice, pleading and desperate. “Please, if there’s someone alive out there, answer.”
For a moment no one said anything. Stunned to silence by the voice of another human being—proof of life beyond the walls of the Hole—no one knew what to do. Then we all started talking at once, reaching for the device with excitement, elation and anticipation.
“Give it—”
“Hello?”
“That sounds like my mom—”
“Where are you—?”
“Hello? I hear you, but I can’t understand you,” the woman said. There was something about her voice that did sound familiar—like someone’s mom—but I couldn’t have named whose. Whoever she was, there was no mistaking the relief in her voice. She sounded as grateful and excited as we did. “Repeat, please. Over.”
Everyone started talking again.
“Wait!” I yelled over the cacophony and they all silenced. “Wait. We can’t all talk. You’re holding it, Lilly.” I said, laying a hand on her shoulder. “Go ahead. Talk slow, okay?”
Lilly inhaled the weightiness of her task. “We read you,” she began in a soft, clear voice. “Over.”
The woman paused, deciphering Lilly’s impairment and adjusting accordingly. “How old are you, sweetheart? Over.”
“I’m ten,” Lilly replied.
“Who’s with you? What’s your twenty?”
“There are eight of us. Me and my brother, Liam and our friends. We’re…” She struggled to describe our location. “In the Hole. Who are you? Where are you? Over.”
“Oh my God,” the woman sounded like she was about to cry. “You’re—you’re Liam’s little sister! Is he okay?”
Confusion creased Lilly’s face. “You know my brother?”
The woman let out a choked little laugh. “Yes, yes I do, Lilly. My name is Gabriella Standish—”
“Mrs. Standish!” Amy exclaimed. “Where is she? At the school? If she’s alive then maybe we can go back to the school and—” She grabbed her coat and her backpack. I expected to see the omnipresent makeup case and mirror, but Amy surprised me, abandoning a final primp as she pressed toward the staircase.
Nester shoved me toward the radio a little harder than was necessary. “Talk to her, man. Maybe she knows what’s going on. Where there are other people alive. Maybe—” He didn’t finish the sentence; he didn’t have to. Mrs. Standish had renewed his hopes for his parents—and for all our parents. Except Amaranth. For the first time, I understood what every day must be like for her, all alone without anyone you could be certain of but yourself. I forced myself not to look at her. Instead, I took the radio Lilly handed me.
“Mrs. S,” I said into the radio. “I’m here. So are Nester Bartlett and his brother—half-brother—Nate, and Rod Wasserman, Amy Yamamoto and Amaranth Jones. There’s one more: my sister’s friend Elise—” I stopped. After seven days underground together, I didn’t even know her last name.
“Gomez,” she lisped into the radio when I held it out to her. “Over.”
Mrs. Standish’s laughter trickled over us and everyone in the room joined in. I realized that it was probably the first time any of us had laughed since…before.
“Well, it’s nice to meet you, Elise Gomez,” she said. “Liam, are you all okay? Is anyone injured?”
I opened my mouth but Rod shook his head.
“It’s okay,” he muttered thickly. “Just get us out of here.”
“Nothing serious,” I told Mrs. Standish. “Where are you? Is it safe for us to leave here?”
She sighed heavily. “It’s grim topside. Lots of fires. Lots of…lot of people who didn’t make it—and a few desperate people who survived. Do you copy?”
“Copy.” I glanced around the room. That more people had perished than survived wasn’t the news anyone hoped to hear.
“Still, we—my husband and I and our two little boys—we’re going to G.O.O.D. soon,” she continued.
“G.O.O.D.?” Nester whispered.
“Get out of dodge,” Lilly replied softly, then tugged on my arm. “Ask her if she’s seen Mommy and Daddy—”
“And if there’s any rescue plan—”
“And if there’s any place we get more information on survivors, man—”
I held up a finger. Mrs. Standish was still talking.
“—and protective gear if you have it. At least wrap up if you’re going out. All of you. Try to limit your exposure. Do you have any potassium iodide?’
“Potassium iodide, ma’am?”
“It helps to protect the body from the effects of radiation.”
“I—I don’t know.” There hadn’t been anything like that in the field medical kit—at least not that I saw.
“Well, have you got some kind of transportation? There are abandoned cars everywhere, but most of them are either burned or out of gas. Over. ”
“We have a school bus, Mrs. S,” I told her. “It’s parked over at Wilson’s Auto Repair. You know the place? I don’t know what kind of shape it’s in, but Dad rented a bay there for it, so it was covered at least. If it’s running, that’s our plan.”
Mrs. Standish was silent for so long I thought we’d lost her.
“All right, Liam. But keep the windows tight, and take as many side roads as you can.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And, Liam, be very careful. People are scared and starving. They’ve watched loved ones die. They have nothing to lose and they’ll do anything—anything—just to survive. They see you as just children…all of you. Do you understand what I’m trying to tell you?”
“Yes—but you—you haven’t heard anything about any rescue efforts? I mean they’re not searching for survivors or—or—anything like that? Over.”
Mrs. Standish’s sigh was heavy and deep.
“No, baby. I don’t think there’s enough of a government left for anything like that,” she said softly. “We’re on our own.”
“And—have you talked to anyone else? Other people?”
“You’re the first voices we’ve heard since…” She didn’t bother to finish the sentence. “But I think the radiation is still interfering with transmissions.”
“Will you be okay?”
There was another long pause before she replied. I thought I heard other voices—a man’s and the sound of child whimpering desolately but they stopped when she started talking. “Yes. We’re—we’re heading south in a couple more days. When are you all going?”
“Now,” I said, thinking of the scavengers.
“Oh, I don’t think you need to do that!” Mrs. Standish said quickly. “Wait at least another couple of days!”
I told her quickly about our unwelcome visitors.
“Well, I think you’re safe for a while,” Mrs. Standish said after a pause. “I’m guessing the people who were in your house don’t have the time or energy to go looking for a gas-powered saw right now. Especially when there are easier pickings elsewhere.”
I thought about the sound of the crowbar smashing against the steel door so hard it rattled like a tin can. There was no way we were staying now, no matter what Mrs. Standish thought, but all I said was, “Yes, ma’am.”
She paused again. When she spoke at last, her smoke and honey voice trembled with emotion.
“I just want to say…Good luck, Liam. I—I hope to see you again. In better times. Over and out.”
“No! Don’t hang up! Please!” Amy shrieked, throwing herself toward the radio, her hands stretched out like claws. Wasserman grabbed her, wincing when he had to use his bad hand, but he recovered quickly enough to put his good arm around her and hold her tight against him.
“That’s enough, Amy,” he said gently, pressing his burnt lips against the top of her head. “We’re getting out of here.” The kindness evaporated as he fixed his single eye on my face. “So the bug out bus isn’t in West Virginia, huh, Harper. It’s been right here in town all the time.”
“So?”
“So you lied. To all of us. We could have been on the road and away from this place days ago, but instead we’ve been rotting in this stinking hole. What was your plan? To wait until we were above ground and then sneak off with Lilly and leave the rest of us?”
“Gee, Wiseass, I hadn’t thought that far ahead, but thanks for the suggestion. That’s a brilliant plan,” I muttered. “You keep forgetting that you’re the guy who broke into my house! You think I was gonna tell you where the bus was?”
“Keep your bus,” he hissed through his cracked face. “It doesn’t matter now. We’re going home. To our own parents. And we don’t need you or your bus or your mountain bunker or whatever it is.” He grabbed one of the flashlights and dropped it into his pocket like he’d brought it there. “Come on, Amy. Help me pull down the ladder.” Rod lifted his good hand toward the chain and Amy immediately stepped into the space beside him. The ladder retracted from the ceiling and, for a moment, we all stared at the rungs, considering what it would really mean to climb them. The ladder seemed to take up more space in the untidy room than I had ever remembered it doing before, offering us a sinister invitation to the world above. For all his big talk, Rod hesitated, staring up at the steel door over our heads apprehensively.
“I’m going with them.” Nate grabbed his shoes—a pair of slick lime green Jordan’s that looked brand new—and jammed them onto his feet. His round face shone with a layer of sweat from the heat in the small room. “I’m going. I want to go home—”
“You’re an idiot,” Nester muttered. “You’re going to get yourself killed out there—”
“Better that than stay in here with you!” Nate cried, tears mixing with the sweat on his cheeks. “I’m going. I’m going to find my mom and dad and you can stay in here in the dark forever for all I care, Nester!”
He bulldozed past Rod and Amy and started climbing. Everyone watched as he grabbed the latch with both hands without hesitation and threw back the heavy steel door. He pulled himself out of the Hole and out of sight without once looking back.
“Nate!” Nester yelled after him. “I’m sorry, man.” He grabbed his stuff and flipped the hood of his jacket so far over his face he looked like Death in a hoodie. “I gotta go. He’s an idiot…but he’s my brother, you know?”
Then he was gone.
Wasserman gave me one last glance, grabbed Amy’s hand and followed them without a word.
“I want to go,” Elise said softly. “But my Mama. She is not here.” She glanced at Amaranth. “I go with you, yes?”
Amaranth tried to smile and failed miserably. She put her hands on the little girl’s shoulders, her eyes suddenly too bright.
“No,” she said. “You shouldn’t come with me. Go with Lilly and her brother. They’ll take care of you, I promise.” She said something else in Spanish that made Elise throw her arms around Amaranth’s neck. She clung there, sobbing and I didn’t need a translator for the torrent of words she wailed into Amaranth’s neck. She was pleading with her to stay with her…to stay with us.
“She’s right, Amaranth. It’s just the four of us now—and we’ll do better together than we could alone.” I swallowed hard. “Please, Amaranth. I—I need you. I mean, I’m not sure I can handle these two on the road by myself. What if they have to go to the ladies room or something?” I added, offering my best attempt at a joke. “Come with us. Please.”
I don’t think anything I said made any difference. But Elise added something in Spanish, spoken in a low earnest voice and a choked gasp of pain escaped from Amaranth’s lips. She blinked quickly, but the tears rolled slowly down her cheeks anyway before she swiped them away.
“Si,” she nodded. “Okay. I’ll go.”
They couldn’t have looked more different: Amaranth tall, pale and slender, Elise small and brown. But there they stood, holding hands.
“What did she say?” I asked even though I was pretty sure Amaranth wouldn’t tell me. To my surprise, she smiled.
“She said we’re each other’s family. That neither one of us has anyone else,” she repeated in a voice that trembled with more tears, tears that she swallowed down with a short bark of a laugh. “And she’s right. So…” Amaranth exhaled, closing her eyes to force her emotions to yield. “I’m responsible for her. And the responsible thing is to get her out of here. To go with you. To the Mountains.”
Elise turned to me, her little chin sharp in her wan face and her collarbones visible at the neck of her dirty pink tank top. Her gold cross glittered in the dim light.
“Vamos,” she said nodding toward the open door.
“No.” Lilly sat down on the cot and grabbed the radio, her cheeks flushed. “Breaker, breaker. This is Field of Flowers for Titanium Two. TT do you copy—”
I was going to have to drag Lilly out, kicking and screaming.
Amaranth slipped on her jacket and grabbed her backpack. I thought she was going to put it on, but instead, she unzipped it and dumped the contents out onto the floor. Her Geometry text book landed on its spine, the pages open to the formulas for computing the area of triangle.
“We still need food. You know that church? The one across the street?” she said.
I nodded. “Zion Methodist. I’ve never been there, but sometimes on quiet Sundays, we can hear the hymns.”
“They used to have this mission. Helping runaways.” Her eyes drifted off my face. “And as a part of it, they would give out food and stuff—”
“You were a runaway?” Lilly asked, distracted from her rebellion. “I thought you didn’t have parents.’
“I don’t. Not anymore. I ran away from a foster home. A few times,” Amaranth’s emerald eyes seemed to glitter, daring us to ask another question, but it wasn’t a dare I wanted to take. If Amaranth got mad, she and Elise might just disappear into the apocalypse and I’d never see her again.
“You think anything is left? You heard Mrs. Standish,” I asked instead. “People have been looting and scavenging for days—”
“Yeah, but runaways are looters and scavengers, too. See, at first, they stored the food in this locker with a padlock on it—but that got broken into so many times they got smart. The locker disappeared and they started hiding the food in all kinds of unlikely places.” She shrugged. “Someone might have found it, but it’s worth a shot.” She put a foot on the ladder.
“No!” Elise and I said simultaneously.
“You cannot go alone!” Elise continued. “There are the bad people out there—”
“I’m used to taking care of myself,” Amaranth said gently. “Don’t worry about me. I’ll be okay. Besides, it’ll give Liam a little more time to persuade Lilly—”
“No, she’s right,” I said. I found my jacket and my black go bag, dropped my Glock into the waist band of my jeans and slung the shotgun over my shoulder. I scooped up the flashlight and the medical kit. “You’re not going alone—”
“Well, I’m not going,” Lilly repeated, folding her arms across her chest. “Dad is coming and—”
“Well, we’re going to save him a few miles and meet him on the way, Lilly,” I said squatting down beside her.
“He’s going to look for us here, Liam—”
Elise interrupted her by dumping out her backpack just like Amaranth had done. She sorted through the mess until she found the marbled black and white composition book and a pencil. “Escribir,” she said, thrusting the notebook at Lilly and gesturing. “Escribir.”
“Yeah,” I said seizing the little girl’s lead. “You can write him a note. Tell him what happened and why we had to leave. Tell him to turn on his radio. Then we’ll be able to meet up with him. And Mom.”
Lilly stared at the paper and pencil. A tear rolled down her face and made a blurry wet drop on the page before she handed them to me.
“You do it, Liam,” she said, exhaling in defeat. “Your handwriting is better. Write ‘gone to the Mountain Place’ and sign it ‘with love.’”

back to top
10
In the House
of the Lord
We went up one at time; me, then Lilly, then Elise. Amaranth came last.
The basement was very dark, even with our flashlights cutting circles of light into the blackness. Water still puddled on the floor and everything—the old luggage, the Christmas decorations and other old stuff that had been in boxes on the basement floor lay about in shredded pieces. Cold air wafted in through the back door, which stood wide open with the windows shattered. I wasn’t sure if Wasserman or Nate had left it open, or if they’d found it that way. After the dank, fetid smell of the overpopulated basement, I hoped for fresh air. But the air wasn’t fresh. It smelled like burnt rubber and chemicals and something rotten.
At the top of the stairs, the door to the main regions of the house hung half off its hinges. Instinctively, I raised the shotgun, moving slowly up to the room that had once been my favorite one—the kitchen.
It had been completely ravaged. The blast had shattered the windows, and Mom’s cheerful curtains hung in lopsided rags. They had once been yellow, but were now black with some kind of nasty soot. Every drawer, every cabinet had been pulled out of its place, their contents picked over until there was nothing left but trash abandoned to the floor. The refrigerator doors hung open, revealing dark, moldy looking shelves and rotten goods. Like the curtains, the countertops, the surface of the cabinets, the appliances and the floor were dusted with a slippery, smudgy black residue that was slick beneath our feet.
“Fallout,” Amaranth muttered, grimacing like she didn’t want to step on it.
“It’s like…black snow.” Lilly stretched finger toward the mess of shattered glass and twisted metal that had once been our kitchen table.
“Don’t touch it,” I warned, sounding louder and harsher than I meant it to. Lilly blinked at me, wounded. “Remember what Mrs. Standish said? It’s toxic,” I added, more gently, but the truth was, the sight of our home had me on edge. I guess I’d hoped to find it more…normal. Seeing everything trashed and ruined made me miss my parents. I’d have given anything to see the two of them sitting at that kitchen counter, arguing with each other…but that would never happen again in this kitchen, in this house. Lilly must have been thinking the same thing, because she whimpered,
“I don’t like this.”
“Come on,” I whispered, leading the way out of the room. Lilly followed, pressing so close to my back that she kept stepping on the heels of my shoes. I wanted to reassure her, but I couldn’t think of thing to say that was anywhere near the truth.
We moved toward the front door stepping over more broken glass, maneuvering around burnt and upended furniture, and sliding on soot. Up the stairs, where our bedrooms had been, I saw nothing but rubble: the roof had caved in and the upper floors were gone. Our home looked like it had been picked up by a tornado and dropped into my worst nightmare…and then I opened the front door and we stepped into the street.


I thought I knew what to expect. After all, I’d seen the bomb go off and felt the heat wave and the aftershocks. Mrs. Standish’s warnings about “people who didn’t make it” had filled my imagination with every image I’d ever seen on TV where corpses littered the streets.
But I opened the door on something worse than even the pictures of war dead that I’d seen in World War II footage on the History Channel.
The front lawn was no longer green: it was covered with the same black snow that had dusted the inside of the house—only more of it. My foot sank in it, covering my ankle. Both “soot” and “snow” were poor descriptions. It was like baby powder, but when I tried to brush it off it smeared, leaving an oily smudge on both my shoe and my hand. It covered everything—the front porch, the cars, the grass, the driveway, the street. It clung to the eaves and the windows of the houses in the cul de sac like some evil goo trying to eat its way through the buildings and consume the people inside—if there were people inside.
“Cover your faces,” I ordered, remembering Mrs. Standish’s words.
“Here,” Amaranth handed me a dirty sock she’d scooped off the Hole’s floor. “I think it was Amy’s” she said in explanation, as she tied the other one around Lilly’s nose and mouth. She had already tied a scrap of violet fabric around the lower half of her face and Elise’s. I recognized it as part of the hem of her frayed sweater.
I wasn’t crazy about sniffing Amy’s toe jam, but it wasn’t the time for protest. I tied the black athletic sock around my face quickly and led the way down the front yard and into the street.
The silence was unnerving. No car sounds, no sounds of humming air conditioners and heating units, no distant car noises. No barking dogs. No squirrels chattering and chasing each other up down the trees. No people chatting on their cellphones or music streaming from open windows. Nothing. The neighborhood I’d always called home was completely silent as if every living thing had perished or evacuated except the three of us. Our neighbors’ houses stared vacantly at us. The broken windows, the scorched siding and thick, black coating built up on every surface made the street look desolate. Next door, Nate and Nester’s house looked like it had burned and someone had thrown most of their belongings out onto the yard. If the brothers were inside, there was no evidence of it.
I looked up. The sky was a color I’d never seen before—not even the wildest science fiction movie. The closest analogy I had was The Matrix, in the scenes where Morpheus introduces Neo to a wasteland of a planet with a scorched sky. The thing above us looked something like that: a solid mass of dark, low clouds hung heavily over us, blocking the sun and the stars. The flashlights pricked the darkness like holes in velvet box. Light shimmered on the distant horizon—lightning, I thought, at first, until I realized it was some kind explosion, followed by the steady orange glow of fire.
A car sat in the street near our driveway, but it was barely recognizable. The paint had burnt off all but a small section near the hatch and there were big holes where the black soot had burned through the metal. The tires were gooey masses of rubber that, I realized, were part of the strange smell that made my nose burn.
“We can get to the church fastest if we cut through Old Man Rossi’s yard,” I said pointing to the house directly across the street from ours.
Amaranth nodded over her makeshift gas mask, zipping her hoodie up higher so that it too, covered her nose and mouth. Then she reached over and put her hands on my chest. “Pull this up,” she instructed grabbing my t-shirt. “The sock isn’t enough. Pull that up. Over your head so it covers your nose and mouth. I don’t like the look of this,” she added glancing up at the evil sky. “Too bad you don’t have one of those hazmat suits. That would come in handy right now.”
“So would my gas mask,” I agreed. “But one of Wasserman’s friends took it. Let’s go.”
Old Man Rossi hated for kids to trample on his pristine lawn. He had one of the biggest yards in our community and as we stepped over the pile of wood that had once been his perfect white fence, I half expected him to come running out of his house wearing his Redskin cap and bedroom slippers, threatening to call the cops.
He didn’t.
We hurried across the lawn—now a field of black ash—and reached the street right in front of the remnants of a charred SUV, its windows blown out by the force of the shock wave. I blinked, unsure of what I was seeing, until I deciphered the blackened forms in the seats were people: their skeletal hands outstretched in terror, teeth showing in an eerie white scream. That was the other smell, running just under the arid burn of scorched chemicals: the odor of smoldering flesh.
“Liam,” Lilly’s eyes widened in horror. “T-t-hey…they’re all…”
“Just close your eyes, Lilly! You too, Elise! Close your eyes—”
“But—”
I grabbed her and held her face, looking into her eyes like I could erase what she’d already seen. “Listen to me! Close your eyes and hold onto me.  Close your eyes and don’t open them until I tell you to. Please—”
“He’s right,” Amaranth agreed, holding out her hand for Elise, who had covered her face with her hands. “Close your eyes. Cierre el ojo. Hold on to me. We’ll be in the church in a few minutes—”
“I want to go home,” Lilly sobbed. “We should have stayed…in the Hole…we should have waited—”
I grabbed her around the neck and clamped my hands over her eyes, frog marching her across the street, ignoring her complaints and struggles. The next car was a blackened minivan. Through the shattered windows I saw a couple of tiny bodies buckled into car seats, their skin the color of rotten banana peels. I swallowed quickly to keep myself from throwing up, but I still felt like I’d been gutted and all the sensitive stuff on the inside was now on the outside.
Zion Methodist wasn’t quite a mega church, but it wasn’t tiny either. Tall floor-to-ceiling glass windows announced to the faithful the power and majesty of their God—or that’s how it had once seemed.
The windows hung in shards like stalactites now. The carpet in the foyer was covered with so much black soot that there was barely a spot where the original garnet red showed through.
“Where should we look?” I asked turning to Amaranth. “Is there like a cafeteria or a multi-purpose room or—”
Amaranth’s eyes danced like she was laughing at me, but her face stayed grim. “Honestly, Liam. Everyone would look there. Even you. No.” She nodded toward three sets of ornate wooden doors. “Last time I was here—and that’s been a while—they were hiding it through there.”
“In the sanctuary?” I asked incredulously. “Isn’t that, well, sacrilegious or something?”
“Well, duh, it would be if it was like on the altar or something. But it’s not. There are offices back there. On the other side.”
“Are you sure there’s anything here at all?”
“We’ll see.” She started into the sanctuary but I stopped her.
“Look, Amaranth. I get that you want to contribute, but I don’t see the point of rambling through this church on the hope of finding some food when there’s food stored on the bus—”
“There’s food here, too, Liam—”
“How do you know?”
“How do you know there’s still food on the bus? Or that the bus is still there? Or that we can drive it even around the corner—forget about all the way to West Virginia! You don’t! You don’t know anything, either!” Amaranth jerked away from me. “Let me do something, Liam! Or at least try!”
Elise said something that sounded like a rebuke in Spanish. Lilly glared at me, her cheeks flushed and sweaty, and her eyes hot and bright. I knew she was thinking we should have stayed in the Hole to wait for Dad.
“I want you to contribute, Amaranth. I’m just a little creeped out by this place. Whatever was here is probably long gone. I think we should try to find the bus as soon as we can. ”
“I know what I’m talking about, Liam,” Amaranth sighed. “Since you have to know, I hated that group home. The place before the one I live in now. So much that I ran away. A lot. Enough to make a few friends here—people who knew my situation and…” She reached into her shirt and pulled out a small silver key. “They gave me this. They told me to use it—if I ever needed a place or food or anything. It opens just about any door in this building. Including the one for the office supply closet back there. And that’s where they hid the stuff that kept disappearing from the pantry. I don’t know if someone else found it, but I’m betting they didn’t. I mean, look at the floor. There are no footprints in the soot but ours, right? So to me, it’s worth checking out. If you don’t want to, that’s fine. Go. I’ll meet you at the bus in a little bit.”
Her story opened rooms full of questions in my mind, but from the way she lifted her chin and glared at me, I knew I’d have to wait until she was good and ready before I’d ever get an answer to any of them. Instead, I nodded for her to lead the way.
Elise crossed herself and genuflected as we entered the dark and empty sanctuary. We trod quietly up the regal red carpet past the rows of polished wood pews toward a closed door near the altar, almost running into a massive black baby grand piano stationed near it. The altar itself was raised five steps above the congregation. A crucifix and several thick unlit candles rested on a white cloth embroidered with golden symbols. An oversized Bible lay open between them.
Amaranth pushed open the door and shone her flashlight down a dark hallway that looked as silent and unmolested as the rest of the church.
“It’s back here,” she whispered.
I followed with Lilly at my heels, but Elise stopped. When I turned my light in her direction, I saw that she was kneeling in front of the altar, holding her necklace tightly in her fist, murmuring prayers in Spanish.
“Elise—” I began but Amaranth stopped me.
“Leave her alone,” she murmured, grabbing a stack of hymnals off the seat of the piano and stationing them against the door. “It’s right through here. She’ll be okay. We can prop the door open, just in case.”
She was right: we had barely gone more than ten steps when we reached a small alcove that contained a copy machine and system of cubbies that must have been the church’s internal mail system. Amaranth ignored these for three metal lockers that lined the walls like sentries. She applied the key to each of them swinging the doors wide.
The first two contained copy paper, other office supplies, spare Bibles, worn hymnals and other materials you might expect to find in a church office. But the third held the mother lode.
“Wow!” Lilly said her distress forgotten as she grabbed a big box of single-serving potato chips and ripped it open. “My favorite!” she muttered, stuffing her mouth with the salty snack. I grabbed a bag and threw back my head, shaking the chips down my gullet as fast as they would go. The flavor exploded on my tongue and I sighed, gratefully. Amaranth smiled at me around a mouthful of chocolate cookies.
“I told you,” she muttered. “Good, huh?”
All I could do was nod: my tongue and teeth were too occupied with chewing to form words. As I grabbed a few of Amaranth’s cookies, I thought of Nate: these were the very foods that had tormented his dreams. Annoying as he’d been, I sort of wished he was here to enjoy this moment.
There were several jars of peanut butter, crackers, canned items from baked beans to pasta sauce. We crammed our backpacks as full as we could— loading them beyond what we could comfortably carry—and still there was food left on the shelves.
“I’ll get Elise. There’s a little room in her bag, but not much,” I said sadly. “I hate to leave this. Especially not knowing if—”
Elise shrieked from the sanctuary behind us. Amaranth blanched and dropped the bag, sending precious cookies rolling all over the floor.
“Stay here,” I hissed to Amaranth and Lilly as I abandoned the weight of cans and dry goods for my shotgun and took off running.

Elise didn’t scream again. I slowed when I reached the doorway we’d propped open with the hymnals. I crept toward the sanctuary with my gun drawn and my back pressed tight against the wall, listening with every nerve of my body.
“I am…sorry,” Elise lisped softly to someone I couldn’t see. She didn’t sound scared anymore, and the pause between her words sounded more like she was searching her vocabulary than quivering in terror. “I pray she is okay, your mama. You must to believe she is so—”
“I want to go look for her. Even if we have to walk.”
It was Nate—there was no mistaking his voice. He sounded shaken and I imagined the tears on his round cheeks before I saw them, barely illuminated by the small circle of light from Elise’s flashlight. I lowered the gun and stepped into the room, ready to identify myself. “We might find her—and Dad, too—if we leave now. But Nester said—”
“That it was stupid.” Nester stood toward the back of the church with his arms folded. I couldn’t see his face in the darkness, but his voice was as hard as a fist. “Now can we just find Liam and the others and go—”
“To want your mother…it is not stupid,” Elise offered in her broken English. “You want that she is okay! It is not stupid—”
“She’s not ‘okay,’” Nester strode down the aisle, his dark shadow stretching over the small beam of Elise’s flashlight. “More than likely, she’s dead, you idiot—”
“Don’t say that!” Nate yelled.
“Didn’t you see what was out there? Didn’t you see the people burnt to the death in their cars and driveways? You didn’t see the sky? God only knows what this air is doing to us. There’s no food, Nate. All the houses are destroyed and empty, everything is looted and the people are just—just gone. What part of this are you missing—?”
“Maybe it’s like Liam said. Maybe she was underground. Or maybe she—”
“Just accept the facts, Nate. If that bomb killed this many people way out here, there’s no way anyone closer survived. It’s—it’s just not possible—”
“You must have faith,” Elise’s interruption sounded like a reprimand. “You must! You must believe that—”
“That what? That everyone else was incinerated by the nuke—reduced to nothing more than this black stuff that’s all over everything—but God reached down from Heaven and saved our Mom just because that’s what I prayed for? Is that what you want me to believe?” He jumped the circle of Elise’s flash light, bounding up the steps toward the altar in a single, long-legged leap. “That’s crap!” he cried, grabbing crucifix and hurling it toward the pews like he was pitching in the World Series. “I—don’t—believe—it—!” He swept the candles and the Bible off their places. “Now let’s go!” he roared. “Liam!”
Nate and Elise stared at him. I expected Elise to start praying—or to race up to the altar and put right what Nester had defaced—but she simply stood still, staring at him with solemn eyes.
“I’m here,” I said in the charged silence. “How did you find us?”
Nester kicked a candle aside as he descended. “Saw you from the window. At our house—”
Nate leaned toward me, his nostrils quivering. “Do—do I smell Doritos?” he whimpered.
I jerked my head toward the church office. “Yeah, Amaranth found a stash of—”
He darted away from us, pounding blindly down the hall. Elise glanced at me and then at Nester, her expression unreadable, then followed.
I peered into Nester’s face. Even in the dim light, I could see that his skin had a grayish cast to it. There were hollows under his eyes and for the first time, I noticed dark curly hairs sprouting from his chin. A week in the Hole had taken its toll on his body, but whatever had happened between him and Nate in their parents’ house had wrung hope in his spirit.
We’d never been the kind of friends who slapped each other on the back or thumped each other after a good shot on the basketball court. But his pain came at me and I had to lift my hand. I dropped it on his shoulder, patting uncertainly.
“You all right?” I asked.
“Yeah,” he muttered, like I’d beaten him. “Look…I know you don’t have to, but…” He hung his head. “You got room for two more on that bus?”
I gave his shoulder a shake and let him go.
“Yeah. In fact, we need your help. There’s more food than the four of us can carry in that cupboard Amaranth found.” I nodded toward the office. “If you like Doritos, I think you’d better hurry up.”

back to top
11
Wilson’s Garage
“Can I open my eyes?” Lilly asked.
“No.”
In the old days, I could walk to the garage in twenty minutes, but now, that was impossible. The streets were filled burnt out cars left at crazy angles in the streets and on the sidewalks. Downed utility poles and dead trees blocked the other walkable spaces. In some places, fires still smoldered and we had detour to avoid the smoke and flame. And the dead surrounded us: in cars and busses, on the sidewalks, on lawns and parking lots. Not all of them were blackened skeletons now—some looked like they’d just fallen as they were walking or running. You could still tell who they’d been, what they were wearing and the expressions on their faces when they died. The adults were bad, but the kids were worse. We passed a car with a JFK sticker on the bumper that was filled with dead passengers, but I turned my head. I didn’t want to know. If I could have, I would have run the whole way—even with the heavy cans weighting down my backpack. But I couldn’t do that, not without exposing Lilly and Elise to the carnage I was seeing.
More than once it occurred to me that Lilly might have been right. Maybe we should have stayed in the Hole. We might have starved, but at least I wouldn’t have to worry about my little sister opening her eyes and seeing one of her classmates or teachers as a charred and twisted corpse.
And though we hadn’t seen them, those scavengers were probably around somewhere, too. For all I knew, they were tracking us, watching us from inside the blackened homes and businesses. Before we left the church, I handed Nester the shotgun and Amaranth Lilly’s .22 rifle and quickly explained to them the weapons’ safety and trigger mechanisms. Nester accepted the weapon with grim-faced determination, but Amaranth hesitated, her face betraying an emotion she rarely admitted to: fear.
“It’s okay,” I said softly. “We’re not going to need it. It’s just a precaution, right? Besides, I’m loaded down,” I joked, indicating my rucksack overloaded with cans and gear and my Glock and hunting knife hanging from the holster at my hip. “Gotta share the weight, right?”
She rolled her eyes, letting me know I was about as funny as metastatic cancer.
“You got another one of those things?” she asked, nodding at my holster. She held the pistol between her two fingers like it was a dirty diaper. “It’s not going to fit in my pockets—they’re fashion pockets, not utility pockets. Too small. Where…where do I keep it?”
“Lift up,” I said. “Your jacket and your sweater.”
Her eyes met mine.
“I—I’m just going to show you how to store it your waistband without shooting yourself,” I stammered.
Her lips curved into a tired smile. “I know that, Liam. You’re funniest when you’re not trying, you know that?”
My hand shook a little when it grazed the pale skin of her taut stomach. She was wearing a pair of black skinny jeans that I was pretty sure had been tight against her abdomen two weeks ago. Now there was gap wide enough for two fingers and her ribcage stretched her skin. It was a little alarming; Amaranth had been the kind of thin that made me want to take care of her when I met her. There didn’t seem like there was much left to her now but bones.
“Give me a gun, too,” Nate demanded.
“You don’t know how to use one,” I said.
“Neither do they!”
“They’re older.”
“Lilly’s not. She’s two years younger than me and she’s...” He folded his lips and blinked at me. “Well, you know.”
I sighed. “Lilly’s been handling guns since she was seven.”
“But I’m really good at Call of Duty and Halo. Top scorer. Better than, Nester!” he whined. “Like seriously. I mean, how hard it can be—”
“In a video game you can’t shoot your own fingers off…or worse,” I interrupted in exasperation. “Later, I’ll teach you. Now let’s get going.”


North Street—the main street in our town—was a parking lot of burned-out tombs.
“Everyone was headed to the Interstate,” Amaranth said quietly, pointing east to where the exit ramp peeled off on the right side of the road. She coughed a little, and tucked her face more deeply into her jacket against the foul, thick air.
“Which is probably also jammed,” I said. Even a whisper sounded loud in this metal graveyard. The empty silence was nearly as gruesome as what we were seeing. When you’re used to a world that roars and beeps and hums—when the soundtrack of everyday life is engines and voices and electronic devices of all decibels, silence is creepy. “We’ll take back roads.” My words seemed to bounce off of everything like the PA system at a football game, even though I had spoken just loud enough to be heard.
“If you can get to them,” Nester muttered. It was the first thing he’d said since we left the church. He dropped the words like his own bitter weapon and marched on ahead of us. He sounded like a veteran soldier, too accustomed to death to be shocked by its random brutality. Was Dad like that? I wondered. After all his tours in war-torn places, he’d seen death up close many times. Was his strategy like Nester’s: march on and don’t look? To concentrate so hard on the mission ahead that the dead were simply a distraction he couldn’t afford?
We passed the little strip mall that housed the dojo where I’d taken Karate for a year when I was six. The windows were blown out and the sub shop next to it was on fire. The Food World was a black, empty mouth, billowing foul smoke that we hurried past as quickly as possible. Wilson’s Garage was one more block north across Arbor Way, set back from the street and hidden from view, except for a lollipop billboard with a big red arrow pointing customers in the right direction.
“You can open your eyes,” I told Lilly and Elise as the garage came into sight. “I think it will be okay now.”
Lilly lifted her hood. Her face was grayish, and I couldn’t tell if that was because of the dim light or a remnant of the fallout stirred by our feet or if, in spite of my best efforts to protect her, she’d peeked and seen too much. She squeezed my hand just a little tighter.
“Please Liam…can we just get out of here?” she asked, her eyes round and pleading. “Please?”
“I hope so,” I said. “Let’s check on the bus. If it’s operational, we go.”
And if it’s not?
I shut down the thought. It’s there and it’s fine, I told myself. We’re getting out of here. We’re getting to the Mountain Place…and it’s going to be fine.
I repeated it over and over in my mind like a mantra or a prayer. Elise didn’t speak much English, but her faith was rubbing off on me.


Wilson’s really wasn’t anything special—just your basic rectangle of painted concrete with a small office. Its grimy plate glass front window had “Wilson’s” painted on it in red script. Inside the office, a dirty tile floor and a few ancient metal chairs faced a long wood-paneled counter about chest high. Through a doorway that no longer had a door attached to it, you left the office for a line of repair bays—five of them—each covered by a louvered steel door at night, but usually left wide open during business hours.
Or at least that’s how it used to look. The white concrete of the exterior was dusted with black fallout making it look almost like it had been given a 101 Dalmatians makeover. And the front window was shattered into a million tiny pieces. The garage bay doors were all open, and the cars inside had been abandoned by the mechanics as they fled for safety.
“Back there,” I said, gesturing in the direction we needed to go. “Behind the shop—”
“Wait!” Nate cried out, his voice holding an edge of emergency.
“Why?” Nester demanded.
“I’m going to get a weapon.” Nate ducked inside one of the dark bays. As he bent, his pants slipped off his hips, flashing us a slice of dark brown skin and a small roll of excess flesh before he disappeared into the darkness, his flashlight making little dots in its inkiness.
“Nate’s getting skinny,” Lilly commented managing a little smile.
“It’s the Hole Diet,” Amaranth added, pulling at the waist of my jeans. “We’ve all been on it. If Liam weren’t wearing a belt, his pants would be on the ground!” She translated quickly and both girls giggled, annoying the hell out of me.
“I don’t see any bus,” Nester grumbled, squashing their merriment. “I thought you said—”
“It’s back there,” I pointed to a series of unmarked storage units behind the garage.
They looked just like regular storage units—the same uniform aluminum-sided blocks, spaced equidistantly along the two paved rows. The whole thing was fenced off from the main garage and locked with fancy electronic locks that were now completely useless. Behind them was a small strip of dead trees. Through their branches, dense black smoke rose ominously in the air from the townhouse community on the other side. From what I could see, the whole place had caught fire leaving little behind but charred wood and roasted siding.
Nester studied the distant smoke, and then frowned at me, skepticism scrunching his lips tight. “You mean to tell me your pop put a bus in one of those storage units?”
“Sort of,” I explained. “Wilson’s rents special car storage space. Mostly for fancy restored cars. Dad’s is the one on the end. The widest one—”
“Then let’s get going.” Nester started out toward it ahead of me.
“What about Nate—” I began, just as Nate emerged from the garage, triumphantly wielding a tire iron.
“Ready,” he said.
Nester rolled his eyes. “A fat kid with a tire iron. We’re so much safer now. Come on.” He walked away, leading us around the corner, before any of us could figure out if he was joking or not.


Something was wrong.
All the garages were closed—their doors locked tight and flush to the concrete in front of them—except the last one, the one that housed Dad’s bug out bus. The padlocks lay smashed in the center of the asphalt and sounds of movement inside drifted toward us.
“We’ve got company,” Amaranth whispered. “Now what?”
“Lilly and I will check this out—” I whispered.
“Lilly’s not up to this. She’s just a little girl—” Amaranth interrupted.
“I can do it!” Lilly’s voice rose with her wounded pride. “Just because I have Down’s doesn’t mean—”
“She’s right,” I interrupted before her temper cost us the element of surprise. “Lilly has the most experience with her weapon. You guys hang back. If things get funky—if you hear shots or too much time goes by and one of us doesn’t come for you—no heroics. You haul ass. Take Nate and Elise and go—”
“Go where?” Amaranth asked.
It was a good question, so good that I had to ignore it. “Come on, Lilly,” I murmured in a low voice, readying my gun.
She crept along behind me, as close to me as she had been when her eyes were closed, her fist knotting the black nylon of my jacket. When we reached the garage opening, I signaled for Lilly to stop while I continued forward, assuming the positions of the classic two-man maneuver that Dad had taught us. At the time, it seemed like a fun “war game” that would never have any practical use. I remembered humoring him, going along on some of those crazy “training mission” camping trips just because it was easier than arguing, wondering the whole time why I didn’t get to spend my weekends going to the movies, or playing X Box or shooting hoops over at the park, like other kids.
I stopped at the edge of the open bay, my back against the concrete, my gun pressed like a prayer against my chest.
“It looks undamaged,” a male voice said. “If I can figure out how to start it, we’ll know for sure.”
“Might be some keys somewhere inside,” a woman replied.
I knew the voice. My heart, already about to jump out of my chest with fear, stuttered like I was going into cardiac arrest. A face popped into my head, but I closed my eyes, blocking it out.
The man laughed. “Would you leave keys inside?”
“No.”
“Then you can be damn sure he didn’t. There might be a key in here somewhere, but it’ll take us too long to find it. Better to just hotwire it and get gone. I gotta admit it: the man has some impressive preps. It’s too bad we’ll never meet him.”
“Are you sure…are you sure this is the right thing?” The woman said after a pause. She was close, probably standing right near the open doorway in a lookout position. There was no mistaking her now—her voice was so loud and clear that I knew—I knew—but it was like someone had stabbed me right in the center of my chest. I swallowed back the tears building in the corners of my eyes and with a flick of the Glock’s slide release converted my hurt to fury.
“Drop it!” I shouted, jumping into the open bay, my gun straight out in front of me.
The bus was there—I could see it clearly, especially since someone had thrown aside the massive tan car cover that Dad used to protect it. It appeared to be undamaged even though the hulking green and black hood was up revealing the engine and the bi-fold passenger doors were open. A man I’d never seen before wearing head-to-toe camouflage, dark work boots and a ventilation mask stood over the engine. A grimy wrench dripped from his dirty fingers and the butt of a business-like black revolver crested the pocket of his flak jacket.
And near him, close to the garage’s vandalized door was the woman I’d once thought of as a friend, the soft curves of her body visible even in her camouflage, a familiar-looking .22 pistol in her caramel brown hand.
Mrs. Standish had come to Wilson’s Garage—to steal our ride.

back to top
12
Weird Reunions
“Stop right there!” I shouted. I was supposed to wait for Lilly to get into position, but when I recognized Mrs. Standish’s voice, I lost it.
The man facing me was light brown-skinned but I couldn’t have said for certain what his ethic background was in the darkness, only that he had shaved his head and he had the thick muscled arms of a cop or a convict. But Mrs. Standish turned toward me with shocked guilt all over her face.
“Drop the guns!” I hissed. “Both of you!”
“Liam…” Mrs. Standish began. Her face looked gray: her cheekbones carved in sharp angles on her face and there were dark hollows under her eyes. She wore a hood over her hair. The whole thing made her look like Skeletor from the old Masters of the Universe cartoons.
“Drop the guns! Now!” My voice was full of violence, and she knew I was serious. She slowly lowered her weapon to the ground, cutting her eyes at the man—her husband, I guessed.
“Kick it toward me,” I commanded him as I stepped closer and seized Mrs. Standish’s pistol. “Do it!”
Lilly swung into the door way with her rifle pointed, her flat, misshapen face as hard as any child soldier’s anywhere in the world. She took a spot near me, her weapon trained on the man.
“Take it easy, kids,” the man grumbled. He squatted slowly and put his revolver out in front of him. “No one’s going to hurt you—”
“No, you’re not going to hurt me. You’re just going to steal from me,” I hissed, as Lilly scooped up the revolver, stuffed it awkwardly into the pocket of her puffy pink coat and returned. I felt her staring at me, waiting for direction, but she didn’t say anything. She kept her rifle high, but her hand wavered a bit, like she was having trouble. Mrs. Standish’s eyes shifted between the two of us.
“Liam,” she began softly, raising her hands above her head as if that should be enough to convince me to put my gun down. “You’ve got to listen to me, okay? It’s not what you think—”
“It’s not what I think? It’s not what I think?” A fury unlike any feeling I’d ever had before—even that last time with Dad before he climbed into the truck didn’t come back—consumed me. I imagined myself pulling the trigger, watching her head evaporate as her brains sprayed the concrete. “Okay, what is it? What are you doing here? Just making sure everything’s okay, so me and my sister will have a safe trip?”
Mrs. Standish lowered her eyes.
“Come on! Tell me!” I shouted. “If it’s not what I think, what is it?”
“Calm down,” Mr. Standish barked.
“Don’t tell me what to do! Don’t you dare tell me—”
“Mommy?” A little voice interrupted. I couldn’t see the speaker, but the voice was coming from the bus. “Mommy, are you all right?”
Mrs. Standish’s expression morphed like photographs in a digital frame: guilt, fear, pride, and finally a kind of resignation all cycled their turns on her face in a fraction of second. She glanced at me, the skin on the tips of her high cheekbones flaming with shame. “Yes, baby,” she called. “I’m just fine. You two can come out, now. It’s okay—”
“Gabby, are you sure—” her husband began, but Mrs. Standish shook her head.
“I don’t think Liam is going to shoot us, Alex. And we owe him some kind of explanation—” she began just as two little kids tumbled off the bus and ran toward her.
They were twins—maybe four years old—both boys with tightly curled brown hair—dressed identically in dark pants and jackets and sturdy boots. They raced toward Mrs. Standish, glancing at me fearfully before burying their faces in her legs.
“I’m sorry,” Mrs. Standish sighed. “I didn’t enjoy lying to you. Our plan was to bug in—we thought we had enough to last for months. But our house burned…and most of our supplies with it. We’ve been hiding out where we could—but there’s just nothing left here anymore.” Her eyes met mine. “I’m asking you to lower your weapons and let me and my family go. That’s it. Just let us go—”
She stopped and from the change in her face I knew without turning that the others—Amaranth and Nester, Nate and Elise—had stepped into the garage behind me.
“Mrs. Standish!” Nester began, squinting through his glasses in confusion. The shotgun slid back down his shoulder on its strap. “What—”
And then things changed—so fast that I’m not really sure what happened first.
Lilly shuddered violently, then her whole body convulsed and she crashed to the ground, her limbs shaking with spasms of her seizure. Her rifle bounced out of her hand—and the man’s gun tumbled out of her jacket pocket. It was, after all, a fashion pocket, like Amaranth had said.
“Lilly!” Amaranth and Elise rushed toward her and I was thrown off guard. She hadn’t had a seizure in so long, I’d almost forgotten what they looked like or what to do.
“Her head!” I yelled over my shoulder. “Make sure she doesn’t hit her—”
Mr. Standish lunged for his weapon in the split second I turned. I swung toward him, ready to fire, but with a mighty martial arts kiai battle cry that added both power and surprise to the impact, Mrs. Standish was on me, her foot spinning up and out in a round kick that caught me squarely on the side of the face. I staggered backwards, blinded and off-balanced by the pain.
Then, I heard the crunch of metal meeting flesh and scream of pain.
I righted myself and focused, ignoring the throbbing lump rising on my cheekbone.
Nate stood over Mr. Standish brandishing his tire iron, the man’s gun pinned under the sole of his two-toned basketball shoes. “You want some more?” He challenged like a street thug in a hip-hop movie. “Huh? You want some more?”
Standish staggered to his feet, holding his hand like an injured bird. He edged away from Nate like he had serious doubts about his sanity. “Come on, Gabby,” he said to Mrs. Standish. “We’ll find another way.”
“Why—why didn’t you just tell us?” Amaranth asked. She had stripped off her jacket and wrapped it around Lilly who sat on the ground looking weak and dazed in a way that scared me more than anything else I’d seen. “Why didn’t you just—”
“There are too many of you.” Her husband’s voice was deep and gruff. “Every extra mouth matters now.”
“But to just take it?” Amaranth shook her head. “I never thought you could do something like that.” There was heartbreak in her voice—the same feeling I’d had until anger erased it.
“Listen to me. All of you. For us—the people who survived the bomb—these are going to be very difficult times,” Mrs. Standish said. “You know what that sky means, Liam? It means no light. No light means no food. The water is probably contaminated from here to Kansas. There’s no gasoline, except what we can siphon from the cars that aren’t on fire. Just getting someplace where the air is clean enough to breathe without protection and the water is safe to drink and there’s any hope of planting a crop that won’t just wither up and die might take months—and it’s October, Liam. Winter’s coming.” her voice grew soft as though she were already anticipating the white silence of snow. “Truth is, no matter how much you’ve stockpiled, or where your safe house is it’s going to be tough. You’re going to run out eventually. The more people there are, the more mouths there are to feed.” She lifted a slender shoulder and glanced down at her children. “I’m—I’m sorry, Liam. I truly am,” she murmured, taking her boys by the hand. “It’s not personal. It’s just…survival. I would do anything for my family. Anything.”
Mrs. Standish’s face was the picture of desperation. She glanced at me, a plea etched in her eyebrows and she opened her mouth like she wanted to try once last time to explain herself, but I touched the raw spot on my jaw where her heel at caught me and glared at her.
“So would I,” I spat. My face hurt and my throat felt like I’d swallowed something too big for my windpipe. “I’ve got to get my sister out of here.”
She nodded. “It’s the radiation. It’s hardest on the young and the sick.” She glanced at her children and then her husband. “Let’s go. We’ll have to find another way.”
Mr. Standish glared at us like we’d done him wrong, his eyes lingering for a moment on the gun still tightly secured under Nate’s heavy foot. I thought for a minute he was going to try something, but when I raised my Glock again, he thought better of it and followed his family out of the garage.
“What is to happen?” Elise asked, pointing after them. “What is to happen?”
“I don’t care,” I growled and she recoiled like I’d bitten her. “Nester, take a look at Lilly. There’s another medical kit on the bus. Amaranth, take out your pistol and stand by the door in case they come back,” I ordered, scooping my sister off the ground. “Elise, open the bus so I can get Lilly inside.”
The man’s gun dripped from Nate’s fingers, black and lethal. “What do you want me to do with this?” he huffed, slightly out of breath from his efforts.
“It’s yours, buddy,” I told him. “After what you did with a tire iron, I think you’ve proved you can handle it. I’ll teach you how to fire it later.”
Nate beamed. He glanced at Nester for some kind of acknowledgement but Nester ignored him. Instead, he focused on Lilly.
“Has this happened before?” he asked.
“Yeah. But not often. Seizures happen to some Down’s kids sometimes.”
“Medication?”
I shook my head, hurrying up the stairs and onto the bus.
Dad had taken out all but the first row of seats. Behind them, he’d inserted two long vinyl cots that he’d gotten at an auction. He’d bolted one to each side of the bus, creating a couple of beds, almost like the sleeping quarters on an RV. Beyond that a tarp formed small curtain screening another twenty-five gallon bucket for human waste and the storage areas. I’d loaded it enough times to know that there another few months’ worth of MREs packed into the duffels there, along with a half a dozen 36-bottle packs of water, more medical supplies, siphoning supplies to steal gasoline, a couple of spare tires, another pair of radios and of course, more ammunition.
It’s the radiation. It’s hard on the very young, the very old and the sick. Mrs. Standish was talking in my head, but I didn’t want to hear her. If I could have dug her out of my mind like you dig at earwax with a cotton swab, I would have.
I lay Lilly on the green vinyl cot. “What happened?” she asked in a small voice.
“It’s okay, Lil,” I told her. “You’re probably just hungry. And we weren’t getting any exercise in the Hole. It was a lot, trying to walk all the way carrying those heavy cans and stuff—”
“Was that…your teacher? What will happen to them…to the little boys…?”
Fury burned my throat again, but I choked it back. Everything that happened with Mrs. Standish made my insides ache as much as the spot on my cheek where she’d cracked me with her combat boots. “We can talk about that later.” I found the radio and pressed it into her hand. “Here. We’re going to be moving soon. Maybe you can finally reach Dad. Let him know he doesn’t need to get to the Hole because we’re on the way.”
“I’ll see what we’ve got for Lilly in this bag,” Nester muttered, opening the medical kit. “Go start her up. The only truth Mrs. Standish spoke was that there’s nothing for us here, man. Like you preppers say, it’s time to G.O.O.D,”
I bounded off the bus and slid myself under its chassis, feeling for the small magnetic digital lock box where Dad had hidden the keys. Mrs. Standish was still there, throbbing as painfully in my mind as her heel mark did on my cheek. Lilly’s questions reduced my anger to a low burn, and now I felt…I wasn’t sure how I felt. I kept seeing the tears in her eyes when she looked at her twin boys. She’s still wrong, I told myself. She’s still wrong!
I stuffed my flashlight in my mouth so I could see the keypad and typed in the code: “ReDundan_C.” It was Dad’s favorite word for having back up plans for your back up plans. It opened easily and the key dropped into my hands. A moment later, the bus purred to life like it had been waiting for me. I waved Amaranth and Nate away from the entrance doors and pulled out of the garage, feeling as jubilant as if I’d already reached the mountains and this awful ordeal was over.
“All aboard!” I cried, throwing open the doors and watching them scramble aboard like kindergarteners on the first day of school. Amaranth looked a little nervous, but Nate’s broad face flashed a smile of relief.
“Which way are we going?” Amaranth sat behind me and leaned close so that her words were puffs of air in my ear.
“We’re going to take old highway 28,” I told her.
She glanced at the burnt and abandoned cars, downed power lines and trees as I eased the bus onto Main Street. “That’s great…but can you get to highway 28 through all of this? We’ve still got to turn on North Street. You saw all the cars there. Some of them are even on the sidewalks!”
“I think so. We’ve got a cow catcher.” I pressed a button on the dash, lowering the device.
“A cow catcher? What’s that—?”
But the sound of the grate connecting to the rear bumper of a black BMW with a loud metallic bump answered her question. The fancy Beemer shifted and creaked, cantilevering into the car ahead of it, but I kept inching the bus gently forward, little by little until I had cleared us a path.
“This is sweet!” Nate exclaimed. “Can I try it?”
I ignored him, concentrating on moving the cars ahead of us as carefully as possible until we reached the intersection of North and Main where the cars were so thick and so close together it didn’t take long to realize that I needed a new strategy.
“Hold on, everyone!” I yelled, throwing the bus into reverse.
“What are you going to do?” Amaranth yelled over the engine noises.
“Bounce us up on the median—”
“Are you serious? That strip of concrete’s not wide enough for—”
“I know!” I opened the throttle and gunned the bus, racing up to the curb. Amaranth’s high pitched squeal of terror was loud in my ear as the bus’s massive front wheel jumped the curb. I jerked the steering wheel hard and the bus fishtailed wildly, the chassis scraping the concrete like the bottom was going to fall out. Then the left wheel slid off the median strip and back on to the pavement.
“Watch out for the—!” Nate yelled, but it was too late. We flattened the “Do Not Enter” sign and kept rolling, the left wheel on one side of the concrete median strip, the right wheel on the other.
“You’re crazy,” Amaranth muttered. She leaned toward me again and wiped the sweat rolling down my cheeks with the sleeve of her jacket. “And you’re bleeding. I didn’t know Mrs. Standish knew martial arts.” She touched the battered skin at my jaw. “Let me see what’s in the first aid kit—”
“I’m okay,” I muttered, frowning into the work of driving. I didn’t want to talk about Mrs. Standish or think too hard about what had happened. I didn’t want to admit that I actually cared.
“Look!” Nate pointed out of the window to my left. “There are people! Living people!”
Elise ran up from the back of the bus. “People?” In her thick accent, the word sounded odd “peepil” and for some reason I wanted to laugh. “Where?”
Nate pointed.
In the parking lot of an office complex on the corner of North and Main were two people—a man and a woman—running like they’d been doing it for a long time and didn’t have the energy to do much more. The guy was practically dragging the girl, who had long dark hair and wore a white parka with a fur lined hood. He’d seen the bus and waved a bandaged hand at us urgently, quickening his pace as best he could.
“It’s Wasserman and Yamamoto!” Amaranth cried.
“Are they okay?”
“It doesn’t look like it,” Amaranth tumbled down the steps toward the bus doors. “Stop the bus.”
Hell no! The words were in my head, but I managed to keep from saying them aloud. Wasserman had wanted to go—both of them had—and I hadn’t missed his company. The last thing I wanted was to have to listen to either of them on the long drive to the mountains.
“Liam!” Amaranth glared at me. “Stop the bus and open the door! They’re in trouble—”
“Since when do you care?” I shot back. “They’ve been even meaner to you than they have to me—”
“What does that have to do with anything now—now, when there are so few people left alive?” She looked at me like she couldn’t believe I didn’t get that. “Open the door!”
“I guess you think I should have just welcomed Mrs. Standish aboard, too?”
Uncertainty wavered in her eyes.
“I don’t know,” she said softly. “But I know we can’t leave Rod and Amy here.”
“Amaranth…” I looked around for support, but came up empty. Even Lilly wouldn’t look at me.
“Fine,” I muttered, throwing open the doors.
“Hey wait…there are more people!” Nate pointed his pudgy finger so close to my ear he could have stabbed me with it. “See! There are a bunch of them!”
He was right—except for the word people. The things that straggled across the parking lot toward us weren’t people any more. They looked like creatures out of a zombie movie, slow moving sticks of flesh with patches of hair on their balding scalps and oozing blood showing through the threads of their clothing. They weren’t running as much as lurching, their hands stretched out like they were begging, not for brains but for relief. I thought I recognized one—a bald dome head and a tattered gray suit who might have once been Principal Ericson—but I stopped trying to connect the thing I was looking at with the man I had known.
“Dios mio,” Elise whispered, crossing herself and backing away from the front window. She glanced around the bus like she was hoping for a place to hide.
“What—what’s wrong with them?” Nate whispered.
“I’m guessing serious radiation poisoning,” Nester said quietly. “They’re dying.”
“But,” I struggled to understand what I was seeing. “How?”
“They probably came outside too soon.”
“What about now?” Nate murmured. “What about us?”
Nester shrugged and retreated back to the center of the bus as though whether we lived or died held no real interest in him one way or other.
As we stared at the small group of sick pursuers, Mrs. Standish and her family snaked through my mind again.
Wasserman and Amy had reached the doors.
“Go! Go!” Wasserman looked and sounded panicked. His face was pale and sweaty and his eyes were red as if he’d been crying. An ugly scratch bloomed on Amy’s forehead and she was shuddering and sobbing like the prey in a teen slasher movie. It was clear they’d been through something—something terrible—but I couldn’t bring myself to be glad to see either one of them. I glanced back at the radiation zombies. Nester was right, there probably wasn’t anything we could do for them, but I didn’t feel good as I closed the doors. I imagined Mrs. Standish and her family confronting these scarred survivors and shuddered. I didn’t feel good about that either, but I threw the bus in gear and we started to move.

back to top
13
Vote Amy for
Homecoming Princess
“We were afraid you guys were gone.” Wasserman was breathing so hard, he could barely talk. “It—It was bad. Really…really bad.”
He glanced at Amy who sat in the center of the bus crying inconsolably, her head on her knees and her face invisible between her two soot-covered hands. Her white coat was smeared gray with ash and there was a hole in the toe of her designer boot.
“Mom, Mom…” I heard her moan. After our own trek through the streets of our town, I knew what they had found at Amy’s house even before Rod filled in the details.
“In the driveway,” he said softly. “Probably on her way to JFK. It was…it was bad,” he repeated, reaching out to pat Amy’s back, but if she felt the pressure of his fingers, nothing in her demeanor showed it. She continued to sob into her hands, oblivious to everything but her own grief.
“We never made it to my house,” Wasserman added. “But then, I wouldn’t expect anyone to be there. My Mom went to work that morning. In Rockville,” he muttered through the slit of his lips. “She…never would have been able to make it back here before…” He shook his shaggy head of dirty lank hair. “Besides…after Amy saw her mom…like that…and her little brother—” He closed his eyes against the images. “It was bad. Really, bad.”
“What about those people? The ones…”Amaranth looked toward the rear window. We weren’t going fast, but they were moving so slowly they were already just little blurs in the rearview mirror. “Chasing you?”
Chasing was the wrong word and everyone knew it. Those people were too sick to do much more than creep. The phrase the “Living Dead” now had a completely different meaning for me—one scarier than anything in any horror movie because it wasn’t fake blood and elaborate makeup. It was real. I concentrated on the road ahead of me, but I knew I’d never forget what they looked like, never even if I lived a million years.
“I don’t know,” Wasserman shook his head. “They weren’t there and then they were. They were calling us. Begging for food and water. For help…” He wiped his face with his hands like he was trying to wipe away the sound of their voices. “Oh, God…this is just…it’s just…” He shook his head. “Look, Liam. We’ve got to go to Rockville—”
“No.”
“Come on! It’s only a few miles! I just need to see if my mom’s there. I can’t just—just leave without knowing—”
“Even if I thought we could get there—which I don’t, not with abandoned cars all over the road like this—we can’t afford the gas. We’re going to need every bit of it to get where we’re going.”
I bounced the bus off the last of the concrete median. The road in front of me was changing, moving from the commercial parts of our suburb to a grassier, more residential part. The concrete median was replaced by a broad strip of grass with a deep divot in the center that was too steep for the bus. I maneuvered us cumbersomely toward the shoulder, but even here the going was treacherous with cars. I went around what I could and moved the rest but the road was narrowing. Soon these two lanes of traffic would become one and the shoulder would angle into a ditch that we wouldn’t be able to drive on.
That’s what I was thinking about when Wasserman lunged. He grabbed the wheel and jerked it in a U-turn. I slammed on the brakes and all of us heaved forward, sliding toward the front windshield. Behind me, I heard shrieks of alarm.
“What are you doing?” Amaranth shouted, pulling Wasserman out of my face. “Trying to get us killed?”
“I need to go to Rockville and, goddamn it, he’s going to take me—”
“Don’t do that again, Wasserman,” I warned him.
“Or what? What are you going to do—?”
That’s when I punched him. It was in the “good” side of his face, but I really wouldn’t have cared it the blow had landed on the tender burned skin—as long as he shut up and kept his hands off the steering wheel.
Wasserman looked like he couldn’t believe I’d actually raised my hands to him. Then with the grunt of a pissed-off Spanish bull, he lowered his head and charged.
“Stop it! Stop it!” I heard Amaranth and felt her arms around me but she was no match for either of us. Wasserman and I wrestled each other, his head making a shaggy missile in the center of my chest while he flailed away at my abdomen with his right hand, his left hand balled-up and still nearly useless at his side. We fell over Amy, who still sat in a ball in the center aisle. Something bounced off my hip and hit the ground, but I didn’t care. My only thought was hurting Wasserman as badly as I could. I felt almost like if I could just do that—if I could just hurt him—then everything else would be okay.
I pried him off me, and then hit him again—this time on the side where the bandages had been.
He was right: he was joker not a fighter. Even if he’d been whole I probably could have taken him, but injured as he was, he fell back, panting and whimpering, holding his face. I wasn’t proud of myself, but I hated him too much right then to care.
“I’ve told you before. I’ve got to get Lilly to the Mountain Place. And either you can come with me—or you can get out!” I shouted at him. “And that goes for the rest of you, too. Get it?”
Wasserman glared at me out of his one good eye and opened his mouth like he had some smart ass reply. But the words never found breath. One second he was shooting malevolence at me and in the next instant, horror replaced the anger in his features.
I swung around.
Amy stood behind me with a gun her hand. My gun, I realized as I looked down at my holster. She racked it with such calm precision that I realized she knew exactly what she was doing, even though she’d never mentioned having firearms experience before. She pointed the Glock at her own ear, angled upwards so the round would penetrate her skull and explode into her brain.
“Amy, what are you doing?” I demanded, stretching out my hand. “Give me that—”
“You can have it back when I’m done.” Her face was a mess: running mascara and smudged lipstick, soot and blood merged under her swollen eyes and raw nose. A stupid random thought crossed my mind: if she could see herself now, she’d probably drop dead from embarrassment.
It was almost funny, but the calm, determined tone of her voice wasn’t anything to laugh about.
“You don’t want to do this, Amy.”
“Yes. Yes, I do.” She wasn’t crying anymore, not at all. “My mom…was the only person who ever…really loved me…” She lifted her shoulders. “Without her…what—what is the point? What—what is there left—to—to—”
“I didn’t know you knew how to use a gun.” It was lame, but it was the first distraction that popped into my head.
Amy’s eyes locked on me.
“So?”
I shrugged. “You don’t seem like the type.”
Amy frowned. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“You know. Homecoming Queen and all that—”
Amy’s lips scrunched with disdain. It was annoying, but was more like what I was used to seeing in her face.
“You’re a nice guy, Liam, but what you don’t know is just amazing,” she muttered. “I wasn’t running for Homecoming Queen. You have to be a senior to do that. I was running for Sophomore Princess. Part of the court.” She lifted her chin at me like “so there” for only an instant before her shoulders collapsed. “Not that that matters either…” she whispered and her finger twitched on the trigger.
“You know,” Amaranth’s voice was gentler I’d ever heard it—at least when she was talking to Amy. “I voted for you. For Homecoming Princess.”
“Why? We hate each other.”
“True,” Amaranth paced into Amy’s line of vision cautiously, her hands slightly raised as though Amy was considering armed robbery, not suicide. “But I had to vote for somebody, right? And those other chicks?” she snorted. “Dog-faced wannabes. They didn’t have a prayer. You were definitely the prettiest. And, I guess, since you’re going to kill yourself and it doesn’t matter anymore, I can admit that I was always a little jealous of you. I mean, you were pretty, you were popular and even though you play dumb, you’re not.”
Amy glared at her suspiciously.
“True,” she said slowly. “I’m not dumb. In fact, I know exactly what you’re trying to do—”
“Well, yeah, I figured you would,” Amaranth agreed. “I’m trying to stop from you from doing something stupid like killing yourself.”
“What do you care?”
“I don’t. It’s just…” Amaranth jammed her fists into the pockets of her short coat and stared past us all, like she was seeing something that wasn’t there.
“Yeah?” Amy pressed, challenging her to speak, but she lowered the gun just a little like Amaranth had opened just the tiniest crack in her resolve. “If you have something relevant to say—”
“You don’t have the right.” Amaranth said harshly, turning away from her. “You don’t have the right to kill. None of us do—”
“It’s my life. Who are you to tell me—”
“My father killed my mother. Then killed himself. In front of me. When I was five. He was angry because she was leaving and he decided he had the right. To kill her. And himself. And—and—I paid for it. I’m still paying…” Amaranth wouldn’t look at any of us. She rubbed herself like she was cold and talked to the tip of her sneaker. “The people who dropped this bomb thought they had the right. And look at us. We’re all paying for it. Your mom and your brother. And Nester’s Mom and stepdad. Wasserman’s family. All of them—all of the people we knew. People who didn’t do anything.” She looked at Amy suddenly, her eyes dry and her pale lips a hard straight line. “And if you do this, if you blow your stupid brains out on this bus in front of all of us, you’re no better than those bombers. You’re just another killer who’s leaving the rest of us to clean up your mess.” She nodded at me. “Whether she does it or she doesn’t, we have to get moving. If she wants to die, let her get out. Make her get out. And then drive, Harper.”
She turned her back on Amy, the gun and all of us and marched back to the front of the bus, plopping down in the seat behind the driver. She stared straight ahead like we were going on a field trip or something.
Amy waited, but when it became clear that Amaranth was completely and totally done with her, her gaze flicked to me. Her swollen eyes filled with tears again, and when she spoke, her voice trembled like it had been smashed into a thousand tiny pieces.
“Honestly, Liam,” she said, struggling to achieve her usual superiority and failing abysmally. “You need a firearm safety review,” she said, dropping my gun back into the hip holster and buttoning the flap. She patted my shoulder awkwardly and I realized how tiny she was. I probably could have lifted her straight over my head like they did for those cheerleader jumps.
She wiped her face, but the sobs were still in her throat when she asked, “D-did you vote for me, too, Liam?”
“Vote for you?” I asked. Color me clueless, but given everything, I’d completely forgotten.
“For Sophomore Homecoming Princess.”
“Oh…yeah. Sure.”
Her laugh was almost immediately swallowed by a gut-twisting sob. She sank to the floor of the bus, weeping, but this time, when Wasserman slipped an arm around her, she didn’t shove him away.
“Please don’t leave me, Amy,” he whispered his voice trembling. “I…I don’t have anyone else. We don’t—have—anyone else…”
I pretended not to hear as he started to cry.
“Liam?” Lilly grabbed my hand as I passed the cot on my way back to the steering wheel. Her skin was dry and hot and her brown eyes glittered like topaz, but other than that she seemed to have made a complete recovery from her seizure.
“Yeah, Lilly?”
“We’re going to find Dad now, right?”
The journey ahead was two tons of rock on my back. Between the state of the road, the distance and the emotions buffeting us, the bus felt like another Hole I desperately needed to escape from.
“Yeah.” I was exhausted and we hadn’t even begun. “Just close your eyes. When you open them, we’ll be there.”
Nester sat on the black rubber floor mat beside her cot. The medical kit was open, but it didn’t look like he’d found much useful in it. His head was down and I couldn’t see his face beneath the mushroom of soot-sprinkled kinky hair, but when he sniffled softly, I knew he was crying, too—for Amy’s losses, for Amaranth’s and for his own. Elise and Nate were holding hands like sister and brother, fear and sadness rolling down their faces in a wash of tears. Amaranth sat across from them, still and pale as a statue, colorless except for the violent red of her hair and angry emerald of her eyes.
The bus was still running, burning fuel. The gas gauge read “full” but the winding hills of the back roads to the mountains would drain most of it—just as it always had in the past—and that was without having to ride on the shoulder or push cars out of the way.
As I sank into the seat, I caught a glimpse of my own face in the rearview mirror. After a week underground, my skin was the color of a newspaper and spotted with black soot and my eyes seemed gigantic above my cheekbones. I just want things to be the way they were before, I thought, feeling a lump of something I didn’t dare let out rise in my throat. I just wish things were the way they were before. Of course, that would mean going back to JFK: to Wasserman making me miserable and Amy looking through me and Nester running hot and cold. But Mom would come home at 6 pm and Dad would take me out in the early hours of the morning and we’d perch in the deer stand waiting, our breath making white streamers in the crisp air. This time, when he handed me the neck of his whiskey bottle, I’d take a long pull instead of shaking my head and turning away. We’d be a family again—even if we were a family that everyone else thought was crazy.
You don’t have the right. None of us do. Amaranth’s words were in my brain now like a graffiti artist had tagged all the available space behind my eyeballs with them. You don’t have the right. Everything around me proved her right: the blackened trees, the sunless sky, the twisted remnants of cars and damaged buildings. All the dead and the sad forms of the dying we’d run from like specters of our own future. I wondered about the people who’d broken into our house and how long they’d survive here. And then, unwelcome but necessary, I imagined Mrs. Standish and her family picking their way through this hell they didn’t make either.
I almost turned back to go look for them.
But then I remembered how she hadn’t hesitated to kick me in the face and I couldn’t. Something inside me wouldn’t bend that far. It hurt too much—and not just the lump on my cheek.
I hit the gas and the bus jerked forward, taking us away from the place that once been our home.

back to top
14
Out of Gas
“Are we there yet?”
Nate was just about the only person on the bus speaking to me, but I didn’t take it personally. No one had said anything at all for a very long time. He handed me one of the cans of baked beans Amaranth had opened and a spoon and then slid into the seat behind me.
I’d been driving for about three hours—if you could call it that. The bus was heavy and slow and the roads were filled with obstacles. If the speedometer rose above 25 miles per hour for more than thirty seconds, I looked in the rearview mirror like I was expecting a speeding ticket. But we were moving. Slowly, but we were moving.
There were still cars blocking us on this narrow two-lane highway, but these were abandoned, not burned. And there were bodies, too. Not blackened human-like forms but bodies, recognizable as the people they had been when they were alive. They were the remains of the zombies—the living dead we’d seen following Wasserman and Amy—who must have escaped the first horror of the blast only to die from the effects of the fallout over the days that followed. I struggled to avoid running over them, but even with the headlights on high, the sky and ground were so dark that every now and then, when I had to swerve to the shoulder of the road to avoid a car, the tires would thump hard on something and then roll off quickly and I would know, with sickening certainty what I’d done. I thought one of the others might have said something, but from the rear of the bus there was only darkness and silence. Wasserman and Amy still sat near the rear, huddled together, but like Lilly they must have been asleep. Amaranth and Elise sat in the long seat on the passenger side. Their heads were turned toward the window like they were on a leisurely drive through the fall foliage or something.
“That sign said ‘Welcome to West Virginia,’” Nate continued. “It won’t be much longer now, will it?”
Little by little, our surroundings had changed. We’d left behind the clustered homes and townhouses of the residential suburbs not long after Wasserman and Amy had rejoined us. The homes sat further from the road and then they gave way to acres of dead corn or open grazing land. We passed dairy farms and horse farms, their names written on once-white boards in whimsical script: “House in the Woods Farm” “Montgomery Diary” and “Happy Horse Stables.” From time to time, a shuttered gas station or convenience store broke the monotony, but even if we had stopped the smashed windows and dark interiors didn’t invite us in for Slim Jims and Slurpees. From time to time I still had to maneuver around an abandoned car, but on the whole, the population had thinned and with it, the evidence of mass exodus. There hadn’t been a heat wave here: nothing was burned. Instead, the ground was barren with the coming winter and the fields were silent—out of respect or something.
And then at last there was a long stretch there weren’t any bodies or cars at all. There was nothing but the dark gray sky and black soot, just not as thick as we’d seen it before.
Finally even the homes and farms fell away, abandoning the side of the road for thick tree-covered hills. The road sliced through the dark forest, a dull blade of gray glinting dully under the bus’s headlights.
“It’s not much further, right?” Nate repeated.
“We’re not going very fast. At this pace, Nate, I really don’t know.”
My head hurt. So did my eyes, my shoulders and most of the rest of my body. It felt like forever since I’d slept. But all I could think of was the Mountain Place. If I could just keep going—even at this slow pace—we’d be there in the morning. Dad would take charge and they’d all stop expecting me to know what to do—and then getting mad at me for when I didn’t. I could go back to being just another dumb kid who says he can’t wait to grown up, but knows deep down inside that he isn’t ready.
If I could just keep driving, if I could just keep the bus moving forward along the narrow roads of the Appalachians. If I could just keep going…
The bus slowed. I hunched over the wheel and gave the engine a bit more gas, but nothing happened. The bus rolled slower and slower no matter how hard I pressed the accelerator, until finally, it coasted to a stop.
“What’s the matter?”
“Are we there now?”
“Why are we stopping?” The voices rose around me.
“No!” I cried, staring down at the gas gauge. “That’s impossible!”
“What?” Nate and Nester said simultaneously, racing after me as I opened the bus doors and tumbled down the stairs. I yanked the hatch on the passenger side panel where the gas tank lay, but it was too dark and I couldn’t see anything.
“What is it, man?” Nester repeated.
“We’re out of gas,” I muttered. “We shouldn’t be…there should have been enough—”
“It’s leaking.” I didn’t realize that Amaranth had gotten off the bus until she appeared from around its rear end, pointing a flashlight at the ground with one hand and holding Elise’s hand with the other. Elise glanced at me. I wasn’t sure if it was just habit, or if she felt like she needed protection, but she touched the cross around her neck.
“See?” Amaranth continued. “The little drops?”
Little splashes that looked like the first drops of a light rain traced a path from the rear of the bus. I followed them a few yards and realized we’d been like Hansel and Gretel, leaving a trail of precious fuel drops since we left home.
“From driving on the median,” Nester pronounced. “You must have scraped the tank’s bottom on the concrete.”
“Thanks for that Captain Obvious.” Amaranth rolled her eyes at him and Nester let his glare substitute for a snappy comeback. Amy and Wasserman slid off the bus to join the discussion.
“Well, there really wasn’t much choice, was there?” I said defensively. My body ached from the long hours behind the wheel and I could tell by the looks on their faces I was in for another round of arguing and blame. I closed my eyes and sat down on the asphalt, bracing myself against their accusations and the first rumbles of my temper. But to my surprise, I didn’t feel angry. I was too tired for that. The ground was hard and cold, ready for the first mountain snow, but right then, I wanted nothing more than to stretch out on the asphalt and sleep—even if it meant that I’d never wake up again. But I couldn’t. I needed silence and they wouldn’t stop talking.
“So now what?” Wasserman jammed his hands in his pockets and flicked his hood over his head as another brisk gust of wind shook our clothing like we had something it wanted. On the horizon, an angry flash of orange slit the sky for an instant. It didn’t look like lightning, but who could tell anymore. I wouldn’t have known it was after ten in the evening without my watch. Lilly was the only one left on the bus. Sleeping, like I told her to—only I’d promised that we’d be home when she woke up. Instead, I’d have to tell her to lace up her boots and drop a pack of gear on her shoulders. Big brother of the year, that was me.
“We walk, that’s what.” Nester stared out at the road like he could make the trees part and reveal our ultimate destination. “We’re in West Virginia so what have we got—fifteen or twenty miles?”
I shook my head. “Dad’s place is in the middle of the state. The nearest town is place called Kinder. Tiny place. Just a SuperMart, and a couple of fast food joints and that’s about it—” I was rambling, but I couldn’t help it. My head felt like someone was making a furrow with a pick axe through the center of my skull. “Even in a car it takes a few hours from here,” I added. “It’s probably still a couple hundred miles—”
“A couple hundred miles!” Their voices rose like they’d been rehearsing together for months, then each one barked out their solo.
“That will take like—like—days!”
“We can’t carry enough food for that—”
“The woods? Ugh, I hate camping!”
“What if we meet more bad people? How will we protect ourselves—?”
“Let’s say two hundred miles, then,” Nester interrupted when I just stared at them and didn’t say anything. “Carrying as much of the supplies on the bus as we can—food and water and the like—we can probably do two or three miles an hour. Let’s be conservative and say two. With rest breaks and all and leaving some time to sleep—we might be able to move ten or twelve hours a day. So at that pace, we should get there in—”
“Eight to ten days,” Nate finished and when Nester glowered at him, he added under his breath, “You’re not the only one who’s good at math.”
“But…” Elise waved at the sky.
“The air,” Amaranth finished. “Won’t being exposed that long kill us? Isn’t that what you said, Amy? Isn’t that what happened to those…those poor people we saw…”
“I told you everything I know,” Amy stared up the gray sky nervously. She drew her pink scarf around her mouth and nose more tightly as if reminded afresh of the need for caution. “How long has it been?” She asked, quirking the tip of a brow at me.
“Eight days,” I answered dully. Once that hadn’t seemed like very long. Now…
“Eight days.” Amy’s eyes filled with tears but she inhaled and blinked back another meltdown, even though we could all hear the struggle with her grief in her voice. “Well, there’s nothing falling from the sky anymore. It looks like there was a lot less of it here than at home anyway. Maybe the fallout didn’t drift this far west.” She scraped the ground with the toe of her boot. “I don’t even see any—”
“Plenty of things you can’t see can kill you,” Wasserman quipped. I wasn’t sure if he meant it as a joke or not, but no one laughed.
“He’s right. As long as that sky is hovering over us, I don’t think we’re safe.” Amy agreed. “But we don’t really have much choice, do we?”
“Okay,” Nester said as though he’d been elected leader. “If we gotta walk, we gotta walk. Everybody dump out your backpacks. We need to take as much of the stuff Liam’s father stored on that bug out bus as we can. We’ll divide it up so that the stronger people will carry a little more, but everyone will have some basic supplies. As soon as we figure that out, I guess we can go—”
“Not yet. In a few hours,” Amaranth glanced at me. “Lilly’s still sleeping and Liam needs a few hours, too. While the rest of us were dozing, he was driving.” She looked around. On our right, the dark boughs of dense trees rose out of a valley; on the left, more trees rose out of the rocky face of a cliff of slate. “It looks like it might be safe enough to camp on the bus for a while we get ourselves organized.” Her eyes met mine. “What do you think?”
I wanted to be like the guys in the movies: the ones who run down the bad guys—even with broken legs and bullet wounds—and out-stud their enemies to win the admiration of all the chicks. I wanted to, but at that moment, I didn’t even have the energy to thank Amaranth for noticing.
“We should post a guard—” I managed with the last of my functioning brain cells.
“I’ll do it,” Nate pulled Mrs. Standish’s husband’s confiscated revolver out of the mesh pocket on the front of his backpack and checked the round like I’d taught him.
“Thanks, man.” I pulled myself off the ground a little more unsteadily than I meant to and handed Amaranth the keys. “The supply lock is the little one,” I said, then turned toward the bus. “I’m going to check on Lilly. I just need to close my eyes for a few minutes, and then I’ll scout ahead a bit.”
No one said anything—I guess they’d moved on to the sorting and packing job ahead of us—but I felt their eyes on my back as I hoisted myself back aboard the bus.
Lilly seemed to be sleeping peacefully enough. She didn’t look well exactly, but none of us did. I sank onto the other berth and closed my eyes—
“I keep hearing you call it the ‘Mountain Place’ but which mountain?” Amy appeared at the top of the stairs, only her eyes visible in her effort to shield herself from whatever poisons might still be in the air. She sat down in the driver’s seat, touching her fingers on the wheel just long enough for me to see the chipped purple nail polish on them. “I know your Dad has some maps somewhere.”
“In there.” I pointed to a covered pouch beneath the driver’s window.
Amy stood up to retrieve them. The black leggings beneath her tiny cheerleading skirt were dirty and there was a huge hole in one of them that I was sure hadn’t been there before. The skin peeking out of it looked pale and delicate and distracted me for just a second before she sat back down and spread the map out over her lap. “Just where are we going, Liam? What town is it near? What’s the latitude and longitude? And please tell me that somewhere in all this stuff there’s a compass.”
“Lilly and I both have compasses in our bags. And there’s another one somewhere on the supply bins, I’m pretty sure. As for the Place, like I told you, it’s near Kinder.”
“Kinder. Yeah, I see it,” she murmured into the map. “We’re here…so as the crow flies it’s only about 100 miles, northwest. Wait a minute…” She frowned. “I’m looking at the wrong map. This is a railroad map. Freight tracks. Weird.”
“Not weird,” I muttered. “Dad always said that if we had to walk, we should follow the tracks instead of the road. He said the freight lines were older, might be safer and usually followed a more direct route.”
“Too bad we’re nowhere near any tracks right now.” Amy wasn’t really talking to me: she addressed the map, her brow contracting in concentration. “The nearest train station is Lowellstown…”
Her words swam in and out of my consciousness. I heard “follow the road” and “town” and “half the time” before my ears followed the rest of my body and shut down, surrendering to dangerous black depth of sleep.



I was late, wandering the cavernous empty halls of JFK High, looking for my classroom. I peered into room after room, but they were all locked and vacant.
“Hello?” I called turning a corner. “Where is everyone?”
A single door stood open, light streaming out of it like someone was waiting for me. I rushed toward it eager and unguarded. “Anybody here?”
I heard the clicking sound of a slide release and felt steel at the back of my neck.
“You left us, Liam.” She sounded like herself but different at the same time. Deader. I had the feeling that something terrible was standing behind me. Something I didn’t want to see.
A hand clamped down on my shoulder and I turned toward it, expecting to see smooth brown skin. But instead, a skeletal claw gripped me, bits of rotting flesh hanging off the bleached bones. Cold terror seeped into my body. I closed my eyes, unwilling to see.
“I had to. I couldn’t trust you—”
“You left us to die.”
“And you left me no choice, Mrs. Standish. I thought you were my friend. I thought I could count on you—”



“Liam!”
I shuddered awake, reaching for my gun like some Old West gunslinger. For a moment, I didn’t know where I was or what was happening to me, and my sister’s face read as unfamiliar, neither friend nor enemy. “Liam, wake up!”
“What? What? What’s the matter?” The red alerts flashed furiously in my brain and I scrambled up, ready to run. “Are you okay?”
“It’s time to go, sleepy head!” She grinned at me like there were pancakes waiting for me somewhere. “We found some Pop Tarts and I saved you one,” she continued pulling a crushed package of shiny foil out of her pocket. I guess they’d had time to kill, because someone—Amaranth I guessed since the hairdo wasn’t as precise as the stuff I’d seen Amy do—had twisted Lilly’s hair into one long braid. The style didn’t become her: her hair looked weak and thin and her cheekbones rose in such hard angles they threatened to break the skin. She looked very old and very young at the same time.
“How long was I asleep?” I asked, glancing at my watch. “Four hours! Why didn’t anyone wake me?”
Lilly shrugged. “Amy kept saying ‘let him sleep’. And that guy Wasserman kept saying how he’d figured out the fastest route to the mountain and how much time he was going to save everyone—”
I was already tumbling down the stairs.
They had emptied the holds of the bus and now two dozen backpacks and duffels lay lined up in the road, waiting to be shouldered. I wasn’t sure how they’d sorted the gear, it was pretty clear that all the bags were all heavy: my own black go bag was bulging with stuff, and Lilly’s camouflage rucksack looked like it was about to burst its seams. Just looking at the baggage made me tired—it would be a long hard walk.
Amy sat on the longest duffel with the maps spread out in front of her. Wasserman stood over her, my Dad’s shotgun looped over the shoulder of his good hand. He had fashioned an eye patch out of a square of black fabric and tied it over his bad eye with what looked like a bit of shoelace. His burned left hand was now encased in a single black glove. He grimaced as I approached.
“Good morning, Sleeping Beauty,” he wisecracked out of the now-permanent slant of his lips, dislike snaking through the words. “Or afternoon or…” He glanced up at the weird sky. “Whatever it is. Guess we can finally get started. The sooner we get to this mythical Mountain Home, the sooner I can figure out how to find my own family.” He bent and hefted one of the heaviest bags with his right hand. “Nester, if you and Liam can handle the other two—”
“We should stay off the roads,” I told him, ignoring his instructions entirely. “We’re carrying too much gear. That’s like an advertisement that we have food and water. Better to have some cover—”
“And just how are we gonna do that, man? You wanna climb that?” Nester emerged from behind the bus and pointed up at the crag to our right. “Or did you want to go down there?” He jerked his head down toward the trough on the other side.
“Either one works for me,” I replied. “We have rope. We hoist the gear up or down. Rope will make it easier for those who don’t climb, too—”
Wasserman rolled his eyes in Amy and Amaranth’s direction, his single eyebrow set to I told you so.
“Just who are we hiding from, Liam? We haven’t seen anyone. No one. Including all the time you were laying on the bus, taking a nap,” he added sarcastically.
“And hiding in the woods will take us too far from the railroad tracks,” Amy interjected. If we stay on the road, when we get to Lowellstown, we’ll run right into them. You realize that walking the tracks will save us almost fifty miles—”
“That’s about two and half days, man,” Nester added. “These little kids are going have plenty of problems with a trip this long. If we can shave some walking time—”
Nate grabbed two duffels and looped their sturdy handles over his thick shoulders. “I’m ready. You think the McDonald’s will be open in the town? And maybe there will be place to charge my phone—”
Nester rolled his eyes. “You always have to say something stupid, don’t you? And you can’t carry all that—”
“I can, too—” Nate asserted.
“Yeah,” Nester rolled his eyes. “In twenty minutes you’ll be whining like a baby, begging me or someone to take it away because ‘It’s heavy!’”
“I don’t sound like that.”
“Whatever,” Nester grumbled. “Look, man,” he continued, directing his irritation at me. “I get that your pops didn’t like traveling in the open, but this isn’t Afghanistan. No landmines, no snipers and let’s face it, we aren’t exactly a platoon of Marines, if you know what I’m saying. This lot will barely be able to walk the road, forget the forest.”
“I know but—”
“Do you really think Lilly can rappel down there or climb up there?” Amaranth peered into my face, her green eyes concerned. She lowered her voice so that only I would hear. “I don’t know what Wasserman is up to either, but I think he’s right. The road makes sense.”
Amaranth shouldered her school backpack and one of the duffels with a grunt of effort. She stretched out a hand for Elise. The little girl’s Hello Kitty bag bent her back forward but she didn’t complain. Lilly slipped on her go-bag, too. Evidence of her seizure seemed to have vanished, but her attention was absorbed by an all-too-familiar device.
“Breaker, breaker. Field of flowers for Titanium Two. Do you copy, TT? Over.” She lisped into the radio. She looked up at me and smiled. “Dad will be able to hear us, soon. Right, Liam?”
The whole thing felt like shoes on the wrong feet: backward and potentially dangerous. But I had not one ally. Their faces were all set toward Wasserman’s plan.
I sighed, picking up the two remaining duffels. They must have weighed over 50 pounds each—and I couldn’t help feeling that I’d drawn the shortest stick as I slung them over my shoulders.
“Lead the way, Amy,” Wasserman said, not bothering to conceal his triumph. “The sooner we get to town, the sooner I can stop hearing about Harper’s family and go find my own.”

back to top
15
On the
Lowellstown Road
Even on the road, it took us two days to reach the old Methodist cemetery about five miles outside of Lowellstown—and with every step I grew more and more certain that we had made the wrong decision. It wasn’t anything that I could explain: we saw no one—not even when we passed a cluster of tiny homes, set back from the highway. Or when we reached the little country store with the two lonely gas pumps outside it. There were a few cars in the parking lot, but though I tried, their tanks were dry and they were useless scraps of metal. The shop itself was dark and its glass door had been smashed open. There was nothing inside—nothing. The white aluminum shelves were clean of every last Tic Tac, the empty refrigerators barren and already heavy with the smell of mold.
“Whoa,” Nate said, reaching into the cash drawer. “Look at all this money!” He flashed a wad of cash that just a couple of weeks ago would have made him the most popular kid in middle school.
“It is not good. You put down.” Elise shuddered. “I do not like this place. We go. We go now.”
I agreed. The whole time we were in there I had the feeling of being watched even though we walked all through the store and never saw a soul.
We made slow progress. Lilly often lagged behind the group and I deliberately slowed my pace to keep an eye on her. And it wasn’t just that the gear was so heavy that every few steps or so someone had to readjust their burdens. It was the road itself. On the bus, or in a car, the engine compensated for steep inclines of the mountains but the passenger felt nothing. But we weren’t passengers. We were walking, ascending the winding inclines by foot as the grade increased so dramatically that I had to dig in with my hamstrings and lean forward to get up the hills and then struggle against the added weight of the gear driving me down the slopes into the valleys.
“You okay, Lil?” I asked her often. Sometimes she’d answer, but most of the time she nodded sullenly. When we reached the highest point of each of the many, many hills, she whipped out the radio and tried to hail Dad, but by now the hope of an answer had faded from her face again.
“Let’s stop here for a while,” Wasserman panted when we reached the cemetery.
He’d been doing most of the talking for a while, reading the map with Amy and guestimating our location.
“Lowellstown’s over a hundred miles from the bomb’s ground zero,” he said over and over. “There may not be power, but when we get to town, I’m sure things will be closer to normal. There will be police and fire fighters and people to help us. I’m sure of it.”
I didn’t like him any better than I ever had, but I hoped he was right in spite of all the things my Dad always said. “People are civilized for about as long as there’s gas at the pump and food on the shelves, Liam. When the shit hits the fan, there aren’t any police, there isn’t any law and you’re on your own.” If we reached Lowellstown and life was like normal, I’d be almost happy to agree that he’d been wrong…but he hadn’t been wrong about anything else so far. If I hadn’t believed him before, Mrs. Standish’s behavior back at the garage had proved he knew something about how people—decent people, good people—acted when survival was on the line.
I didn’t want to think about Mrs. Standish and her family, or the feeling of guilt about their fate that nagged at my insides with every step. I didn’t want to conjure up the stories my father sometimes told—stories where the unprepared and the trusting met with the circumstances their cavalier attitudes deserved.
There’s got to be somewhere where life is normal, I told myself instead. Why not Lowellstown?


The cemetery was an ancient postage stamp of history protected on all four sides by a stone fence as tall as Elise. The headstones had worn thin and many of the names on the markers had been eaten away by time. The oldness made the place was creepy and I still had eerie feeling of being watched that I couldn’t quite shake even though we’d seen no one. The stillness was as off-putting as the silence: no squirrels chasing each other through the trees, no birds, no insects. Nothing but the sounds of our feet, and when someone spoke, our voices.
“Are you okay, Lilly?” My muscles screamed as I lowered the duffels and pulled out the water bottle I’d been nursing all day. The supplies on the bus were supposed to last our family of four a month: but now there were eight of us and we were walking, burning much more energy than we had expected. The bottled water was already lighter than it had been. In another couple of days it would be gone. There was charcoal in my backpack—and Dad had showed me how to use it to purify water—but it was a time-consuming process that I hoped we wouldn’t have to explore any time soon.
Lilly turned from the radio. “Can we…sleep for a while?” she asked, flicking the radio channels aimlessly. “Just for a while…”
“I don’t think we’re staying here long. We took a pretty long break the last time. Remember? You slept then.”
“I know but—” She stretched out her feet, showing the flap where her cheap suede boot had detached from the sole. “I keep getting rocks in my shoes.”
“There was some duct tape.” I knelt over the duffels. “I’ll see if I can find it—”
The radio crackled and spat. A faint sound like a ghost’s mutter floated out of it.
“Did you hear that?” Lilly asked, hope lighting her face. “That sounded like—”
I grabbed the radio. “This is Number One Son. We did not copy. Repeat your message. Repeat your message. Over.”
We waited, but the voice didn’t repeat.
“It was him!” Relief bloomed in Lilly’s pale cheeks. “I know it was.” She managed a grin. “You were right, Liam. We’re finally close enough. We’ll meet him on the road somewhere and everything…everything’s going to be okay.” She stopped, breathless and exhausted, but faith shone in her face like a beacon.
Elise fingered her necklace and closed her eyes, offering, I suspected a prayer of thankfulness.
I turned away rather than let my doubts taint the moment. We’d only heard the tiniest part of a word—and my best guess was that the word was “supermarket” which didn’t make any sense—and it certainly wasn’t loud enough for me to say with absolute certainty that it was Dad speaking at all. A part of me wanted to point this out to Lilly—so she wouldn’t be disappointed if Dad didn’t come loping up the road with his combat boots laced onto his prosthetic feet. But the other part of me—the part that controlled my body—locked my lips together.
“Here,” I said tossing her the tape. “Do you want me to—”
“I can do it, Liam.” Lilly rolled her eyes impatiently. “I’m not a baby.”
“I know that, Lil,” I said, watching as she circled the shoe with length after length of duct tape sealing the sole back onto the upper.
“Liam?” she asked just as I turned away. “Can I put duct tape on my blister?” She showed me an oozing raw spot on her heel.
“Only if it’s all you’ve got. But it isn’t,” I answered, finding the zippered pouch of adhesive bandages.
“I can do it!” she insisted again, so I left her to her ministrations and sent myself off among the dead.
I found Jenny Mathias who died in 1846, and Elmer Knobb who died as a child in 1816. On a sunny day—a day before bombs and radiation sickness, when food and water were taken for granted and “safety” was just a precaution—walking among these ancient headstones would have ignited my curiosity. But now, they just made me think of my parents and the life that I’d lost. I sat down, leaned my back against a mausoleum rising into the gray sky in memory of Jonas Tom and rested my face against my knees.
Amaranth stalked over to me and sank down on the cold ground beside me, her shoulder touching mine as we shared Jonas’ narrow memorial.
“So,” she said after a long pull at her water bottle. “You going to tell me the story?”
“What story?”
“About what happened between you and your Dad? Why he left... and why you don’t want Lilly to know about it.”
A bitter wind swept over us, stirring the branches of the trees, but not the dull gray clouds.
“It—it’s no big deal,” I lied. “Things haven’t been right since BDGH. Mom finally had enough.”
“BDGH?” A pucker of confusion appeared between Amaranth’s eyebrows.
“Before Dad Got Home. It’s something we say so often, we finally just gave it an acronym.”
Amaranth considered the answer, taking it apart and putting the meaning back together. I wasn’t surprised at all when she asked,
“What was he like…before?”
The memory of a clean-shaven unlined face, dark brown hair buzz cut so short you could see the scalp and laughing brown eyes surfaced briefly, along with the image of myself as a tiny kid—five or six years old—screaming “Daddy’s home! Daddy’s home!” and being lifted by him high in the air surfaced before I squelched it.
“I hardly remember,” I said instead. “I was just a little kid. Besides…it’s not like he can go back, you know?”
“No. I guess not.” She paused. “But whatever it is you feel so guilty about…I’m sure it’ll be okay. I’m guessing it has something to do with…” She swallowed a little like she thought I was going to get mad. “With what happened at Back to School Night?”
I stared up at the sky.  I knew she’d heard all about it—that story went around the school at Twitter-speed—so I really didn’t see the point of re-hashtagging the details. If she expected me to talk about what happened at home after that embarrassment, she didn’t know me very well.
Amaranth was still staring at me, waiting for me to say something. I sighed. “Look, Amaranth…”
The sound of movement in the ring of trees circling the cemetery stopped me. I pushed myself off Jonas’ headstone and stood up, immediately wary.
“What?” Fear froze Amaranth’s features, but she sat completely still as if the slightest sound would betray our position and send another bomb down on us.
“Didn’t you hear it?” I whispered. “That ‘zwack’ noise a dead twig makes when you step on it. And that little rustle like—like the stuff jackets are made of—”
“Nylon?” Amaranth swiveled around, scoping the trees on all sides. “No,” she said frowning. “I didn’t hear anything—”
My hand slid to my weapon as I moved toward the trees bordering the stone fence. Any other time, I might have convinced myself that I imagined it. But everything had been so quiet—there had been no background noises at all—that the sound had been unmistakable. Someone was out there, hiding just out of view, watching us. I was sure of it. I took another step toward the forest, my entire body on high alert.
But I saw nothing. Most of the trees had lost their leaves and stretched bare branches toward the dark sky. If there had been someone there, they had retreated fast and silently and were now beyond my line of sight. Amaranth moved so quietly behind me I didn’t realize she was there until I almost knocked her over.
“What is it?” she whispered.
“There’s definitely someone out there,” I told her in low voice. “We need to get the others and go. Now. Quietly. And—”
“We need to stay off the road,” she finished, nodding. “I understand but—”
“Come on people!” Wasserman cried desecrating the silence with his obnoxious grating voice. I winced.
“Aw, man,” Nate whined. “My legs are hurting bad! And we didn’t even eat anything!”
“Oh just shut up and walk,” Nester muttered.
“Wait,” I began. “I think—”
“Not again, Harper,” Wasserman sighed. “For once can you just go along—?”
“You need to listen to him. There’s someone out there, watching us,” Amaranth insisted.
Wasserman swung his half-face in the direction of the sound I’d heard, squinting like he thought one eye might be better than two. “I don’t see anything.”
“Neither do I,” said Amy.
“Just in case, I really think we should try to get off the road. If we cut through the trees right through there-”
“Not this again,” Wasserman muttered. “Not everyone’s an athlete, Harper. We’re having enough trouble walking the road. The incline’s even steeper in the forest. Just how are we going to drag all this stuff through all that?”
“Besides, it’s not far now. Just a mile or two away,” Amy added, but she didn’t seem as sure of herself. She peered toward the dark trees nervously. “Let’s just go, okay?”
We set off on the road again, but I dropped behind, walking backwards. I heard my father’s voice in my head, narrating the maneuver like a Military Channel voiceover as I scanned the tree line. I saw nothing and heard only the leaden shuffle of our footsteps, but the feeling of someone near, peering at us unseen had grabbed me by the throat and wouldn’t let go.
“I see houses,” Amaranth murmured. “That means we’re getting closer to Lowellstown, right?”
She was right. For an hour, there had been nothing but the road, hemmed in by trees and the cliff on either side. But then, the trees opened up. At first the houses were wide spaced and set far from the black asphalt but as we continued our slow procession, the acreage between dwellings decreased. Some had broken windows and others had busted or missing doors, but the feeling was different than the devastation we’d left behind where it was clear the bomb had caused the damage. These houses looked like someone had knocked their teeth out with a baseball bat. I smelled smoke but I couldn’t see where it was coming from.
The road widened from two lanes to four as we crossed a deserted intersection, a stoplight hanging dark from tangled black wires.
“Look!” Amy pointed.
A vast big box store loomed over the bright familiar logos of a strip mall. “Is that…?”
“Yeah. A SuperMart. Or at least it was. Looks like it’s on fire.”
“Let’s just keep going,” I urged. The feeling of danger pricked at the back of my neck like the hot breath of the Devil himself. “The train depot is probably in the old part of town. We’re still miles from it—”
“You know the way?” Wasserman made it sound like an accusation. Like I was deliberately holding something back to punish them all.
“Not really,” I admitted. “We never spent any real time here. Just went straight through on our way to Kinder.”
“God, how I miss Google,” Amy muttered. She looked scared now, unsettled by the busted up houses and the burning store. “I wish I had a better map—”
“Too bad the SuperMart’s on fire,” Nester grumbled. “They got everything.”
“Had,” I corrected. “Every store—grocery, convenience, big box, drug store—everything we’ve passed has been looted and empty. What makes you think—”
“I want to check it out,” Wasserman said like he was his own private police force. “Come on—”
“We don’t need to. Let’s—let’s just hurry up and get to the railroad tracks,” I insisted. “Wasserman, don’t—”
But he was already marching toward the smoke, Amy trailing him like wake.
“We can least check it out,” Nester said, shrugging. “There might be something we can use, right?”


On closer inspection, the SuperMart wasn’t burning: it was smoldering. The real fire must have started days ago, but now it had worn itself down to a simmer that was more smoke than flame. The brick squares near where the sliding glass doors had been were blackened and the store’s inside yawned at us like dangerous mouth. There were a dozens of abandoned cars in the lot, but nowhere near as many as we’d seen outside the stores at home.
But there were almost as many bodies.
Dozens of them. Scattered over the parking lot like so much trash. Men, women and children. Stabbed and shot, beaten and bloody. The bodies we’d seen at home had mostly been burned, but these people—these people had been in a battle and lost.
“Dios Mio,” Elise whispered, crossing herself. “So many…”
“What happened?” Nate’s eyes were round with wonder.
No one answered—not because we didn’t know, but because we thought we did.
“Cannot we go?” Elise whimpered. “Cannot we leave here, please?”
“Yes,” I said. I dropped one of the duffels. “Climb on, Lilly,” I said bending over for a piggy back. “One of you, drop something and take Elise—”
“Why?” Nester blinked at me, his eyes huge beneath his glasses. “Whatever happened here is over—”
Amaranth bent and Elise climbed awkwardly onto her back.
“What are you doing?” Wasserman demanded.
“Something’s wrong, Wasserman,” Amaranth snapped. “We’re getting out here while we still can.”
“What about the gear?”
“We’re leaving it,” I said.
“You can’t! We need all of that stuff. We’re going to be walking for weeks! We’ll starve to death—”
Lilly’s radio burst to life, startling us all. We were too stunned to completely understand the first few words, but rest came through loud and clear: “They’re in the SuperMart parking lot. Carrying…at least a dozen bags. Can’t see what’s in them, but we’ll find out soon enough. After all, they’re just a bunch of kids.”
“On the way. Over and out,” a rough male voice replied. It seemed familiar to me—and I remembered something that I never should have forgotten about Lowellstown. Suddenly, I wished I’d told Amaranth everything about Back to School night back at the graveyard; then we both would have remembered. But at that moment, it was too late.
“Run!” I shouted and this time Wasserman didn’t argue.

back to top
16
Back to School Night
If he’d worn jeans—or at least long pants—no one would have known about the legs, but of course, Dad enjoyed how his legs, or lack of them, made people uncomfortable.
“The costs of war should make people uncomfortable. You’re going to send men to get shot to bits you should at least be willing to look at the aftermath.”
And of course, just to mess with them, he wore his camouflage flak jacket with SGT Harper embroidered on the shoulder and strutted past the PTA ladies like he dared them to thank him for his service. I prayed they wouldn’t. It was the platitude he hated more than any other and the poor civilian who uttered those words was in for more than she bargained for.
I steered him quickly past their table. Richter stood at the entrance to the auditorium, his arms and lips folded. As we passed him, I heard him mutter, “Take your seats so we can start on time. I got a two hour drive back to Lowellstown.”
I wanted to slip into the back row, but Dad marched all the down the aisle to front where there were many, many empty seats, and parked himself in the second row, not far from where Principal Ericson stood at the microphone waiting for the rest of the parents to stream in. He was talking to the one of the assistant principals, an older lady who wore her slightly graying hair in a style that was popular in the 1980s, but he turned a little as Dad and I entered his field of vision. Recognition flitted across his face as his eyes swept over me, and then he gave Dad a quick blink of curiosity before bringing his weary features under control. He seemed on the verge of reaching over and introducing himself, but the lights blinked on and off a few times and his attention shifted back to the task at hand.
“Welcome, Parents!” he boomed into the microphone with a smile. “Welcome to JFK High School.”
I don’t remember what he said. I slid down low in my seat and wished I had a phone with games or something on it, instead of the basic communications-only device of which I was the not-so-proud owner. From time to time, I turned my head to see if anyone I recognized was there, but from my position at the very front of the auditorium, it was hard to tell.
Amaranth had already told me that the case managers at the group home where she lived didn’t attend events like this, and her social worker had already talked to her counselor.
“Besides, she’s got kids of her own. If she’s going to an Open House, she’s going to theirs.”
“Do you like her, your social worker?”
Amaranth blinked at me. “Am I supposed to?”
“I don’t know.”
“Neither do I.”
I wanted to ask more questions, but I didn’t. In almost every conversation we’d ever had there was the moment when my questions ran up against a brick wall. Pressing for answers would break some invisible barrier between us and she’d stop talking to me altogether so I always let it go. I didn’t know why it mattered so much that Amaranth kept talking to me—except that she was pretty, mysterious and unlike any girl that I’d ever met which, since I’d turned ten, was probably about three girls total.
I sat still, trying to hide in plain sight, oblivious to what was going on and wishing it was over already when all of the sudden, Dad stood up.
I’m guessing that Principal Ericson had concluded his remarks with something like, “Any questions?” which is innocent enough if your parents have been trained not to actually ask any questions.
“Yes, I have one, sir,” Dad began. He seemed louder than usual. Either that or the whole auditorium had gone as silent as the beach after a shark attack. “It’s about security.”
Oh God. If it were possible to slip down onto the floor and crawl out of the place like the building was on fire, I would have done it. But Dad must have seen me cringing out of the corner of his eye, because he muttered, “Son, sit up straight,” and clamped a hand on my shoulder, all the while skewering Principal Ericson with a sharpshooter’s gaze.
“Of course.” Principal Ericson bounced on the toes of his black dress shoes just a little, and I could almost see his mind racing under the dome of his forehead. The guy had probably dealt with a few billion difficult parents in his career, and he was already running through his strategies for moving Dad along. He must have decided to get ahead of the question because he announced loudly into the microphone, “The question is about school security, no doubt in the wake of some the unfortunate incidents we’ve seen on the news. Parents can rest assured that we take the safety of our students very seriously—”
“No, you misunderstand my concern, sir.” Dad was being extraordinarily polite and uber-respectful. To the uninitiated ear, he sounded reasonable and intelligent. I, on the other hand closed my eyes and covered my face with my hand, preparing for the shredding verbal attack I knew would come.
“Oh?” Ericson’s eyebrow arched up his forehead.
“No. I’m more interested in biological attacks.”
Principal Ericson’s nervous smile froze on his face. “B-Biological attacks?” he repeated.
“Yes, sir. Biological and chemical attacks are twenty-first century terrorist weapons. Easy enough to do and not the kind of thing you’re going to pick up on a metal detector. Students—or visitors or even staff—could carry in some awful disease in their lunch pails.”
“Their…lunch pails. I see.” Principal Ericson frowned. He looked around the room like he was hoping for the Calvary, but instead, I saw Mr. Richter and a couple of the other security guards take positions in the nearby aisles. “Well, thank you for pointing that out, uh, Mr. Harper. It’s something we’ll definitely have to look into—”
“You should. For example, let’s just suppose for the sake of argument that someone brought in a backpack tonight. Like this one.” He lifted his black ruck sack off his shoulders and showed it first to the principal and the audience. “We walked through your lovely metal detectors without triggering the slightest response, but no one knows what this bag contains. No one, that is, except me.”
No one…except for me.
The way he said those words made the room suddenly quiet. I looked around. Mr. Gary was murmuring something softly into his radio and backing toward the exit doors. Every so often, he leaned into the rows of people, whispering instructions. People got up and started toward the exits.
“Dad…” I hissed. “Cut it out. You’re scaring people.”
“These people should be scared, Liam. It’s a dangerous world and most of them aren’t prepared. Not at all.”
Sweat populated Principal Ericson’s pale dome.
“Now, Mr. Harper—”
“I realize your security folks can’t search every bag at every school event. And some might even protest on the grounds that their privacy outweighs the possibility of catastrophe—” Dad shook the bag to emphasize the word “catastrophe” and the principal stepped back.
“Dad—” I interrupted more loudly this time. “You’ve got to stop. Now!”
“I’ll never stop, Liam. Education is the only way to save lives—”
“NOW!” A voice yelled from behind me. A purple shirt dove over the row of chairs behind me and knocked the rucksack from my Dad’s hands, then grabbed him around the neck in a chokehold. There was just the slightest moment of hesitation before Dad flipped him easily, sending him over two rows of seats and onto the thin carpet at Principal Ericson’s feet. I recognized the body inside the shirt as Mr. Richter’s, but I didn’t have much time to process the fury on his face before two other security officers rushed us.
Dad stopped one with a titanium roundhouse to the chest that sent him plummeting backwards. And I had already landed a punch to other’s throat before I realized I’d hit Mr. Gary. His brown face went pink and he sank to the floor, making sickly, strangled noises.
“I’m sorry,” I cried, bending toward. “I’m sorry. It’s just you startled me—”
And that’s when the police officers showed up. I heard a rustle of noise behind me—like a collective sigh of relief—and saw about a dozen uniforms entering the auditorium with their side arms drawn.
“Raise your hands over your head!”
Dad glanced around him, stunned both by the presence of the officers and their number.
“I think there’s been some kind of misunderstanding,” he began lifting his hands above his head.
“You, too!”
I complied. Principal Ericson sank into his chair. He pulled a large white handkerchief out of his trouser pocket and mopped his massive forehead anxiously. Richter scrambled up off the floor and glared at us, an ugly blue vein bulging on his red forehead. Mr. Gary was still down—I’d hit him Krav Maga style, a dirty blow. A couple of parents hovered over him, offering assistance.
“I’m okay, I’m okay,” he rasped over and again, still rubbing his throat.
“What’s in the bag?” The officer closest to my father demanded. He looked like he might have been about Dad’s age and his upper body had the same weight lifter’s bulk. I could see his nameplate—M. Kasavian—and that he held a Glock 19-C, the same gun Dad had bought me for my twelfth birthday. “The Bomb Squad is on the way—”
“Bomb Squad?” Dad stared at the man like he was insane. “Is that what you think? That I’d bring a bomb to my kid’s school? It’s a go-bag, you idiot. It has a flashlight, some MREs and other stuff I’d need if the sh—I mean, stuff—hit the fan and I wasn’t at home.” He nodded toward the bag. “Open it.”
The officer hesitated.
“Okay, I’ll open it,” Dad grumbled, pushing past the man, gun and all.
“Stop! I will shoot you—”
“You will not, Kasavian,” Dad muttered, gimping toward where the bag lay.
“Sir—”
“You will not, Kasavian,” Dad repeated, bending awkwardly to snag the rucksack. He yanked the zipper quickly and upended the bag.
A disposable Tyvek Hazmat suit, still in its plastic bag, a flashlight, a small first aid kit, a lightweight respirator mask, a pouch that I knew contained a flint and steel kit for starting a fire, a couple of bottles of water and several packs of military MREs, a length of rope, some duct tape and a two-way radio. The most dangerous item of the lot was a three and half inch Swiss Army knife, its tools all folded into its worn black body.
Officer Kasavian lowered his weapon.
“Okay,” he said, sounding relieved. “Let’s see if we can figure out what happened here—”
“I’ll tell you what happened here!” Richter barked. “This crazy man assaulted me and I intend to press charges! Arrest him! Arrest him right now!”



I told Amaranth as much of it as I could as we ran.
“Why are you telling me this now?” she panted.
“Because unless I’m seriously mistaken, I know that voice. The one on the radio. And so do you.”

back to top
17
The Battle
of SuperMart
The SuperMart sprawled over a mammoth piece of land—probably the size of a couple of football fields—and the parking lot was at least a couple more. We took off running, jumping and dodging the carnage of dead people like video game avatars trying to survive to the next level. But even without the gear we left behind, the tree line was further than it looked. It was like a nightmare I used to have as a kid—where I was running as fast as I could but my destination kept getting further and further away.
Then I heard the engines.
It had been so long since I’d heard the sound of an engine that the high-pitched whine seemed as strange and out of place as a space ship setting down on the SuperMart's roof.
“Those aren’t cars—” Nester panted at my side.
“Motorcycles. Or ATVs,” I replied as the sounds ripped at the silence, growing louder and louder as our sneakers pounded the asphalt. The trees were just ahead of me—a strip of forest that hadn’t been claimed by SuperMart and the growing borders of the town yet—but I doubted it was particularly dense or deep. Even when we reached it, we’d need a plan or we’d be caught easily, tracked by the sound of feet among the dead branches and leaves. I looked behind me—just as Amaranth tripped and fell face first into the concrete, spilling Elise off her shoulders.
“Go! Go!” she hollered at Elise. “I’m all right! Just go!” The little girl sprinted on, her dark eyes round with fear. She glanced over her shoulder as Amaranth slowly pulled herself up off the ground and started hobbling toward after her.
“Come on, Amaranth! Amy, help me!” Nester yelled as he raced to Amaranth’s aid. Amy zigzagged over to him and the two of them proceeded to half-drag half run Amaranth toward the tree line. Wasserman and Nate brought up the rear. If they’d been swimming, the lifeguard would have had to get wet: they were flailing and panting and way too far away.
“Hurry!” I shouted back at them. Using the last burst of my strength, I sprinted into the dark shade of the forest and sank to my knees, rolling Lilly off my back. It was pointless to try to disappear deeper into the woods, I realized, pulling my gun out and checking the magazine. If we had any hope of getting out of this, we’d have to make a stand.
“Liam,” Lilly began, but I raised a finger to my lips, signaling silence. She nodded, her chest heaving, her brown eyes wide with terror. I locked eyes with Elise, signaling for her to stay down and quiet. I gestured to Lilly’s weapon and she lifted her .22 rifle out in front of her with shaking hands. This time, when Elise closed her eyes and her lips started moving in prayer, I joined her in spirit.
“Come on, come on,” I whispered urgently as the rest of our group ran toward us.
They were in deep trouble. Nate was so out of breath he’d given up running. He held his chest like he was having a heart attack and looked like he might just pass out. Wasserman, for all his bragging, wasn’t doing much better, but now I saw that he’d grabbed the bags Amaranth and I had abandoned, hoping to save the stuff—and his skin, too. Nester, Amy and Amaranth were close but—
Four all-terrain vehicles burst around the corner of the SuperMart with two men squeezed on each of the single-rider vehicles, one driving and one balanced on the rack brandishing an assault rifle. Within seconds, they had surrounded our companions, forming a loose circle that cut them off from us and the relative safety of the trees. One of the ATVs was only a few feet in front of where Lilly, Elise, and I lay on the ground, too scared of betraying our presence to move or even breathe.
Two men swung off the ATV nearest to us. It was a battered looking thing: old and more than a little rusted, like it had been sitting unused in someone’s garage for the past decade and had only been reclaimed now because there was a little gas left in it. The men who hopped off of it looked like they’d been in someone’s garage for a while, too. One was tall and thick—a massive bald dude whose shoulders were probably three of me. He would have been a beast if hadn’t been for the beer gut hanging over the waistband of his jeans. I nicknamed him “Bulk” in my head. I called the other guy “Red Jacket” because of the stained red lumberjack coat he wore with the collar turned up toward his ears against the cold. He looked like the kind of loser who panhandles for change on street corners, half-stoned and pathetic during one cycle of the traffic light, violent and incoherent at the next. The other men had the same Seven Dwarves of Bad News look: Creepy and Sociopath hopped off an ATV just behind Nate and Wasserman. Moron and Yes-Man rolled to stop near Amy, Nester and Amaranth. Spineless and Thick Skull filled in the gaps.
The bloodbath in the parking lot was beginning to make a lot of sense.
That’s more gun than anyone needs, outside of a war zone, Dad said in my head as I inspected their assault rifles. That gun has only one purpose: to kill people—lots of people.
Wasserman lifted the shotgun and swung it from man to man to man like he could pick them off one by one.
“It’s okay! It’s okay!” Sociopath yelled. Of all of them, he looked the most normal—almost like someone’s Dad in his jeans and North Face jacket. Only the way he stood—with his legs wide like a gunslinger in the Wild West—gave him away as a nutcase. “You don’t need that weapon, kid. No one’s going to hurt you. We just want what’s in the bags, okay?” He tried to sound nice and friendly—at least as nice and friendly as a man can sound while pointing a deadly weapon in your face.
“How about you put yours down first?” Nester tried to sound like he wasn’t scared, but his voice trembled a little.
Sociopath chuckled. “Son, I bet you got good grades in the old world.” He raised his assault rifle, sighting it on Nester’s monstrous afro. “But, this is a brave new one. Get it? I see that pistol you’ve got. Put it down, okay?”
“Yeah. Sure,” Nester muttered, laying his pistol on the ground reluctantly. Nate sank to the pavement on his hands and knees, gasping. His weapon lay abandoned a few feet away. Amy hesitated, and I knew she was considering the tactical options by the way she turned her head to assess the others. I made a mental note to ask her more about what she knew and where she learned it—sometime maybe when we were out of danger, if that ever happened. But at last, with a defeated sigh, she pulled my Mom’s old Beretta that we’d found on the bus out of her jacket. She laid it on the ground and then kicked it toward the goon I’d nicknamed Moron because of the way he held his pistol with his fingers too close to the barrel. One day he would accidentally shoot them off—today, if we were lucky.
“Put it down, Rod,” she yelled at Wasserman. “Let them have the stuff and maybe they’ll just let us go—”
“No!”
“Don’t be stupid, Wasserman,” Lilly whispered through her teeth, the lisped ‘S’ sounds running into each other. “Listen to Amy. Drop the shotgun…”
“Rod—”
“No! This—this stuff is ours. We haven’t been dragging it through the mountains for the past two and half days just to let some—some suburban street gang steal it from us—”
“Listen, son…” Sociopath advanced on him with a smile that could have gotten him cast as the serial killer in any episode of CSI ever made. “You can either put the gun down…or you can get yourself and all your friends shot. Up to you.”
Wasserman shook his head. At first I thought he was being stupidly defiant until I saw his shoulders shaking. “It’s not fair,” he shouted in wild desperation. “If you take the stuff we’re as good as dead anyway, right? No,” he sobbed. “You…are…not taking our stuff. You are not. You are just going to have to kill me now because I’m not going to let you take it. It’s just not fair—”
The sound of another engine interrupted him. A fifth ATV rounded the building with only one man on it, dressed from head to toe in black, including a black helmet with a mirrored visor. The way he parked the bike and swung himself off it made me think of Mad Max.
He was the leader; the other men seemed to shrink a bit as he “big dog” swaggered into the circle. He lifted his helmet and showed us all what a bulldog looks like when it tries to smile.
Mr. Richter, the security guard from JFK High School—the one whose assault charges had bought me and my Dad a night in jail and who I’d caught pressed against Amaranth like he was in heat—strutted in front us like a black leather peacock. He was what I should have remembered. At least half a dozen times in my hearing he’d said something about commuting from Lowellstown. This was his home territory…and unless the End of the World had changed his personality for the better, that couldn’t be good for us.
“Well, well, what have we here?” he said. Richter walked right up to Wasserman and yanked the shotgun out of his shaking hands. “It’s good to see you, Rod.” Richter peered sympathetically at his face. “Seen a lot burns like that lately, sorry to say.” He spun on a black booted heel to inspect the rest of the group. “Amy Yamamoto and Nester Bartlett. Is that your little brother, Nester? Well, thank goodness there aren’t any more quarter pounders in your future, right, young man?” He quipped and his goons chortled.
“Mr. Richter!” Amy didn’t seem to understand the trouble they were in. “Oh thank God, you’re here. We saw all those bodies and then these men with guns came after us and we were so afraid—”
“You were afraid of what, Amy? That mean, bad men might get you?” His laughter made my spine contract.
Amy stepped backward, the joy sliding off her face. She glanced at Amaranth, but Amaranth only sank to the ground in defeat, stretching her sore ankle out in front of her.
“You—you don’t mean—you can’t—” Amy stammered, turning back to the man. “Mr. Richter, please, please—”
“Oh! So now you know my name,” Richter hissed. “Back at the high school, you were too busy laughing at me with your little girlfriends. I guess I’m supposed to forget that. After all, you’re still growing. Just kids, being kids, right?” He barked out another ugly laugh.
“But how? How did you get here?” Nester asked.
“I live here, Bartlett. Every damn day for eighteen years, I’ve gotten up at 4:30 in the morning and driven my beat up nineteen-year-old truck an hour and a half so I can be patrolling the parking lot by the time your Mommy drops you off there in her BMW at 7:00. But guess what? The truck finally died. On the day the bomb dropped. Couldn’t get to school. Guess I’m what you call the luckiest man in the world, huh?” He laughed again, and then stopped, his jowls sloping into a frown. “The question is how did you all get here?" We haven’t seen many…refugees…in a while. There were hundreds in the first few days. Walking and driving up, expecting to just plop themselves in our town and use up our resources. But…I think we’ve discouraged that now, haven’t we, gentlemen?” The men laughed again. Richter craned his short neck toward the tree line. “Where’s Liam Harper? I’m sure you would have burned or starved like most of your classmates did without him and his crazy old man.” He turned toward the trees. “Hey, Harper! Come on out!”
“Do you know him?” Lilly whispered from our tree-covered sanctuary.
“Unfortunately, yes.” I kept still but my mind was racing. I didn’t want to reveal myself until I knew what Richter planned to do. Much as I hated to lose it, he could have the stuff. I was worried he might do something worse. Much worse.
“I know your weakness, Harper!” Richter shouted, pacing toward Amaranth.
“W-what do we do?” Lilly asked.
“I don’t know,” I whispered.
“You look terrible, Amaranth. Did you hurt yourself?” He squatted in front of her and ran his hand down the length of her leg, then twisted her bad ankle so sharply she cried out. “Yeah, that’s a bad sprain.” He snuffled her, and then grimaced. “And you smell like you haven’t had a bath in weeks. No showers, huh, Harper?” He yelled over his shoulder, twirled a few strands of Amaranth’s auburn hair in his fingertips. “But she’s still a pretty girl. A little dirt couldn’t change that.” He smiled at her. “You’re in my town now. I can take real good care of you here. We got food. We got water, a couple generators that are still running. All the comforts of home…if you’re willing to be nice and tell me where he is.”
Amaranth’s lips trembled. It looked like she might burst into tears, but only for a few seconds. Her thin features hardened into the look I’d seen on her face a thousand times since the first day of school. I half expected her to dive for the trees sprained ankle and all.
“Well, you know me, Richter. I don’t do nice.”
Richter’s hand flashed out and Amaranth’s head rocked on her neck with the force of the blow. Elise jumped at my side, barely suppressing a cry of sympathy and outrage. Right then and there, I could have blown his head off without the slightest guilt and I would have—if I hadn’t been sure it would get the rest of my friends killed.
“I don’t do nice, either,” he muttered. “We’re the same, you and me.” He turned toward the others like a military commander inspecting his troops. “Okay,” he continued. “Now I hope you all understand how very serious—perilous, in fact—your situation is—”
“But Mr. Richter,” Wasserman snapped to life. He wiped his face quickly and lifted his hands in surrender, twisting his mangled face into his best version of a harmless grin. “We’re not trying to take anything from your town. Honest. We—we—we’ll leave everything. The guns. The gear. Everything. We’re not taking anything. We’re bringing you gifts!” He tried to laugh but it came out more like a sob. “Just let us go, man. Let us go—”
Richter shook his head in amusement. “Wasserman, this isn’t the high school where you get to lord around the school playing stupid pranks and then hiding behind your mother’s good name. I do appreciate the gifts. But understand me: I will shoot you. I will shoot all of you if you make it necessary. Now, where’s Harper?”
“W-why? What do you want him for?” Nester asked.
Richter paced the circle until he stood in front of Nate. He pressed the barrel of his weapon into the soft skin under Nate’s chin.
“Do you understand what has happened to us all, Mr. Bartlett?” Richter said. “Even with our…precautions…and the culling of undesirables from our community, we have quite a few mouths to feed here in Lowellstown. We’ve commandeered every available resource: vehicles, gasoline, food, medicines, water—everything necessary for survival. But that’s not going to last long—and there will be no supply trucks. There will be no restocking. What we have—and what we can take—is it.” He leaned close to Nate. “We all know that Liam Harper’s daddy’s got a big stash somewhere. I want to talk to him about that. I get answers, I might let you leave. If I don’t…” He shrugged. “Well, let’s just hope I can get some answers. We’ve been tracking you since the old cemetery, so we know there were eight of you and we know you were with Harper. So don’t bother telling me any different.” He looked into Nate’s frightened eyes. “Now, where is he?”
“I—I—” Nate stammered.
“Gone,” Amaranth said. “Probably half an hour ahead of us or more. We-we decided to stop at SuperMart but they kept going. We thought maybe we’d find supplies or a map or some help—but all we found was you.” She spat the word out like it was spider that had somehow crawled down her throat. “He’s gone.”
Richter holstered his gun and stalked toward her, yanking her by the hair. “If you’re lying to me you little slut, you’re going to lose my protection. First I’ll share you with all these gentlemen, and when their through with you, I’ll choke the last breath out of you, you understand—”
“She’s not lying,” Amy yelled. There were tears running down her face, but her voice was steady. “He told us not to come here, but we did anyway. By now, he might have found some gas and started back. To the bus—”
Richter shoved Amaranth so hard she fell to the asphalt on her hands and knees. Through the splayed legs of the dudes with the big guns, her eyes locked on mine, sending a desperate plea for help.
“Oh yeah, the bus,” Richter laughed. “How could I forget the bus? So where is it?”
“Two day’s walk on the road,” Nester offered, pointing vaguely in the direction we’d come. “We had to leave a lot of stuff. Couldn’t carry it—”
“And where were you carrying it to?” Richter asked. “What’s the ultimate destination?”
“His family’s got this farm in the mountains,” Nate offered.
“Where?”
“Near Murcerville,” Amy said. It was a lie—Mercerville was far south of the Mountain Place, but Richter’s eyebrows shot up and a little smile lifted his heavy cheeks.
“Yeah? So Harper’s headed to this mountain haven.” He considered for a moment. “Is his Dad there?”
I couldn’t see the good side of Wasserman’s face, but I could feel him thinking, bouncing his next words off the walls of his brain like a cue ball looking for the side pocket.
“No. We haven’t heard from him yet.”
Richter’s face relaxed. He nodded at Spineless and Moron. “Go back down Route 662 and find that bus.”
I half expected them to click their heels together and salute, but it was enough that they hopped on their ATV and roared away without question.
“We got to do something, Liam,” Lilly whispered.
“I know,” I muttered. “But there’s six of them…and that guy’s a nut job. I don’t think he’s bluffing. He will kill them—”
“I have…idea,” Elise interrupted. As quietly as she could, she began a detailed pantomime, sprinkled with the words she knew.
It was dangerous—and probably would get us all killed. I searched my brain for a better idea, but there was nothing in there nearly as good as Elise’s suggestion. She stared at me with her dark eyes huge in her tiny face, waiting for me to bless her. I nodded and tried to smile encouragement, even though I hated that our only hope of saving our friends fell on such little shoulders.
“Any time you’re ready, Elise,” I murmured, squeezing her shoulder. “Good luck.”
You’d never guess such a petite little thing could scream so loud. Inside, she must have been all lungs because she set off running with a shriek that made Lilly cover her ears. Every head jerked toward the sound, including mine. Elise’s scream was so bloodcurdlingly awful I almost forgot she was doing it on purpose.
“What the hell—” Richter shouted, turning toward the woods.
“Liam! Liam! Help! Help!” Elise shrieked and I had to remind myself that she was still faking.
“Liam?” Richter pulled Amaranth off the ground. “Gone, huh? Half an hour, huh? You lying bitch!” he screamed. Then he punched her hard in the face—and this time even the thugs winced. Except Sociopath. He grinned like he thought it was funny that Amaranth went down like a rock. She hit the pavement and lay there, not moving.
“I am going to kill him,” I muttered, my hands tightening around my gun. At that moment, “him” could have been Richter or Sociopath—or any dude who could watch a man smack a girl like that and stand there doing nothing. I probably would have forgotten the plan and charged if hadn’t been for Lilly. She grabbed my arm and shook her head, gesturing for me to lie still, be quiet and wait.
“Go get them,” he told Bulk and Red Jacket. “I want Liam Harper alive, but if you have to kill the others…” He shrugged. “I’ll get over it.”
Lilly nodded her head at me, signaling her target as the men launched themselves into the woods, following the sound of Elise’s screams. They weren’t looking for us, lying on the forest’s carpeted floor and so they hurried past us, Bulk leading the way.
I fired first, aiming for Red Jacket’s left knee cap. He grabbed his leg and collapsed with a scream that was swallowed by the sound of Lilly’s shot as it nailed Bulk in the shoulder. He dropped his gun and started cursing, turning toward us like a wounded bull. Lilly and I fired almost simultaneously, like we were at the range, competing against each other for the best shot—and he went down.
We hit the dirt just before Creepy and Sociopath aimed their weapons, firing wild and blind into the woods like muscle in a gangster movie. But they couldn’t see us under the cover of the trees and weren’t very experienced with the weapons. Lilly and I cowered under the onslaught of whizzing bullets and shredding trees, our faces in the dirt, hands over our heads.
“Stop shooting! Stop shooting!” Richter screamed. “You’re just wasting, ammo, you idiots!”
The two men stepped back. We could hear Red Jacket groaning and cursing, begging for help, but Richter seemed completely uninterested in his predicament. He grabbed Amy and thrust her in front of him, pressing his gun to her temple.
“Harper!” he yelled. “I wouldn’t do that again, if I were you. You hear me?” He nodded to his accomplices in terror. “Gentlemen, unless you’d like to join our unfortunate friends who are bleeding on the ground, I’d suggest you get yourselves shields. Like mine.”
They took the hint. Sociopath hugged Wasserman like they were engaged and Creepy spooned Nester so completely I couldn’t have taken a shot at him without killing my friend. Looking at them—such a cruel and mean-spirited gang of bullies—and knowing that they’d just roam what was left of this nice little town, hurting and killing and stealing because they had big guns and not the slightest hesitation to use them made me think of what Amaranth had said about none of us not having the right to kill. She was probably right: but I wasn’t going to be the first to put my gun down. Not with my friends being held hostage by a bunch of thugs.
Only Nate was left alone. He sat on the ground staring up at the others in bewilderment like he’d been left standing when the teams were picked for basketball.
Richter frog-marched Amy toward the tree line.
“Harper!” he shouted. “Resistance is futile, son. Why don’t you come on out so I don’t have to shoot your friends.”
I tensed, but Lilly patted me again. I forced myself to wait.
“This is your last chance, Liam,” Richter said. “Come out here on the count of three or else we’ll have more brains than a zombie fest on the asphalt here.”
“Don’t do it!” Nester shouted from the parking lot. “He’s just gonna shoot us anyway—”
Creepy whacked him with the butt of his weapon and Nester’s knees buckled.
“Let my brother go!” Nate hollered. Faster than lighting and just as unexpectedly, he was up and running as fast his stubby legs would carry him. He charged Creepy head first, grabbing the man with all the momentum of his speed and weight. Caught off guard and thin as Creepy was, he was no match for Nate. He tumbled face first onto the pavement and his gun clattered out of his hand.
“Ayah!” Wasserman cried as he stomped hard on Sociopath’s foot, and then slipped out of Sociopath’s choke hold like a black belt. He whirled around, his foot flying out in a kick worthy of The Matrix. The smiling man’s gun skittered away from him and Wasserman scooped it up. In a flash, he had pressed the barrel into the base of Richter’s skull.
“Let her go!” he screamed. “Let her—”
“Now!” I hollered and Lilly and I scrambled to our feet, crashing out from our cover and onto the asphalt, pointing our guns at Richter and his goons.
Richter ignored us. He held Amy tightly, flicking away Wasserman’s assault rifle like it was a bothersome mosquito. He glared at me with the same malevolent look he’d given me for far lesser offenses.
“I’m impressed,” he said, but he sounded furious. “I wouldn’t have thought a sorry-looking bunch of kids like you would have this much guts. But it doesn’t matter, does it?” He jerked Amy’s hair so hard, she cried out. “Drop your guns. All of you.”
No one moved.
“Drop ’em!” he yelled. “Put them down; you’ll all have Miss Yamamoto’s blood on your hands—!”
The whine of distant engines interrupted him and Richter smiled. “You didn’t think that was the whole gang, did you? Six guys? No way. Since the bomb, it’s obvious only the strong will survive. And we’ll survive even better if we all band together. All this shooting was better than a flare gun for bringing reinforcements. Thank you all for that. In mere seconds, this going to be a very different ballgame.”
Nate and Nester, Lilly and Wasserman, even Amy—all of them stared at me, waiting for my next idea for getting us out of this. I was waiting for that, too.
“So what’s it going to be? Am I going to shoot Ms. Yamamoto? Yes, you’ll shoot me, but then the rest of my men will hunt you down one by one. Because that’s the outcome we’re looking at…unless we cut ourselves a little deal?”
“What kind of deal?” Wasserman hissed. His burnt face was a scary mask of fury. “What do you want?”
“Simple,” Richter said. “All of you go free. Every last one of you. I’ll personally escort you safely to the town limits. You can even have your supplies back.” He jerked his head toward me. “All I want is Harper.”
“Don’t do it, Liam—”
“Don’t trust him—”
“Prove it,” I said, ignoring the others’ warnings. “Let her go first and then—”
“He’ll never let her go. He never lets anyone go.”
Amaranth staggered slightly as she pulled herself slowly off the ground, but she shook away Nester’s helping hands. Her face was a bloody bruised mess of reds, pinks and purples and her right eye was already swelling closed.
“But I don’t want to die…” Amy was crying. “I don’t care what I said before…I really...I really don’t—”
You’re going to have to shoot him.
I turned my head just slightly, expecting to see Dad at my shoulder, but of course he wasn’t there. It was just the memory of those many hours at the firing range, the black outline of a human target in the distance.



“Accuracy is everything,” Dad said at the beginning of almost every practice session. “You can try to shoot to warn or to shoot to wound, but the truth is every time you pull the trigger, you’re shooting to kill. Shoulder, leg, butt—it doesn’t matter where you shoot, you’re gonna do serious damage. But if you’re trying to limit the damage, accuracy counts. You’ve got to be able to trust your aim. And that’s why we practice.” Then he’d put on his ear protection and stand behind me, placing my elbow, my grip, my stance, changing the target, barking out quadrants of the paper man’s body for me to hit—until I wished I were the paper target, just so the torment would end.



“She’s right,” Richter was saying. Amy’s struggling must have been taking its toll on him, because he jerked her neck upward, tightening his chokehold. Amy clawed at his arm, her face turning pink. “Put your gun down, Harper. Then I’ll let little Miss Homecoming Princess—or whatever’s left of her—go. Looks like she might not be conscious much longer, so I’d act quickly if I were you—”
“Agregar a mis amigos solo, asshole!” Elise shrieked, launching herself at him like a tiny missile of determination. Richter’s gun hand dropped just a little thanks to Elise—a few inches away from Amy’s temple—but enough. I fired.
“ARRRGH!” Richter screamed as the round caught him in his right forearm. His gun fell out of his hand as blood seeped through two new holes in the black leather of his jacket—one just below the elbow and another a few inches higher, at the bicep. With the angle of his arm, I guessed the bullet must have passed through them both. The arm was spurting blood and wondered if I’d done even more damage than I’d meant to.
Amy fell out of his grip, coughing. Wasserman darted toward her, scooping up Richter’s gun with his bad hand. As Amy stood, Richter sank to his knees.
“You…you’re not going to leave me like this…” he moaned as his blood seeped onto the asphalt. “I’m…I’m gonna bleed to death.” His eyes met Amaranth’s. “You know this is wrong…you better than anyone, Amaranth. We—we—understand each other, don’t we, honey? Don’t we—”
Amaranth stared at him, like prey before a snake, too terrified to move.
“You’re…you’re a good girl…” Richter muttered.  His eyes fluttered as the loss of blood began to overtake his system. “Never meant... hurt…” His head fell forward and he stopped talking.
“Die!” The word erupted out of her like a sob. “Die! Die!”
“Liam! Liam!” Elise pulled on my arm, breathless and jubilant. A long bloody scratch that hadn’t been there before oozed red down her cheek. “Tracks! Choo! Choo!” she mimicked, sounding like a train whistle as she pointed back into the woods. “Ya! Ya!”
“Good, girl,” I said and I meant it, but I was already moving toward Amaranth.
She stood frozen in front of me, staring down at Richter with tears rolling down her face. Those tears scared me—much more than her anger ever had. I was glad that Wasserman had already retrieved the stray weapons. “Lead the way! We’re all right behind you,” I told Elise, taking Amaranth’s arm as gently as I could considering I intended to drag her out of there if necessary. “Go! Everyone! Fast as you can!”
I didn’t have to say it twice. With the sounds of engines growing louder, everyone knew it was just a matter of time before we were outgunned and outnumbered again. We had to hope that the newcomers would have their hands full with their wounded, giving us time to get gone.
“Harper,” Wasserman stopped just before the tree line. He held Amy with his gloved hand and several of the confiscated weapons in the other. “Should I get the bags—?”
“They’ll slow us down,” I said, shaking my head. “We’ve got to run.”
He nodded. There was something else in his eyes, but instead of saying anything, he bent over Lilly. “Climb up, Lilly. I’m your horse for a while.” He glanced back at me one last time, then followed Elise and the others into the trees.
“Come on, Amaranth,” I said gently. “It’s over. We need to go.”
Her right eye was a big purple bruise and there were cuts and scratches all over her face. For some reason, though, I never wanted to kiss her more than I did right then. Instead, I tightened my hold on her fingers.
“Is he dead?” she asked me through swelling lips.
I glanced at Richter. His eyes were closed, but he was still breathing. The shot had probably splintered the bones in his forearm and torn up the muscles in his shoulders. He’d never be the same…but if he and his thugs had the kind of resources they said they did, he probably wouldn’t die.
“No,” I answered. “Come on, Amaranth. We’ve got to go—”
“I—I wanted you to kill him,” she said dully, as though meeting a part of herself she had never wanted to know. “I…actually wanted you to kill him.” She looked up at me with her bruised eyes full of tears. “Does that make me…bad?” she asked in a tiny voice. For a second, I imagined her like she must have been as a little girl, a mop of red hair, staring unharmed at the kind of violence that would have horrified even a veteran soldier.
“No, it doesn’t make you bad. Now come on,” I said softly. “Put your arm around my shoulder,” She let me guide her without objection and I slipped my arm around her narrow waist. “They’re coming. We have to run now, okay?”
More tears slid down her face, but she nodded moving forward at an uneven gallop on her bad ankle. By the time she paused to look back, Richter was invisible behind the curtain of trees.

back to top
18
Doomsday Kids
“How much food do we have left?”
By the time Amy asked that question, we’d left Lowellstown behind us. We’d crashed through the trees behind the SuperMart following Elise for what felt like an hour, especially since the further we went the more heavily Amaranth leaned against me, until, finally, I ignored her protests and slung her over my shoulders in a fireman’s carry and kept going until I felt like my heart was going to explode in my chest.
Twice I thought I heard voices and the sounds of pursuit—once when the trees thinned and we spied a community of townhomes rising in the distance, and the second time just before we reached the embankment Elise had seen. It was about fifteen feet of gravel and dirt with nothing much to grab onto to make it easier to climb. Elise scrambled up it like she was part mountain goat but I wasn’t nearly so lucky. More than once, the toes of my sneakers slipped and I thought Amaranth and I would go rolling back down into the valley of short trees we’d come from. But somehow we made it. My fingers curled around the cold metal of the track just as I knew I couldn’t climb another inch. I pulled myself up onto the crossties with what felt like the last of my strength. Amaranth lay on my back, her arms still around my neck like we were hugging.
“Hey! Little help!” Wasserman yelled and I hated him—but this time only because Amaranth slid off me to grab Lilly. Amy and I pulled Wasserman up. Nester dragged his little brother up the last five feet of the embankment by pure strength of will.
“Thanks,” Nate panted as he flopped on the tracks like a plump trout.
Nester grimaced. “I guess I owe you that. For what you did back there.”
The brothers considered each other, uncertain about whether to hug it out or not.
“We can’t stop,” Nester said, deciding against it.
“And we can’t walk on the tracks. Not right now. It’s too exposed,” Wasserman added breathlessly. “Maybe we should cross over to the other side,” he suggested, pointing. “Follow the tracks under the cover of the trees?” His good eye found mine. “What do you think, Liam?”
“Yeah. To both,” I agreed. I felt the weight of leadership settled wearily on my shoulders again. Somehow, I pulled myself to my feet.

We kept going. We were too tired to run, but we walked fast, Amaranth hobbling along using a stick like a makeshift crutch. Nester’s lips were cut and bleeding and both Amy and Elise were scraped up. Lilly seemed to be moving on the last of her reserve power but we didn’t stop for bandages or water or anything.
No one spoke.
We walked and walked, struggling through the trees in pairs and singles, glancing backward, listening for any sounds beyond our own feet. For a while we followed the tracks, but when they disappeared from view, Amy took out the compass and the map and pointed us in the right direction—or so we hoped. Nester and Wasserman walked behind her with the guns we’d taken. I followed with Lilly and Amaranth and Nate and Elise walked backward, bringing up the rear, Nate armed and Elise listening, her head cocked to one side on her slender neck like a bird’s.
We must have gone on like that for hours, exhausted but too scared to stop, even though there didn’t seem to be any evidence of pursuit. Finally when Lilly stumbled repeatedly and Elise and Nate lagged so far behind they no longer seemed to be a part of the group, I stopped.
“That’s enough. We need rest. We’ll make camp for the night here.”
Their faces told me they’d been waiting for me to give them permission and they all stopped immediately, sinking to the ground where they stood. My feet throbbed like a layer of skin had been flayed off them with some insidious instrument of torture.
“Do we have any food?” Amy asked in a low voice.
I realized I was still wearing my backpack when I tried to lean my back against a tree. I tossed it in her direction.
“Not much,” Nester replied, dumping out his own backpack. “We packed them all the same—everyone’s got maybe half a dozen MREs, a few bottles of water and a flashlight. We’ve got four backpacks left, so that’s maybe twenty or twenty-five meals? Lilly’s got a radio, and so do I. And I’ve got this,” he tossed a small pouch of first aid supplies onto the ground, “But it’s nothing compared to the one we had to leave behind. Amy’s got the compass, the maps and some signaling stuff—mirror and a flare. Rod’s got the lightest one—because of his hand and all—a tarp, some rope,” he paused, trying to remember. “A few other things.” He looked a little guilty. “You and Nate got the heavy stuff: ammunition, extra water, canned goods—”
“Thanks a lot, bro,” Nate muttered, but he didn’t seem mad. He wiped his face with the sleeve of his jacket. “Doesn’t matter now. We had to leave all that. How much further is it?”
Amy fiddled with her hair and for the first time, it seemed more like a nervous tic than vanity. She smoothed the map onto the ground in front of her.
“I think we’re here,” she said, pointing. “About ten miles west of Lowellstown. Kinder is here. So that’s about 80 miles—”
“At least four days,” Nate finished. “Maybe a little more. If nothing else happens.”
If nothing else happens. The words coated the silence over us. Elise grabbed the little first aid kit and scooted closer to Amaranth.
“It hurts, yes?” she began gently.
Amaranth pulled away. “No, no, it’s okay. Yo no necesito ninguna ayuda. Estoy bien—”
“English,” Elise corrected. “We speak English. ¿Cómo se dice 'estar quieto?’”
"Be still,” Nester interjected. “’Estar quieto’ is ‘be still’. It’s about all I remember from Spanish class. Someone asked Mrs. Estevez how to say ‘shut up’ and she said she wasn’t teaching that. ‘Estar quieto’ was close enough, she said.”
“Be still,” Elise commanded Amaranth, and then with the tenderness of any mother, she unrolled a bit of gauze began to dab gently at her adopted sister’s bloodied face. “Nester,” she asked, rolling the ‘r’ in his name, just a little. “You help with foot, yes?”
“Sure.”
Slow tears rolled down Amaranth’s face. Amy abandoned the map and reached for her backpack, pulling her comb and brush out of the little pink makeup case. Wordlessly, she got up and stationed herself behind Amaranth and went to work, taming the knots and dirt out of her tangled hair.
Lilly pulled out the radio and set it to “scan.” Then she leaned her head against my shoulder, watching as Amy twisted Amaranth’s hair into neat straight braid. “I wish you knew how to braid hair, Liam,” she said wearily.
“You’re next, Lilly,” Amy said. “I promise.”
“Twenty five meals?” Nate turned the conversation back to our supplies. “So if we limit ourselves to one meal a day—” Nate began.
“Or less,” Wasserman said. He looked like something out of The Walking Dead: burned side of his face was inflamed and red, his normal side pale and hollow eyed. “Just in case,” he added, turning his sole eye at me solemnly. I figured it was as close as he could manage to an apology.
“If we eat less, we’re going to be slower. Less food means less energy,” I said. “And we’re all pretty banged up already.” I glanced at Lilly but her eyes were already closed. “This is as good a spot as any to camp for a while. Build our strength back.”
“How long?” Nate asked.
I shrugged. “A day. Maybe two, if we’re lucky. We can take turns resting and watching. Maybe do a little scouting ahead. See if there’s any safe place ahead to hide out or anyone—” I had been about to say anyone we can trust, but such a person didn’t seem to exist.
“A fire?” Nester asked.
I shook my head. “Have you seen any live animals we need to scare away? Because I sure haven’t. It would be nice for warmth but the light and smoke…” I looked back toward Lowellstown. We’d come as far as we could, but it really wasn’t that far if you had a vehicle. “Those ATVs can go 40 to 50 miles an hour on open road—and they don’t call them ‘all terrain vehicles’ for nothing. The trees are pretty thick here, but still, no fire. We’ll use the tarps and the leaves. Make a burrow. It won’t be as warm, but it’ll be better than nothing and safer. Maybe when we get a little further away,” I added, but it was too late, my words had already crushed some last flickering hope.
Another doleful silence consumed us.
Elise moved from Amaranth to Nester, dabbing at the cut on his lip with an antibacterial wipe.
“Lilly?” Amy called she’d finished braiding Amaranth’s hair.
“She’s asleep,” I answered. “Later.”
“You know how to cornrow?” Nester chuckled as Elise finished with his face.
“I think I can manage it,” Amy grinned kneeling behind him and setting to work.
My body protested, but I knew we needed to make the shelter before exhaustion overwhelmed us. I moved slowly, shifting my sleeping sister as gently as I could.
“I’ll take her,” Amaranth said offering her lap as a substitute for my shoulder.
“Thanks.” I stood up stiffly, hobbling a little as my heel made contact with the friction of my shoe. “Save me a bandage, somebody. I’ve got a blister the size of Texas. Wasserman, Nate, you’re with me. Let’s see if we can build some kind of shelter.” I glanced up at the sky. It didn’t seem much brighter, but the clouds moved like rain. “Nate, you still got that knife?”
“Yep. What you need?”
“See if you can cut a few branches—like about your height. They’ll be our poles. We’re going to make a tent.” I checked my watch. Eleven days, six hours and forty-one minutes ago, a tent had conjured the image of a fun time camping under the stars. Now, it was a grim necessity to keep us from freezing to death. “Once we make some kind of shelter, we’ll eat. We’ll see if we can go…eighteen hours before we eat again. Maybe there’ll be enough to last until we get to the Mountain Place.”


It started to rain almost as soon as we’d assembled our makeshift tent.
Nester had watched first, and brought the damp into the shelter with him when he woke me. It had been pretty water-tight for the first couple of hours, but already leaks were puncturing the woven branches and if it kept raining, it wouldn’t be too long before the whole structure was breached. Still, when it was mine turn to watch at the edge of our little camp, I missed its comparative shelter. The cold rain quickly saturated my jacket and soaked my jeans. I could have wrung out my sneakers if there were a way to do it.
“Liam?”
Lilly stood behind me with the hood of her pink jacket flipped up against the driving rain. Not far from me, on the other edge of our little tent, Wasserman sat with his back to me, his shoulders hunched and his wet hair plastered to his skull.
“Yeah, Lilly?” I waited, but she just stood there, looking thinner than I’d ever seen her. There were deep shadows of fatigue under eyes and a little pink sore at the corner of her mouth. She looked too weak to make it another day, but she had to. We all did. “You really need to get back under the tarp with the others. It’s way too cold and wet out here right now for you.”
“Liam, I want to try Dad again,” she continued, showing me the radio. “But—I’m afraid. What—what if bad people hear us? I want Dad…but I don’t want us to have to fight anymore.”
“Me either.”
She fixed mournful eyes on my face. “So…”
“Maybe we should wait until we’re closer to the Mountain Place, Lilly. We can try the secure channel then. You remember—”
“I don’t think we’re going to make it to the Mountain Place, Liam,” she said softly. Rain dripped off the hood of her jacket, making a wet curtain between us. “I don’t think—”
“Don’t say that, Lil. We’re going to make it—”
She shook her head. “I don’t think so. We’re—just—just a bunch of kids. You’re trying hard, Liam, but you’re just a kid, too. Dad isn’t answering. Mom never came home…and bad is everywhere, Liam.”
For a moment, the truth of her words silenced me. We were just kids, hungry and alone in the rain, probably orphaned, miles from any kind of home. I wasn’t sure we’d make it to the Mountain Place either, but if we lost hope we didn’t stand a chance.
“Did Dad ever tell you about how he lost his legs?”
“He stepped on a mine.”
“Did he tell you why? Why he was out there?”
She shook her head slowly.
“He went because one of his friends was in trouble. He went for his buddy. He wasn’t going to sit on that armored vehicle and let his buddy down. And you’re David Harper’s daughter, Lilly. You didn’t leave Elise behind, right?”
She shook her head slowly.
“We’ll make it to the Mountain because we can’t let our friends down. You understand?”
She nodded. “We’ll make it to the mountain…because of our friends. And because you’re David Harper’s son, right?”
Equal parts of part pride and shame clogged my throat. I remembered the last time I saw my father and the things I’d said. How I’d wished for any Dad in the world other than him. How I’d—
“Right,” I managed roughly, blinking fast so Lilly would think it was only rain streaming down my face. “Now go get dry. We’ll try the radio later. After the weather clears. Maybe, when the rain stops, the sky will be blue again. Think how good we’ll all feel when we see the sun again. The radio will work better, too. You’ll see—”
“Lilly?”
Wasserman stood behind us. His glasses were dotted with raindrops, but his characteristic lopsided grin cut the bottom half of his face. “You shouldn’t be out here, kid,” he said kindly. “Go on back under the tarp—at least until the rain stops.” He stretched out his good hand. “You want me to walk you?”
Lilly smiled. She accepted his hand to get to her feet, but then shook her head. “Thanks, Rod, but I’m not a baby. I can make it by myself.”
“Okay, sweetie. I’m here for you if you need me. You know that, right?”
She nodded and I watched in wonder as a blush crept into my sister’s pale cheeks. She waved at us—really at him—then moved slowly back to the tent. She turned back just before she lifted the flap and disappeared inside, her index finger and thumb curved together: OK.
“She likes me,” Wasserman squared his shoulders like we were back at school and he had something new to brag about. “I’ve always had a way with the chicks.”
“She’s my little sister, Wasserman.” I warned.
“I know that, Harper. I’m just kidding. Man, you really don’t know how to take a joke, do you?”
Rather than answer, I stared up at the sky. The gray clouds were probably spitting all kinds of nasty chemicals at us, but I hoped that at least one thing I said to Lilly hadn’t been a lie. Maybe the sun would shine again when the rain stopped.
“Nice story. About your dad.”
“Not a story. It’s true.”
Wasserman stood still like he was waiting for something.
“Shouldn’t you be watching?”
He shook his head. “Amy just came out to relieve me. Nate should be coming for you any minute.” He paused, and then squatted down beside me. “So, what’s the big secret?”
“What big secret?”
“Your big secret, man,” Wasserman sighed in exasperation. “Look, I know you and I, we got history, okay—”
“I never did anything to you—”
“Except be funny as hell!” Rod shot back. “What do you expect me to do when you go all Iron Man over a shooter drill? That was some funny stuff—”
“Not to me.”
Wasserman nodded. “Yeah, I get that now. And I’m sorry. It’s just, that’s what I do, you know? It doesn’t mean anything—”
“And when you spray painted my car? When you invited all those kids to my house to take whatever they could get—”
“I get it. I’m a jerk. I know. I don’t know why I did all that. I—I guess—“He shook his head. “Look, Liam. I want to find my Mom, okay? The last thing I said to her was ‘whatever’. Whatever. She waved and said ‘Have a good day, sweetie!” He imitated a high-pitched feminine voice. “And I said, ‘Whatever.’” His voice trembled a bit. “I didn’t wave back—I don’t think I even looked at her. I just shrugged my shoulders and walked into the school, you know? And she—she’s all I’ve got. It’s always been just the two of us…for as long as I can remember.” He folded his lips tightly but a teardrop escaped from the lump beneath his seared lid. “I know you don’t like me,” he continued after a long pause. “And maybe you never will. But I just wanted you to know, you aren’t the only one. You aren’t the only stupid kid who wishes he could unsay something.” His voice dropped to a tortured whisper. “Oh, never mind. You wouldn’t understand—”
He stood up suddenly and spun toward our shelter, his shoulders hunched toward his ears and his head tucked against the barrage of the rain. I imagined him, sliding out of his mom’s black SUV and slamming the door on her smile, his face fixed on the open doors of JFK High and the expectations of his eager followers. It shouldn’t have changed anything, but it did.
“Rod—” I called just before he moved far enough away for the rain to drown out my voice. “Wait.”



“What do you have to say for yourself?” Mom’s voice was calm but her eyes flashed with anger. Her lips were pressed so tightly against her teeth that they were almost invisible.
“I don’t know, Sandy,” Dad sounded like he thought the whole thing was funny. “I was just trying to make a point—that school systems aren’t as prepared as they think they are. And then all of the sudden I’m surrounded by cops with guns like I’m some kind of—”
“Nutcase?” The word popped out of my mouth before my brain could stop it.
But Dad just laughed. “Yeah.”
We were sitting at the kitchen table. Lilly had gone to school, but Mom had had to go to the jail and arrange bail. “Not of word of any of this to your sister,” she hissed at me. “I don’t want her to know anything about it. Do you understand?”
She didn’t have to repeat it; I was far from proud of any of it. I’d been suspended for two days, required to go to a special class after school for kids with “issues” and meet with a counselor. I’d spent hours last night at the juvenile detention center being asked all kinds of questions about my home life.  Just thinking about it made me even angrier than I had been when the police dragged me and Dad out of the auditorium in handcuffs. Even angrier than I had been when Mom picked me up from juvenile hall and started yelling at me—even though none of it was my fault. I’d been too angry to even sleep. All I could think of was how awful it was going to be to go back to school with everyone knowing what had happened.
“I don’t think this funny at all, David,” Mom hissed. “Do you know there’s a social worker coming here tomorrow? To assess whether we’re fit parents! Fit parents!” Her DOD lanyard swung on its chain around her neck, grazing the waistband of her slacks. “I can’t afford this kind of scrutiny. They’ll yank my clearance and then where will we be—”
“We’ll be fine. We’ll sell this place. Move up to the farm for good and live a simple life. Maybe we can get back to how it used to be—“Dad reached for her hand but she jerked it away.
“That’s what you want!’
Confusion flitted across Dad’s face. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“You heard me! None of the rest of us wants that Mountain Place! That’s all you! When I think of what we could have done with that money. The bills we could have paid or things we could have done as family—”
“The land was cheap and I built the house myself—or nearly—”
“Are you listening to me, David? No, of course not. You never listen! You haven’t listened since—” She glanced down at his legs before turning away. “You’ve changed, David. You’re paranoid—”
“Paranoid!” Dad snarled. “Sandy, you know what this world is. You know the threats better than I do—”
“Yes. I’m just not going to live my life in fear of them.”
“I’m not doing that—”
“Yes you are!” Mom shouted. “Every penny of your disability has gone to prepping. Since you—since your injury—your every thought has been prepping. It’s the only interest in your life—”
“I prep for you, Sandy,” Dad spat angrily. “You know that. It’s all for you and Liam and Lilly—”
“Did you ever ask us? Did you ever ask us what we wanted? Maybe we want to live in the here and now, David, not cowering in some bunker waiting for the world to end. And if the world is going to end, maybe we’d rather end with it—”
“Stop it, Sandy.” Dad’s face was red and his voice sounded like the last loop of a rusted chain. “That’s enough—”
“You’re right, David. It’s enough. I’ve finally had enough,” she said in a firm voice.
Dad faltered. They stared at each other, the energy in the room pulsating between them: Mom defiant and determined, Dad suddenly unsure.
“Sandy…” he began at last. “What are you—”
“We’ve given it a good try, David. And a part of me will always remember the way you used to be.” Her voice cracked but her gaze was steady. “But this is the last straw. Your obsession is hurting our kids now. It’s hurting our family—”
“It wasn’t my fault!” Dad erupted. “How many times do I have to tell you—?”
“Our son got arrested because of you! We could lose custody of both of them all because you’re so obsessed with all the terrible things that might happen that you don’t know when to keep your damned mouth shut! I’ve put up with it all these years because—because—” She blinked quickly but a couple tears seeped out of her eyes in spite of it. “Because I love you. I’m always going to love you. But this is the last straw. I’m done, David.”
Neither of them seemed to even remember I was in the room. Their eyes were locked on each other.
“Sandy…” I’d seen my dad angry, in pain, irritated, drunk, excited and even unsure. But I’d never seen anything like the look on my Dad’s face when Mom said I’m done. She’d taken a hammer to his soul.
“I think it would be better if you went to the Mountain Place and stayed there for a while.”
“But…how long?”
“I don’t know. A few months. You can visit the kids on weekends. We’ll work that out after I get all this legal stuff with Liam cleaned up.” She grabbed her purse. “Get your gear together and go. I’m going to work now but I’d—I’d like you to be gone when I get home.” Her eyes flicked over me. “Do your school work and meet Lilly’s bus, Liam.”
“Yes ma’am.”
“And if you put so much as a single toe out of line, I will come down on you so hard you’ll wish you’d stayed at that juvenile hall, do you understand me?
I felt like I should salute, but I just nodded. “Yes, ma’am.”
She didn’t look at either one of us again; she just left. Her heels clicked on the kitchen floor and then the door to the garage opened and closed. Dad watched her little blue Camry clear the driveway from the kitchen window. He watched until it disappeared down the street.
At last, he turned to me. “Well, son, I guess I’m going up to the place for a while!” He exclaimed, chuckling like we were sharing a private joke. “Your mom’s a little pissed off right now, but she’ll get over it.”
“Yeah,” I agreed, wishing he’d just stop talking and go. With Mom gone, there was nothing standing between me and my anger at him—anger I wasn’t sure I could control. He must have felt my impatience because he peered hard into my face.
“You do know it’s all for you guys. All the stuff I do. The Mountain Place and all of it—”
“Throwing Mr. Richter across the auditorium was for me?”
Dad’s eyes locked on my face.
“You know what happened wasn’t my fault, Liam.”
“Yeah,” I muttered. “But I’m going to pay for it. As if things weren’t hard enough after you drove up in the Bug Out bus, drunk off your—”
“Liam!”
“You were!” I shouted. “Thanks, Dad! You really set me up for success with that one. I know you didn’t want me to go to public school, but did you have to ruin it the first day? And now this? Nester doesn’t even want to be seen with me and Amaranth—” I hadn’t meant to mention her name and the way his eyebrow shot up made me even angrier. “I’ve got a criminal record now, Dad—because of you and your stupid prepping—”
“So what do you want, Liam?” Dad’s shouted. “You want me to go to the Mountain Place and stay there like your mother? Is that what you want?”
“Yes!” I shouted back. “Go and don’t come back! At least up there you can’t make it any worse for us! Go!”
Dad studied me like he was seeing me for the first time. Then he threaded his way through the kitchen and left the house. I hadn’t seen him since.



“I don’t know why I’m telling you this,” I finished. “All you’ve ever done is call me names and try to ruin my life—”
“You’re telling me because we both have something to make right,” Wasserman muttered. “And I get it now, Liam. We need to get everyone to the Mountain Place. We need some safety. We need food and rest. We’ve got kids who are sick and hurt who need to get well. But when that’s done, then—” His mangled face twisted with resolve. “Then I’m going back. To see if I can find her. I understand now that I need to learn everything you—and your Dad—can teach to me when I go back. For what it’s worth, I’m a Doomsday Kid now, too. We all are.” He nodded at me in curt salute. “I’ll tell Nate to get out here and do his watch,” he muttered.
But Nate was already running toward us with alarm written his eyes.
“There are people out there!” he announced pointing out beyond the lookout point. “Camping in the woods!”

back to top
19
People of the Forest
“I was so hungry I could eat my hand, man. Laying down makes it worse, so I thought I’d walk a bit. Do a little scouting,” Nate said to me in a low voice as I followed him quickly through the dripping trees. At last, the rain was letting up, but the terrain was slick and muddy and I was slipping and sliding as I ran. “I thought I heard something.” He nodded into the darkness in front of us. “Up that way. First I thought it might be an animal…but we haven’t seen any. I mean where are they, man? Where’d the animals go?” He didn’t wait for me to answer. “I kept going, and then I heard them. Voices. Whispering—”
He stopped and laid a finger to his lips like I was the one who’d been talking. We stood together in the darkness, holding our breaths, listening with every muscle of our bodies: our eyes, ears and even our skin.
“—Kentucky in a week…if the injured and the children can keep the pace. And, insha’Allah, there’s no more trouble,” a masculine voice said, an edge of an accent in the words. “I left my country to escape violence and persecution and to give you children a better life.” He laughed softly. “It turns out there is no escape.”
“It’s discouraging that there’s no sun here, either,” came the whispered reply. This voice belonged to a younger man. “I had hoped by now—”
“The sun is there, whether we see it or not. It shines despite what man has done,” the older man said. “Besides, we may have to travel across the Mississippi River before the cloud lifts. And even when we see sunlight, we may not be safe—” He stopped abruptly and I heard movement like a weapon being readied for firing before he shouted, “Who’s out there!”
Footsteps came at us from all directions.
“Identify yourself or I will shoot you—”
The branches all around us started to move, signaling the presence of others—many others—zeroing in on us.
“We’re hosed, man,” Nate murmured. “Say out of sight. I’ll do what I can—” And before I could stop him, he strode toward the voices, his hands over his head.
“Please don’t shoot. I’m just a kid. Just trying to find somewhere safe.”
I hesitated for only a second, before stepping up beside him. “There are two of us, sir. And we mean no harm.”

“More children! Alone in times like these!”
The speakers were the same two men Nate and I had overheard—an older Middle Eastern-looking with salt and pepper hair and a gray beard, and a younger man who looked so much like him, no one had to tell me whose son he was. The older man wore a muddy black dress coat over a stained white shirt and torn dark suit pants like he’d been at some fancy event when the bomb changed his course. The others—I couldn’t see them all, but there were at least four of them dressed differently and from all walks of life—seemed to recognize him as their leader. They confiscated our weapons and backpacks and marched us a short distance through the woods, but without cruelty or any real enmity.
By the time we stopped, the rain had stopped, too. A small fire burned in a little clearing with a big black pot set above the flames, bubbling something that smelled so good my stomach cramped in agony. Sitting around the fire in little groups were people—men, women and children. Some were obviously families or couples, but others seemed to be alone. I estimated there were at least three dozen of them, gathered in clusters beneath the trees.
An older woman wearing a hijab looked up from tending a young African man with burns like Rod’s. She was probably in her sixties, but her dark eyes seemed to measure me in an instant. “I will check it again the next time we stop,” she murmured to her patient and stood up.
“So, my young friends. Who are you? What do you want of us?” The older man asked as he dropped a hand on the woman’s shoulders and took his place at her side. I’d thought of him as the leader, but the woman’s somber, knowing eyes corrected me. I directed my answers to her.
“Nothing, ma’am. Sir,” I said, after I’d told them our names. “We’re just trying to get away. Trying to get somewhere safe.” And I told them about what had happened to us in Lowellstown. “They took most of our gear, most of our food and water. We’ve been camping near here for a day or so, waiting for the rain to stop.”
“You wear guns,” the woman said.
“Only to defend ourselves,” I explained. “We’re not trying to hurt anyone who’s not trying to hurt us.”
“Be at peace, then, son,” the man said, smiling over his beard. “We mean you no harm. When you leave us, your weapons will be returned to you. Upon my solemn oath.”
The speech was so dramatic that I was at a loss for words. I nodded politely and waited for the woman to speak.
“Are you alone?” she asked. “Just you two?”
Nate inhaled quickly, like he was about to reply, but hesitated and glanced at me. Mrs. Standish flashed through my mind but I shoved her back into the deep hole of things I didn’t want to think about. I swallowed hard and tried to find the part of me that still trusted.
“No,” I admitted. “There are six more. All kids, ma’am. All very frightened. If you send men with guns, they’ll probably shoot first. Just…leave them alone. Please.”
The woman nodded. “After what you described in Lowellstown, I would shoot first, too.”
“When we came up on you, in the woods, why didn’t you shoot us?” I asked.
“Because, like you, we don’t believe in taking life without cause—though we have met many who think that just because we are Muslims, we are somehow connected to the barbarians who have done these terrible things.” The man answered, sighing heavily. “We were at our Mosque outside Baltimore when the blast happened—my wife and youngest son and I—and were sheltered in the parking garage below ground when the bomb dropped in Washington. Our city was sheltered from the worse of the blast, but...” He shook his head, sadly. “Things quickly deteriorated when people realized there would be no more groceries. No more gasoline. No electricity.” He shook his head sadly. “We, too, have had to fight. And along the way, we have tried to save as many as we could.” He gestured around him. “People of like mind—whatever their religion. Whatever their race. People who just want to find a place of safety where we can begin again as brothers and sisters. As survivors. Of course, there have been a few we have parted company with along the way—those we discovered to be thieves, or…” He glanced at his son as though he were a part of story there wasn’t time to tell. “Of a warlike spirit. We proceed in peace or part ways.”
“But what have you done for food and water? How have you made it so far?” Nate asked.
The man laughed and his son smiled broadly. They glanced at each other, sharing a moment of connection that made my regrets about my own father ache inside me.
“Some kill, some love. Some make war, some make peace. Some believe in terror, and some believe in love. Some hope…and some prepare. We had taken some precautions, stored food and supplies for times we hoped would never come. But the time came and we were ready,” he concluded with a smile. He lowered his weapon and stretched out his hand to me. “I am Hakim Najib. This is my wife Qadirah and my son, Samir. Go get your friends. You are safe with us, Liam Harper and Nate Bartlett. All of you are safe with us.”


A short while later, Nate and I sat at the fire’s edge and watched as Hakim’s camp absorbed the rest of our group. Qadirah rushed to Rod and Amaranth, inspecting their injuries carefully. Elise held Lilly’s hand like she had the very first time I saw her, looking around at the strangers nervously. For an instant, she was the shy little girl who had been afraid to ask for my cell phone before the bombs fell—not the outspoken fighter who had devised the plan that had gotten us out of Lowellstown in one piece. I understood: I wanted to trust these people; we needed their help. But after everything, their kindness seemed almost too good to be true.
“There are medical supplies in my tent,” Qadirah said, nodding toward a large blue oval not too far away. “You two could do with some patching up—”
Amaranth glanced at me anxiously.
“It’s all right,” Hakim encouraged. “My wife is a physician,” he said proudly, sinking onto a broken bough near the fire. “She will take care of you as best as our meager supplies will allow. You will be quite safe. By the time you are done, the stew will be ready.”
“Come here, Lil,” I said, frowning at the radio she held clutched tightly in her hand like shiny plastic doll. I scooted over, making room for her beside me. “It’s okay—”
“No,” Amaranth interrupted. “I—I’d like her to come with me. Walking’s easier with a shoulder to lean on. If it’s okay,” she added.
“You want to, Lilly?”
She shrugged. “Sure.”
“I go, too,” Elise said in a small voice and the four of them followed Dr. Qadirah into the tent.


We each got a bowl of steaming broth. There wasn’t much else to it—no meat or vegetables—but it tasted so good that I didn’t care that it was little more than hot flavored water. Samir broke off a small piece of a square of flat bread that reminded me of the hardtack I’d read about in whaling novels, then handed the loaf to me. I snapped off a piece and passed it to Nate and the loaf made its way around the fire. Amy took her share, and, even though there wasn’t room, dropped into the place between me and Samir. From time to time, she gave our new friend a look I was pretty sure Rod wouldn’t have liked.
“There are many like your Richter out there,” Samir said. Looking at him now, up close and by the light of the fire, I guessed he was a few years older than me—maybe nineteen or twenty—with a headful of curly dark hair, a chin full of black stubble and big black eyes. “We’ve had run-ins with them but so far, we’ve had enough numbers to deter the worst. They see more of a chance when there’s only a few. Worse still if it’s just one or two—”
“Very true,” Hakim agreed from the other side of the fire. “Of course, some of them are forming large numbers too. Unfortunately like seeks like: people seek those with the same nature. This is true of bad people as well as the good—”
“Do you know what happened?” Nester scrunched the glasses up his face and leaned toward the man. “I mean, I know about the bombs—but where’s the Army? Or the National Guard or whoever? Why haven’t we been able to get anyone on the radio? Why haven’t we seen any helicopters or any emergency personnel? Isn’t there any effort to—I don’t know—search for survivors or tell us where to go or what to do or anything?”
Hakim and Samir exchanged another glance, a sadder one.
“There will be no rescues, son,” Hakim said quietly. “That is all gone.”
“But I don’t understand,” Nate interjected picking up where his brother left off. “I mean, the bomb was bad. Washington is gone. But there’s more to the United States than just Washington—”
Samir shook his head. “They don’t know,” he said softly.
“Don’t know what?” Rod appeared from Qadirah’s tent and squeezed in next to Amy, forcing me to move. He had a real black eye patch over his damaged left eye now and his face appeared shiny with some kind of salve. Amy’s lips crimped downward just a little, like she wished he’d sat somewhere else.
Amaranth stood at the edge of our circle. She held one a dry ice pack over the right side of her face with one hand, and leaned against Elise with the other. The silver package made her skin look more pale, and the dark shadows of dirt and exhaustion even deeper. But even then, with the light of the fire glinting off her red hair, she looked beautiful. I wished she would come and sit by me like Rod had done to Amy, but she didn’t. Samir stood up like royalty had just entered the little wooded clearing, gesturing toward his seat with a welcoming smile on his face. Amaranth frowned. She didn’t move toward him, instead she nodded Elise toward the spot and limped to a place beside Nate.
“Remember what they said on the news?” Amy swept her hair out of her face. “Before all we could get was dead air? About bombs going off in New York and Los Angeles and other places. About the government responding with other bombs against the places where they thought the terrorists were—”
“She is right,” Hakim said softly. “And those places responded with their own bombs—”
“So what are you saying? That everywhere is just wiped out?” Nate’s voice rose in panic.
“Most of the East Coast is gone. A good part of the center of this country is, too. Millions dead. Millions more from the fallout. And this cloud?” He nodded at the grayness over our heads. “It may kill the rest of us if we can’t escape it—”
“Because everything alive on the planet needs sunlight,” Amy murmured softly. Rod dropped a hand around her shoulder like he was trying to comfort her, but Amy shrugged it away.
“But we heard you say you were headed to Kentucky.” Nate asked. “Is it better there?”
“We will pass through Kentucky, yes,” Hakim said. “But it is not the final destination. We need to get west of the Mississippi—and east and south of the missile bases in Montana and Nevada. Arkansas—” He pronounced it “AR-kansas” and Samir smiled at the error. “That is where we go.”
“But is it safe there?” Amy asked. “What if you get there and it it’s the same as it is here?”
The men were silent and I could tell by their grim expressions they had considered that possibility.
“Well, if God is willing and we have supplies enough, we will keep going. South and West into Mexico,” Samir said at last. “And beyond, if necessary. There has to be someplace left on earth where we can start again. Someplace where food will grow again and animals will thrive—”
“El Salvador,” Elise volunteered. “Where there is my Mama.”
“Yes, little one. Perhaps there,” Hakim laughed. “Is that where you children are going? Where have you fled from? How came you to travel so far together?”
“We’re going to Ohio.” Amaranth answered quickly before anyone else could reply. “My uncle is there.” She smiled and stretched her eyes in such a winning way that everyone could tell she was lying.
“I see.” Hakim nodded. “It’s wise not to reveal everything. Even to new friends. Trust must be earned, right, young lady? But regardless of where you are heading, I extend you an invitation.” He gestured around the camp like a beneficent leader. “Join us. It is true our supplies are meager, but what we have we will share—and we will ask you to do the same. Your experience with weapons is valuable and in return, we offer you the safety and protection of numbers.” He looked into each of our faces individually. “Against the Richters out there, fifty are better than eight.” He stood up suddenly, groaning a little. “The rain aches an old man’s bones,” he murmured. “This is a proposal you should discuss, I know. We will leave you.”
Samir locked eyes with Amaranth for just a second longer than was strictly necessary. Amy scooted a little further away from Rod like he was an unwanted accessory.
“Thank you,” she said.
”You are welcome. We plan to start out again soon.” Samir gave Amy a gallant smile, before his eyes strayed to Amaranth again. “I hope you’ll come with us.” Then he followed his father and we were alone.
We stared at each other, waiting for someone to be the first to put words to what we were all thinking.
“All right, since no one else is gonna step up, I’ll just say it, man,” Nester began at last. “I think we should go with them.”
“Cosign, bro,” Nate muttered. “That may be the first thing we’ve ever agreed on.”
“How do we know we can trust them?” Amaranth asked. “How do we know they aren’t taking us on so they can—oh, I don’t know— sell us to a roving gang of thugs? Or chop us into bits while we’re sleeping and eat us.”
“They don’t strike me as cannibals, Amaranth.” Amy offered. “In fact, they seem really cute—I mean, nice.”
Rod rolled his eyes.
“You can’t make a decision on such superficial criteria, Amy—”
“It’s not superficial! The truth is, we don’t have anything to go on other than what they’ve told us and what we think is best for us—”
“She’s right. It really just comes down to whether we think our chances of survival are better with them or on our own.” Nester shook his head. “And the whole ‘strength in numbers' thing makes a lot of sense to me, I’m not going to lie.”
“I know, but…” I sighed. “We’re so close. Just a few days walk—”
“If we make it. If there are no more bad guys on the way. We just barely got away last time. We might be pressing our luck.”
“Still,” I insisted. “If you we were this close to your parents, could you just…just walk away without even looking to see—see if they were alive?”
“I did,” Wasserman said softly. “Remember? Back on the bus?”
I didn’t know what to say to that. None of them could even look at me—not even Amaranth.
“Look, I understand if you guys want to go with them, I really do,” I said at last. “And I won’t be mad if this is where we go our separate ways. But I can’t go. Not now. I have to get to the Mountain Place. I have to take Lilly home. I promised my mother—and—and—” My voice started fraying and I decided to stopped talking rather becoming big sloppy mess. Amy pressed a hand on my thigh, like she was trying to let me know it was okay, but I stood up.
“Where is Lilly anyway?” I asked.
“Qadirah,” Elise offered. “She made her to lie down on the sleeping bag. She said she did not like the bumps.”
“Bumps? What bumps?”
“On her mouth. Also her back. Also stomach—”
The sores. They’d been erupting all over Lilly for the last couple of days, but I guess they’d seemed small to me in the face of our other problems.
“I’ll go get her. You guys probably need to talk without either one of us around.”
My legs ached as I moved—and I couldn’t help wondering if I’d be able to stand up at all if I lived to be as old as Hakim. For a light-headed moment, I was in the kitchen of our house, headed up the stairs for a shower and clean clothes before dinner. The memory hit me hard enough to bring the sting of tears to my eyes, but I kept walking and the image faded.


As soon as I saw the angry red marks marching down her forearms, on her stomach and legs, I knew they weren’t cold sores. They reminded me of Amaranth’s bruises, except that were slightly raised, like blisters. Dr. Qadirah had settled Lilly onto a dirty black nylon sleeping bag and was dabbing some kind of lotion on the little marks, while Lilly drank something colorful from a bottle. Gatorade. The familiar logo was the most normal thing I’d seen in forever.
“Well, here’s your brother now,” Qadirah said cheerfully. “I was just coming to find you.” She studied me as if trying to determine if I needed her services. For some reason that made me stand up straighter, as if I needed to prove I was all right.
“Is she okay? What’s wrong with her?”
“It’s a reaction. To what? I cannot say for sure, but I have seen it enough now to have my suspicions.” She gestured toward the sky. “My theory is it’s something still filtering over us from the clouds.”
“Radiation?” My voice came out a cracked whisper of shock. I glanced at Lilly but she seemed intoxicated by the Gatorade and oblivious to our conversation.
“Possibly, though we’re not picking up dangerous levels on our Geiger counter anymore. But those clouds are filled with the remains of our civilization, Liam,” she continued earnestly. “Metals and chemicals of all kinds. I’m surprised more of us aren’t walking around with rashes and lesions. Right now, it seems to have affected the most sensitive among us: the infants and the old. The sick and vulnerable. Like your sister. But until the sun returns, I worry for us all. That is why we head south…but there is no way of knowing what awaits us in any direction.”
I remembered what Mrs. Standish had said to me just before she and her family left Wilson’s Garage: It’s the radiation. It’s hardest on the young and the sick.
A million questions raced through my brain. Would Lilly be okay? Was there anything I could do—any medicine that could help—
Dr. Qadirah laid a gentle hand on my arm. “No,” she said, reading my mind. “There is nothing. I am not even sure I am correct. And even if I am, there is no way to isolate the agent or develop an antidote. All of that is gone.” Her scarf slid a little as she shook her head. Once it had been beautiful—a deep burgundy color threaded with shimmery bits of gold—but now it was torn and muddy and stained by hardship. “Medicine has been thrust back a hundred years—perhaps more. Thankfully, Lilly is tough,” she nodded briskly and gave Lilly’s ripped, jeans-clad leg a pat. “A strong girl. How else do we survive but by being strong?” When she looked at me again, I thought her eyes looked brighter, like in spite of her words, she was having her own moment of weakness and any second tears might run down her cheeks. “You two have things to talk about and soon we all must go. We must keep going, all of us. We have no other choice. Get up when you wish, Lilly.”
She bowed head slightly and left the tent without another word.
“I like her,” Lilly said. “She’s soft and hard. Like Mom. But…we won’t go with them, will we?”
I shook my head. “We’re going to find Dad, just like I promised.”
“But the others…they’ll go, won’t they?”
I nodded. “Elise will want to stay with us, but we need to make her go with them. She’ll be safer. It’s better for her. Especially if Amaranth is going with them.”
Lilly slipped her fingers in mine and squeezed them.
“Then let’s go. Say goodbye. Wish them luck.”
I found her backpack and slung it over my arm instead of handing it to her. I thought she’d protest—insist she wasn’t a baby—but she didn’t. She let me hold her hand as we left the tent, and didn’t let go until we reached the campfire.
All around us, the little settlement was making ready for departure. Tents were coming down, supplies were being re-packed and young and old were getting their gear together. I saw Samir handing out weapons as Hakim and Qadirah conferred with a group of other men and women over a large map. Qadirah gave us a small sad smile, but said nothing.


When we reached the others, the fire was out and they were standing with their gear ready. Our firearms had been returned; Amy handed me my Glock like she was giving me a pink slip.
“Well, this is it,” Rod said stepping toward us, as though he had been elected to speak for the group.
“Yeah. I guess so.”
For a moment we all just stared at each other. Nester had a determined look on his face, and all Nate needed was warrior paint to complete the fearsome seriousness of his expression. Amaranth held one of Elise’s hands and Amy held the other.
“Before we do this,” Rod continued. “There’s something we want to say to both of you.”
“Okay…” I really didn’t want to hear it. All kinds of feelings were churning around inside me. I knew it made sense for them to go with Hakim and his family, but I had hoped at least a few of them would protest: Amy because she knew her family was dead. Elise, since her mother was so very far away. Amaranth…because…because I wanted her to.
“I tell them, yes?” Elise’s eyes sparkled. “We will not go to the Arkansas. We stay with you,” she said, confidently. “After everything, we are family—”
“A seriously dysfunctional one—” Nester muttered.
“And we must stay together,” Elise continued. She took Lilly’s hand, and then shyly reached for mine blushing like I’d discovered her secret crush.
“She’s right,” Nester said. “I just wish she wouldn’t pray so much—”
“Or learn to do it in Hebrew,” Wasserman wisecracked and everyone—even Elise—laughed.
“I’m glad,” Lilly beamed out over our odd fellowship. “Liam, aren’t you glad?”
They were skinny, starving, difficult and desperate…but I couldn’t imagine reaching the Mountain Place without them. I wanted to smile, but Dr. Qadirah’s words felt heavy in my heart. Even if we made it to the Place, the sky was against us. I squeezed Lilly’s hand tighter hoping I could protect her, hoping that I wasn’t leading her—and the others—further from safety.
“Yeah, Lil,” I said and I meant it. “I’m glad, too.”

back to top
20
Beefaroni Nightmares
“It’s time to get out of the trees,” Amaranth said.
When we left Dr. Qadirah and her family, we had been unified and in relatively good spirits…but that mood evaporated as we struggled through the muddy woods, slipping and sliding as the hills grew steeper and valleys plunged sharply off the peaks like the wickedest rollercoaster anyone could survive. Then Wasserman and Amy had some kind of argument, hissing together in low tones until finally, Amy flounced away from him.
“You know, Rod, you really can be a jerk sometimes,” she snapped, flinging the words over her shoulder at him as she joined Lilly and me near the end of the line.  “Sometimes, I really hate you.”
“It was just a joke—”
“It wasn’t funny!”
“Oh shut up, both of you. We need to get on the tracks. Like now!” Amaranth interrupted.
“What’s your hurry all of the sudden?” Wasserman shot back. “It’s not your father we’re going to get.”
Amaranth speared him a stiletto sharp glance and the good side of his face crumpled. “I didn’t mean that way it sounded,” he muttered. “I just meant—”
“I think it’s safe,” Amaranth said, cutting off his attempt at an apology before he could finish. “And the way the terrain sloping, if we don’t do it now, we’ll be on a cliff. We might lose the tracks if we get too high.”
“She’s right,” I agreed. We could barely see the tracks, but had been travelling along a tree-lined embankment parallel to them. But for the last mile or so, the steady incline made it hard to keep our footing and the density of the trees were definitely slowing our progress.
“But what about cover? Walking on the tracks, we’re gonna be in plain sight,” Nate sounded one part paramilitary expert and one part scared kid who remembered Lowellstown.
“We’ll have to be careful, but I’m hoping that we can compensate for the lack of cover by making better time—”
“And our food and water will last longer if we’re easier on ourselves—” Nester added.
“But how are we gonna get down there?” Lilly whined. “It’s so steep—”
“There was a trench a few hundred yards back—made by a fallen tree or something—with some saplings growing around it,” I said. “It’s still going to be steep, but I think we should be able to make it without anyone getting hurt. Come on.  Let’s check it out.”
The trench was like a water slide with a hand rail of young trees. It was just wide enough to us to struggle down in single file. Nester went first, and then stationed himself near the bottom to help the others with the final jump onto the tracks. I followed, finding a spot in the middle where I could brace myself against one of the trees, just in case someone needed a little help with the descent. Wasserman had some trouble—his burned hand wasn’t much good and couldn’t support his weight, so he ended up taking the dive almost at freefall—catching himself from time to time by bouncing off the saplings like the silver ball in an old pinball game. Nate and Amy scrambled down easily enough and Elise and Lilly shrugged off my guiding hands. But Amaranth laced her arm around my neck and held on, letting me do the work of balancing while she babied her ankle on the steep slope.
It was as close to her as I’d ever been. I could feel her breath in my face and the bones of her hip scraped against mine. Once, my foot slipped and she squeezed me tighter, her body coming hard against me, her face inches from mine.
“It’s okay,” I said as her scared green eyes searched my face. “We’re not going to fall.”
She nodded.
“Lock your legs around my waist,” I told her. “Just let me do the work, okay?”
I gave her a little boost and she hopped into my arms, burying her face into my shoulder. My ankles were screaming and I grabbed those sapling branches so hard I was afraid I might uproot a few of them, but we made it.
I thought she might laugh at how crazy we probably looked, or because it was awkward being carried. I thought she might say something sarcastic like “My hero” and make me feel a little silly and embarrassed. But the moment our toes hit level ground, she disentangled herself from me and limped away, leading the way toward our destination with her eyes downcast like we’d done something wrong.
“Hey!” Wasserman hurried after her, the shotgun still swinging from his shoulder. “Wait up! I’m supposed to cover you—”
“Well, stop talking and do it,” Amaranth muttered and kept going at a fast hobble.
It was weird, moving along the railroad tracks and watching the embankment lengthen into a long sheer cliff on one side and deep ravine on the other while the tracks continued flatly through the mountains rather than winding around them like the road would have done. The part of my brain that hadn’t completely accepted the “new normal” kept listening for a train whistle—some warning that something was coming—but of course, we heard nothing and saw nothing.
Maybe the others were thinking the same thing, because for a long while no one said anything. The crossties were about nine inches long and spaced a little less than two feet apart—just wide enough for two of us to walk side by side. For at least two miles, we walked warily with only the shifting gravel ballast beneath our feet for conversation. In some spots, a strip of dirt or a length of barbed wire fencing separated the eastbound track from the westbound tracks. But most of the time, the two directions ran side by side making one long uninterrupted travel lane.
We walked. My wet jeans rubbed my upper thigh, chafing me, and though Hakim and Samir’s campfire had helped, my jacket seemed to weigh an extra ten pounds in rainwater. But the worst was still the spot where my wet shoe rubbed against my now bare heel. My sock had ripped—I wasn’t sure when or how—and now it felt like there was a piece of glass sticking out of the shoe, jabbing into my skin with every step. If there were any left, an adhesive strip from the medical kit would have helped—but I was afraid to use anymore supplies.
The sky was still sunless and ugly, but variations in the shades of gray marked the difference between night and day. In day time, the sky was the color of a bad thunderstorm that spins up out of nowhere and turns the sky black; and night was darker.
Until the sun returns, I worry for us all. Dr. Qadirah’s words came back to me every time I looked up…and every time I looked at Lilly’s face. New blisters bloomed on her forehead, as the ones around her mouth faded. She didn’t complain, but it seemed to me she moved even slower than she had before.
The air was bitingly cold. As long as we kept moving fast, I could ignore the chill, but I wished for the feeling of the sun on my face like I wished for a cheeseburger, or bag of potato chips or even an apple. The broth Hakim and Samir had shared with us was a day ago, and other than a few forkfuls of one our remaining MREs, I hadn’t eaten since. It was better not to think about food—but very hard to do.
We walked, Amaranth in the lead, keeping a pace that must have hurt, but she never slowed and rarely looked back.
“I am tired,” Elise looked back at me like I was in charge of the death march. “We can stop? We can rest?”
I shrugged. “Hey, Amaranth—”
“No,” Amaranth called over her shoulder.
“God, what is her problem?” Amy asked me, like I understood Amaranth any better than anyone else.
“She just wants to get there,” Lilly offered. “So do I.”
“But she goes too fast,” Elise must have been very tired because her voice had taken that sullen tone that I hadn’t heard since the last days of The Hole. “She hurts herself…and me. My legs, they hurt. I am cold. I am hungry. I am—”
“I know, Elise,” Amy began and I was sure she was going to join in the gripe session. But instead, she grabbed Elise’s hand. “But the longer we go without stopping the faster we’ll get there. If we can just push on—”
“I am tired.”
“If we can just push on, we can get there in just few days—”
“My shoes…they are wet,” Elise grumbled. “And I am so very, very hungry—”
“I know. We all are. But let’s at least try to make this fun.”
Elise raised a dubious eyebrow. “How?”
“We’re gonna make it a game,” Amy paused just a moment before continuing with authority. “Yeah, a game. A game called…‘Gravel’.”
“Gravel?” Elise repeated. There was a sliver of interest in her tone that hadn't been there before. The rest of our group had gone silent. I couldn’t see their faces, but everyone was listening, even Amaranth and Wasserman, way out in front.
“Here’s how you play. Don’t step on the gravel. Only on the wood, okay?” She demonstrated, hopping lightly between the ties and landing on her toes. The rip in her leggings had grown from a small tear to a giant hole that showed almost all of her cold, raw thigh and her boots were so caked with mud you couldn’t see the designer tag on the outside of the suede anymore. But when she skipped across the wooden ties, all I could see was the purple and gold cheerleading outfit. When she spun around and smiled at Elise, the only thing missing was pom-poms. “See how fast you can do it before you fall into the gravel. You’re winning if you don’t fall in the gravel and you’re at the head of the line.”
“What happens if you fall into the gravel?” Nate asked.
“If you fall in the gravel…” Amy’s face furrowed for just a second. “You have to go all the way back to the end.” The old Amy’s smug, pleased-with-myself-and-the-rules-I-make look marked her features as she reached for her hair and smoothed it back off her wan face. “Are you all ready?”
“I’m out,” I said, loudly. “I’m on guard duty here.” I lifted my rifle arm, like proof.
“Me, too,” Wasserman called from the front of our line.
Amaranth ignored us all, her face aimed at the way ahead, resolute and hard.
“Shouldn’t we start at the same spot?” Nate queried. “Otherwise whoever starts furthest up is just gonna win.”
“You’re right.” She pulled Elise up to Nate’s crosstie and positioned them side by side. “Come here. Nester, you, too—”
“Oh come on, do I have to—”
“Nester!” She glared at him, eyes wide, bending him to her will.
Nester sighed, but took his place on Amy’s mark. She turned toward Lilly. “You in?”
“I don’t know. I—I’m not very fast…”
“Come on, Lil. It’ll be fun,” Nate said. He offered her an elbow like an old fashioned gentleman escorting a lady out on a date. “We gotta walk anyway, right?”
“Okay,” Lilly giggled. I’ve heard Lilly giggle a thousand times, but this giggle had a completely different tone to it. There were bright spots of embarrassment on her face and just before she took Nate’s arm, I saw her smooth back her hair with the exact same fussiness that was Amy’s trademark.
Amy counted to three and they all took off, jumping from crosstie to crosstie, laughing a little like I remembered kids used to do, long time ago, before the bomb.
“Good, good!” Amy called—her voice carrying a little on the silent tracks before she stopped to watch their progress. “Keep going!”
“You’re a genius,” I said.
“I know,” she agreed. “When I used to babysit my little brother—” She stopped as the painful memory of loss resurfaced. “I—I made up games for him all the time,” she finished through trembling lips.
“I’m sorry.” I murmured. I dropped an arm around her shoulder for just a moment. Her eyes were deep and black and a little dimple appeared in her cheek when her lips moved. I’d always thought she wasn’t nearly as pretty as she thought she was…until now.
I let her go, feeling strange and guilty. For a while we walked in silence, her marching forward, calling out quiet encouragement to the gamers, me, marching backwards scanning the cliffs over our heads for—well, I didn’t know what exactly—but it made sense to keep looking up, prepared for the worse.
“So, what’s up with you and Wasserman?” I asked after a while.
“I don’t want to talk about him,” she snapped, tossing her head in aggravation. “I mean, sometimes, he’s just so—so—selfish I could scream.”
“Yeah,” I agreed even though I had no idea what she was talking about.
“You know what he said? He said we should start thinking about repopulating the Earth soon. I mean my— family—just—just died.” She stopped and swallowed hard. “And all he can think about is getting laid?” She rolled her eyes. “I hate men. All of them. Except you, of course. Because you’re not like that.”
I remembered Amaranth’s arms and legs around me and her breath in my face. I saw again how her eyes had locked on mine and the strange feeling connection that made a different kind of rumbling stir inside me. I sort of wanted to explain that to Amy—and to ask her how Amaranth could look at me in a way that made my whole body tingle one minute and walk away from me like I had a disease the next—but I never got the chance.
“NO! NO! NO!”
The voice was male and loud, but whether it was near or just echoing off the silent rocks of the mountains, I wasn’t sure. The game stopped and we all froze, looking around us for the source of the cry.
“NO!”
A terrible scream pierced the gray sky like someone was ripping themselves in half. It was the most awful sound I’ve ever heard: the sound of a creature in agony calling us to do something—to act, to rescue, to flee. All the tiny hairs on my body stood up. A moment later, a single shot echoed through the distant trees. If the scream had paralyzed us, the shot was its antidote. Like a jack rabbit, Elise sprinted forward, abandoning the crosstie game for sheer speed, passing Amaranth and Wasserman and sending gravel flying.
“Go!” I hissed, afraid that a yell would send gunshots raining down on us. “Go! Run! Now!”
We ran. We ran as fast as we could for as long as we could—and kept going after that until we were all sweating and out of breath. But the sound of that scream and the report of the gun still echoed in my ears. We walked a bit, and then we ran some more.
I don’t know how long we ran, it might have been half an hour—maybe longer—until finally, our sprints slowed to a jog and then a trot. Finally, more from exhaustion than any feeling of safety, we stopped.
“Is everyone okay?” I panted softly.
The question was met with nods and gasps, but no one looked at me. They were still looking behind us.
“Amaranth? Your ankle—”
“Fine,” she whispered.
I pulled a canteen of filtered water from the mesh holder of my go bag and handed it around, taking a few quick mouthfuls for myself before putting it away.
“We can head into the ravine,” I pointed to dark valley on the other side of the tracks. “We’ll be out of sight, but it’s going to be really hard to get back to the tracks once we leave them. The embankment’s steep. Another cliff with trees really.” I nodded toward the tracks ahead of us. “Or we can keep going and hope that—that whatever that was—is far behind us.”
“We keep going on the tracks,” Amaranth said, wiping sweat off her forehead with the back of her hand. She was standing on one foot, barely placing any weight on the injured one. When she realized I had noticed, she set her foot down deliberately, suppressing a wince of pain.
“Whoa, Amaranth,” Wasserman shook his head. “I used to think Harper was a dictator but—”
“It’s still the fastest way, right?” She turned toward Amy.
“Yeah, but—”
“Then it’s the tracks.” Amaranth turned and hobbled off ahead of us again, her back straight. She didn’t wait for us, and she didn’t turn around.
“She is right.” Elise started moving again, managing a fast walk. “The tracks, they are better. At least we can see. Down there…dark.” She peered at the trees looming over our heads. “If we hear more…we run down.”
The rest of us fell into line silently behind them. The “gravel” game was forgotten. No one asked “what happened” or tried to guess the meaning of the terrible sounds we’d heard. Maybe like me, they imagined something so horrible, saying the words would have a kind of cruelty. Or maybe they didn’t want to know. But whatever the others were thinking, like we had one mind, we kept moving. There was no “I’m tired” or “my legs hurt” and I forgot about my bleeding heel. We walked as fast as we could, as silently as we could and tried not to think about how far we had to go.


We’d probably been walking for another couple of hours when the tracks disappeared into a short tunnel cut into wall of gray mountain shale.
“I don’t see anything,” Amaranth said, shining one of the flashlights along the curved walls. But she didn’t step inside. Instead she turned to Rod with questions in her eyes.
“I’ll check it out,” Rod volunteered, but he hesitated. I thought I knew why: his left hand, though healing, still wasn’t strong enough for him to hold a flashlight with it. If he needed to carry a flashlight and a gun, he wasn’t the man for the job.
Amaranth must not have realized his dilemma, because she stood at the black entrance, waiting.
“I’ll go with you, Rod,” I offered. I put my pistol in its holster and put both hands on my flashlight like I needed to steady it. “Eyes on the rear, Nate,” I instructed.
“Got ya, man,” Nate said, taking a wide leg stance in my spot as I joined Wasserman at the front.
I swung the flashlight along the tunnel’s curves as we left the others and ventured inside. Graffiti and some trash lined the walls and when we reached the center, a pile of ash and a few half-burned twigs sat in the space between the crossties. But other than that, the tunnel was empty.
“Someone’s been here,” Rod said softly. “They made a fire.”
“Yeah, but more importantly, they’re gone now,” I added pacing toward the brightness of the other end. Now that we were in it, it didn’t seem as scary. Something about the arched walls felt like safety. Not quite home—more like the Hole—but solid and protected all the same. Rod must have been thinking the same thing.
“A good place to camp for a while, maybe?” he asked hopefully.
“Yeah,” I agreed. “You get the others, I’ll go out ahead and find some tinder and we’ll make a fire here, too.”
Rod rubbed his raw, red hands. “A fire. It’ll be nice to be warm for a change.”


I had a flint kit in the front pocket of my go bag, but I also had a lighter, so I started the fire the modern way. After all, there would be plenty of time for the old style. As it was, I had to do plenty of blowing on the handful of grass and soggy leaves I found to keep the little flame alive. Nester headed back onto the tracks and pulled a few branches from some of the low hanging trees growing out of the rock face. Not the best fuel—dead trees would have been better—but it was enough. The tunnel’s darkness lightened under the orange glow of the flame. It wasn’t exactly cheerful, but at least it wasn’t scary anymore.
Amy sat down and pulled off her boots. “These used to be my favorite because they were so comfortable.” She showed us the frayed heels and muddy soles. “I hate them now. And as for these—” She pointed to the holey leggings. “If I had anything else—anything—I’d just throw these away—”
“Can we eat?” Nate asked. “I mean,” he paused like he was afraid we’d remember how many times he’d asked that question back in the Hole. “I mean it’s been hours. Is it time?”
I glanced at my watch but only for show. I was sure it was time, but even if it hadn’t been, I’d lie. We’d walked and run for such a long time, it only seemed fair to let them eat something, especially since my own stomach was gnawing at my ribcage like it was pizza. “Yeah. Past it, actually.”
Nate attacked his backpack and to be honest, so did I. I saw the others unzipping eagerly, for once looking forward to an MRE…but then their expressions changed to shock and confusion.
My backpack was full—but not of the things I had expected.
Someone had taken the MREs, the tarp and even the extra flashlight I had stowed inside. Instead, my bag was full of trash: empty cans and bottles, plastic containers, wrappers. The weight of the bag was the same, but the contents were useless.
“What the—”
“I knew we couldn’t trust those people!” Amaranth said, but instead of looking triumphant, she looked like she was about to cry. “They’ve stolen everything—”
“My stuff is still here,” Lilly said, pulling out half dozen brown MRE packages.
“So is mine,” Rod said, tossing another six packages onto the ground.
“And mine,” Elise offered, dumping her entire sack out as proof.
“I got nothing but garbage,” Nate muttered. He sounded defeated and exhausted. “Man…”
“This doesn’t make any sense,” I said.
“Yeah, it does,” Nester said. “We were separated, right? Remember? Amaranth, Elise, Rod and Lilly went with Dr. Qadirah. The rest of us didn’t. We put our backpacks down before joining Hakim and Samir at the fire—”
“They made us put them down—” Nate interjected.
“You don’t think Samir would do something like this, do you? He seemed so nice!” Amy glanced at Rod, nervously, like she was reconsidering something she’d said.
“I don’t know,” Nester said. “Maybe, maybe not. You just can’t tell anymore. They did say they were having some problems with some of the people they were traveling with. And they were running out of food, too. You remember Hakim saying that resources were scarce—”
“He probably didn’t know anything about it,” I added. “There were dozens of people milling around that camp. He and Samir were with us most of the time—”
“But my stuff is gone, too and I wasn’t with you guys until the end—” Amaranth interrupted.
“I took your bag, though,” Nester’s voice was soft. “Remember? You were helping the little girls—or they were helping you.”
Elise hung her head. I expected to hear the sound of her whispered prayers, but instead, she ripped her cross from her chest and threw it on the ground.
“Dios no escucha! Dios no le importa!” she cried.
“Elise!”
But she was already moving, running back toward the entrance of the tunnel. I saw her, a small black form folded in on itself, sobbing. I thought Amaranth would move to comfort her, but she sat broken and mute, staring at the fire like there was nothing left inside her to give. Elise’s sobs floated back to us like the soundtrack of our misery. In the end, Lilly scrambled unsteadily to her feet to offer comfort. I heard her voice, lisping soothing words.
She’s tough. Dr. Qadirah wouldn’t leave me alone. A strong girl. How else do we survive but by being strong?
“Is this tunnel on the map?” I demanded, breaking the silence. “How much further?”
Amaranth stared at me, too exhausted and defeated to pull the map from her pocket. Amy sighed and scooted into the space beside her, grabbing the paper and frowning into it. “It’s hard to tell exactly, but I’m gonna guess it’s still close to fifty miles. Like 47 or 48, would be my best guess.”
“That sounds about right to me,” Nester muttered, but he kept staring at Elise’s shuddering back. He didn’t have to explain to me why he picked the little girl’s cross out of the dirt before joining Lilly at her side.
“So that means it’s going to take at least another couple of days under the best of circumstances,” Rod finished. “We’ve only got a few meals here. We’ll definitely run out of food before we get there.”
We absorbed that information in dejected silence.
“We have to make it to the Mountain Place with what we’ve got. Eight people, and about a dozen meals,” I knew they were all calculating the shortfall, but I laid it out anyway. “We’re going to have to share.”
I was answered by silence.
“We’re all going to be hungry,” I began again. “There’s no way around that. But it won’t be for long. Once we get to the Mountain Place, there should be more. Dad has this…like storage bunker. It’s full of—”
“And what if there’s not more?” Amaranth’s words seemed to come from a dark pit inside her. “What if it’s been looted or destroyed or something? Then what do we do?”
It was the thought that troubled me more than any other. But when I looked into the terrified faces turned toward me under the flickering orange of the low fire, I said what I knew they needed to hear.
“It’ll be there. Like the Hole and the bus and all the other stuff my Dad prepped, it’ll be there.” I sounded so certain, I almost believed it myself. Before anyone could question me though, I grabbed one of the MREs and read its label. “Now, who wants to share some beef-a-roni?”


I thought I’d never fall asleep. My stomach gripped and griped and rumbled and churned. For the first time an MRE actually tasted good to me—but maybe that was because I’d only gotten a few bites. Lilly had tried to eat the rest but seemed to struggle with it so much that we agreed to surrender the rest to Elise, who had kind of gotten the short end of the stick when she volunteered to share a macaroni and cheese meal with Nate. She and Nester seemed to have reached some kind of new understanding because her cross was back around her neck, and when it was time to close her eyes, she gravitated toward the warmth of his shoulder rather than Amaranth’s. Nate and Lilly sat together, talking together in a way that only a few days ago, I would have believed to be impossible.
I took the first watch while the others tried to sleep. At first I heard the usual bickering and muttering that had become our background noise: Wasserman cracking on anyone who attracted his attention, hoping his side show would lighten the mood and distract us from our hunger, Nester and Nate bickering over who had been the best at Halo and Grand Theft Auto video games, Amaranth telling everyone to shut up. Normal. Then one by one, their voices dropped off and the only sound was the fire, popping and rustling and throwing strange shadows against the tunnel’s curved walls.
Forty seven miles, give or take a few. We were closer than ever and yet still so very, very far away. I thought about Lowellstown, about the blood curdling scream and the shot we’d heard. I thought of Mrs. Standish in my mind’s eye—my friend in her Civics classroom, but willing to leave us to the mercy of starvation and radiation poisoning at the end of that world. Even our experience with Hakim and his family had ended up putting us at greater risk. Everyone we’d trusted had betrayed us. Now, with little water and even less food, I understood Amaranth’s hurry. We needed to get to the Mountain Place and soon, while we were still strong enough to fight.
That was the last thing I remember thinking before the silence and the flickering fire and my own aching muscles over took me.
I woke to screams.
“AHHHH! AHHH!” Nate’s shrieked. I jumped to my feet.
A giant black shape hunkered over him, roaring and grunting. A hairy paw with claws as long as garden shears swiped Nate’s thigh, then raked across his neck and chest.
A bear.
“Get off him! Get off…!” Nester kicked at the bear, landing a solid one right in the monster’s eye, but it didn’t retreat. If anything, it seemed even angrier.
Rod and I pulled our pistols as the black bear stumbled away from Nate and reared up on its hind legs, growling fearsomely. The thing was at least six feet tall and probably weighed more than all of us put together.
I fired…but the weapon made a dull mechanical click and nothing happened.
“Rod! I’m out!” I shouted. “Shoot! Shoot it!”
“I’m empty, man!” He yelled, panic twisting his face. “The ammo’s gone—”
“Lilly! Where’s your gun?”
Lilly lay on the tunnel floor, motionless in spite of the commotion. It took me a second to understand that she was ‘playing dead’. Her rifle lay beside her but I couldn’t get to it without putting myself within reach of the bear’s sharp talons.
“It’s not going to work, Lil! You’re going to have to fight it—” I threw my Glock at the bear’s snout as hard as I could. The bear snorted as it bounced off its nose but before it could recover, I yanked the assault rifle out of Rod’s hands and threw it like a fast ball. This time the bear yowled and backpedalled, shaking its head.
“Leave him alone!” I swiped Nate’s revolver off the ground where it lay beside him and swung it like it was the bottom of the ninth with the bases loaded.
Some bone in the animal’s skull cracked and the bear sank to the ground. But only for second. It launched itself at me with a desperate roar of pain and fury. Its massive paws swiped at me and I ducked away from them just as I heard the massive kapow of the shotgun as it echoed through the tunnel.
The bear fell backwards with all four of its paws in the air. One of them pedaled uselessly for a second before it stiffened and froze.
Lilly stood behind me, breathing hard, the shotgun still pointed at the beast, squinting like she might shoot again.
“Nate! Nate! Help me! Help me help him!” Nester’s scream was wild and panicked.
“Oh my God, oh my God!” Amy stood at my shoulder, her face greenish and her eyes wet. “Oh my God, Liam! It’s bad.”

back to top
21
Gravel
“It’s not that bad. It’s not that bad,” Nester kept saying the words over and over. “Hang in there, Nate. It’s not that bad—”
But it was. Even before Rod pulled away Nate’s clothes, I knew. The bear’s claws had ripped right through his jacket and opened long ugly furrows in Nate’s chest and belly. I could see patches of shredded and bloody brown skin, but worse, I could see the pinkness of the things beneath it—his organs and intestines. A claw had found his face and raked his Nate’s cheek, but it was the wound in his neck that was gushing blood faster than Nester could stem it that made me step back, my mouth dry and my heart heavy.
Even if we had had my father’s combat medical kit—lost in Lowellstown days before—there wouldn’t have been much we could do. I glanced at Lilly, who stared at the blood and gore in shell-shocked horror and Elise whose eyes were shining with tears.
“We got to stop the bleeding!” Nester shouted at me. “Gimme something! Anything—”
“Here!” Amy stripped off her ripped leggings and knotted them quickly. “Make some kind of tourniquet or—”
“My scarf—” Lilly yanked at the scrap it like it was noose around her neck and stuffed it into Nester’s hand.
“And the bandages around my ankle. Here’s my tank top—” Amaranth said as a dirty black scrap of fabric appeared from under her hoodie before she sank to the ground, unwinding the Ace bandage from her foot as fast as she could.
“No—no—” Nate’s voice was soft but determined. “Don’t—don’t do that. You guys…you need to keep warm…”
“We need to save your life, man,” Nester said tightly. “Don’t be an idiot—”
“You’re the one being…idiot…I’m not…gonna make it…” As he spoke, blood spurted from his mouth and ran down his chin.
“Shut up, man—” Nester swabbed the clothes against his little brother’s neck and chest, trying in vain to stop the blood. “Help me!” he cried and Rod straddled Nate’s chest, pressing the clawed skin as though he could join Nate’s chest back together. Everything we gave him was soaked red in seconds and still the blood flowed and flowed.
“I’m scared…Nester,” Nate’s face crumpled with pain and fear, and he lifted his hand like he was reaching for something. “I’m…”
“Do not be scared.” Elise said, dropping to her knees beside him and taking his bloody fingers into her own. “You go to God—”
“He’s not going anywhere!” Nester screamed as the agony of the truth slammed into him.
“You’ll see my family,” Amy added softly, joining Elise at Nate’s side.
“And you won’t be hungry anymore,” Lilly whispered. There were tears rolling down her face, but she giggled a little when she said it and for an instant Nate’s lips twitched into a smile.
“Bet there are great video games in Heaven,” Amaranth added. “You can play Halo…with a Halo.”
Nate coughed and more blood rolled out of his mouth, but his eyes twinkled at the prospect.
“Well, I’m Jewish…” Rod said. “We believe in using this life, not the next one. But brother, none of us would have made it out Lowellstown without you. You done good. We owe you. Thanks, man.”
If Nate could have grinned, I believe he would have. But it was too late. His eyes seemed to focus on each of us, saying something like goodbye. Then they glazed and fixed up at the tunnel’s black ceiling. A loud last ragged groan escaped from his body and then he was still.
“No!” Nester wailed, grabbing Nate by the shoulders and shaking him like he could wake him up and bring him back. “Nate! Nate!” Finally, making a sound like something inside him ruptured, he let his brother go and lowered his head. He covered his face with hands wet with his brother’s blood and sobbed, rocking himself like a small child.
Elise crossed herself, and then, with shaking fingers, closed Nate’s eyes. This time, when she bowed her head and began to pray quietly in her native tongue, we all joined her. I didn’t know the words, but I bowed my head, wiping my tears away with the back of my hand.


“It is my fault,” Elise said as we stepped out of the tunnel and into the darkness that we now recognized as night, leaving Nester alone with his little brother for a final goodbye. After all the hard words between them, guilt now seemed to be twisting Nester’s grief back in on him. I herded the others away from him—back under the sky—hoping some privacy would help.
“It is my fault,” Elise repeated, sobbing. “The bear…it came for the food.” She pointed to the remnants of the beef-a-roni we’d shared with her. “I—fell to sleep and—and—” A bubble of snot popped on her lip before she rubbed it away. “I was to put it in the fire as you said—”
“It’s not your fault, it’s mine,” I interrupted her. “I was supposed to be on watch, but I guess I fell asleep—”
“What was wrong with the guns?” Rod paced back and forth, his face wet with sweat and blood. “Why didn’t they work?”
“They didn’t work because someone took the rounds. Back at Hakim and Samir’s camp,” I muttered. “I guess they needed the ammunition more than the weapons. Either that or they knew that we’d miss the weapons long before missed the ammunition.” I could almost hear Mrs. Standish and Richter laughing at me for being conned yet again. For being so stupid and naïve. And now Nate was dead. “I never should have trusted them. I never should have—”
Lilly’s hands shook as she thrust a small box of ammunition into my palm. “These were in my backpack. That’s all we have left.”
“There might be a few shots left in Elise’s .22,” I said. “We can check later—
“A .22. isn’t gonna do much against a bear,” Amy sniffled. Her face was blotchy with tears and she stood on the tracks with her feet stuck in her boots, her pale legs bare beneath her cheerleading skirt. She had to be cold, she didn’t complain. “A freaking bear!” she said, angrily. “A bear! All this time, I—I was afraid one of us was going to get shot. Or just drop from exhaustion or hunger or—” Her mouth worked silently for a moment, struggling to wrap itself around her frustration. “A bear? Where did it come from? We haven’t seen any animals—none. This whole time. At least not any living ones—”
“Just because we haven’t seen them doesn’t mean they aren’t there. I’ve seen black bears in these mountains out with my dad,” I said. “But they don’t usually attack humans unless—”
“It was starving to death,” Amaranth said. Her eyes were dry but her face was creased with grief and pain. An old woman, worn down by life’s disappointments and sorrows, not a fifteen year old girl, blinked at me. “We should have kept going,” she said dully. “We never should have stopped. And now, Nate is dead.” She paused. “He’s lucky. It’s over for him. The cold and the hunger and the fear. But we’ll join him soon. Because we’re not going to make it.”
“Stop it, Amaranth,” I interjected.
“We’re not going to make it,” she repeated. Her voice lost its familiar tone and she sounded almost like a machine. “We’re going to die, too. All of us—”
“Stop it!”
“We’ll die on these tracks or in the hills or even at the stupid Mountain Place—”
Lilly started to cry again, a soft hiccupping inhale of trembling breath that sounded like defeat.
“Please, Amaranth,” I begged. “Please—”
“We’re going to die, Liam,” she said, shaking her head slowly from side to side. “Because there’s just no safe place anymore. Not for any of us…and we’re too tired fight anymore.” She stretched out her hand and caught my cheek in her palm. “It’s okay, Liam. You did all you could. For all of us. No one could ask for more.”
“Amaranth…please…”
“She’s right, Liam.” Amy’s eyes were filled with tears. “We’ve got no food, no weapons. We’re tired, hurt and cold—”
“We can’t run anymore,” Rod said quietly. “None of us. Not even you, Liam. We’ve still got days to go—”
“So what do you want to do? Just lay down?” I spat. “You’re right: we’re cold, and hungry. You’re right: we’ve managed to lose just about everything we had: gear, ammo, food—everything. And you’re right: I’m tired. I can’t run: my shoes have just about sliced my feet open. And Nate—Nate is dead. He was just a kid…and now he’s…” I couldn’t say it again without losing it, so I just swallowed hard and kept talking as fast as I could. “And maybe—probably—it’s my fault. If I hadn’t fallen asleep, if I’d heard the bear, if we’d gone with Samit and Hakim and Qadirah— it’s all my fault. But I know one thing: Nate may have been a kid, but—”
“He wasn’t a quitter.”
Nester stood behind us, his hands jammed into the pockets of his jeans. He was covered in blood: on his glasses, on the knees of his jeans and the soles of his shoes. He wasn’t wearing his coat—it was soaked in blood and wadded up by Nate’s body—but even his moss green Henley was stained by dark wet patches of blood. He wasn’t crying but his face was purple and swollen, and his whole body seemed to vibrate with emotions: anger, grief, determination.
“We all laughed at him,” he continued speaking to all of us and none of us. “I laughed at him. Why not? He was a fat kid whining about food. Too slow to keep up. Always saying something stupid. But every time we counted him out—counted ourselves out—there he was, finding something inside himself that no one knew was there. We never would have gotten on the bus without him. We never would have gotten out of Lowellstown. We would already be dead. So I don’t want to hear any more shit about not making it to the Mountain Place,” he hissed, threatening each of us with the violence of his own remorse. “We’re making it there. We are. Because that’s the only way any of this—this crap we’ve been through—means anything.”
“Nester,” Amaranth said softly. “I didn’t mean—”
“I don’t want to talk about it. Just…” His voice trembled and he shivered suddenly as if the cold of the night air had finally reached him. “Just help me bury my brother, okay?”


The ground between the railroad tracks and crossties was too hard to breach. We would have never been able to dig a grave there, even if we had had the right tools.
“Gravel?” Amy suggested.
I nodded. “That’s probably the best way to do it.”
Once again, the backpacks were emptied and the seven of us set off along the tracks, gathering up the loose stones by handfuls and filling the backpacks until we had enough.
We covered Nate’s wounds with the bloody remnants of our clothing. Rod and I were about to zip him into his coat when Nester stopped me.
“That’s dumb man,” he said dully. “He doesn’t need the coat anymore. Give it to me. And the jeans. Amy’s just about naked out here.”
“Are you sure?”
Nester nodded. “Yeah. But…I can’t do it.” He walked away from us.
He was heavy, but Rod and I managed to carry Nate out of the tunnel and onto the tracks, laying him on a sparse divot of brown grass between the east and west bound tracks. Mute with shock and grief, we stood staring down at the body like we were expecting Nate to jump up and laugh at us. It was Nester who finally began covering his brother’s body with the stones we had collected. We worked quickly and quietly, gently covering first his feet and legs, then his chest.
When we reached his face, we stopped as the finality of what we were doing seized us. At last, Amaranth dropped to her knees beside Nate and kissed his forehead.
“Goodbye, Nate,” she said softly, then scooped up handful of gravel and covered Nate forever.
I thought Nester would say something—utter some final words of goodbye or blessing to send his little brother on his way. But Nester stood silent and motionless, except for his chest, rising and falling rapidly, like he’d been running.
“Liam, have you still got your knife?” he asked at last, his eyes still fixed on the makeshift grave.
I nodded. “Why?”
He glared back at the bear’s massive carcass. “That thing killed my brother. I’m not going to just leave it there.” His eyes flicked over me. “We need food, man. And that thing’s food. Enough to last us until we get to your Dad’s place. Can we do it?”
I stared at him. He was right: the bear’s meat would feed us, and probably save our lives. I didn’t know if I could have done what he was suggesting, but all I said was,
“It’ll be hard work.”
“I don’t care.” He stretched out his hand for the knife. “I’ll do it. Just show me how.”
In the end, we all helped. They did better than I thought they would, considering that, except for Lilly, none of them had ever handled game before. Meat came from the supermarket, covered with plastic wrap. We strung it up in the center of the tunnel but even after I cut the skin from the muscle, even when I pulled the bear’s steaming entrails out from the slit I’d made from its neck to its groin, no one threw up or turned away. When the blood had drained out of the bear’s body, Nester and I butchered a few large chunks from its hind quarters and handed them to Amy. “All yours.”
“I don’t know what to do with that,” she muttered, wrinkling her nose. “I’ve never cooked anything in my life that didn’t go in a microwave—”
“Give it to me,” Rod said. “It won’t be as good as if I had some seasonings, but I’ll figure out a way to make it edible.”
“I will help,” Elise said. She glanced at Nester like she wanted to say something, but in the end, she followed Rod back to the fire without saying a word.
I was still butchering when the aroma of roasting meat hit my nostrils. My stomach ached for the taste of it and the memory of happier times. It was hard to keep working—I wanted to eat so badly it was hard to concentrate.
“Gimme the knife, man,” Nester muttered, stretching out his palm impatiently. He went at the carcass. His knife skills weren’t the greatest, but I didn’t correct him. If we made it to the Mountain Place, there would be time for that. For now, though, I let Nester jab at what remained of the starving animal’s ropy muscles with sweat pouring down his face like it was therapy.
I stepped out under the sky. Nate’s grave rose out of the space between the tracks and I paused a moment, until remembering made my chest ache and my eyes wet. Instead, I walked along the tracks for a while, back in the direction that we’d come. The smell of the meat followed me, so sweet and pungent that I got dizzy with anticipation. My legs buckled, I stumbled and fell forward onto the tracks, scraping my palms against the cold metal rails.
I didn’t even try to get up. My head hung loose on my neck, and I gulped air like I could be fed just by breathing in the aroma of the bear’s meat. The thought of food—so close and yet still not available—was maddening and distracting and almost worse than having nothing at all. I pulled myself to my feet again, determined to take another turn at the slaughter—anything for distraction from the clamoring in the pit of my stomach, when I heard a noise.
Or at least I thought I heard something—a sound like people whispering raggedly in the darkness at the edge of the tracks. But just as soon as I was conscious of it, the sound stopped, leaving me to wonder if, in my hunger and exhaustion and grief, I’d imagined it. But then, I thought of the bear, appearing it seemed, out of nowhere and catching us by surprise in the night and I had no choice. I had to investigate.
I wished for a weapon, but I had nothing but my own two hands and the flashlight weighing down the belt loop of my jeans as I crept across the gravel embankment toward the ravine below.
Of course it was dark: darker than it had been the last time I ventured into it—looking for enough firewood to cook the bear. I shone the flashlight down into it. It was extremely steep, but I’d made my way down and struggled back up by grabbing the trunks of trees and using their sturdiness as leverage. In the low light of the gray tinged sky, climbing successfully up or down too far without breaking your neck would have taken a miracle.
A branch snapped. I peered deeper into the inky trees just as a light died on the slope. It was near—maybe twenty feet away—and this time I was sure I heard a whispered voice, calling for silence and stealth.
I dashed toward the tunnel.
“Get your gear! Get your gear!” I shouted when I was close enough. “There’s someone coming up the ravine!”
The others stared at me while I grabbed my pack and used it to yank the largest piece meat off the fire.
“Back there. I heard it. I saw their lights. They must have smelled the meat. We can’t be here when they come. We’ve got to move—”
Amy and Elise started throwing stuff back into our bags. Rod checked the shotgun, scooped up a few cuts of the raw meat we hadn’t yet roasted and tried to stuff them into his backpack.
“Leave it! Just leave it!” I hollered. “If there’s food they won’t chase us!”
We heard them: voices and then gravel crunching under running feet.
“Leave it! Go! Go!” I shouted at them, kicking out the fire and plunging us all into darkness. “Run!”

back to top
22
A River Runs to It
We ran, but almost from the beginning Lilly lagged behind—far behind. She was running—or trying to—but her arms and legs didn’t seem to be responding to her brain’s signals. She stumbled, fell and rebounded, her palms scraping the crossties again and again as her feet failed her.
I stopped, ready to sprint back for her, but Amy beat me to it. She hoisted Lilly on her back and booked it like an Olympic medalist, overtaking me and then racing past me, fear marking her pale face. Nate’s jeans looked crazy on her—both too short and too big—but neither the gaping waist nor the short legs slowed her at all.
“Liam, come on!” she screamed as she pounded past me. “You can do it! Come on!”
I scanned the tracks behind us. I didn’t see anyone, but that didn’t mean they weren’t there.
We ran. The tracks curved upward, the gradient increasing to a steady incline cutting through the rocky face of the hill. I panted, my lungs aching in my chest, my stomach cramping as my steps shortened with the steep slope.
“Is anyone following us?” Rod asked. His face was red and wet with sweat, his good eye bulging out of its socket with the effort of the hill.
“I don’t know,” I managed. “I think…they may have just…wanted the food.”
“Can’t…run…anymore…” Amaranth bent over, gulping air.
“She’s right…we need a new plan,” Nester panted. “How much ammo have got?
“Not enough,” I answered. “A few shells for the shotgun and a few for the .22 rifle. Everything else is empty.” I glanced around us. “Without a place to hide, we don’t stand a chance.”
“Then we have to keep going,” Amy said. Her cheeks were pink with exertion, but she seemed to be less winded than the rest of us. “We walk a bit, then sprint, then walk—like the training exercises we used to do.”
“Training exercises?” Rod’s smirk returned to his face like it had never left. “What training have you ever done?”
Amy rolled her eyes. “Duh, I’m a cheerleader? I know you think all we do is clap our hands and wear short skirts, but we’re athletes, too. Coach made us do four laps around the track before every practice and sprints before going home—” Lilly slid off her back in a sudden scramble. “Lilly! What’s the—”
Lilly stumbled away from her and collapsed to her hands and knees, vomiting in violent waves. As her stomach emptied on the cross ties, I saw what looked like leftover bear…tinged with plenty of bright red blood.
“Lilly! Oh my God...” I knelt on the ground beside her but she shrugged away from me.
“I’m okay,” she wiped her mouth and pushed herself back to her feet. “It’s just…Nate…and everything. Let’s just go. Let’s go before they catch up to us—”
Whatever is in that cloud seems to have affected the most sensitive among us: the infants and the old. The sick and vulnerable. Like your sister. Dr. Qadirah spoke in my mind like she was standing beside me. I saw the look on her face just as clearly, the brightness in her eyes and the genuine compassion for me on her face…and a new kind of fear knocked the breath out of my body.
“But—”
“She’s right,” Amaranth interrupted, her fingers closing tightly on my shoulder. “It’s like Nester said. We have to keep moving. We have to at least try—”
“She can ride on my back again—” Amy began, but Nester stopped her.
“No. It’s my turn,” he said quietly and squatted, waiting patiently as Lilly straddled him, looping her arms around his neck.
“Give me the other gun.” Rod stretched a black-gloved hand toward me. “Amy and I will watch the rear. If anyone runs up on us, we’ll do what we can.”
It took me a second. Something was wrong—really wrong—with Lilly. Dr. Qadirah had known it—and now, I wondered if the others did, too. Anger, concern and a sense of betrayal boiled out of my pores, mixing with my sweat, poisoning me. If I hadn’t been worried that the sounds of my yells would send enemies racing up the hill toward us, ready to claim our lives—I might have starting screaming—at them, at the whole desperation of the situation we were in, at the unfairness of leaving Nate alone under a pile of rocks, over the lack of ammunition and food. At Mrs. Standish and Dr. Qadirah and a world that had gone so completely Richter that my sister was throwing up blood and we didn’t even have a package of bandages any more.
“Fine,” I muttered in a tone that made it perfectly clear how unhappy I really was and walked away from them, following Nester, Lilly and Elise up the tracks. I didn’t even care when Amaranth caught up and walked beside me.
“Liam.”
She was clearly expecting me to say something, but fury made my throat so tight I couldn’t speak. I could yell, but not speak. And as much as I loved looking at Amaranth, right then, I didn’t want to see her face either.
“Liam—” she began again. “You don’t have to talk to me…but please…just listen.”
I kept my head down and my hands jammed in my pocket and walked.
“It’s—it’s about me…and Richter.”
That surprised me and before I could stop myself, I had cut my eyes in her direction.
“I... he…” She stopped and swallowed hard. I knew I wasn’t helping her, but I couldn’t bring myself out of myself enough to try.
For a while there was no sound by the sounds of our feet under the dull gray sky.
“Everything they say about me is true,” She said at last. “And I guess, you could say Richter was…well, my pimp for lack of better word. And that was my idea at first. I wanted to make money because I wanted to get away. I had this idea that if I could just get enough money, I could leave Maryland. Go somewhere and start over. Be someone new. Someone…better…” She made a snorting sound like she was laughing at herself, but when I glanced at her I saw the tears rolling down her face. “But I didn’t have any way to make money. No skills, no good ideas, no million dollar inventions…just…myself,” she finished in a small voice.
Suddenly, I didn’t want to hear this story. I didn’t want to think about Amaranth with a bunch of guys or with Richter or any of this.
“Amaranth, I—”
“No, Liam. I just want to be honest with you. Please. I want you to know—I’m—I’m not the victim you think I am. I knew what I was doing. I picked Richter because I knew he was a jerk. I knew he would go for it, not just because he got a cut of the money, but because…he’d get a cut of me—”
“So is that what he was getting in the janitor’s closet? A cut of you?” Amaranth winced like I slapped her. “Why did you want me to meet you there? Did you think I’d want to watch?”
“I asked you to meet me down there because I wanted out. I wanted out. I realized as soon as the school year started that…that it wasn’t right. I mean, I still wanted to leave, to start over and be someone else. I just couldn’t go about it the same way. Only, I knew Richter wouldn’t let me, so—”
“That’s why you ran on the first day of school.”
She nodded. “I knew that would get the principal and the police and my social worker—the whole crew—involved. And I’d be on ice for a while. Richter wouldn’t be able to make any…appointments.”
“And my job has been to keep him away from you. I guess you saw me on the first day and thought, ‘There he is! Someone I can manipulate—‘“
“No, it wasn’t like that—”
“Then what was it?”
Amaranth hesitated. “I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?” Of all the things she could have said, that made me angrier than if she had just admitted that I was her pawn. “You don’t know?”
“I mean, I noticed you because you were new and because you were looking around at everyone like you couldn’t figure them out. And I guess I feel like that a lot of the time so—”
“Okay, so why tell me this now? You’ve been content to keep your secrets all this time, so why—”
“Because I meant what I said. Back there. About not making it to the Mountain Place. About dying—”
“I really don’t want to hear any more of this,” I muttered.
“Liam—”
“No!” I nearly shouted, even knowing that my voice might attract the kind of attention we running so fast to avoid. “I don’t want to hear it! All this time, I thought you might—you might like me just a little bit. And now you tell me I’m just a way out for you—and worse, that you’ve just given up and you’re ready to lay down and die? Don’t you care about any of us? Elise? Me?”
She sighed. “You don’t understand—”
“You’re right. I don’t understand. But that’s okay. In fact, it’s fine, Amaranth. You wanted out? Well, you’re out. You’re welcome. Now it’s over. Answer one last question and we don’t have to talk-—ever again—for all I care. I want to know what Dr. Qadirah told you. About Lilly. And don’t tell me you don’t know—because I know you do.”
Amaranth’s eyes filled with tears.
“Please don’t make me say it. You…you already know, Liam. So, let’s hope the sun is shining at the Mountain Place. That these clouds stop following us and the sky is bright. Can we do that? Just hope for sun—”
“Hey guys!” Nester’s voice carried on the still air. “Take a look at this!”
I jogged away from Amaranth without looking at her again.
We stood at the edge of an old rail trestle towering 40 feet above a placid-looking river. It was strangely beautiful: isolated and peaceful and silent, like a photograph from long time ago. From our height, the river made just the slightest roar and sent the smallest of breezes up toward us. I stepped off the tracks onto the trestle and peered down into the rushing water.
“Now what?” Nester asked.
“We’ve been here before, Liam.” Lilly pointed over my shoulder. “I remember that.”
A massive modern steel bridge merged with the gray sky.
“She’s right,” I said, remembering. “The Mountain Place isn’t far now. Around 40 miles—at least in car. But we may not have to walk.”
“Not have to walk?” Amy frowned. “Then how?”
“Canoe.” A smile ghosted Lilly’s face and for a second I thought maybe I had over-reacted—that Amaranth was being dramatic—and everything was fine, she looked so much like her usual self. “Dad hid a boat along the banks, up past the bridge there. There’s a trail. Really steep and hard to find, but that’s where he hid it—”
“I don’t want to get anyone’s hopes up,” I interrupted. “There was a boat—we did that prep last summer—”
“It’s hidden really good,” Lilly insisted. “And there are supplies with it. Food. Another radio…”
“I think I’m in love with your Dad,” Amy tried to laugh but the sound was closer to a sob. “I can’t wait to meet him. I’m going to throw my arms around his neck and beg him to adopt me!”
“Hey, I’m going to kiss him full on the mouth,” Rod joked and everyone laughed. Nester even managed a smile.
“Look guys, I hate to be a killjoy, but the boat might not still be there,” I muttered. “There are people all throughout these woods, looking for food and water, just like us. If someone else found it—”
“No one could find it, Liam!” Lilly interrupted, her brown eyes flashing with anger. It was almost welcome given how silent and quiet she’d been, but it made me look at her. We were all thinner—my own jeans were barely hanging on my hips—but Lilly’s collar bones poked beneath her shirt like sharp sticks and an ugly line of painful looking sores marched across the pale skin. “We just need to get down there!” She pointed to a marshy strip of land that lapped against the riverbank forty feet below us.
“And just how are we supposed to do that?” I asked.
The trestle emerged out of the mountain like an unfurled tongue in a mouth of rock. Short of a desperate, suicidal jump over the railing, descending was impossible.
“But there has to be a way!” Amy exclaimed. “I mean, when you hid the boat, how did you do it?”
“From the other bridge. There’s a little dock that’s part of the state park there. We took the exit for the park, drove down to the dock and then carried the canoe into the forest. Maybe a half an hour, due east. And it’s half buried and covered with leaves and branches and stuff—”
“That’s why I know it’s still there,” Lilly interrupted. “No one’s looking for a boat that far from the water.”
We stood on the trestle, contemplating the water silently.
Rod peered between the crossties. “There’s a lot of steel in the frame of this thing, but I don’t know how safe it would be to try and climb down it.” He glanced at Lilly and then down at his own hand. “And I’m not sure everyone can—”
“Wait a second,” Nester asked suddenly. “Do we still have some rope?”
Amy nodded. “Yeah. I stuffed it back in my backpack—”
“Get it,” Nester ordered before turning one of his commanding glares on me. “How deep is the water?”
I shook my head. “I don’t know. Pretty deep I guess.”
“But it’s not deep near the shore, right?”
“Not as deep, but I don’t know. What are you thinking?”
Nester didn’t answer. The river slipped by beneath us, cold, gray and far, far away as he lashed one end of the rope around a crosstie about three feet from where we stood with Boy Scout efficiency. Then he made a second loop over the side railing so it dangled over the center of the barrier like the buried wick of a candle. Finally, he hopped up on the railing and grasped the rope with both hands.
“You can’t be serious,” Rod muttered. “You’re not thinking we can—”
“If it’ll hold me, it should hold the rest of you.” Nester said, and before I could protest, he threw himself off the trestle holding the rope with both hands.
“Nester!”
We crowded along the railing, watching as he rappelled down the side of the bridge, bouncing against the steel bents until he was only a few feet from the murky brown water. He took a deep breath, then let go of the rope and plunged feet first into the river.
Elise screamed, and then clapped her hands over her mouth, looking around nervously. A voice, distant and indistinct, rose like a reply.
“Damn it,” Rod muttered. “They’re still behind us.”
We all peered over the trestle, looking for Nester with renewed urgency. When his slick brown head appeared over the rushing waves, I had to fold my lips to keep from cheering. And when he stood up, with his clothes dripping and the water was only up to his knees, I wanted to cry.
“There’s a deep patch right where I let go but it slopes up if you swim a couple of feet!” he yelled. “Pull the rope back up and send Lilly down next. I can catch her. I know I can—”
“Send Rod down next,” Amaranth suggested. “He’ll be better at catching than lowering.”
“She’s right,” Rod agreed. “I just hope he’s telling it straight and the water isn’t deep. With only one good hand I’m probably not going to be able to hold onto that rope as long as he did.”
“It’ll be deep enough,” Amaranth said, squeezing him on the shoulder. “You can do it.”
Wasserman’s neck colored as he smiled. “Well, when you put it that way, I guess I can,” he said looping the rope around the wrist of his right hand and climbing over the trestle rail. “See ya in the water, folks.”
He inched slowly down the trestle, kicking against the steel posts like Nester had done until the rope ran out. He bent his knees like he was doing a cannonball and then let go, a one hundred fifty pound boulder hitting the water from fifteen feet. Nester waded back toward the spot where the cold water had swallowed him and peered into the depths . At last he reached into the gray water and pulled Wasserman up like a lifeguard rescuing a drowning child.
“Come on down! The water’s fine!” Wasserman sputtered, shivering.
Elise and Lilly followed them down in quick succession…
And then, the whole plan fell apart.
“Liam should go next.” Amy handed me the rope. “You know the way to the canoe and you’re probably a better swimmer than me. I—I really don’t like water. I—” Fear shimmered in her eyes. “I might need some help.”
I didn’t want to—Mom had drilled me “ladies first” since I was old enough to understand the words—but, under the circumstances, it made sense. Nester and Rod were struggling against the cold; I’d be fresher and better able to help the bigger girls.
“Okay,” I agreed.
The water was frigid and weirdly refreshing at the same time. I realized almost as soon as I was covered by its cold brownness just how bad and desperate this idea was: the river had to be cold enough to bring on hypothermia if anyone was in it more than a minute or two. And being soaking wet was going to present us with the challenge of getting warm again—something we’d only just managed to do since the days of constant rain.
Then the toes of my tennis shoes dragged the bottom and I pushed back up. I swam just a couple of strokes before my knees hit the muddy sediment of the river bed. The hardest thing about the whole maneuver was standing up now that my jacket and jeans and shoes were completely saturated. It felt like I was deadlifting twice my body weight; I fell and probably would have fallen again if Elise hadn’t stuck herself under my arm and helped me.
“Loco,” she breathed, jerking her head toward the bridge.
I thought she was talking about me, until I heard their voices, hissing in argument as they shimmied down the rope...
Together.
Amaranth and Amy were descending the rope together. Apparently, neither of them wanted to be left alone on the bridge and this was their best solution. Amy had gone down first but Amaranth’s toes were right at the top of her head.
“Hope it holds,” Nate muttered, but as soon as the words were out of his mouth, Amy reached the bottom and dropped into the water. I dove back in, swimming toward the spot where she disappeared as fast as I could. The water dragged through my clothes and this time, my limbs felt heavy and the cold seemed to swallow me up. I understood why Nester and Rod had nearly missed Lilly when we lowered her down: it wouldn’t take long in this water to be a goner.
Amy’s sleek black head appeared, splashing water at me in panicked handfuls until her arms locked around my neck, choking me. We half-dragged half-swam back to the narrow bank of mud and lay there for a second, gasping and shivering.
“We need to start a fire.” My teeth were chattering and my hands were shaking, but I found the lighter in my pocket and prayed for one more good stroke, in spite of the water it had taken on. I turned, forcing my arms and legs toward the task of gathering enough brush to get something going, until Nester stopped me.
“What is she doing?” he asked, pointing.
Amaranth stopped descending. The rope twisted a little and she swung toward the trestle’s bents. I expected her to kick off against it and keep sliding down the rope, but instead, she hooked her feet into the steel and stayed there.
“What’s the matter with her?” Rod asked.
Amaranth pulled herself close to the trestle and let go of the rope. It swayed uselessly while she held on to the steel foundation with her fingertips and toes. When the rope swung close to her again, she grabbed it. I saw something glint in her hands.
“Sh—sh-she’s cutting the rope,” Amy stammered.
“But how will she get down?”
“We-we—we- realized that if we left the rope hanging we’d be making it easy for them to follow us. We did rock, paper, scissors.” She shuddered, rocking back and forth against the cold. “Sh-sh-she w-w-won.”
The rope separated: a piece less than six inches long still hung from the railing. Amaranth wound the remainder around her arm.
“So how’s she gonna get down?” Nester’s eyes were stretched wide with alarm. “That’s too far to—”
As if answering him, Amaranth began to shimmy slowly down the steel bents, feeling carefully for footholds before delicately planting her toes on the curved metal. We watched, none of us breathing, as the bridge support narrowed from a three foot expanse to one less than a foot wide, still thirty feet from the water’s surface. Amaranth scooted herself carefully toward the new center, struggling to balance on the narrow strip of steel.
“She’s got it,” Rod exhaled. “She’s got—”
Her foot slipped. At first, I thought she’d recovered: she clutched the bent with her hands and her toes caught a rung, latching on for just a moment. But then the hold faltered, her foot slipped again and her feet at kicked at empty air.
“Hold on.” I didn’t dare scream the words, but I couldn’t stop myself from saying them over and over and over like one of Elise’s prayers. “Hold on, Amaranth…hold on…”
She hung, pinching the steel bent with her fingertips while her feet cycled uselessly. Then her grip slipped. Her arms pinwheeled futilely for a hold and came back with only air. Like a stunt woman on a movie set, she tumbled off the side of the trestle, not feet first like the rest of us, but with her back toward the water, at least 15 feet higher than any of us had let go.
“Amaranth!” Her name burst out of me, caution forgotten. I abandoned the fire and bounded back into the water, swimming with the last of my strength, the cries of my friends ignored and distant. My arms and legs were as heavy as lead, but I forced myself forward. I heard splashing behind me but I didn’t stop until I reached the spot where she’d disappeared. When I surfaced and looked around me, I saw Nester, Rod and Elise had swum out with me.
“Amaranth!” I shouted, panic rising in my chest as I dogpaddled in circles. “Amaranth!” I dove under, but the water was dark and clouded with mud and I couldn’t see anything. “Amaranth!”
“Can’t see her, man!” Nate said, his lips were white on his brown face and his jaw shuddered with cold.
“Me, either,” Rod said.
“Look!”
I thought Elise had found her, but when I saw where she was pointing, I realized we had a different problem.
Several dark figures stood at the edge of the trestle. There must have been at least a half a dozen of them. One of them had draped the bloody bear carcass around his head and shoulders like some kind of cape—and another one of them was carrying some kind of rifle—I couldn’t tell what kind. They didn’t appear to have seen us yet, but they had to have heard me screaming Amaranth’s name.
I signaled the others to be quiet and gestured toward shadow of a nearby pier, holding our breaths as our pursuers hopped the crossties forty feet over our heads.
They stopped where Nester had tied the rope. I couldn’t hear what they said, but it was clear they were debating. Through the spaces between the ties, we watched as one of them pulled what remained of the rope up and inspected it, discussing its purpose or plan. Occasionally one of the figures would peer down at the water, focused on the spot where one by one we’d all dropped into its depth. The figures—I couldn’t be sure if they were men or women or a mix of genders—seemed to consider far longer than necessary—but in the end, they unknotted the bit of rope and took it with them.
We waited in the water, clinging to the girders until our pursuers were far out of sight. We might have waited longer—until we were sure they had disappeared into the darkness of the trees on the other side—if Elise hadn’t stopped moving. Her head dropped forward, sinking beneath the water, her black hair fanning out like seaweed.
“Elise!” I grabbed her. Her lips were nearly blue and I could see the white rims of her eyes under her closed lashed.
“W-we got to get her out of here,” Rod said.
It was even harder than the last time. My legs and arms fought me. Wasserman and I fell more than walked, dropping Elise’s prone form back into the river twice as we struggled back toward the banks. Amy waded out to meet us and grabbed the little girl, leaving me and Rod to straggle out of the water as best we could.
“Here, by the fire,” Lilly grabbed my collar and tried to yank me up the narrow strip of hard brown dirt toward circle of rocks and twigs that, at that moment, hosted no flames. My lips were too numb to point that out, but I crawled toward it anyway, guided by Lilly’s tugging hands. Then, I just stopped. I couldn’t have moved another inch no matter what was after me. I collapsed face first in the mud and closed my eyes.
I heard Amy speaking and the sounds of frantic movement, but there was nothing I could do, but listen, trying to make sense of what I was hearing. Someone touched me, taking something off me—but they could have stabbed me in the heart and I wouldn’t have been able to lift my hand in defense.
I felt the warmth of the fire before I saw it: roaring to life what felt like only inches from my deadened fingers.
“He’s too heavy…” Amy’s voice was frustrated and scared. “Lilly…help me…”
“I’m trying…” Lilly whined. “I’m…”
I opened my eyes.
I was right: the fire was close: crackling and popping eagerly near my left hand—but I still couldn’t move. I saw my sister and Amy struggling to drag Rod closer to it. He looked funny to me: strangely pale and exposed. It took me a few more blinks to realize he was nearly naked…and a few more after that to put together that I was, too. Amy and Lilly had stripped us down to our underwear in their best effort to save our lives.
I don’t know how long it took—hours—for me to finally pull myself into a sitting position, shoulder to shoulder with Rod and Nester, huddled in our skivvies under a ripped scrap of our tarp. Elise sat next to Lilly under another jagged piece of blue plastic, her skin still gray with cold, but alive. Amy bustled around us, tending the fire, offering us bits of cold bear meat and water. I glanced first at the sky and then at my watch. It was the early morning hours of yet another day—fifteen days, ten hours and fourteen minutes since the bombs fell.
We were cold, exhausted, scared—and missing another one. I stared out at the water, still hoping to see Amaranth’s fiery hair break its soggy surface, even though I knew that, after all this time, if we found her now, she would most certainly be dead.
When I couldn’t bear it any longer, I stood up, wobbling and weak on my legs. I grabbed my still wet jeans from the branch where they hung and forced myself into them, shivering and fighting with the stiff fabric.
The others watched me blankly, too spent to question or object, except Amy who stood up.
“Wait a little longer—”
I shook my head. I wanted to explain—about getting to the Mountain and what Amaranth had said about Lilly—but just thinking about that last conversation made my throat swell too tight for words.
“Liam, you’re not ready—”
“Leave him alone,” Rod said in a ragged voice. He looked like hell: a ghostly pale, thin and mutilated wraith with an eye patch—but he had dressed himself and held our remaining rifle in his good hand. “If the boat’s still there, we need to get it and get gone. We-we can’t—we won’t—lose anyone else.”
Amy exhaled. She opened her mouth but nothing came out but a stifled sob. Wordlessly, she kicked out the fire and started gathering up our gear. Nester stood up numbly, surrendering the tarp for his clothes as Lilly helped Elise into her coat.
We were on the move.

back to top

23
Buried Deep
What kind of God lets this stuff happen?”
I knew she wasn’t there—that it was just my own mind, reminding me of the conversation Amaranth and I had had back in the Hole when things had seemed to be beyond terrible and we had no idea how much worse they would get. The memory was so vivid I barely saw the rocks and roots we were tumbling over, or felt the cold that sharpened against our damp clothes like we were wearing suits of ice.



“I don’t know,” I whispered the answer. The others were asleep—or at least pretending to be: Amy kept twirling her hair with a finger, but her head was down and her face turned away from us.
“I knew you’d say that. You always say stuff like that, Liam. It’s such a cop out.”
“A cop out? But I don’t know. That’s just the truth—”
“But nobody knows!” She turned toward me, her eyes luminous in the low light. Lilly started like she might wake up, then her head sank back on Amaranth’s shoulder. “Doesn’t stop people from having opinions.” Her eyes drilled into my face, demanding better. “Do you believe in God?”
“Well, yeah,” I said, uncomfortable with the entire subject. “I mean, I guess so.”
Amaranth shook her head contemptuously. “You guess so,” she repeated mockingly. “See what I mean?”
“Okay, then ‘yes.’” I said. “Yes, I believe in God. Are you happy now?”
She ignored that question and fired back one of her own. “Why?”
“Why? I don’t know why—” I stopped myself, realizing I’d said ‘I don’t know’ yet again. “Because I just can’t figure out how we got here without a God,” I offered, determined to communicate better. “A Creator. Think about cosmology—the physics of the Universe. If we’re all here because of some ‘big bang’ 14 billion years ago, then what went boom? Where did that thing come from? Or if you think it’s a really multiverse and there a bunch of universes, there still had to be something that made those bubbles of universes and strung them like lights on a Christmas tree, right?”
Amaranth considered me so long I was afraid I’d grown horns, or sprouted an extra head.
“You know, for a moron, you’re actually kinda smart,” she deadpanned at last. “But I guess I’m not looking for an Einstein-type answer.” She frowned, seeming to struggle to make up her mind about something before continuing. “Before the group home—like years and years before—I stayed with a foster family that was really religious. They took me and the others—there were two others—to church all the time. Prayed before every meal and before bed and a bunch other times just to be safe. And now…” Her face hardened. “Well, they lived close to the District line, so they’re all probably dead. And here am I, not doing so great, I’ll admit. But I’m alive, at least.”
“Were they…cruel to you?” I asked tentatively, half expecting to get my head taken off for the question, but Amaranth shook her head.
“No. They were very nice. I liked them. But the county decided that their home was too small for three kids on a long term basis. Someone had to get moved. I was the oldest—I was ten. And so…” She shrugged. A dark memory flittered across her face. “I think of them a lot. I’ve wondered how my life would have been different if they had adopted me. Who I’d be…” Her voice quavered a bit. “If things hadn’t happened the way they did and I could have stayed there.” She paused for just a second before shaking her head. “But I guess I know the answer now. I’d be dead.” She blinked quickly to kill her tears, but once they had started they had a mind of their own. “And so, that brings me back to the original question: what kind of God fries good people—His own children—down to ash, Liam? What kind of God separates little kids from their parents, and sends them underground to live like roaches?” The tears kept falling and she didn’t bother wiping them away.
“Hey, don’t cry—” I began.
“Answer the question!” she hissed. “For once in your life, Liam, can’t you just—”
“Okay! Maybe God doesn’t get involved like that,” I said. “Or maybe…”
“Or maybe?” Amaranth prompted. “Just say it, Liam. Please.”
I hesitated too long and she slapped her tears away, scooting forward like she was going to get off the cot and go. There wasn’t anywhere to go really—not in a space as small as the Hole, but she made it clear she wasn’t going to sit by me anymore. Not unless I answered. I didn’t want her to go. I knew I could never tell her, but these whispered conversations we shared when the others had dozed off were just about the only thing keeping me sane.
“Maybe the people who dropped the bombs were God’s children, too, you know? How can He take sides?”
She stared at me. Too long for comfort.
“You’re the last person I expected to say something like that.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know. I guess because of the whole ‘military thing.’ You know the buzz cut and the mother who works at the Pentagon and the Dad who—” She stopped, but I knew she was thinking of titanium. “The type that sees the world as the good guys and the bad guys. Us versus Them and all that.”
When I thought about it, I guess I could understand why she might think of me that way. On the news—back when there had been news—that was the way the talking TV heads put it: our friends and our enemies. Jews vs. Arabs vs. Christians. The good people here versus those crazy people over there. The terrorists versus the terrorized. I tried to think of anything my Dad had said that would support her point, but the only thing I could remember was something he’d said one cold November morning when I was about thirteen and we were sitting in a deer stand a little before dawn, waiting for something to happen that never did. Out of the silence like we’d been having a full blown conversation he pronounced:
“War is stupid, Liam. All of it. Doesn’t matter whose war it is or what kinds of reasons they give. No one knows that better than the men and women who’ve actually fought in one.” Then he shushed me like I was scaring the deer before I could ask the questions a statement like that from a decorated veteran would have brought to any one’s mind.
I repeated the words to Amaranth.
I couldn’t decipher the expression on her face. It looked a little like she might slap my face, and a little like she might burst into hysterical laughter. But instead, she leaned forward and brushed my lips with hers. It was the softest, gentlest kiss you can imagine, but I felt it skip from my mouth down the center of my body, through my legs and out the tips of my toes. I could have powered whatever remained of the city above our heads at that moment, just by blinking.
“Good answer,” she said quietly, but then Lilly shifted and Nate lifted his head and asked, “Is it time to eat?” and Amaranth wiped her face and slid off the cot, heading toward the little bucket to do her business.



I could still feel her lips. No matter what else had been said or had happened between us, I hadn’t stopped feeling them. Even though, since then, she’d not only acted like it never happened, but more often than not, treated me like I was the biggest jerk she’d ever had the misfortune to meet. But the truth was I didn’t care what she’d said—or what I’d said to her. As long as she was near me, that was enough. From that first moment, on the steps of JFK High when her eyes locked on mine, I wanted nothing more than to prove to her that not everyone in the world was a total asshole.
And now, thanks to me, she was dead.

I don’t remember most of the walk from the railroad trestle to the concrete substructure of the commercial bridge. If anyone complained about the distance or the cold, I didn’t hear. I kept moving, one foot in front of the next, oblivious to everything but the leaden weight of my own grief. I probably would have just kept walking, just walking on and on forever had Rod not grabbed my arm.
“There’s the sign. For the state park. So I guess we’re here, Liam,” he said quietly. “That canoe’s probably heavy, so Nester and I will go with you. See if we can find it and bring it down. Lilly, Amy and Elise will stay here, out of sight. Amy’s got the shotgun. And I’ve got this.” He showed me the rifle, and then peered into my face, compassion shining out of his remaining brown eye. I steeled myself for him to say something about Amaranth, but all he said was, “You remember the way?”
I nodded. I was so grateful that he hadn’t said her name I could have burst into tears.
The terrain was wooded again, a valley of trees at the base of the mountain. I hoped the trail markers Dad had placed hadn’t been disturbed or eroded—but if they had, I had Amy’s compass and I remembered the bearings. If I got to the right section of the Stone River Park, I’d find it.
We made our own path, bending back low tree branches, and moving to the northeast as quickly and quietly as we could. The ground grew steeper as we progressed. Worn out as we were, it wasn’t long before we were panting and sweating with the effort of the hike.
“You carried a canoe up this hill?” Rod asked the familiar smirk on the mobile half of his face.
“No. We actually carried it downhill. From the overlook up there.” I pointed in the direction of the road. “But I’ve carried it down to the water from its hiding place a couple of times.”
“With your Dad’s help, right?”
“Dad can’t handle terrain this steep.”
“Why?” Nester began before he remembered what Dad looked like. “Oh, right. Never mind.”
I stopped in front of a gigantic sweet gum tree. The last time I had seen it—maybe four months before—its gray trunk had reminded me of one those preschool art projects made with yarn and glue. The bark had been like thick strips pasted on a smooth surface. Both its star-shaped leaves and the spiky Christmas ornament-like balls hanging from them had been green.
Now, I hardly recognized it. Instead of thick ropes of gray yarn, the tree’s trunk looked like desiccated worms rotting on a black surface. Its leaves were brown—not the color of the usual winter decay, but shriveled and nearly black. A knee deep pile of its signature spikey brown balls clustered around its roots as if every bit of the tree’s fruit had fallen off at the same time.
“This tree is dead,” I muttered, touching it gently. A square of bark the size of a piece of notebook paper slid off it with the slight pressure from my hand. I looked around me, taking in the forest with more attention than I had before. “A lot of these trees are…dead or dying.” I glanced at the gray cloud still spreading its poison across the sky and thought about what Hakim had said. It didn’t matter how much food we might have stored at the Mountain Place, if we couldn’t grow more—our days there were numbered.
Let’s hope the sun is shining at the Mountain Place.
I pushed that memory out of my mind, down deep with my worries about Lilly and the growing doubt in my mind that we’d find my father or sanctuary there for long.
“Is this is it?” Rod asked, leaning against the trunk to catch his breath, while Nester wiped sweat off his forehead with the damp edge of his shirt.
“No. A little higher.” I reoriented myself under the canopy of dead trees. “This way.”
We hadn’t gone far when I noticed the branches were bent a bit as though someone had recently followed this path. Leaves had been mashed into the ground by wet feet that weren’t ours.
“Someone’s been here,” I whispered, pointing at one of the clearer footprints.
“Aw, man,” Nester hissed, dejection coloring his features. “You think they found the canoe?”
I raised my fingers to my lips, and signaled our direction. We crept quietly toward the spot where the canoe was partially buried in the forest’s debris.
It wasn’t a clearing exactly—it wasn’t large enough to qualify—just a trench of space between the trees. A partially uprooted box elder tree had fallen into a neighboring pine forming a haphazard arch of branches. There was just enough room for the canoe in the opening between the embracing trees, and with its camouflage tarp covering it and the fronds of the trees’ branches over top, the boat vanished into its surroundings.
Or least, that’s how I remembered it.
The trees were still there but they were stark and brown and somehow deader than even winter could usually make them. The gray sky seemed to wash the whole scene of any color. The scene was eerie in a way that didn’t make rational sense, like that breath-on-the-back-of- your-neck feeling you get in a dark basement at midnight.
As far as I could tell, though, the canoe was still there, covered by dead branches and sheltered by the intertwined trees. The only problem was there was someone sitting on it.
I couldn’t see a face—its back was to me—but there was no mistaking that a person wearing some kind of dark, hooded cloak or tarp or blanket pulled all the way over his head was sitting there.
Nate and Rod and I stopped moving. The figure didn’t turn—didn’t appear to have heard us. I glanced around but didn’t see anyone else—the person appeared to be alone—but I’d done enough hunting to know that it’s easy to hide in the woods. If you’re wearing the right gear, you can be pretty close to invisible.
I gestured to the guys, roughing out an attack plan in blinks and hand movements. Rod nodded and surrendered the rifle without hesitation. Nester looked nervous. He was right to be: we didn’t have any other weapons and since the rifle was .22, it would be useless unless until I was practically at point blank range. I offered one more signal and I read in their eyes that, though they didn’t like my instruction, they would obey.
If this goes bad…run.
Then, as quietly as I could, I stepped out of the trees with the .22 aimed at the figure’s head.
I was less than a yard away when the blanket—I could tell now that’s what it was, a dark blanket—slipped off. I saw hair, most of it dark and wet as a seal’s, except the ends, which rested on a jacketed shoulder I knew as well as my own. Those strands were dry and a sultry, fiery red.
“Amaranth!” I shouted. “Amaranth! You’re alive!”
And then, before she could even answer me, I grabbed her off her makeshift bench and lifted her off her feet, hugging her close. “You’re alive! Alive! You’re—”
I didn’t mean to do it and if I had been thinking I probably never would have had the nerve. But I was so happy to see her—so very, very happy—that I just grabbed her by both cheeks and pressed my lips onto hers.
For a long second, everything stopped. Time, breath, memory. My whole body was warm, my stomach was full, and the sun was shining. There were no bombs—there never had been—and life was beautiful and full of promise because Amaranth’s arms went around my neck and she kissed me back.
“Oh, Amaranth. How did you find it?”
“Find what?” Amaranth breathed, backing away from me with her cheeks the same color as her hair. “I—I was looking for you guys. Lilly told me there was a little path, but I never found that. But she said something about two trees and—”
Nester and Rod emerged from their hiding places. Nester grinned, but Rod’s expression was harder to read. Definitely relief—but partly something else.
“We thought you drowned.” He said, patting her on the shoulder.
“I thought I was going to. I hit the water pretty hard. I think blacked out because the next thing I remember I was way under water. When I made it back to the surface, the current grabbed me and I just didn’t have the strength to fight it.” She shuddered a bit with the memory of very close to death she’d come. “I’d gone under a few times and then…” She showed us a black rucksack. “This came floating by and I grabbed it. It’s some kind of—”
“Waterproof backpack,” I murmured, feeling like someone had pulled the bones out of my legs and crammed them down my throat.
“Yeah. I just held onto it and the current floated me right down to the beach there. When I opened it up –”
“It was full of gear. That blanket, a flashlight, some MREs, compass, ammunition,” I finished. “A floating go-bag, right?”
Amaranth’s lips parted in surprise.
“Dude, how did you know that?” Nester asked.
The others watched as I dumped out the bag’s contents and pulled up the bottom lining. A few squares of folded paper, sealed in a plastic baggie shook loose. I handed the plastic-covered stack to Amaranth.
“This is a copy of some guy’s driver’s license,” she said frowning. “David Harper.” Her eyes widened. “Oh my God, Liam! That’s—”
“My father,” I said quietly. “This bag belongs to him.”

back to top
24
To the Lookout
“I don’t understand,” Lilly said over and over again. “Why would Daddy’s bag be in the river? Daddy doesn’t swim. And what about his legs? He’d have had to take off his legs and then how could he walk on the other side?”
She held the bag in her lap like it was in desperate need of her tender love and care. In a useless flash of memory, I saw her holding her favorite doll—Prissy Lizzie or some name like that—in her arms in the same possessive way years ago, before she’d gotten into those fashion-style dolls with the miniskirts and the tiny plastic high heel shoes. The Lilly in my memory was only about five years old. The Lilly in front of me looked much older than her ten years. More angry sores bloomed on her face. Standing over her, I realized how thin her hair looked; her scalp shone whitely out between the brown strands. When I tried to capture her gaze, she wouldn’t look at me. She held Dad’s bag with a wan, hopeless look on her face.
“Lilly, maybe he was on the raft,” I said doing my best to erase the abandonment from her face. “Maybe it tipped and the bag fell out, but he made it to the other side—”
“Is there a radio?” she asked, her eyes locking on mine. “In the supplies?”
I found it and hurried back to her, pressing the device into her hand.
“Is—is it safe to try?” she asked me in a small voice.
“Yes,” I said even though there was no way I could know who might be listening or if they might be a threat. Right then, it didn’t matter. The last of her hope was draining out of my sister and I would have happily fought off Richter and an army of assholes like him to help her hang on. “We’re close now, Lilly. We’re going to make it to the Mountain Place and everything’s going to be okay. You hear me?”
“Everything’s going to be okay,” she repeated listlessly. She stared at the radio’s red “power” light balefully, but didn’t press the talk button.
“Go ahead, Lilly. Try Dad.”
She hesitated, her pale fingers stroking the radio’s black face tentatively. “You—you do it, Liam,” she said at last, pressing it into my hands. “Call Dad and…and tell him I’m sorry we didn’t wait for him.”
I took the radio, tuning to the channel we always used when we were within range of the Mountain Place. We were still about forty miles away, by my best guess, but it seemed close enough to try. Especially after finding the backpack.
“Breaker, breaker. Number One Son to Titanium Two, do you copy? We’re on our way to Home Base, Titanium Two. See you soon, over.”
Lilly’s eyes flickered over me as I pressed the radio back into her hand.
“You think he heard you, Liam?”
It’s probably the only absolute lie I ever told her, but I cupped her thin, pale face with my hand and smiled. “I know he did.”


The canoe was big—almost a hundred pounds and built to carry four adults—but with all seven of us aboard—not to mention the water proof drum that held more MREs, a water filtration bottle and another small medical kit—it sunk low and wobbled unsteadily as we pushed off into the center of the deep, cold water. There was also a gun—one I knew well: Dad’s Beretta M9 pistol, identical to the one he’d carried in the Marine Corps—and ammunition.  Amy took the weapon and perched on the bow of our little vessel. Something about the look on her face reminded me of that famous painting of Washington crossing the Delaware River: hard and determined and brave.
“Where do you think those people went?” Nester said, staring up at the rocks and trees of the mountain walls like he expected snipers. Rod’s bad hand meant it was him and me at the paddles, but Nester had never held an oar before.
“They’re long gone,” Rod replied, managing to sound almost convincing. “Over the river and through the woods, you know?”
The joke fell flat.
I dragged my paddle through the water, watching the wound it opened in the murky surface reflect back the gray sky. I glanced at Lilly on the flat wooden seat beside me, her head resting on Elise’s shoulder as she murmured “Breaker, breaker” into the radio again and again.
A sick feeling of desperation churned my stomach.
We were within hours of the Mountain Place…but if my Dad’s backpack was floating in the Stony River, exactly what was I taking Lilly home to? I cut the water again and again with the wooden oar, trying as hard as I could to come with an explanation that made sense and that would keep alive the hope that we’d reach the place and find him there, waiting for us. But it was completely beyond me. With every stroke, the black water seemed to confirm my fears that there would be as little safety at the farm as there had been at every other step of our journey. But it was too late to turn back—and even if we did, there wasn’t anywhere else I knew to go.
“Amy,” I called over my shoulder. “There’s a body of water on our property. It’s called Mock Creek, though it looks more like a lake to me. Do you see it on the map?”
“Hold on a second,” Amy’s voice sounded funny, choked and breathless. I turned my head a little and saw the tears running down her face as she fumbled for the map. “It’s—it’s wet and—”
I didn’t ask her what was wrong—everything was wrong. Her family was dead. Nate was dead. The sky was still gray, we were starving and exhausted and frightened and sick. Any one of us had every reason to burst out crying; the fact that we’d managed to keep going in spite of all our losses was nothing less than amazing. Amaranth wrapped her arms around Amy’s shoulders, while Rod carefully pulled the soggy map out of her hands. Nester sniffed, running his sleeve under his nose and against his cheeks, but kept paddling, as though his body didn’t have any idea what his eyes were doing.
“I see Mock Creek. On the map. I see it,” Rod said, pointing to tattered corner.
“Does it feed into this river? Stony River?”
Rod frowned, his fingers tracing the faded blue lines. “Not exactly, there’s a little tributary here—I don’t think it has a name—that does, though. It’s probably a few miles from here. Northwest, I think.” He gave me his best pirate squint. “If we can find that tributary, it looks like we can get there by boat a whole lot faster than walking.”
It was exactly what I’d hoped for. I exhaled, peering ahead like I could manifest that tributary now, by the sheer force of my will. We needed to reach the Mountain Place—not soon, but now. Amaranth had said we needed to get there before our strength to fight was gone…and that moment had come.
“And when we get to there?” Elise asked softly. “To this place? What?”
It was a simple enough question, filled with possibilities, some good, some not so good and some none of us wanted to acknowledge.
“When we get there, it’s going to be okay,” I replied, and I hoped like hell I was right.


Weighted down like it was, the canoe sliced slowly through the water, but from time to time, the current helped us. The silent gray sky hovered over the treetops like a blanket and I realized with an ache that made my eyes tear and my chest tight that it had been fifteen days since I’d last seen the sun. I concentrated on pulling the paddle through the water, stroke after stroke. My palms blistered and my arms hurt, but the thought that with every pull we were getting closer and closer drove me on in spite of the pain. If I hadn’t been looking for the tributary, I would have closed my eyes. As it was, I saw the Mountain Place in my mind’s eye as if I were already there: the wooded entrance that you’d miss from the road if you didn’t know what you were looking at, the dirt road, just barely wide enough for single vehicle, winding for nearly a quarter mile until you reached the edges of the orchard where this time of year the last of the season’s apples would be dangling in the branches. Then there were the rows of sweet potatoes and turnips, and closer to the little farmhouse, in the summer there were tomatoes, peppers, herbs, and squash that Dad had coaxed out of the rocky soil with the help of our compost pile.
And then the farmhouse: small and old fashioned, perched on the hill top but invisible from the valley. Just a plain rectangular box of a place with a couple of small front windows and a wraparound porch on the lowest level, topped a smaller second story and then, perched like a hat above it, a cupola tall enough for two men to stand up in. We had nicknamed it “The Lookout” because Dad insisted that one day, when the shit hit the fan, we’d need to keep watch to make sure the starving hordes didn’t come for us and our stuff.
Crazy. That’s what I thought every time he’d said it…only now we’d met the starving hordes and they were scarier than anything he could have imagined. I’d be glad now to patrol the Lookout, knowing that I’d be able to see them coming, long before they knew what lay at the top of the hill.
Behind the house were the barn, the well and the outhouse.  There was no running water in the house, and no electricity, except what was powered by a small generator that Dad only turned on when Mom insisted. Beyond them were the open fields where Dad planted a little corn, pumpkins and for the first time last spring, wheat. It sounded like a lot—a big farm—but really only about ten of the whole 46 acres had been tamed. The rest was mountain, forest and rock, mostly left to be itself. Altogether, our Mountain Place was nothing special—a hillbilly jumble of wood in the middle of nowhere. The only thing really special about it was buried deep underground—
“I think that’s it!” Amaranth cried, pointing to a narrow stream cutting a path between a thicket to our left.
“Like this,” I signaled to Nester as I changed my stroke, aiming the canoe at the opening by pushing the water away from us.
“Like…like how?” Nester smacked his paddle against the surface and the canoe rocked wildly from side to side, threatening to capsize.
“Don’t move!” I hissed. “Everyone! Nester, lift the paddle!”
He jerked the oar out of the water and held it and himself still. The boat listed left and right uncertainly and then steadied, finding the current of the tributary. We drifted a bit before I nodded at Nester and I dipped my oar into the dull water again.
The trees were closer to us now, growing directly out of the water and leaning toward each other across the little channel like they resented being separated by the creek in the first place. The water was thick with dead leaves and moss and more than once, I brought up an oar full of muck from the bottom. I couldn’t help thinking that the dense cover made a perfect hiding place for God only knew what kind of tormenter—but no shots were fired and we heard no one.
“It’s getting shallow,” I said. “How far is it to the lake?”
“I think—” Rod began but Amy lifted the map off his lap.
“I can do it now,” she muttered, wiping her face as if to prove it. “It’s less than ten miles,” she said using her fingers to approximate the distance. “It’s hard to guess on here—”
“I’d guess say like five—”
“It’s more than five, Rod,” Amy rolled her eyes. “See—”
“Whoa, what’s that?” Nester asked, leaning to starboard so suddenly the canoe rocked hard to the right. He pointed at the bank, lowering both his voice and his hand. “Something’s wrong, man. That looks like—”
At first I thought it was a bundle of dirty rags left to rot on the banks of the creek. But then as we drew closer, I realized there was a hand poking out from the frayed green sleeve and a head buried face down in the brown muck.
We hadn’t seen many dead people along our road for a long while—not since the SuperMart. I didn’t count Nate: that was a crater in my mind that I didn’t have the luxury of thinking about. But the others, the dead strangers strewn along the roads, dying where they fell, we hadn’t seen in a long while. Once—not so long ago really—I would have been upset or nauseated or frightened to see a body floating in the river. But now, I didn’t care. This close to the end of our journey, I just wanted to leave the dead to themselves and keep going. I steered as far as I could away from that side of the bank and was about to pick up speed when Lilly grabbed my arm.
“Liam,” she breathed. “Daddy has a coat like that!”
I looked. True, the body wore a green jacket—like the flak jackets Dad was so fond of wearing when the weather turned cool—but a lot of people in the mountains cobbled together that same Army-surplus-meets deer-hunter look. I said as much, but now I was paying attention. The face was pressed in the mud at edge of the bank but the hair was brown like Dad’s. The legs were covered with drab olive pants that disappeared into the dark undergrowth crowding the marsh.
Lilly’s fingers curled more tightly around my arm.
“Liam.” Her eyes carried her plea. I didn’t want to, but if l paddled on without checking, there would be no peace. I sighed. “All right—”
“What if it’s some kind of trap? What if he’s faking—” Amy whispered.
“He’s not faking,” Rod interjected. “You can tell that guy is definitely dead.”
“But what of bad people? People to hurt us for this,” Elise’s lips quivered with fear and exhaustion, as she patted the canoe. “It is not your Papi,” she said firmly. “We go, yes? We go,” she repeated as if that should be the end of the discussion.
But Lilly’s face said differently. I handed Amaranth the paddle and eased myself out of the canoe and into the cold water.
“Take cover and be ready to haul ass,” I said softly then I started swimming.
I’d barely gone two strokes when my shoes dragged the muddy bottom of the creek. I stopped and stood up, wading toward the body. The overpowering smell of decay hit my nostrils like a punch and I turned my head, lifting the sleeve of my wet jacket over the bottom of my face.
I stood still like that, pressing back the urge to vomit and listening for a few long seconds. The forest was silent except for the sound of the moving water and I couldn’t see anything in the brush. It seemed okay, and yet I hesitated. Seeing dead people was bad, but I knew touching one would be worse. I wasn’t looking forward to it.
I glanced back at Lilly. She was leaning forward, her face tense with worry and fear.
I counted to three and grabbed the body by its hair.
The face was a mangled mess that spoke of violence, not starvation or some natural cause. The eye sockets were empty and maggots crawled from the slack mouth, making my stomach lurch. I coughed, but nothing came up but air and the gamey taste of bear. With a determined inhale, I inspected the face. Between the wounds and process of decay, it would have been hard to say for sure who he had been. I let the head fall again and pulled myself out of the water for definite proof.
“It’s not him,” I called over my shoulder as I lifted the dead man’s trousers. “He’s got legs. Real ones—”
Something glittered in the moss near the dead man’s hand. At first I thought it was a razor—it was a small rectangle about that size—but when I bent closer to it, my heart took off like a rap music beat.
It was a military dog tag.
The chain was gone and the little silver rectangle was imbedded in the dirt and muck near the man’s hand as though it had fallen out of it when he died. I picked it up.

David P. Harper, USMC. 45777420

Dad’s tag. He never took it off. What did it mean to find it here, so close to another man’s body? Had this man somehow taken it from my Dad—perhaps at some kind of siege of the Mountain Place—only to be bested later himself? If that were true, instead of safety, we were heading right into trouble. But perhaps Dad had had killed this man and lost the tags in some kind of struggle? I thought of the backpack, bobbing in the Stony River and shivered.
“Liam?” Lilly sounded nervous. “Okay?”
“Yeah,” I answered quickly, stuffing the little piece of metal into my pocket and turning toward the canoe. “Just…trying to figure out what happened here.”
I pulled myself back into the canoe, dripping and breathless as a fresh-caught fish. Amy kept the paddle and pushed off, moving us closer and closer to the Mountain Place, while I caught my breath.
“Are you sure it wasn’t him?” Lilly asked her eyes boring into mine like she suspected something.
“I’m sure,” I said, omitting the dog tags from my assurance. “Positive.”
“You never told me. Why Dad left,” She pressed. “What really happened, Liam? Please.”
I didn’t really want to re-live that, not with my father’s dog tag cold and wet in my pocket. Not with Lilly looking so weak and tired.
“He—he—thought something like this would happen soon. So he came up here to make everything ready for us,” I lied. “Mom didn’t like it. She told him he was paranoid. They had a big fight about it, but…” My throat felt tight as I remembered that moment, the last time I’d seen my parents together and the bitter words they’d said, but I pushed that down and focused on my sister’s weary face. “Well, you know how that went. She couldn’t stop him and he went.”
Lilly nodded.
“That sounds like Mom. And Dad,” she muttered, her lips twitching into the smallest of smiles. Nester and Amy paddled. The creek slipped by us in silence. I stared out at the wooded banks like I was keeping watch, but really I was avoiding Lilly’s eyes. We were almost there…and I couldn’t bear for her to see the doubt that I knew was written all over my face.
At last, the trees shrank away from us, the creek widened and the water expanded. “I can hear them…fighting over the preps,” Lilly murmured like we’d been talking all along.
“Yeah,” I agreed.
“You were right, Liam. He’s probably there waiting for us,” she said softly. “He knew…he knew…you’d get us here…just as well as he would have…”
Her head fell forward.
“Lilly!” I screamed, grabbing for her as she slid off the slick wooden seat with her eyes half-lidded and her face ashen. The canoe rocked violently, listing hard to port and then, no longer able to hold its equilibrium, capsized, dumping us all in the murky brown water.

back to top
25
The Broken Promise
I floundered but it was only a second before I realized I could stand.
“It’s not deep!” I cried to the others, sweeping Lilly up and carrying her toward the shore. “It’s not deep!”
“Is this it?” Amaranth sputtered, half swimming and half walking, Elise gripping her tightly around the neck. “Is this your lake?”
I ignored her. It was hard to tell anyway—we were bordered by trees all around and I couldn’t orient myself. I had always navigated the Creek by searching the treetops for the rounded cupola of the Lookout, just barely visible from the water if you knew what you were looking for. Without it, the land was as foreign to me as if I were a stranger.
“Lilly!” I lay her on the ground and shook her gently. “Lilly, wake up! Wake up!”
She opened her eyes and looked at me like I was the remnant of a pleasant dream, then her lids dropped heavily over her eyes, shutting me out.
“She is dying,” Elise said softly.
Dying. The word landed in my ears like a blow from a heavyweight prize fighter, blurring my vision and making them all look and sound fuzzy. “She…is…not…dying,” I heard myself yelling at them. “We just need…an antibiotic or…some kind of medicine or—”
“What’s that?” Nester pointed toward a thin stream of black smoke rising from hilltop across the lake. “It looks like someone’s chimney—”
I turned toward his pointing finger. The dome of a weathered cupola merged into the dark sky.
“It’s the Lookout,” I breathed. “It’s the fireplace at the farm house. We’re here and—and—”
Dad.
I knew it with a sudden faith that almost made me laugh. Dad was up there, at the top of the trail, waiting for us with a warm fire, and a hot bath. We’d eat pumpkin soup made from our own pumpkins and drink hot chocolate and sleep in beds and Lilly would be fine—
I gathered my sister in my arms and ran along the muddy banks of Mock Lake until I found the narrow path we’d worn into the trees that led to the Mountain Place.
“Liam!” My friends yelled after me, but I didn’t even turn around. I supposed they were following, picking their way up the steep trail as best they could. My chest ached and my legs hurt, but I was too close to care. Lilly felt almost as light as one of the stuffed animals that had lined her crib when she was just a baby and I kept running, running as fast as I could up the path I knew as well as I knew the way home from JFK High School.
I burst out of the woods and onto the fields. The pumpkins were all gone—either harvested or taken—and the fields were as bare as the shelves of the SuperMart. The ground looked like the pictures I’d seen of the surface of Mars—cratered and empty. It didn’t look like it would ever be green again. The scarecrow Dad had stuck in the ground at the height of the growing season listed sadly to one side like he didn’t see the point of trying anymore.
He always looks like that in winter, I told myself. In the Spring, Dad and I will freshen him up. Give him some clothes I’ve outgrown. We’ll stuff him with fresh hay. Lilly will pick out a new hat for him and he’ll be as good as new—
I kept going, screaming “Dad!” in my brain, imagining how I’d tell him he was right, and how sorry I was. I imagined his face when I told him about Mrs. Standish and what happened to the bus, about Richter and the people in the forest we’d met along the way. We’d go back and bring Nate here for a proper burial—and then we’d go back to the District and find Mom and the other kids’ parents. We’d do all of that—in the Spring, when Lilly was well. He’d know what to do. He’d have something to cure her—or know where to get it. Of course he would. He had prepared for everything—for all of it—and we wouldn’t have gotten this far without him.
The barn was in sight. The outside had always been a plain, weather-beaten brown—we had talked for years about painting it red like in those children’s books I’d read to Lilly before she learned—but we had never gotten around to it. The doors were open like they always were during the days in decent weather. A few chickens pecked at some corn scattered in the hay. The sow in her pen snorted at me like I was a trouble maker as I hurried past.
“Almost there, Lilly!” I panted, looking down at her pallid face. I hoped she would open her eyes and smile—that she would know that we were finally here. After everything—everything we’d been through—the house was less than 50 yards away.
“I can see it, Lilly! I can see—”
Her head lolled loosely on her neck like there were no bones in it. I stared hard into her face, watching her chest, waiting for the movement of breath, but nothing came.
“Lilly? You can’t—you can’t—” I picked up the pace, somehow finding the strength to sprint the last couple dozen yards.
The cabin looked the same as it always had, except for the thin line of smoke rising into the air.
“We’re here, Lilly!” I exclaimed. I tried to laugh, but the sound got stuck in my throat and came out like a sob. “Dad! Dad! We’re here! We’re here! Dad!”
I sank to my knees, unable to run any more, too out of breath to say anything else. My cheeks were wet but I didn’t realize I was crying until I heard the sobbing and realized there wasn’t anyone else it could have been coming from. I wanted to stop, but I couldn’t. I lay Lilly on the ground as gently as I could and pulled myself to my feet, staggering toward the stairs.
“Dad!” I cried. “Dad! We’re—”
“Stop right there! Stop or I will shoot you!” Someone yelled from inside the cabin—a woman with a country accent so thick “will” sounded “wheel.” “Don’t you move, now, you hear?”
A whip-thin woman with skin the color of a brown paper sack and curly brown hair wearing an oversized lumberjack coat that I recognized as Dad’s stood on the porch. She carried her shotgun awkwardly like an old woman with a heavy shopping basket on her arm. I reached for my pocket before I remembered that Rod, Amy and Amaranth had our remaining weapons. I was unarmed.
“Who are you?” she demanded. “What you doin’ here?”
I opened my mouth, but confusion and exhaustion kept any sound from coming out.
“Hah?” she asked, jerking the shotgun like she was afraid she might have to use it. That, and the awkward way she held it, told me everything I needed to know. “You gonna have to speak up. I done tol' you, I’ll shoot if I hafta.” She shrugged her shoulders toward the fields. “I know you ain’t by yourself. Saw you from the Lookout, comin’ up from Mock Lake—”
“Who are you?” I stepped closer to her, but my eyes were on the shotgun waving only a few feet from my grasp. “What are you doing here? At our place?”
“Your place? This ain’t your place. This here’s David Harper’s land—”
“David Harper is my father!” I shouted, slapping the gun out of her hand. It bounced to the ground between us. I grabbed the skinny woman and shook her, but once she was close I realized she wasn’t a woman at all—just a girl, no older than me, dressed in what must have been her grandmother’s clothes. “Who the hell are you and what are doing on our farm? Tell me! Where’s my—”
The sound of a gunshot filled my ears and a fraction of breath later a searing pain like I’d been punched with a hot poker ripped through my side. I stumbled away from the girl, grabbing the stinging spot below my ribcage. When I looked down, my hands were wet with blood.
“Liam!” Someone was calling my name, but my eyes weren’t working right and I couldn’t see who it was.
“Liam?” The old womanish girl’s mouth dropped open in horror. “You’re Liam Harper?”
My feet slipped out from under me. Everything swam for a moment, then Amaranth’s pale face snapped into focus, inches from my own, and then Nester’s behind it. “It’s okay, Liam…it’s okay…” she said and I felt her palms, cold and damp on my face.
“Who—who—”
A little boy peeked from behind the old womanish girl. He had big sad eyes and the same dusky skin and kinky hair. He didn’t look more than five or six years old, but he held Dad’s .38 special in both hands.
“Marty! What have you done—” the girl cried.
“He was hurting ya, Katie,” Marty said. He spoke with the same Appalachian drawl as the girl. “Mr. David said fer me to take care of ya. Be the man until he got back. And I’m doing it. Ain’t gonna let nobody hurt you—”
“Oh, Marty…” The blonde girl snatched the gun out of his hands like it was old toy. “You just shot Mr. David’s son.”
“You—you know my father?” I shoved Amaranth and Nester aside and struggled to sit up. “You tell me where—”
“H-he went down to look for you. ’Bout a week ago. No, longer than that. So hard to keep track without no sunrise or sunset. The rooster hardly knows what do with hisself,” she continued in her hillbilly twang. “But it was right after he got that message from your Mama on the ham radio—”
“Mom? Mom is alive…?”
“Easy, Liam,” Nester murmured as I hauled myself to my feet. “You probably shouldn’t—”
The world dimmed. Someone’s arms supported me but I couldn’t see whose. “Lilly! Lilly! Did you hear that? Mom is…alive…” I called but Lilly didn’t answer. “We just need to rest here a while, Lilly. You rest and get better.” My voice cracked. “You—you rest. And—and then, we’ll go find them. And everything…everything will be like it was before…”
My side smoldered and burned. I felt hot and then a cold sweat made me shiver. I closed my eyes.
“He’s going into shock!” Nester slipped his shoulder under my arm just as my knees went weak. “We need to get him in the house—”
“Liam…” Amaranth’s face blinked in and out of focus. “Stay with us, Liam! Liam!”
I wanted to. I wanted to enjoy the feeling Amaranth’s arms around me. I wanted to help them carry Lilly up to the house and to ask Katie a million questions. I wanted to plan the search for my mother and find out what had happened to my dad. But I couldn’t. Darkness dropped on me like a slippery hammer, and everything faded away.

End of Book One

Did you like the story? I’d appreciate your review it at your favorite book retailer.
A sneak peek of Book 2: Nester’s Mistake follows.  Find out what happened to Liam and the other kids!
back to top

The Doomsday Kids series continues with Nester’s Mistake. 

It’s a “shoot first, ask questions later” world after the apocalypse. After a perilous escape from the wreckage of their Washington, DC suburb in book one, Liam’s Promise, the surviving kids reach their destination, a mountain safe house, only to find their troubles have just begun. There are no adults and the kids are still all alone. Fifteen-year- old Nester, whose good grades and smarts had him on the fast-track to success in the world before the bombs, has no skills for his  new life: tending animals, maintaining fires and defending their mountain cabin against intruders. Threats bombard them: from the weather, from escaped prisoners from a nearby correctional facility and from their own grief over their losses. Inexperienced with firearms and conflicted about killing people, Nester struggles with whether there’s a place for compassion in a world without laws or authority. Then, as nuclear winter sweeps over their mountain home killing crops and animals, a medical emergency threatens one of their number. Nester must make a desperate choice that shatters their little community and irrevocably alters their chances for survival.  


back to top

The Doomsday Kids series continues with Nester’s Mistake. 

It’s a “shoot first, ask questions later” world after the apocalypse. After a perilous escape from the wreckage of their Washington, DC suburb in book one, Liam’s Promise, the surviving kids reach their destination, a mountain safe house, only to find their troubles have just begun. There are no adults and the kids are still all alone. Fifteen-year- old Nester, whose good grades and smarts had him on the fast-track to success in the world before the bombs, has no skills for his  new life: tending animals, maintaining fires and defending their mountain cabin against intruders. Threats bombard them: from the weather, from escaped prisoners from a nearby correctional facility and from their own grief over their losses. Inexperienced with firearms and conflicted about killing people, Nester struggles with whether there’s a place for compassion in a world without laws or authority. Then, as nuclear winter sweeps over their mountain home killing crops and animals, a medical emergency threatens one of their number. Nester must make a desperate choice that shatters their little community and irrevocably alters their chances for survival.  

Nester’s Mistake is book two of six in The Doomsday Kids series.
1
Shoot First


Lilly was dead.  
I didn’t have to touch her or get any closer to her to know it.  Her face had drained of color and even the ugly red lesions had lost their anger, washing out to dull sores.
I had to battle down the feelings crowding in on me like a fat man on an airplane, spilling into places where they shouldn’t have been.  All the crap we’d been through since the nukes dropped over Washington rushed back to me in a nasty blur.  After weeks of hearing about Liam’s family’s “Mountain Place,” this was supposed to be our haven. This was supposed to be our safety.  Liam’s father was supposed to be here to help us.  And instead, Lilly was dead and Liam—
There was no mistaking the gunshot that split the cold air wide open—and now Liam was swaying like a rotten tree in front of me, gripping his side.  My glasses were broken—split right down the middle of the nose bridge and hanging from my ears in two pieces—but I didn’t have to have seen what happened to do that math.  And now, a strange-looking boy and girl stood between us and an Abe Lincolnesque log cabin.  The girl was tall and slender and maybe twelve or thirteen and the boy was half her size and age.  A shotgun lay on the ground and the girl held a pistol loosely in her hand like she forgotten about it.
Liam glared at them, his eyes ablaze with fury, clutching the wound like he could knit himself back together by will power alone.
“Who are you? Why are you here? What are you doing on our land—“he yelled and then stopped. His features twisted like he’d just realized he’d been shot and then his eyeballs rolled up like cartoon window shades. His knees buckled.  I slipped my arm under his shoulder right before he kissed the ground.
“We need to get him inside!” I cried. “Now!” 
“Get the door, Marty!” The girl yelled.  
Amaranth struggled to shore Liam up—to help me move him—but Rod muscled her out of the way.
“I’ll help Nester with him,” he told her.  “You help Amy bring Lilly home.” 
The way he said “bring her home” made something twist inside me, blocking my throat.  I thought of my dead brother, Nate, buried alone between the railroad tracks, covered by rocks.  Homeless in death. Blackness rose inside me like water and I had to fight for a few seconds to keep from drowning.
“Open the door, Marty!” the girl repeated, moving to help Amaranth and Amy with the little girls.  She had wild brown hair worn in two puffy pigtails, gray eyes and skin the color of watered-down tea. She wore an old-fashioned loose brown coat over a pair of rubber black galoshes.  I knew instantly that she was a “mixie”—the name my mom gave to kids who were bi-racial—and once, I’d have spent some time checking her out like a test tube specimen, trying to guess what combo of races would give you that look.  
There’s no time for that ish, man.
That’s what Nate would have said.
The boy—Marty— hesitated, taking us in dubiously.  For a split second, I saw us as he probably did: Amaranth Jones was a skinny, quivering mess of torn, stained clothes, dirty wet hair and fading bruises with a .22 rifle strapped to her shoulder.  It was probably out of ammo—but the little dude didn’t know that. I probably didn’t look much better, with my broken glasses and my Afro coated with mud and dead leaves. My clothes were crimson with my dead brother’s blood. Rod Wasserman with his burns and his eyepatch.  Tiny Elise Gomez was all big sad eyes, wailing over Lilly like she’d come unhinged. Amy Yamamoto with her John F Kennedy High School cheering skirt overtop Nate’s old,  fouled jeans, her face pinched and cut.  We looked like a band of pirates who’d ship had been sunk. If I’d been in Marty’s shoes, I’d have run for the door all right— and locked it from the inside.
“Quick, Marty!” This time anger snaked through the girl’s words.  “You didn’t mean to hurt him, but we gotta help ‘em fix him, if we can! Think of Mr. David—what he asked us to do! Now get the door and hold it for ‘em.  And then you bring them blankets from upstairs.  And put on another pot of hot water. And bring some clean towels—“ 
The boy frowned disapproval at us, but he grabbed the shotgun off the ground and hurried toward the cabin at a run.  
Rod and I half-lifted, half-dragged Liam up the three steps of the wide front porch and into the cabin.  My busted glasses stayed on my face by the strength of my ears alone. Everything and everyone around me was as blurry as a bad selfie, but there was no missing that we were entering a home—or the closest thing to one any of us had seen in weeks.  
We stepped into a mudroom the size of a large coat closet with hooks for coats and benches on either wall.  Marty stood sentry over the next door—the real one that actually led to the house.  As we passed him, I saw that his body was pint-sized but the angles of his face, the few zits peppering his chin and the eyes all said twelve or thirteen.  Nate’s age—
“Lilly!” Liam snapped into consciousness just as the toes of his wet sneakers scraped across the threshold. “Lilly!” he screamed, slapping at me like I was keeping him from something. “Where’s—“
“She’s right behind us,” I told him, ducking the wild swings that threatened to finally send my glasses flying.  “She’s coming. Right behind us.  You gotta calm down, man—“
“Lilly!” Liam kept fighting like us like we were the enemy. Rod bent, sagging under his weight.
“I got him, I got him,” he hissed himself, ignoring Liam’s flailing arms and frenetic screams.  Rod Wasserman kept saying the words over and over under his breath like he was The Little Engine That Could.  “I got him. I got him. I think I can, I think I can…”
Sounded stupid…but it helped.
 We maneuvered our burden down a single step into a huge open room warmed by a bright fire in a huge coal stove.  An old-fashioned braided rug lay over a plank floor and an shabby corduroy couch faced the front door with a couple of mismatched rocking chairs on either side of it.  A pair of cheap bookshelves and a cluttered desk sat to the left of the door. There was a window above it with the shutters on the inside of the house, not the outside.  A long wooden table with six straight-backed chairs dominated the other side of the room, segueing into a short corridor lined with shelves that looked as deep as they were wide.  There another room back there, but it was too far away and I couldn’t see anything about it without my glasses.  Even without 20/20 vision, I could tell the whole place was neat and clean, warm and bright.
 “Thar’s beds up the stairs—“ The girl pointed to the loft above us and jerked her head toward the staircase.
“The couch.” Rod panted, lurching toward it with the last of his strength.
The girl pushed aside a battered coffee table.
“Hey!” I cried, suddenly stupid.  “That was ours!” My mother had left it on the curb as trash a couple of years ago, but it had disappeared before the garbage men arrived the next morning.  Apparently Mr. Harper—Liam’s father— had found it a second home here at the Mountain Place. If I’d had any breath left, I’d have laughed: a stupid coffee table Mom had thrown away had survived the end of the world but she and Nate and just about everyone else we’d ever known—
That twisty feeling corkscrewed from my throat to the pit of my stomach, making my eyes sting. I blinked a couple of times trying to clear it, but it wouldn’t go. I had to stop because I couldn’t breathe, couldn’t see, couldn’t make my body move the few more steps forward. Rod propelled himself on anyway and Liam slid off my shoulder and nearly fell before I choked the knot back and made my body move.
Katie—that was what the mixie boy called her, Katie—dropped a sheet over the couch’s worn fabric and helped us ease Liam onto it.  Then she ran to the back of the room, her oversized boots slapping the steps of an unseen staircase.
The front door slammed behind me and I turned, the two pieces of my glasses, swinging away from my face as Amaranth and Amy struggled into the room carrying Lilly. Elise trailed them, sobbing disconsolately and trying to catch Lilly’s arms as they flopped loose and useless from her shoulders.
“Put her on the table.” Marty darted across the room, clearing away a tumbler and a stack of books with a single determined sweep of his arm, but taking care to lift a black box about a foot square and six inches high.  The crackling sound of static told me it was a radio. The boy set it carefully on the desk, lowering the volume slightly.  
Liam’s eyes fluttered open, zeroing in on the boy. 
“Who are you?” he demanded.  “Who are you? What are you doing here?”
Even messed up as he was, his voice was a bull whip, snaking across the room and flaying the kid like a beating out of Spartacus.  Marty’s coppery cheeks flamed red but he focused his eyes on the floor, folded his lips didn’t say a single word. I didn’t blame him: Liam couldn’t have hurt anyone if his life depended on it but his eyes were full of the kind of crazy that you see in a really good TV psycho.
“Who are you?” Liam shouted, his face reddening with effort.  “Why are you living here?”
“Stop screaming, man—“  
“Don’t tell me what to do, Nester.” Liam wanted to sound all bad ass, but he didn’t have the strength to even keep himself upright.  He sank back against the couch, groaning, his hand hovering over his blood-soaked side like it hurt too much to touch. “I want to know… what…they’re doing here,” he hissed.  
“And they’ll tell you. Later, man.”  I reached out to lift his jacket.  “First, I gotta see what I can do about that bullet hole—“
Liam slapped my hands away.
“No. Now. Right… now.” He was trembling, shaking so hard I was scared for him. 
“Okay, but you’re losing blood.  Stop flailing around. Lay still and let me--”
“Please, Liam.  Please, let Nester stop the bleeding.” Tears wet Amaranth’s cheeks—the ugly kind that made ropes of mucus stream from her red nose.  She wiped the snot with the arm of her dirty coat and cut her eyes at Marty like she wanted to rip him apart with her torn, mud-coated fingernails.  “Tell him what he wants to know.  It’s the least you could do considering—“ the tears came faster and her chest heaved. “This—this—is all your fault. He—he—we—” 
“She’s right: tell him,” I interrupted, because it was clear she was losing it and none of us needed that. I nodded at Marty, adding the word quick with my eyes.  “Tell him before he hurts himself.”
Marty shrugged just as Katie reappeared holding a tower of towels and blankets in her arms.  She plopped them onto Mom’s coffee table, then stepped into Liam’s line of vision. The patchwork of old and oversized clothes she wore reminded me of a movie I watched once about the Depression.
 “Marty didn’t mean to shoot nobody.  All kinds of scary people been showing up here—“
“From the prison. Over in Herriman,” Marty interjected.  “Bad folks, looking for food and stuff—“
Katie nodded.  “Mr. David—your Papa—told us that would happen. He said after a couple of weeks, when all the stuff folks got on hand is gone, they’d start coming--”
“And he was right,” Marty continued, his words older than the high-pitched sound of his voice. “None of ‘em have made that close to the house yet.  That’s a few booby traps out along the drive—“
“He knows that, Marty,” Katie rolled her eyes.  “He probably helped Mr. David plant ‘em—“
“Do I look like a convict to you?” Liam interjected. The effort of the conversation was taking its toll on him, but he was too stubborn to lie back.  “I was carrying—carrying—“ his voice quavered and his eyes shifted toward where Lilly  lay.  “What kind of convict carries a… a little girl…”
“Liam,” I said, leaning close to him. “Let me…”
He didn’t resist—I don’t know if even heard me—so I lifted his wet jacket and the slick T-shirt.
There was a lot of blood—the bullet had sliced him open below the rib cage, making a trough in his skin about an inch wide and three inches long. The wound was ugly—ugly enough that my stomach rolled as I sopped the oozing blood with the towel.   Was there a bullet or a fragment in there?  Had it hit anything vital inside?  I couldn’t tell.  I couldn’t see anything but– 
Blood.
And then suddenly, I was back in that tunnel and Nate was screaming and there was blood everywhere.
I’m not going to make it… my little brother said, his voice loud in my memory.  I’m not going to make it…
I shook my head, clearing the past and pressed my frames together with one hand, reaching for another towel with the other.  Amy dropped it into my outstretched hand. When I glanced at her, I read fear in her eyes. 
“You was a stranger and--” They spoke in a weird tag team exposition and it was Katie’s turn. 
“And Mr. David, he told us to shoot first and ask questions later,” Marty finished.
“When I saw you come running up from Mock Lake, I thought you might be Liam Harper and the little girl might be Lilly.  Your Dad described you real good--” 
“But he didn’t say nothing about the rest of ‘em.  We started thinking about those folks—the bad ones—who came up here before. Started thinking they might have got some kids in their gang.  Started thinking the whole thing might be some kind of trap—“
“Or that you was running from them, bringing ‘em right up here to us. So I came down with the gun, and I told Marty to hang back.” Katie’s eyes circled the room, appealing to each of us before landing back with Liam. “We ain’t got no one but each other.  Been just me and Marty since—“
“Since our mama passed a while back.” 
Katie paused a moment before adding in a soft, pleading voice.  “You got to understand.  Marty—he’s was jes trying to protect me.”
I glanced at Liam and saw two things: nothing she said had moved him and that he wasn’t going to be conscious much longer.  He was breathing too fast and his lips looked almost blue in the low light.  He blinked like he was having trouble focusing.  The second towel I’d pressed into his abdomen was already soaked.  
 “Why are you living here? Why did my Dad let you stay?” A flicker of something like jealousy twisted his lips.  “We—we aren’t—related or anything, are we?”
Katie blinked in surprise.
 “Gosh no! You think Mr. David—“ she blushed, roses lighting dusky her cheeks.  “No. We got our own papa “
“Somewhere,” Marty added sardonically.
“We’re used to being on our own. But  Mr. David was always nice to us—“
“We’d been camping out in a little shack over on old man Watson’s farm next door.  Mr. David caught us swimming in the lake one day.”
“We didn’t know anyone was here.  We’d swim there most of the summer and never seen nobody. I was scared at first—“
“Ain’t never seen a man with metal legs before,” Marty drawled. 
“Hush up, now.  Ain’t polite to talk about stuff like that, Marty—“
“Well, it’s true.  I ain’t holding it against him.”
Katie ignored him.  “We didn’t see him again for a while after that—not until just around the time the other kids were going to school.  That’s when he hired us.  To check on the animals when he was down in Washington.  He paid us a little money and said we could come here any time.” She quirked an eyebrow at him. “He never told you ‘bout us?”
Liam stared at her but didn’t—couldn’t — answer.
“Then Mr. David came up and stayed,” Marty said. “Longer than he had ever before. He said he came to work the pumpkins, but he seemed kinda…” 
“Sad,” his sister finished. 
Liam’s eyes filled with tears that I knew had nothing to do with the pain in his side.
“Seemed like he wanted some company,” Marty added, studying Liam’s face closely. “Like there was something troublin’ him.”
Liam suppressed a sob.
“And right about then we didn’t have much food left and no money.” She studied the toe of her dirty boots.  “And neither one of us had been to school in while for one reason and another—“
“I don’t want to go no more anyway,” Marty muttered.  
Katie sighed.  “It’s been hard for us both.  Harder for Marty on account of him being so small for his age—“
“How old are you?” It wasn’t relevant to the story, but my curiosity overcame me.
“Twelve,” they answered simultaneously, before Katie clarified. “We’re twins.”
It was all I could do to keep from staring after that.  Marty had to be some kind of little person to be that age and that small. Instead, I studied the wound. 
Think, Nester…I told myself, letting the ballad of Katie and Marty fade from the top of my mind. I concentrated on the wound. If the bullet had pierced any internal organ, Liam probably wouldn’t be talking so much: he’d be dead or nearly so by now. I held the left lens of my glasses over my eye and peered closer. The bullet had caught the skin just above his hip bone and ripped it away, but as far as I could tell, that was it.  It was bleeding like Old Faithful and some of the remaining skin around near it was black like it was burnt.
“We was kinda in a bad way until Mr. David stepped up,” Katie continued. “Made sure we had enough to eat—“
“Said we could come over here and he’d give me—both of us—lessons.  He’s a powerful good teacher. Better than most of ‘em—“ Marty pointed toward the shelves near the door. Most of the books had titles like “The Sustainable Farm” and “Survival Medicine” but I saw titles “Call of the Wild” and “Bleak House”  and “Babbitt” as well as a row of brightly-illustrated children’s books.    “Never cared much for reading before, but I liked them stories he got about life in the wilderness—“
“So that’s why we come that day, to keep up with our school work,” Katie interrupted him.  “We was sitting right there at yonder table—“ She nodded to where Lilly lay, then looked down at her boots again.  “Sitting right there when it suddenly got dark in the middle of the afternoon.  Mr. David, he said, “Looks like a storm rolling in” and we went back to work. We didn’t think nothing of it until your Mama came through on the ham radio.  That’s when Mr. David checked his phone and realized it weren’t working—“
“He talked to her?” Liam’s voice was a ragged whisper. “After it got dark…after the bombs…that was when he talked to her?”
Katie nodded.  
“What—what—“
“She said she’d talked to you. Reached you at your school and told you to get Lilly and get up here.  ‘But there wasn’t enough time,’ she said. She said that few times. Sounded like she was crying. And Mr. David, he said, ‘Don’t worry, Sandy.  Liam, he’s a smart kid. He got Lilly and he’ll take care of her. They’re probably sitting in the Hole complaining about how bad the MREs are right now.’”
Rod chuckled a little at the memory of the bad old days—the eight days in the bunker under Liam’s house nicknamed “the Hole.”  At the time I’d thought nothing worse than the Hole would ever happen to me: eight, long, sunless days in a dark, stinking, underground bunker. Running out of food, hot, bored and miserable. The whole time, Nate had whined about how his stomach was grumbling and how much he missed playing Call of Duty and Grand Theft Auto.  It seemed to me that every word that came out of his mouth was stupider than the one before. If you’d told me then how much worse it would get—that our days in the Hole really were the “good times” —I wouldn’t have believed you. I would have told you this kind of hell could never happen in America.  Could never happen to nice suburban kids like us.
“Go on,” I barked, grabbing yet another towel. Katie’s head snapped toward me, her eyes flashing, but I didn’t apologize. “You need to finish this. Quick,” I explained nodding toward Liam’s pale face. “What else did they say? Where was she? Anything about other survivors or--”
“They got a little mushy. ‘I love you’ and all like that. Then your Mama said she’d try to contact him again as soon as she could.  So before he left, he told us to mind the radio.  Keep it in batteries and turned on—” 
“But we ain’t heard nothing since he left.” Marty nodded toward the device on the desk behind me. “Just static. And we’re almost out of batteries—”
“Lilly! They’re alive! They’re—“ Liam sounded dazed and hysterical, as though he was talking to his own dreams.  He lurched upward, fighting toward a new destination, then collapsed. As if someone had pulled an invisible plug inside him, the last bit of color drained out of face. Sweat pearled on his forehead. 
I slapped his cheeks with my fingertips. “Liam! Stay with us, man! Liam—“
“What is it?” Rod pulled himself to his knees, crawling closer to the couch, alarm etched into his face.
	“It’s bad,” I told him. “We gotta do something… and fast.”


Nester’s Mistake is coming September 1, 2014.  Follow @Doomsdaykidz on Twitter for a chance to win a free copy!
Acknowledgments

This book would never have been written without the assistance and input of so many people who were kind enough to offer technical expertise, story advice and encouragement along the way. I must, therefore, take a moment to acknowledge the contributions of at least some of them here.
My neighbors Miles Greenbaum and Judy Danish were among the first readers. They offered both technical advice and thoughtful critique of the story’s premise.  Linda Kenyon, Doris Barner, Kaitlyn Otero, Maya Pearson, Paul Langan and the people at Townsend Books gave their valuable assistance in helping me find the right voice for a young adult audience. The “team” at PLK Law Group provided their branding advice. My friend and fellow writer Wendy Coakley Thompson advised on self-publishing in this “brave new world” for mid-list writers and had faith in my ability to master it. Much gratitude to Ariel Martino and the folks at the Pen-Faulkner Writers in Schools program for the opportunities to talk with high school and middle school students and stay connected to what matters in their world.
To Savannah Frierson for invaluable support in making this manuscript ready for publication and to Kaitlyn Otero and theravingdragon.com and the father-daughter team of Zerrick and Maya Pearson for the wonderful illustration that forms its cover.
To my daughters, Sierra and Sommer, for their inspiration and for reminding me how siblings (don’t) get along—and of course to my husband, partner and financier, Kevin Folan for fronting the cash, reading the story over and over and always, without fail, pronouncing it “good.”
This book is dedicated to Patricia Lawrence Kolaras at PLK Law Group. Patricia is my agent and attorney and has been a “fan” since I first told her about my Doomsday idea. The truth is, without one critical question Patricia asked me on July 2, 2013, this story might never have been written. The question: “What do you really want to do?”
It was a good question.

back to top




Other fiction by Karyn Langhorne Folan

Forever Young (with Scott G. Kyle)
Paparazzi Princesses (with Reginae Carter and Bria Williams)
Diary of an Ugly Duckling
Unfinished Business
Street Level
A Personal Matter
Breaking Point (with Paul Langan)
Pretty Ugly


back to top
